
TABLE OF CONTENTS

I.    THE JOURNAL

II.   GETTING STARTED
      A. Booting Instructions
      B. Resuming a Saved Game
      C. Starting a New Game

III.  COMMANDS

IV.   OVERLAND MOVEMENT
      A. Terrain
         1.  Plains
         2.  Farmland
         3.  Desert
         4.  Woods
         5.  Mountains
         6.  Wilderness
         7.  Water
         8.  Roads
         9.  Cities
         10. Oilfields
         11. Swamp
         12. Long Island
         13. Cape Cod
         14. Devastated Areas
         15. Coasts, Small Islands, Cays
      B. Winter

V.    VEHICLES
      A. Vehicle Attributes
         1.  Mass
         2.  Structure
         3.  Maximum Speed
         4.  Maneuverability
         5.  Braking
         6.  Acceleration
         7.  Missile Factors
         8.  Missile Protection
         9.  Volleys
         10. Tires
         11. Boarding Factors
         12. Interior Crew Capacity
         13. Topside Crew Capacity
         14. Fuel Consumption
      B. Maintenance
         1.  Structural Damage
         2.  Flat Tires
      C. Improvements

VI.   SUPPLIES
      A. Carrying Capacity
      B. Consumption
      C. Caches

VII.  PEOPLE
      A. Gang Members
         1.  Quality
         2.  Recruiting
         3.  Cronies
      B. Encounters
         1.  Agents and Scientists
         2.  Healers
         3.  Footgang Commands
         4.  Footgangs
         5.  Residents
         6.  Mutants
         7.  Road Gangs

VIII. ROAD COMBAT
      A. Modes of Combat Resolution
      B. Deployment
         1.  Crewing Vehicles
         2.  Deploying Vehicles on the Tactical Map
      C. Movement on the Tactical Map
         1.  Viewing the Tactical Map
         2.  Changing Speed
         3.  Maneuvering
         4.  Moving
         5.  Terrain Effects
      D. Ramming
         1.  Structural Damage
         2.  Speed Alterations
         3.  Overruns
      E. Fire Combat
         1.  Volleys
         2.  Facing
         3.  Line of Sight
         4.  Weapon Types
         5.  Tires
         6.  Missile Protection
      F. Boarding Combat
         1.  Limitations on Boarding
         2.  Order of Combat
         3.  Vehicle Captures
         4.  Crew Transfers
      G. Aftermath

IX.   QUICK COMBAT
      A. Quick Combat
         1.  Delay Length
         2.  Ram Ratio
         3.  Aiming Priority

X.    MISCELLANEOUS
      A. Controlling Cities
      B. Radio Direction Finder
      C. Command Limitations
      D. Surprises

XI.   PLAYERS' NOTES

APPENDIX
LIST OF REGIONS


I. THE JOURNAL

In a dimly lit corner of a government archive, you can find a
dust-covered volume chronicling the most horrifying years in human
history. It is the journal of the Director of the top secret Government
Underground Biolab, and it reveals the institute's heroic struggle
against the invasion of 1999. The journal has been retained, but one
hopes that the world never again will need its lessons.

March 29, 1999

Washington is a zoo. St. Andrew's received 187 cases of the strange
"bug" yesterday. The city is panicking. Unfortuneately, ours is not an
isolated case. Twenty-two other cities have had similar outbreaks of
disease. So far, HEW is investigating the routine methods of
contamination: poisoned food, bad batches of medicine, etc. We have been
alerted, but no quarantines have been set up yet. The symptoms are
extreme: the incoherent patient usually experiences debilitating nausea,
chills, and high fever. Tomorrow, we'll receive blood and tissue samples
for analysis. I'll assign Pintero to the work.

May 7, 1999

We now have a national epidemic. Pintero found the cause of the
disease... a bacterium in three different forms. At first, the bacterium
exists in a pupal stage, much like a caterpillar. The bacterium in this
form causes great damage to the entire human neurological system. In the
next stage, a cocoon, the bacterium becomes dormant, causing very little
or no damage. But later, about two months after the adult bacterium
breaks out of the cocoon, the patient dies. Pintero's experiments on
rats convinced me that we don't have much time; the disease runs its
course in about a year. We've got to produce a vaccine that prevents
maturation. Once we've done that, we'll have to find a cure. I'm
creating a special medical task force. In the meantime, we'll work with
HEW to find out how this thing spreads. They suspect foul play.

May 27, 1999

It's worse than any of us thought. They used fake passports to get here.
Anderson located one of them in Philadelphia, and I flew out for the
interrogation in here guarded hospital room. Even truth serum didn't
make her talk or dull the hatred in here eyes. As she succumbed to the
disease, she spoke deliriously of her home and her cause. We know only
that she hates anything associated with the U.S. Her blood samples
indicate the bacterium has matured. She has only a month to live, but I
can't feel sorry for this suicidal lunatic.

June 8, 1999

This one talked. It's grim. The plan originated with a fanatic sect.
Some of their scientists genetically engineered the bacteria. They
injected one hundred volunteers, then sent them to the U.S. to spread
the disease. They have been very effective: 82% of our country is
infected to some degree. But the sect itself developed a cure. Many of
the sect's members have received the vaccine. When I asked this member
about the vaccine, he just laughed and turned his head to the wall. Our
task force must succeed.

June 13, 1999

The country is dissolving into anarchy. The President, most of the
Congress, the military, and the police force lie in hospitals -- if
they're lucky. Those that aren't lie in the streets. Barely able to
move, they can't find sufficient food and water. I remain isolated here
with other GUB members. I pray for my family each minute, each second...
But there is hope, since we know a vaccine can be produced. The sect
that infiltrated has one. Surely, we can produce a vaccine, too. The
task force has a few leads; I'm sure we are closer to our goal.

July 7, 1999

The Secretary called me today. "Herrell, it's getting beyond our
control. We're calling the National Guard to stem some of the looting."

"What can I do, Sir?"

"I think you'd better get that special task force of yours into the
field to see the bacterium at work, to get a sample of the vaccine and
analyze it."

"They're close, sir. Close to a real breakthrough."

"They'd damn well better be. Have them report to me tomorrow. I'll
arrange new locations. Everything top secret, of course." I think about
the members of the task force. They are eager to go into the field. But
I know... out there, it could mean their deaths.

July 8, 1999

We stood listening to the Secretary, everyone tense, white-faced. Then,
carrying small satchels of supplies, the task force had been given
pellets of food and vitamin concentrates that would reduce his food
consumption by half. The general public can get pellets only by looting
the few shelters that contain them.

July 20, 1999

Nuclear bombs have struck strategic cities across the U.S. With the
defense system down, we could not protect ourselves or retaliate. The
bastards. Radiation will cause horrible sickness. The worst of it is
that not all of the bombs exploded. Some of the hardware was defective.
So in various cities there are bombs likely to explode at any time.
People will flee to cities the existing radiation only to be annihilated
by the delayed explosions.

Anderson and Rogers tell me that the cities are divided into small
sections, each ruled by a gang with a strong leader. In some cases,
where the leader is strong enough, the gang rules the entire city. Funny
to think of Boston run by a motorcycle gang.

A gang leader usually gains control when he has a doctor, a drill
officer, and a politician supporting him. Rogers, who made it back from
the upper north side, said a leader called Mox is in control there.

Mox found his doctor while looting for supplies at a hospital. A doctor,
depending on the degree of his skill, may be able to save a diseased
soldier. Rogers doesn't know how, but he's seen men live who by rights
should have died.

Drill officers at old military bases are usually willing to come with
the gang leader. The drill officer is responsible for training and
discipline. With training by a drill officer and experience in battle, a
gang member has his fighting ability increased.

Incredible, even in a bio and nuclear war, politicians talk -- and
people listen. Mox found his politician by allowing needy people to join
his band. Bureaucrats controlled Mox's area, but the politician reduced
the amount of bribes Mox had to pay to them.

These gang leaders, together with their three cronies, can control
cities. They can protect against or permit looting and other activities.
But can they last?

August 2, 1999

Now we must fight against a land invasion. Their forces, already
inoculated, are everywhere. Heavily armed with conventional weapons, the
invaders struck along the coasts and came through Mexico. Our own
resistance has had mixed results. Few people are equipped -- or even
physically able -- to fight the invaders. The gang leaders seem to have
the best chances.

No phones, no mail. I hear little from the outside world and the agents
have increasing difficulty returning. But a message did get through from
one of the eight. They are very, very close to a breakthrough.

August 21, 1999

The radiation from the nuclear bombs caused a strange mutation in the
bacterium. The new strain affects the aggression-controlling area of the
brain, causing extremely violent behavior. People carrying the new
strain are called mutants.

Ironically, the invaders' vaccine is not effective against the mutated
bacterium. The invaders now are experiencing the agonies others have
felt. They die from the mutated disease; we die from the original
disease. Each side needs the other side's vaccine. The doctors (now
called healers) who have the new vaccine cure people, but at a huge
price. All men must be cured at the same time or they become reinfected.

I feel disoriented and defeated.

October 6, 1999

Travel is becoming extremely difficult for our agents. They must obtain
food and gas, and if they are ill, the vaccine. Transportation is a
problem. There is snow and no one to plow the northern roads. Snow tires
will cover twice as much ground as conventional tires, but they can be
found in tire stores only. I loathe being forced to encourage looting.

November 20, 1999

Our supplies are dwindling. We've always kept a two-year cache of food
and water, but we've gone through nearly half of that. Will we, too,
become common looters and gang members when we've eaten it all?

It must be time to bring the agents back to GUB... all eight of them.
Dade, Macallister, Washington, Pintero, Smidlapp, Trotier, Mills, and
Sinh.

I need a leader. I hear that there are individual gang leaders who
control several cities at once. When a gang leader controls enough
cities, I'll send an agent out to relay instructions. If the gang leader
is loyal to our cause, he'll help the scientists to get back here. By
the time he brings six or seven of them, I'll feel I can trust him and
let him use the last Radio Direction Finder to locate the remaining one
or two.

December 25, 1999

I wait. Each tick of the clock signifies one moment gone, one fewer
remaining. My men collapse, physically and mentally. I, myself, am not
well, the images of pain, terror, and death in my dreams. It is
Christmas Eve, 1999. The snow falls, mercifully covering the ugly scars.
The old Christmas carols come to mind... O Holy Night...


II. GETTING STARTED
A. Booting Instructions

Apple Family: Insert the disk, front side facing up. Turn on your
computer. Make certain the CAPS LOCK key is depressed.

B. Resuming a Saved Game

When asked whether you wish to resume a saved game, type Y and follow
the prompts on your screen.

C. Starting a New Game

When asked whether you wish to resume a saved game, type N. When asked
to enter the name of your gang, type a name of no more than 20
characters, and press RETURN/ENTER.


III. COMMANDS

A)bandon Vehicle. You may abandon any of your vehicles. When you respond
to the computer prompt with the ID number of a vehicle, that vehicle is
dropped, and the remaining vehicles are renumbered.

C)ity, Scouting. You may send out scouting parties to search out the
inhabitants of the city. Respond to the computer prompt with the number
of each rank that is to be sent. Some of the scouting parties will not
return.

D)rop Supplies. You may drop any amount (up to the amount earned) of
Food, Tires, Fuel, Guns, and Medical Supplies.

E)mpire Status. The computer displays all of the cities controlled by
the player as well as pertinent information regarding progress towards
winning.

F)ix Tires. The gang takes time out to replace damaged Tires with
spares.

G)ang Status Report. The report consists of two parts: Gang Stats and
Vehicle Stats. See Figure III for an explanation. Note: A similar
display will be used in deploying your troops prior to detailed combat.

H)eal Sick with Antitoxin. If there is enough antitoxin, the crew is
inoculated against disease. One unit of antitoxin cures 50 crew.

I)nitialize Save Game Disk. Respond to the computer's instruction to
insert a blank disk and the disk will be formatted for your use.

K) Check Contents of Cache. The computer displays any supplies
previously stored by a player in the currently occupied city.

GANG STATS

        MAXIMUM VEHICLES        15 (2)
XX (1)  NUMBER OF VEHICLES: 10

TOTAL CAPACITY          8350
PASSENGER CAPACITY      456
                                HEALTHY (3)
FUEL CONSUMPTION        31 (4)
FOOD                    1109 *
TIRES                   32 * (5)
FUEL                    4694
AMMO                    59413
GUNS                    405
MEDICAL SUPPLIES        27
ANTITOXIN               39

TOTAL SUPPLIES          6267 (6)

DOCTOR  DRILL SARGEANT  POLITICIAN  RDF (7)

CREW (A/B/C/D/E): 110/23/12/1/3 = 149 (8)
PRESS ANY KEY TO CONTINUE, X TO EXIT

(1) Gang name.
(2) Number of vehicles.
(3) Health indicator.
(4) Fuel consumed in 1 move.
(5) Supply display. an * indicates the presence of a special item (snow
    tires and food supplements this time).
(6) Total capacity used.
(7) Cronies and the RDF are shown in this area.
(8) Total crew listed by rank, Armsmaster through Escort.


VEHICLE STATS

VEHICLE 1 (1)   TRAILER TRUCK (2)

STRUCTURE:              60/60
MANEUVERABILITY:        3/3
BRAKING:                2
ACCELERATION: (3)       1
WEAPON TYPES:           F/F
TIRES:                  18/18
SPEED:                  6/8
FACING:                 6

PROTECTION (L/R/F/B/T): 5/5/3/1/1 (4)

INTERIOR CREW CAPACITY: 51
INTERIOR CREW QUALITY: 12/6/6/5/2 (5)

TOPSIDE CREW CAPACITY:  50
TOPSIDE CREW QUALITY:   6/5/5/5/1
PRESS < OR > TO CHANGE VEHICLE,
G FOR GANG STATS, OR X TO EXIT

(1) Vehicle ID No.
(2) Vehicle Type.
(3) Vehicle Stats. The numbers listed with a slash show present/maximum
    values. Weapon type is C)rossbow or F)irearm. Speed is 10s of MPH.
    Note: This vehicle is improved from the Basic Trailer Truck.
(4) Missile Protection Factor for Left, Right, Front, Back, Top. 5 is
    solid metal. 0 is open air.
(5) Crew on board. Shown are the maximum number of crew in and on the
    vehicle. Listed are the crew aboard this vehicle, in order of rank,
    Armsmaster through Escort.


L)oot, Search for. The gang searches for usable items. Items exist in a
number of locations, but they may or may not be found in the search.
Looting has a chance of success in all but forest or desert terrain.

M)anpower Report. The computer displays the gang members by rank.

P)eople, Search for. The gang patrols an area, actively searching for
other people. Generally, the search leads to footgang encounters.

Q)uit Game.

R)ecall Saved Game. You may recall a game position from a disk and resume
play from that position. Remember to save a current position to a disk
(or it will be lost) before recalling a previous one.

S)ave Game to Disk. You may save a game position to disk and resume play
from that position at a later time. The save disk must first be
formatted, using the I command. Only one game may be saved per disk.
Play may be continued after saving the game. Note: You may find it wise
to save your game frequently, especially early in the game.

T)ransfer Supplies to/from Cache. You may distribute supplies among the
vehicles and the cache. This command may be used only when the gang is
in a metropolitan area.

U)se Radio Direction Finder. You have a chance of acquiring an RDF to use
in tracking down the scientists. Use of the RDF is explained in the
rules (Section X. B.)

V)ehicles, Search for. You may search the immediate vicinity for
abandoned vehicles. This is the primary means of meeting a gang's
vehicular transport needs.

W) Damage Report. During the movement or fire portions of tactical
combat, you may view a brief report on the damage suffered by the active
vehicle.

X) Examine Supplies. The computer displays a summary of the supplies
carried by the gang at present.

Number keys (1-8). The gang moves 1 space in the indicated direction on
the overland map.

8=Northwest     1=North         2=Northeast

7=West                          3=East

6=Southwest     5=South         4=Southeast


Note: Not all commands are available from all menus. As a general rule,
all commands pertinent to a given situation are available. For example,
during road combat aftermath the G, X and D commands are available.
Don't hesitate to press a command key at any menu. If it is available it
will be activated. If unavailable no harm will be done.


IV. OVERLAND MOVEMENT

Overland movement is controlled by the number keys. 1 represents north,
2 northeast, 3 east, and so forth to 8 which represents northwest. For
easy reference, a directional rosette appears on the map in the middle
of this rulebook.

Each movement on the overland map represents travel of approximately
fifty to seventy-five miles.


A. Terrain

1. Plains. Plains represent range land and other rural terrain not
primarily used for agriculture. Roads are few and of poor quality;
travel is slow. Ranches are common, but farms less so.. Other
establishments are few and far between. People are scarce.

2. Farmland. Farmland represents land used primarily for agriculture.
Roads are in poor condition, slowing travel. Farms are very common; they
are sometimes raided for food by road gangs. Other people are scarce.

3. Desert. Desert represents barren terrain with no roads to speak of.
Little life exists in the desert. To run shy of fuel is to perish.

4. Woods. Woods represent areas of virgin forest with few roads and no
habitation worth mentioning. Woods are another place in which to be sure
of one's fuel supply.

5. Mountains. Mountains are very rugged terrain with no roads. Travel is
almost impossible.

6. Wilderness. Wilderness represents rugged, forested land untouched by
the hand of man. Passage is impossible.

7. Water. You may be the savior of your race, but you can't drive on
water.

8. Roads. Roads represent large interstates and multi-lane highways. Not
all were left intact by the war. Many smaller cities and towns dot their
lengths. Road gangs may find sufficient supplies for subsistence. Travel
is rapid despite numerous wrecks and abandoned vehicles.

9. Cities. Cities are large metropolitan areas. Metroplexes are areas
formerly populated by at least five million souls. Large metropoli are
areas formerly of at least one million, and small metropoli had well in
excess of a hundred thousand inhabitants. Small metropoli tend to be
even smaller in the west. The cities are the stomping grounds of a wide
variety of social groups, some benign, others quite unsavory. Supplies
are plentiful, but can be exhausted. The larger the metropolis, the more
inexhaustable the sustenance. Travel is no problem, there are a
multitude of highways and byways which allow easy bypass of the streets
choked with wrecks and abandoned vehicles.

10. Oilfields. Oilfields are areas in which petroleum was king.
Roadgangs battle daily for access to the vast supplies of fuel still
available there.

11. Swamp. Swamp represents tracts of soft, treacherous, wet, and slimy
land. Swamps are not hospitable to wheeled vehicles.

12. Long Island. Long Island may be entered only by the New York City
metroplex.

13. Cape Cod. Vehicles cannot drive across Cape Cod Bay, so access is
via the farmlands due west of the Cape.

14. Devastated Areas. These sites of cities formerly destroyed by nukes
are unpleasant at best. There is little to be gained in these desolate
places. Mutants are a constant danger.

15. Coasts, Small Islands, Cays, and others. These areas consist mainly
of water. See Water.

B. Winter
December, January, and February bring unpleasant road conditions to the
northern portion of the map. Operations are slowed to a crawl.


V. VEHICLES

A. Vehicle Attributes

The basic attributes of each type of vehicle are given in the Vehicle
Table.

The attributes that may be modified during play appear in the vehicle
status section of the Gang Status Report.. Type the command letter "G"
to view the report.

If a vehicle attribute does not appear in the vehicle status report on
the screen, it cannot be modified during play.

1. Mass. Capacity and weight of a vehicle.

2. Structure. The vehicle's resistance to physical destruction.

3. Maximum Speed. The maximum speed of the vehicle in MPH. Maximum speed
   can be reduced by the loss of tires during combat.

4. Maneuverability. The ability to turn.

5. Braking. The ability to slow down.

6. Acceleration. The ability to speed up.

7. Missile Factors. The maximum number of crew who may fire through each
   facing of a vehicle.

8. Missile Protection. The amount of cover the vehicle affords against
   enemy fire through each facing.

9. Volleys. If the vehicle carries a sufficient crew, this is the number
   of times a vehicle's crew may fire during each fire phase. You can
   have either 1 or 2 volleys.

10. Tires. The number of tires possessed by a vehicle in good working
    order. Vehicles with 0 tires have treads or extremely heavy tires.

11. Boarding Factors. Dependent on facing and location in or on the
    vehicle, this is the maximum number of crew who may board enemy
    vehicles or transfer within or among friendly vehicles.

12. Interior Crew Capacity. The maximum number of crew who may ride
    inside the vehicle.

13. Topside Crew Capacity. The maximum number of crew who may ride atop
    the vehicle.

14. Fuel Consumption. The amount of fuel the vehicle requires to move
    once. The vehicle may carry in its fuel tank fuel equal to twice
    its fuel consumption (that is, the amount required to move twice)
    without taking up space in its carrying capacity.


B. Maintenance

1. Structural Damage. Vehicles may sustain structural damage during
combat with enemy vehicles. This damage may be repaired at various body
shops located while looting.

2. Flat Tires. Tires may be lost during combat. These can be repaired
after combat. Repair requires that your gang carry a sufficient number
of replacement tires.

C. Improvements

Vehicles may be improved during play by the discovery of certain special
locations while looting. Some enemy road gangs may drive improved
vehicles.


VI. SUPPLIES

A. Carrying Capacity

Each vehicle can carry an amount of supplies equal to the number of
Spaces in its carrying capacity. The total capacity of the gang's
vehicles is displayed in the Gang Status Report. Each unit of supply of
Food, Tires, Fuel, Guns, and Medical Supply takes up one Space of the
total capacity. Ammo and Antitoxin take up no spaces. The Fuel needed
for two moves is stored in a vehicle's tank; this amount is not
displayed on the status report and does not take up Space.

B. Consumption

Each night each member of your gang eats one unit of food. Each time
your gang moves, its vehicles consume fuel equal to the fuel consumption
figure given in the Gang Status Report. Healers require various amounts
of medical supplies in exchange for their services. Tires are consumed
in repairing battle damage. Every time a member of your gang fires a
gun, one round of ammo is expended.

C. Caches

You may stash up to 255 units each of Food, Tires, Firearms, Fuel, and
Medical Supplies in each metropolitan area. Supplies may be transferred
freely between your gang's supplies and your cache while in the area in
which the supplies have been stored.


VII. PEOPLE

A. Gang Members

1. Quality. Almost all of the people you encounter will be rated
armsmaster, bodyguard, commando, dragoon, or escort, in order of
decreasing effectiveness. A member's quality reflects the likelihood of
that member's survival in all events.

2. Recruiting. Gang members may be recruited by searching for people and
sending envoys. The higher the quality of the prospective gang member,
the less likely he is to join your gang.

3. Cronies. A crony can be of invaluable aid in your travels. Only one
of each specialty can travel with you; therefore, when you encounter and
accept a new one into your gang, your former specialist leaves. Each
crony practices his trade with a different degree of skill.

a. DOCTOR. If your gang includes a doctor, its casualties in foot combat
are reduced and fewer men are lost to disease and accident. The quality
of your doctor determines his effectiveness. You must judge his skill
from the results of his work.

b. DRILL SARGEANT. If your gang includes a drill sargeant, its losses to
desertion and recklessness are decreased and the number of men promoted
is increased. The quality of your drill sargeant determines his
effectiveness.

c. POLITICIAN. If your gang includes a politician, he can serve as your
envoy and liaison with bureaucrats. He is your mouthpiece and can talk
himself out of a cannibal's mouth (sometimes) or even talk a lesser
politician out of offering to join you.

B. Encounters

1. Agents and Scientists. While searching for people, you may encounter
agents. They are unlikely to reveal themselves under normal conditions.
Similarly, you may find scientists, who will introduce themselves at the
right moment.

2. Healers. The healers are the remnants of the medical community. Bound
together by their common oath, they have gathered into informal research
groups to aid the sick and injured and seek remedies for the disease.
They ask only to be supplied with medical goods and to be left alone.
They heal all who seek their services. The healers have developed an
assortment of antitoxins to cure the mutant infections. They live
primarily in cities where their needs for research materials can be met
more easily.

3. Footgang Commands

a. SENDING ENVOYS. A dangerous mission, but the best way to gain
recruits. Showing strength may be beneficial. If you have a good
politician, you may not need to send troops. Note: If you send 0 envoys
you are returned to the previous menu.

b. FIRING A VOLLEY. This is the ultimate show of strength. It tends to
cause bad feelings among the recipients.

c. WAITING. Waiting may be taken by some as a sign of weakness.

d. LEAVING. Leaving is understood by all as a sign of weakness.


4. Footgangs

a. MERCENARIES. Soldiers of fortune, mercenaries are groups of
well-trained ex-military types. It is dangerous to quarrel with them,
but it is seldom necessary as they generally are willing to ally with a
stronger gang. Never insult a mercenary band.

b. STREET GANGSTERS. A street gang includes a mixture of stout followers
and camp followers, but usually has a strong, intelligent leader.

c. ARMED RABBLE. Pillagers and rapists, armed rabble are a scummy lot
with little to recommend their company.

d. THE NEEDY. Mobs of starving and pitiful souls. Any one of them might
give his life for a mouthful of food.

e. CANNIBALS. These throwbacks have solved the food problem. They are
wily ones, fond of ambushing envoy parties. The scum of the earth.

5. Residents

a. LAWFUL NATIONAL GUARDSMEN. A few cities are still under martial law
imposed by isolated national guard units containing well-armed and
well-trained troopers.

b. RENEGADE NATIONAL GUARDSMEN. These mutinous bands of armed and
dangerous soldiers prey on all who are unfortunately enough to enter
their cities.

c. LOCAL GANGSTERS. Some cities have come under the control of
intelligently led large gangs.

d. BUREAUCRATS. Occasionally, local governments maintain control of
their municipalities with the aid of local law enforcement agencies.
Gangs who pass through must pay tolls in most of these places.

e. SURVIVALISTS. Knots of hard-core survivalists, trigger-happy and
dangerous, have followings in some cities.

f. THE REBORN. These are pleasant folk with a single aim, to live in
peace. They never provoke a fight, and anything they have is yours for
the asking.

g. SATANISTS. Skulking bushwhackers, these bands want to be left alone
to practice their ways. They use passersby for target practice and seek
victims for their rites.

h. THE MOB. The country's second government holds a few cities... They
don't like intruders muscling in on their action.

i. INVADERS. These soldiers from other shores have some degree of
control in all coastal and southwestern areas. Despising all road gangs
for their undisciplined tactics, the invaders are very dangerous.

6. Mutants

These are the diseased, psychotic zombies who want to tear all healthy
people to bits. Roaming quietly at night only, they are very dangerous.

7. Road Gangs

a. ARMED RABBLE. Some of these no-accounts can actually operate a motor
vehicle. To be found in all areas, they are more annoying than
dangerous.

b. RENEGADE NATIONAL GUARDSMEN. These bands are more common in the
hinterlands Their excellent armament makes them dangerous foes.

c. CANNIBALS. Ever see a slime drive a car? These vermin fit the bill.
Poorly armed and led, they are easily dispatched.

d. TURF GANGS. There are a number of gangs which have claimed certain
locales. A gang will contest the claim of any rival road gang which
infringes on its territory. Most are well armed, and many drive modified
vehicles. Their training is above average.


VIII. ROAD COMBAT

A. Modes of Combat Resolution

There are three modes of road combat resolution: abstract, tactical, and
quick. When a rival road gang is encountered, the computer prompts fight
detailed road combat? If you respond N, the resolution is abstract and
very fast and bloody. If you respond Y, the computer prompts you to
insert the back of the game disk. Deployment occurs, and is followed by
either tactical combat resolution or quick combat resolution at the
player's option.

B. Deployment

1. Crewing Vehicles

a. auto-deployment. The computer places all of your men in vehicles.
They are distributed among your vehicles as evenly as possible based on
the quality of your troops. Guns are distributed to as many vehicles as
possible. Following auto-deployment, you have an opportunity to adjust
the troop and weapon allocations as you choose.

b. manual deployment. You must manually allocate weapon types for each
vehicle for each volley. For this purpose, one half the crew constitutes
a volley.

Note: When using manual deployment or when adjusting after
auto-deployment, weapon types may not be altered until all troops are
allocated. When the crew of a vehicle is changed, that vehicle's weapon
types will be reset to crossbows.

2. Deploying Vehicles on the Tactical Map

a. deployment area. All vehicles must be deployed in spaces with an X
coordinate of 10 through 19. There is no such limitation on the Y
coordinate.

b. restrictions. Vehicles may never  be deployed on trees, oil derricks,
rocks, fences, wrecks, water, or buildings. In farmland, vehicles never
may be deployed in mud or tilled fields. In cities and on highways,
vehicles may be deployed only on roads.

C. Movement on the Tactical Map

1. Viewing the Tactical Map. During any friendly movement turn, you may
view the map by activating the viewing mode cursor. To activate the
cursor, press a number key from 1-8. Subsequently, each time you press a
number key, the cursor moves and the map scrolls to enable viewing the
entire area. Exit viewing mode by pressing Q to continue moving
vehicles.

2. Changing Speed. A vehicle may accelerate or brake, but never both in
one move. All changes must be completed before a vehicle moves. Changing
speeds may be interspersed with turning maneuvers.

3. Maneuvering. A vehicle's maneuverability represents the number of
45-degree turns the vehicle may execute in a single move.
Maneuverability is reduced by 1 for every 30 MPH or fraction thereof by
which the vehicle's speed exceeds 30 MPH. Maneuverability is reduced in
proportion to the fraction of tires lost. An unmoving vehicle never can
maneuver. A vehicle with a speed of 10 MPH can maneuver freely.

4. Moving. Vehicles can move only one space straight ahead in each move.
Movement ends a vehicle's turn, therefore all changes of speed and
turning maneuvers should be completed prior to moving.

5. Terrain Effects

a. speed loss. When a vehicle enters any terrain, except roads, it may
have a 10 MPH loss in speed. Roads never cause a loss of speed.

b. fishtailing. A vehicle entering mud chances losing traction and
swerving to a different facing.

c. collisions. Vehicles which attempt to enter terrain such as rocks,
oil derricks, trees, wrecks, or buildings are halted and suffer
structural damage and possibly destruction. Fences and cacti also cause
structural damage, but the vehicle destroys the obstacle and is not
halted.

d. water. Driving a vehicle into water is a sure way to lose the vehicle
and all aboard.

D. Ramming

Whenever a vehicle attempts to enter a space occupied by another vehicle
(friendly or enemy), a ram occurs. Both vehicles may receive structural
damage, and either or both may be destroyed.

1. Structural Damage. The amount of structural damage incurred by each
vehicle in a ram depends on the speeds, masses, and relative facings of
the vehicles involved. The faster the speeds of the vehicles, the
greater the damage. Head-on rams are most destructive, broadside rams
are average, and front-to-rear rams are least destructive. In any ram,
each vehicle is damaged in inverse proportion to the ratio of its mass
to the mass of the other vehicle. All vehicles have reinforced front
ends and therefore receive half damage if ramming, or if rammed head-on.

2. Speed Alterations. Either or both vehicles involved in a ram may
suffer a change in speed.

3. Overruns. If one vehicle involved in a ram outmasses the other by a
great deal, the smaller vehicle may simply disintegrate and the larger
experience little effect.

E. Fire Combat

1. Volleys. In fire combat, most vehicles may fire two volleys. Each
volley must be fired through a different facing. If all men fire in the
first volley, a second volley is not allowed.

2. Facing. Each volley must be directed through either the left, right,
front, or back facing of the vehicle. The number of men who may fire in
a volley depends on this facing.

3. Line of Sight. Vehicles cannot see or fire through trees or
buildings. To check the line of sight of a vehicle, press a facing key
while holding down the control key.

4. Weapon Types. There are two types of projectile weapons: crossbows
and guns. Crossbows have a maximum range of 5 spaces. Guns have a
maximum range of 10 spaces and are more accurate than crossbows at equal
ranges. Both types suffer attenuation of accuracy due to range. Men
armed with guns resort to crossbows if all ammo has been expended.

5. Tires. Tires may be lost due to fire combat. A loss affects the
maneuverability and maximum speed of the vehicle.

6. Missile Protection. Each vehicle affords various degrees of
protection for its crew dependent on the facing through which the fire
is received. The higher the protection factor, the better the
protection. Protection 5 equals complete protection.

Note: Tires have protection 4.


F. Boarding Combat

1. Limitations on Boarding. Men may board only vehicles which are
horizontally or vertically adjacent or directly in front of or behind.
See figure below.

Bd = Legal Boarding/Transfer Locations

                         Bd
      Bd
        #  Bd           ####
       ###              ####
      #####             ####
  Bd ##### Bd       Bd  ####  Bd
    #####               ####
     ###                ####
   Bd #                 ####
       Bd
                         Bd

Men may be killed attempting to board enemy vehicles. There never may be
more boarders on a vehicle than its total crew capacity. This limitation
does not include the vehicle's crew in calculating the maximum allowable
boarders. At least one interior crewman must stay aboard each friendly
vehicle.

2. Order of Combat. In boarding combat, boarders, topside crew, and
interior crew attack in a set order. First, the vehicle's topside crew
attack any boarders. Next, boarders attack topside crew. If no topside
crew remain, the boarders attack the vehicle's interior crew instead.
Finally, interior crewmen attack any remaining boarders. A round of
combat may end with both crew and boarders still aboard the vehicle.
Combat is continued in the next boarding combat segment.

3. Vehicle Captures. When all crew have been eliminated and boarders
still remain, the vehicle may be captured. When a vehicle is captured,
any remaining boarders become its crew and the vehicle may move freely
in the next movement segment.

4. Crew Transfers. Any vehicle which has no enemy boarders aboard may
transfer crew between the interior and topside locations of that
vehicle. If no enemy boarders are on a vehicle which is horizontally or
vertically adjacent to a second friendly vehicle, or if the second
vehicle is directly in front of or behind the first, the first vehicle
may transfer crew to the second. Men may be killed in attempting to
transfer between friendly vehicles. In all crew transfers, crew
limitations of the receiving vehicle may not be exceeded. At least one
interior crewman must stay aboard each friendly vehicle.

G. Aftermath. Road gangs carry significant amounts of supplies. These
supplies become available to the victor when two gangs clash. If a
winning gang has lost so many vehicles that it cannot carry all of its
supplies, excess supplies are lost at random. Such losses may be
mitigate by picking through the spoils left by the losing gang.

Note: The G, X and D commands are active to aid in balancing supplies
after road combat.


IX. QUICK COMBAT

A. Quick Combat

This is a representation of tactical combat; it can be resolved much
more quickly. All aspects of fire combat and ramming are as explained in
the tactical combat section. The major differences are a lack of
boarding combat and a lack of the ability to capture enemy vehicles.
During quick combat, all vehicles are considered to be driving at
maximum speed.

1. Delay Length. The higher the delay, the longer the display will
remain on the screen. Quick combat may be paused by pressing any key and
then resumed by pressing any key.

2. Ram Ratio. This determines the size of enemy vehicles which your
vehicles ram. A ram ratio of 1 means your vehicle rams vehicles of equal
or lesser mass. A ram ratio of 2 means your vehicle rams vehicles of
half of your mass or less. A ram ratio of 1/2 means your vehicle rams
vehicles up to twice your mass, etc.

3. Aiming Priority. Prior to quick combat, you are prompted to enter a
priority for each location (topside, interior, or tires) for your
group's fire. Each number you assign must be from 1 to 8. The total of
the three numbers must be exactly 10.


X. MISCELLANEOUS

A. Controlling Cities

One method of avoiding residential encounters is to take control of one
or more cities. If a city is controlled by a rival faction, your gang
must best them in combat, sometimes repeatedly, to usurp power. The
smaller cities are less desirable and therefore easier to control.

B. Radio Direction Finder

It is possible to gain possession of a Radio Direction Finder during
play. The RDF may be used to locate the ultra-secret, elusive
scientists. To activate the RDF, press the U key. To select a
scientist's homer to be locked into, press 1 or 2.

C. Command Limitations

At the beginning of a game, your gang may possess a maximum of 6
vehicles. After that, whenever you complete a tactical (not abstract or
quick) combat with a rival road gang, this maximum is increased by 1.
The absolute maximum number of vehicles your gang may possess is 15.

Note: Vehicles lost during tactical combat still apply toward this
maximum until the conclusion of the combat.

D. Surprises

You may encounter surprises during your tenure as ganglord. Some are
pleasant, others unpleasant. They might be specialty shops, side trips,
and/or cities of special interest.


XI. PLAYERS' NOTES

The following notes were excerpted from the logs of notorious gang
leaders.

A. "Ace" Nader, leader of the AAA

Dec. 4, 1999. These up-and-coming road gangs are a blessing in disguise.
They don't realize they are just dogmeat for any real gang. I call them
"welcome wagons," 'cause they keep my gang supplied with food, guns,
fuels... what have you. They even deliver!

Dec. 9, 1999. Forget what I said before. Ran into a real gang today.
Called themselves the L.A. Skulls. Put up a real good fight. We barely
had time to salvage their supplies when reinforcements arrived. They
chased us all the way to Modesto!

B. "Rocco" Scalesi, leader pro-tem of the AAA

Dec. 28, 1999. Ace bit the big one today. We ran into a heavily armored
gang, even bigger than us. Ace forgot to duck, and even Doc White
couldn't save him.

C. Elihu Lopez, leader of Dos Exis

The road from Spokane to Fargo was the back breaker of 'em all. Me'n 400
boys left Spokane in 10 vehicles, 5 of them big rigs and nothin'
smaller'n a limo. When we got to Fargo, there were 80 of us in one semi.
What a ride!

The worst stretch was north of Denver when we ran out of gas. We
searched for two days solid and nuthin'! Then, all of a sudden, we
Eureka'ed a fuel storage tank and we were cruisin' again.

D. J. J. Jennings, leader of the Stockton Rollers

Starting out was the hardest. I remember when there was just me and 6 or
8 good old boys in the Rollers. We started with 1 hot rod.

I was thankful for the advice given me by B.O., the former leader, after
I had bested him to take command. "First," he said,  "you'll need more
wheels. As many as you can find. Then get a couple dozen good boys to
watch your back. Don't let your gang get to big, though, until you have
a bunch of food.

"Once you've got plenty of vehicle space and food, start hiring troops.
Watch your food, but gather a couple hundred men at least.

"Be real careful of the invaders. Scout every town and if you find those
SOBs, clear out and fast.

"The last important thing is to know where the healers hang out in the
area you're in. If there are no healers, it's time to move."

E. Tom "Tow-Away" Jones, leader of Repo Men

First of all, you gotta get yerself sompin' big, lak a bus or semi, even
a bulldozer. One o' them kin carry more'n its weight in supply. Then git
some dudes, some crack shots, not some namby-pamby tenderfoots. Sure, ya
ask 'em ta join and then send da' worst of 'em on a wild goose chase
scoutin' or sumpin'. Keep an eye on yer gang, lots of things can go
wrong if yer short of food or medicin'. Set up yer caches early. That
way ya won't have to go muckin' around, searchin' for sumpin' ya need.

Pay 'ttention to what yer at, too. If yer stompin' around near the
Arctic Circle in fall, don't be surprised if it takes the whole winter
ta git down to places whar ya won't have ta shovel out the freeway. An'
find out who's in charge when ya come into a new town. It's safer to go
looking fer you. 'Sides, it's polite. Oh, yeah, and when ya git into a
tangle onna road, ya otta take real good care of yer vehicles. Don't go
screamin' down a road at a hunnerd miles an hour cause all they need ta
do is stick out a foot an' boom! yer dead.

Set up yer cars in a checkerboard pattern ta give ya more whadayacallum
flexibility. Remember the more roadfights ya really command, the better
ya'll git. So when you hit some o' the really nasty road gangs lak the
Muthuh Truckers or the Hot Rod Lincolns, ya won't git creamed.

Keep in there. Keep on truckin' and ya might end up as king of the road.

F. Gorgeous George Guttierez, leader of the Marauders

What should I do? My men are starving and I am low on on fuel! Should I
loot the town with the Nat'l guard around? Or should I take my chances
with a feudal road gang!

My men have come a long way from a bunch of dragoons! Now I've got some
well-trained body guards and a few elite armsmasters. Though I have some
well-trained men, my attrition rate has been unusually high! There are
only 28 men left out of my once loaded Mack crew.

I found 2 different foundries with enough workable steel between the two
to build up some protection for my men on top. But now I need to find
food. I decided to go south along the highway till I find a farm. I once
heard there are a lot of them in California.

Since I keep my group compact in one car, it's easier for me to avoid
the bigger gangs with more cars. Since my group is well trained, I beat
all the groups that are my size. My group, however, would not be so well
trained if I had not passed by Cheyenne Mtn. in the Midwest and found
that military man.

Yesterday, I was talking to Ace, leader of Triple A, and I was telling
him how dangerous it was driving only one vehicle. Thanks to some great
welding jobs my crew did in Chicago, my truck has taken some head-on
collisions and has come out OK.

G. Jammer Jacques, leader of the Paris 8 Gang
To My Trusted Lieutenants -- to be read after my death

July 10, 2000. We haven't been together very long, but I realize how
dangerous it is to travel these days. We've lost many friends and
followers in numerous battles, but have somehow managed to gain new
recruits. Now that I'm gone, allow me to emphasize certain important
facts which will help you toward reaching your goal.

Fuel is your most precious commodity. Never carry so many other supplies
that you have to scrimp on fuel.

Certain places are much more dangerous than others. Follow your survival
instincts and avoid prolonged stays in the most dangerous areas.

Try to train, arm, and protect your people, especially the more able
ones. They are harder to replace than vehicles.

Try to maintain a balance between the size and strength of your group
and its mobility.

                                 CREDITS

                        Game Design & Programming
                            Jeffrey A. Johnson

                             Game Development
                  Robert W. Calfee & Jeffrey A. Johnson

                               Playtesting
             Jim McPherson, George Guttierez & Jim Stuhlbarg

             Customize Disk Operating System (Apple version)
                            Roland Gustafsson

                           Art & Graphic Design
              Louis Hsu Saekow, Kathryn Lee & Ben Willemsen

                               Typesetting
                         Abra Type & Kathryn Lee

                                 Printing
                      A&a Printers and Lithographers


APPENDIX

{pictures of tactical combat icons}


LIST OF REGIONS

REGION #1 -- CANADA
City            Controlled by   Notes
---------       -------------   -----
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Windsor
Toronto
Hamilton
Ottawa
Montreal
Quebec

REGION #2 -- MEXICO
City            Controlled by   Notes
-------------   -------------   -----
Tijuana
Mexicali
Hermosillo
Durango
Torreon
Monterrey
Chihuahua
Cuidad Juarez

REGION #3 -- CALIFORNIA
City                                    Controlled by   Notes
--------------------------------        -------------   -----
Sacramento
Santa Rosa
San Francisco/Oakland
San Jose/Mtn. View
Stockton
Fresno
Bakersfield
Oxnard/Simi Valley/Ventura
Los Angeles
Anaheim/Santa Ana/Garden Grove
Riverside/San Bernardino/Ontario
San Diego
Modesto
Salinas/Monterey/Seaside
Santa Barbara/Lompoc/Santa Maria
Napa/Vallejo/Fairfield
Visalia

REGION #4 -- WEST CENTRAL U.S.
City                    Controlled by   Notes
--------------------    -------------   -----
Las Vegas
Salt Lake City
Colorado Springs
Denver
Fargo
Omaha
Wichita
Tulsa
Oklahoma City
Minneapolis/St. Paul
Kansas City
Provo
Lincoln

REGION #5 -- NORTHWEST U.S.
City                    Controlled by   Notes
------------------      -------------   -----
Seattle
Tacoma
Portland
Spokane
Eugene/Springfield
Salem
Boise
Reno

REGION #6 -- NORTH CENTRAL U.S.
City                    Controlled by   Notes
----------------------- -------------   -----
Louisville
St. Louis
Milwaukee
Chicago
Gary/Hammond/E. Chicago
Indianapolis
Grand Rapids
Flint
Detroit
Toledo
Dayton
Cincinnati
Columbus
Akron
Cleveland
Youngstown/Warren

REGION #7 -- SOUTH
City                                    Controlled by   Notes
---------------------------------       -------------   -----
New Orleans
Memphis
Nashville
Birmingham
Richmond
Norfolk/Va. Beach/Portsmouth
Raleigh/Durham
Greensboro/Winston-Salem/High Pt.
Charlotte
Greenville
Atlanta
Jacksonville
Tampa/St. Petersburg
Orlando
W. Palm Beach/Boca Raton
Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood
Miami

REGION #8 -- NORTHEAST U.S.
City                            Controlled by   Notes
-----------------------------   -------------   -----
Pittsburgh
Buffalo
Rochester
Syracuse
Albany/Schenectady/Troy
Springfield/Chickopee/Holyoke
Boston
Providence/Warwick/Pawtuckett
Hartford
New York City
Newark
Scranton
Allentown
Philadelphia
Wilmington
Baltimore
Washington, D.C.

REGION #9 -- BORDER STATES
City                    Controlled by   Notes
----------------------  -------------   -----
Phoenix
Tucson
El Paso
Albuquerque
Dallas/Ft. Worth
Austin
San Antonio
Corpus Christi
Houston
Beaumont
Amarillo
Brownsville
Lubbock
McAllen/Phar/Edinburgh
Waco
Temple/Killeen
















                           MASTER COMMAND LIST

A = Abandon Vehicle
C = Scout the City
D = Drop Supplies
E = Empire Status
F = Fix Tires
G = Gang Status Report
H = Heal Sick with Antitoxin
I = Initialize Save-Game Disk
K = Check Contents of Cache
L = Search for Loot
M = Manpower Report
P = Search for People
Q = Quit Game
R = Recall Saved Game
S = Save Game to Disk
T = Transfer Supplies to/from Cache
U = Use Radio Direction Finder (RDF)
V = Search for Vehicles
W = Damage Report (Tactical Combat Only)
X = Examine Supplies
Number keys (1-8) = Moves in Indicated Direction


                                                        MISSILE
                                              MISSILE   PROTECTION
                                               FACTOR   FACTOR
                    SIZE MS ST MX  MN BR AC  L/R  F  B  L/R F B
Motorcycle *         S   1  3  100 4  2  2    2   2  2  0   2 0
Sidecar *            S   2  5  60  4  2  2    3   3  3  0/1 2 2
Compact Conv.        S   3  8  80  3  2  1    3   2  2  1   1 1
Compact H.T.         S   3  8  70  3  2  1    4   4  4  2   2 2
Midsize Conv.        M   5  13 90  2  2  1    3   2  3  1   1 1
Midsize H.T.         M   5  13 80  2  2  1    4   5  6  2   2 2
Sports Car Conv.     S   4  10 120 3  2  2    3   2  3  1   1 1
Sports Car H.T.      S   4  10 120 3  2  2    4   4  4  2   2 2
Station Wagon        M   6  15 80  2  2  1    6   5  6  2   2 2
Limousine            M   8  20 100 2  2  1    6   5  6  2   2 2
Van                  M   7  18 70  2  2  1    8   5  6  2   2 2
Pickup Truck         M   9  23 80  2  2  1    6   4  3  1   2 1
Offroad Conv.        M   6  15 70  2  2  1    2   2  2  1   1 1
Offroad H.T.         M   6  15 70  2  2  1    3   3  3  2   2 2
Bus                  L   14 35 70  1  1  1    26  3  5  2   2 2
Tractor *            M   10 25 40  2  1  1    3   3  3  0   1 0
Construction Veh. *  L   18 45 30  2  1  1    4   4  4  0   1 0
Flatbed Truck        L   16 40 80  1  1  1    14  4  4  0   2 0
Trailer Truck        L   20 50 80  1  1  1    14  4  8  5   2 0



                        BOARDING    CREW
                         FACTOR   CAPACITY           CARRYING
                    TRS L/R F  B  INT. EXT.    FUEL  CAPACITY
Motorcycle *        2   1   0  1   2    0       1       5
Sidecar *           3   1   0  1   3    0       1       20
Compact Conv.       4   1/2 0  2   6    0       2       45
Compact H.T.        4   0/1 2  0   4    4       2       45
Midsize Conv.       4   2/3 0  3   8    0       3       125
Midsize H.T.        4   1/2 2  0   5    6       3       125
Sports Car Conv.    4   2/3 0  2   6    0       4       80
Sports Car H.T.     4   0/1 2  0   4    4       4       80
Station Wagon       4   2/3 3  3   8    9       3       180
Limousine           4   1/2 3  3   8    9       4       320
Van                 4   0/3 3  3   11   12      3       245
Pickup Truck        4   4/5 0  3   14   2       4       405
Offroad Conv.       4   1/2 0  2   4    0       4       180
Offroad H.T.        4   0/1 2  0   4    2       4       180
Bus                 6   0/2 10 0   51   51      10      980
Tractor *           T   2   0  2   3    0       6       500
Construction Veh. * T   3   0  3   4    0       10      1620
Flatbed Truck       14  6/7 0  4   51   2       8       1280
Trailer Truck       18  0   10 5   51   50      10      2000


Abbreviations and terms:
MS = Mass; ST = Structure; MX = Max speed in MPH; MN = Maneuverability;
BR = Braking; AC = Acceleration; L/R = Left or right facing; F = Front
facing; B = Back facing; T = Topside facing

Size: The facing icon used to represent a vehicle in tactical combat is
dependent on the size of the vehicle.

Missile Factor is the number of crew which can fire in a given
direction.

Missile Protection Factor is the armor protecting the interior crew. It
may be improved. Top armor starts at zero.

TRS is the number of tires the vehicle uses. `T' indicates treads which
may not be destroyed.

Fuel is the amount of fuel consumed by the vehicle during strategic
movement. Twice this value may be carried in its tanks.

*: May fire one volley only during any fire phase. All other vehicles
may fire two volleys if crew permits.

