SpaceFox

for 1.25MB IIgs  from Seven Hills
joystick required; stereo board and two 3.5" drives or hard disk recommended

Mission is to destroy The Brain at level 10. Features 16-voice stereo music
 and effects. (Over 1MB of background music is included).

Ship

You begin with a basic craft fitted with a forward-shooting cannon (two slow
 shots), a medium shield, and a medium fuel tank.  When tank is empty, the
 ship explodes and you lose all equipment gained since last docking at a
 space station. You are allowed 5 ships; and you can gain additional ships
 by collecting "ship bonuses" (5 SB's = another ship). 

Controls

Joystick controls movement and speed. Button 0 is FIRE current weapon.
 Button 1 activates the shield.

Keyboard controls are ...

ESC ...	Pause
1 ....	Select weapon #1 (at start this is your only weapon)
2 ...	Sel W2 Parallel Shots
3 ...	Sel W3 Split Shots
4 ...	Sel W4 Reverse Shots
5 ...	Sel W5 Laser
6 ...	Sel W6 Auto Aim
CTRL-M 	Music ON/OFF
CTRL-R	Restart game
CTRL-Q	Quit
CTRL-T 	Switch between 50Hz & 60HZ (Warning use only if you
            have 50/60 monitor)


Bonus Objects (to collect a bonus item your ship must touch it)

Fuel	      	inc fuel
Tank	      	inc tank capacity
Shield bonus	inc shield energy
Shield extend	inc shield capacity
Extra Shot   	inc number of shots weapon can fire
Shotspeed   	inc shot speed
New Weapon  	adds a new weapon
Ship Bonus  	catch 5 of these to obtain an extra ship
others		???


Space Stations

At end of each level you can dock at a station. A station recharges
 your shields and reports your weapons to your commanders (i.e. acts
 like a 'game save' for your ship). If your ship gets zapped in the
 next level, the replacement ship will have the same features.


Bad Guys

Smarty	10 points	easy to kill
Scooby	20 points	cannon & radar (can only shoot once)
Meteors	100 points	takes 10 shots to kill (sometimes contain neat items)
Valchy	300 points	well-armored & has powerful reloading weapon (often
			 carries a bonus)

Note: You will usually get a bonus for wiping out all baddies in
      a group or "wave".

Scores: the Top 100 are saved to disk.


Levels

1	Start
2	Meteors
3	The Enemy Base
4	Worms
5	Hyperspace
6	The Slimer
7	Technology
8	Fire Planet
9	Ice Cave
10	The Brain  (to WIN you must defeat The Brain in the final duel)



R/

