        SPY vs SPY
        ----------


SIMULVISION utilizes a revolutionary splitscreen display
depicting both players
activities simultaneously! Even while playing alone against the
computer, you
get to see what the other wise-SPY is up to.

SIMULPLAY lets both players play... you guessed it!
Simultaneously. No more
need to wait your turn as you travel throughout a selectable,
yet randomly
generated maze of interconnection rooms. While setting and
defusing
booby-traps, engaging in hand-to-hand combat, searching for the
Top Secret
briefcase (guess its not secret anymore) and looking for the
only way out, you
must collect your passport, secret plans, money, and a key in
order to escape
from the foreign embassy before your plane take off without you.
Like alfred E.
Neuman says, "If at first you don't succeed at first... SPY, SPY
again."

GAME OPTIONS:

When SPY vs SPY has finished loading into your computer, you
will be presented
with OPTION screen.

Located inside the top room you will be able to select and
modify the following
options:

1. Number of players 2. Difficulty level 3. 'Intelligence
Quotient' of the
computer (one player version only) 4. Airport exit revealed or
until the end.

STARTING:

With your joystick or appropriate keys, move your cursor, up and
down, to any
of the options. By moving the joystick right or left you can
select one or two
player mode, difficulty level, and I.Q. of the computer (only
available in one
player
mode.)

               CONTROLS
               --------
MOVEMENT:

The rooms that you are in are three dimensional. Pushing the JOYSTICK forward
will move you towards the rear of the room. Pulling the JOYSTICK right or left
will move you right or left. If you move from room to room, you will notice
that a Movement Status Indicator bar (located below your room) is scrolling
from right to left and being updated with each new room you have entered. These
symbols can show you how to go back to where you've come from. For examples, if
you move one room to the right and two rooms back, you will see, reading from
right to left, two "down" arrows and one "left" arrow. To find your way back,
follow the arrows reading from left to right, deleting each arrow until you
return to the room in which you started. See "Bread Crumbs"

OBJECT MANIPULATION:

First, move within range of any object (you will hear a short tone and see a
flash). Then press the Joysrick button. Any object within a room can be opened
or lifted and may reveal one of the hidden items you are looking for. If you're
not so lucky, it will activate a BOOBY TRAP, blowing you to smithereens....

OPENING DOORS:

Again, move within range if any closed door. Press the JOYSTICK button and the
door will
open.

        KEYS AND THEIR FUNCTIONS
        ------------------------

KEY     USE
----    ------------------------------
K       Move left
L       Move right
A       Move back or up
Z       Move forward or down
Q       Access trapulator
S       Toggle music on/off
SPACE   Press to open or close a door
        To pick up or drop an object
        Select or activate a booby trap
        Start game
        Press once to stop your man,
        again to drop an object.
ESC     Pause game play
CTRL-R  Return to option screen


In Hand-to-Hand combat, use the K,L,A, and Z Keys to move the arm with the club
:
in, out, up, or down, while depressing the CONTROL
Key.

            GAME ELEMENTS
            -------------

SIMULVISION:

The top half monitors the actions of the White Spy, the bottom half depicts the
Black Spy (either player 2 or the computer). The activities of both Spies are
revealed to both players in the rooms shown on the left side of the screen. The
right side is reserved for the Trapulator and its six icons.

SIMULPLAY:

With the clock running at all times, we didn't think it was fair to make
players wait to take turns. So, voila! Simulplay. Since both Spies' activities
take place out in the open, the challenge becomes watching and remembering what
the other Spy does while you go about your business. Simulplay allows players
to engage in club-to-club combat, place booby-traps, chase each other and
generally get in the way.

HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT:

The combat mode exists only when both spies are in the same room. SIMULVISION
ends, and the spy that entered the common room appears on the same screen as
the Spy that was already there. Both spies have the options of attacking,
leaving, or avoiding the other Spy.

In the combat mode, spies cannont search objects, or use the Trapulator (no map
or traps). Doors, however, still work, and so do any traps that might be
connected with them. If spies are not withing range of any object when pushing
the JOYSTICK BUTTON, they wield their clubs with which they can hit the other
Spy on the head or jab him in the stomach. To smash him on the head, the button
is held down while the JOYSTICK is moved from the Up position to the Down
position (swing the club downward). To jab, move the JOYSTICK from left to
right (or right to left, depending on which way the Spy is facing). When the
JOYSTICK BUTTON is first pushed down, the Spy will automatically face his
opponent, regardless of which way he was facing or moving. To move your Spy
during combat, release the button ad move as normal. Hitting the other spy
weakens him, and about 7 solid blows are needed to "Kill" him. However, Spies
will recover strength over a period of time.

If a Spy is carrying anything when he enters a common room, the object is lost
or hidden in the common room, depending on the type of object. Traps and
remedies are lost, while inventory items and the briefcase are hidden somewhere
in the room. The winner of the combat sequence can search the object out, and
either regain or gain possesion.

NOTE: At the beginning of each new game, both Spies will start out in the same
room only a few steps from each other. Soooo, don't become the victim of
SAP-otage... keep your guard up.

TIME:

Both players start out with equal time to travel the maze, collect required
objects, search for the briefcase and exit the embassy before their plane takes
off. However, there are several time penalties. You lose time when you set a
booby-trap, When setting a trap, you will hear several beeps. This will tell
you that the trap was properly set and it reminds you to watch your trapulator,
which will be deducting the appropriate time. However, if you are the victim of
a booby-trap or the loser in a hand-to-hand combat the clock will continue to
count down even though you are 'unconscious'. These losses of time can never be
regained. When time is about to run out the red button on top of the TRAPULATOR
will flash and sound it's warning. Both players can never run out of time at
the same time. Therefore, one player will outlive the other. The surviving
player will continue his search for the briefcase required objects and the
exit. If you are playing against the computer and the computer has time
remaining, you can abort the mission by typing CTRL-R. Even after your spy's
demise, the traps he has set remain. The game is by no means over just because
one player's time has run out. To stop the game or pause, press the ESC key.

BOOBY TRAPS:

As players move through the maze of rooms, they may select any of the five
booby-traps. The booby-trap arsenal contains: Bombs, Springs, Buckets of Water,
Guns with Strings tied to the Trigger and Time Bombs. The Time Bomb needn't be
hidden. In fact, it is activated immediately and is the only booby-trap that
cannot be carried or neutralized! The Gun with a string and the bucket of water
can only be attached to a closed door. All other traps may be placed behind or
in anything found in any room.

Spies can carry traps in and out of rooms, placing them where they wish when
they are ready. Booby-traps are depicted in black while the remedies are shown
in color.

TO PLACE AND SET A TRAP:

1. Press the JOYSTICK button... TWICE! You have just accessed the TRAPULATOR.
Observe the large arrow.

2. Move the large arrow about the Trapulator using the JOYSTICK or KEYBOARD
arrows.

3. Position the arrow of the booby-trap of your choice.

4. Press the JOYSTICK or if you are using the keyboard, the SPACEBAR. The
booby-trap is now held by your spy.

5. Position the Spy in front of the hiding place you have selected.

6. Watch for a brief flash in your Spy's room. This flash indicates the Spy is
properly positioned.

7. Press the JOYSTICK/SPACEBAR. The booby-trap will disappear* and you will
hear the short
'beeps'. These indicate that the trap has been set AND that time
is being
deducted from the time remaining before your flight leaves.

*NOTE:

In the case
of the Gun with a String trap, only the gun will no longer be
visible.
As you move your Spy about the room, the string will stretch and
follow the Spy Position him in front of a closed door, watch for
the flash,
press the Joystick/Spacebar and the trap is set.

Once a trap has been set, EITHER Spy has can set it off! A Time
Bomb will go
off in 15 seconds once selected. Any Spy(s) in the room at the
time of
detonation will be zapped. Unlike other traps, the Timb Bomb is
not set off by
the searching of the Spies. Listen carefully for them. They come
in handy if
you are being chased. The unfortunate Spy will lose 7 seconds of
actual time.
Also, 20 seconds will be deducted from his game time, for a total penalty of 27
gaming seconds. The other player will be awarded bonus points for each trap set
off by the opposition. If the boobytrappee ha been been in possesion of the
briefcase, the other Spy can use this time to attempt to locate the victim and
grab the briefcase.

To add insult to injury, when a player sets off a trap, he gets zapped while
the other Spy laughs hysterically.

REMEDIES:

Except for the Timb Bomb, each of the traps has a disarming remedy hidden
throughout the maze. Each type of remedy is always hidden in the same type of
location. For example, the scissors are used to disarm the Gun with string.
Scissors are only found in the First Aid kits hanging on the back walls. As
with traps, remedies can be picked up and carried from room to room. Spies can
NOT carry more than on thing at a time except inside the
briefcase.

        BOOBY-TRAPS AND REMEDIES
        ------------------------

TRAP       USEABLE   REMEDY    LOCATION
--------   --------  --------  -------- Bomb       All but   Water     Red fire
           Door.     Bucket    box on
                               L. Wall
---------------------------------------
Spring     All but   Wire      White 
           Door.     Cutters   tool box
                               on Right
                               wall.
---------------------------------------
Water      Door      Umbrella  Coat
Bucket     ONLY                Rack
---------------------------------------
Gun with   Door      Scissors  First
String     ONLY                Aid kit
                               on back
                               wall.
---------------------------------------
Time Bomb  ANYWHERE  None!     N/A
---------------------------------------

TRAPULATOR:

Located to the right of each of the rooms is a calculator-like,
state of the
art, Trapulator. It serves four basic functions. You can use it
to SELECT BOOBY
TRAPS; ponpoint your LOCATION, gauge your TIME remaining and
check INVENTORY.

Across the top of the Trapulator is a digital clock which
indicates the time
left until your plane takes off (with or without you)! Below the
clock are six
buttons. On the first 5, selectable booby-traps are indicated.
However, the
sixth button in the lower righthand corner calls up a map of the
embassy you
have broken into. The map will apprear in the room that your spy
is occupying.
The room your Spy is in will be the one blinking on and off.
Rooms filled in
with a color indicate that your Spy has been in that room at
least once. Any
required inventory items are represented by a dot. The map does
NOT tell you
what item or how many are in a particular room, just that
something you are
looking for is there. Finally, the Trapulator displays items you
have
successfully collected as you ready your escape. Its also
indicates if an item
has been taken from you. The item will now appear on th
opposition's
Trapulator. Across the bottom, left to right, should be your
passport, money,
key and the secret plans. The map does NOT show the location of
the other Spy,
nor doesit reaveal anything about te other floor of the embassy
(if there is
one).

INVENTORY:

Your mission being to escape the embassy, Top Secret briefcase
in hand, it is
important to remember that all else is but a mere distraction.
Before time runs
out you must manage to find, fill, and keep the briefcase,
locate the only exit
and board your plane with ALL of the following: PASSPORT,
traveling MONEY, the
KEY, and the secret PLANS.

It is helpful to know that these items are never found in any of
the remedy
locations. Use the briefcase to hold all these items. Carry them
with you or
hide them. There is only on of each in any game. Protect the
briefcase at all
costs. If an item is found and you do not posses the briefcase
your spy will be
carrying a white satchel and the item contained will be flashing
on the
Trapulator.

EXIT:

There is only one way out of each embassy building. The exit
door is marked.
You can NOT leave without all of the required inventory. The
airport guard will
see to that!

SPLIT LEVEL EMBASSIES:

Some of the embassy buildings are two stories high. Your Spy can
climb from
floor to fllor by using the ladders. Holes in the floors are
often hidden by
carpets. Use the JOYSTICK or SPACEBAR to cover/uncover such an
opening. Use the
JOYSTICK OR KEYBOARD to move up or down.

LADDERS AND RUGS:

If you enter a room with a lader, you can activate it by moving
within range
and pressing the JOYSTICK button. Pressing the JOYSTICK button
once will lower
the ladder to ground level, enabling you to move your Spy up the
ladder to the
upper floor. If you do not push your spy up the ladder but push
the JOYSTICK
button a second time, the ladder will raise back up. To climb up
or down, tap
your JOYSTICK once in the appropriate direction. The spy will
move by himself.
Do NOT keep the JOYSTICK forward or back. If you enter a room
with a rug,
standing within range of the rug, pressing the JOYSTICK button
will lift the
rug and reveal a hole. Move your player over the hole and he
will climb down
the ladder to a lower floor. You can cover a hold by standing
near it and again
pressing the JOYSTICK button.

"BREAD CRUMBS":

You can re-trace your steps by using the small character
indicators just below
the front edge of your room. These guides (not available in the
higher levels)
actually point the way back to where you have just come
from!

SCORING:

Points are awarded or deducted for the following:

+80 winning at hand-to-hand

-20 losing at hand-to-hand

+30 fro placing a booby-trap

-80 for being the victim of a trap or airport security guard's
boot

+60 only for stealing other player's inventory item

-70 calling up the help MAP

+40 using a remedy sucessfully

RANKING:

At the conclusion of each game, players will be awarded the
title or rank they
have earned. Bonus points and time penalties are calculated by
the computer.

=END=


