                 ------------------------------
                 - SWORD  OF KADASH SOFT-DOCS -
                  ----------------------------
                   -                        -
                    - WRITTEN BY: THE WHIP -
                     -                    -
                      --------------------


-INTRODUCTION-

     Sword of Kadash, by Chris Cole, is a fantasy action
adventure with real-time animated action that allows you to
develop  your player's skill and power, like a fantasy game, and
presents you with a large world in which to travel, complete
with traps and puzzles, as in an adventure game.
     Your mission is to retrieve the enchanted Sword of Kadash,
which is being kept under guard at the ominous Fortress of the
Dragon.  The guards are of the ferocious type, unpredictable and
deadly.
     During your search you'll meet with strange creatures and
devious traps, magnificent treasures and cursed objects.  It is
up to you to successfully deal with each of your encounters--
good or bad.


-STARTING THE GAME-

 1. Create a Character.

     You must make a copy of the Master Character Disk (side 2
of your game disk) in order to play Swords of Kadash.  If you
die, or damage your character disk, you will have to make a new
copy.  Select the level of play you want for the game (1 is
easiest, 3 is hardest).  Now you will be asked whether you have
one or two drives.  One drive users will have to swap disks
several times.

 2. Enter the Fortress

     Once you have made your character disk, you can press a key
and select option 'B' to start the game.  You will be prompted
to insert your COPY of the Master Character Disk.

 WARNING!!

     Turning off your computer during a game without quitting
first will result in an illegal Character Disk, rendering your
disk useless.  A new copy of your Master Character Disk must
then be made.  To quit a game, press CTRL-Q and wait for the
computer to save your game.  When it is done, you can turn off
your computer.


-CONTROLS-

     The game starts in joystick mode.  Moving the joystick will
move your character around the screen.  Button 0 fires darts,
and button 1 casts a spell.

     If you don't have a joystick, you can press CTRL-K to
activate the Keyboard Mode.  Your character will now move in 8
directions corresponding to the eight keys centered around the
"K" key.

     To fire a dart, press the Spacebar.  To use a spell (which
scares off monsters), press 'RETURN'.  To return to joystick
mode, press CTRL-J.

     Other Keyboard Commands
     -----------------------
     Sound............CTRL-Q
     Pause............ESCAPE
     Suicide..........CTRL-D
     Quit.............CTRL-Q


-DEFINITIONS-

    -Experience- These points are earned as a result of
victories in battle, and treasure you have found.  When you gain
enough experience points, your level will increase.

    -Armour Class- This is used to calculate how much damage you
take from an attack or a trap.

    -Weapon- Tells what weapon you have in your possession.

    -Armour- This shows what type of armour you are wearing.

    -Shield- This space tells you the last object you picked up
or touched.

    -Hit Points- This represents the amount of damage you can
take before dying.

    -Level- This is the measure of your experience.  The higher
yur level is, the better you will do in combat.

    -Spells- Tells how many spells you have.


-WEAPONS-

    -Dagger- Short heavy bladed knife--does the least amount of
damage of all four weapons.

    -Morningstar- A leather-wrapped handle connected by a short
chain to a spiked iron ball.  It is very useful in close combat,
and is a step above a dagger.

    -Axe- This is a deadly sharp curved blade on a heavy wooden
handle.  It is the favorite weapon of iznik warriors, and is
considered to be the next best weapon to a sword.

    -Sword- This is your typical unadorned one-handed
broadsword.  It is considered to be the best weapon for dungeon
combat.

     Some weapons have magical powers that allow you to cause
more damage to a monster when you hit it.  These weapons are
indicated by a +1, +2, +3, or +4 rating after its name, (+1
being the lowest, +4 being the highest).  Acquiring a magic
weapon makes you a more deadly warrior, not necessarily a more
skillful one.


-ARMOUR-

     -Shield- This is a wide wooden plank used to deflect blows
from a monster's weapon, or damage from a trap.

     -Ring- This enchanted item works in the same manner as a
shield, but protects more of your body.

     Some armour has magical qualities that allow you to
withstand attack longer than you normally would.  Magical armour
is indicated by a +1, +2, or +3 rating (+1 being the lowest, +3
being the highest).


-TREASURES-

     -Healer- Could be called a magical first aid box.  With its
mystical properties, a healer can heal you by restoring a
certain number of your HIT POINTS--Caution, some healers have a
tendency to set off very damaging traps.

     -Symbol- An ornamental peice of jewelry similar in
appearance to that of an Egyptian ahnk.  Symbols have the
magical ability to remove curses.

     -Key- Being magnificently jeweled, this object is highly
coveted.

     -Scroll- A parchment containing a magic spell.  This can be
used to scare off monsters making them much easier to kill while
they are running away from you.  When you pick up a scroll, it
will be added to you current number of Spells.

     -Chest- This is a small iron or brass bound wooden box
containing...?  There is no time during battle to find out what
lies within but rumor has it that each chest contains a
different treasure: jewels, gold, chocolate...

     -Diamond Alarm- Does no immediate damage to you, but
releases a trap that does.

     Be advised: not all weapons, armour, or treasure you find
will be helpful to you.  Some itmes are CURSED.  To find out if
the item you have picked up is cursed, just refer to the text
window in the space above HIT POINTS.  Once you pick up a cursed
item, you cannot get rid of it until you find a holy scroll or
symbol.  While carrying a cursed item you will be unable to use
any other items except holy ones.  While cursed your present
weapon and armour become cursed also; they will return to normal
when you get rid of the curse.

----------------------------------------------------------------
          -----> Written by: The Whip  2-12-85 <-----


