
     Dos Toyevski
        and
     Palantir
     Computing
 
     Presents...
 
     War In Russia
 
This is a complicated program and many of the algorithms take much time to
complete. If the screen goes blank during any stage in the game for an 
unseeming amount of time, don't worry. If you are the curious type, from the
main page, play a saved game, then CAT with the original disk in the drive.
Choose all your options then hit <space> to play.
 
     ADJUSTMENT PHASE
1)Divide Group:takes unit # and splits it as ordered into two groups.
2)Transfer Group:forms a larger group by combining two smaller groups
                 within the same hex.
3)Transfer Air:ferry strengths between Luftflotte gruppes in the immediate area
4)Check Map:tactical display with scrolling over the entire field 
            with unit identification if desired.
5)Check Strategic Map:strategic display of the entire playing field.
6)Build Factory:what it says; you get a list of cities and supplies with
                which to work.
7)Build Unit:cities have factories and men; here you choose the output
             to put into action in the following phase.
N)Naval Movement:I haven't seen it valid yet.
 
     Once you have formed your combat groups then it is time to plot your move.
 
     Axis Move
     Depot submove
 
Auto Move:watch it get the supplies to the next location for you
Manual Move:you get the supply packet there yourself
Distribute:supplies all units in the present hex
Terrain:shows the terrain underneath all units on the board
Supply Scan:you got me
Build A Rail:extend a present rail network
 
     Move Combat submove
1-6:move the unit immediately
Get Unit:move the unit on which the cursor is positioned
Replace:reform previously split units into a more powerful, larger group
tac Plot:movement programming for the upcoming combat phase
Xrail:move by rail immediately
Abort:clear all decisions and start fresh with this unit
Next Unit:finished with this unit, continue
 Status Indicators:S->SU unit nearby
                   M->Moved in this phase
                   N->No more moves allowed
                   U->Uncommitted, no SU unit nearby
Quit:end move with all units
     Automatic entrenchment of eligible units
 
     Air Operations submove
 
1-6:fly in that direction in preparation for a further action,
    range is 4 hexes
Bomb City:only an enemy city
Ground Attack:against enemy SU units
Abort:start this Luftwaffe unit's move fresh
Quit:done with all Luftwaffe units
 
     Computer Processing of Combat
     Save Game?
     X)it Game?
       if yes See SU Status?
     Back To Main Menu
 
 
This is an imcomplete Document, if you come across any improvements please
post a revised version. It will be appreciated. I will improve it as time
goes by.
Dos Toyevski

(>