.he CHAPTER 10 CORBIN HANDBOOK AND CATALOG NO. 7, PAGE #

                     INDIVIDUAL DIES FOR THE RELOADING PRESS

          You can make up your own swaging kit for a reloading press, or you 
     can   add  dies  to  existing  kits  and  expand  your   bullet-swaging 
     capabilities caliber by caliber.  
          With the suggested kits in the previous chapter,  I didn't suggest 
     any lead tip dies.   They are very useful in the three rifle  calibers, 
     when you want a nice factory-finished lead tip.  But they are something 
     you  can  add  at any time.   It isn't necessary to match this  die  as 
     exactly as with the core seater and point former.  A half-thousandth of 
     an inch tolerance is plenty, and that is easy enough for the die-makers 
     to handle without getting your set back.
          Individual dies are available in these styles and calibers:

          .224      6-S Ogive      CS-1-R, PF-1-R, LT-1-R
          .243      6-S Ogive      CS-1-R, PF-1-R, LT-1-R
          .257      6-S Ogive      CS-1-R, PF-1-R, LT-1-R

          .251      RN, TC ogive   CS-1-R, PF-1-R
          .308      RN ogive       CS-1-R, PF-1-R
          .312      RN ogive       CS-1-R, PF-1-R
          .314      RN ogive       CS-1-R, PF-1-R
          .355      RN, TC ogive   CS-1-R, PF-1-R
          .357      RN, TC ogive   CS-1-R, PF-1-R
          .358      RN, TC ogive   CS-1-R, PF-1-R

          When  you  order the CS-1-R,  it comes with a flat  base  internal 
     punch  and a Keith external punch in the handgun  calibers.   In  rifle 
     calibers,  it  comes  with  flat base internal and  open  tip  external 
     punches.   If  you  would  like  to add other  shapes  to  the  handgun 
     calibers, you can order these additional punches:

          (1) Conical (semi-wadcutter angled to a point, like a pencil)
          (2) Round Nose (semi-wadcutter eliptical round nose)
          (3) Hollow Point (universal projection punch, used with any other)
          (4) Wadcutter (slightly raised button nose style)
          (5) Cup Nose (a shallow, round cup shape)
          (6) Open Tip (a punch that fits inside the jacket, for 2-die sets)
          
          Those are nose shapes available, in standard off the shelf designs 
     only.   In  this system,  the punches are made to standard patterns and 
     cannot  be  made to special order without incurring  regular  time  and 
     material charges over the usual punch price.  With current salaries for 
     die-makers where they are,  you may not be thrilled to hire one to make 
     a  punch  slightly different from standard (chances  are,  your  target 
     would never know the difference anyway).
          Base  shapes  can  also  be changed by ordering  an  extra  punch.   
     There are internal punches to replace the standard flat base.   You can 
     order:
          
          (1) Dish Base (very shallow curve to the edge of the jacket)
          (2) Cup Base (slightly deeper, like the cup nose, with flats to
              the edge of the bullet)
          (3) Hollow Base (very deep, like the hollow point punch.  Not well
              suited to jacketed bullets but nice for lead bullets)

          The rifle calibers are always ordered with a matching point former 
     die.   You can't make a complete bullet in the CS-1-R alone for a rifle 
     caliber,  since  the velocity is so high that pistol designs tend to be 
     unstable and have poor ballistics.  You are welcome to order these dies 
     for  replacements,  but  good luck trying to make a finished bullet  in 
     one!   When  you order the core seater and point former as  a  set,  it 
     makes  up  the BSD-xxxR catalog number.   You don't need to order  each 
     one, if you specify the BSD-xxxR.
          All  punches  are ordered with the catalog  number  "PUNCH-R"  for 
     reloading  press  use.   Then,  specify  internal  or  external  punch, 
     caliber,  and  shape  (if it needs to be specified,  as with noses  for 
     handgun  punches).   To order a replacement ejection pin for the  point 
     forming dies,  always specify the caliber.  You can call it a "PUNCH-R" 
     and specify ejection pin, plus caliber.  That will get it.  
          Core seating punches for the rifle calibers are made in  different 
     diameters to fit inside the various jackets available.   Either tell us 
     the  diameter you want and we will supply the closest standard diameter 
     that we have,  or send a sample jacket to match.   In the .224, we have 
     two core seat external punches.   One fits the rimfire jacket,  and one 
     fits the commercial jacket that we sell.   The diameters are 0.204  and 
     0.197 inches, respectively.  
          Many people have commented that they were not able to make a light 
     enough bullet with a certain jacket.   After I checked it out,  I found 
     that the problem was the style of bullet.  Most of the standard jackets 
     make just about any weight you like, if you know how to make use of the 
     punches  and dies.   The open tip core seating punch will push a  short 
     lead  core as far into the jacket as you like.   Then the point forming 
     die  will wrap the end of the jacket around the ogive,  and the  bullet 
     can be as light as you wish.  
          The problem is with solid lead tip Keith style bullets.  They fill 
     the  jacket,  and  then some.   Typical jackets  available  today  make 
     maximum weights for the caliber with this sort of style.  The answer is 
     to use the hollow point and cup base punches on the bullet first,  then 
     follow with the Keith punch.   This lets you use a lot less lead, moves 
     it  forward  so  it can form lead nose within the cavity of  the  Keith 
     punch, and thus produces a very light bullet in a very long jacket.
          One last point about reloading press dies:   they are just as good 
     as  any  other kind,  except that they are made to fill  the  need  for 
     entry-level,  lower  cost  bullet-making.   Rather than cut corners  on 
     quality,  we  decided long ago that the best approach was to limit  the 
     styles,  calibers,  and options available to a managable, popular group 
     and  then  make the equipment in longer runs,  without the  expense  of 
     individual, custom work.
          When  someone calls and insists on having a reloading  press  die, 
     but  with some special options that are not standard ones,  they are in 
     effect crashing the whole idea of equal quality at lower cost.   If one 
     can afford the expense of the custom work, they can probably save money 
     by  getting the Mity Mite system to start with.   It was designed  with 
     custom work in mind.  And if someone doesn't want to buy the press, but 
     just wants the dies made special, then they should consider the cost of 
     the die-maker's time.   It amounts to buying the press anyway.  Why not 
     get  it?   Then,  everything  made  in the future will  still  fit  and 
     interchange properly.  Custom work usually doesn't.
