   War Cycles / Peace Cycles
     by Richard Kelly Hoskins

   Richard Kelly Hoskins has spent more than a quarter of a century
   working with Wall Street.  His articles have been published in
   newspapers and magazines across the nation.  This book may very well
   be the survival handbook of this generation.  Cyclical
   interpretations of the boom/bust phenomenon that has dogged
   organized economies since antiquity are in vogue once again.  This
   one, by stock broker and financial consultant Hoskins, examines the
   process in the light of time-dishonored man ipulation by
   international usurers, from Babylon to today's Wall Street.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles lists the best investments to buy in the War
   Phase and the best in the Peace Phase.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles shows how you can take over the U.S.
   trillion dollar debt and make 30 billion a year on the deal -FREE-
   if you have the right contacts.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles projects the proper time to buy a house with
   very little money.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles gives the history of municipal bond
   defaults.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles gives the history of the major 50 year
   cycles in American going back to 1750.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles gives the history of the gold price in the
   U.S. and how Jay Gould almost cornered gold.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles lists land booms when land prices went from
   $800 an acre down to $1.25 an acre and back to $600 an acre.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles gives the history of the Bank of Amsterdam -
   the largest bank in the world.  It neither paid nor received
   interest.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles shows how NY banks control business, media,
   and colleges as well as their faculties.

   War Cycles/Peace Cycles shows why defeated kings and rulers must be
   killed.

Publisher: Virginia Publishing Company
                  P.O. Box 997
                  Lynchburg, Virgina 24505
                 (804) 845-1335

A few reports from Readers:
   "...a new book...by Richard Hoskins...It is very, very good...he
 reveals that in 1780 there were only two interest banks in the new
 United States.  Most of our colonial forefathers lived their whole
 lives in peace and prosperity without ever doing business with a bank!
 Today most Americans would think that was impossible."  -Sheldon Emry,
 AMERICA'S PROMISE Newsletter

   "We were VERY impressed with your book...Grandmother said that it
answered the one question she had in college...WHY?  She didn't believe
that Jenkins War was over a man's ear or that an assassination in
Austria could cause the whole world to explode into WW I."  -
Grandfather's Newsletter

   "The immediate earthquake in our present banking system...is clearly
dealt with in Richard Hoskins' "War Cycles/Peace Cycles.""  -Dr. Otis
B. Read, Jr. NEWS & VIEWS Newsletter

   "...War Cycles / Peace Cycles...is the work of a dedicated historian
and excellent prose writer, well worth the price."  -Edward T. Yorke,
FINANCIAL NEWS ANALYSIS



 
