            Voice Mail Hacking
            ----- ---- -------
 
 Part 1: Brief Summary
 ---- -- ----- -------
 
 Along about 2 years ago, I would do just about anything to get my own Vmb.
 I would almost sell my soul for one. But alas, at the time almost no one
 was giving any away and I had nothing worthy to trade. So, I started hacking
 my own. At first I hacked people's boxes, guessing their passcodes. This
 of course is stupid, because all they have to do is alert the system manager
 and poof, no more mailbox. So, after I had experianced that, I started to
 discover that no one missed empty boxes. And here I am today - writing a
 file to teach most of you what I know now. So let's begin, shall we?
 
 The first step to hacking anything - anything at all - is to know what
 you're hacking. The same applys to Vmb hacking. So, let me start off by
 describing some of the prominant voice mail systems.
 
 Adr
 ---
 
 These are the familiar mailboxes that I am sure all of you have called once
 in your life. These are the systems where you hear some cheesy greeting,
 hit "*" twice, and then enter the mailbox number. When you first press
 the "*", the system thinks that you own that mailbox and are entering it.
 So, it will reply with "Hello xxxx, please enter your passcode." So you
 hit "*" a second time and abort it, and find yourself plopped at the main
 menu, with the friendly greeting of "Welcome to the message center." Some
 notes on this system is that boxes are usually (sometimes not) 4 digits in
 length - as are the passcodes. The message length is usually pretty nice,
 anywhere from 1-5 minutes. But of course this all depends on the nazi
 system manager. Anyway. Adr's are good little systems. Easy to hack - easy to
 use.
 
 Aspen
 -----
 
 I'm sure that everyone has at one time called this, too. If there is no
 system greeting, you will be welcomed with "Hello, this is Aspen. The
 automated speech exchange network."  Pretty self-explanatory, is it not? If
 there is a system greeting set-up, you will have to press "*" once to skip
 that. You will then hear "Please dial the number of the person you're
 calling. If you have a mail box on this system, please press pound."
 Aspen's are clear give-aways. Boxes are either 3-4 digits, passcodes 4-5
 or longer. However, I have never seen any larger then 5 digits, but they can
 be expanded to as much as 9. Message length is usually around the 1 minute
 range, depending on what mailbox you hack. I have one currently on an Aspen
 that is up around the 8 minute range, but that's just because it's like a
 "Cosysop" box. It can do limited system manager functions. Anyway.
 Friendly system, easy to hack.
 
 Genesis
 -------
 
 Ok, I would suppose. When you call, you'll be greeted with (usually) "Good
 xxxx. Please enter the mailbox number you wish". The "#" key takes you to a
 directory, where you can just hit the first letter (A,B,C,etc.) of someones
 name to hear their mailbox number. Of course, A B & C are all on the same
 number, 2, so that is even easier. Just scribble down some box numbers -
 they may be worth playing around with. After all, it's always fun to delete
 someone else's voice mail. If you press "*" it will usually adjust the
 volume, or just abort to whatever. Boxes are 3-4 digits, 3 is more
 prominant. Passcodes are usually 3-4, with 4 being the more frequent choice.
 While you are listening to someone's greeting, you can press "0" to enter
 the passcode for that mailbox. Overall, it's ok. Not the greatest,
 but not the worst either.

 Part 2: Locating An Empty Box
 ---- -- -------- -- ----- ---
 
 This is, for the most part, the major step to Vmb hacking. For if you can't
 find an empty, you'll probably lose your box the next buisness day.
 Anyway. The main pain-in-the-ass about Vmb hacking is that after 3 invalid
 trys the system usually hangs up on you. To make your job even harder,
 they usually space out boxes, leaving little gaps of 3 or 4 in between. That
 way if you scan straight through you get discouraged. But of course, there is
 a way around that nasty little feature. All systems have a nifty
 little "Abort" key. It's usually "*" or "#", and it takes you out of almost
 any situation. That comes in very, very handy while you are looking over
 the system for an empty box. Let me pass on some tricks for each system.
 
 Adr
 ---
 
 So, you have now found yourself an ADR. You are at the "Welcome to the.."
 prompt. Things to remember are that boxes usually start at 1000 or 2000,
 and there is almost always a system mailbox somewhere in the 9000 range,
 usually at 9999. (That applys for every system, save that some systems
 may be 3 digit boxes, so chop a digit, that's all.) Now, to defeat that nasty
 little 3 try hang-up, you must first find yourself a good box. It dosen't
 matter whose - empty or not. Look in the common places, explained above. As
 soon as you find one, jot it down. Now you can scan freely and after every 2
 bad trys just punch up the good box, abort out of that and scan some more.
 So, ok. Let's say you find a good mailbox. You'll be hearing the
 greeting. Hit "*" twice, you're back at the "Welcome to the.." prompt. Now
 you can scan 2 more invalid trys worth. A hint is that empty boxes are
 always, and I mean always, at the end of the good boxes. To save time I
 suggest scanning by 100's. Of course, going backwards once in awhile a few
 digits.. Anyway. When you find an empty mailbox, instead of a greeting
 you'll hear "Mailbox xxxx" or something. Hit "*" once, and you'll
 hear "Hello mailbox xxxx, please enter your passcode." Whalla, you have
 located an empty. Write the number down, hit "*" and scan by ones above
 and below the number. There is never just one.
 
 Apsen
 -----
 
 The easiest way to scan Aspen's is to pretend you're going to enter your
 mailbox. Hit "#", then a probable mailbox number, as I outlined in the
 Adr's above. Once you find one, you'll hear something like "John Doe, please
 enter your password." The name will be in the owner's voice - just to make
 everything nice and friendly. Hit "*" and scan around. When you find an
 empty, you'll hear something like "Mailbox xxxx, please enter your
 passcode." The rest is basically the same as the Adr's. Write it down, scan
 around. Gee, this is sure fun, isn't it?
 
 Genesis
 -------
 
 Well, you get the goofy prompt on this, and the easiest way is just to
 hit "#" and then "2" and write down some numbers. Or, you could do 2-9 and
 find the highest number. Then scan just above that for emptys. When you
 enter someone's box, you'll hear their greeting. Hit "0", then hit "#" to
 abort. As always, remember the 3 strikes rule, and keep going back to a
 good box after 2 faulty tries. When you locate an empty, the greeting will
 be "I'm taking a message for Mmailbox xxxx." Hit "0". Then you'll hear
 something like "Please enter your password." Pretty easy, eh? Do the
 routine.. Write it down, scan around.

 Part 3: Hacking The Empty Box
 ---- -- ------- --- ----- ---
 
 Well, now you have your empty's all written down and are ready to jump
 into them. The thing to keep in mind here is to keep it simple! No one
 wants to be troubled with remember a 9 digits totally random passcode. They
 want something small and simple, like a 4 digit year. Remember - think
 stupid. The system manager is usually about as smart as a snail in a bowl
 full of Jello. He wants to work least of all - so he'll make the emptys up
 with cheesy passcodes.
 
 Adr
 ---
 
 This is a ball-buster to hack. You get 3 passcode trys, then you get dumped.
 After you enter one passcode, that's it - you can't abort anymore. But you
 can (sometimes) hit "*" right when it says "Goodbye" and find yourself back
 at the "Welcome to the.." prompt. So play around some. Remember, passcodes
 are simple. Don't beat your head in trying to guess some outrageous pass,
 just scan another system and move on. Passcodes are usually the same as the
 mailbox number, the current year, 1234, 0, or they sometimes don't have
 one at all. So, play with it.

 Aspen
 -----
 
 Aspen's are always fun. The passcodes are 3 or 4 digits, and ususally no
 longer - thus making it a fun little job to pull off. On most systems after
 2 bad passcodes you can just abort out of the box, and then do it again. Of
 course, on empty boxes you need not waste your time with 4 billion trys,
 so why bother. Passcodes are simple, as on Adr's, and almost every other
 system for that matter. Remeber, think stupid.
 
 Genesis
 -------
 
 Same as above, but there is a little trick. Most empty boxes have passcodes
 set to "0", so try that first. And I can't stress this enough, think simple
 for christ's sake!
 
 Part 4: Aftermath
 ---- -- ---------
 
 Once you acheive a box, you can basically figure it out from there. If
 you're having trouble finding emptys on one system, or the emptys have
 twisted passcodes, drop that system. Scan yourself another. They're all
 over the damn place.
 
 Of course, I know you're all sitting out there asking "Duh, why are there
 emptys anyhow?" Well look at the human race as a whole. We are lazy, each and
 every one of us. Who in god's name wants to sit there every other second
 and sprint to make a new box for some new employee? No one, that's who. So,
 the system manager sets up 5-10 boxes for future expansion. He sets the
 passcodes real cheesy-likem, so that anyone with a 2nd grade education
 can remember them for long periods of time. So, think simple. Think like a
 moron. Think like a man who hangs out at the water-cooler and sells cheesy
 houses for a living.
 
 Part 5: Closing
 ---- -- -------
 
 Some notes. If you should happen to stray across the system manager
 passcode, DONT CHANGE ANYTHING, least of which the passcode. Just make a few
 boxes in a nice shady corner of the system and keep a low profile. If the
 manager can't get into his own mailbox, he'll know something's up for
 sure and go looking around.

 To better help you identify these systems, call these. Try to remember
 the voice, too. They are clear give-aways.
 
 Adr
 ---
 1-800-326-5477 (24 Hours, System box at 5000.)
 
 Aspen
 -----
 1-800-800-1239 (24 Hours, System box at 9999. Hit "*" then box numbers.)
 
 Genesis
 -------
 1-800-999-2328 (24 Hours, Boxes start at 200 and go up.)
 
 Well, have fun. And don't give all your friends too many mailboxes now, eh?
 
 And remember - don't waste your time on an old system. The newer, the
 better. The old ones have been hacked to hell and back, and the managers
 make everything difficult. Scan exchanges like mad, gather virgin
 systems, hack them. They don't know what they're up against, so they make
 everything nice and friedndly. Nice and open. Nice and easy.
 
 Well, laters.
 
                           -Hairy Leech
 
 Typed on 2/22/91.
 
 Support the following:
 
 Fall0ut
 [206]862-2086
 Best In The States..
 
 Social Distortion
 [908]303-0927
 Kicking Major Ass..

