From ???@0x00002AE8 Sun Jul 06 15:22:18 1997
Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!news-out.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!su-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!zdc!super.zippo.com!news1.mpcs.com!anon.lcs.mit.edu!nym.alias.net!mail2news
From: tommy@tommys.spydernet.kom
X-FTN-Sender: "tommy@tommys.spydernet.kom" <tommy%tommys.spydernet.kom@f26.n340.z1.fidonet.org>
Date: Thu, 03 Jul 97 02:00:42 -0700
Subject: Husband tells of open marrage
Message-ID: <4008735951@f26.n340.z1.ftn>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
X-FTN-FLAGS: PVT TRN
X-FTN-Tearline: NaNoSPaM+ 0.05 
X-FTN-Via: Squish/386 1.11 1:340/303, Thu Jul 03 1997 at 10:25 UTC
Mail-To-News-Contact: postmaster@nym.alias.net
Organization: mail2news@nym.alias.net
Lines: 187
Status: N

The THC Adult Text Archive: OPEN_01.TXT (171 lines)
Please do not allow anyone under 18 to read the contents of this message.
Please see the footer for important information.
Visit http://vvv.com/~tommy/acd.html
==========================================================================

 
The following is an actual true to life experence brought to you
in a layman's writing style.


My wife Elaine and I would like to share our sexual experiences
with your readers.  This is a second marriage for both Elaine and
myself and when Elaine and I began dating we were also dating
others as well.  Elaine and I began sleeping together on our first
date, actually we had returned to her apartment after a movie, and
while I was trying to get up the nerve to try something she
started rubbing my cock. Feeling its swelling she unzipped my
trousers and gave me the best blow-job I'd ever had. And to make
things even better she is not a spitter and swallowed every drop
of my fluid.

I knew that if she would go down on me on our first date that she
was also doing the same for the other men she was dating but we
were not as yet in love with each other so it really didn't matter
to me.  In fact I found the idea of her screwing other men
strangely arousing.

I didn't mention my feelings about this to Elaine and she never
talked about what she did with others until one night when I
arrived to pick her up for a date.  Just as I turned onto her
street I noticed a car pull out of her drive and turn the opposite
way down the street.  I didn't think much about this until I rang
the doorbell. Elaine, thinking I was the other man, called from
behind the door as she opened it "What's the matter Jim. Haven't
you had enough for one day?".  When she saw it was me and not Jim
she was as startled as I. Standing in her open doorway with
nothing on she gasped "I. I thought you were someone else."
"Obviously." I replied. "God, I'm sorry John. I guess I lost track
of time." I realized that I had become extremely excited seeing
her that way and knowing that another man had just made love to
her. All I could say was "Did you and your friend enjoy
yourselves?". I didn't mean this the way it sounded and Elaine
replied "Don't be angry. Please. You had to know I have been
dating other men and we don't really have anything permanent do
we." We were in her apartment now and I said "We could if you
wanted." "What do you mean, We could?" she said. "I mean we can
have whatever you want." "I want you to forget about what just
happened and love me." Elaine said. "I do love you." I said "And I
don't want to forget about what just happened. I want you to tell
me about what happened while I screw you brains out." "You mean
now?" "Right now." I replied as I picked Elaine up in my arms and
carried her to the bedroom.

Elaine's bed was a mess. I could smell the musk from her
lovemaking. I noticed a large wet stain on the sheets and knew
that on that spot another man had emptied himself in my beautiful
Elaine's cunt. I knew also that she must have enjoyed it just as
much as he had and that only served to make me more excited.

I placed Elaine on the opposite side of the bed from the wetness
and said as I began tearing at my clothes "May as well mess up
both side now hadn't we."  Elaine said as she was nervously trying
to unbuckle my trousers "I love you John. I really love you." My
trousers fell to the floor and as I buried my face between her
legs to kiss her pussy, I said "Just tell me what happened." I
noticed Jim's cum was still seeping from Elaine's pussy. I didn't
know how I felt about eating her out with someone else's cum still
inside her. I only knew that I wanted more than anything for her
to start talking and for me to start eating. "Are you serious?"
Elaine asked. "100 percent." I said in a muffled voice because by
now I had her cunt lips parted and was trying to reach her depths
with my tongue.  I could taste Jim's cum on my tongue and feel
it's almost pleasant burning sensation on the back of my through.

Elaine began. "I have know Jim for about 4 months now. I met him
while shopping and he invited me to join him for a drink. We
talked and he told me he was married and that his wife had an
affair with his neighbor. He admitted that he had invited me for
drinks hoping to get even with her but didn't think he could go
thru with it. I was really attracted to Jim right away and I told
him that he shouldn't encourage something if he couldn't follow
thru.  He asked if I were serious and I told him I was indeed. He
asked where we could go and I told him to follow me. We came here
and made love for hours." "He was good then?" I asked. "The best."
Elaine continued. "Since then Jim come over about two or three
times a week. He called this morning and wanted to come today."
"What time did he arrive?" I asked. "About 10. He wanted me to
give him head as soon as he got here." "Did you?" "I did and he
shot a load you wouldn't believe. He came so fast I couldn't
believe it. He said he hadn't had any science we had done it
together the week before. I know it must have been true from the
way he came." "Did you swallow his load?" I asked. "You know I'm
not a spitter. Of course I swallowed it. What I could anyway. He
came so much and it was so thick that some of it squirted out of
my mouth and onto my chin and face. Jim helped me get it off with
his fingers and I licked them clean for him." "He arrived at 10
and left at seven. What happened next?" "Well, after I sucked him
off we came in here and I played with his cock, kissing it and
sucking it until he was ready to fuck me. We fucked then I sucked
him hard again and we fucked some more. We fell asleep then and
didn't wake up until five. I woke up with Jim eating my bush just
as you are now." "Does he give good head?" I asked. "Not as good
as you. He doesn't take my clit in his mouth the way you do. I
mean I like it when he eats me but you're better." "You must have
fucked him again because the bed is still wet." "I did. First we
got into a 69 position and sucked each other. He almost came in my
mouth but this time I wanted him to cum in my pussy so I quit
sucking his cock and just licked his balls. He really enjoys it
when I lick the underside of his balls and the area near his ass."
"Did you come while he was eating you?" "Not this time. It's kinda
hard for me to come when he eats me but I did come twice earlier
while he ate me." "What next?" "Well, Jim got me on my hands and
knees and fucked me doggy style. He likes that too because he says
he can reach deeper inside that way." "Did he come inside you
then?" "No, not then. We changed with me sitting on top and slowly
pumping his cock in me. Then he got on top and really started
fucking me hard. I could feel his balls slapping my ass as he
pounded me. Just as I started to cum I felt his balls tighten and
he unloaded all that he had in me. It must have been a lot from
the wet spot and it was running down me leg when you arrived. Can
you taste Jim's cum in me?" "Not now." I replied. "I think I've
cleaned you out pretty good." "I want to suck your cock." Elaine
said. I lay on my back and Elaine got between my legs so we could
look into each others eyes as she sucked my cock. I like to watch
as I shoot off and Elaine swallows my load.  Today I told her I
wanted her to take my cock out of her mouth and jack me as I came.
I wanted to see the cum shoot into her mouth.

Just as I was about to loose my load Elaine opened her mouth and
with a gentle squeezing motion she jacked my load into her mouth.
I watched as the thick white fluid sprang from my cock and found
it's way in Elaine's mouth. She lost surprisingly little of my load
as she took my cock into her mouth to drain all she could.

When convinced she had all I could give she moved up and gave me
a kiss. At first I was surprised how wet her lips were but then I
realized that she had not swallowed my load as she normally does.
Instead she was sharing it with me. I must say I enjoyed tasting
my own cum, Still warm and thick. We still do this sometimes and
it never fails to excite me.

Elaine and I married shortly after this experience. We have been
married for almost 12 years now and she still dates other men. She
dated Jim for about three years after we were married and on
several occasions I joined them. I can't explain why I enjoy my
beautiful wife have sex with other men. I just do.  I love to
watch as she enjoys herself while pleasing another man. I have
encouraged Elaine to date other men she find attractive and to tell
me the details later.

Just last tuesday she met a guy. His name is Bill and he's a
salesman that travels this area. He is in town tonight and invited
Elaine to dinner and drinks. Elaine is here dressing for her date
with Bill tonight and I noticed she douched herself and put on
some really sexy panties and bra. I think she is going to wear the
red dress I bought her. I hope she does because she looks great in
it and it drives men wild.

Well Elaine just drove off to meet Bill.  Before she left she read
this letter and has approved of my sending it. She also told me
that she planned to stay the entire night with Bill at his hotel.
They'll be up all night fucking and sucking. Elaine really hates
quickies.

Well I think I'll go watch one of the movies Elaine and I made with
an Italian guy we met on vacation this past summer.  One day I'll
write about another of our experences or perhaps one day we'll
share the video's with you.


If you have any comments we Elaine and I can be reached at.

J & E
P.O. Box 3641
Greenville, SC 29608

Until Then...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a repost from an archive.  The poster did not write this story.
All copyrights belong to the authors.  Replace .kom with .com to obtain
return address.  The archive is over 10,000 textfiles in size - you may
obtain the entire archive on CD - for details visit
http://vvv.com/~tommy/acd.html

