Jackie's Unexpected Caning

Jackie Thornton, a fifth year at Latymer Grammar School, was a
very attractive young lady, her medium length blonde hair
softly permed into fluffy loose curls.  She had a light
complexion complete with a handful of fading freckles on her
nose.  

She had finished her Maths exercise book and was taking it to
the Secretary in afternoon break one day to get a new one. 
The procedure was that the pupils had to show the Secretary
the old book and that it was finished.  She would then punch a
hole through it, so that the same book could not be brought
back twice, and issue a replacement.  Unconcernedly, Jackie
handed the exercise book to Mrs Nicholson.  As the Secretary
took it she evidently noticed that the book was rather thin. 
She flicked through the pages and it was obvious that several
had been torn out.  Jackie had been using the book for games
such as Hangman and Noughts and Crosses and had torn out those
pages before bringing it for replacement.    

Mrs Nicholson normally had a happy expression on her face and
enjoyed exchanging pleasant banter with the pupils but she was
not smiling now.  Compressing her lips she told Jackie to wait
where she was and, taking the book, crossed the vestibule into
the headmaster's office.  

Jackie was shocked by this turn of events and was not made any
happier by the remarks of the boy standing behind her, also
waiting to get a new book.   'Umm! You're for it!' he said. 
'I hope you're wearing thick panties - he doesn't like pages
torn out of books!'  Jackie didn't reply to the boy, a scruffy
third year, and pretended not to hear him.  But she was very
worried now.  She had got through her time at Latymer School
so far without coming close to a caning, and had always tended
to look down on the girls in her class who had been caned. 
Now she wanted to run away, but she realised that it wouldn't
have done her any good - the book had her name and form on it. 


Mrs Nicholson came back from Mr Taylor's office, without the
book, and told the girl to go in and see the headmaster. 
Jackie was very frightened, she had not expected to be in any
trouble at all and now it looked as though she could be caned
by the headmaster!  She guiltily remembered how only last week
she had giggled to herself when Caroline Jones had returned
after a visit to Mr Taylor.  She had thought of the cane as
something that the boys and other girls might get, but she had
never imagined that she might be caned.  It was gradually
dawning on her that she might be wrong.  Still she did her
best not to show how scared she was in front of the secretary
and the other pupils and she turned and walked silently across
the vestibule.  

Mr Taylor's door was open and Jackie walked in.  He told her
to close it behind her.  This was the first time that she had
been in his room or that he had ever spoken to her.  He looked
very stern and important sitting behind his big desk, and
Jackie was tongue-tied in his presence.  

The headmaster stood up.  He scrutinised the pretty sixteen
year old for a few moments before speaking.  'Are you
Jaqueline Thornton?' he asked.  

'Yes, sir.'  

'Then this is your book?' he continued, pointing at the
exercise book, lying on his otherwise clear desk.  How Jackie
hated that exercise book!  

'Yes, sir.'  

He picked the book up and opened it, thumbing through the
pages until it was quite clear that pages had been torn out.  

'And did you tear these pages out, Jaqueline?'  

Jackie nodded guiltily, biting her lip.  The headmaster sat
down again.  

'Perhaps you could tell me, Jaqueline, why you have been
systematically destroying school property!?'  

Jackie was so overawed that she automatically told him the
truth.  She thought afterwards that she should have said that
she'd made some mistakes in maths questions and had torn out
those pages, but even so it probably wouldn't have made any
difference.  

Mr Taylor said that this was a very serious matter.  She had
destroyed school property, used her school exercise book for
games and evidently been persistently inattentive in
mathematics lessons.  'I am going to cane you, Jaqueline.  Two
strokes for each offence.  How many is that, young lady?'  

'Ow!  S-six strokes, sir,' she stammered.  Caroline had only
got five, and it hadn't been her first time for the cane.  

'That's right.  Enough to give a naughty girl a lesson she'll
remember for some time.  I'm glad you can remember some maths! 


'Remove your jacket and skirt and place them over that chair!' 


As the scared girl obeyed, blushing and near to tears, the
headmaster rose and took off his own jacket.  He then walked
to a tall cupboard in the corner of the room, selected a cane
and withdrew it.  It was about seventy- five centimetres long
and about a centimetre thick.  He nodded approvingly as he
flexed it and allowed it to spring back into shape with a soft
hiss.  This should make a good impression on young Jackie!  

He turned round to see the red-faced teenager standing
nervously by the chair with her blue school jacket and skirt
draped neatly over it.  She had removed her shoes when taking
her skirt off and had not replaced them.  

'Come on girl!' he said angrily, 'Pantyhose down!  You know I
cane over one layer of clothing.  

Jackie obeyed immediately.  She had heard that some girls had
had to take down their pantyhose if they'd been wearing them,
but hadn't realised it was a rule.  She desperately didn't
want to give Mr Taylor any reason to be more angry with her,
though, and she obediently drew her pantyhose down.  

As she did so she made one last, doomed, attempt to avoid a
sore bottom.  

'Please, sir, I've never had the cane.  I'm sorry for tearing
the pages out.  Honestly!  I'll never do it again!  Can't you
give me lines or detention instead?'  

'No, Jaqueline.  I've told you what your punishment is to be. 
I don't enjoy caning girls.  This will hurt me as much as it
hurts you.  But it will teach you a lesson you will remember
for a long time.  Now, bend over my desk and hold on to the
other side!'  

As the teenager slowly stretched herself over the desk Mr
Taylor noticed that her panties were not the regulation blue
ones prescribed by the school rules.  These were of a
different style and were white in colour.  

'Stand up, girl!'  

Jackie experienced a moment of hope that made her subsequent
experiences even worse.  

'What colour are school uniform panties, Jaqueline?'  

'Oh!  Blue, sir!'  

'Yes! And what colour have you got on?'  

'White, sir,' Jackie answered in a small, trembling voice.  

'Rules are rules, Jaqueline.  The fact that your underwear is
not usually on view, and that you are therefore unlikely to be
found out, is no excuse.  Have you anything to say for
yourself?'  

Jackie remained silent.  One pair of her blue panties was in
the wash, but she knew that the headmaster would not accept
that as an excuse.  She felt a tear drip from her eye and
sniffed miserably.  

Again Mr Taylor scrutinised the naughty girl.  She was
obviously very agitated at the prospect of being caned for the
first time and he knew that six of the best would hurt her
considerably.  He was not a cruel man.  He announced his
decision.  

'Normally I would award two extra strokes for this blatant
breach of school rules.  However, as this is the first time
you have been caned, I think that six strokes will be
sufficient.'  

Jackie agreed with him here.  She thought it was more than
sufficient!  

'In the circumstance,' he continued, 'you will write out "I
must wear full school uniform when I attend school" fifty
times and bring me the lines tomorrow morning before
registration.  I will carry out an inspection at that time to
ensure that you are wearing full uniform.  Now bend back down
over the desk.'  

Mr Taylor pushed the tail of Jackie's school blouse well up
her body out of the way and tapped her bottom with the cane a
couple of times, causing the girl to flinch.  He then drew the
cane back, watching his target area closely.  He saw the
girl's buttock muscles visibly tighten and her bottom change
shape intriguingly as she braced her legs back.  Then he
unleashed the first stroke, slashing the cane down sharply
with a practised flick of the wrist.  

SWISH - Thwackk!!  

The cane dug deep into Jackie's knicker-clad flesh before it
bounced back resiliently.  For a split second there was no
reaction from the girl, then her whole body went rigid and she
drew in a huge breath with a veiled gasp of 'Aaaoww . . .
owww!'  

SWISH - Thwackk!!  

Jackie's head flew back and she let out a yell of pain.  Her
right hand shot back to nurse a red raised mark that had
sprung up on her exposed flesh where the panties cut back. 
'Hand out of the way, Jaqueline!' Mr Taylor snapped.  

SWISH - Thwackk!!  

'Aaaagh . . . Ooowwwwh!!'  

This time the blonde lost her grip on the desk and stood bolt
upright, clasping both hands to her nether regions.  She
danced from foot to foot, making short meaningful 'ooh's and
'aah's, whilst kneading her sore rear desperately.  

'I warn you, girl, get back into position or there will be
extra!'  The headmaster waited for Jackie to bend over again. 
She was crying now like a two year old.  Mr Taylor reminded
her that there were 'Three more to come.'  Slowly, sobbing
uncontrollably, Jackie bent over again.  Her bottom hurt so
dreadfully that it was terrible to have to present it for more
punishment but she knew she had no choice.  She resolved that
she would grip the desk for dear life and not move so that the
horrible retribution would be over as soon as possible.  

The fourth stroke caught Jackie squarely across her right
buttock, bringing forth another anguished cry of pain from the
16 year old.  Her body jerked and her shapely legs kicked out
in sheer agony, but this time she managed to remain in
position.  

Mr Taylor took careful aim for the fifth stroke.  He wanted it
to land low down, right where her bottom met her thighs, so
that most of the stroke would land on Jackie's bare flesh. 
This was not easy as, despite her resolution, Jackie was now
completely unable to stay still.  In fact the cane landed
slightly lower, curling itself around Jackie's bare and
completely unprotected thighs.  

Once again Jackie yelled uninhibitedly but gamely stayed bent
down, wriggling frenziedly.  Mr Taylor paused before
delivering the final stroke, inspecting the girl's quivering
bottom.  An angry weal was now crimsoning across the pale
flesh as a result of the fifth stroke and each of the earlier
strokes had left visible marks.  He saw Jackie's thighs tauten
with anticipation as she awaited the final blow to her
battered bottom.  

Mr Taylor always made sure that the final stroke of a
punishment was also the hardest.  He took two paces back and
came skipping forward to bring the cane down with full force
across the teenager's already exquisitely sore behind.  

SWIISH - Thwaackkk!!!  

'YEEEEOOOOWWWW!!'  

Jackie's ear-piercing shriek echoed round the room.  She
jumped upright, her hands shooting to her bottom, and
performed what seemed to be a frenetic tribal dance around the
office to her own vocal accompaniment.   The normally poised
teenager looked a proper sight - her face flushed and
tear-stained, her hair a real mess.  

'All right, Jackie.  Compose yourself and get dressed.'  Now
that the girl had paid the penalty Mr Taylor called her by the
diminutive of her name so that she should realise that she had
been forgiven.  

He returned the cane to its cupboard and put his jacket back
on.  Meanwhile Jackie, wriggling like an eel and gasping
painfully, was struggling to stretch her pantyhose back over
her swollen buttocks and thighs.  

Mr Taylor sat down behind his desk and waited while Jackie
slowly and painfully resumed her skirt, shoes and jacket. 
Finally she stood fully clothed facing him, her hands pressing
the blue skirt to her blazing bottom.  Tears ran down her
flushed cheeks and she was chewing her lower lip and sniffing
childishly.  

The headmaster recorded the details in his Punishment Book,
and Jackie took the opportunity to get her handkerchief out
and blow her nose and wipe her face.  She was still not able
to stop crying.  

Mr Taylor put the book away and looked up.  'I hope that has
taught you a lesson, Jackie.  School books are for school
work!'  Jackie nodded silently.  He gave her back her maths
book and told her to give it to Mrs Nicholson and say that she
was to replace it.  Then he dismissed the caned schoolgirl and
told her to return to her class, reminding her that she had
fifty lines to bring him next day and that he would check that
she was wearing school uniform.  

Mrs Nicholson obviously must have known exactly what had
happened to the tearful girl, but she did not say anything and
changed the book without any remark.  Break was over by now
and there were no other pupils in the secretary's office.  

Jackie made her painful way, shakily and with small, careful
steps, to her class.  The lesson was already well under way
and the chastened girl knocked before entering the classroom. 
Rumour spreads quickly in a small grammar school and most of
the class had already heard that Jackie had been sent in to Mr
Taylor and, when she was late for the lesson had guessed that
she'd been whacked.  The majority of the class, including
several who had been caned, thought that it was a good thing. 
Jackie was widely perceived as stuck up and superior.  Many
shared the view that 'It's about time that little madam was
taken down a peg or two!' and felt that her come-uppance had
been overdue.  On the other hand those girls who had never
been caned, and the few boys in the same position, were upset,
realising that their own bottoms, too, were not exempt!  

The teacher however, Mr Russell, had not heard the rumours. 
He asked Jackie why she was late.  The embarrassed girl just
managed to stammer 'Mr Taylor  . . . ' and then fell silent.  

Mr Russell was not a particularly observant man, but as he
looked at the red-faced girl in front of him, still wriggling
and with tearstained face, he understood what had happened. 
He told Jackie to go to her place and not waste any more time. 

Jackie had seen that her best friend, Barbara, had saved her a
place next to her and had brought her books.  She limped to
the desk aware of the curious stares of her classmates.  When
she reached her seat she lowered herself carefully until her
wealed bottom almost, but not quite, made contact with the
hard wood.  She supported her weight on both her hands.  She
remained in this uncomfortable position for the rest of that
lesson, the last of the day.  

After the lesson many pupils crowded round asking what she had
done and how many she had got.  Jackie usually cycled home but
this afternoon she did not feel able to do so.  She walked to
the bus stop and rode home - standing up!  On the bus she
noticed two little first year boys.  One pointed at her and
whispered something to his friend whereupon they burst into
giggles.  Poor Jackie was convinced that everybody must know!  

At home Mrs Thornton realised that something must have
happened when her daughter returned without her bike and
having obviously been crying.  She was sympathetic but told
Jackie that she had deserved her punishment and only had
herself to blame.  Nevertheless she stood up for her daughter
against her husband when he came home and wanted to give
Jackie an extra dose from his slipper.  Jackie wrote her lines
in the kitchen, having brought down a pillow from her bed to
enable her to sit on the hard kitchen chair.  

Jackie did not get much sleep that night but made sure she was
out of bed in good time next day.  She dressed carefully,
making sure she was in full uniform.  She winced as she pulled
her blue panties on.  She did not wear pantyhose.  

She duly reported to Mr Taylor's office before roll call and
handed in her lines.  Her school uniform was impeccable - even
her tie was straight.  Mr Taylor walked behind her and raised
her school skirt.  The marks of his previous day's handiwork
were still clearly visible, although the blue panties covered
more of her bottom than those she had worn the previous day. 
'Still sore, Jackie . . . ?' he remarked.  

'Yes, sir,' the shame-filled girl mumbled.  

'Well I hope it's taught you a lesson.  I don't want to see
you here again.  Now report to your form for registration.  

Later at assembly Mr Taylor made an announcement about not
tearing pages out of books or using them for anything other
than school work.  He said that he had had to cane a girl for
this, but didn't mention Jackie's name.  But she and all her
friends knew whom he meant.
