Archive-name: Bestial/jackwolf.txt
Archive-author: The Brotherhood Of Pan
Archive-title: Jack Meets a Wolf


 As a young boy, Jack had always loved the night. It's secret 
darkness, it's never seen sounds. Now, all of 16, he was 
walking along a moonlit path, enjoying himself. Jack knew he 
should be returning to camp, but just a few minutes more of 
this wonderful solitude.... A noise?! Jack turned, and peered 
up the path. Nothing there, must have been a deer. He scanned 
the clearing before him.... He laughed and hugged himself in 
youthful exuberance. `Mom always did complain about my 
imagination', he thought, sitting on a rock.

 As much as he would like to stay longer, Jack knew he would 
be missed. It was half-past nine now, and it was a good 5 
miles back to camp. There was that noise again... Jack got up, 
and saw seven feet of the biggest, shaggiest something 
materialize out of the woods. It grinned, and way too many 
teeth gleamed in the moonlight. "Don't ye know what happens 
to little boys, who go out on the woods, in the night? They 
get eaten by big, bad, wolves...." The half growl / half 
chuckle, sent a shiver up his spine. Jack's mind refused to 
work. He stood, as dumfounded as a deer blinded by car 
lights, as it loped towards him. Only when it was close 
enough for Jack to plainly see it's all-too human eyes, did his 
body break out of it's slumber.

 Jack turned, and ran. Faster than he had ever run before. Not 
heeding branches, or shrubs, or roots... No, No! This can't be 
happening. But it was. He tripped, and fell. A hand-paw 
latched itself onto his ankle. Jack would have screamed, but 
his vocal cords refused to obey their terrified master. 
Another one grabbed his pants leg. Jack frantically pulled at 
his belt buckle, then his pants, and zipper. He jerked forward, 
just as the monster tugged, and was propelled flat on his 
face, his shorts pooled around his ankles. Jack kicked them 
off, and ran laughing, as he looked over his shoulder at a 
werewolf who was wearing a pair of jockey shorts, one ear 
sticking out of a leg hole.

 The boy ran, and ran, until he couldn't run anymore. He stood, 
bent over, hands on knees, breathing hard. His shirt stuck to 
his sweaty body... Like a bad nightmare, his mind refused to 
dwell on it had seen. The boy leaned against a tree, trying to 
re-gather his breath, and work out a stitch in his side... A 
large furry paw clamped hard on the back of his neck, and 
Jack found himself lifted in the air. unable to even open his 
mouth. Paralysed with fear and exhaustion, he could only 
wait, helpless.

 While one paw held him easily, the other ran itself across 
his body, feeling him up through the soaked shirt. Something 
warm, and wet rubbed itself against the small of his back, 
and ran down one butt-cheek, leaving a sticky trail.  What the 
hell?!, thought Jack, If it is going to kill me, why not get on 
with it. But this creature had other plans! The werewolf 
tossed him onto the soft grass, then it lay on top of the 
squirming teen. He felt it's furry body press against his 
chest, and something pointed pressed against the valley of 
his buttocks.

 Then three things happened almost at the same time; The 
hand that held his neck, clamped itself across his mouth, the 
other paw dug cruelly into one thigh, and the pointed stick 
that was poking around his neither end, grew into a 
sharpened telephone pole, as it plowed a furrow in his butt 
flesh, and forged a passage up into his bowels. His anus 
clamped tightly around the slick intruder, as Jack screamed 
into the furred spider, that enveloped his face. The creature 
snarled in his ear, then it jerked him up, getting up on the 
balls of it's feet, knees on either side of his thighs. Now both 
paws pulled the boy's ass back, until it's mammoth cock was 
fully buried, his butt pressed into the furred groin, and it's 
balls rubbed his.  Then it shoved forward, pressing Jack's 
knees into the ground, putting him in the "doggy" position. It 
rested a moment enjoying the sensation, then yanked half the 
length of it's bloodied cock out, and digging both paws 
cruelly into the boy's chest, thumbs raking his nipples, it 
howled, and slammed in to the hilt. Again, and again, it's 
hairy hips compressed his rear, a voice full of gravel 
snarling in his ears, paws roaming across his body. Even 
though this had gone on for only a few minutes, Jack thought 
he was going to die. The pain was too great... But young men 
are nothing, of not pliable, and his body got used to the 
intruder.

 Tendrils of feeling weaved a complicated pattern across his 
brain. Waves of pain intertwined with pleasure made Jack 
shake his head. There was a third feeling... something like a 
cobweb, there, but not-there. Jack wasn't sure who was more 
surprised by his erection, the boy or the wolf. A paw 
encircled it, moving slowly at first, then faster, 
masturbating the boy with equal, but opposite oscillations.

 A snarl of lust rippled from Jack's lips, and he bowed his 
back, thrusting back at the animal. It suddenly stopped. `Don't 
stop now, damnit!', he thought, twisting his head sideways, 
to look at his tormentor. Jack didn't believe it!  He was 
actually enjoying this!! The creature grinned at him, then 
lifted him like a stick-doll. Grabbing one of his legs, the 
WereWolf spun the young man on it's cock, so they were now, 
face to face. "I told Ya some big, bad, wolf was gonna eat ya!" 
Jack didn't feel the ground, even though the monster slammed 
his shoulders into it. Nor did he notice ten claws digging  
deeply into his buttocks.

 The human's entire being consisted of eight inches of 
purple-red flesh, which was getting licked upon, nibbled at, 
and vigorously vacuumed. Jack was sure he was going to be 
torn in two, and he didn't care. A silent tree fell on him...  The 
boy babbled, and dug his fingers in the grass, as the first 
orgasm of his young life ripped through his neural passages. 
His cock rippled, then spurted into a cavernous maw that 
threatened to suck everything down to his shoes into it. He 
rolled his head, anus squeezing on the hilt of the gigantic 
dick buried in him, and body contorting, trying 
simultaneously to pull the animal's groin up to it's tail into 
his anus, and shove everything between his chest and his 
knees into it's muzzle.

 The huge cock swelled, then bucked, as cum poured into the 
still moaning teen, which triggered a second wave, which 
engulfed Jack in warm darkness.... He awoke, in his tent. What 
a wierd dream! As soon as he moved, aching ass-muscles, a 
ripped shirt, and a taste most undescribable in his mouth, 
told the boy otherwise. All that day, he wondered about it. 
And couldn't find any answers...

 The moon found him once again sitting on the rock by the 
lake. This time when he heard the growl, he stood quietly, 
and waited. The monster appeared in the woods, and moved 
slowly towards him. The young man broke out in a sweat. 
Part of him wanted to run away, part of him wanted to run 
towards the beast. But, he chewed on his lip, and waited. 
When it was a few feet in front of him, it stood up. The 
WereWolf was covered with fur that gleamed golden in the 
moon's light.  He barely came up to it's huge chest. It snarled 
low, then walked forward, and grabbed his shoulder. "So 
human," the creature grinned down at him, "you liked last 
night,and want more..." Jack nodded, not sure about anything, 
except his cock was getting hard, and the scent of the 
monster was making him dizzy. It growled and lifting his 
shirt, ran calloused paws across his hairless chest.

 It went down to it's knees, and Jack dropped his top beside 
him. A wet nose pressed against one nipple, making it hard 
and the boy squirm. Then warm tongue slid across it. The 
other one was being pawed at. Then mouth and paw exchanged 
breasts. Jack moaned, as the tongue lapped it's way 
downward. The paws rubbed his crotch, then deftly opened 
the belt, and pants, dropping the cloth to puddle around the 
teenager's ankles. Now, the furred appendages rubbed his 
aching erection, and sliding under the waistband, tugged 
downward. The tongue left a sticky trail down the boy's 
crotch, and teased his testicles. Jack caressed the hairy 
arms, while paws dug into his butt again. He grunted through 
clenched teeth. It was all he could do not to beg the monster 
to move the organ of taste that was flicking with abandon on 
his flesh, upwards. The nostrils quivered, as a drop of pre-
cum squeezed it's way out of the tortured cock.

 A paw detached itself from the young man's buttocks, and 
smeared the sticky fluid across it's thin, rubbery lips. Jack 
moaned, the tongue both cleaning off the seeping tip, and it's 
snout. after a century, the mouth opened, and Jack yelped, as 
the horny creature sucked his maleness in, suction alone 
pulling it across the teeth. The doggish nose pressed into his 
crotch, drool ran warmly down his balls, while the tongue 
squashed it's prisoner against the roof of a muscular mouth. 
Now, both paws ran up his sides, and played with the 
teenager's chest, while the tongue rolled Jack's organ around 
like a cigar. He gasped, and pumped his hips. Ecstacy made his 
breath come in gasps, his hands tremble, and his legs jerk, as 
he fucked that wonderful muzzle. Boy turned into animal, as 
he tossed back his head and snarled, balls contracting, as the 
wildfire of orgasm swept though his system. Jack came back 
to reality to find both hands holding onto the WereWolf's 
skull with a death-grip.

 But, instead of minding, the monster was trying to coax still 
more ejaculate out of the drained testicles. He gasped, 
shuddering, as the tongue rasped at the very-sensitive 
underside of his cock-tip. The monster finally let the limp 
dick slide out, then patted it. Jack sighed. He tried to psych 
himself up to receive another buggering. Instead, the monster 
took his hand and placed it on the thick pole jutting between 
it's legs. He could feel it throbbing under his palm. He had 
never seen so big a dick before... fascinated, he closed his 
fingers around the flesh, letting then slowly slide down, then 
back. He thrilled, when it expanded in his hand, and the 
creature moaned. It lay on the ground, and let the young man 
do whatever he liked.

 Trembling with lust, Jack used both hands to stroke on the 
thick maleness. From the dark reddish tip, to the brown 
sheath, he jerked on it. Eyes glued to the tip, he watched the 
slit open and insemenal fluid trickled down the shaft, and 
across the back of his hand. Without thinking, he licked it off. 
A strange, wonderful taste assailed his tongue. This time, as 
the monster moaned, he gingerly licked on the seeping cock-
head. All the WereWolf did was drag it's claws through the 
grass, and moan, so he lapped it clean. Before the young man 
really knew what he was doing, Jack opened his mouth wide, 
and let the bulbous end rest on his tongue. It grew, and more 
of the stuff ran down into his mouth.  He swallowed. The 
suction pulled another inch into his crowded oral cavity.

 The creature howled softly, as the human continued frigging 
on his erection, and lapping with abandon on it's maleness. 
Jack felt the hugeness throb, and the tip swelled so big, it 
pried his jaws apart. Then something warm and sticky 
splashed against the back of his throat. He swallowed, hands 
still busy pulling on the thick skin. More of the stuff poured 
into his mouth. Jack suddenly wanted a taste of it. He pulled 
his head back, until just the bulbous tip was collared by his 
teeth. Nothing happened for a moment. Impatient, the young 
man gnawed on the fleshy cock-head. The monster shuddered, 
and thrust his hips up. Cum poured across the teenager's 
tongue. Jack found he liked the sweet/salty flavor, and 
sucked harder, wanting more. But, even a WereWolf's balls 
aren't bottomless.

 With one last heave of it's loins, it gave up the last dregs of 
it's lust to the youth who still wasn't satisfied. At last, 
finding out that no matter what he did, there was no more of 
the elixir forthcoming, Jack let the piece of flesh drop out of 
his mouth. Now, his own cock demanded attention. He knelt on 
a furry chest, and shoved his erection at the hoary snout.  A 
pinkish tongue lapped eagerly on the flesh, making him moan. 
Claws, stained with grass and dirt, rubbed his smooth 
buttocks. He grinned, as the mouth opened invitingly, 
reminding him of a crocodile. The youth jacked hard and fast 
on his meat, wanting to blow his wad all over the 'doggy'. All 
too soon, the itch built under his balls. Jack growled, eyes 
slitted, as cum spurted out and into the waiting maw. 
Ejaculate ran down it's tongue, pooled inside it's jaws, was 
swallowed, even while another spurt turned the roof of it's 
mouth into a stick mess.

 When the flood turned into a trickle, the monster pulled Jack 
closer, and clamped it's teeth around his cock-head. All he 
could do was yell, and twist in an iron grip, as the WereWolf 
taught him about Butterfly-kissing, and long, slow licks, 
making sure his testicles were as empty as it's own were. It 
swallowed one last time, and let the exhausted boy get up off 
of it, but not before planting a wet kiss on his shriveled 
ball-sack. The teen went down to the water and washed 
himself off on the cool water. When he turned around, the 
beast was gone. Jack collected his clothes, and made his way 
back to camp. The next day he decided to go on a nature hike. 
He got into a good, strong shirt, levi's, and a pair of walking 
shoes. But, when he got to the meeting place, he found 
himself alone. "Well, at least one of you is interested in 
Nature..."

 The gruff voice came from behind him. He turned around, to 
stare into a very familiar pair of Green-Gray eyes. The smile 
broadened, showing canines just a bit too long. Jack returned 
the grin. This may turn out to be an interesting summer after 
all!

 The End

  (C) 1989 - The Brotherhood Of Pan

 Written At "The Last Bastion Of Insanity" by "PackRat"
--
