			THE   JAILED   GIRL



Daren Hughes watched is wife through the slits of the mini
blinds from his darkened office.  She was berating his
voluptuous secretary for not having her papers ready.

"Mrs. Hughes, please just come into the Notary's office for the
sign off," the younger woman said.  "You can leave your purse
here."  Mrs. Hughes slammed down the coat and purse with
impatience and followed the woman.

He watched her bottom move under the too short white knit
skirt.  What an ass!  Although in the midst of a bitter divorce
after nearly 20 years of marriage, it still turned him on.  He smiled.

In those brief moments, Daren Hughes lifted his wifes wallet
from her purse and removed her drivers license, registration,
credit cards and money, before replacing it.  She came back
and left the office in a huff.

He watched her from the second story window as she walked
across the parking lot, slid her size 18 frame into the Lincoln
Town Car and squeal away.  She was under the assumption
that the divorce papers HAD to be delivered that night, 
and of course her husband was out of town.

She was really pissed!  It was a 70 mile drive to HIS attorney.

Daren Hughes came out of his hiding place, thanked his secretary
for a job well done, and then cleared his calendar of all pending
defense cases for the next week.  He freed many a mobster in his
time, and nothing crucial was on the near horizon.  He left.

Diane Hughes had the Town Car pushing 80 miles per hour,
when, per the directions given her, exited at Willow Road.
From expressway to two lane black top.  She missed her
turn off and had to back up.  She guided the big car down
the winding gravel road for miles, snapping off protruding
branches in her haste.

Through the rear view mirror, she saw the red and blue lights 
flashing through the haze of dust she had created.  

"SHIT!"  Diane Hughes screamed out loud, and tried to pull
	 over as best  she could, scraping the cars side against
	 the under brush.

She watched the Blazer doors open and two uniformed troopers exit. 
Smokey Bear Hats, mirrored sun glasses, and off course the
swagger.   She pushed the button and lowered the driver window.

"Where's the fire?" the trooper asked, leaning into the window.

(What a dumb fuck! she thought) and proceeded to charm her
way out of the  situation with a myriad of excuses.

"Drivers license and registration, ma'am," he replied unmoved.

(SON OF A BITCH!  THEY WERE GONE! the thought
raced in her brain as she frantically searched her purse.)   Again,
the plethora of excuses.

"Step out of the car, ma'am" he ordered, stepping back and
placing his hand on the but of his gun.  The door swung open
and Diane Hughes pivoted to exit, giving the trooper a nice shot
of some nice looking legs.

"Lean over the hood of the car, ma'am," he ordered.

"I will do not such thing!  What is this all about?!!" she screamed
at the two of them.

With not too much effort, the trooper twisted her arms behind
her and slammed her down on the hood of the car.

"The plates on this car were reported stolen," he stated, as he
cuffed her hands behind her back.  "You will have to come along
with us." he added, and without warning reached under her skirt
and gave her crotch and bottom several probing and hard
squeezes!

"HOW DARE YOU!" she hissed and kicked at the trooper.

"That's assault and resisting arrest, ma'am," and with practiced
skill, led her to the Blazer.  Locking her securely in the back,
the two troopers drove off.  Diane Hughes screamed indignities
at the pair, threatening law suits from her powerful husband.

The Blazer meandered its way down the twisting road and stopped
at a remote industrial warehouse type building.

"Temporary Highway Traffic Control," the trooper explained
to Diane Hughes as he lead he into the building and to the
desk of a uniformed woman.

"Speeding, no license, registration, assault, and resisting arrest,"
he told the woman.  

"THIS IS RIDICULOUS!"  Diane screamed as the big trooper
pushed her forward indicating to follow the woman.

Three free standing and adjacent barred cells were in the back.
There were bars on all four sides as well as over the top.
Diane Hughes was uncuffed and placed in the middle cell.  The
trooper left.  Diane fumed and glared at the female officer.  The
black name tag read "M. BAKER".


"Take your clothes off," Baker ordered.  "Unless you want me
to call for help," she added, observing Diane Hughes' opened
mouth shocked expression.

	"Oh, please........" Diane started, with genuine concern.

"Look, I know its embarrassing, but it has to be done, and I
really don't want to call for assistance.  These guys will tear the
clothes off you and you'll have nothing to wear when you go home.
You do want to go home don't you?" Baker reasoned.

	"Yes......yes I do," Diane replied much more subdued.

"Good.  Then lets get this over with," Baker replied, and Diane
started removing her clothes!  The two "troopers" watched from
through the one way glass.

As each article of clothing was removed, Diane had to hand it
through the bars to Officer Baker.  The troopers rubbed their
crotches as Diane Hughes soon stood in just her white bra and
panties.  A big woman with huge breasts, an ample belly, and
full wide hips tapering to rather slender legs.

"Everything, ma'am," Baker directed, inwardly smiling at Diane's
		     red faced embarrassment.

Diane Hughes slipped off her remaining two garments and handed
them to Baker.  She stood stark naked and utterly humiliated.

"Face me and lift your breasts by the nipples, please," Baker
ordered.  

Diane Hughes could not believe this was happening as she grabbed
hold of her own nipples and lifted the cantaloupe sized breasts.

"Higher.......lift them higher," Baker spoke.

(OH MY GAWD! Diane groaned in her mind and lifted her 
breasts much higher while tightening the grip on her nipples!)

"Good," Baker replied as Diane released her breasts.

"Open your legs wide and pull open your pussy lips," Baker
now ordered.

Diane was frozen in shock!  "Hurry up Mrs. Hughes, you don't
want me to call in any help do you?" Baker stated and asked.

	"Oh no, no don't call anyone!" Diane pleaded, and she
	spread her legs and reached down between her legs.

She closed her eyes as she reached into her own vagina and 
pulled open her lips!

"A little more," Baker ordered, and Diane almost fainting from
humiliation, took a better grip and spread her sex lips as wide
as she could.

"Keep them held open and squat up and down five times."

Diane squatted with her lips held open, opening herself more
lewdly than she could possibly imagine.

"Your doing fine, Mrs. Hughes," Baker smiled, "now hands on
your head and stand on your right leg and hop."

Diane started hoping, conspicuously conscious of how her 
breasts were bouncing, and the flesh of her body jiggling.

"Now the left foot," Baker directed, actually amazed that the
woman was actually following her directions without protest!

"Good, very good, ma'am." Baker spoke, "Now turn please."

Diane turned her back to Baker.  Baker's eyes wandered over
the big full behind.

"Bend over and pull apart your bottom cheeks," Baker gleefully
ordered.

Again, Diane swallowed what little pride she had left and bent
over.  Then reaching back pulled open her bottom as wide as
she could, hoping to get this over with as soon as possible!


She could feel Baker's eyes boring a hole into her exposed anus!

"Ok, Mrs. Hughes,  put your hands through the bars now,"
Baker directed.  Diane  complied, somewhat relieved at being
freed from the humiliating positions.  Her heart pounded as
Baker cuffed her wrists outside the cell!

Baker entered the cell and pulled Diane by the hips while directing
her to bend forward.  Diane felt herself  guided into an "L"
shaped position, with her arms outstretched and hands cuffed to the bars, 
the huge melons of her breasts hanging down.

Baker pinched Diane's thighs apart and then to her horror felt her
slipping a lubricated finger into her rectum!

	"Just relax, Mrs. Hughes," Baker chided, while sliding
	 her finger, then two, deeper and deeper up Diane's ass!

She probed and teased the anal canal, rotating and stretching
the sensitive membrane.  With her other hand,  she used her
gel covered fingers to coax apart the rubbery folds of Diane's
sex!  She slid them up and down the fat lips, paying particular
attention to the  hiding clitoris.  Little by little she teased the
small organ from its hooded sheath, until it throbbed with
tumescence.  She smiled at Diane's little gasps.

Baker used her fingers and wrists to pull back on Diane and
stretch her arms out taut as she fingered the sensitive orifices
simultaneously.  She had Diane swooning with her torturous
manipulations, and watched her start to shake and quiver.

"You OK, Mrs. Hughes?" Baker asked as she used her fingers
expertly, sliding and twisting around the sensitive insides, paying
particular attention to the now engorged clit.  She flicked and
rubbed it mercilessly.

"Yessssss..." came a somewhat throaty reply.

After a few  more well placed strokes and probes, Diane Hughes
was in the throws of orgasm. Baker continued her probes, driving
her fingers deep into the helpless female.

When Diane resumed a more rhythmic, Baker gave her a hard
slap to her bottom.

	"Don't be embarrassed, dear," Baker stated, "this 
	sometimes happens during these exams."

Diane said nothing.  Baker tossed her an article of clothing and
left the cell.

Diane unfolded the cloth.  A clean but very worn hospital gown!
She slipped her arms into the sleeves and reached around the
back for the ties.  There was only one at the center of her back.
The gown was much too small, the material in back not even
coming close to closing.  Almost her entire bottom remained
exposed!  She quickly did the best she could and sat down on
the cot, trying to pull the hem down and keep some semblance
of modesty.

Baker, followed by the two troopers and another man entered the
room and approached the cell.

	"Stand up Mrs. Hughes," Baker said, "This is Judge
	 Parker.  Diane stood up in the cell then exited as the
	door was opened and she was motioned out by the
	trooper.  She stood in front of the Judge, the
	troopers behind her, and Baker to her side holding
	her arm.  She could hear the troopers whispering
	at her exposed bare ass.

"Mrs. Hughes," the Judge addressed her, "the stolen plates on
your car has been an error, but the speeding, assault, and resisting
charges remain.  Is there anything else from you people?" he
addressed the officers.

"Well, Judge," Baker interjected, "Mrs. Hughes did cum all over
my fingers during the body cavity search."

Anna looked at Baker with mouth agape in shocked embarrassment!!

"Did she now?" the Judge chided.

"Yes sir," moaning and groaning all over the place, Baker smiled,
		as the troopers snickered.

"Well, there really is no statute against that, and I see no reason
for additional punishment.  Just write it up in the record."  The
Judge stated.

"Mrs. Hughes for your speeding violation, you will receive six
swats of the paddle on your bare bottom, and an additional
four each for the assault and resisting charges.  Fourteen in all.
Prepare the prisoner."  the Judge directed.

	"NOOOOO!  YOU CAN'T MEAN THIS!!!  IT'S
	  PREPOSTEROUS!!!  YOU CAN'T BEAT ME!
	Diane Hughes screamed as the troopers and Baker
	grabbed her by the arms, dragging her to another
	room.

In the center of the room was an almost new gymnasium
pommel horse, its legs extended to there maximum.

Baker reached into the neck of Diane's gown and pulled it from
her in one motion.

	"OH PLEASE!"  Diane screamed trying to cover her nakedness.


The big troopers placed her face down over the horse, her belly
resting on the top of the hard leather.  While one held her legs,
the other grabbed her hands and secured them to the metal legs.
Then the same to her legs, spreading them almost four feet.

Her feet were completely off the ground and she squirmed to
try and see behind her.

"Proceed with the warm up," the Judge directed, and the two
troopers started a hand slapping of the large spread ass before
them.  Lightly at first, them with considerably more authority.

Diane shrieked with shame and indignation as the hands bounced
off her bountiful bum, thighs, and one or two slap right between
the legs!

	"DAREN!  OH DAREN!  THANK GOD YOU'RE
	  HERE!  Diane Hughes screamed as she saw her
	  soon to be ex-husband come into the room.

	"THEY ARE BEATING ME TO DEATH!" she
	  screamed again.

"I am sorry, darling, but I just got the call and came straight from
the airport," he lied, and advanced to his wife.  He stroked her
fleshy bottom and squeezed it a little.

	"DAREN!  WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING??!!"
	   Diane screamed.

"Oh, just looking," he replied like a window shopper, "It's been
a while since I had a good look.  Still sensitive back here?" he
added and asked as he slid his index finger into her anus!

	"DAREN!!!!!  STOP IT!! GODDAMN YOU!"
	 Diane screamed as her husbands finger buried itself
	 to the knuckle.

He pulled out his finger with an audible "plop" to the amusement
of the others.

"I am afraid this court is out of my jurisdiction, but if you don't
mind, I should like to observe," Daren Hughes stated.

"Of course, counselor," the Judge stated, "always willing to help
a colleague.  Proceed with the punishment."

	"DAREN!  YOU CAN'T MEAN THIS!  YOU......."
	 Diane's plea was interrupted by the splat of the paddle
	 on her bottom.

SPLAT!  SPLAT!  SPLAT!  three in quick succession had her
howling like some injured animal.  The large bottom shook and
jiggled like so much jello as the trooper laid on another two swats.

	"WAIT" the Judge exclaimed, "who is maintaining the
	count?"

The troopers and Baker looked at each other then the judge and
shrugged their shoulders.

	"Very well, start again from the beginning," the judge
	directed.

Diane, who had a few brief moments to compose herself, now
screamed in alarm.

	"NO!  I CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE!"

The Judge stepped behind Diane and started to knead the cheeks
in two hands, pulling them in opposite directions and parting them.
He insinuated his fingers in between and teased the little hole.
Then slid his fingers to her sex and pinched and fondled.

Diane squirmed under the lewd manipulations, especially when
he touched her overly sensitive inflamed clitoris.

	"Everything seems to be in fine working order, madam,"
	  he addressed Diane, "proceed from the beginning."

SPLAT!  the paddle cracked over the fleshy center, then several
more blows on the top and lower portions.  A deadly accurate
blow to the rounded tender underside sent Diane into some type
of fit, and the trooper stopped as the judge raised his hand.

"Proceed," he directed as the mild convulsion subsided.

Over and over the paddle mercilessly cracked into her big 
backside sending searing stings of pain into her brain.  Diane
screamed and writhed in agony, begging, pleading, and promising
anything for the paddling to stop.    When 10 blows were delivered, 
the Judge stopped the proceedings.

"I have found it beneficial in the past that the punishment be
interrupted that the subject absorb what has happened and what
will be continue shortly.    Please, gentlemen, join in me in my
quarters for a bit of refreshment.  Officer Baker will see to the
prisoner." he stated and walked from the room, followed by Daren
and the two troopers.

Baker, now alone with the woman again, walked behind her
and squatted down.  She gazed at the blistering red bottom
then touched it.  Diane, in her stupored state, uttered a soft moan.

"Only four more strokes to go," Baker stated, "and I'll be they
will be really hard ones.  You know what the Judge will do
when I tell him you tried to bribe me into helping you escape?"
Baker added as she started to pinch Diane's sex lips.

Diane cringed and remained silent.

"He will probably triple your punishment.....maybe even give
you ten days on the Women's  Work Farm." she continued as
she slipped her fingers into Diane's sex hole.

"I know the Warden there.  She likes big tits like these," Baker
chided as she went from Diane's sex to her hanging breasts, and
started to knead and pinch them.  She pulled and twisted on the
nipples, rubbing the large nubs to erection.  She took a firm grip
on the nipples and stared to shake them.

Diane shut her eyes and remained silent, hoping that this cruel
woman would tire of her sport.  She gave the tits some final
shakes and pinches and went back around to Diane's upturned
and very vulnerable ass.   Baker started to goose the exposed
anus, smiling as Diane jumped everytime  she poked at the tiny
anal pucker.
------------------

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!  Baker started to slap
the bare bottom with a staccato type rhythm.

	"NO!  PLEASE NO MORE!  I CAN'T STAND IT!
	Diane screamed.

Just then the men walked back into the room.

"What goes on here," the Judge asked.

"She was being verbally abusive, Your Honor," Baker replied.

"Well, in that case, Officer Baker, you can administer the final
four strokes." The judge directed.

Baker picked up the paddle and with a full swing aimed at the
direct center of the big bottom.  With all her force the paddle
landed with a sickening splat.  Diane's mouth opened in a 
wordless shriek.  Three more times the paddle struck the same
exact spot, the last delivered with particular forcefulness.

"There now, Mrs. Hughes, all done." the Judge chided.  "I hereby
declare this case closed.  Take your wife home, Counselor."

And the Judge, Baker, and the Troopers left.

It had cost Daren Hughes the price of a luxury car to set it all
up.  But worth every penny of it.  He looked at the blistering
red bottom.

"Ready to go home, dear?" he smiled.
