Archive-name: Bondage/jameybdy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jamey's Birthday


I originally wrote this as a belated Christmas gift for my husband
who asked me to post it.  It was my first attempt to post a story
I had written.  After he read it, he commented that I hadn't described
the characters, which wasn't necessary for him, since he knew the
people in the story.
--

"Okay, Amy, here's the key to the apartment," I said, "Beth should 
be here at 6:30.  We'll be home around 7:30.  I'll call from
the restaurant so you know to turn off the lights."

"No problem.  Anything we should do to be prepared?" she asked, flashing
a wicked grin.

"Well, Beth is bi, and you know where the toy chest is...  Just don't
wear yourselves out and make sure you're quiet when we get home.  
You know the rest of the plan."  I gave Amy a kiss and returned to 
my office.

Jamey arrived around 4:00 and waited for me to finish work at 4:30.  I
told him I needed to change before we went to dinner and stepped into
the store room to put on a more provocative outfit.  When I finished,
we left the office and headed out to a quiet little restaurant where
we could have a romantic, private dinner.  I gave him his presents
after we ordered.  The first was no big surprise-- a book he had been
looking for for several weeks.  The second brought a smile of delight
to his face; it was a leather paddle.  He tested out the weight and
the sting on his hand for a bit and looked across the table at me
again, his eyes bright in the candle light.  

"So you don't keep hurting your hands when you spank me, my love" I 
said in a throaty whisper and then kissed him deeply.  "Amy helped 
me pick it out that day we went shopping."

"I can't wait to get you home." he said, kissing me back and reaching
over to pinch a nipple.

"I'll bet."

The rest of dinner proceeded rather more quickly than I had hoped.  He
was more anxious about getting home and playing than he was interested
in eating the wonderful food or lingering in dark restaurant gazing into
my eyes.  I was worried, when I excused myself to go to the bathroom (and
to phone Amy) that we might be way ahead of schedule, but Beth was right 
on time for once in her life and they were just chatting and waiting for 
us to come home.

We paid the check, gathered up Jamey's gifts and headed out to the
car.  When we got to the car Jamey stopped me from climbing right
in.

"I want to try this," he said, holding the paddle up and looking at
it.  "Bend over slightly and put your hands on the hood."

I complied and was soon rewarded with a quick smack on my ass.  It was
just a light smack, but even through the leather mini skirt I felt a 
warming sting spread over my butt cheeks.  He reached up under my skirt 
and squeezed my cheeks.

"Mmmmmmm, nice and warm.  This will be fun.  Let's go," he said as he
stepped back so I could stand and kissed me again.

When we arrived at the apartment he pressed me up against the back of
the door and kissed me deeply.  He kissed and licked and nibbled down
each side of my neck and into my cleavage, pressing his body against
mine and rubbing his hardening cock against my pelvis through our
clothes.

"Time to play," he said.  "Why don't you show me what you've got on
under that skirt and jacket."

I stepped into the middle of the room while he settled onto the couch.
I began to sway my hips and shoulders, doing a sort of a strip tease,
while I unbuttoned my jacket and pulled it off.  Then I unzipped the
skirt and dropped it to the floor.  He smiled.  I was wearing a black
basque, stockings, and pumps.  I ran my hands down my hourglass figure,
my palms gliding over the sides of my full breasts, in at my waist,
and back out at my hips.  I flicked my long reddish brown hair back
from my face with a toss of my head and gazed at my love with firey
green eyes.  This was not a new outfit, since I have a hard time finding
lingerie that will fit my large chest, but it was quite pleasing to us both.

"Come over here, slut," he said, getting into his Top voice.  "Lay
your body over my legs and get ready.  I'm glad you had enough
foresight to skip putting on panties.  Now, I'm not sure how hard
to spank you with this yet, so we'll start out slow and I'll keep
hitting harder until you call out your safe word.  If you can
take it, you'll get my birthday spanking, okay?  Do you think you
can take 27 blows?"

I nodded and hugged his legs.  "I'm ready, my love," I said quietly.

The first smack was quite light, as he was careful to learn the weight
of the paddle.  Successive blows made me gasp and shriek, but I did 
not call out the safe word.  He would pause after every 5 blows and
look at his work.  Caressing my inflamed skin, he would comment on
how lovely the redness was and how hot my flesh had become.  I could
feel his cock hardening under my body and I longed to wrap my lips
around it.  More blows came, stronger and stronger each time.  My
ass was burning with heat and stinging beyond belief.  I cried and
worried that I might pass out, but I managed to take all 27 blows.
When he was done he caressed my ass cheeks a bit more and then gathered
me up in his arms, sat me on his lap, and kissed me again.

"Thank you, Janice," he said.  "You never cease to amaze me."

I could feel his cock straining against his pants and pressing up
against my well paddled ass.  I slid off his lap and removed his shoes.
My eyes locked with his lovely light blue eyes as I worked to remove
his clothing from his tall, broad frame.  His face was framed with
light blonde spiky hair and a darker goatee.  His glasses had become
fogged in the heat of the paddling and he took them off to wipe them
as he smiled down at me.  I took off his belt, pants, and underwear 
while he removed his shirt.  I took his hardened cock into my hand 
and slid my mouth down over the glans.  I licked the head and took 
just the tip into my mouth and massaged it with my lips.  As I began 
to slide my mouth up and down on his cock I stuck my ass out so that 
he could see the redness and rub my skin.  I pulled back and tightened 
my lips around his cock, creating great suction and causing him to gasp 
as I slid my mouth up and down his shaft.  After a few minutes, he lifted 
my head and looked down at me.

"I want to be in you.  Kneel on the couch."

I did so, and he stood behind me.  I felt his cock slide past my
lips and into my pussy.  I was very wet from the spanking and
giving the blow job and I thrust back against him to press him
in even deeper.  He grasped my hips and began to pump into me,
occasionally slapping my cheeks again.  The burning in my ass
cheeks and the feeling of his balls smacking up against my clit as
he stroked his cock in and out of my warm, slippery pussy drove
me over the edge and I cried out in orgasm several times and 
eventually collapsed against the back of the couch.

"Let's go to the bedroom," I murmured.

He pulled out, lifted me up from the couch, and followed me
to the bedroom.  At the door, I stopped, lifted the blindfold
he had given my for my birthday off the knob, and told him to
turn around so I could put it on him.

"What have you got planned, you wicked little slut?" he asked
as he turned and bent his knees so I could tie the blindfold
over his eyes.

"You'll find out in a minute," I said, as I opened the door and
led him inside.

Amy and Beth were standing silent at the end of the bed.  Each
gave me a smile and a wink.  They were both nude, as had been planned.
Beth is only about 5', but has quite large (almost as large as mine)
breasts and a beautiful round face framed in long red hair.  Amy stands
closer to my height of 5'5", with shoulder length brown hair; she is
slender and has smaller, pointed breasts.  I told Jamey to stand where 
he was as I crawled across the bed to turn on the lamp, then I guided
him down onto the bed.  I straddled his chest and pulled up restraints
which I began to secure around his wrists.  Amy attached the
left ankle restraint while Beth did the right.  As soon as they
touched Jamey, he tensed up, and then smiled.  He murmured his
thanks to me as I leaned down to kiss him when I finished his
wrists.

"Okay, Jamey.  Now you know we have guests.  I expect you to treat
them well.  I know it's your birthday, but these lovely ladies expect
to get something for their troubles of coming over here.  You will
be asked to identify each of us through several different tactile
tests.  If you guess incorrectly, I will use your birthday gift
on you.  Are you ready?"

"Yes."

First Beth leaned down and licked the head of his semi-erect cock.
She breathed and nibbled over it and finally sucked the head into
her mouth.  She bobbed up and down on his cock for a moment and then
let it slip back out.  Jamey sighed and said he'd need a little more
play to make a guess, but I told him he had no more time to guess.

"Okay, it was you," he said, knowing it was wrong and smiling his
smart ass smile.

"Turn over, the restraints are tied in the middle so you can roll.
If you continue to smart off you'll get multiple smacks."

I had never spanked him, and I was afraid to hurt him, but I didn't
want to do a less than perfect job.  Carefully, I slapped him three 
times with the paddle and admired the red patches that were rising
in his white flesh.  I rubbed the hot skin gently, kissed each cheek,
and then turned him over again.

Next Amy knelt above his face and pushed her pussy against his mouth.
He began to lick her lips and search around for her clit.  When he found
it, he latched on and sucked her clit while occasionally sliding his
tongue back down her lips and into her.  She began to grind on his face
and then pulled away suddenly.

"Uh, Beth," he said.  Not knowing if he was goofing off or not, I gave
him just one smack that time.

I straddled his head and brought my pussy to his lips while I leaned
down and sucked his cock into my mouth.  It began to harden again as
I wrapped my warm, wet mouth around it and sucked.  I pumped up and 
down the length of his shaft, sucking hard and licking the seam at 
the base of his head while I rubbed his perineum.  I slid my mouth all
the way down, until my chin touched his abdomen and he groaned under
my pussy with the pleasure of being deep throated.  He sucked and licked 
my lips and clit, alternately flicking his tongue over my clit and sucking 
hard on it.  I began to thrust against his face and groaned as he brought
me to another orgasm sucking hard on my clit.

"Ah, that was my lovely wife," he said.

Then Amy knelt between his legs and began to suck his cock while Beth
placed her breasts near his face and he began to nibble and suck at
her nipples.  Amy plunged her head down and took his cock all the way
down her throat again and again.  Beth rubbed her breasts against his
face and mouth and he strained to grab and suck on her nipples.  They
continued this game until Amy got tired.  He guessed Amy was on his
cock and Beth was at his face and was rewarded by being untied and
having the blind fold removed.

He remained lying in the middle of the bed while we all crawled over 
the bed around him.  Amy and I settled on either side of his hips
and Beth moved up next to his head.  While he watched Amy and I share
his cock, each sucking on it and kissing each other around it, Beth
kissed and caressed him and he caressed her breasts and sucked her
nipples.  He reached over and began to rub her pubic mound and his
fingers found their way to her clit.  She began moaning and thrusting
her hips as he fingered her.  Meanwhile, Amy and I had made his cock
very hard and we worked a condom onto him and moved out of the way.
Beth swung her legs over him and straddled his cock, sliding it into
her pussy in one quick thrust.  As he held her hips and thrust up at
her, Amy sucked one nipple and I sucked the other.  Seeing the three
of us women all together must have been driving Jamey crazy with lust,
but he knew that he couldn't cum yet, so he concentrated on giving us 
pleasure knowing that eventually he would have one of the best orgasms
of his life.  After a few minutes of grinding and thrusting, with Amy 
and myself trying to keep her breasts in our mouths as she jerked around, 
Beth let out a scream and collapsed on Jamey's chest as she came.  She 
climbed off and lay next to Jamey.

Jamey pulled off the condom and Amy put another on and asked him to 
climb on top of her.  She lay down and spread her legs apart and he
slid his cock right into her.  Amy has pierced nipples and he leaned
down to suck one into her mouth as he thrust into her.  I leaned in
and took the other nipple into my mouth and tugged on the ring while
I flicked my tongue over the nipple.  She raised her knees up and then
stretched her legs straight up in a V.  Jamey sat back and grabbed her
knees, pulling them in front of him, wrapped his arms around her legs, 
and began to buck against her vigorously.  I sucked her left nipple and 
played with the nipple and ring on her right breast as he pounded into 
her.  Then I slid my left hand down and began to rub her clit and he slid
in and out.  She moaned deeply and shook all over as she came.  Jamey
slid out of her and leaned down to kiss her pussy.

We all lay back for a bit, resting and caressing each other.  Each person
sucked nipples and caressed breasts, licked and fingered pussies, and
sucked and stroked Jamey's cock until we were energized again.  This
time, I leaned against the headboard with pillows piled up behind me.
Beth lay on her stomach between my legs and began to lick and finger me.
Amy had gotten up and put on my strap-on with the big pink dildo.  She
knelt between Beth's legs and began to slide the dildo into her pussy.
Then Jamey stood at the end of the bed, slid on a condom, rubbed a lot
of lube over his cock and Amy's ass, and began to slide into her.  We
all began to rock together in a rhythm, each of Jamey's thrusts driving
Amy's strap-on into Beth and Beth's hand and mouth into me.  All of the
licking and fingering had gotten me very wet and Beth told us all to
watch, she was going to try something.  Jamey and Amy held still for
a moment to watch as Beth slid a fourth finger and then her thumb
into my pussy.  With a little more twisting around and pushing, she
slid her whole hand into my pussy.  We were all amazed.  Silently, Jamey
began to thrust slowly into Amy's ass again and she pressed into Beth's
pussy with the dildo strapped to her hips and Beth's arm slid a little
bit further in and out as she licked my clit some more.  Soon we had
increased our thrusts again and were all going at each other in a frenzy.
I began to scream and moan as Beth's manipulations brought me to a
huge orgasm.  My excitement seemed to break the silent tension that had
built up in the room and both Beth and Amy let loose with cries and moans
as they came too.  Jamey pulled out of Amy's ass and Amy pulled out of
Beth and we all lay back on the bed again.

Jamey still wasn't finished, and he had waited a long time to cum, so he
straddled my chest and licked between my breasts.  I pushed them together
and he slid his cock between them and began to thrust.  Amy and Beth
watched with hazy interest as Jamey's cock slid up and down between my
breasts.  I tilted my head down to watch the head of his cock periodically
pop up between my breasts and stuck my tongue out to lick the precum off
of it.  He continued pumping his cock between my breasts and looking down
on these three naked women who had just fucked him.  It didn't take long, 
due to all the previous stimulation, for him to reach the point of cumming 
and he leaned back and shot his cum all over my breasts and face.  Then he 
watched as Beth sucked my nipples and licked his cum off of my breasts and 
Amy kissed me and licked his cum off of my face.  Then I took his cock in my 
mouth once more and cleaned up the last drops of cum.

"Happy birthday, Jamey," we mumbled as we all drifted off to sleep.
--
