JAMIE'S LUST
By Robert Michael Shook
 
 
 
Jamie stood behind the trees in the small park for most of the 
morning, waiting for the right person to wander by. Several times 
he thought that the moment had come, but once he say that upon 
closer inspection, the little boy that he thought he had seen was in 
reality a little girl. Little girls were not what he was looking for.
 
The second time Jamie's heart began to race, when he seen a boy 
who looked like he was six or seven come into the brush near the 
trees. The boy was beautiful. He was wearing a tiny pair of 
Speedos, which showed off his little bulge.
 
As soon as the little boy was in the bush, he began tugging on his 
speedo's, and Jamie watched wide eyed as the bathing suit came 
down the boys hips and then legs, exposing a cute little circumcised 
prick. Nestled under the boy's dick were two little balls, about the 
size of marbles.
 
Jamie watched as the little boy pulled off his suit, and as he 
crouched down towards the ground. Jamie thought that the boy was 
about to take a shit, but he didn't. Squatting, the little boy held onto 
his little penis and pissed onto the ground beneath him.
 
Jamie watched as the stream of little boy piss flooded from the little 
organ. He watched eagerly as the last drops found their way out of 
the narrow piss slit, and the boy shook himself to complete his task.
 
Jamie's own cock began to rise, as he watched the boy continue to 
shake his penis. It was obvious that there was no more urine to be 
released. The boy seemed to be getting off on playing with his little 
dick. Jamie smiled. This would make things all that much easier, he 
thought.
 
Within a few seconds the little boy's dick began to rise. Jamie was 
happy to see that hard, the kid's boner was about three and a half 
inches. The right size for sucking, Jamie thought to himself. Just 
when Jamie was about to make his presence known to the 
masturbating boy, he caught sight of another boy heading into the 
clearing.
 
The little boy looked up at the boy as he approached, but did not 
stop stroking his dick. The older boy stopped, looked at him, and 
then shook his head, smiling at him.
 
"Mommy and Daddy went to the store down the corner to get 
something to drink," The boy told his little brother, "I told them that 
I would watch you, so we gotta be quick."
 
With that, the older boy pulled down his short pants, revealing his 
own Speedos, which were tented out in the front with his obvious 
erection. The boy's brother looked as if he were about twelve. Jamie 
decided that twelve was about right when the older boy pulled down 
and off his Speedos, exposing an erection about four and a half 
inches long, topped with a sparse sprinkling of pubic hair.
 
The older boy dropped to his knees, and pulling his little brother to 
him, he placed his mouth over his erection. While the little boy 
wiggled his butt around, his brother sucked up and down on the 
boy's hard-on. After a few seconds the little boy's buttocks 
clenched together and he trust himself deeply inside of his brother's 
mouth. Jamie could see that the little boy was climaxing.
 
After a few more seconds the older boy released the boy's, now 
wilted, dick from his mouth. He spread his short pants down on the 
ground, and sat on them. Positioning himself so that his buttocks 
were directly on the shorts, he laid back and motioned to his little 
brother to suck him. The little boy laid down beside his older 
brother and laid his head on his stomach. He began playing with the 
older boy's erection. When the older boy put his hand on the 
younger's head, the little boy opened his mouth, and moved 
forward to take the hard-on into his mouth.
 
The little boy sucked on his big brother like he was sucking on a 
baby bottle. Jamie watched as the little mouth bobbed up and down 
the length of the boy's erection. Jamie sighed. The little kid 
obviously had no problem deep throating a large cock. Jamie was 
depressed that he had not gotten to the boy before his older brother 
showed up.
 
"Yeah, suck it!" moaned the older boy, grabbing onto the sides of 
his brother's head and moving it up and down on his cock. The 
older boy began pumping his erection in and out of the little boy's 
mouth. Jamie knew that the boy could not last any longer. He half 
wanted to go in and join them, but he was too afraid to do so.
 
The little boy stopped his sucking, and laid there passively as his 
older brother fucked his mouth. No matter how deep the older boy 
pushed into the little boy's mouth, the boy took it without choking. 
Jamie was sure that the little boy had had a lot of practice sucking 
his older brother off.
 
With a few more thrusts, the boy pushed himself deeper inside the 
boy's mouth and stopped. Jamie could see the boy's body spasming 
as he shot his load into his brother's mouth. The little boy gasped 
for air, and when he did this the older boy pulled out of his throat a 
little, allowing the boy to breathe.
 
Jamie watched as the boy's cock spurted another stream of semen 
into the younger boy's mouth. Jamie had a hard-on that wouldn't 
quit. He was tempted to masturbate, however, he decided that if he 
did he could ruin his chance for totally enjoying any boy that might 
wander by. He wanted to be as horny as possible when he chance 
came.
 
The little boy's head laid on his big brother's stomach long after the 
older boy came in his mouth. The big boy's cock was still in his 
mouth, but short of a few quick sucking movements now and then, 
both boys laid still.
 
Finally the boys parted and stood up to get dressed again. Just as the 
older brother was pulling his Speedo's and shorts back on, the little 
boy turned to him and asked, "You wanna lick my butt hole again?"
 
The older boy hesitated and looked at his little brother's cock. It was 
hard again. The older boy considered the request for a moment, and 
looked off towards the clearing to see if anyone was coming.
 
"OK, I'll lick your hole, but you gotta let me put it in again." The 
older boy said, once again pulling his clothing back down. Jamie 
noticed that the older boy's dick was beginning to rise again. The 
older brother had made his counter offer, and Jamie hoped that the 
little one would agree. He had never seen two boys fucking before, 
but he had always wanted to watch it.
 
"I don't like it when you put it in my butt, it hurts." complained the 
little boy. "You can do it between my legs, I'll hold them real tight."
 
"No deal. Your asshole and I will lick your butt. I'll do it real good 
and put my tongue up inside of you." the older boy countered.
 
Jamie realized that the little boy must love having his asshole 
sucked, because after only a few seconds consideration, he said, 
"OK, but you gotta go slow so it doesn't hurt."
 
With that the little boy got down onto his knees and the older boy 
knelt behind him. Taking one buttock in each hand, the older boy 
spread the cheeks of his little brother. Leaning forward, he let his 
tongue run along the little boy's crack.
 
The little boy moaned with pleasure as the older boy got into licking 
his brother's ass. Jamie had a perfect view to watch as the older 
boy's tongue parted the little hole, and then began snaking its way 
inside of the boy's anus.
 
The boy was not a novice at ass licking. Jamie decided that this was 
something that he did to his little brother fairly often. Jamie gasped 
as he seen the boy's entire tongue disappear up the little boy's tail. 
The older boy began tongue fucking his little brother's asshole. The 
boy gasped, sighed, and pushed his bottom back against the fucking 
tongue.
 
Jamie watched as the little boy reached for his erection and began 
wildly masturbating himself. It took only about a dozen or so 
strokes before the little boy was gasping with his little boner 
throbbing in his hand.
 
"OK, now my turn." the older boy said, spitting into his hand and 
wiping it along the length of his erection. The little boy looked back 
as his brother wiped the rest of his spit along his crack. Moving into 
position, the older boy placed his dick up against the boy's tiny 
hole, and pushed slightly forward.
 
"Remember, keep it loose," gasped the older boy. "Don't hold it tight or
it will hurt." The little boy grunted in response, as he felt his
brother's dick head penetrate his little asshole. "Ouch!" The little boy
cried, "Take it easy!" 
 
"Sorry. Man your fucking ass is tight. Lay on your belly and I can 
get in easier." his brother said, rubbing the little boy's back in a 
comforting manner.
 
The little boy laid on his stomach, and his brother climbed on top of 
him. For a few minutes Jamie could not see the entry process, but 
he could certainly hear it.
 
"Ouch! Slower"
 
"Stop for a minute."
 
"OK go in more. SLOW!" 
 
and finally,
 
"OK, fuck me!"
 
Jamie watched as the older boy lifted himself up off the little boy's 
buttocks. He could see the boy's dick as he left the little asshole. He 
watched wide-eyed as the boy pushed forward again, and his dick 
disappeared back inside the little hole.
 
"Come on do it fast, before Mom and Dad come looking for us." the 
little boy complained.
 
"OK, sure, but don't make a lot of noise." The older boy croaked, 
as he began to speed up his fucking in his brother's ass. Jamie 
watched as the boy began to bounce faster and faster in the kid's 
little asshole. After a few minutes the older boy pulled out, and 
grabbed the little boy's legs.
 
"I gotta do it like this. I'll cum faster." he panted, as he pulled his 
brother's legs up into the air and placed them on his shoulders. With 
one quick thrust, which produced a fairly loud gasp from the little 
boy, he was back inside of the little asshole, and was fucking the 
kid's ass off.
 
Jamie liked watching them in that position, as he could see each in 
and out stroke. He could also see the little boy's asshole expand and 
contract as the dick moved in and out of it. The older boy began to 
thrust wildly, and it was obvious that he was about to cum. With a 
loud gasp, and one final powerful trust, he buried himself deeply 
inside the little boy's asshole and came.
 
Jamie could see the older boy's buttocks tense and relax, and he 
knew that each time the boy tensed, he was shooting his seed into 
his little brother's ass. Finally the tensing stopped and the boy laid 
motionlessly inside the little boy's body.
 
Slowly the older boy pulled his penis out of the boy's asshole. 
Jamie watched as the little hole began quivering and spasming with 
the aftershocks of the fuck that it has just experienced. The little hole 
opened and closed on its own, the little boy having no control over 
the movements of his sphincter.
 
"Let's get outta here," the older boy said, and both boys got up and 
began pulling their clothes back on. When they were dressed, the 
older boy straightened his little brother's suit out a little and then 
straightened his hair. Lifting the boy's face up towards his, he 
lowered himself and kissed the little boy on the lips.
 
"Thanks Mickey, that was great."
 
Mickey, Jamie repeated to himself. He was sure that he would be 
there again, and he would be waiting for him. He wanted to suck the 
kids cock, and he wanted to feel himself cum in the little boy's 
mouth. More than anything, however, he wanted to feel what it was 
like to fuck a little boy in the asshole.
 
When the two boys left the trees, Jamie could no longer contain 
himself. Pulling his pants down to his knees, he stroked his cock 
exactly five times, and then he spurted his semen up against the tree 
that he had been humping for the last twenty minutes. Exhausted, 
Jamie headed for home, deciding that tomorrow was another day.
 
 
Jamie was a virgin. It wasn't that he was a virgin from lack of desire. 
He wanted, badly, to have sex with another boy. He was too afraid to 
approach his age mates, for fear of being labeled as queer. He has 
lusted after boys a year or two younger than  he was, but he was also 
afraid that they would tell someone, and thus ruin his life.
 
It was around the time that Jamie decided that boys his age were to 
risky to approach for sex, that he started hatching his plan to have sex 
with younger boys...little boys. He figured that he would not have 
any trouble getting them to do what he wanted, because he was 
bigger than they were. He also knew that he could threaten them into 
silence. Jamie's days and nights were filled with fantasies of 
grabbing unsuspecting little boys and taking their clothes off. He 
would then make the kids suck his dick until he came in their mouths. 
He decided that he would make them swallow his cum, especially 
after the sex between the two brothers that he had witnessed.
 
His fantasies took on a new direction after witnessing the park sex, as 
he now wanted to feel his dick inside of a little boy's asshole. Every 
time that he thought about that, or relived the sex between the two 
brothers, he ended up with a hard-on, and ran to the bathroom to 
masturbate. Short of his masturbation and fantasies, Jamie had never 
really had sex. He didn't count the brief exploration that he had had 
with his little cousin, because he really didn't have time to get into it.
 
Jamie's mother had agreed to watch the, almost two-year-old, boy 
while his mother went to work. Jamie always found it boring having 
to keep the kid occupied. He didn't really think of him as a sex 
object, until that is, his mother had him take the little boy with him 
when he took his bath. His mother figured that it would save both 
time and her having to get wet bathing the little boy.
 
The first time that Jamie brought the little boy into the bathroom and 
undressed him, his feelings about the little boy changed. Jamie 
enjoyed the fact that he could undress the little kid. He did so slowly, 
wanting to enjoy each and every minute of it. When he had the kid 
standing in front of him in just his little underpants, he turned him 
around so that he could see him from all angles. Slowly Jamie pulled 
the boy's underpants down, until his little pink dick popped into 
view. Jamie's eyes opened wide when he saw that the little boy was 
not circumcised. There was a little tent covering the tip of the boy's 
cock, and Jamie thought that it looked beautiful.
 
Jamie took his time washing the little boy. As he sat in the tub, he 
made the boy stand in front of him. Slowly and deliberately he ran his 
soap covered hands over the boy's dick and balls, eventually getting 
the response which he was looking for, the boy got hard.
 
All under the pretense of washing him, Jamie let his soapy hand slide 
up and down the boy's little erection. Jamie couldn't believe that a 
hard-on could be so small. It could not be any more than two inches 
long, he thought to himself.
 
Jamie giggled to himself as the boy's hard-on started to throb, and the 
little boy's legs began to wobble under him. "Shit," he whispered to 
himself, "He's getting off." The little boy smiled at Jamie's swearing, 
however, did not indicate whether or not he liked having his dick 
stroked.
 
Jamie let about half of the bath water out of the tub, so that it just 
came up to about crotch level. Taking the bar of soap in his hand, he 
soaped down his entire front, making sure that his erection was 
totally soapy. He reached out and covered the front of his little cousin 
with soap as well, and then pulled the little boy down on top of him.
 
The little boy giggled, wondering what new game they were going to 
play. Jamie pulled apart the little boy's legs and moved him until his 
erection was resting between the kid's legs. Once there, Jamie pushed 
the boy's legs back together again, and told him to squeeze his legs 
real hard. The boy giggled again, and complied, sending shivers up 
and down the older boy's spine.
 
Starting out slowly, wanting to see if the little boy would freak, Jamie 
began humping up against the little boy. The boy only giggled, and 
humped back down against him. 'Good,' he thought to himself, 'He 
thinks that it is a game.'
 
Jamie began to hump up against the boy in earnest, holding onto his 
little buttocks as he drove his hard-on in and out between the boy's 
legs. Feeling like he was about to cum, Jamie slowed down a bit and 
then stopped. He knew that he could get away with being in the 
bathroom longer because he had to wash his cousin, so he decided to 
take his time and fuck him between his legs for as long as he could.
 
Laying still, he grabbed a hold of the boy's hips, and then began 
lifting the boy up, and then letting him slide back down on his 
erection. This felt good, and the boy seemed to think that it was a fun 
game. Jamie slid the little soapy body up and down his dick until he 
felt like he was going to cum again, and then he stopped.
 
Wanting to try another position, he turned the little boy around and 
told him to get on his hands and knees like a little doggy. The little 
boy complied and barked a few times, wiggling his little bottom 
around like he had a tail. Watching the little boy's buttocks wiggling 
in front of him made Jamie even harder, and wanting to cum between 
the boy's cheeks.
 
Positioning himself behind the boy, Jamie slid his cock between the 
boy's legs and told him to squeeze him and wiggle his butt around 
like a little doggie. The boy laughed and began squeezing the life out 
of his dick. When Jamie reminded him to wiggle his butt, the boy 
began grinding and wiggling his butt in exaggerated movements. It 
felt so good to Jamie that he knew that he couldn't last, he had to 
cum. He was thrusting madly in and out of the boy's legs, and just as 
he was about to cum, he grabbed onto the boys hips, told him to 
stop, and placed his penis up against the boy's anus.
 
When Jamie came, he came hard. The semen squirted out of his dick 
with force and splashed up against the small boy's hole. Each squirt 
sent spasms throughout Jamie's body, and pushed his dick up tighter 
against the boy's tiny hole.
 
A combination of soap and cum must have been what was needed for 
the situation, because on the next spasm and forward thrust, the head 
of Jamie's dick penetrated the boy's rectum, and the following stream 
of cum shot directly into the boy's body. The little boy shuttered a 
little when the head of his cousin's cock entered him, but he did not 
cry out or pull away. Jamie felt his dick slide a little more inside of 
the boy, and he felt himself release more cum inside of the little boy. 
By the time that he had finished cumming inside of the boy, he saw 
that about half of his erection was buried into the little child's 
backside.
 
Quickly and carefully Jamie withdrew his cock from the boy's 
bottom. It felt really great to have the boy's insides rubbing against 
his dick as it pulled out. Jamie quickly washed the boy's bottom off 
and tried to see if there were any cum inside of him.
 
Jamie parted the boy's buttocks and pried apart the tiny opening to 
look inside. He gasped when he saw his first asshole up close. He 
was tempted to kiss it and perhaps lick it, but he didn't want to 
chance anything further with the little boy. He had already gone too 
far with him and was hoping that the boy would not say anything to 
either of their mothers.
 
Jamie rested easily when come bed time, the little boy still hadn't said 
anything. He promised himself that when they took baths together 
again, he would not put his dick inside the boy's asshole. He would 
keep his dick between his legs and cum there.
 
Jamie was unaware that there was such a thing as ass fucking. He 
had heard, of course, "Fuck You" and all of that, and he had even 
heard conversations about kids who liked to be cornholed, like that 
kid everyone called queer in 6th grade, but he never made the 
connection that any of this meant sticking your dick in someone's 
asshole.
 
Jamie was tempted to go into the room where his little cousin slept, 
and fool around with him before he jacked off, but he dismissed that 
thought. He didn't want to get caught by his mother having sex with 
a, not yet, two-year-old boy.
 
Early the next morning Jamie was awoken by a small body jumping 
up and down on his stomach. He opened his eyes to see his little 
cousin siting on his chest in his underpants. The boy's crotch was 
only a few inches away from his mouth, and so he opened his mouth, 
leaned his head forward, and play bit the boy's genitals. The boy 
screeched and giggled.
 
A few seconds later Jamie's mother appeared in the door, looking like 
she had been woken up by the racket. Looking at the little boy wide 
awake, she asked Jamie to keep him in with him and try to get him to 
go back to sleep.
 
Jamie managed to get the little boy to crawl under the covers with 
him, and the little boy cooed as Jamie rubbed his chest and belly, 
spending a little time squeezing and tweaking his little nipples. The 
little boy settled down when Jamie slid his hand down inside of his 
under pants and began caressing his little cock and balls. After being 
masturbated to a bumpy climax, the little boy settled down a bit.
 
Jamie decided to be a little braver, and took the boy's hand and 
pushed it down inside of his underpants. The little boy wasted no 
time in feeling the older boy's erection. Jamie pulled his underpants 
down a little, rolled onto his back, and placed his hand over the little 
boy's. Slowly Jamie began masturbating himself using the boy's 
hand. When he was sure that the little guy got the idea, he released 
his hand and told his cousin to do it to him.
 
The little boy's movements were awkward at first, but with a little 
practice he soon started giving a pretty good hand job. After a few 
minutes of fairly good stroking, Jamie felt his body tense, and before 
he could stop it, he shot his load onto the chest and belly of the little 
boy.
 
"Yuck!" was all that the boy said, but Jamie quieted him down, and 
reached into his night stand to get a cloth to wipe the boy off with. 
Once he was cleaned up, he was happy again, and he snuggled up 
against his older cousin and fell asleep.
 
Jamie laid awake watching the little boy sleep. He pulled back the 
covers a bit, and then pulled the boy's underpants down enough so 
that he could see him clearly, but not enough so that if someone came 
in, he couldn't get them up in time.
 
Jamie gently caressed the boy's penis and testicles while he slept. 
Watching the boy, Jamie got an idea. He knew about cock sucking. 
He had never done it before, but all the boys talked about it in school, 
and made jokes about it. The told stories about which girls sucked 
cock and, of course, they told how the little gay kid in the 6th grade 
liked to suck dick as well.
 
Jamie had never seen it, nor experienced it, until one afternoon in the 
locker room at school. All the kids piled into the shower, ad the coach 
went into his office to answer a telephone call. Jamie looked around 
the shower and took in all of the naked bodies. About half of the kids 
were his age, and they had hair around their dicks. He was attracted 
to them, but more so he was attracted to the younger and smaller ones 
who did not have any hair around their limp little dicks.
 
Whenever they would bend over to wash their legs, or to pick up a 
dropped bar of soap, and their little assholes would come into view, 
Jamie thought that he would pop a boner right there. There were a 
few kids who would pop boners. If they were not part of the "in" 
crowd, they would be teased and called queer.
 
Jamie watched a couple of 13-year-olds talking in the corner. They 
were looking at the gay kid from the 6th grade. He was a real cute 
kid, kind of skinny, with real blonde hair and blue eyes. His butt 
looked soft like a girl's, and he had a small uncut dick set between a 
hairless groin. The kids started laughing, and one of them headed 
over to the entry way to the shower to keep watch. The other kids 
walked over to the gay kid, who seen them coming and cowered into 
the corner, pleading with them not to hurt him.
 
Jamie felt kind of sorry for the kid, but he knew that he couldn't get 
involved or he would be labeled queer as well. The leader of the 
pack, a kid with a mid-sized hard-on, told the kid to get on his knees. 
The kid complained, and told them that he didn't want to, but they 
told him that if he didn't they would beat the shit out of him there or 
after school.
 
The kid, tears streaming down from his eyes, got onto his knees. The 
older kid moved up to him, grabbed onto his hair, and pulled his head 
upward. Pushing his dick into the kid's face, he said "Suck it." The 
cried harder, but opened his mouth when the older kid raised his hand 
like he was going to hit him.
 
In a manner of moments it was obvious that the kid liked sucking 
dick. He stopped being a victim, and started sucking the older boy for 
all he was worth. He reached up and placed his hands on the older 
boy's buttocks and held him firm as he sucked him. The kid lasted 
for only a few minutes before he shot his load into the kid's mouth. 
The little gay kid didn't even consider spitting it out, he swallowed 
every drop.
 
The older boy was replaced by another, and the same process was 
repeated. Each kid was so hot, that he took only a short time to cum. 
By the time that they decided that enough was enough, the kid had 
sucked almost every boy off in the shower, including the other 
hairless ones. 
 
One of the older kids had turned to Jamie and said, "Hey, go get your 
dick sucked." when the coach came out from his office and the kid on 
the lookout told everybody to cool it. Jamie was half disappointed 
and half relieved that he hadn't been sucked off by the boy. He 
thought about that scene frequently while he was masturbating. He 
wanted to get his dick sucked. He was planning on trying to get the 
gay kid alone sometime so that he could get him to suck his dick. He 
knew, however, that he would want to suck the kid's cock as well, 
which was the reason why it had to be alone.
 
Jamie looked down at the sleeping little boy. His little erection looked 
so cute. He wondered what it would taste like. He decided that he 
could suck it while the boy was asleep, and if he were careful the boy 
would never know.
 
Pulling the covers down a little more, Jamie lowered his head to the 
boy's groin. There was a slight pee smell, but other than that things 
were fine. He reached out his tongue and made a tentative swipe at 
the little dick. The boy did not move. Encouraged by this, Jamie 
began softly licking the boy's hard-on. He let his tongue wander all 
over the length of the boy, and then down to his balls. Gently he took 
the tiny orbs into his mouth and sucked away on the boys scrotum. 
The little boy groaned in his sleep, but he did not wake up.
 
With one lunge, Jamie took his cousin's erection into his mouth, and let
it rest up against his tongue. It was little to be sure, but it tasted
good and felt great in his mouth. Jamie day dreamed about the
possibilities of having bigger dicks in his mouth. 
 
The older boy sucked away at the little boy's hard-on for about five 
minutes. The boy would wiggle around once in a while and grunt, 
however, he never woke up. Jamie was pleased to see that he could 
suck the little boy off in his sleep.
 
Jamie found that he could suck both the boy's dick and balls into his 
mouth at the same time, and did so for about five more minutes, until 
he felt the boy's dick begin to throb inside his mouth. Jamie counted 
the little pulses of the boy's dick. There were four of them. Jamie 
knew that if the boy had been old enough to cum, he would have had 
four shots of cum in his mouth.
 
Pulling the covers back up over them, Jamie reached for his cum 
towel. Turning the little onto his side so that his buttocks were facing 
him, he placed the towel in front of him under his balls. Jamie slid his 
dick between the boy's legs and slowly began to fuck him like that.
 
As Jamie was getting closer and closer to orgasm, he contemplated 
trying to stick his dick into the little boys asshole again. It had felt 
really great when he shot off his cum in the tight little hole, and felt 
even better as the little hole squeezed against him, trying to keep him 
inside when he was trying to pull out.
 
Jamie thought better of trying to fuck the little boy like that. He 
decided that he would try it again sometime in the shower when they 
were all slick, and not in the bed dry. The thoughts of putting his dick 
into the boy's asshole were all that was needed to send Jamie over the 
edge, and he shot his load between the boy's legs and onto the towel.
 
 
Because his little cousin had not really been an active participant in
their sex, Jamie never really considered it as being sex. To him it was
just another variation of masturbation. When he arrived home after
watching the two brothers having sex, and found his little cousin there
for the night, however, his thoughts on the subject changed. 
 
The little boy had been willing and eager to play in the shower and didn't
complain when his dick had gone up his asshole. He decided that if he got
a chance to take a bath with him during his stay, he would teach the boy
more, and turn him into a participant. He "popped a boner" looking at his
young cousin, and imagining those little lips wrapped around his dick. 
 
Jamie got his wish when, shortly after dinner when he announced that he
was going to take a bath, his father told him to take the little boy with
him. Jamie tried to look as if he were not pleased with the idea, but
inside he was elated. The little boy smiled and jumped around happily that
he was going to take a bath with his cousin again. 
 
Jamie wasted no time in stripping off himself and his cousin. He had
already seen him naked, and he was eager to get things going. While the
water was running, Jamie sat down on the toilet seat and began running his
hands over his cousin's body. He was pleased to see that when he reached
his dick, it was hard. 
 
Without having to be asked, the little boy reached out and began to fondle
Jamie like the older boy was doing to him. Jamie was very, very pleased.
He decided that it was time to go into the next phase of his plan.
Stopping pulling on the boy's dick, he told him that he had a new game
that they could play. He asked the little boy if he wanted to play, and
the boy shook his head, yes. 
 
"OK, we can play it, but its a secret between you and me. You can't tell
anybody, even your mom, that we did it, or that we feel each other's
dinks, OK?" 
 
The little boy nodded his head in agreement. "You gotta promise that you
won't tell anybody." Jamie pushed the subject, wanting to make sure. 
 
"I promise" the boy said with a solemn look on his face.
 
"OK. If you tell we will get in trouble, and I won't be able to play with
you anymore." 
 
" I won't tell."
 
"OK. Come here and stand up on the toilet seat." Jamie reached down and
picked the little boy up, placing him feet first on the seat. "OK, here
goes. When I get finished you gotta do it to me too, OK?" 
 
The little boy nodded his head, and Jamie wasted no time in bending down
and taking the boy's cock into his mouth. The little boy gasped as the
felt the older boy's lips surround his tiny tool, but he pushed his hips
forward instinctively, getting as much of him as possible inside the boy's
mouth. 
 
Jamie sucked away on his little cousin's dick for about three minutes, and
then opened his mouth wider and took his balls inside as well.  Careful
not to get his teeth in the way, Jamie sucked away and rolled the tiny
genitals around in his mouth. 
 
Jamie felt the tell-tale sign of the boy's orgasm, and felt the throbs of
the penis in his mouth. The boy had shot his load. Jamie kind of wished
that the boy was really shooting cum in his mouth, he wanted to taste it. 
 
After the little boy came down from his climax, Jamie told him to get down
from the seat and to get on his hands and knees in front of him.  After a
few seconds consideration, Jamie realized that this wasn't going to work.
The boy was just too short to be able to reach his dick, and so he told
him to stand up. In that position the little boy only hand to bend his
head a bit to take his dick in his mouth. Jamie smiled, thinking that the
boy was the perfect height to give blowjobs. 
 
The little boy did not hesitate when it came his turn to suck his cousin.
Jamie hadn't yet told him to take his dick in his mouth, when he felt the
boy's lips wrap around him. After a few adjustments to take care of teeth
problems, the little boy began to suck away. 
 
He wasn't good at sucking, but Jamie didn't know this, nor did he care.
The little mouth on his dick felt great. Jamie felt the boy take more of
him into his mouth, and he looked down to see the boy deep throating him.
Jamie realized that the boy was trying to get his balls into his mouth as
well, like he had done to him. The older boy stopped his cousin for a
moment and told him that his mouth was too small to take both at once, and
showed him how to suck on his balls alone. 
 
Whereas the boy might have been not so good at cocksucking, he was
delightful when it came to sucking balls. He took each balls into his
mouth separately and sucked away at it, and then took them both at once
and rolled them around in his mouth. Jamie was almost wondering if someone
had not already gotten to the little boy and taught him how to suck. 
 
Eventually Jamie figured out that by having the boy lay down on top of him
they could blow each other at the same time. They just fit in the
sixty-nine position, which made Jamie happy, because sucking each other at
the same time was one of the most delightful experiences in his entire
life. 
 
Jamie stopped after a few minutes and told the little boy that if he
sucked him really good and if he moved his mouth up and down on his dick
real good that he would be able to get some boy milk to come out of his
dick, and that it would taste really good. 
 
He told the little boy that when he felt the boy milk come out he should
drink it all, and that it would help to make his dick grow bigger to. The
boy nodded his head up and down in agreement and went back to his cock
sucking with a renewed interest. Jamie noticed that the boy's sucking had
improved, and that he was almost if he were on a mission. Jamie laughed to
himself as she thought that the little boy was on a mission...a cum
drinking mission. 
 
When the moment of truth came, the little boy did not disappoint Jamie.
The older boy released the younger's dick from his mouth, and told him to
get ready that the milk was going to shoot out. The little boy opened his
mouth wider and began sucking harder. Jamie felt his dick throb and shot,
one, two, three, four, and then five spurts of cum into the little boy's
mouth.  n Jamie was amazed. That was the most number of times that his
cock had ever spurted, and he felt like he had shot everything in his
balls into the boy's mouth. Jamie could never remember having had cum so
much. At first the little boy seemed to have a hard time dealing with the
onslaught of cum, but once he swallowed, he got the idea, and then
swallowed several more times to deal with the remainder of the load. 
 
The little boy took his cousin's penis out of his mouth and gave it a few
tugs with his little hands. When a bead of cum appeared at the opening of
his dick, the little boy bent down and licked it off. Jamie was amazed all
over again. The kid had taken all of his load, and he was still looking
for more. He knew that he was going to try to get it so that the kid slept
in his bed with him that night. He wanted to feed the little boy as much
cum as he could handle. 
 
The little boy licked his lips and then looked up at Jamie and smiled. 
Jamie got down onto his knees, took his cousin's face between his hands,
and kissed him on the mouth. On the second kiss the little boy kissed
back, and the two spent a few minutes at this sport. 
 
Eventually they had to get in the tub. They took turns washing each other.
Having the little boy get on his hands and knees, Jamie washed his little
backside. Spreading open the little boy's cheeks, Jamie glanced once again
at the tiny little opening. Throwing caution to the wind, Jamie decided
that he had to try it. 
 
Turning his cousin around, he asked him if he wanted to play another game.
The little boy jumped eagerly and said yes. Jamie told him that he would
lick his butt hole real good, and that he would stick his tongue up inside
of it. He told the little boy that it would feel really great, even better
than having his dick sucked. He asked the little boy if he wanted to try
it. 
 
"YES!" was the immediate reply.
 
Jamie held off for a moment. He still had one more part of the game to
explain. "Remember before when we took a bath and I put my dink between
your legs?" 
 
"Ah huh, that was fun."
 
"Remember before I squirted it slipped up inside your butt and I shot 
my milk up there?"
 
"Ah huh"
 
"Did that hurt?"
 
"No, only a little when it went way in." replied the little boy
 
"If I lick your butt real good, and put my tongue inside, can I put my
dick back inside your butt and move it in and out until I squirt? I will
make it all slippery so that it doesn't hurt." 
 
"Okay"
 
"You sure?"
 
"Yup"
 
Jamie was elated. He didn't think that it would be that easy. All he did
was to ask the kid if he could fuck his ass and he said yes.  Draining the
water from the tub, Jamie toweled both of them off, and then told his
cousin to lay down on his belly on the rug. 
 
Jamie laid down behind the boy and spread his legs wide open.  Grasping
the little buttocks in each hand, he separated them, and moved his mouth
between the boy's legs. He was happy to have done this after their bath,
because the boy's ass was nice and clean. 
 
Jamie began licking the outside of the boy's crack, letting his tongue
play over the tiny hole. When he pushed his tongue up against the little
opening he first met with resistance, but after a few more thrusts, he
felt it slip inside a little. Jamie tested the new activity.  He was
hoping not to taste boy shit, and he was pleased when all he was met with
was a wet, squishy tube. 
 
After a few minute's experimenting, Jamie was able to bury most of his
tongue inside of the little boy. For the next five minutes he ate out the
asshole of his little cousin, who loved every minute of the attention. The
little boy was grinding his buttocks up against the older boy's mouth, and
gasping with pleasure every time the tongue darted back inside of him. 
 
Figuring that the time was right, Jamie got up and got a squeeze bottle of
hand lotion that his mother used. He spread some of the lotion onto the
boy's little orifice, and some more onto his erection.  Positioning
himself over the boy's buttocks, he lowered himself and let the tip of his
penis rub up against the boy's hole. While amusing himself in this manner,
he repeated the instructions which he had heard the older brother give his
younger brother before he fucked him. 
 
"You gotta keep your butt nice and loose. Don't tighten it up or it will 
hurt, OK?'
 
Jamie saw the little boy's head nod up and down in understanding.  Pushing
forward there was a slight resistance, which quickly gave away, as Jamie
felt his dick begin to slide into the boy's body. He decided that he was
going to go slow so that he would not hurt the kid, and also because he
felt that if he moved any faster, he would cum before he got to fuck. 
 
Both boys worked in unison. Jamie maintained his slow forward motion while
his cousin wiggled his butt now and then to move the invading dick in the
right direction. Both boys sighed when finally Jamie felt himself come to
rest up against the boy's buttocks. He could not go any further forward,
he was completely inside of the boy. 
 
If anyone had asked Jamie to explain the feelings that he was experiencing
at that time, he would not have been able to. His experience did not cover
anything like that, and he could not have found the words to describe it
if he had to. 
 
The same could be said for his little cousin. He had had thermometers
stuck up his asshole in his time, and they had always given him a hard-on,
but he had never quite felt anything like that. If felt like he had to go
to the bathroom, only everything felt like it was backwards.  It had hurt
a little at first when his cousin started to move his dick inside of him,
but once he started to wiggle his butt around, and when he stopped trying
to tighten his ass, as his cousin suggested, it stopped hurting. Laying
there with his cousin's dick totally buried inside his body, he felt like
he had never felt before. It felt kind of good having the dick inside of
him, although he wondered if it were going to hurt when the older boy
started moving his dick in and out of his asshole. 
 
The little boy had no knowledge of fucking other than what he was picking
up at that moment, however, he was clever enough to realize that he was
going to do the same inside of his ass as he did when he put his dick
between his legs. The little boy remembered how fast and hard the boy had
rammed between his legs just before he was ready to squirt his milk, and
he shuttered at the thought of him doing that to his asshole. 
 
Any reservations that the little boy was having at the time quickly faded
when he felt the boy's hard-on beginning to slide in and out of him. The
feeling was unlike anything that he had ever experienced.  His dick grew
harder and bigger than he had ever remembered it to be, and something deep
inside of his asshole felt really good. 
 
Jamie was lost in a world of his own. He could not believe how hot, moist,
or tight his little cousin's asshole was. He couldn't believe how good
fucking felt. He knew right there at that moment that he was going to be
fucking the asses of little boys for a long time to come. It felt really
great, better than jacking off, and even better than being blown and
cumming in a boy's mouth. 
 
Jamie began to naturally increase the pace and force of his thrusts into
his little cousin's body. Because the had started slowly, and because
their excitement was growing at the same time, this increase in tempo did
not bother the little boy. 
 
Within a short period of time Jamie was fucking his cousin quite steadily.
Jamie could hear the sound that his balls and groin was making as it met
up with the boy's buttocks. Jamie realized that the sound was pretty loud,
and that if anyone were outside of the bathroom door they could hear it,
but he was too far gone to stop.  His parents could open up the bathroom
door at that moment, and he would not have been able to stop. He was
fucking his cousin, and he was going to cum in his ass, no matter what the
consequences might be. 
 
The little boy being bounced around on the bathroom floor was in full
agreement with his cousin at that moment. The dick slamming in and out of
him felt great. He could feel every inch of the boy's dick sliding in and
out of him, and he could feel the little jumps and pulses that it made. He
wanted to feel his cousin shoot his milk deep inside of his asshole, no
matter what. 
 
The speed and force of the fuck continued, and both boys began moaning
rather loudly as the both neared their climaxes. With several quick, deep
jabs, Jamie buried himself inside his cousin's ass and began shooting off.
As the cum shot from his body, Jamie felt as if his very life force was
being drained from his body. He came and came until he could cum no more,
and his dick still pulsed and tried to shoot what was not there anymore. 
 
The boys laid together, still mounted, for several moments after their
orgasms subsided, until a sudden knock on the door sent them scurrying to
separate. Jamie quickly cleaned off his cousin and then dressed him in his
clean underpants. Jamie was scared that whoever was knocking at the door
had heard them fucking. 
 
Wrapping a towel around him, Jamie opened the door. It was his dad. 
 
"Are you guys going to live in here?" he asked, looking strangely at the
two boys. A his eyes glanced around the bathroom, he noticed the hand
lotion on floor over near the tub. He noticed the flushed look of both
kids, and the color which was coming to his son's face.  Looking at the
towel laying on the floor, he noticed what looked like shit stains, only a
little diluted. 
 
"Sorry guys, but I have to use the bathroom. You are done anyways, aren't
you?" the father asked, noticing that his son looked as if he were going
to pass out from embarrassment. 
 
"Yeah Dad, we're through. Come on Larry, let's go watch t.v."
 
"Oh Jamie?"
 
"Yeah Dad?" the boy asked, looking as if he had seen a ghost.
 
"Since Larry seems to like jumping into your bed early in the morning and
waking us all up, why don't you let him sleep with you and then we can all
be in peace?" The man noticed that his son's cock jumped a little when he
made this suggestion, which caused the boy to redden even more. 
 
"OK Dad. No problem."
 
"No problem indeed," the man said to himself as his son and the little boy
left the room. "Damn, I know those two were fooling around" he said,
smiling to himself. Adjusting himself on the toilet seat, he reached down
to pick up the towel which was left on the floor by the boys. Just as he
was about to put it in the hamper, he noticed a familiar odor. He knew it
anywhere, it was cum. 
 
Opening the towel a little he noticed a fairly wet spot which was brownish
in color. He put the towel near his nose and inhaled, and for good measure
ran his finger through the little puddle and then put it in his mouth. 
 
"Cum!" he said out loud to himself. "Shit! Cum, and hand lotion." A wide
smile spread across the man's face. His son was not only playing around
with his little cousin, he had fucked the little shit.  From the look on
the little kid's face, he thought, he loved it too.  Damn, so little and
getting a dick up his ass already. 
 
The man wiped the wet stain from the towel onto his erection, and used
this as lubrication while he masturbated furiously with the thoughts of
his son and his little cousin butt fucking. The man remembered back to his
own childhood, when at nine he first butt fucked his five-year-old little
brother. Both boys liked it so much that they continued to do it every
chance they got. This continued until they got caught by their
twelve-year-old brother who agreed to remain silent for all the blowjobs
and butt fucks that he asked for. Both boys agreed, scared that the older
brother would tell their dad. 
 
The man remembered his boyhood and teenage years, and all of the little
asses that his dick found its way up inside of. The father decided that
his son was taking after him, for sure. He also decided that both boys
would be watched carefully by him from now on. He hoped that what he
assumed was true, that his son was butt fucking the little boy. He would
love nothing more than to watch them at it, unless, of course, it was
being able to slide his dick up their butts as well. Even though the
little boy was tiny, if his son opened his ass enough fucking him, it
might be possible. The man shot his load onto the floor with visions of
his dick in the mouths and up the asses of the two little boys. 
 
Jamie breathed a little easier when his dad came back down from the
bathroom, and sat down to watch t.v. He didn't say anything, and he didn't
look at him funny. He seemed to be back to his same old dad, kidding and
playing with both boys. When nine o'clock rolled around dad suggested that
both boys go to bed. Jamie started to protest, but his father stopped him,
telling him that the little boy would never go to sleep if he were there
alone. 
 
Jamie agreed, and tried to look upset about the whole thing, however,
inside he was elated. That would mean more time to fool around with the
kid. Once in bed, both boys lowered their underpants down to below their
balls, and reached for the other's dick. Jamie told Larry that they would
have to be careful until his parents went to bed so that they wouldn't get
caught. 
 
For the next hour the two boys caressed, masturbated, and kissed each
other. Every once in a while one of them would sneak their head below the
covers and suck the other's cock and balls, but they would quickly come
back above the covers in case one of the adults came in. 
 
Both boys heard the door knob turn and they quickly pulled up their under
pants, pretending to be asleep. A minute later the door closed and Jamie
heard his parent's bedroom door close. After waiting a few minutes to be
sure that they were in bed, Jamie got up and crept to his door. He looked
out and saw that the light in his parent's bedroom was off. 
 
Quietly he made his way down to the bathroom, where he quickly grabbed a
dirty towel from the laundry, and the bottle of hand lotion.  He had a
feeling that Larry would let him back up his butt, and he wanted to be
ready. 
 
When Jamie returned with the towel and lotion, Larry got a smile on his
face, and quickly pulled off his underpants. Jamie laughed, and pulled his
off as well before he got back into the bed. Naked, both boys rolled
around together feeling each other's bodies with leisure.  Both boys knew
that unless one of their parents got up to check on them, they would have
as long as they wanted to fool around. 
 
Just to make sure that they knew when someone was coming, Jamie got up and
put his baseball bat against the door. If the door were opened during
their sex play, the bat would alert them and they could at least pull the
covers over them and pretend to be sleeping. Once back in bed, Jamie
pulled the little boy on top of him and they settled down into a
sixty-nine. 
 
Jamie was right in his guess that he should bring the lotion to his
bedroom. Four times that evening little Larry let him up inside of his
rectum. Twice Jamie laid on top of the boy's buttocks, fucking him in that
position, the third time the little boy allowed Jamie to put his little
legs up on his shoulders and fuck him while he was laying on his back, and
the fourth position was one which they believed that they invented that
night. 
 
Jamie laid on his back, while Larry climbed up on top of him and lowered
himself down onto his cousin's erection, and then rode the boy's hard cock
until it filled him with more boy cum. Jamie licked his little cousin's
butt for what amounted to about an hour's time, and was elated when the
little boy offered to lick his as well. 
 
Jamie got his first butt fuck that night as well, and even though it was
with a miniature dick, it felt great. He wanted, more than ever, to feel a
bigger dick up in his ass. If it felt even half as good as fucking someone
in the ass, it would be great. 
 
On their last fuck, the one where Larry did the work, the two boys fell
asleep almost immediately after cumming. They had literally fucked
themselves to exhaustion. Larry leaned forward and fell asleep laying on
Jamie's chest. Jamie's dick was still in Larry's asshole, and this is the
position they were in when about an hour later, Jamie's dad stuck his head
into the room to check up on them, somehow knowing that he should only
open the door a crack, because if his son lived up to his expectations, he
would have set a trap to catch anyone trying to come in. 
 
He smiled, when he saw that he was right, and as he saw to the two boys
sound sleep, his son's dick still buried in his little cousin's ass.  From
the position that they were in, it was obvious that the boy had been
fucking himself on the older boy's dick. The man wanted more than anything
to get into bed with the two boys and fill their asses with his cum, but
his wife was home, and the timing was not yet right. He would have to wait
to sample sex with these two horney boys. 
 
Gently lifting the little boy off his son's penis, the man laid him back
down beside his son, and reached for the sheets to cover them with so that
his wife would not see them naked. Before pulling the sheet over them,
however, he reached out and gently took their penises into each of his
hands and caressed them. Covering them up, he quickly headed for the
bathroom, their smells still fresh on his hand to satisfy, his now, erect
cock. 
 
 
Jamie was a little disappointed the next morning that they did not 
wake up in time to fool around again before everybody got up. They 
had totally exhausted themselves the night before, and so they slept 
until Jamie's dad stuck his head in the door and told them to "rise 
and shine."
 
Jamie was even more disappointed when he learned that Larry was 
going to be picked up by his mother after breakfast. It meant that he 
wouldn't have another chance to fuck the little boy until the next 
time he stayed with them. Larry looked a little sad at the news as 
well. 
 
After breakfast the two boys went to Jamie's bedroom to gather up 
Larry's clothing. While there they decided to have a quickly. Jamie 
locked his door and pulled Larry's pants down, and immediately 
began sucking him off as fast as he could. Larry did his duty when 
it was his turn, and sucked his older cousin off, once again 
swallowing the boy's cum. Jamie noticed how much better Larry 
could suck now that he had done it a few times.
 
Little Larry cried when his mother came to pick him up. Larry's 
mother thought that it was cute that the boy was so attached to his 
cousin. "Jamie can come over and sleep at our house this weekend if 
his parents say OK. How's that honey?" she asked the boy.
 
"Can he? Please?" the little boy pleaded
 
"Sure he can" piped Jamie's father before anyone could respond.
 
Larry left a happy boy, and Jamie started fantasizing what it would 
be like to fuck Larry in his own bed.
 
After Larry and his mom left, Jamie's dad commented on how much 
the little boy liked him. Jamie blushed, something which his father 
did not miss. Jamie's dad puzzled him when he said, "Cherish that 
love, Jamie, because the love from a little boy is an honest love."
 
Jamie thought about that for a while after. He had a feeling that his 
dad knew that he was fucking the little boy. He wasn't too sure, but 
it sounded like not only his dad knew, but that he was trying to say 
that it was OK. Jamie decided to stop thinking about it. It was too 
weird to figure out.
 
With little Larry gone, Jamie had to find something, or better yet, 
someone else to pass his time with. He thought about going to the 
park again and waiting in the woods, but he decided that that would 
only be a waste of time. What he did decide, however, was to take 
his bike and ride out to the quarry, where he knew that a lot of kids 
hung out.
 
There was the main part, where he knew that a lot of kids, young 
and old, hung out and swam naked in the cold water. There were a 
few streams which ran through a nearby area, and those attracted 
younger kids looking for small fish and treasures. He had seen three 
or four naked little kids roaming around the shallow streams when 
he had been there the last time, and so perhaps, he thought, today 
would be his lucky day.
 
When he left the house he did not tell his parents that he was going 
to the quarry. Not many of the boys did, since most parents did not 
want their sons there unsupervised. All of the kids did go there, 
however, it kind of added excitement to the adventure.
 
The ride was a long and hot one, and Jamie was a little disappointed 
when he got there that a few of his friends were around. They called 
him over and that meant that he had to swim with them for a while. 
It was good, however, because it gave him a chance to cool off, as 
well as see a lot of naked kids. Some of the more adventurous little 
kids were there swimming with the big kids, although some were 
there with older brothers. Jamie smiled to himself. He had not seen 
so many naked kids in a long time. Too bad, he thought, the water 
is so cold, or some of them might pop boners.
