"Jamie"
Dedicated to J.M.


   "What do you have to say for yourself, Jamie?"

   Her mind raced.  She couldn't believe that she had gotten herself into this
situation.  After all, she was the stereotypical "good kid";  she was an
honors student, had never gotten into trouble of any kind at school before,
and was well-liked by her teachers and friends.  While grasping for some sort
of reasonable explanation, she recounted what had happened.

   The day had started out normal enough.  She had gotten up at 6:00am
precisely, taken a shower and eaten, and was dressed and ready to go by
around 7:00.  The bus picked her up at 7:15, so that left some time to have
a brief phone conversation with her friend Kim.  Kim had convinced her to
skip the bus and ride in to the city with her and a few friends.  "I've
got a surprise for you!  I'll pick you up at your house at 7:30", Kim had
said.  "But it'll take us a half hour to get to school, and the first bell
is at 8:10!  What if we're late?", Jamie argued.  This was a perfectly
reasonable argument, since traffic going into the downtown area could be
heavy during rush hour, and their school was only 5 miles from the tunnel
into the city.  However, as usual, Kim was able to calm her fears and
convince her that there would be no problems.

   Now, before we get any further into this story, let me give you a little
bit of background information.  Jamie is a 16 year old high school student
at a small Catholic high school just south of Pittsburgh, PA.  Kim is her
best friend, and has gone to school with her since the first grade.  Kim
is the older of the two at age 17, and is a friendly, outgoing girl, while
Jamie is rather shy and quiet.  Jamie is about 5'8" tall with slightly
wavy, shoulder-length light-brown hair and a very well proportioned body and
a beautiful face, and is often seen blushing from the constant attention she
receives from the male population of her school.  Jamie comes from a strict
Catholic family that only started to allow her to date on her 16th birthday,
which was less than a month ago;  and she hasn't yet decided who she wants
to go out with.  Kim, on the other hand, is a tall blonde, almost 6 feet
tall, with very non-restrictive parents.  Kim started dating at age 15,
and is not shy about her good looks;  she loves to get attention, and knows
how to get what she wants from men.

   At 7:40, Kim showed up at Jamie's house.  Immediately, Jamie ran out to
her friend's car and jumped in, and almost frantically asked, "what are you
DOING?  We're going to be late!"  Kim said, "don't worry about it!  That's
the surprise!  We're not going to school today."  Seeing the stunned look
on Jamie's face, Kim continued:  "Relax.  Everything's ok.  You'll never
believe this, but I actually managed to get us tickets to the sold-out
Rush show!"  "You're crazy!  How are we ever going to go to a concert
downtown on a school day without getting caught?!", Jamie said.  Kim's
response was, "Remember Karen?  The new receptionist?  Well, she owes a
friend of mine a favor.  She told the principal that both of our parents
called in sick for us."  This didn't really surprise Jamie that much, since
most of Kim's friends were older and the new receptionist was young, no
older than 25.  Still, any kind of blemish on Jamie's perfect record would
lower her chances of getting into an Ivy-League school, and her parents would..
well..  she didn't even want to think about that.  However, they had been
sitting there for several minutes already, and there was no chance of her
making it to school on time to tell them it was a mistake;  and besides, she
really did want to go to the concert.  So Jamie agreed, and the two girls
hopped on I-79 and drove towards the city.

   As they crossed the bridge into the downtown area, Kim again marveled at
the beauty of the city before them;  after spending over an hour to drive
from her home in Houston to the city, they had finally come to a tunnel,
and upon exiting the tunnel, there it was.  A bridge over a river;  water
under them to either side;  and in front of them, huge buildings and the
heart of the downtown area.  She was shaken out of her thoughts, however, by
Kim's voice.  "Hey, want to grab a bite to eat?  We can go to the
McDonald's downtown."  "Well, I don't know...  my mother works at the Civic
Arena, and it's less than two miles from the McDonald's, are you sure we
won't get caught?"  "Of course we won't get caught, silly.  Your mother always
eats breakfast at home, why would she be there at this hour?"  Again Kim
won the argument.

   At almost 9:00 in the morning, they arrived at the McDonald's and entered.
It was a neat place;  a fast-food restaurant built into a row of huge
buildings in the heart of the city.  The two girls walked into the
restaurant, laughing and talking about how much fun they were about to
have.  They both froze in their tracks, however, when they saw Jamie's mother
sitting at a table up near the front drinking coffee with Kim's mother.
They were speechless.  How could this happen?  Jamie's mother took over
immediately.  "What on earth are you girls doing here at this hour on a school
day?"  Kim tried to talk her way out of it, but neither parent would listen
to her.  Finally, Jamie told them the truth.  Upon hearing of their plans to
skip school, Jamie's mother said, "You girls are old enough to know better than
to do something like this.  Don't you care at all about your education?  I
think the best thing for us to do is to take you two to school right now
and explain this to Mr. Davis."  Jamie gasped and said, "no, mom!  I'm sorry!
Please, anything but that!"  Her mother, however, was unmoved.  "I'm sorry,
honey, but that's what I have to do.  Kim's father can take the car home after
work today, and I'd imagine that Kim won't be driving it for a while after
this.  Then again, I'd also imagine that she won't be sitting down at all
for a while after tonight;  you certainly won't."


   "Well?"  The principal's stern voice brought Jamie back from her thoughts,
back to the serious situation she was facing.  "I'm sorry, sir.  I shouldn't
have skipped school today."  "Apology accepted.  However, I'm afraid that
under school policies, I have no alternative but to punish you for your
bad decision this morning.  Because of your past record with us, and your
decision to tell us the truth, I will not leave any record of this in our
files;  however, you will be punished immediately and severely for your
actions.  Since this was a special situation, I have received your mother's
written permission to give you a paddling."  Jamie's stomach turned.  She
opened her mouth and almost tried to defend herself, tried to get the
principal to change his decision;  but she knew that there was nothing she
could do at this point.  Mr. Davis closed the blinds on the window behind
his large metal desk and locked his office door.  "Jamie, please step to
the side of my desk and bend over it as far as possible."  She did as she
was told, shaking at this point.  The principal rolled up his sleeves and
pulled a short wooden paddle out of his bottom desk drawer.  He then stepped
behind her, lifted her skirt out of the way, and said, "You will receive
ten smacks with the paddle on your underwear, followed by fifteen on the
bare.  Please count each one aloud."  It didn't take long for the paddle
to land on her bottom the first time.  It felt like her rear end had been
lit on fire.  She didn't believe that anybody could swing a paddle that
hard.  The crack from the first hit had sounded like a quick burst of
thunder.  She grimaced and rolled up on the balls of her feet.  "O-One", she
gasped.  He followed with another one, just as hard, and she again rolled
up on her feet, and whimpered, "two".  And so it continued until he reached
the count of ten.  After ten, he paused for a moment.  She had forgotten about
the fifteen to follow, and started to get up, but he quickly reminded her:
"Don't get up yet.  Your punishment has just started.  Pull your panties
down and bend back over."  "But I've been punished enough!  It _hurts_!
Please!", she pleaded.  "I'm sorry, Jamie, but I want to make sure you'll
remember this and it will never happen again.  Now, please do as I have
asked, or I'll be forced to add on five more."  She quickly but carefully
pulled her panties down to her knees and bent back over.  "Please remember to
count them out loud, Jamie," Mr. Davis reminded her.  Then he swung again.
She cried out.  That one had felt like a thousand bee stings on her bare
behind!  "one", she cried.  The next ten came hard and fast;  she jumped a
little bit after each one, and tears were flowing down here face when he
came to number twelve.  "Only four more to go, Jamie.  Please remember that
I am only doing this for your own good, and I only want you to be the best
young lady that you can be."  With that, he delivered the final four to her
burning behind.
