Jan
===
by Caesar(94)

Jan was not overly attractive.  Nor was she something I would have normally
taken a passing notice in.  Except, I had been friends, and partners, with her
husband for several years.  Every woman I have ever met, I have to consider the
pros and cons of a sexual relationship with her.  It didn't matter if she was
beautiful nor ugly, I always wondered how I would go about seducing and enjoying
the woman's body.  Jan had been no different.

Spending long hours with the two of them, I always took notice of every little
detail about her.  Jan often worked out and had strong powerful legs, which were
also smooth and shiny clean.  She had small pointy breasts that rarely saw
anything but a sports bra, so I often noticed the extra movement beneath a loose
shirt. She had short blond hair, crew cut on the sides and a bit longer at the
top, this highlighted her long flawless neck.  Jan also had small feet and
hands, an average waist, small ankles, flat stomach, and a large happy smile.

Besides her husband, over the years, we had also become friends. Yet, there was
always the thought that I would like to possess her someday.  It was
unrealistic, and something I never tired to bring about.  I was patient and a
time will come when I "know" that the time is right.  Over several years, it
didn't happen.

My marriage broke up, yet Jan still remained friends with my ex-wife, the four
of us used to be inseparable.  I didn't mind so much, just that when my partner
and I got together Jan would not be there as often.  I had come to enjoy
chatting with her.  Also the few new girls she met, she rarely approved of,
either of me or them.  You see, Jan had married as a virgin, strictly religious,
and was totally committed to her husband and my friend.

Guys are strange, I'll admit, when my chance did come, I chose my sexual
desires over my friend.  How so?  Well, he landed in jail, and I was the only
one with the "evidence" to have him released.

That in itself wasn't what caused me to propose sexual intimacy with Jan, but a
combination of several factors.  For one, I was one of the people her husband
had tried to welch on.  Strictly a white collar crime.  But we had made large
amounts of cash over the years and would have given him a break, if only Jan
hadn't come to my office that fateful day.

Her eyes and voice revealed her desperation.  Perhaps she had even been crying
recently.  I did realize she was puzzled why I didn't treat her as I always
have, a close friend.  And sat behind my desk, emotionally and physically cut
off from her.  She would have guessed it was because her husband had "screwed"
me, but she would have been wrong.

I appraised her that quiet afternoon, as she sat before my desk. I openly let
my eyes study her curves.  She was dressed in a long tan skirt, with a black
silk blouse and black heels.  No nylons or handbag, as was normal.  I was
disappointed to notice that her breasts were encased in a dark thin bra,
something that she rarely did.

She became uncomfortable, obviously noticing my hungry gaze as well as the
silence.  Jan had politely come into my office and sat down, after I listened to
her quiet pleas and the reasons, she said, that I should help her hubby, I put
my phone on "Do Not Disturb" which also protected my office from intrusions.
That was when I viewed her openly, knowing that I had something she wanted,
something that meant her whole life.  Her husband, "for better or for worse".  I
had been her friend, and I knew the depth those words had meant to her.

"He had screwed me and you want me to help him get off?"  I tried to put
sincerity in my voice.  Before she could again recite the reasons I should help
him, I interrupted, "I can't think of one thing that would convince me to help
him."  I watched her eyes, knowing that a persons soul can be read by the simple
translation of a gaze.

"It must have been a mistake, any loss you took will be returned. I promise..."
 She didn't actually know, or understand, what her husband had done, exactly as
I wanted her.  Just knew he was facing a lengthy prison sentence and only I had
the key to get him out.  "Whatever it takes!"  She sounded near hysteria, her
concern was that I would not be swayed and she would forever have a husband that
was, or had been, in jail.

"There is one thing."  I didn't phase it as a question.  Instead said it simply
and then purposely looked down upon her gleaming smooth crossed legs.

She gulped then spoke, real fear in her voice at the expected answer to her
question, "What will it take?"

I spent a full long minute, upon those calves and ankles, wonder if they would
look as good straight up in the air next to my face. She shifted in her chair.
"I think you know Jan."

This time it took a few seconds for her to reply, "No, I have no idea."  She
was playing ignorant, yet we both knew what I had meant.  No matter what
happened after, our friendship would no longer be valid.

"I will give the Prosecuting Attorney the information to have your husband
acquitted in exchange for you."  I said it simply, yet I could feel the sweat
coating the palms of my hands.  I wanted this to work, more than anything.  And
I was willing to comply to my end of the bargain.


She quickly replied, "What do you mean?"

Jan was a religious woman, and never swore, so when I answered her with, "I
want you to be my fuck toy", the effect was increased. She lost all color in her
face, her whole body seemed to shrink in size, and she was shaking slightly.
Obviously my nervousness was not as acute as her anger or fear.

The plan didn't go as expected when she promptly stood and headed for the door
to my office.  Her actions, and body language obvious, she was getting out of
here fast.  No one had ever spoken to her this way before, in fact no one had
even treated her this way before.

"If you leave your husband gets up to seven years in jail."  She froze, her
hand upon the door handle.  "I'm sure his cell mate may treat him well, perhaps
even make him a 'special friend' for all his buddies."  I was amazed at my own
cold heartlessness.  I added nonchalantly, "Besides, he is guilty."  Which was
true.

I watched as Jan dropped her hand but didn't turn from the door, her back
facing me.  She hung her head, in what I wasn't sure was compliance or just in
thought.  These next few moments would decided what would happen.  I decided to
push further, "I always wondered what it would be like to fuck you Jan."  I
stood and walked about my desk to stand before it.  She still hadn't moved. "If
you want me to help get your husband out of jail, you will do whatever I say."

She surprised me.  "What do you want me to do?"  She was crying, the sound in
her voice was obvious.  As was the depth of her emotion, she was resolved to do
as I asked.  I held all the cards, and we both knew that I meant what I had
said.  Even if she was being asked to do something against her moral and ethical
judgment.  Her marriage vows were very important, yet I knew she would feel
selfish if she walked out of my office and allow her husband to go to jail.  I
had given her the choice.

"Tomorrow I will give evidence to get your husband out.  Right now I want you
to come over here and suck my cock."  I spoke sternly but evenly, yet the
vulgarity of my words seemed to shake this office with their power.

When she turned, I felt remorse and guilt at what I was accomplishing with the
knowledge I had acquired by being a friend to her.  Yet, my desire won over.
I watched the defeated woman take the few steps to me then drop to her bare
knees upon my rugged floor.  I didn't move to help her or hinder her.  With
violently shaking hands I watched as she fumbled with my zipper, even while her
eyes poured out a rainfall of tears.

I pulled my crotch away from her grasp and walked to her flank. "Don't get up,
but take all your clothes off.  I want to see what I'm going to be playing
with."   I strolled around her, over her left shoulder to watch as her hands
slowly began to remove her clothing.  The blouse took the longest, but soon as
her pale white shoulders were revealed the thin back bra quickly followed
towards the floor.

Jan was shaking more violently now, and I knew her resolve was weakening.
"Don't stop!  Take all your clothes off Jan.  I want to see your naked ass." She
moved to comply.

As ordered, she knelt upon my office floor, now naked except for one two inch
black high heel.  She had pale smooth skin, but I desired her more at that
moment than at any other.  By her actions, I knew I could do anything with her.
And there was so much I wanted to do.

I knelt next to her, and reached around to place my hand expertly upon the hair
mound of her sex.  I was delighted to feel a thick bush covering the
thick-lipped vagina.  My other hand placed itself upon her bottom, my fingers
slowly making their way into the crack of her ass.  With two of my digits, I
pressed into both her front and back.  Her body shakes violently while she
attempts to freeze with my fingers inside her.  They enter up to the first
knuckle on each hand before I make the attempt no longer.

It is time.  With a quick kiss upon her pale shoulder I stand, withdrawing my
hands.  I again stand inches before her, and do her a service by unzipping my
trousers.  My hardened cock stands at attention when I finally reveal it, mere
centimeters from my friend's forehead.  She was crying violently now, her
shoulders shaking and her body rocking as she sobbed loudly.

Not another word was spoken, nor did it need to be said.  Jan lifted her face,
her eyes glassy with tears, and then promptly opened her mouth and took about
half of my cock into her.

At that moment I knew, she was mine!
