Archive-name: Family/jane-fam.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jane & her Family
Also-archived: Series/bus1st09.txt


I was looking forward the end of the day and the thought of spending the
weekend with Kim, Jane  and her sister Mary  kept my dick hard  all day.
Jane was away from the office all day but she called me about 3:30 pm to
remind me to come over right  after work.  Jane told me that  her sister
was looking forward to meeting me  and my big dick.  I laughed  and told
Jane I would be sure I brought  my dick along and told Jane I  wanted to
fuck her up the asshole while  her sister ate out her pussy.   Jane told
me she wanted me to bring someone with me and surprised me by telling me
to bring along one of the girls in the office who I knew only  slightly.
I was a bit reluctant to approach this girl but Jane told me that it was
ok and that Diane the girl I was supposed to bring with me was expecting
me to ask her.   I told Jane I  would bring her with  me and told her  I
would be getting to  her place about 6  that evening.  Jane told  me she
could already feel my cock stretching her pussy and would be looking  or
me at 6. I thought about the prospect of adding Diane to our lusty group
and wondered if it  was a good idea.   Diane is a tall  slim dark haired
girl in her mid twenties she has a pretty face and a perky smile.  While
she's always pleasant and helpful and  I had thought about how her  slim
frame and pert tits would look naked I somehow didn't think she would be
up for an orgy.  The more I thought about Diane the harder my cock began
to get and by the time I went to see her my prick was stiff and hard.  I
stopped by her desk and she smiled at me and looked directly at the lump
in my pants with a  look of lust I had  not seen in her face  before.  I
asked Diane if she was going to Jane's house after work and she told  me
yes but she needed  a ride.  I told  her I would be  glad to give her  a
ride to Jane's and told her I would stop by her desk about 5. Diane  got
up and thanked  me giving me  a hug and  pressing her hand  over my very
stiff prick.  I looked at her and found a new fire in her eyes.  Diane's
eyes were flashing  with desire and  I pressed my  hand into her  crotch
returning her touch and rubbing her pussy.  Since we were in the  office
we needed to be careful and our touches were quick and unsatisfying.   I
told  Diane  I  wanted  her  very  much  and she told me she was looking
forward to seeing my cock and  feeling it force its way into  her pussy.
I left Diane telling her I would be back at 5, Diane licked her lips and
rubbed her firm tits and smiled at me as I went back to my office.

Time seemed to creep by and by the time 5 o'clock rolled around my prick
was in a constant state of erection.  I closed up my office and prepared
to leave, Diane didn't wait for me to come and get her, She came over to
my office with a look of lust filled anticipation in her eyes.  The more
I thought of getting it on with her the harder my cock got and I flashed
her a knowing smile and told her I was ready to leave.  We walked to the
elevator and got in, as  we rode down I asked  Diane if she had been  to
Jane's house before.  Diane  told me she had  spent a few evenings  with
Jane and Kim and was looking forward to this evening.  I reached out and
pulled Diane to me rubbing her small firm tits and realized I had a deep
desire for this lady.  Diane's tits were  firm and she wore no bra as  I
could feel her  nipples stiff and  ready under the  silky dress she  was
wearing.  We reached the  ground floor with her  hand on my cock  and my
hand working  on her  pert tit.   We walked  to my  van and  got in, The
privacy of the van afforded us a better atmosphere in which to talk  and
get aquatinted without being overheard.   I told Diane how I  had gotten
to know Jane and  Diane shared her story  which was a clearly  a tale of
seduction which was the way Jane liked to find her female lovers.  Diane
told me that Jane had assigned her to a special project and asked her to
work the weekend at her house where Jane had seduced the younger  woman.
Diane was very matter of fact about  her story and told me how Jane  had
surprised her in the shower and  offered to wash her back and  proceeded
to make love to her while they stood under the warm shower.  Diane  told
me that she had  other female lovers for  some time and that  her desire
for Jane was high even before Jane made advances to her so that she  was
willing and  ready for  Jane.  I  could tell  our discussion was getting
Diane very  excited her  nipples were  clearly visible  poking the silky
material of her dress out and she had let her dress ride up exposing her
firm long legs.  I told Diane to relax and feel at home as we would soon
be getting it on  with each other.  I  complemented her telling her  how
pretty I thought she was and  telling her that she really turned  me on.
Diane  warmed  to  our  conversation  and  soon  we were getting on very
comfortably.  Diane unbuttoned  her dress down  to her waist  and let me
see her small  firm tits.  Diane  had nice creamy  tits capped by  stiff
long nipples which stood out proudly.  Diane fondled her tits and pulled
on her stiff  nipples rolling them  between her fingers  as I fought  to
both watch her and keep the van on the road.

Diane was enjoying herself and getting me very worked up in the process.
Seeing how she was effecting me  Diane kicked off her shoes and  put her
feet up on the  van's dashboard letting her  dress slip up exposing  her
smooth long legs all the way to her firm thighs.  As Diane massaged  her
tits she reached down and pulled up her skirt until I could see that she
was naked under her dress.  I  watched Diane as she spread her  legs and
licked her fingers and pressed two fingers into her pussy.  I could just
see her pink pussy lips as she stroked her fingers in and out of her hot
cunt.  Diane had a look of lust on her face which told me she was  going
to be  great in  bed.  Just  before we reached Jane's  house Diane had a
rousing climax thrusting her hips up  as she plunged her fingers up  her
now very wet pussy  and pulled hard on  her pretty tits as  she climaxed
and wet her hand  and fingers  with her fragrant juices.  My van smelled
great with the  scent of Diane's  hot pussy juices.   I pulled into  the
garage at Jane's house and noticed that there was a station wagon pulled
up next to the open door.  This was obviously Jane's sister Mary's car I
pulled into  the garage  like Jane  had told  me to  do and  got out and
closed the door.  I helped Diane out of the van as her recent climax had
left her a bit  spent for the moment.   Diane made no attempt  to button
the top of her dress and I grabbed her firm tit and licked her nipple as
I helped  her out.   Jane's house  attached to  the garage  just off the
kitchen and  I lead  Diane by  the hand  to the  door and  knocked on it
almost as if she  had been waiting for  my knock a large  breasted naked
woman appeared at the door and let us in.

I figured this must  be Jane's sister Mary  and I introduced myself  and
Diane while we both looked over Jane's naked sister.  Mary was about the
same size as  Jane having full  firm tits with  nice pink nipples  which
looked like they had already been sucked for quite a while.  Mary had  a
nice firm  belly which  flowed into  a luscious  looking pussy which was
trimmed  back  leaving  her  puffy  pink  pussy lips clearly visible and
looking  quite  wet.   Mary  had  a  long  prominent  clit  which  poked
invitingly out  between those  puffy pink  pussy lips  and was stiff and
wet, Mary's cunt looked like she had already taken a couple of hot loads
of sperm up  her trim pussy  as well as  a few licks  here and there.  I
reached out and cupped Mary's large firm tits pulling her between  Diane
and I.  Mary reached  into Diane's  open dress  and fondled  the younger
woman's tits as  Diane rubbed Mary's  firm belly and  let her hand  move
down to Mary's wet pink pussy.  I let Mary go and moved behind Diane and
pulled her dress  off her shoulders  giving Mary a great view of Diane's
trim body.  I pulled  her dress off and  then worked my way  up her long
sleek legs licking my way to her tight firm butt.  Diane was moaning now
and I  noticed  that she  had  shoved  two fingers all the way up Mary's
sopping cunt and was thrusting her fingers in and out of Mary's very wet
pussy as  Mary licked  Diane's tits  and worked  her fingers  up Diane's
shaved pussy making Diane thrust her lith body against Mary's  insistent
fingers.  I spread Diane's tight ass  cheeks and ran my tongue over  her
pink anal pucker making Diane moan with pleasure as she and Mary  worked
their way  to climax.   Seeing the  girls enraptured  with each  other I
worked to bring them off together.  I reached around Mary and slipped my
finger up her tight wet asshole  pressing my finger deep into her  tight
anal passage  making her  moan with  pleasure.  I  began to  tongue fuck
Diane's hot tight asshole  as the  girls fingered each other  until they
climaxed  in  each  other's  arms.   As  the girls wound down from their
climax I licked  their quivering slits  and played with  their firm tits
making them twitch and jump with post climax pleasure.

After the girls had recovered from their peak of pleasure they jumped me
and began to strip me.  Mary stripped off my shirt while Diane unbuckled
my pants and pulled them off along with my underwear.  My cock which had
been stiff and throbbing for over two hours sprang out and hit Diane  in
the face as she pulled my pants  off my feet.  Mary rubbed her big  tits
against my chest  pressing her hot  stiff nipples into  my chest as  she
grabbed my ass and kissed me.  Diane in the meantime had worked my pants
and shoes off my  feet and had moved  up taking my stiff  prick into her
hot mouth.  As Mary and I kissed  I felt my cock being shoved deep  into
Diane's hot wet  mouth, her talented  tongue swirling around  my cock as
she pulled me deep into her wet tight throat.  I knew if I didn't get my
cock out of  Diane's hot throat  I would fill  her throat with  my first
load.  Diane  knew it  to and  she put  her hand  up between my legs and
slipped her pussy  juice covered finger  up my asshole  stopping me from
backing out of her hot throat.  Mary started to tell me to fill  Diane's
hot mouth with  my cream and  I thrust my  cock deep into  Diane's tight
throat  as  I  finger  fucked  Mary's  hot  sloppy cunt.  The feeling of
Diane's mouth and throat around my stiff cock could not be denied and as
Diane added a  second finger to  my stretched asshole  I blasted Diane's
mouth and throat full of my  sperm ramming my cock deep into  her throat
until I felt  Diane's soft lips  firmly pressed against  the root of  my
throbbing cock.  Diane milked my cum from my bloated balls and swallowed
deeply taking my  sperm down her  throat.  Finally after  thrusting down
her throat for  over two minutes  I pulled out  and shot the  last of my
sperm into her mouth.  Diane got up and hugged me as she and Mary kissed
sharing my sticky  load, Mary thrust  her tongue into  Diane's mouth and
retrieving my sperm.  After I got  my breath and Mary sucked my  cock up
to  another  stiff  erection  Mary  suggested  we join the others in the
living room.  I put my arms  around these two hot women and  guided them
towards the living room.

As we entered the  room I was surprised  by the sight of  the hot action
that was going on  on the living room  floor.  Jane and Kim  were on the
floor with two guys  getting their pussies reamed  hard.  I was first  a
bit jealous at seeing Jane and  Kim getting so well fucked by  these two
guys but decided the with four women there was plenty of pleasure to  go
around.  Mary did the introductions  introducing her husband Jim who  at
the time was reaming his daughter Kim's pussy with hard pounding strokes
making her young firm tits shake and jump with each hard plunge into her
tight pussy.  Jim was well hung and his big dick stretched his daughters
pussy as he rammed  it up her sweet  slit making her moan  with pleasure
with each thrust.  Jane was perched on a young teenage boy who like  Jim
was nicely hung for is apparent  age.  Jane was reaming his stiff  prick
up her pussy as she rode him pounding his cock up her slippery pussy  as
he pulled on Jane's bouncing tits.  Mary introduced her son Rob and told
her sister to  make sure she  left some stiff  cock for her.   Mary told
Diane and I to join in wherever  we wanted and got down in front  of her
daughter  Kim  pressing  her  pussy  up  to  Kim's  mouth and urging her
daughter to eat her cunt while  Kim's dad fucked Kim's tight slit  doggy
style.  Watching this family fuck had  my cock hard as iron and  I moved
Diane to  a doggy  style position  right in  front of  Jane and  Rob and
spread Diane's cunt lips positioning my long stiff dick at the  entrance
to her sopping slit.  Diane reached back and grabbed my cock guiding  my
stiff meat  up her  throbbing pink  cunt, taking  my entire  cock up her
slick hole with one long stroke.   I pounded my dick deep into  the very
tight  depths  of  Diane's  quivering  pussy  as  I watched Jim fuck his
daughter Kim bringing her to a  rousing climax and fill her tight  young
pussy with his thick cum.  Jane seeing and hearing Kim climax began  her
own orgasmic  spiral ramming  her cunt  down hard  on her nephew's Rob's
stiff cock making him shoot his load deep into her convulsing twat.  Kim
brought her mother Mary off  ramming her fingers deep into  her mother's
hot pussy and tight anus as  she lashed her mom's stiff protruding  clit
with that talented tongue of  hers.  Mary flooded her daughter  with her
sweet cunt juices begging Kim to  lick and suck her cunt.  The  sight of
so many  hot climaxes  took Diane  over the  top and  as she pushed back
forcing my stiff long tool up  her tight young slit until my  balls were
crushed against  her hot  wet pussy  lips.  I  began to  cum and  filled
Diane's hot cunt with a big load of sperm filling her tight young  pussy
until my sperm leaked out around her pulsing cunt lips.

I continued to pound  my spurting dick up  Diane's hot cunt until  I had
whipped my sperm to a white  froth and Diane slumped to the  floor spent
with pleasure.  Jane crawled over to her sister Mary and sat on her face
letting Mary  lick her  sperm filled  cunt and  suck her  son's cum from
Jane's swollen pink pussy.   Jane saw that my  cock was still stiff  and
called me over telling me to fuck Mary while she ate Jane's cunt.  I got
down between Mary's legs and Jane  guided my cock up her sisters  shaved
slick cunt while she  frigged Mary's clit.  I  rammed my long hard  dick
deep into Mary making her moan  into Jane's pussy as I spread  her pussy
with my  thick cock.   Jane pulled  Mary's legs  up and  open giving  me
plenty of room to drive my cock deep into Mary's cunt.  I began to pound
Mary's tight  pussy ramming  deep into  her hot  pussy with  each thrust
making her belly quiver as her pleasure mounted.  While I fucked  Mary's
hot cunt Diane and Kim were  licking each others pussies lapping up  Jim
and my sperm.  I  noticed that Jim and  Rob were getting hard  again and
watched as Jim and Rob pulled  Diane and Kim apart and rolled  the girls
on their  backs.  Jim  took Diane  spreading her  smooth sleek  legs and
maneuvering his big dick up  the young girl's hot slippery  slit.  Diane
moaned  with  pleasure  as  Jim's  stiff  prick  slid up her tight pussy
stretching her hot  vagina and filling  her wet cunt  with his throbbing
meat.  As Jim began to stroke deep into Diane, Rob swung his sister  Kim
around and spread her legs opening up her slick shaved snatch still  wet
with her father's  thick load.  Kim  grabbed her brother  Rob's cock and
pulled him between  her wide stretched  legs pressing the  head of Rob's
swollen prick into her slippery  slit.  Rob pressed forward shoving  his
stiff rod deep into his sisters pussy with one lunge making her cry  out
with pleasure as  his thick stiff  prick plowed deep  into her quivering
cunt.  Rob began to  pump his cock deep  into his sister Kim's  hot slit
making her  firm young  tits shake  with the  force of  his thrusts.   I
reamed Mary's pussy while she licked and sucked Jane's hot cunt and Jane
pulled  on  Mary's  hot  tits  rolling  her  sister's  stiff nipples and
watching my  cock disappear  into the  depths of  her sister's  slippery
cunt.  Mary started to climax and  her hot cunt clamped down on  my long
cock milking my cum  into her hot tight  pussy as I reamed  her cunt and
sprayed my sperm up  her throbbing slit.  Jane  began to climax and  her
juices flooded Mary's mouth as Mary  licked up the sweet flow of  Jane's
hot cunt.  Diane was cumming and  her hot young cunt sucked the  cum out
of Jim's cock forcing him to fill her wet pussy with a big load of sperm
as he reamed  his thick prick  up Diane's slick  hole banging her  balls
deep with each  climatic thrust.  Rob  brought his sister  Kim to orgasm
driving his hard  prick deep into  her teenage slit  making her cry  out
with pleasure as her hot tight vagina spasmed around his stiff  pounding
prick.  I pulled out of Mary and stood up and guided my cummy cock  into
Jane's mouth ramming my cock deep  into her throat letting her taste  my
cum and her  sisters pussy juices.   Jane grabbed my  ass and pulled  me
forward  ramming  my  long  cock  balls  deep  into her mouth and throat
keeping my cock hard and ready.

I pulled away from Jane lest she bring me off again and watched Kim  and
Diane suck Jim  and Rob making  their cocks revive  again.  I wanted  to
fuck Kim and Jane  and pulled Jane off  Mary's face and laying  her down
and telling her I wanted to see  her brother in law fuck her hot  pussy.
Diane had Jim's cock sucked up  to a nice sized erection and  pulled him
over to  Jane guiding  Jim's stiff  tool up  Jane's hot  wet slit.   Jim
reamed Jane deep making her pant  as he thrust his cock up  Jane's tight
shaved slit.  Mary was sitting  up watching her husband fuck  her sister
Jane.  I motioned to Kim who was sucking her brother Rob's cock to bring
him over to this mother Mary.  Rob and Kim pulled Mary to her knees  and
Kim guided her brothers now throbbing dick up their mother Mary's sloppy
sperm filled cunt making Mary moan with pleasure as her son Rob's  stiff
prick drove deep into her vagina.   I pulled Kim over to Diane  and told
them to get into a hot 69 position with Kim on top.  When the girls  had
begun to lick and suck each others cunts I told Kim's mom to watch while
I filled Kim's hot cunt with my big dick.  Mary watched as I plunged  my
long stiff meat up her daughter  Kim's hot tight pussy ramming my  prick
balls deep into Kim's slippery slit with hard fast strokes as Kim licked
and sucked Diane's sperm filled cunt and fingered her tight little  anus
with two fingers.  I heard Jane climax as Jim drove his fat prick up her
slippery slit  making her  tits shake  and jump  from the  force of  his
thrusts.  Jim's thrusts took on that characteristic power which told  me
he was cumming and filling Jane's hot cunt with another load of sperm as
her pussy convulsed  with pleasure, her  cunt clamped tight  in orgasmic
frenzy.  Mary  was right  behind her  sister and  called out  her climax
telling her son Rob to fill her pussy with his sweet cream.  Rob  rammed
his mother hard and fast burying his stiff prick deep into her hot  cunt
as he sprayed his  load deep into her  quivering pussy.  Kim's cunt  was
clamping down hard as  her climax took over  and I could tell  Diane was
reaching her peak at the same time as her legs locked up in the air  and
began to tremble.  I wanted to fill Kim's hot cunt with my sperm and  as
her tight young pussy clamped around my long dick I rammed her deep  and
shot my sperm  up her convulsing  cunt banging her  slit with hard  fast
strokes.  By the  time I had  pulled out of  Kim's tight pussy  Jane was
already by my side begging for my prick.  I could tell Jim and Rob  were
out of the  action for a  while as they  were sitting back  letting Mary
lick their limp cocks as they  fingered her pussy and asshole.  I  asked
Diane to help me and let Kim join her mother taking her brothers cock in
her mouth and licking his limp pecker.  I had Diane sit on my face so  I
could lick her hot pussy and told Jane to fuck me with her cunt.   Diane
helped Jane mount my cock frigging  Jane's clit while Jane rode my  dick
pounding my  prick up  her pulsing  slippery twat.   I licked and sucked
Diane's tasty slit and pressed two  fingers up her pouting anus as  Jane
played  with  Diane's  small  firm  tits  and  rode  my  cock.  Jane was
obviously very hot  because her first  climax came quickly,  since I had
been fucking  for quite  a while  I failed  to climax  even with  Jane's
talented and tight pussy milking my prick.  Jane seeing my problem  rose
off my stiff  prick and told  Diane to hold  my dick straight  up so she
could stick it up  her asshole.  Diane grabbed  my cock at the  base and
guided me into Jane's tight  rectum.  Jane pressed my swollen  cock head
past her tight sphincter then after  pausing for just a second sat  down
hard driving my cock  deep into her tight  butt.  Diane pulled her  hand
out and Jane rammed her asshole down again filling her hot anus with  my
long stiff  prick and  calling out  her pleasure.   Diane bent  down and
shoved two fingers up Jane's  hot pussy making her asshole  tighten even
more around my stiff throbbing cock.  As Jane began to pound my dick  up
her ass Diane bent further  and licked Jane's erect swollen  clit making
Jane wail  like a  wild woman.   I knew  Jane would  not last long and I
wanted Diane  to climax  with her  so I  sucked Diane's  stiff clit  and
reamed her hot anal pucker for  all I was worth.  Diane began  to bounce
up and down on  my face as her  climax built.  Jane in  the meantime was
forcing my cock deep into her  rectum squeezing my tool like a  vise and
making my balls tingle for release.  As Jane began to cry out her orgasm
Diane came and flooded my face with her sweet cunt juices.  I lapped  up
her flowing nectar and squirted my  load up Jane's tight hot asshole  as
she quivered and shook in climatic passion my dick driving deep into her
bowels and filling her asshole full of sperm.

Jane and Diane ground out  their climaxes and slowly released  me laying
down pussy to  mouth and licking  each other while  I played with  their
tits making them twitch with post  climax tremors.  I could see Kim  and
Mary still working on  Rob and Jim and  knew it would be  a while before
any of us guys  were ready to fill  their cunts again.  Mary  winked and
told me she wanted  to feel my cock  up her asshole too.   Diane and Kim
told her she would  have to wait her  turn and I wondered  silently if I
would be able to fuck all of  them up the ass.  Jim pulled his  daughter
Kim off his cock and told us he was going to make something to drink and
asked if he  could get us  anything.  We all  decide some wine  would be
nice and Jim and Jane went to  the kitchen to get the wine.  While  they
were gone Diane and Kim sucked my cock and balls getting me hard as Mary
deep throated her  son Rob to  another erection.  I  finger fucked Kim's
hot wet pussy  and licked Diane's  sopping slit making  her hot to  trot
again.  Finally Jim  and Jane returned  with Jim sporting  a stiff prick
which Jane claimed she had a  hand and mouth in causing.  Kim  suggested
we watch a  X rated Video  tape and rest  a bit before  we continued our
carnal activities.  This idea appealed to  all of us so we settled  down
on the floor while Kim got the  tape started.  Diane sat next to me  and
began to rub my cock  as the film began, I  could tell this was more  of
the amateur  stuff because  the opening  credits were  simple and quick.
Diane licked my  ear and as  I began to  rub her tits  she whispered her
desire to take my cock up her  asshole.  I told her I would make  sure I
fucked her tight little asshole and pussy and kissed her deeply  probing
her mouth with my tongue.

To my delight this  film was the second  part of the Nudist  Camp series
and I  would get  to see  what happen  to Dan's  family.  The thought of
watching Tom  and his  mother and  sister fuck  and suck  each other and
their father as well as a number of other families made my dick get hard
in no time.  Diane put her head  in my lap and pulled my stiff  prick to
her lips licking my already  oozing pre-cum.  I spread Diane's  firm ass
cheeks  and  slipped  my  fingers  up  her throbbing cunt and tight anal
pucker stroking my  fingers up her  slippery holes as  the film started.
The scene was back in the  room where Tom and his mother  were showering
together washing off the sperm  and pussy juice they had  aquired during
the day.  The camera moved down  the naked pair and showed Tom  sticking
his young cock  up his mothers  hot asshole as  she reached between  her
legs and finger fucked her own pussy.  Tom reamed his mom's hot  asshole
while  she  moaned  and  shook  with  passion reaming her fingers up her
shaved pussy  until she  climaxed and  Tom filled  her asshole  with his
steaming  load.   The  camera  move  into  the bedroom where Dan and his
daughter Jill were getting it on with a younger girl who looked like the
girl  Tom  had  assfucked  in  the  first  film.  Dan had his thick cock
stuffed up  the young  girl's pussy  and was  reaming her stretched slit
with long hard strokes.  Jill was sitting on the girl's face and I could
see the  girls tongue  lapping away  at Jill's  stiff pink  clit as  she
finger fucked Jill's cunt and asshole.  Jill was calling out for her  to
suck her harder and  Dan was pounding the  girl's young tight slit  with
his big cock.  Dan started to  thrust in the young girl's hot  cunt hard
and fast as he shot his load  deep in her cunt making her climax  as his
daughter Jill pulled  on the girl's  erect nipples and  flooded her face
with her own climatic juices.  The girl was having multiple climaxes her
firm young  body heaving  with pleasure  as Dan's  cock filled her tight
young pussy.  Dan pulled out of  her pussy and Jill bent down  and began
to lick and  suck her fathers  load from the  girl's sperm filled  twat.
Dan went into the  bathroom and the camera  continued to follow the  two
young girls as they pleasured each other.

The  scene  faded  and  the  next  image  was of Dan, Ruth, Jill and Tom
sitting in the lobby.  They were waiting for another family to join  the
and enjoying watching people come and go.  Shortly they were joined by a
attractive  man  and  a  young  girl  the  man's  name  was  Bill and he
introduced his  daughter Karen  to Dan  and his  family.  Karen was very
pretty she had nice firm young tits with stiff pink nipples showing  how
turned on she was.  Karen had a slim firm body and her pussy was trimmed
back exposing her pink pussy lips which were slick with her own  juices.
Bill had a nice thick cock and Ruth reached out and stroked his cock  as
Bill stood in front of them.   Just as Bill's dick was getting  hard his
wife and  son came  over to  join the  group.  Bill  introduced his wife
Tammy and their son Fred, Tammy  was a tall willowy blond with  big tits
and a fantastic  ass, her pussy  was completely shaved  showing off nice
pink pussy lips  wet with excitement.   Her nipples were  long and stiff
and capped off her firm full tits nicely.  Their son Fred had a athletic
body and  a long  thick cock  which was  already hard  as iron he looked
ready to suck and  fuck every woman in  the camp.  Jill reached  out and
stroked Fred's stiff prick telling him she had a place to put his  stiff
prick and pulled him to her and took his cock deep into her throat.  Dan
told his daughter to  slow down because they  were going to have  dinner
first but Fred was so excited by Jill's hot mouth that he shot his  load
before she could pull  his cock out of  her throat.  Jill finished  Fred
off sucking his thick load down  and swallowing his cum as she  squeezed
his bloated balls milking his jism into her throat.  Jill taking  Fred's
load had stimulated everyone  and Tom's cock got  stiff as were Dan  and
Bill's.  Dan quickly ushered everyone  towards the dining room before  a
full blown orgy ensued.  Tom put his arm around Karen and pulled on  her
stiff nipple  as the  walked into  the dining  room.  The  families were
seated by  a black  waiter with  a large  dick and  both Karen  and Jill
watched his long  dick bounce as  he seated them  and took their  order.
Karen was sitting between her father Dan and Bill and as the waiter took
her order Bill and  Dan played with her  tits and fingered her  dripping
cunt making her squirm  as she gave her  order to the tall  black waiter
with the big prick.   The waiter moved to  Tammy who was seated  between
Dan and Tom, Tammy was a bit bolder and reached out and took the waiters
cock in her hand  slowly stroking his thick  black tool as Tom  fingered
her cunt and Dan pulled on her stiff nipples.  After Tammy had  squeaked
out her order the waiter moved to Ruth, by this time his cock was  fully
erect and it bounced and swayed suggestively as he moved to Ruth's side.
Ruth was sitting between Tom and Fred and they were already working  her
hot body, Tom her son stuffed  his fingers up his mom's hot  pussy while
Fred fondled  Ruth's firm  tits and  pulled on  her stiff nipples.  Ruth
grabbed the waiter's stiff cock  and jacked his shaft with  firm strokes
making him thrust his hips in time with the movement of her hand on  his
now throbbing black shaft.  Once Ruth had finished her order the  waiter
moved to Jill's  side, by now  his cock was  dripping pre-cum and  stood
hard and long making Jill gape at the huge piece of cock meat.  Jill was
sitting between  Fred and  Bill who  already were  working her young hot
body with  Bill fingering  her hot  wet cunt  as Fred  squeezed her firm
young breasts and rolled Jill's stiff nipples.  Jill had quite a bit  of
trouble getting her order  out and by the  time she was through  she had
both hands wrapped around the waiters cock and was stroking him hard and
fast.  Just as he finished writing down her selection his balls began to
tighten and  he began  to climax  squirting a  big load  of sperm across
Jill's face and tits.  Jill opened her mouth and caught a few spurts  on
her lips and tongue while she climaxed from Bills hot probing fingers.

The  waiter  thanked  Jill  and  the  other  ladies  and left only to be
replaced by  a stunning  black waitress  who proceeded  to take the guys
orders while they  fingered her wet  slippery pussy and  played with her
large firm tits.  By  the time the waitress  was taking Tom's order  she
was getting near climax and as she finished she pressed her sopping cunt
against Tom's  mouth and  climaxed letting  her juices  flow into  Tom's
mouth and across his chest.  Dinner was served without additional carnal
desserts and the  families ate quickly  wanting not to  miss out on  the
evening orgy which was  scheduled to start at  nine pm in the  Mat room.
As the two families  left the dining room  they paired up for  their hot
session in the Mat room.  Dan  put his hand around Karen and  pulled the
young girl  to him  placing her  small hand  on his  now erect throbbing
cock.   Karen  stroked  Dan's  stiff  tool  as he reached around her and
played with  her firm  young breast  and rubbed  her taught  ass cheeks.
Bill grabbed Jill and  held her close as  she grabbed his cock  stroking
his thick stiff meat as Bill played with her tits and nipples.  Tom slid
up next to Tammy  and she grabbed his  young stiff prick pulling  on his
stiff prong as he cupped her  large firm breast and pulled on  her stiff
nipples.  Fred and Ruth  were paired and as  they walked along Ruth  was
stroking  Fred's  iron  hard  cock  as  Fred pulled on Ruth's stiff pink
nipples.  As  they made  their way  to the  Mat room  they saw other hot
guests engaged in some pre-orgy coupling.  On one of the benches in  the
lobby a young  girl was mounted  on a older  man's cock his  stiff prick
stretching her tight pink pussy as she rode his stiff shaft driving  his
cock deep into her young tight slit.  As she rode his cock a older woman
brought a teenage boy with a long  thin cock over to the girl and  began
to stroke the boy's cock while she licked the girl's pink puckered  anus
wetting it with her  saliva.  Once the girl's  asshole was wet and  open
the older woman guided  the boy's stiff shaft  up the young girl's  anus
spreading her  firm ass  cheeks and  pressing the  boy forward until his
cock was firmly imbedded up the young girls stretched anus.  As the  boy
began to ream his cock up  the girl's hot tight asshole the  older woman
climbed up on the bench and sat on the older man's face letting him  eat
her very sloppy pussy while he and the boy fucked the young girl reaming
their long stiff pricks up her pussy and asshole.  The older woman began
to pull on the younger girl's stiff nipples and squeezed her small  firm
tits making the girl climax  multiple times.  The girls tight  pussy and
stuffed asshole  made the  man and  the boy  get very  excited and  they
climaxed together filling the young  girls pussy and asshole with  their
hot cum.  The older woman pulled the  girls mouth to her tit and as  the
young girl  sucked her  tit and  frigged her  stiff protruding  clit the
older woman climaxed flooding her  juices into the man's mouth.   As the
girl climbed off the boy and  man's cocks her pussy and asshole  dripped
with sperm and she turned around and pressed her hot ass into the  older
woman's face letting her suck and lick her sperm soaked cunt and asshole
while she sucked on  the boy's cock and  rubbed her tits with  the older
man's still firm cock.

The hot session had both families  worked up and the hurried to  the Mat
room so they could join in on the action.  When they got there they  saw
that the room  was already half  filled with men  and women fucking  and
sucking like mad.  Bill lead the way with Jill and found a area next  to
some single girls and guys who he hoped would be joining the families as
the  night  continued.   The  girls  were  hot  to  feel their cunts and
assholes filled with throbbing pricks and settled into the mats  pulling
the guys cocks to their mouths  and sucking them hard.  Karen had  Dan's
prick stuffed  deep into  her throat  while she  forced her young shaved
pussy into Dan's face begging him to lick her cunt.  Jill was doing  the
same to Bill and  had his stiff shaft  buried deep in her  throat as she
slid  her  shaved  snatch  back  and  forth  over Bill's lips and tongue
twitching as he lashed her stiff  pink clit with his tongue.  Tammy  had
settled her completely shaved pussy on Tom's face and Tom had his tongue
buried deep up  her slit and  was pressing a  finger up her  taught pink
asshole.  Tammy had the young boy's prick buried deep in her throat  and
was fingering  his asshole  making him  buck his  cock into  her throat.
Ruth had Fred's stiff  prick deep in her  mouth and was enjoying  Fred's
tongue on her clit  and up her slippery  pussy as she deep  throated his
straining rod.  Karen was the  first to climax and her  passionate moans
could be heard even over the  loud moaning that filled the room.   Tammy
followed quickly  after her  daughter and  filled Tom's  mouth with  her
passionate juices as he lashed her clit and finger fucked her hot  tight
butt.  Jill  was bouncing  on Bill's  face and  with her  climax flooded
Bill's tongue  and lips  with her  thick sweet  pussy juices.   Ruth was
nearing climax  and Fred  finished her  off by  stuffing two  fingers up
Ruth's hot pulsing asshole while sucking her long stiff clit.  Ruth  was
shaking with climax for over two minutes as her climax peaked.

The girls were hot to fuck and  Karen begged Dan to get up and  fuck her
doggy  style.   Dan  got  up  behind  Bill's hot sexy young daughter and
spread her legs and guided his  stiff throbbing cock up the young  girls
very wet pussy.  Dan plunged his  long fat cock deep into Karen's  tight
wet cunt until his balls  were pressed firmly against her  slippery pink
pussy lips and began to pump his  stiff rod in and out of Karen's  tight
wet slit.  Ruth seeing her husband fucking the young girl moved off Fred
and layed down next to Karen and began to kiss her and play with Karen's
small firm  tits.  Fred  rolled over  to Ruth  and spread  her legs  and
forced his stiff prick up Ruth's pussy driving his long stiff tool  deep
into Ruth's quivering  cunt.  Fred watched  Dan driving his  cock up his
younger sister's pussy as he  reamed Dan's wife with long  hard strokes.
In the meantime Jill had rolled on her back and gotten Bill between  her
firm young thighs, his stiff dick driving deep into her hot teenage cunt
with long hard strokes.   Tammy was next to  her on her hands  and knees
with Tom up behind  her driving his thick  shaft up her slippery  pussy.
Tom was banging Tammy hard and fast making her full firm tits shake with
the force of his plunges up her tight pleasure wracked pussy.  Tammy was
sucking Jill's small firm tits and Jill pulled and twisted Tammy's  long
stiff nipples.  Tammy began to climax and her tight naked pussy  brought
Tom to orgasm filling  her pussy with his  thick sperm as he  rammed his
dick balls deep into  her spasm ridden cunt.   Karen started to cum  and
Dan shot a huge load of hot seamen up Karen's tight pulsing slit filling
her young cunt until his load began to leak down her firm thighs.   Fred
began to spurt his  load up Ruth's hot  pulsing twat as she  impaled her
hot cunt on his stiff long  cock driving Fred's spurting tool deep  into
her pulsing twat.  Bill was  pounding his stiff prick into  Jill's young
tight slit as she began to  buck with passion her climax coming  on hard
and fast making  her tight young  pussy clamp down  hard on Bill's  long
stiff prick.  Jill's tight pussy forced Bill over the top and he  poured
his sperm up Jill's tight fuck hole driving his spurting tool deep  into
her hot twat and filling her teenage pussy with thick creamy jism.   The
guys pulled out of the girls and watched as they paired up in mother and
daughter sixty nine positions licking and sucking each others cum filled
pussies as they came down from their climaxes.

As soon as they had licked the guy's loads from each others sperm filled
cunts the girls wanted to be ass fucked and move in on the guys  sucking
their cocks back to  stiffness.  Karen went right  for Tom and told  him
she wanted to feel his thick shaft stretching her tight asshole.   Tom's
dick hardened in her mouth as she talked dirty to him while sucking  his
cock deep into her throat.  Jill had move in and taken Fred's limp  cock
into her talented mouth getting him hard in no time and pulling his hand
to her  ass and  forcing his  fingers up  her slippery  anus.  Tammy had
Dan's cock stuffed deep into her  throat and was licking his cock  clean
savoring the taste  of his sperm  and her daughter  Karen's sticky pussy
juices.  Ruth was deep throating Bill's now very stiff prick as Bill was
stuffing  his  fingers  up  her  pussy  and throbbing tight anal pucker.
Karen was  already getting  Tom in  position as  she straddled his stiff
prick  and  guided  Tom's  pulsing  cock  into her tight pink anus.  Tom
started  to  groan  as  his  cock  entered  Karen's  tight  pink asshole
stretching her anus as  she slowly pressed the  head of Tom's cock  into
her butt.  Karen moaned with  pleasure and sank down shoving  Tom's long
thick cock deep into her tight rectum.  As Karen began to bounce up  and
down on Tom's stiff throbbing cock Jill was getting up doggy style  next
to Karen and begging Fred to fuck her asshole.  Fred got in behind  Jill
and rubbed his stiff cock  into Jill's tight puckered anus  pressing the
head of his swollen tool past her tight sphincter.  Jill was moaning and
thrusting her ass back towards  Fred pressing his cock up  her throbbing
butt.  With on final lung Fred buried his dick balls deep in Jill's  hot
tight asshole making her moan and twitch with pleasure.  Jill's face was
right in front of Karen and as  Karen stroked Tom's cock up her hot  ass
Jill licked Karen's tits raising her fires even higher.  Karen  returned
the favor  reaching out  and grabbing  Jill's firm  young tits squeezing
Jill's small tits and pulling on  Jill's stiff excited  nipples.  In the
meantime  Tammy  had  sucked  Dan  up  to  a nice hard-on and was in the
process of mounting his cock while facing his feet.  Tammy grabbed Dan's
stiff throbbing cock and guided  it against her slick tight  anal pucker
then slid  down taking  Dan's long  thick cock  fully up  her hot  tight
asshole with one steady push.  Tammy moaned in delight as Dan's fat cock
stretched her anal passage and filled her rectum with its pulsing  heat.
Tammy began to move up and  down impaling her tight anus on  Dan's stiff
cock  and  ramming  his  tool  balls  deep  in  her hot asshole on every
downward plunge.   Ruth quit  sucking Bill's  stiff shaft  and moved  in
between  Tammy's  legs  watching  her  drive  Dan's  stiff  cock  up her
stretched anus.  Seeing Tammy's open dripping slit Ruth quickly moved in
and  began  to  lick  and  suck  Tammy's  cunt  while  her husbands cock
continued to ram in  and out of Tammy's  asshole.  Bill moved in  behind
Ruth and spread her  firm ass cheeks opening  her anus and pussy.   Ruth
called out to Bill to fuck her asshole hard and fast.  Bill pressed  his
cock to Ruth's slippery ass pucker and drove his long thick shaft up her
pulsing pink rimmed  anus making Ruth  cry out with  passion.  Karen was
almost incoherent now  as she drove  Tom's long dick  deep up her  tight
young anus filling her pulsing rectum  with his hot fat cock.  Jill  was
moaning loudly now  as Fred reamed  her tight back  door with his  stiff
shaft and she sucked  on Karen's firm tit.   Karen began her climax  and
her  tight  spasm  ridden  asshole  brought  Tom off making him fill her
pulsing asshole with his thick  sperm.  Jill heard her brother  grunting
out his pleasure and climaxed clamping Fred's pulsing cock in her  tight
rectum and forcing him over the top.  Jill felt Fred shooting his creamy
load up her twitching butt as he rammed his dick deep into her stretched
pleasure filled anus.  Tammy began  to bounce hard on Dan's  stiff shaft
and her climax peaked when  Ruth shoved two fingers up  Tammy's slippery
slit and  nibbled on  her erect  clit.  The  sudden tightness of Tammy's
asshole  convulsing  in  orgasm  brought  Dan  to his peak and he filled
Tammy's hot tight butt with a big load of steaming jism.  Ruth  followed
shortly her packed asshole quivering with the pleasure that Bill's stiff
shaft caused as he reamed his big cock deep into her tight anal  channel
and filled her colon with his load of sweet cream.  The guys were fucked
out and  slumped down  as Tammy  and Ruth  began to  lick and  suck each
others assholes as their daughters  did the same for each  other licking
their brothers loads from each others still twitching rectums.

All around the two families  people were fucking and sucking  each other
until  they  climaxed.   Three  young  guys  were  fucking a hot looking
brunette about 40 years old.  The brunette was sitting on one guys  cock
while another pumped his  cock up her wet  pink asshole.  The third  guy
was pumping his stiff dick into  the woman's mouth ramming his long  fat
cock deep into her throat as he pinched her nipples and she squeezed his
balls and finger fucked his asshole.   One by one the guys came  filling
the brunette's cunt asshole and mouth with their thick sperm.  After the
guys climaxed filling her holes she sucked each of their cocks clean and
left, the sperm running down her legs as  she moved on looking  for more
fresh hard cocks.  Just in front of the girls there was a small  Redhead
with a firm young  body who was sucking  a big black man.   Her red lips
were stretched by his long fat shaft and as he drove his cock deep  into
her throat you could see her  throat bulging as his cock slid  deep into
filling her  throat and  pressing the  flesh of  her neck  outward.  The
little Redhead took his cock all  the way down to the root  pressing her
red lips into  the coarse black  hair which surrounded  his thick prick.
The guy had a wild expression on his face attesting to the pleasure  her
tight throat was giving him.  Finally his legs could no longer hold  him
up and he slid to the  floor never letting that thick black  shaft leave
her stretched mouth and throat.  The  Redhead got the black stud on  his
back and  started to  bob her  mouth up  and down  his stiff black shaft
taking his large  fat cock balls  deep into her  throat on each  thrust.
Just then a  tall beautiful black  woman and a  young black man  came up
behind the  Redhead, and the guy  the Redhead  was sucking  waved at the
black woman and pointed to the Redhead's exposed rear.  The black  woman
bent down and began  to lick and finger  the Redhead's cunt and  asshole
stuffing her long fingers up the girl's cunt and pink rimmed anus.   The
Redhead started to squirm as her pleasure built.  While the black  woman
was working the Redhead's pussy and  asshole the young black man got  in
behind what I  presumed to be  his mother and  drove his long  cock deep
into her twat ramming her with hard fast strokes.  I wasn't long  before
all  four  party  goers  were  cumming  like crazy.  The older black man
filling  the  Redhead's  mouth  with  massive  amounts  of  sperm   that
overflowed her small mouth and pooled on his hip.  The Redhead  squirmed
with passion and drenched the black woman's face with her juices as  the
black woman her large  firm tits shaking from  the pounding her son  was
administering to her shave pussy climaxed hard.  Her tight cunt  brought
her son  off and  he filled  her pussy  with his  cum as  he pounded his
spurting cock deep into his mothers tight cunt and shoved a long  finger
up her puckered anal ring.  The  Redhead pulled her mouth off the  large
black cock under her and crawled up straddling the still erect shaft and
guided the massive tool up her wet cunt moaning and thrusting until  she
had the guys cock completely buried up her pulsing slit.  The woman  got
up and pulled away  from her son then  guided him up behind  the Redhead
and spread her  firm white ass cheeks and stroked  her son to  hardness.
Once he was  stiff again she  guide his prick  up the Redhead's  asshole
holding his  cock while  it slipped  up her  stretched pink anal pucker.
Her son began to ream his big black cock up the Redhead's asshole  while
she bounced up and down on the older black man's dick.  The black  woman
got down on her hands and  knees and pressed her ass into  the Redhead's
face telling her to lick her asshole while the black man ate her  pussy.
The sight of the four of them going at it big black cocks stretching the
small Redhead's cunt and asshole  while she licked and sucked  the black
woman's asshole was very hot.  Pretty soon the black woman climaxed  and
fell  forward.   Her  climax  was  followed  closely  by  the  Redhead's
screaming climax and the site to  the two black guys firing their  sperm
into the Redhead's asshole and pussy.

The hot scene had affected Bill, Dan, Tom and Fred and their dicks  were
now throbbing  with excitement  and ready  to go  again.  Bill suggested
that they get some of the single men and women who were sitting to their
right involved and the families agreed.  Karen moved over next to a girl
in her mid  twenties who was  frigging her clit  and introduced herself.
The girl had  nice tits and  slim body and  a very pretty  shaved snatch
which she was pounding two fingers into.  The girls name was Sue and she
begged Karen to suck  her pussy and make  her cum.  Karen bent  down and
licked Sue's  clit while  she pulled  Sue's fingers  from her  pussy and
replaced them  with two  of her  own.  Bill  sild over  next to  Sue and
offered her  his revived  stiff cock  which she  took in  her mouth  and
throat.  Tammy got up and came around and introduced herself to two guys
sitting back stroking their stiff cocks  and managed to sit on one  guys
prick ramming it deep into her  sperm filled cunt while Ruth sat  on her
son Tom's stiff prick and had the  other guy fuck her up the ass.   Bill
was now stuffing his cock up Sue's pussy as Karen licked Sue's clit  and
her father's cock as Sue bounced up and down driving Bill's stiff  shaft
deep into her  wet pussy.  Jill  and Dan had  moved over and  while Jill
settled onto a  young guy's stiff  prick Dan moved  in on a  hot looking
blond rolling her  on her side  pulling her leg  up to his  shoulder and
driving his stiff prick deep into her shaved pussy.  A large dicked  guy
got up behind Karen and stuffed  this long cock deep into her  tight wet
pussy driving his dick deep Karen's hot cunt and pounding her slit while
she licked and sucked Sue's cunt and her father's probing cock.  One  by
one the girls started to climax Tammy pounding the young guy's cock deep
into her shaved snatch and milking his load into her spermy pussy.   Sue
climaxed flooding Karen's mouth as  her father Bill blasted his  load up
Sue's  convulsing  pussy  while  he  pulled  and  twisted  her firm pink
nipples.  Ruth was in the throes of a massive climax and her tight  cunt
brought her son Tom off spraying her pussy with sperm as the stranger in
her hot ass came and filled her tight rectum with a fresh load of creamy
jism.  Jill was climaxing her young  tight slit stretched by a long  fat
cock which she had jammed deep into her pussy.  The guy was cumming  and
pulling on Jill's nipples  as he drove his  spurting cock deep into  her
tight cunt.  Dan had  brought the hot blond  to climax twice and  pulled
his still stiff  cock from her  swollen pussy lips  and drove it  up her
puckered pink anus as she sucked  a long fat cock deep into  her throat.
The guy fucking  her mouth was  cumming and the  blond was swallowing  a
large thick  load of  sperm as  Dan plunged  his fat  shaft up her tight
rear.  Dan wailed away up the  blond's asshole until he came and  filled
her stretched anus with his load of sticky seamen.  Karen started to cum
as she sucked her father Bill's now flaccid prick and Sue pulled on  her
nipples.  The  guy fucking  her began  to buck  hard into  her pussy and
filled her tight slit  with a massive load  of sperm as he  fingered her
hot pink anal pucker.  As they fucking bodies slowed down the film ended
with the usual invitation to rent part 3.

As the film  ended Diane began  to climax and  her tight young  cunt and
asshole tightened around my probing fingers as I noticed her pulling  on
her  own  nipples  as  she  shook  with  pleasure.  Kim was mounting her
brother Rob his stiff  cock going deep into  her tight pink pussy  as he
pulled and twisted her stiff nipples.  Mary was already bouncing up  and
down on her husband Jim's stiff cock which was stuffed up her hot  anus.
Jane was  eating her  sister's pussy  and massaging  Jim's heavy swollen
balls as his dick was being  thrust up his wife's hot asshole.   I moved
Diane off the couch and pressed her face against Kim's pussy letting her
lick Kim's stiff clit while Kim pounded her brother Rob's stiff cock  up
her hot cunt.  I move in behind Diane and forced my stiff cock deep into
her overheated vagina filling her tight hole with my throbbing  dick and
ramming her deep.  Diane's hot cunt only lasted a few minutes before she
started to cry out her passion and coat my cock with her slick  orgasmic
juices.  Seeing how aroused she was I pulled out of her pussy and slowly
pressed my throbbing cock up her tight little anus slowly stretching her
anal ring  and driving  my stiff  meat deep  into her  hot tight rectum.
Diane was cumming again in a short time and I filled her asshole with  a
big load of  sperm whipping it  into a frothing  circle around her  pink
rimmed asshole.   Mary was  cumming and  her husband  Jim filled her hot
asshole with a big load of cream as Jane licked and fingered her exposed
cunt and  clit.  Kim  climaxed as  Diane sucked  her stiff  clit and her
brother reamed her pussy with hard fast strokes.  Kim wanted more so she
rose up and let Diane guide  her brother's dick up her tight  anus while
Diane  sucked  up  Rob's  creamy  load  which  leaked  out  of Kim's hot
throbbing pussy.  Jim's cock stayed stiff and hard and he called out  to
Jane to trade places with Mary.  Jane and Mary switched and I watched as
Mary guided her husbands stiff prick up her sister Jane's hot pussy.  My
cock was still hard so I got  behind Mary and stuffed my fingers up  her
slippery pussy thrusting  two fingers deep  into her cunt  as she licked
her sister Jane's stiff clit.  Mary's asshole was slick with sperm and I
pressed my cock deep  up her pulsing asshole  ramming my long dick  deep
into her  hot slippery  asshole.  I  reamed Mary  hard forcing her mouth
against her sisters cunt and  Jim's thrusting cock.  Mary lasted  all of
about two minutes before her first climax hit and I ground my cock  deep
into her pulsing rectum while she  moaned out the climax.  I reamed  her
anus hard stretching her puckered  pink asshole and filling her  already
spermy butt with  a load of  my own sperm.   Jane climaxed and  with her
sister's help pulled Jim's cock from her cunt and rammed it up her tight
asshole as Mary  licked up Jim's  sperm from her  sister's open dripping
pussy.  Diane and Kim had switched  places and Diane was riding Rob  his
cock balls deep in Diane's hot asshole as Kim licked and sucked  Diane's
open  pink  pussy  sucking  her  stiff  clit  making  her  climax almost
continuously.  I moved behind Kim and fucked my stiff cock up her  tight
pussy ramming her deep until she climaxed.  Seeing how turned on she was
I pulled out and rammed my stiff prick up her sperm soaked anus  filling
her tight ass with my fat cock and began to ream her asshole hard.  Jane
was cumming as Jim's dick stretched her hot asshole plunging balls  deep
on each thrust  as her sister  Mary thrust her  tongue deep into  Jane's
open slippery cunt.  Jim filled Jane's  asshole with his last load as  I
filled Kim's  throbbing  rectum with my  sperm.   Rob  shot his load  up
Diane's hot tight  asshole.  The girls  continued to lick  and suck each
others sperm  filled cunts  and assholes  for a  while then  we all took
showers.  The guys were  done and I offered  to take Diane home  with me
and let her sleep at my place because I didn't want her driving home  in
her exhausted condition.   Diane gratefully accepted  and we left  Jane,
Kim, Mary, Rob and Jim laying on Jane's bed in a tangle of arms and legs
their cunts and cocks rubbed raw by the hot hard sex we had experienced.
When we  got to  my place  I carried  the sleeping  Diane into the house
stripped her hot body and put her  to bed.  Before I crawled in next  to
her I phoned Sue and told her to come over about noon for some hot times
with me and Diane.  Sue agreed and the next day was another wanton  orgy
with some nice surprises.

--
