Archive-name: Fetish/jane-dck.txt
Archive-author: Rodd Kay
Archive-title: Jane and Dick


   Since I am new to this Board, I thought I ought to make a 
contribution.  In addition, I would hope that there are
some people out there who would enjoy playing these kinds
of games with a 50'ish man.  I've changed her name to protect
us all, but "Jane" was really someone special!
   Several years ago, I ran an ad that started "Voyeur's
delight.  I'll please your lady as you would like to see 
her...."  I made several contacts that way, but the best, by
far, was Jane.  She wrote to me first, and I responding by 
giving her my phone number.  At that time, I could go to my 
apartment for lunch so she would call and we would talk.  I 
would tell her what I would like to do to and with her.  It 
really helped me to picture what I wanted to do with her when 
she sent me two photos which had been specially posed for me.
The thought that her husband had taken the photos specifically
for me only added to my pleasure.  Finally, after several 
weeks of getting acquainted, we set up a meeting.
   I always get butterflies in the stomach when I am to meet
a new partner, so I had lots of them as I drove up 101.  Got 
to their house and was invited in.  We had planned to go to 
dinner after we had had a couple of drinks.  My lustful
thoughts were uncontrollable when I saw that she was 
wearing a blouse with no bra under it and that the skirt was 
a split, wrap-around which ended about 2 inches above her
knees.  
   After a couple of sips on my drink, I asked her to come to 
where I was sitting.  She stood before me, and I looked into 
her eyes for a very long minute.  Then, she reached to the 
edges of the skirt and opened it back.  There was nothing to 
interfere with the sight of her pussy peeking from the bush 
that surrounded it.  I leaned forward with my hands on the 
insides of her thighs, and put the tip of my tongue at the top 
of that luscious slit.  There wasn't really enough room to get 
any further so I dropped my hand to behind her right knee.  I 
lifted until she was forced to balance for a moment on one leg 
as I set her foot beside me on the chair.  Then the eating 
began in earnest.  I could feel her trembling as she began to 
get close to her climax, and finally she was forced to put her 
hands on my head and steady herself to keep from falling as 
she came.
   As she began to come down, I once again became aware that 
her husband had been watching, approvingly.  By that time, any 
interest we might have had in drinks was gone.
   We got into their car with all three of us squeezed into 
the front seat.  We talked about all sorts of things besides 
sex, but my hand was on her thigh through the slit in the skirt
the whole time.  Every time that we turned a corner, I could 
feel her warmth pressed against me.  The softness of her 
breasts pressed against my chest raised more than my spirits.
   The restaurant, where we went, was configured like the old 
Victoria Stations with high backed booths, so there was
a sense of intimacy yet the feeling of being in a public
room.  Even before the waiter had come to take our order, I
had pulled her blouse open wide enough to bring one of her 
nipples to my lips and had sucked on it enough to make it 
hard.  I wanted to be able to see them poking through the 
fabric as we ate....
   Once I had gotten Jane's nipples hard, I put her tits back
into her blouse just far enough that the tips of her nipples 
were covered.  The dark circles that surrounded her nipples
showed in the V that her partly buttoned blouse made.  Even 
while the waiter was taking our order, I had my hand inside 
her skirt playing with her pussy.  
   Once he had left, I had her slide down in her seat.  
Before I beginning to really play with her clit, I gave her 
a napkin to muffle her sounds.  Her husband sat across the 
table from us enjoying the scene as I made her cum.  
   At just about the same time as the food began to arrive, 
I let her stop to catch her breath back again.
   As we sat finishing dinner, we could see that the wind had 
come up outside.  As we walked across the parking lot, the 
wind would catch her skirt and blow it back leaving her entire
front exposed.  The wind had turned her into an unwitting, 
although willing, flasher.  
   We had walked only about 30 feet when two couples came 
around the end of a row of cars.  Once again the wind caught 
her skirt, but she walked on talking to the two of us as if 
she were totally unaware of the fact that she was completely
exposed.
   Once we got to the car, Jane and I crawled into the back
seat while her husband got behind the wheel.  I had often read
about this kind of scene happening, but it was my first 
experience putting on a show in the back seat of a car for 
a husband.  I was enjoying myself, and it didn't take long 
before I had all her buttons undone and her whole body open 
to my tongue, fingers and cock.  Our route took us down a 
freeway, but I was only vaguely aware that we were driving 
rather slowly and that cars and trucks were passing us.  But 
I did realize that it wouldn't be hard for any of them to look 
over and see what was happening in that back seat. Before we 
pulled into their driveway, my cock was buried deeply in her 
luscious cunt.
   When we stopped in front of their house, I buttoned one 
skirt button so that it wouldn't fall off, and we walked through 
the dusk into the house.  She lead me directly into the 
bedroom with her husband following.  Although he also got
undressed, he contented himself with playing with himself as 
he sat on the foot of the bed.
   Jane and I resumed where we had left off.  First, I 
discovered that she had a gigantic vibrating dildo in a 
drawer beside the bed.  I was almost intimidated that she 
could take so it so big, but I figured what better way to open
her enough that she could easily take me.  It was interesting
to be inside her and feel her pussy gradually shrinking to fit
my size.  We ended the evening with me and a somewhat smaller 
sized vibrator sharing her pussy at the same time.  It had me
cumming until I was completely drained, and until she was 
totally limp from her repeated orgasms.
   My last sight of her was Jane lying spread on the bed three-
quarters asleep with my white moisture drying on her hair as I 
placed a final kiss on her lips and a final caress on her 
pussy.
   The evening left me with one of those beautiful memories 
that I can enjoy reliving again and again.

--

