       "The Virgin Janet"


    
 Janet awoke to the sound of her alarm clock at 6 am.  It was still
dark outside but she knew it was time to get ready for school.  Her
parents were rich modern people who could pay to keep her out of
their hair.  They paid for the little condo she stayed in, even
though an appartment would have done well enough.  The little college
of the arts she went to was just a few blocks down the road.  Not
quite close enough for her to go home for lunch, but not so far
away she couldn't stay late at school working on her latest project.

 She was reminded of her project each morning as she passed what
she called her studio room.  There were large charts with elaborate
illustrations of a modern artwork.  The drawings showed the wire-frame
shape of a buxom woman.  There was a large wire-frame box about
its body from the chest to the thighs. 

 Janet's teachers had praised her for her design.  They said it
showed a sexual maturity rarely seen in artist her age.  She
was sorry she had to dissapoint one of them.  Like a young professor
who had wanted to take her out for dinner.  She was a twenty
year old virgin.  She didn't know the first thing about dating.

 The guy had been so cute and powerful, but she couldn't let
him find out how little she knew.  Curse my damn parents,
she thought as she stripped in the bathroom.

 When she was younger her mom had told her all about the sins
of dating and going with boys.  Then they had sent her to an
all girls boarding schools and made sure not to send her enough
money for makeup or pretty dresses.

She looked in the mirror and asked herself, 'Don't I look
attractive?  Why don't more guys ask me out?  Younger guys?'
In the mirror the delicate features of a striking asian woman
stared back.  A face with tiny full lips and perfect brown eyes.
The curls of her short ebony hair shook lightly as she cried.
'Why do I look so ugly?', she whined.

 She felt around one of her sizeable breast.  They weren't
massive but more than adequate.  She touched the back of
her well toned thighs amazed at the firm volume of meat 
there.  'Why am I so fat?', she asked.

 Janet cursed her parents in japanese, their native tongue 
and debated why she was too fat for guys to like.  She pinched
her plump, lovely face and started sobbing harder.  She washed 
her face before flipping the fan switch on.

 As she stepped into the shower she recalled the one slight
sexual experience she had had in her whole life.  Back in
boarding school there had been a cute girl named Erica who
didn't talk to others much.  She had short black hair and
a winning smile.   Janet had befriended her, as she liked
to be friendly with everyone.

 Erica did seem a bit odd and she was rather muscular for
a girl.  But Janet wouldn't listen to rumors that the
girl was queer.  Wouldn't listen until one day out
of the blue Erica pressed her hand against young Janet's
crotch after gym.  She was wearing the regulation skirt and
stockings but still Janet had felt a warm heat, hotter than 
the other girls hand could be, growing between her legs.  Then 
Janet, embarassed had left without saying a word.
 
 In the shower Janet rubbed her clit as she fantasized
about what might have went different if she had let
Erica continue.  They never had spoken much after that.

 She had to stop soon for her clit was extremely sensitive
and one of her least used parts.  Even the few strokes she
had given it had her panting for air and feeling steaming
hot all over.

 Janet stopped the shower and patted herself dry.
Later she put on a long white knitted pullover sweater.
It went just to her thighs where a tiny silk white skirt
peeked out.  She kept her legs in magnificent shape and
needed no stockings.  


                     - - -


 As Janet walked to school in her ultra short outfit she
noticed several men stopping to stare at her.  Even women
were looking at her legs and chest.  She felt horrible.
She thought they were all wondering why such a porky girl
would dare to ware such an outift.  

 The men that were looking at Janet would have happily paid
money just to take her out to dinner.  But they all saw the
bold way she walked and how she kept her head so high.  Surely,
she would scorn the apporach of any mortal man.

 The women mostly felt envious.  Some even dared to hiss a, "shameless
hussy" or "whore" at her as she passed.  

 The way everyone had watched and stared at her made her feel like
some scarlet letter 'V' was stitched to her dress. 

There was a healthy glow to her face from her long stroll by the
time she arrived at school.
            
 In advanced statuary class that day, Janet was surprised to see Yona
Brighton.  She was the biggest artist in the field.  Turned out,
that Janet's teacher, Mr. Beham was an old friend of hers and she
just happened to be in town.  

 All during class, Janet's hands shook.  She felt so nervous and
unsure about herself.  Her clay statue of a horse was looking more
like a cow.

 Then Yona herself had come over to help.  She looked at Janet's
dirty hands, covered in a mess of gritty clay.  She took the girl's
hands in her own strong ones and slowly stroked them.  Janet
wondered why the older woman was doing such a thing.  She looked
up at the woman's face.  Yona was a big strong woman with short
blonde hair.  Her face was still pretty cute and womanly though.

 "Here this is what to do.", the older woman said as she dropped
Janet's hands and used the mess of clay now in her own hands to
build the horse's neck and head.

 The rest of the class was pretty busy all about the room, in their
working coats.  Even Mr. Beham was busy across the room shaping some
student's hopeless mess of clay into something a bit more reasonable.

 "Gee.  Thanx a mil!", Janet exclaimed, surprised at the fleet speed
of Yona's hands.

 She wanted to ask her all kinds of questions, like how long it
took to put together the 93' Moscow exhibit or the really big
New York project.  But she didn't want to sound giddy or naieve
so she looked down at the horse quietly.

 Yona was about to turn and leave but then stopped and put her
hand under Janet's chin.  Janet looked up with a smudge of
clay on her jaw and lower lip.

 "You know, I was just thinking you'd be great for my latest
  art project."

  "Mu mu. . . Me?", Janet managed.

  "Well, you have a nice body, cute face, why not?"

 Janet began to smile.  It was the first time someone had said that
too her in a long time.

  "Art project?"

  "Yes.  I need a female model for a new bronze work I'm doing.  You
   do nude work don't you?"

 Janet had never done any nude modeling.  But she knew this would
be a chance for her to study with the best of the best.

   "Yeah.  Of course.  Sure."

   "Well, I'm just in town for a few days.  I'll give you
    my hotel name and room after class."

 Janet nodded, proud of herself, feeling useful even important
to a project that would likely be world famous.  A project by
Yona Brighton.

 
            - - -
   
It was almost dark outside but thats the time Yona wanted to
meet so Janet caught a taxi over to the Nriton Tower.  She was
wearing a short black mini and white silk blouse.

She arrived at Yona's room but nobody answerd the door.  After
a few minutes she was about to leave but the door swung open.

Yona was standing there, in the doorway, wearing a white lab coat.
It hung nicely over her large breast and 
It extended to her mid-thigh where her naked legs contnued right
down to her bare feet.

Janet was a bit surprised at this.  But she supposed Yona felt very
at home in the hotel and was just relaxing.

"Come on in."

Janet walked into the room.  She saw that it was just the entrance
to a much larger suite.  There were vases of carnations all over 
the place and some slow music playing softly.

"Wow.  This is a nice place.", Janet said.  Indeed it was.  The suite
was larger than her luxurious condo.  The ceilings were atleast 15 feet
up.

 Yona smiled and showed her into the dining room.

 "We'll work here.  First, would you like anything to drink?"

 Janet was already taking her shoes off.

 "Um, sure.  Coke?"

 Yona laughed and said she only had brandy.

 There was a small sitting room with sofa and chairs nearby, and thats
where Yona brought two large bowls of the stuff.

 "This is a rather big glass isn't it?", Janet asked, barely able to hold 
the enormous bowl in both hands.

 "Well, it can't be that bad for you.  Look at me, I drink this much
  before every session."

 Janet didn't notice that Yona wasn't drinking her brandy as the girl
tipped the 2 pint aquarium class jug higher and higher.  She was starting
to get a very heavy buzz as lines of juice flowed from the corners of
her mouth and onto her blouse.  She started choking and coughing.

 "Hey. Not so fast, take it easy", Yona said as she placed a hand on
the girl's shoulder.

 The 'brandy' had just stopped fizzing like boiling water a little
before it disapeared down Janet's lovely throat.

 "You're japanese aren't you?", Yona asked.

 Janet nodded between coughs as Yona patted the girls shaking back.
She took the empty bowl from the girls hands and set it down on
a coffee table.

 "Well you ready to get started?"

 Janet nodded again.  Yona noted the glow on the girl's face and the
glazed look in her eyes.

 "Hey, you don't drink much do you?"

 Janet shook her head and started to stand.  She was removing the
fist few buttons from her brandy soaked blouse when Yona stopped her.

 "Let me."

 Yona started removing the lower buttons from Janet's ruined blouse
when she got to the waist line.  She pulled the rest of it out of
the girl's skirt and looked at her.

 "You know, you are really cute."

 Janet's blouse fell to the floor revealing her bare tits.  They
stared up at Yona like two big eyes.  The sight of two pert pointy 
globes, enormous nipples and the surprisngly full bulk of the flesh
was already making her cunt wet.  Janet had prefect skin, slightly
tanned all over and baby smooth.

 "Well, we'll just do a few drawings like this for starters.", Yona said,
her voice shaking.

Janet nodded and staggered towards the dining room.

She climbed up onto the table there and sat down.  Yona made no attempt
to position the girl in any particular way.  She just got out a small
notepad and begin sketching what she saw.

She was an expert draftsman and soon had Janet's likeness copied as
clear as a polaroid snapshot.

 Yona frowned and stuck her pencil in her mouth.  

"Ok.  Now we need to do the lower half."

 She stood up and walked over to Janet.  As her hand brushed one of the
Janet's warm breast, she couldn't help touching it.  Before she knew
it, she was lightly squeezing one of the girl's nipples between thumb 
and index finger.

 Janet's mouth began to open and her eyes looked down at Yona's hand
in dazed surprise.

 "Its just, that it's easier to draw them when they stand out.", Yona said.

 Janet nodded.

Yona gathered as much of each breast in her two hands as she could
and started slowly kneading them like dough.  She swirled her thumbs
about the girl's growing nipples and slowly pressed her onto her back.
Janet moaned in chaotic patterns as the painful pleasure at the end
of her mounds grew.

 Abruptly, Yona stopped and undid the clasp to Janet's skirt.
She pulled the whole thing down, over Janet's plump, firm thighs
and perfect legs.  She saw the girl was wearing a small pair
of tight jockeys.

 There was a wet stain between Janet's legs on the jockeys.

"You've wet yourself, Janet."

 Janet tried to lift her head to see what Yona was talking about,
but couldn't get it more than an inch off the table.  She tried
to move her arms but they just wobbled

"Don't worry, I'll clean you up.", Yona said.

She left the room.  Janet managed to tilt her head towards the
way Yona had gone and waited.

When Yona did return Janet didn't know what to make of the sight.
Yona was carrying a large cardboard box and a large dirt devil
stick vac.

She put her hand in the box and brought it back out with a gob
of lube.  It spread out in a thick gooy volume about the 
surface of the vac's long rigid hose as she fisted it.

Yona plugged the vac into a nearby outlet and turned it on low.
A buzzing sound filled the air until she touched the nozzle
to Janet's clothed cunt.  Then it made a muffled off and on
again high pitched sucking sound.

 Janet began to squirm and gasp for air.  Even in her dazed state
she began to spread her legs and bend the knees, bringing them to
rest on her chest.  

 Yona used the vac nozzle to move Janet's well drenched shorts to
one side, exposing her lucious mound.  It was lightly covered in
a hazel fuzz and pulsating. 

 The sound of the vac grew even louder as Yona flipped its little
switch to 'high' and began to press the nozzle up between Janet's
labium.

 Janet began to shriek in pain louder then the vac's mindless
hum as she felt its solid form pressing hard at her slit.

 Yona had to twist and turn it, wiggle it from side to side
slowly.  But soon it was actually cleaving into the girl's
vibrating body.  Blood began to gush out onto the table
and made a gurgling sound as the vac sucked it up.

 Yona stopped the vac and waited for Janet to settle down a
bit.

  "You're a virgin?"

 Janet was covered in sweat and her chest heaved with her
heavy breathing and shaking reflexes.  

"Oh god.... it feels so good.  Don't stop!", Janet gasped.

 Yona turned the vac back on and watched the beeds of sweat
running down the girl's plump ass and full thighs.  Her legs
were hiked up all the way onto her chest as she lay there on
her back.  Even now she was spreading her lips with her little
fingers for the nozzle to get in easier.

 The nozzle to the vac was easily 14 inches long, but Yona found
the girl was only able to take about 10 .  She was sliding it
in and out of her slick cunt with quite a bit of speed when Janet 
began to come.  Her body quivered and shook like there was a fresh 
salmon in her womb.

 Yona turned the vac to 'low' then off.  It was still stuck half-way
up Janet's pulsating cunt, covered in clumps of blood, lube and the
girl's own juices.

 Yona pulled several large white towels out of the box and began to
cleanup all the fluids staining the table.  She pulled the vac out
of Janet slowly.  It made a loud poping sound followed by sticky gooy
sounds as it fell from her cunt.

 She cleaned Janet as much as possible and the vac nozzle too.
Now she was ready for some real fun.

 Janet released her tense tendons and let her legs spread out
across the table.  Then she tried to sit up, but Yona easily
pushed her dazed form back down.

 From the box Yona got a piece of toast.  It was golden brown.
She spread a bit of butter, and then a spoon full of jelly on
it.  Yona loved breakfast food and would eat it any time of
day in private.  

 She bent the toast onto itself like she was making a hotdog bun.
Janet's still gaping cunt easily accepted the rough, itchy intruder.
Instead of just leaving the bread protruding from her, Yonah pushed
it all the way into Janet's pussy.  As deep as she could with her
fingers.  Janet moaned and squirmed.

 "Just you wait honey.", Yona promised.

 Yona placed her hands, palms down, beneath Janet's sizeable buttocks
and kneaded them as she lapped at the sweat and come soaked cleft
between the girl's two dripping holes.

 She kissed and nibbled at the parted labium and swabbed the throbing
clit like it was a little piece of candy.  Janet bucked her head against
the table several times as she tried to push Yona's head closer
towards the nub.  

 Yona had a very long tounge.  She could make it stick out nearly four
inches.  It was with this firm yet soft tool that she probed into Janet's
amazingly slippery slit and kept pressing until her teeth hit flesh and
could go no further.  It tasted as sweet as honey down there and Yona
wondered why she hadn't gone down on Janet's dripping mound sooner.

 She sucked and slurped with all her might as she teased the edge
of the toast she could just feel towards her.  Her throat made
loud sounds as she consumed tounge fulls of come.

 Janet heard an odd crunching sound as the itching between her legs
grew.  Then she saw Yona rise up above her face with a piece of
soggy toast hanging from her mouth.  Her chin was dripping gooy
spunk and bits of blood were smeared on her jaw and nose.

 Even as she chewed on the tasty comebread Yona stuck two fingers into
Janet's slick cunt and pumped them there for a bit.  Janet's head shaked
from side to side in pleasure as she moanded Yona's name.

 Yona brought the come drenched fingers up to Janet's mouth and
hooked them into that lovely place.  At first Janet tried to
spit the fingers out, but when she tasted the honey-like spunk
on them she began to suck lewdly.

 She licked and sucked Yona's fingers like she was a calf suckling
on its mom's wet tit.

Loud, dual wet poping sounds went off as Yona pulled her fingers from
the girl's sticky, greedy mouth.  She clamped her mouth, toast and all 
over the girls lovely lips.  They kissed, passing the bread between
their mouths several times as they munched and nibbled.

 After they were finished with the bread, Yona returned to the box
and fetched an extra large ribbed dildo.  It was a massive rubber covered
prick, a foot long and nearly five inches wide at the base.  It
had realistic veins and oddly placed holes all over it.

 Yona slowly pushed it into Janet's raw cunt.  Janet was yelling,
"My god its soooo  Oweeee  Oh.. oh Ouch!  Don't stop.. Ouch!"

 After about 8 inches Yona stopped forcing the thick tool into
her box and got the vac.  The dildo was custom made to fit the
vac's nozzle expansion button connecter.  She inserted the vac's
nozzle into the back of the dildo where she twisted it until
it made a soft clicking sound.

 Janet came a few seconds after Yona kicked the vac into high gear.
It was just too much for her.   Still Yona thrusted the monsterous
prong in and out of her at a relentless pace until Janet passed
out from exhaustion.

 When she came to, Janet found a wet spread pusy in her face and
someone rapidly licking her own cunt.  She hugged Yona's strong
form and feeling curious lapped tentatively at the side of the
larger woman's mound.  The sweat there felt salty, but there
was a bitter-sweet after taste.  Curious, she thought; And
tasty too.  

 Janet was one of those one in a million girls that can make
her tounge wrap into a tube shape.  She did that and poked
it into Yona's pink, dripping slit.

 She openned it up in there and tasted the sweet, somewhat
bitter taste of the larger blonde.  Janet began to buck her
head, screwing that well toned body from behind with her
own tounge.

"Yeah, thats it Janet!  Really lick it!", Yona gasped as she
drove a finger into Janet's gooy anal ring and started eating
her out stronger than before.

Janet passed out again as she came in a pelvis grinding body
rocking explosion of pool making fluids and pleasure quakes.


                       - - -


 Janet awoke to what sounded like her alarm clock at 6am.  She
rubbed her burning eyes and felt an unfamiliar pillow beneath
her head.  She looked about the room and felt confused.  The
room was not hers.  She looked down and saw that she was
completely naked on a bed without covers.

 The sound of a maid in some nearby suite, vacum cleaning
made its way into the room.  The images of her first true fuck 
session came flooding back to her.

 She felt ashamed and used but also horney as hell.  She
wanted a stiff poking from Yona more than anything else
at that moment.

 About then, Yona walked into the room.  She was dressed up
in a long flower dress, had a hat on her head and a suitcase
in her hand.

"Morning, Lover.", she said.

 She bent over the bed and ran her wet tounge up one of Janet's
high cheekbones, then down the other..  She sucked face with Janet
for a few seconds in deep embrace before breaking away.

"I have to run.  Plane leaves in an hour!"

"But-", began Janet.

 "No.  I'll come and visit sometime", Yona said, placing her index
finger against the younger woman's lips.

 "I've called room service, and have a special meal being brought
  up.", she continued.

 "Bye. Yona. . . Thanx for the. . um. . my first real fuck."

 Yona nodded, looked like she wanted to say more, but couldn't.
She turned and left.


                 - - - 


Janet had found her wrinkled skirt and soiled blouse.  She put
these on and was looking for her shoes when there was a knock
at the door.

 "Room Service.", a man said.

'Oh, breakfast', she thought as she unlocked the door.

Two large men forced their way into the room.  They were both wearing
hotel uniforms.  One was a black guy who Janet found extremely
cute.  He had large muscles and a big rear, like she liked em'
The other was a short white guy who looked no older than sixteen.

They didn't have any trays or dumbell waiter with them.

"Can I help you?", Janet asked with a growing uneasiness.

"Yona sent us.  We'd better hurry, we only get a 10 minute break.", the
black guy said, glancing at this watch.

"Man, she's the hottest looking asian chick I've ever seen!", exclaimed
the white guy.

"I'm japanese", Janet said, feeling her knees going weak.

The black guy caught her as she fell and carried her into the bedroom.
He lowered her gently onto her back.

"Whats your name?", Janet asked him.

"Brad, and thats Bill."

He was already out of his uniform and kicking off his shoes.  Bill
was not far behind him.

 Janet didn't struggle as Brad's strong hands removed her blouse
and skirt.  He told her to get down near the edge of the bed and rest
on her forearms.  Her head was at the bottom edge of the bed, with
her itchy holes facing towards the head of the bed.

 Brad mounted her from behind, with one knee bent on the bed, and
his other leg over the edge.  His long dong caused her some pain
on the first few dry strokes but soon she was singing his name
like a damn parrot.

 "Damn.  She's tight as a baby, man!", Brad exclaimed.

 Bill shoved his cock into her mouth.  Her mouth was stretched into
odd proportions as she sucked and he guided his steaming rod in and
out of her wet, warm mouth.   She couldn't believe how tasty the
jizz dripping from his meat was.  But she had to get as much as she
could.

Bill tried to tell her how to keep her lips over her teeth and not-

"Ahhhhhh  Shit!!",
he cursed and cried out as she forgot and scratched him with her teeth.  

 The trio were colliding in unpredictable ways as Brad and Bill's
pace varied.  Brad was humping and pumping as fast as he could
into her slick cunt as Bill sped up and slowed down depending on
how often she nearly cut him by accident.

 Soon, Bill came shooting a thick cheese-like load into her mouth.
She kept trying to milk his shrinking dick but he pulled out and
watched her swallow while he got on his uniform.

 Janet's head bobbed back and forth faster and faster as Brad
pumped her.  He gripped her lovely hips, slipery with dripping
sweat, as he burried himself to the hilt and waited.  He came
then in several loads of hot seed.  She felt it filling her
cunt and as he made his last few strokes she exploded in
her own orgasim.

 "Hey, Bill. .  I know we'll be late, but how often do you gang
  bang a ho this good looking?  C'mon man.  Lets do her double."

Bill felt his prick growing at the black man's words and soon
he was smiling and lowering his pants.

Janet moaned and whimpered in pleasure in Brad's strong hands.
He wiped his wet hard dick against her backdoor a few
times before plunging it a few inches into her.  

She cried out and then he started pumping in and out of her
gooy growing hole.  When it was good and slick he put his
arms about her and fell onto his back.  With her on top he
started fondling her breast and feeling her curves all over.

Bill climbed onto the bed and rested his hand on her knee.

"Spread em' bitch."

She spread her legs as wide as she could and then used her fingers
to open her cunt completely to him.

He guided his own cock into her pussy and then settled down, crushing
her massive breast.

All three started moving as best they could, but mainly Bill.
Janet started crying, tears falling onto Brad as she mumbled
how much she liked being fucked by two studs.

Janet came not long after, starting a chain reaction.  Bill couldn't
help but shoot his load as her gooy tight insides beat his prick in all 
the right directions.  But before he shot, Bill pulled out and aimed
for her face.  His jizz covered her whole left cheek in a thick
sticky pearl pudding.

Brad followed not long behind, filling her rectum with a massive load 
that squirted out of her in hand fulls as he made a few last pumps.

Brad suddenly felt a massive pressure on his bladder.

"Get up man!  Get up.. I gotta piss!"

It felt like he was going to loose a tub of urine right there
in the bed.   Bill got up and sat on the edge of the bed.
Brad headed for the bathroom.  Then he had a wicked idea.

He came back and grabbed Janet by an ear.  Almost a third of her
face was covered in Bill's jizz.  It looked sexy on her sexy
face.  Almost anything would look sexy on her face.  He pulled her 
over the edge of the bed, onto the floor and told her to turn her mouth 
up towards him.  From where she squated, she did.

He started pissing a golden stream directly down her throat.
He watched as it bounced off her tounge and the back of her throat.
She would swallow so she could breathe now and then, and her mouth
would nearly fill full of his wicked ale.

She actually liked it.

Bill watched it all in amazement.

"Wish my girlfriend would do that for me.", he said.

"And my wife for me. . .", Brad managed between grunts.

Janet moved closer and drew the last drops directly from his
limp cock.  She even pumped it a little with her fist.  After
that she took four fingers and gathered up the come still on
her face.  She began to feed it to her lovely little mouth and
suck every last drop off.



-- end --












