JANE & PASTOR VERN   

 Two months and three days after I turned 15, my mother found God and God
gave her Pastor Vern- at least that's the way she tells it.  Up until then, I
thought that my mother was happy having a little family of two.  My father
exited the scene when I was a baby.  Apparently my mother wanted more than
just a teenage daughter to keep her company.  I wouldn't have minded God; I
wouldn't have minded a man; this particular combination of man and God was a
disaster.

     When my mother took God into her life, she expected me to go along for
more than just the ride.  All of a sudden I was going to church (I hadn't
been before) two to three times on Sunday and on Wednesday nights.  Before
this I had heard about sin but didn't think too much about it- sin was the
kinds of things that criminals did, not everyday folks and certainly not
little kids and teenagers.  Well, according to Pastor Vern, I was very much
mistaken.  The Good Book says we are sinners from the day we are born and
that sinners are punished (I kinda knew that).  In the first week at this
church I heard more about sin and all of its colorful variations than I had
heard in all of my 15 previous years.

     It didn't take me too long to realize that Pastor Vern was particularly
concerned with sins of the flesh- I heard allot about fornication, harlots,
sodomy, and the abomination of homosexual behavior.  I guess that gluttony
didn't count for much with him since he practically need a sling to hold up
his gut.  Since I was a virgin, I didn't think I was one of the awful
sinners.  I didn't really think that I was a sinner at all but then Pastor
Vern pronounced that thought was equivalent to the deed.  Well I had
certainly had thoughts about fornication, lots of thoughts.  Isn't that what
15 year old girls and boys do.  We passed around our favorite books with the
pages with the sexy parts dog-eared.  Even after listening to Pastor Vern
rant and rave about this, I still didn't think that it had a lot to do with
me.  I guess that obeying one's father and mother was also a  Biggie.  I
hadn't heard that one yet  or  the spare the rod bit.  Until................

    My mother had been dating Pastor Vern for a few weeks when she began
feeding him too.  He started to come to our house for supper.  One night I
got a phone call after supper and got into an earnest 
conversation with one of my girl friends.  

    "Jane, I want you to do the dishes now," said my mother.

   " Aw Mom, cool it!" I replied.

    I looked at my mother out of the corner of my eye when I saw her give a
pleading look to Pastor Vern.  
Then I heard him say to her,  " Beth, you know that I've told you that you
aren't giving Jane what she needs.  You know that you shouldn't put up with
that lip.  She needs a good spanking."

     When I heard him say that, I slammed down the phone and ran from the
room yelling, "No, you won't!"

     When I got to my bedroom, I slammed the door shut and locked it.  I fell
against the door panting but feeling safe.   A couple of seconds later there
was a pounding at my door and Pastor Vern said, "Open this door right this
minute or I'll break it down and it will be all the worse for you!"  I
hesitated for a second or two and then reluctantly opened the door.

   No sooner had I opened the door then he grabbed me by the arm and yanked
me towards my bed.  The next thing I knew he was sitting on the bed and I was
sprawled across his lap.  He put one arm across my back to hold me down and
used his other hand to pull down my shorts and then my panties.  He gasped
out, "Now I going to beat some obedience into your bottom!"  For a second I
could feel a rush of cool air on my bare butt.  Then all of a sudden I felt a
hard smack one cheek and then another smack on the other. He paused for a
moment and I began to hope that this was all there was to it.  Before I got
very far into this way of thinking, he said, "Now Jane, this is what happens
to bad girls and before I'm through your bottom is going to be so sore that
sitting is going to be very hard.  Something to think about while you're
praying for forgiveness."  As his last syllable faded away, he renewed the
assault on my poor behind.  At first it was merely sore and then it started
to feel hot and like it had been stung by a thousand bees.  I was crying and
screaming for him to stop but he didn't listen.  I started kicking and he did
stop but only to tell me that if I kicked once more he would give it to me
for another five minutes.  I stopped kicking and he gave me a couple more
swats and then stopped.

    He made me stand up and said, "Cover up your butt and then get down on
your knees and pray for forgiveness."

    Slowly, I bent over to pull up my panties and my shorts.  Even the act of
pulling my silky panties over my inflamed bottom caused me to cry harder.  

    "Down on your knees!" he ordered.

    I sank to my knees and started muttering through my sobs.  

    "What are you saying?" he asked.  "I can't understand a word.  I want to
hear you beg the Lord for 
forgiveness."

     I managed to shout out my repentance and he seemed satisfied.  He turned
to leave the room and turned back when he got to the door and said, "This is
just a taste of what's to come if you don't learn to act like a proper
Christian girl!"  He left the room, closing the door behind him.

    When he was gone, I carefully pulled down my shorts and then my panties.
 I ran my hand lightly over my red, raw bottom.  Even the merest touch
increased the pain.  I took off my shirt and bra and then put on a light
summer nightgown.  I was still sobbing.  I pulled down the covers on my bed
and lay down on it face down and pulled up my nightie.  I was hoping that
some cool night air would ease some of the throbbing.  It didn't help.  I
turned over onto my back with the idea that the cool sheets would help.  
Nothing helped and I had many hours away contemplating what my life was going
to be like and how many more spankings I would get with Pastor Vern in my
life.
