
                        ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                        บ       Janie's Adventure       บ
                        บ        by Solitaire One       บ
                        ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

         She was unable to keep  from sobbing.  Her  mind was in a  turmoil:
     part of her wanted to experience the new sensations, but the other part
     still was trapped by her upbringing.  Her hands clenched the spread  in
     fists of steel as  she felt his  mouth sliding gently  up and down  her
     thigh, coming closer and closer to  her cunt with each cycle.   Finally
     when his lips  encased the sensitive  skin joining thigh  to cunt,  her
     mind broke.

         "No!  Damn it, NO!!!!"  Her  hands grabbed his hair and forced  his
     face up and away from her womanhood.

         He sat up and  shook his head sadly.   "Oh Janie, what  am I to  do
     with you?  I warned you  but you just won't listen.   Come with me.   I
     know only one way to handle  disobedient children."  He took her  wrist
     and forced her to stand and follow him to the low dressing table  where
     he sat in the short stool.  Since her head was down, she couldn't  help
     but notice that his cock was no longer as rigid as it had been, hanging
     down at a forty-five degree angle and swaying as he walked.

         "Lie down, Janie.  This is for your own good."  She shook her  head
     from side to side  as his features prismed  through her tears, but  she
     obeyed, lying across his legs with her breasts hanging on one side  and
     her legs on the other.

         She felt his hand  caressing her buttocks  and a strange  sensation
     caused her to  flush with  embarrassment.   She hadn't  had a  spanking
     since she was ten, and then it had been through her slacks and panties.
     And now this  man, this stranger,  intended to spank  her bare  bottom!
     Her hands went back to protect herself as she felt a finger slide  down
     the split between her cheeks, tickling the dark rose bud in the  depths
     of the channel.

         "Move your hands, Janie.   Put them at your  side, or I'll have  to
     tie them with rope."

         Faced with  the  option,  she  chose  to  obey,  her  hands  moving
     hesitantly back to  hang down  next to her  breasts.   "Touch your  own
     nipples.  Pinch on them and get yourself excited."  His voice commanded
     her, and she  had to obey.   Slowly  her fingers rose  and encased  the
     protrusions as  she started  to  pull and  twist them,  the  sensations
     radiating straight to her pussy.

         "Owwwww!"  His hand smacked her right cheek with force and she felt
     the burning sensation as it felt like she  was on a hot stove.   Before
     she could react she  felt another slap on  the left cheek, the  fingers
     curling slightly into the crack as the force of the spanking caused her
     flesh to bulge out with the blow.  As the tears flowed afresh, she felt
     his hand again caressing  and smoothing her  tortured flesh, his  touch
     taking the worst of the sting out and causing some small excitement  in
     the pit of her stomach.

         After ten smacks to  each cheek, she felt  something poking at  her
     stomach as she  squirmed on his  lap, no longer  trying to escape,  but
     unable to remain still as the  redness of her cheeks revealed the  pain
     of her punishment.  Her hand slipped off her nipple and eased under her
     body to find his  cock lying under her  tummy, the engorgement  causing
     rigidity.  She lightly let her fingers  caress his shaft as she felt  a
     coolness on her butt.  Looking over her shoulder, she saw him squeezing
     a bottle of lotion on her  skin, the white lines tracing randomly  over
     the redness of her ass.  As  she watched, his hand smoothed the  lotion
     into the tortured flesh,  causing it to gleam  and shine as it  soothed
     the hurt away.

         She heard her own sobs catch  in her throat as the twin  sensations
     of the residual heat  and the cooling smoothness  of the lotion  caused
     her to begin to become more and more excited, her fingers now trying to
     grasp and stroke his  proud manhood that was  so prominent against  her
     soft belly.

         "Stand up!"   She  let  his cock  go as  she  pushed herself  to  a
     kneeling position next  to him,  struggling to her  feet as  commanded.
     "Now, young lady, have you learned your lesson?  Or do I have to  spank
     you some more?"

         As she sniffled, she shook  her head from side  to side.  "No  sir.
     Please don't spank  me any more.   I promise  to be good.   Just  don't
     spank me again."

         As he rose,  he took  the magnifying hand  mirror in  one hand  and
     Janie in the other  as he led her  back to the bed.   As he pulled  the
     spread to the foot of the bed, he said, "Since you seem to think you're
     ugly down there, let's take a look together and see just how lovely you
     are."  He  forced her legs  apart and she  let them remain  wide as  he
     adjusted the mirror  so that  she was  watching the  reflection of  her
     womanhood in the enlargement.

         "Use your  fingers to  spread your  lips wider,  Janie."    As  she
     complied, she watched the pinkness of her inner labia start to  emerge,
     looking for all the world  like a flower budding  in the warmth of  the
     spring sunshine.  She  was all pink and  shiny, moistness coating  even
     the deepest recesses  of her  pussy.   She watched  as if  she were  in
     another world as his  finger entered the picture  to stroke and  caress
     the soft inner lips, the tip gleaming in the juices which coated it  as
     it moved slowly up and down, stroking and exciting her.   She looked as
     his finger  approached the  top  of the  valley,  causing her  lips  to
     distort around the white  bud of hardness poking  just barely from  its
     sheath.

         "Ohhhhh!"  His finger just barely stroked her sensitive flesh as he
     let the tip  of his digit  slide wetly  up into the  sparseness of  her
     blond bush.

         He took the mirror away as his  head dropped to the hard bone  just
     above her cunt, his tongue playing in the blond tendrils.  "No, let  me
     hold it!  Let me hold it and watch as you do it."

         He smiled  at her  as he  handed her  the mirror,  watching as  she
     spread her legs  wider than before.   "Wait," she  said as she  grabbed
     each ankle and forced them  behind her neck.  "I  used to be a  gymnast
     and I had to practice this all the time."

         Now she was  completely open and  vulnerable to him.   As his  lips
     descended on her tanned thigh, his lips open and his tongue dancing  on
     her skin, he  watched her adjust  the mirror so  that every action  was
     reflected in magnification.   His index fingers  slid beside her  outer
     lips spreading her just a little more so that there was almost an  inch
     and a half  gap between the  corrugated pink  lips as he  blew a  sharp
     stream of air directly  into her moistness.   Her moan of pleasure  was
     music to his ears as he moved to take the hard top bud in his lips.

         Spreading his mouth wide,  he encompassed half  of her pussy  patch
     and several inches of her labia as  his tongue flicked out to lash  her
     clit from side to side.   As his lips closed  slowly her body began  to
     strain upward, the mirror forgotten as she concentrated on the  feeling
     and forgetting the vision.   When his teeth  closed gently on her  clit
     she jerked as if hit with  electricity, her hips bucking upward like  a
     bronco as  she forced  her  pelvis into  him,  his teeth  clasping  her
     involuntarily as the surprise caused him  to put more pressure than  he
     had intended.

         "Ohhhh G-----o------d!!!!    Unhhhhhhhh!    Ohhhhhhh...don't  stop!
     Bite me harder!!!!   YES!!!   YES!!!   Just like that!   Ohhhhhhh,  no!
     Keep going!  Keep going...keep going..."  Her voice trailed off as  the
     spasms of the most powerful orgasm she had ever felt wracked her lovely
     young body, her hips pistoning up and  down in her search for more  and
     more pleasure.  She wasn't even conscious of her words, her whole being
     was focused in the tiny  bud of pleasure that  felt like it was  longer
     than her legs, so sensitive was the sensation.

         As she felt his teeth release her clit, she felt the healing caress
     of his tongue as she  became aware for the  first time that her  entire
     crotch was wet, and she  was fearful that she  had pissed in his  face.
     As his tongue flicked  the bud back and  forth, she felt another  spasm
     start deep in her belly, her  muscles clenching and her hips  thrusting
     again and again as waves of pleasure washed back and forth like a  neap
     tide pounding the dunes into submission.

         She had no idea how long she had been under his spell, but she  was
     suddenly aware that her  hands were clasped in  the dark curls  framing
     his face and that she had been pulling him into her crotch with all her
     strength, her  legs wrapped  over his  back.   Now embarrassed  by  her
     reactions, she relaxed her  grip and he pulled  back, his mustache  and
     chin coated with fluids, a  smile beaming up at  her.  She watched  him
     rise and move  to her side  and she  watched his face  come closer  and
     closer to her own until she could taste the sweetness on his lips.  Her
     eyes stared wide open as she tasted herself on him, realizing that  the
     smell and taste were not at all  what she expected.  Her hands  gripped
     his face as  she moved him  from side to  side to allow  her tongue  to
     savor all the juices as she licked him as clean as a cat cleans a bone.

         He took her wrist and forced her hand down to her side, her fingers
     curling around his strength as she felt his heat burning into her  hip.
     She felt him  rise above her  as she  guided his rod  into the  opening
     between her legs.  As she looked between them she suddenly felt  fright
     at the  massiveness of  his manhood,  fearful that  he would  tear  her
     apart.

         "Guide me in, darling," he said as she felt him push closer to  her
     opening.  She rubbed  the covered head back  and forth in the  moisture
     until he  was coated  with  slickness for  several inches.    Suddenly,
     almost with an  audible pop, the  head emerged as  the foreskin  rolled
     back, unable to contain  the enormous shaft.   As her fingers  caressed
     his heart shaped organ, his  hips twitched with the pleasures,  forcing
     the head to slip easily inside her outer defenses.

         She felt her body  ease open to accommodate  him, more and more  of
     his manhood  sliding into  her tightness  as the  muscles of  her  cunt
     squeezed and relaxed  in synchronism with  his gentle thrusts.   As  he
     went deeper and deeper into  her secret place, she  felt as if she  was
     stuffed,  filled  beyond   the  brim   with  cock,   her  body   slowly
     accommodating the invader as he reached depths never before touched.

         "Oh God, YES!  Shove it all in me!  I want to feel you all the way.
     Fuck me, damn it.  Fuck me nowwwwwwwww ahhhhhhhhh!"  Her voice  trailed
     off in a  higher key  as he hunched  his back  and drove  the last  few
     inches into her warmth, the force of his movement causing her cervix to
     shift as she tried to hold him within.  "Wait!  Don't move.  Let me get
     used to it," she  panted, suddenly out of  breath like a long  distance
     runner.

         As she felt  his stomach tense  and release, the  prick inside  her
     vagina twitched in response, and  her own muscles clasped and  released
     as they began their own independent  caresses.  Before she thought  she
     was ready he began to  stroke slowly up and  down, the emptiness as  he
     retreated causing her to want more, the filling as he returned bringing
     her into higher and higher passion.

         Without conscious thought on either  part, suddenly he was  fucking
     her with long, hard, violent strokes, driving his massiveness deep into
     her young body  and causing  her to  twist and  buck as  she met  every
     thrust with one of her own.

         "I'm gonna cum," she heard him say  as she pulled his face down  to
     her own, her lips searching for his, her tongue telling him of her love
     and passion as their bodies became as one, his fluids blasting out into
     her cavern and filling her with his love.  She felt every spurt,  every
     spasm as his cock jumped with the pleasures of his orgasm, and she felt
     her own cunt spasm  in return, the  joy of her  own cumming taking  her
     breath until she lay helplessly panting, her body limp as he  continued
     to shove his softening stick into her lubricated channel.

         Finally he was sated, his body  dropping beside her as his  muscles
     finally gave out, completely limp and helpless with his own  pleasures.
     Her fingers curled in the crisp  hairs of his chest, tracing the  paths
     of sweat that trickled secretly through  the forest of his upper  body,
     leading her to his manhood, now lying  limply along his thigh.  As  her
     fingers encircled the softened  flesh, she felt him  jump and then  lie
     still as she massaged the fluids into his skin.

         Rising on one elbow, she looked at him, gleaming in the light  from
     the dresser, and she  felt very tender and  loving.  Leaning down,  she
     took his head  into her  mouth, laving  the pinkness  with her  tongue,
     tasting the combination of their love offerings.  As her pallet  became
     more and more accustomed  to the taste, she  let her tongue slide  down
     the side of his  cock, drawing more  and more of  the banquet into  her
     mouth and quenching her thirst.  When she pursed her lips and began  to
     vacuum along the side of his shaft,  she felt the jerk and spasm as  he
     began to rise,  stretching out  and finally flopping  against the  firm
     skin of his belly, now nearly revived and ready for more.

         She looked up at him, tenderness in her eyes as she rose above him,
     her legs spreading wide as she  spanned his body, her tender cunt  lips
     sliding back and  forth over  the steely  rod that  protruded from  his
     groin, coating him with the overflow fluids from their first  coupling.
     Without a word, she rose  up and inserted him  into her cunt, now  more
     open and ready to accommodate his size.   As she felt him slide  inside
     her mystery, his  fingers began  to touch  and pinch  her breasts,  her
     nipples now so hard that she felt an ache as he caressed the whiteness,
     his fingers  approaching  but not  touching  the darker  circles  which
     capped the firm  orbs like a  cherry on a  sundae.  When  she felt  his
     fingers finally grasp  her throbbing  nipples, she  felt the  automatic
     response of her  inner muscles banding  around his shaft,  constricting
     his movements only  slightly as  her pelvis  continued to  post up  and
     down.

         Leaning over, she kissed him, her  lips barely brushing his as  she
     let her tongue flick out  at him, giggling as  he tried to capture  the
     fleeting moment with  his mouth.   She felt the  swelling as his  balls
     again began  to  rise,  preparing  to empty  their  offering  into  her
     sweetness.   His hips  rose,  driving himself  deeper into  her  hidden
     garden as she suddenly rose completely off of him, leaving him  fucking
     at empty air.

         Twirling, she grasped him in both hands and brought his head to her
     lips as  she suckled  the lifeblood  from his  body, streams  of  white
     viscous fluids coating  her lips and  teeth as he  came time and  time
     again.  His moans of pleasure filled her ears as she carefully took the
     entire head into  her mouth and  vacuumed the last  of his love  juices
     from deep within his  body, sucking the last  of his offering into  her
     mouth.

         When he was finally quiet, his body still and soft, she rose up and
     leaned over to kiss  him, watching his eyes  fly open with surprise  as
     she let the pent up  cum slide into his  mouth, her tongue coated  with
     the fluids washing back and forth over his own.

         Reaching to  the foot  of the  bed, she  pulled the  spread up  and
     covered both of their sweaty bodies, not even bothering with the  light
     on the dresser.

