Archive-name: Amazon/janine.txt
Archive-author: Michael G.
Archive-title: Fistful of Janine


Dear Mike
    My close victory over the lovely and talented Donna in our second 
encounter had cought the attention of another young female fighter named
Janine. A girl from the club who is presently engaged in fights at mixed
fights.
    She bombarded me with challenges by the way of letters following the 
accounts she read of my performance against Donna who, she claimed, she had
subduded inside a round by a technical knockout before.
    The spark of enthusiasm was undoudtedly present in this interested party,
for her challange was to fight over twenty, 3 minute rounds. The 
contempt with  which she regarded me as a fighter was clearly demonstrated
in the contant of her letter. " I'm not saying I can defeat  you , but
my chances of losing are one one hundred to one !". She went on to say
" If I say I'll beat you, I'll sound swell headed... If I say you have
a chance I'd be a liar!".
    Her self-assurednass, her sweeping statements, had me dunb struck
as I read Janine's optimistic letter. She also stated  that judging from
my past performances, your defeat by KO would take place inside two rounds
so if you intend to go ahead with it you should begain your training, 
hope to hear form you soon, yours sincerly, Jainie
    When i was finish reading her letter I was gritting my teeth in 
rage and started to write back to her that I accept her challange, but
 in one month for training.
    As the referee gave us our instructions my extremely attractive young
female apponent in her cutoff white tee shirt (the sight of her huge tits had 
given me an enormous erection inside my tight white trunks), her black silk 
panties bottoms were skin tight on bottom and her powerful thighs. then
 she began hurling a torrent of abuse, "You're a wimp, and I intend to 
obliterate an inferior male like you in a matter of minutes. I have the 
right that will exterminate any man my size, and your my size!".
    After waiting in our corners for about ten , the bell sounded for 
round one.
    I couldn't wait to get at her. Howeverm with only 20 seconds  gone, 
I was on the floor from aright cross. The referee signalled the sneering
Janinne to a nutral corner as she crouched down beside my sprawled figure
to take up the count, "One..two..three..". I got on my knees at the count of
six but though it wise to stay down to nine. The 50 or so odd spectators at
the club were overcome with wild excitement.
    These members were attending their first mixed boxing match, At last
thay had been awarded the privilage of not only witnessing the novelty of 
such a contest but the sight of a floored male with a female opponent stood 
over him, moved then to hysteria.
    As I rose, the referee looked into my eyes checking that I was all
right to continue, cleaned my gloves and shouted "Box!".
    Still a little dazed form the punch, I shook my head. Janine came 
foward as I got into my fighting stance again, "How did you like that," 
sneered Janine, taunting me as she easily evaded a left and a right with
her arms down. I kept bringing the fight to Janine, taking the punishment 
in order to press the attack. It was the only way I knew. But my female 
apponent, who was obviously a superior boxer was proving a handful. She 
proceeded to score to my body and face with hooks and jabs that kept me 
dazed and continuosly off balance. Just before the end of the round she 
made to go for my body with a stright left as I moved to check her , she 
cought me flush in the face with a right hook. That threw me back on my heels,
recovering, I charge her , swinging furiously, but she avoided my rushes as
the bell sounded. She thumbedher nose at me as she walked back to her corner.
I gritted my teeth in rage, however, such as her performance in the first
three minutes, that she had rendered  it impontent rage.
    I notice a friend who was seated ring side looked pale "god! C'mon!",
he urged me as I stood up for the next round.
    In round two I was thinking that I had to get in some heavy punches
to take Janine over. but it wasn't happening. I did score one hard blow to
her body but she shook it off. Now she brought in to play her great boxing
ablity slamming home a wicked left hook. The punch caught me flush on my
chin and I reeled backwards.
    When the bell went to end the thrid round she revieved a standing
ovation, my face was red with rage and blood.
    In the fourth anf fifth round she began playing with me hitting me 
with any thing she wished, she then cut loose, countering my left with 
lighting speed and scoring to my face with hard lefts and rights.
    From then until the fourteenth round the fight became so one sided
that it was like an exhibition match for Janine completely out-boxed and
out-witted me. By the foutteenth, she was so far ahead by points that the
referee informed me that I was to far behind tp win a decision.
    In the fifteenth , Janine began the biggest show of attack by hitting
me many punch combinations and several times poundeing me along the ropes
and sending me down several times.
    I sat down at the end of the round , my face a real bloodied mess, my
left eye was shut, I was cut above the bridge of my nose at the corner of
my right eye my cheeks were bruisedand my mouth was bleeding, made to appear
worse toghter with the blood oozing fron my nose, I was a sorry sight.
    I looked over at Janine she was perspiring heavily true, and puffing
and blowing a little, her huge tits heaving and expanding but she was in
tip top shape , no wonder she challange was 20 rounds.
    In the sixteenth sound, Janine, realy cut loose. She set up such an 
attack peppering me  with sizziling stinging lefts ang rights that is was 
obvious that she was going for the finsher. My right eye was cut as were 
both my cheeks, although I furiously exchanged punches with her , it was I
 who was forced to retreat in the end. As I retreated to the ropes Jainie
followed up with a smashing uppercut shaping my head back, I fell back to
 the ropes with arms down and watch in slow motion as Janine cocked back 
her right to finish the bout, the punch smashed into my chin turning all the 
room black.
    As I came to Janine was receiving a wonderful elation from the crowd.
She danced around the ring with her arms in the air. " The winner by K.O.
 in the sixteen round, Hard rock Janine !!!!". They applauded her all the way
back to her dressing room.


--
