                            The Awakening of Janis

He'd talked to her an innumerable number of times on the telephone.  As a
matter of fact, they had been casually flirting over AT&T for nearly 6 months.
Neither had seen one another so as they walked into the meeting room where
they were supposed to have their weeklong meeting, both were looking for the
other.  He knew her right away because she was the only woman in the room.
Before the meeting began, he made a point of walking up and introducing
himself.  "Hi, I'm Peter Watkins," he said.  "I believe we've met, over the
phone."  Her handshake was firm but there was no commitment there and her eyes
only glimpsed his as they said their pleasantries.

It was a working meeting and she was in one group while he was in another.
Only occasionally did they have to address one another.  Toward the end of the
meeting, he asked for some assistance from anyone in the room.  As she looked
at him, their eyes met, seriously, for the first time.  He knew, she was his.
Of course, in a meeting such as this, there was no time for exploring the
relationship further.  But tomorrow was another day.

Since she lived in the general area, she left with her car pool and he
wandered back to the hotel following the meeting.  The next morning, he was in
the meeting room getting ready for the meeting when she came in with an arm
full of papers to be distributed.  He jumped up to help her and lifted the
load from her arms.  As he did, his arm brushed against her body.  To anyone
else, it would have looked innocent, but he knew there was electricity passed
on that casual touch.  So did she; they both knew it.  During the day, he had
several other opportunities to be close to her.  His touch was returned,
albeit only slightly, each time.  He knew she was his.  She knew she was
attracted to this man.

That's all there was to this first meeting.  Although they did go to dinner at
her home and met her husband, two children, dogs, cats and assorted other
house guests.  He knew, however, there would be many more meetings and the
foundation had been laid.  She knew too.

The next time was a working meeting in Phoenix, far from both their homes.  As
usual, the first day was casual, with the greetings and small talk that
normally accompanied such meetings.  Oh sure, they got their work done but the
real meeting was to take place later.

They all went to dinner at a local restaurant.  He made sure he sat next to
her and they visited cordially all evening.  His leg casually brushed up
against hers several times and was met with little resistance.  His touches
were returned and the electricity between them began to build to a crescendo.
As they returned back to the motel, in his rented car, he made sure she was
the last person to be driven to her area of the motel.  He pulled into a
parking place and shut off the engine and lights.  His arm reached out and
playfully touched hers.  She looked at him and they kissed.  It was a long,
deep kiss; each other's tongue probing the other's mouth.  His hand sought out
her breast and she pulled away from him abruptly.

"What's the matter," he asked.  "Nothing," she said; "I have to go to my
room."  He walked her to her room and then returned to his.  He was so sure
that he had read her right, yet she had pulled away from him.  "What the hell
is going on," he wondered.  Just then the phone rang.

"Hello," he said.  "I'm sorry," she said.  "That's OK," he muttered.  "What
was the problem?" he asked.  "I'm married - you are too," she said.  "I can't
do this," she protested.  "Besides, I'm in the middle of my period," she
stated matter of factly.  "That's OK," he said, reassuringly, "We don't have
to do anything you don't want to do.  I just thought you wanted to ..."  I
do... did," she stammered.  "This is so difficult - its my first time for any
of this and I don't know what to do.  I want you so bad - but what about my
husband, my children.  What would they think?"  "Hey, you're a big girl," he
said, "You have to make up your mind what is right for you."

"What does your wife think?", she asked.  "If I don't tell her, she doesn't
think anything," he said.  They talked for two hours and finally hung up.  He
knew she was his; but it may take a while.  She was extremely driven by sex
but she had to work through this.  They would have many more times together
and they could wait.

"Do you want to make love to me," he asked.  "Oh yes," she stammered.  He
could tell, just by her voice on the phone, she was blushing.  "Will you do it
next time we meet?", he asked.  "Yyyyyessss," she whispered in the phone.  Do
you want me to lick your clit?" he asked.  There was a pause on the phone, he
heard a quick breath, "Don't say that," she said, "Someone might be
listening."  "You're getting wet down there, aren't you?", he said.  "Oohh
God," she whispered "Shut up."  The AT&T flirting was becoming more direct.

                        
