Archive-name: Fetish/janmarsh.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jane and Mary Go Shopping 


Jane and Mary had got up early that morning to go out and do some clothes 
shopping. Over breakfast they giggled and laughed over the fun they had had 
with Peter.  

"God, Mary, we were soooo disgusting"

"Yeah... but fun eh?"

Paroxisms of laughter.

They were soon ready to leave and caught the tube down to the West End 
(London, England).

They headed for Oxford street and entered a clothes store.

Mary whispered to Jane, "Look, my love, I fancy a bit of nasty naughtiness. 
It has been over 24 hours after all!.  Let's get something to try on and go 
into one of the changing rooms"

It was early and the store was not that busy.  Mary picked out a short 
leather skirt and Jane a low cut, short  black dress. Not that they were 
that interested in the clothes. They made their way to one of the changing 
booths.  Inside they just dropped the clothes and smiled.

"So what now mary ?"

"What do you think?!"

The two women embraced, each rubbing a hand against the other's cunt 
through their respective panties.

"Oh Jane, I can smell your pussy from here you know.  Mmmmm... yummy!"

Mary slipped a finger inside Jane's panties and played teasingly with her 
clit.  Jane was very wet.  Pulling out her hand, mary took a sniff at her 
fingers.

"You stinky bitch Jane... don't you wash ?!"

They were kissing deeply now and Mary paused and said to Jane, "I think I 
have something to leave as a present for these store people and their 
customers!"

"Oh Mary!  What if we get caught?"

"That, my love, is part of the fun!"

There was a low bench in the booth.  Mary climbed onto it, lifted her 
skirt, squatted down on her haunches and pulled the crotch of her red 
cotton panties well to one side.  Jane kneeled down in front of her and 
gave her labia a good licking. 

"Give me a drink mary, I promise not to spill a drop!"

At this request, Mary let loose a very smelly early morning stream of deep 
yellow piss right down Janes wide open mouth.  Jane swallowed and gulped, 
allowing only a little to dribble down her cheeks onto the floor of the 
booth.  Mary's sparsely hair covered cunt was being held wide wide open by  
Jane's fingers.

When mary had pushed out the last drop, Jane heard her straining.

"Nnnnnnn ...". Mary was pushing hard and her abdomen was contracting.  

"Go on my love, yes yes. Go on!", hissed Jane, frigging away at her own 
pussy through her panties and at mary's clit.  She then moved her hand away 
from Mary to get a good view.  Mary was now leaning back somewhat with her 
own hands by her side on the bench, thrusting her crotch outwards toward 
Mary.

Mary's anus swelled.  With each push, the bulge was larger, until the shit 
hole opening began to gape just a little.  On the fourth or fifth push, 
jane could see the palish brown tip of what was to come.  jane gave it a 
gentle push back with her finger.

Then a bigger harder push,  "GRRRR nnnnnnnnnnn ......"  Now the turd was 
well on its way.  Mary's pale skin conrasted so wonderfully with the circle 
of her anus which was now stretched to accomodate waht was clearly a record 
breaking turd.

With more pushing, and jane holding the monster as it emerged, mary could 
now clearly see for herself the enormity of what she was producing

"Jesus Jane!  It's a prize winner.  Nnnnnnnnn ...."

One final long push and the turd accelerated out onto the bench. It did not 
curl, but simple lay full and more or less straight, a good ten inches long 
and an inch or more in diameter for most of its length.

mary climbed off the bench and both women admired Mary's work.  Mary pulled 
up her panties and, bending over, arse to Jane, invited jane to press a 
finger into her rear through those panties.  Jane did this, pushing the 
cotton of the panties well up Mary's arse soiled arse.

"I want these panties to have a good stain to mark this event my love!"

Both girls then hastily left the nbooth, threw the untried garments into 
the hands of a shop assistant, and sped out of the store.

--
