Jason and Randy, both 13 years old, were the best of friends. They lived only
2 houses away from each other in their quiet, Southern California community,
and most of the classes they attended at their local neighborhood junior high
school were the same rooms and periods, allowing them to spend most of their
time at school together. The 2 boys always planned their daily activities
together whenever possible, which included camp-outs, fishing trips with their
fathers, and even football and baseball games occasionally. So close was their
friendship that they even shared their deepest secrets with each other, as if
the other was a personal diary, sworn never to reveal what the other has said.
Randy and Jason were more like brothers, always willing to help each other out
of a jam, if needed, and their close friendship even brought their families
together, allowing the 2 youths to spend dinners at each others' homes freque-
ntly, and occasional sleep-overs on Friday and Saturday nights. One Saturday
afternoon, after Jason had completed his weekend chore of mowing the lawn, he
called Randy on the telephone and invited him over. "No one is here right now
bro! Come on over! I've got something I want to show you." Randy showed up
minutes later at Jason's house, being only 2 houses away. They went up into
Jason's bedroom, and Jason locked the door. Randy knew he had something secret
to show him. "Check this out dude! I found it in my dad's closet." Jason showed
Randy a Playboy magazine. "Woah!" gasped Randy, his eyes widening and a smile
appearing on his young face. "This is awesome!" As he continued to check out
the pictures in the magazine, his young, boyish cock began to go erect in his
blue-jeans, making him shift positions to accomodate the genital growth. Both
Jason and Randy were good-looking boys; Jason, a blonde, and Randy having dark-
brown hair. Both boys were about 5'5", and of semi-thin to medium build, sort-
of thin, but not really "skinny". They were both white caucasians with smooth,
hair-free bodies, except on their heads and groins. As the 2 young adolescents
continued to look through the magazine, Randy looked over at his friend and
asked, "Jason, have you ever 'done it' with a girl before?" Randy didn't ask
the question in a "smart-ass" way, just in a curious way. Jason looked at him
and answered, "No, I haven't. Have you?" The other boy shook his head back and
forth, giving his friend a "no" response. "I wonder what it's like?" Jason took
the magazine from Randy and said, "Well, I'm not really sure but..." Randy
could see Jason was going to tell him something, but the other boy got a little
nervous and it seemed he couldn't quite finish his sentence. "But what?" Randy
prodded, "What were you going to say?" Jason looked as though he was about to
continue, for a second or two, but then just said, "Naw, just forget it. It's
nothing." Randy, however, wouldn't take "no" for an answer, and prodded Jason
to say what he was going to say. "Aw, come on, tell me, please? What were you
going to say?" Jason just shrugged his shoulders and said, "Well, look bro, I'm
not sure you'd want me to continue. You might not like it. It might affect our
friendship." Randy got a puzzled look on his face and just said, "Affect our
friendship? Hey, we've been friends for years dude. I won't let what you say
affect it. Is it something secret?" "Well, yea, you'd have to promise to keep it
strictly between us Randy. Never tell anyone. Promise?" "I promise buddy. And
don't worry about it coming between us. OK?" "Well, OK," Jason sat on the bed
next to Randy, his best friend, and said, "Umm, well, for a few months now, I've
been having these 'feelings' for you Randy, I've been wanting to......have sex
with you." Randy's eyes widened with excitement. His heart began to beat faster,
as well as Jason's. "Really? Umm, well, I guess you should know, I've had those
same feelings about you! I've wanted to 'do things' with you for about a year
now. In fact, to be totally honest, I've had them ever since you joined the
soccer team last year. That soccer uniform gave me the 'hots' for you whenever
I saw you wearing it." Jason breathed a sigh of relief and got even more excited
as Randy told him his story. "Really? My soccer uniform? What was it about my
uniform you liked so much?" "Well, " Randy continued, "it was the whole uniform,
really, but specifically, it was those tight-fitting short-shorts. Wearing them
with your long-sleeve jersey, even your shoes and socks." Jason let out a little
chuckle. "Even my shoes and socks?" Randy shook his head up and down. "Yep.
Don't ask me why, but seeing you with that long-sleeved jersey, those tight-
fitting short-shorts, and those socks, which went almost, but not quite, to your
knees, and your sneakers just made me want you in the worst way. You looked sexy
in that uniform." Jason began to get hard listening to Randy talk that way. He
never realized Randy enjoyed seeing him in that uniform. "Damn Randy! I never
knew you felt that way! Umm, if you want, I still have that uniform, and I'm
sure it still fits, I could just go and change into it if you like." Randy began
to get real excited and his cock was getting real hard at this point. "Really?
You'd do that for me Jason? You really don't mind?" Jason put his hand on
Randy's shoulder, smiled, and said, "Naw, I don't mind. Hey, we're best friends,
right? Besides, I don't expect anyone home for about 4 hours yet. We could have
some fun. Just to be on the safe side, though, while I change, go downstairs and
lock all the doors. At least then we'll hear someone come home." Randy nodded
his head in agreement. But just before he left the room, he turned to Jason and
said, "Umm, Jason, tell you what, when you get done changing into all those
clothes, would you lay on your bed, umm, on your stomach?" "Umm, sure, I guess
I could do that. You want me to be laying on it when you get back?" Randy gave
a big smile and said, "Yea! And keep your feet together too, OK? Don't cross
them or anything. Just lay flat on your stomach, and keep your legs next to each
other, real close. And when I get back, I'll give you a special treat! OK?"
Jason smiled and said, "Sure, bro! No problem!" Randy then went downstairs and
began locking the doors to the house. After all the doors and windows were
closed and locked, he went into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door.
Seeing some orange juice, he grabbed the pitcher and then took out a drinking
cup from the cubbord. He poured himself a drink and returned the pitcher of
juice into the refrigerator. Then he drank the juice slowly, until he'd finished
the cup. This made his saliva thick and gooey. After he rinsed the cup, he
quickly returned upstairs to Jason's room. As he approached the room, his heart
began to pound faster and faster, knowing that his best friend was in there
waiting for him with the soccer uniform on. As he approached the door, which was
closed but ajar, Randy slowly pushed the door open, and entered the room. His
heart almost stopped when he looked over toward Jason's bed. There he was!
Laying on the bed, exactly as Randy had asked him to, with the soccer uniform
on! Jason was wearing the long-sleeved jersey, the tight-fitting short-shorts,
the socks that were almost, but not quite, to Jason's knees, and the tennis
shoes! And, with all that, Jason was laying on his bed, on his stomach, with his
legs and feet together but not crossed. Jason had his head faced toward the
wall, away from Randy, so he couldn't see Randy at all. It looked as if Jason
was asleep, but of course, he wasn't. Jason just laid there perfectly still,
with his eyes closed, waiting for the "treat" Randy had in mind. Randy,
meanwhile, almost shot his load as he approached the bed where Jason was laying,
waiting for him. Randy stood next to the bed, looking down at Jason laying
there. The two 13-year-old boys were now not just the best of friends, but two
people about to experiance something they never experianced before! As Randy
knelt down next to the bed, he looked down at the backs of Jason's fully exposed
thighs, which were slightly tanned. Jason did indeed have nice, shapely legs,
and seeing those thighs made Randy horney as ever. Jason had the bottom of his
long-sleeved jersey tucked into his short-shorts, so only his head, hands, and
legs above his knee-length socks were exposed. Jason's soccer shorts were so
short that the leg openings were just below his buttocks, allowing his entire
legs, from the bottom of his buttocks down to just below his knees, to be fully
exposed in all their creamy-white glory, all the way down to his socks, which
were pulled up his legs to just below the knees. His socks were the white,
atheletic-type, with colored stripes that circled just below the tops. As Jason
laid there on his stomach, with his legs close together and un-crossed, he
waited in exciting anticipation for Randy's "treat". "What could it be? What did
Randy have in mind?" Jason thought, although he knew it would be something
wonderful. Jason didn't have long to wait. Randy knew Jason long enough now to
positivly anticipate what he would find pleasureable. Already on his knees next
to the bed, Randy worked up a thick, heavy, gooey load of saliva in his mouth.
He then bowed his head down so his face and mouth were just inches above the
backs of Jason's fully exposed legs, which were so silky-smooth and hair-free,
and stuck out his wet, saliva-coated tongue and gave a long, slow lick across
the back of Jason's right knee, wetting it thoroughly. As Jason laid there on
his bed feeling Randy's wet tongue lick the back of his knee, he got a tingly
sensation that coursed through his body. "Oooh!" Jason thought, as Randy now
moved his wet tongue over to the back of Jason's left knee, wetting it with a
long, slow, gooey wet lick, causing another tingly sensation to course through
Jason's body. Jason began to close his eyes even tighter as Randy continued to
alternately lick the backs of Jason's knees, wetting them more and more with
each lick. Randy, too, was enjoying the tongue-licks he was giving Jason,
purposely trying to make the backs of Jason's knees as wet as possible, knowing
Jason was thoroughly enjoying the sensations. Jason did indeed enjoy the feel of
Randy's warm, wet tongue lovingly stroke the backs of his bare knees, just above
his socks. His leg muscles began to tighten a bit in response to the feeling.
Randy continued to alternately lick back and forth, then, closed his mouth over
the back of Jason's left knee and started to suck on it, repeating it on the
back of the boy's right knee. Jason felt like he was in seventh heaven,
thoroughly enjoying the feel of Randy's wet, hard-sucking mouth on the backs of
his knees. Now, Randy stopped sucking for a moment to work up another thick,
gooey batch of saliva in his mouth. While he was doing that, he looked down at
the backs of Jason's knees, which were drenching wet with Randy's saliva. Jason
could feel a cool breeze on the backs of his wet knees. As soon as Randy's
saliva was again thick and gooey, he bowed his head down to Jason's legs again.
Only this time, instead of just licking the backs of the knees, Randy stuck out
his saliva-drenched tongue and gave a long, slow lick across the back of Jason's
left thigh, wetting it thoroughly. Randy then did the same thing to the back of
his right thigh. He then began to lovingly lick the entire backs of Jason's
thighs, from the bottoms of his short-shorts, down to the tops of his socks,
which went up to just below the knees. Jason began to get severe goose-bumps all
over his body in response to his friend's suculant tongue-licks. Randy just
continued to lick away at the backs of Jason's fully exposed thighs, leaving
globs of gooey, wet saliva on them. "Oh man! Does that ever feel awesome!"
Jason moaned, as Randy's tongue tickled Jason's thighs and knees. Jason's eyes
were shut tightly and his cock was rock-hard in response to Randy's treat. Randy
continued to lick away at Jason's thighs for about 1/2 hour or so. Finally,
Randy stopped. He looked down at the backs of Jason's legs, which were so wet.
Randy then began to rub the thick saliva into Jason's thighs with his hands,
until they were all absorbed dry. When he had finished, Jason turned over and
had a glazed look in his eyes. "Thanks buddy," said Jason. "That felt awesome!
Totally awesome!" Randy then began to rub the fronts of Jason's thighs and knees
with his hands. "You've sure got nice legs Jason," he said. Jason gently took
Randy by the hand. "Hey, come on Randy," he smiled, "You're pretty nice-looking
yourself." "You really think so Jason?" "Sure!" said Jason, "I think you're
pretty awesome-looking!" Randy was very moved by the other boy's compliment. He
slowly brought his lips to Jason's, and the two 13-year-olds kissed passionat-
ely, sticking their tongues in each other's mouths. When they finally broke
their kiss, Jason felt compelled to show Randy how much he loved him. He got an
idea. "Randy," he smiled, "How about letting me show YOU a good time?" Randy's
eyes widened with excitement. "OK!" he said. With that, Jason began to tell
Randy what to do. "OK, Randy," said Jason, "now it's YOUR turn to lie on the
bed. Go ahead and lie down on your stomach, like I did." Randy did as Jason told
him, lying on the bed, on his stomach. "Here, put this pillow under your hips
Randy, so your ass is sticking up." Randy did as Jason told him, lying down on
his stomach with the pillow under his hips, making his ass stick upward. "Now,"
Jason continued, "pull down your jeans and underwear." Randy did as Jason
instructed, reaching under to unbutton his jeans, then he pulled them and his
underwear down, down to his thighs. Jason lifted Randy's T-shirt up a bit.
Randy's beautiful, creamy-white, hair-free asscheeks were now fully exposed to
Jason's lustful eyes. And to add to the sexy sight, Randy's asscheeks were
sticking upward from the pillow under his hips. Jason could no longer hold back.
He got on his knees next to the bed and began to work up a thick, gooey blob of
saliva. He then lowered his face right over Randy's asscheeks. Jason could smell
a sexy, suculant scent that rose from Randy's ass. Jason stuck out his tongue
and gave a slopply-wet lick right across Randy's asscheeks, and continued to
alternately lick Randy's buttocks, back and forth, from one cheek to the other,
licking hard, making Randy's asscheeks change shape and wiggle with each
drenchingly wet lick. Randy's ass bucked upward from the pleasurable feeling.
His whole body tingled and goose-bumps appeared all over. "Aaaahhhhh! Oooooh!
Ohhhhhhh!" Randy began moaning. The feel of Jason's wet tongue licking his bare
behind brought an awesome sensation far beyond imagination! It felt terrific!
Jason continued to lick all around Randy's exposed buttocks, wetting them fully.
He enjoyed the awesome taste of Randy's buns as he licked away at them. Randy
could hardly believe what was happening to him. His dick kept getting harder and
harder as he felt Jason's moist tongue swab saliva all over his exposed behind.
He started to press his hips downward, pushing his hard-on into the pillow,
making his asscheeks close tightly and get more firm. When Jason saw this, he
knew he was turning Randy on even more, and, knowing that, began to lick even
more vigorously at Randy's tightened buttocks. After a few more minutes of that,
Jason began sucking on Randy's asscheeks. "Ohhh yea!!!!!" cried Randy. He never
felt anything so awesome in his life! It felt incredible! He began to push his
hips down even further, pushing his cock into the pillow even more. But this
only made Jason suck even harder. Slurping noises filled the room from all the
heavy wetness Jason was applying to Randy's smooth, creamy-white behind.
Finally, Jason began to slow down his lickings, and, finally, he stopped licking
Randy's ass and lifted his head up. He had wetness all around his mouth. He
looked down at Randy's asscheeks, which were completely covered in wetness.
Randy then turned around and displayed his hard pecker. He moved his mouth to
Jason's and the two 13-year-old boys began to French-kiss; Randy slowly pulling
Jason closer to him. Jason fell on top of Randy, and the two embraced each other
passionately, sticking their tongues into each others' mouths. As they continued
to kiss, Randy rolled Jason over so that he was laying on top of Jason. They
broke their kiss and then Randy reached under him and pulled Jason's legs closer
together. Randy then put his rock-hard cock between Jason's smooth, hair-free
thighs, and then began to "fuck" Jason between the thighs! Jason enjoyed the
awesome feeling of Randy's hard-on sliding between his bare thighs. He clamped
his legs tightly closed, to extract all the pleasure and turn Randy on even
more! And Randy did indeed enjoy the feeling. His buttocks moved up and down,
faster and faster, while the two 13-year-olds looked at each other. Jason
reached behind Randy and began to vigorisly squeeze and rub Randy's bare
buttocks. They were still wet from Jason's licking. Randy enjoyed the feel of
Jason's hands on him there. Jason then began to part Randy's asscheeks apart. He
inserted his middle finger into Randy's inviting asshole. Jason then began to
"butt-fuck" Randy's asshole, sticking his finger all the way in, then out, and
back in again. "Oh! You're finger-fucking my asshole," Randy smiled, showing his
pearly-white teeth. The feel of Jason's finger going in and out of his shitter,
combined with his leg-fucking, made Randy hot as fire. He could no longer hold
back. He bagan to pump his cock between Jason's thighs even faster. "I'm going
to shoot!" Randy gasped. With that, Jason pulled his finger out of Randy's
quivering asshole. Randy then sat up and furiously beat his pulsating hard-on,
and, in a few seconds, ejaculated, shooting huge wads of creamy cum all over
Jason's exposed thighs. Jason felt the warm come squirting all over his thighs
and knees, and commented on it. "Ooooh! That feels awesome!" And as he jerked,
Randy looked down at the cum that was landing on Jason's smooth, hair-free legs,
deliberatly trying to aim his young boy-essance all over the exposed areas
between the shorts and socks. Jason did all he could by keeping his legs as
close together as possible. When Randy had finally shot all he could out of his
shrinking cock, he laid to one side, and began rubbing the cum into his best
friend's legs, like it was hand-lotion. As he rubbed, the cum was so thick and
heavy that it started to look like someone had poured gobs of hand lotion on
Jason's thighs. "How's that feel?" asked Randy. "Feels terrific!" Jason smiled
back, his hand on Randy's shoulder. After the come was rubbed dry, Randy figured
the time for cheap fore-play was over. He sat back up and straddled Jason's legs
once more. "If you think that felt good, here's something you should like even
more!" said Randy. With that, he began un-tying and removing Jason's tennis
shoes. Randy then grabbed the tops of Jason's short-shorts and pulled them down.
He was going to pull them all the way off, but after seeing Jason's beautiful,
raging hard-on he left them bunched around Jason's knees. Jason lifted up his
soccer jersey so his smooth, hairless chest and stomach were exposed to Randy's
lustful eyes. Jason just laid there on his back, completely exposed between his
nipples and his knees, his 5 1/2" hard-on quivering. Randy could not hold back.
He bent down and started licking Jason's hairless balls, taking first one ball,
then the other in his warm, wet mouth, sucking hard. He lavished them with heavy
wetness, his tongue lapping like crazy, occasionally licking Jason's inner
thighs. Jason could hardly stand it. He bucked his hips upward, wanting more of
Randy's tongue-action, his cock getting harder by the second! Jason's cock was
indeed beutiful, with a nice, rosy head that was cut, and a medium-thick shaft.
He had some pubic hairs by now, dark-blondish. Randy licked at his friend's
balls for about 5 minutes, then started licking Jason's stalward shaft, starting
at the base and working his way upward, toward the head, licking with rapid-fire
licks. Jason began to breathe heavily, bucking his hips upward even more.
"Mmmmmmmm!" he moaned, enjoying Randy's licking action. When Randy finally got
to the head of Jason's cock, he grasped the rock-hard shaft and began inserting
it between his lips, taking it deep into his hot, wet mouth, sucking slowly,
then hard and fast. "Aaaaaaaahhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhh! Mmmmmmmmmmm! Yea! Suck me!
Suck me Randy! Suck on my hard cock! Oooooooohhhh! Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh!" Jason
moaned, bucking his hips up and down. "Man! does that ever feel awesome! Ohhh!
Suck me off! SUCK ME OFF! Mmmmmmmmm! Ohhh yea! Get it all wet! Oooooh! Aaaaaah!"
Jason could hardly stand it. He just laid there, his eyes shut tightly, as
Randy's head bobbed up and down, sucking Jason's 13-year-old boy-cock, taking it
deep into his mouth, then relinquishing it momentarily, then back down. Jason
could no longer hold back. He let out a cry of joy and bucked his hips upward
hard, as he climaxed, immediately followed by a heavy ejaculation. Burst after
burst of his young boy-cream shot hard into Randy's mouth. Randy swallowed again
and again, taking all of Jason's nectar, the saucy fluid running like lava down
his throat. When Jason had finally finished shooting his load, Randy released
his cock and gingerly licked his lips. Jason, still breathing hard and covered
in sweat, opened his eyes and looked up at his best-friend-now-turned-boyfriend.
"That felt so good!" he smiled. "Now it's my turn!" Jason then got up and pulled
up his soccer shorts. "Now YOU lay down Randy," he said. Randy started to get
real excited, and his young, boyish cock started to get very hard in his tight
jeans. He layed back, as Jason started to undo his friend's pants. Randy just
laid back with his eyes closed as he felt his blue-jeans being unbuttoned and
then the zipper being pulled down, releasing the pressure on his rock-hard dick.
"OK, lift up buddy!" said Jason. Randy lifted up his hips off the bed so Jason
could pull down his jeans. With one pull, Jason yanked both Randy's jeans and
underwear briefs down to his knees. Jason then lifted up his buddy's T-shirt up
to the nipples. Like Jason previously, Randy was now fully exposed between his
chest nipples and his knees, with his 6" boy-rod at full hardness. Jason then
got on the bed next to Randy and, bending down, started licking the other
handsome, young boy's chest, sucking the nipples. "Mmmmmmmmm!" moaned Randy, as
he felt his friend's tongue lick all around his chest, back and forth,
alternatly sucking each nipple. Like Jason, Randy also had a nice, smooth,
generally hair-free body, except at the groin. He was enjoying the licks Jason
was giving him. Jason then started to move his mouth even lower, licking Randy's
stomach, and sticking his tongue in and out of Randy's naval, licking until
Randy's chest and stomach were getting pretty wet. Jason then moved right down
and started licking and sucking Randy's knees, sucking hard on one, then the
other, while Randy just laid there with his eyes closed, releasing his senses to
Jason's talented tongue-licks. Jason started to move slowly upward, licking
Randy's smooth, hairless thighs, first one, then the other, until they were
drenching wet. "Ooooh! Mmmmmm!" Randy began moaning, his body shuddering a bit.
Jason continued upward until he was at the base of Randy's balls. He licked at
the inner thighs of his bed-buddy, circling his tongue between the two legs and
the balls, giving Randy a thrill. Finally, Jason gave a long, slow, slopping-wet
lick across Randy's ball-sac. "Oooooooo! Ohhhhhh! Ssssssss!" moaned Randy,
bucking his hips upward, wanting more. Jason took the entire sac with the balls
into his warm, wet mouth, sucking one ball, then the other, driving Randy up the
wall with pleasure. "Aaaaaahhhhhh! Ohhhhh! Mmmmmmmm! That feels so good! Keep
licking my balls Jason! Get them all wet! Ohhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Yea!" Randy
started bucking his hips upward even more, his young body going into mild
convulsions, his cock getting harder by the minute! Sensing this, Jason ran his
wet tongue up the entire length of Randy's dick. He grasped the young boy-meat
and pressed his lips closed around Randy's cock-head, deep-throating it until
the entire length was in his hot mouth. "Ohhh gawd that feels so fucking good!
Ahhhhhhh! Oooooooooh! Suck my cock Jason! Suck me off! Ohhhhhh!" Randy could
barely stand it. Just like his friend Jason, he'd never had his cock sucked
before today, and the awesome feeling was beyond anything he'd ever imagined.
He opened his eyes briefly and looked up at Jason's bobbing, twisting blonde
head, watching his hard-on disappear in his best friend's mouth, then reappear
briefly, his cock covered with Jason's saliva. He laid back down and closed his
eyes again, feeling his cock get sucked like a popsicle. Randy could no longer
hold back. He began pumping his hips up and down, slowly, then faster and
faster. Slurping noises and moaning filled the room. "Oh gawd! Here it comes
Jason! Take it all down! Ohhhhhhh!" Randy finally reach a massive climax, far
better than anytime previously when he jacked-off. Gobs of his creamy cum
spurted into Jason's sucking mouth. Jason swallowed again and again, taking all
of Randy's boy-juice down his throat. When Randy had finished shooting his cum-
load, Jason released his buddy's cock, letting it slap against the boy's
stomach. Some of Randy's cum squirted out onto his stomach. They both just
looked at each other, breathing hard and sweat running down their young,
adolescent faces. Jason bent down and started French-kissing Randy, the two
teenage boys exchanging saliva. When they broke their kiss, Jason wiped his
young face with his shirt and then said, "Whew! We really had a good time, huh?"
Randy nodded his head up and down. "Yup. Sure did. I really enjoyed that. I hope
we can have another oppertunity like that again!" Jason gave Randy a warm smile,
placed his hand on Randy's cheek. "I know we will! This is just the beginning
bro!" Then Jason got off the bed and began to undress out of his soccer uniform
and put on his regular clothes. Randy got dressed as well. "I'd better be going
home bud, my mom should have dinner ready pretty soon, " said Randy, as he
headed for the door. "OK! See you tomorrow?" asked Jason. Randy nodded his head
and left for home.

 The next day, the two boys went with some other friends to the neighborhood
elementary school field to play a game of softball. While they played, nearby
three grown men in their 30's who were roomates in a small house near the field
talked about a party they had planned for next Saturday night. The 3 men were
all hard-core homosexuals, and they were into "kinky" things as well, and all of
them had mentioned how they'd love to fuck and suck young boys in their early
teens. Their names were Dennis, Fred, and Eddie. Dennis and Fred were the
"masculine" ones, and Eddie was a true "queenie" who would act all swishy and
talked with a major lisp. Eddie was also a transvestite, having an entire
wordrobe of women's clothing. He also did all the cooking, cleaning, and
shopping for the 3 of them. While Fred and Dennis watched TV, Eddie was cleaning
the kitchen when he glanced out the window at the school field. Having only a
chain-link fence between their back yard and the school field, they frequently
would stare out at kids playing in the field, fantasizing sexual thoughts about
the ones they thought were attractive. Eddie stopped cleaning and grabbed a
towel to wipe his hands. While doing that, he went to the sliding glass door and
leaned against the opening, looking out at Randy, Jason, and the 4 other young
boys playing softball. Sometimes the boys they would watch would wear shorts or,
on warm days, be shirtless. But because it was overcast and somewhat cool that
day, all of them Eddie was watching wore long pants and had shirts on. Still, he
was attracted to them, especially Jason, the blonde. He decided to share his
discovery of yet another set of boys to his roomates. "Hey fellas!" he called to
them, "Come look at these gorgious boys!" The 2 other guys got up and promptly
went to see what Eddie had discovered. "What do you see, Eddie?" asked Fred,
getting a bit excited. When they arrived at the sliding-glass door, they saw 6
nice-looking boys playing softball on the field. "Oooh! They ARE nice, aren't
they?" Fred said in a low moan. "But shit! We've all seen nicer Eddie! Call us
when one of them takes off his shirt, or another shows up wearing shorts." With
that, Fred and Dennis returned to the living room and Dennis pulled out a bag of
marijuana and began rolling a joint. Eddie continued to look at the young boys
a little longer but soon figured his roomates were right, that more "provoc-
ative" looking boys have been seen on the field before. He finished cleaning the
kitchen and joined his buddies in the living room. By then, Dennis had finished
rolling the joint and lit it up, taking a deep hit, then passing it to Eddie,
who in turn did the same and passed it to Fred. Meanwhile, out on the school
field, the boys took turns pitching and hitting the ball, trying to playfully
out-do one-another. One of the boys, Jeff, began getting real good at hitting
the ball, hitting farther all the time. So, Randy, pitching, decided to
challenge it with a super-fast pitch he'd learned during his time with Little-
Leauge. He pitched Jeff his best yet. But, fortunately for Jeff, it proved
positive for him. He swung the bat and CRACK! The ball went flying! The 3 men in
the house were almost finished smoking their marijuana cigarette when all of a
sudden, CRASH! The sound of a window breaking! The 6 boys became petrified!
"Oh shit!" gasped Jeff, who was the one who hit the ball toward the house. "I'm
getting the fuck out of here!" said another boy. And all but Randy and Jason
started running away. "Hey! Wait! Come back! You mother-fuckers!" Randy screamed
at them, for the softball was his and it had his full name, address, and
telephone number on it, to be used in case he lost it or prove it was his if it
ever got stolen. He knew there was no escaping the damage that had been done.
Jason, being his best friend, couldn't abandon Randy at a critical time, so he
stayed with his buddy, while the other boys ran like hell. At the house, the 3
men ran to the kitchen to find a broken sliding glass door window and a softball
on the kitchen floor. Dennis picked up the ball and, along with his roomate
Fred, went to the backyard fence and called out to the boys. "Hey! Is this your
fucking ball?" yelled Dennis, looking angrily at the 2 boys, who remained while
the other boys ran. Randy looked at Jason with a worried look and said, "I guess
we'd better go face the music." Both boys started to walk reluctantly toward the
house. Eddie was in the kitchen trying to sweep up the shards of broken glass.
When the boys approched the fence, Fred started in. "You two have any idea how
much it's going to cost to replace this goddamn thing? Not to mention, it's
supposed to rain tonight!" The 2 boys looked at each other and Jason started
pleading for his friend. "We're real sorry sir! It was an accident. We didn't
do it intentionally!" "Yea, well, that doesn't fix it now, does it?" Dennis said
stearnly. Both boys were pretty shaken' up by now, wondering what's going to
happen next. "I suggest you 2 get in here while we figure out what to do next,"
said Dennis. Neither boy would otherwise enter a stranger's house, but they
figured under the present circumstances they'd dare not refuse. They climbed
over the fence and went inside with the men into the house, past the broken
glass Eddie was finishing sweeping up. Once he finished, Eddie joined the others
in the living room. As everyone took a seat, Fred started in. "Well guys," he
said to the 2 boys, "What do you suggest we do about this? Somebody has to pay
for that broken window." Randy and Jason sat speechless, not knowing what to
say. "Are you thuggesting WE pay for it?" asked Eddie, in his heavy lisp.
"That's not very fair to us, is it?" Randy started to get pretty scared at this
point. He knew that once his parents found out, he'd be grounded for a month and
have to make up the cost in extra chores around the house, plus denied TV and
phone priviliges. In addition, because their families were so close, he knew
Jason wouldn't escape some punishment either. He started pleading with the men.
"Please! Don't tell my folks! I'll try and pay for it somehow!" Jason started
to feel bad for Randy's position and tried to speak for him. "Believe me, we're
real sorry about the window. And it WAS an accident! We're not even the ones who
broke it. The kid that did it ran off when we heard the crash." As the men
listened, Fred began to get a little excited, realizing these 2 boys were pretty
attractive, and now in a vunerable position. A wild idea overcame him, one that
made him a little nervous and excited at the same time. "OK!" he said, "We seem
to have a small delima here. Tell you boys what, you just wait here while the 3
of us go discuss the situation. We'll be back in about 5 minutes to let you know
what we've decided. Sound fair?" The 2 boys looked at each other and, realizing
they had little choice, nodded a "yes". When the 3 men went into the back
bedroom, they began discussing their options, when Fred made an interesting
suggestion. "You know, those kids are really cute. We could use that to an
interesting advantage." "Oh?" asked a curious Dennis. "How so? What do you
suggest?" Meanwhile, the 2 boys sat nervously out in the living room. "What do
you think they'll decide, Jason?" asked Randy. "I don't know buddy," Jason
responded, "But whatever it is, we're in it together." Just then, the men came
out of the room. "Well boys, we've come to a decision," said Fred. "We've
decided that because you didn't run off and it technically wasn't your fault,
there's no reason to tell your folks, on one condition." The 2 adolescents
showed signs of relief, and prepaired for the condition. "This is the
condition, boys. You have to take a punishment - from us!" The 2 boys were
drawn back, getting a little edgy. "What are you going to make us do?" asked a
nervous Jason. Just then Eddie pulled out a ping-pong paddle. "You have to let
us spank you!" said Fred, getting a bit nervous thinking they could accually
pull this off. The two boys looked at each other and started to get pretty
nervous, but soon realized it was better than having their parents find out.
"How many whacks each?" asked Randy, acually getting a little excited, thinking
about getting his ass spanked. Jason, although nervous, was also a little
excited. "Oh, we figured about 25 or 30 whacks each," said Dennis. "Let's go
into the back bedroom." Dennis lead the way, followed by the 2 boys, and then
Eddie and Fred. "So!" asked Dennis, "Who's first?" Randy felt since the ball was
his that he should be the first. "What should I do now?" Randy asked in a
nervous voice. Dennis started telling him what he wanted him to do. "Ok, get on
the bed and lay on your stomach," he commanded. Randy slowly did so, laying on
his stomach. "Now take this pillow and stick it under your hips," Dennis
continued. Randy did so, placing the pillow under his hips so his ass was
sticking upward. Jason and the 2 other guys just watched as Dennis continued
with the requirements. "Now, let's get those pants down." At that point, Jason
began to realize these guys were all fags, getting their kicks from this. This
made Jason pretty excited, and, in a way, couldn't wait for his turn. Randy had
hoped it wouldn't be his bare ass, but to no avail. He just accepted the fact
that his bare behind was going to be spanked by the paddle. He reached under and
loosened his jeans, and, lifing up a bit, pulled his jeans and underwear briefs
in one pull, exposing his tender ass to their optional pleasures. He pulled them
down to about halfway down his thighs, and lifted up his T-shirt a bit. He then
relaxed back down and covered his face in the pillow, his body tense, his bare
ass sticking up, waiting for the hot sting of the paddle. The 13-year-old kept
his legs tightly closed, hoping it wouldn't hurt too much. The 3 men, meanwhile,
began to get very excited, looking down at Randy's smooth, hairless, creamy-
white buttocks, their beautiful oval shapes giving the men rip-roaring hard-ons.
Jason was getting a little excited himself, and began to rub himself a bit.
Dennis then got into position and lifted the paddle up and then brought it down
with a soft "swishing" sound as it moved through the air. When he heard it,
Randy tightned his buttocks and, a split-second later, WHACK! The paddle came
down hard across his tender behind. Dennis continued to spank the boy with the
paddle. Whack! Whack! Whack! Randy's asscheeks were becoming red from the
paddling. And as Dennis spanked him, the boy's buttocks would quiver like Jell-O
as the paddle made hard contact, then released for another blow. The pain was
getting intense. But ironically, as Randy continued to just lay there motionless
with his face buried in the pillow, he started to get a little excited. As he
continued to feel the paddle slap against his asscheeks, as Dennis went to town
on his bare ass, Randy felt pleasurable sensations surge through his testicals,
and his cock began to get hard. He was acually enjoying the spanking! And he
wasn't the only one! Fred, Eddie, and even Jason began to get pretty excited
from watching it. Dennis was getting aroused himself, but had to control himself
because he didn't realize he was getting Randy excited! He finally stopped
spanking the boy. "Ok, you're through!" Dennis said to Randy. But as the boy
stood up, his full-erection couldn't hide his feelings. And, because he got so
excited from having his ass whacked, Randy made no attempt to hide it! He
figured too, by now, these guys were queers getting their jollies from all this.
Fred realized the boys had to have figured them out by now. He took the
initiative. As Randy got off the bed, but before he pulled up his pants, Fred
reached down and grabbed the boy's cock! And young Randy didn't mind at all! He
made no attempt to stop Fred. The man then got on his knees and put Randy's
throbbing boy-cock into his mouth! "Oooooh! Aaaaah!" the boy began moaning.
Even while they did that, Dennis turned to Jason and said, "OK! You're next! Do
the same thing your friend did," Dennis told the boy. Jason proceeded to repeat
what Randy did just a moment ago. He got on the bed and laid down on his
stomach, putting one of the pillows under his crotch. Then, reaching under to
loosen his jeans, he yanked his jeans and briefs downward, down to his knees.
He also lifted his T-shirt up, and then just relaxed on the bed, the pillow
raising his ass upward. Just then, Fred stopped sucking on Randy's suculant
hard-on and they both faced the bed, getting ready to watch Dennis swat Jason's
exposed buttocks. Jason too, just laid face down with his face buried in the
pillow by his head, and keeping his legs tightly closed. The 3 men got pretty
excited looking at Jason's nice-looking buns, and, because Jason had his jeans
pulled down to below his knees, they 3 roomates even got a nice look at the
backs of the blonde boy's smooth, hairless thighs, which, like his buttocks,
were creamy white. Dennis, holding the ping-pong paddle, now assumed the
postion. Jason closed his asscheeks tightly, awaiting the first swat. Whack!
The paddle came down with a resounding smack, stinging the boy's buttocks
something awful! Whack! Whack! Whack! The paddle continued to rain down on the
young boy's naked behind. Whack! Jason's buttocks, like Randy's, also began to
jiggle like Jell-O as the paddle struck, then released. His asscheeks became red
and began to hurt, yet at the same time he too, began to feel the pleasures the
paddling was producing. Despite the pain, he wanted Dennis to spank his bare
asscheeks. It felt awesome! So awesome, in fact, that Jason began to arch his
ass upward a bit, signaling to Dennis that he wanted him to spank faster and
harder! "So! You WANT me to spank you, huh?" said Dennis. "Yes!" cried Jason,
"Spank me harder! Spank me HARDER!" Dennis began to do just that, whacking the
boy's naked behind even harder and faster. Jason got so turned on that he began
to slowly rock his hips up and down. Dennis spanked so fast the paddle struck
the boy's buttocks about twice per second, making them a nice, rosy red color.
Slapping sounds filled the room. Dennis wanted to get this boy real turned on
by now. He stopped spanking Jason's asscheeks and instead, began whacking the
backs of Jason's smooth, creamy thighs. Jason responded by closing his legs real
tight, so that the paddle could slap both thighs simultaneously. Dennis knew
this is what the young boy wanted by the way he pulled his pants down so far,
below his knees, exposing the backs of his tender thighs. Meanwhile, Eddie,
Fred, and Randy began to get so turned on by the scene. Fred knelt down in front
of Randy's crotch and resumed sucking the boy's rip-roaring hard-on, his hands
massaging the boy's asscheeks. Randy was enjoying the sensations Fred was giving
him. By now Eddie also wanted in. He knelt behind Randy and began licking the
backs of the boy's legs, alternately licking the calves, then moving upward,
sucking the backs of his knees a bit, before proceeding more upward, licking the
backs of Randy's thighs. Randy just stood there with slight glaze in his
youthful eyes, feeling his cock get sucked, the backs of his legs licked, and
watching Jason get his thighs spanked. By now, Dennis stopped spanking Jason,
dropped the paddle and crawled onto the bed. Straddling the boy, he then bent
down and just buried his face into Jason's ass, licking all around his asshole.
He then stiffend his tongue and began "tongue-fucking" the boy. After a few
minutes of that, he motioned Jason to "get on all fours". Once the 13-year-old
was on his hands and knees, Dennis inserted his middle finger into the blonde
boy's asshole and began "finger-fucking" him. Jason was getting so turned on by
all of this. His boy-cock was at full-erection. Dennis removed his finger from
Jason's tight asshole, and, undoing his trousers, Dennis whipped out his own
huge boner and slowly began to insert it in Jason's ass! "Ahhhhhhhh! Ooooooohhh!
Ssssssssssss!" Jason began moaning, his teeth clencthed tightly shut. Dennis
then realized the boy was no-doubt a virgin, at least in the asshole part. He
pulled his cock back out and reached for the petrolium jelly in the nightstand.
Dabbing some out, Dennis then rubbed his cock until it was good and lubed. He
then rubbed some all over Jason's asshole. Sticking his cock toward the boy's
cherry asshole once more, Dennis slowly began to insert it into the kid's ass.
"Ohhhhhh! Mmmmmmmmm! Sssssssssssss!" the boy moaned, closing his teeth and eyes
tight. But the cock was going in easier than before, although still a tight fit.
Jason's asshole was opening more and more, taking in more of Dennis' rod. Soon
it was all the way in, the man's hairy balls touching the boy's asscheeks.
Dennis let it sit there a little bit, so Jason could get used to it. The boy's
asshole now quite dialated, he was getting used to the massive rod sticking up
his butthole. Randy, still getting his dick sucked, couldn't hold back any
longer, and, with a slight wimper, shot his creamy boy-juice into Fred's warm,
wet mouth. Fred just swallowed the sweet nectar and pulled off of Randy's
squirting cock, letting it dangle free. Fred then stood up and, putting his
hands on Randy's shoulders, motioned the young, dark-haired boy to kneel down.
Randy did so, and bent over, so he too, was on all fours. Eddie then took the
petrolium jelly that Dennis used and, grabbing a huge glob from the jar, began
smearing it all over Randy's exposed asscheeks. The boy enjoyed the feel of the
greasy stuff being rubbed all over his bare behind. It felt so good after being
spanked there. Then Eddie grabbed another huge glob and continued to smear even
more of the greasy stuff over the boy's tender buttocks. "Oooooh! That feels
good!" smiled Randy, as he felt his bare asscheeks get all greased up. Then
Eddie began to smear some into the boy's asscrack, lubing his asshole. Then
Eddie whipped out his cock and began inserting it into Randy's quivering
asshole, and, with one quick thrust, just shoved it in deep, all the way in.
"Ssssssssssssss! Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Oooooooooooh!" Randy moaned, his virgin asshole
being streached to the limit! He could feel Eddie's cockhead touch his prostate
gland, making him fully erect again! With his greasy hands on the boy's hips,
Eddie then began to furiously fuck young Randy, his rock-hard cock going all the
way in, then pulling almost all the way out, then back in again. Dennis began
doing the same thing to Jason's tight ass, thrusting his cock in and out in a
wild frenzy; the two men giving new pleasures to the 2 young 13-year-olds.
"Ohhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhh! Sssssssssssss! Mmmmmmmmmmmm! Ohhhhhhhh! Yea!" the 2 boys
moaned, fully enjoying their asses getting fucked hard! "Fuck me! Fuck me! Jab
it up there! FUCK ME! Ahhhhh! Ohhhhhh!" Jason cried out. Randy too, was enjoying
the ass-plugging he was receiving. "Yea! Fuck me! Fuck me! Ohhh! Fuck my ass!
Fuck my ass!" he cried out. The 2 boys made eye contact and exchanged happy
smiles, knowing the pleasure each other was recieving. And this was all supposed
to be punishment for breaking a window! Finally, Dennis could not hold back any
longer, and began to grunt. Jason could feel the gobs of hot semen flood his
anal canal, filling his ass up. Dennis shot all he could, and finally pulled out
of the blonde boy's asshole, making a loud slurping noise as it pulled out.
Dennis then fell back, while Jason fell on his stomach. Fred then crawled over
to the bed and helped Jason turn over so the boy was now on his back, his jeans
and underwear briefs still bunched around his knees, his T-shirt wet from the
sweat. Fred motioned Jason to lay flat on his back, his legs together, and his
hands and arms to each side. Then the man grasped the sweet, young boy-meat,
which was fully erect and pulsating, and began to lick Jason's young, hairless
balls, lapping them like a child licking a lollipop. The boy thrust his hips
upward, enjoying the feel of Fred's wet tongue licking away at his ballsac, the
wetness, along with the warm cum swirling around in his ass, making Jason horney
as hell. "Ooooh! Suck me!" he moaned. "Let me cum in your mouth!" Fred slipped
the boy's cock deep into his warm, wet, sticky mouth, and sucked the boy off
like crazy. It only took a few minutes of sucking to get Jason off, shooting his
cum deep into Fred's mouth, the man swallowing every drop. Meanwhile, at this
point, Eddie let loose his load in Randy's tight ass, the warm cum sloshing
inside the boy's quivering asshole. After Eddie was finished, he pulled his cock
out with a loud slurp. Fred wanted to get own rocks off, so he motioned to Jason
to turn back over on his stomach. As the boy laid on his stomach, Fred strattled
him and began to furiously beat his meat, as he looked down at Jason's
beautiful, creamy, young body. The nice, well-shaped legs, the sweet asscheeks,
even the boy's back was smooth and well-defined. It didn't take long for Fred
to get off. He could feel himself approach climax, and sought to aim the load
onto Jason's nice body. Beating his cock in a fast frenzy, he let loose his
load, squirting major gobs of his cum all over Jason's asscheeks and the backs
of his thighs. As Jason laid there feeling the cum squirts land on his ass and
thighs, he got excited again, and even more so as Fred bent down and started to
lick the cum off of the boy's buttocks and legs. After Jason was all "tongue-
cleaned", the 2 boys decided it was time to leave, and began getting dressed.
After they finished getting dressed, the boys again thanked the 3 men for not
squealing on them, and headed out the door, homeward.

THE END...................or is it?  :>
