Jaye
by Christie Brown

******

I'm writing this letter because the other day I was talking with a 
friend and the subject of wearing high heels for extended periods of 
time came up.

When I started wearing heels, I stopped wearing anything else, except 
when I had to wear boy clothes. I started as soon as I graduated from 
highschool and left my parents house. In my first jobs I couldn't dress 
but whenever I was home I wore heels all the time. Virtually all the 
pairs I purchased were 4"-5".

I found myself always looking forward to the weekend when I could spend 
48 hrs. in my heels. Friday after work the second I got home I would 
start primping, laying out my outfits for the weekend, doing my make-up, 
putting on my lingerie. When I was done I felt so sexy and hot. One of 
the best things though was the simple pleasure of actually being able to 
reach the highest shelves in my kitchen.

Around 10:00 I usually would go out dancing. I love to show off my legs 
in a short skirt and dancing is a great way to do it. Out on the dance 
floor I felt so wonderful. I can be such a tease I love dancing close to 
my partner running my nails across the bulge in his crotch. At first I 
was too scared to bring someone home to my apartment so usually I would 
do some heavy petting in the back of a guys car, finishing him by 
swallowing his delicious cum.
 
Once in a while, usually when I'd had to many drinks I would have a guy 
fuck me standing up, out back of the bar in an alley or parking lot.  I 
still think it's one of the best ways to please a man. Even today now 
and then I'll pick a guy up in a bar just so I can get him to fuck me in 
the alley outback.  I get so turned on thinking about a guys hands up my 
skirt holding my cheeks wide. My anus already lubed with K-Y for his 
pleasure and ease of penetration when he enters my supple ass with his 
manly, hard dick. My back against the brick wall of an alley legs 
wrapped around his. With each thrust I can hear my coat rubbing against 
the brick wall. I even have a few decent pictures of these scenes my 
coat open in front draped around my legs, long thin heels with a pointy 
toe pointed toward the sky, a look of ecstasy on my face. These pictures 
are a great way to start a masturbation session with my vibrator. On my 
best nights I can get 3 hot dicks up my ass, in-between dancing with all 
the horny guys. By the time I get home my panties are wet and sticky 
from all the cum that's leaked out of my exquisitely sore boy pussy.
 
About a year after I started my job at an insurance agency I was offered 
the chance to work at home filling in claims forms on a computer. It's a 
great job because I almost never have to go into the office. So 
virtually everyday I can dress in tight sexy outfits. The ability to 
dress as a sex starved boy/girl everyday really improved my skills at 
passing. One problem it created though was after about a year it became 
difficult to flatten my foot comfortably, even sneakers became 
uncomfortable so I had to wear heels all the time. Of course this meant 
I had to more or less live full time as a woman. 

Its a thrill to go to QFC fully dressed. All the guys think I'm a very 
sexy, slutty woman. There used to be this really cute box boy that I 
would give a show to. Bending over to get something from a low shelf, 
instead of bending my knees and lowering myself in a lady like manner I 
would bend from the waist. I could feel my short skirt sliding against 
my stockings and garters as it hiked itself up my ass.  I always wore an 
especially short skirt for these shows, it was easy to see my garters 
and panties when I was bent over. After I stood up I'd make a small 
production of pulling my skirt down, leaving just a bit of my upper 
stockings showing. The look on the kids face was fabulous.

After about 3 years I couldn't wear anything lower than 4" or it would 
really hurt. When I try anything lower than 4", my calves start to 
really hurt almost immediately and they stay sore for the next few days 
during which I have to wear 5" heels till the pain goes away. The only 
time I wear flats is the few days each month when I have to go into the 
office. The pain of wearing flats is hell.

When I started I never really thought of living full time as a woman, 
I'm not a transsexual I'm just a bisexual male who prefers to look like 
a pretty if somewhat mannish appearing woman. You would never call my 
facial features cute, but when I've done a good job with my make-up I 
think I look sexy.

I have shoes called mules, that I wear at night sometimes and in the 
shower. I can walk on my toes if I have to, but my calves get tired fast 
so its easier to wear a pair of Frederick's of Hollywood Mules. Mules 
are heels, like pumps, but with nothing covering the heel of the foot, 
so they slip on like slippers.  I don't sleep in them often but with the 
partners I usually pick up, they often ask me to. So I have many times. 

The nice thing about having a high heel fetish is the number of men that 
share the fetish. Bisexual males like me who love looking and acting 
like woman are not the most popular partners in the gay world. But when 
I walk into a hot bar in a short skin tight dress and 5" heels I never 
have any trouble finding some companionship for the night. Its a great 
feeling, I love sitting on a barstool my legs crossed demurely and 
having a nice strong man flirt with me, touching my thigh, running his 
fingers along the outline of my garters. I figure that as long as I put 
out the only guys worth talking to are ones will buy me drinks, call me 
a whore if you want but it seems fair to me..

 I have about 20 pair of 4" and higher heels, and about 5 or 6 pair of 
boots with 4"-5" heels. Most of them are black, because black goes with 
everything. I have about every color though! I have 4 or 5 pair that are 
5 1/2" I think. My foot is already somewhat hyperextended when I wear 
those though. I only wear a size 7, so 5" heels are quite high already. 
I find 4 1/2" to be the most comfortable.

The return of 70's fashions has been a thrill, platform heels are so 
sexy. I just recently bought a pair with 6" heels and a 1" platform, I 
can wear these with no problem because as far as my foot is concerned 
they are effectively 5" heels.  I look so fuckably hot in these with a 
tight pair of Levis and a black bodysuit.

In the winter I wear my boots mostly, a couple only come up to the knee, 
but the rest reach mid thigh. I get really turned on looking in the 
mirror and seeing my self in thigh high boots that end a few inches 
below my skirt. One of my favorite outfits is a sheer blouse over a 
satin padded push-up bra, no panties, and thigh high boots under a shiny 
black trenchcoat. I'm so easily accessible when dressed this way, I've 
even managed to get a nice stiff dick up my ass while still sitting at 
the bar.

The guy I was dancing with took me over to the bar and found a stool for 
me to rest on, but the bar was so crowded he had to stand behind me. 
While I was sitting there I ordered up a couple of shots of Tequila. When 
the juice hit me I was feeling really good. But all the sudden I felt 
his hands rubbing my ass. He had slipped them through the split in the 
back of my coat. He was whispering in my ear, telling me he was gonna 
fuck me right here.  For some dam reason on this particular night I 
hadn't lubed my ass before I left home, so at first I was thinking this 
was a bad idea. But when I felt one of his hands let go and heard his 
zipper, I decided I better get ready and scooted back on the stool far 
enough that the rear of my ass was hanging off the back. I was amazed 
that no one could tell what was going on. When I felt his dick start 
squeezing its way into my anus without the help of any KY I let out the 
slightest yelp of pain. To help ease the pain as he sliding all the way 
home I downed another shot. Between the Tequila, the feeling of doing 
something so sleazy and the pain, it was the best sex I've ever had 
without being tied up first. A couple nights later when I stopped by the 
bar. I found out quite a few people had noticed what was going on. Ever 
since then when I go in wearing a trenchcoat the bartender always makes 
sure I have a stool to sit on.

One problem I have now after having been wearing heels for so long is 
that its difficult to go to the beach or a park in the summer. I don't 
go that often but when I do, I have to wear a pair of pumps.  Another 
problem I have is my body, when I'm fully dressed I just look like a 
very well toned young woman ( And I should. I work out a couple of hours 
every morning, in heels no less.), but when I am in a revealing bathing 
suit my muscles and the flatness of my chest make me look like a female 
body builder or very fem guy.

I started wearing heels because I like how they look and what they do 
for the appearance of my legs. The first time I tried walking in them I 
realized that if I really wanted to get used to them, so that they 
wouldn't bother me when I wore them for extended periods. I would have 
to wear them a lot. I figured that if I just wore them as much as 
possible, I would get used to them and they would feel normal. I was 
right but sometimes its tough never being able to go barefoot comfortably.

Now that I'm 26 and 5''10" in my heels (that was another reason I 
started wearing them and wanted to get used to them. In stalking feet 
and garters I'm only 5'5"). I can't imagine living any other way.

FIN
