Archive-name: 3plus/jb_strip.txt
Archive-author: J. Boswell
Archive-title: Above and Beyond the Call of Duty


     A little over a year ago, I graduated from high school and
got a job as a Dentist's Receptionist.  The pay was terrible and
I was living at home with my parents, brown-bagging my lunches
and driving a ten year-old car to work.
     Then, one night at aerobics class, a woman, Sheri,
approached me about a part-time job.  She said she loved my looks
and the way I moved to the music, and asked me to consider coming
to work for her as a "party strip-o-gram."  
     Of course, my immediate reaction was "no way!  What kind of
girl do you think I am?"  But, I thought about it for a few days
and talked to her at the next class. 
     Sheri explained that "her girls" told her the type of strip
they wanted to do -- anywhere from stripping down to a modest
bikini to going totally nude.  She said the men would drool at my
"innocent young girl" looks and my big boobs, little waist and
tight ass.  
     The money she offered was too good to be true, as far as I
was concerned, so I agreed to go out with several girls the
following weekend to see what it was all about.
     On Friday night, I accompanied Tricia (a beautiful tall
blonde with a great figure) to two bachelor parties.  At the
first, she dressed as a schoolteacher (glasses, suit, ruler and
pad, etc) and stripped naked to the beat of every rock song that
had the words "school" or "teacher" in it.  She was great, and
the men absolutely loved her.  Included in the price of Sheri's
"Strip-o-grams" is a bottle of <cheap> champagne and a one hour
"mingle" with the guests, and we both had a few drinks with the
guys.  I was fully clothed, but Trish was naked except for her
high heels and a G-string!
     After the mingle, we went to the second party.  This time,
Trish dressed as a nurse.  Being later in the night, this party
was a lot rowdier than the first, and the guys were all over
Trish during the mingle.  I told her when the hour was up and
that it was time to go.  She was sitting on the groom-to-be's lap
and he was sucking on her right breast.  She smiled and told me
to go home, and that she was sure she could bum a ride, later.
     On Saturday night, I went to three birthday parties with
Diane.  Diane was married and had a kid but still looked great. 
She had a set routine.  She arrived, got paid, changed, danced
(with no touching), stripped to a modest bikini and left.  Fast,
safe and professional.  The only problem was that Diane, dancing
three times, didn't make close to what Trish did dancing twice,
not counting tips.  The difference was what Sheri charged for
each girl, depending on the clothes she left on.
     I thought about it for a week and decided to go to work for
Sheri, but agreed to strip only to the bikini.  If I was forced
to confess, I'd have to admit I did find the thought of taking my
clothes off in front of wildly approving strangers a thrill.  
     I spent the evenings of the next week getting my outfits
together and learning the basics for the routines.
     Needless to say, within three months, I agreed to strip
naked.  Dancing and stripping to the bikini in front of a mixed
crowd of men and women and then virtually running to the next
party, two or three times a night was crazy and no fun at all. 
Getting lost for five minutes could throw all the appointments
off, and there just was no tipping.  I got jealous of the money
the two girls who did strip nude got, compared to what I got.  
     Stripping naked in front of strangers is one thing, but I
found the mingle time the hardest to deal with.  Once I decided
to go nude, most of my parties were all male, or almost all male
-- bachelor parties, business meetings, conventions, and some
birthday parties, as opposed to mostly all couples at birthday
parties.  Ninety-nine percent of the time, the men were
absolutely great.  During the mingle, I'd slow dance and sit on
laps, and if their hands roamed, I gently moved them away. 
Usually, this was enough; but, sometimes, they would be so
persistent or rough, that I'd stand up and loudly tell them to
behave.  In the beginning, I always went out with a companion,
usually a guy supplied by Sheri, but since he had to get paid, it
cut into my profit and I soon learned how to handle myself and
the clients.
     At my second bachelor party I was offered $100 to stay and
"entertain" the groom-to-be.  I politely refused, but in the last
11 months, I have occasionally accepted such offers if the money
and the crowd looked okay.  I know what that makes me, but I can
live with that for the time being.  The money's been good enough
and I've been busy enough that I have my own apartment and I'm
driving a new Saab Turbo convertible!
     The first time I let myself be bought was at a bachelor
party full of lawyers.  I was shooting pool in only my string of
pearls and high heels with the groom-to-be when my escort, Dan,
called me over.  The "Best Man" had offered Dan a hundred dollars
to go home without me, if I was agreeable to "earning a few big
tips."  Dan was an old pro at the escort game, and told me that
if I ever wanted to make big tips, this was the party to do it.  
     I told him I had never done anything like that, but the "big
money" sounded good.  He told me that some of the girls gave a
flat fee and then took on all comers at the party, or that some
charged for each guy.  He said that if it was my first time, I
might want to charge by the guy, and then I could stop whenever I
wanted to.  I couldn't believe I was talking to a man about the
best method of selling my ass!
     Dan said it was like selling cars, and that I should start
high and be willing to bargain.  After a few more minutes and
another drink, I finally decided to try it.  I told Dan to tell
them my price was $100 per guy, cash, up front, and to our
surprise, there was no bargaining!  The guys agreed to that
immediately.
     I made the easiest $600 of my life that night.  The guys
chipped in for the groom-to-be, and then the rest of the wedding
party took their turn.  I even think the father of the bride was
debating it, but he didn't.  We went to a separate room to get it
on and all the men behaved like gentlemen, even though more than
a few of the "non-takers" walked by or even stopped at the door
and watched the action.  It was fun and on the way out I told
myself that it would never happen again, but I knew that it
would.  And, it has.
     I have also had some very interesting experiences.  About a
month ago, I performed in one of the most complicated set-ups to
surprise a groom-to-be.  By an accident of timing, the groom was
hiring a new secretary and was conducting interviews.  Several of
his fellow workers fabricated a resume for me and scheduled me
for an interview, on the Friday before the wedding.  I arrived
dressed in my best suit and acting nervous.
     The office had gone out to lunch, and only about five guys
were left, by the time I got there.  Doug, the groom-to-be, was
interviewing me, when his boss came over and introduced himself. 
He just sat and listened until I said the key words, "I'll do
anything to get the chance to start a career with this firm."
     The boss spoke up, right away, "Would you show us your
tits?"
     Doug almost died!  He started to say something to his boss,
when I stood up and said, "If that's what it takes."
     The boss smiled and said, "Well, that would be a start."
     I took off my jacket and started to unbutton my blouse. 
Doug was no longer protesting!
     As I pulled my blouse off my shoulders, I said, "I'll do
even more for you!"  With that cue, the co-workers just outside
the open door hit the "play" button on my boom box.  I started my
routine, and Doug knew that he had been had, but good!
     I stripped and mingled until co-workers started returning,
and wound up going out to a late lunch with the boss and two of
his office-mates.  I had another appointment later that night, so
they had to settle for three expensive blow-jobs and good-bye
kisses in the boss's Lincoln.
     All this is a little background for what happened last
weekend.  
     I'm good looking, and I put on a good show.  I work as often
as I want to, at least 3 nights a week.  In eleven months, I've
become Sheri's best girl, often being requested by name,
recommended by former clients.  
     Last weekend, I was specifically requested for a second show
(which means my second, and last, show of the night) at a
birthday party in a private home.  This is unusual, because
parties in the home seldom request full-nude strippers, because
of the mixed crowd.  Anyway, the bill was pre-paid by credit card
and included a 35 percent tip for me -- a very heavy tip.
     My first show was a bachelor party, and I stripped from my
nurse's uniform to the buff and mingled.  It was a pretty tame
bunch of guys, with only two or three grabbing ass or boobs when
they danced with me.  
     I was feeling good.  I had had a couple of wine coolers and
had been poked and squeezed enough to be feeling a little warm
inside.  When the hour was over, I went into a bedroom to change
and asked the guy who had set the thing up to come along.  
     Here we were.  I'm naked, and this good-looking guy is
nervous and all eyes.  I guess I was a little horny, because I
really began teasing him, giving him great split beaver shots as
I put on my garterbelt and nylons, and asking him how everybody
liked my show.  I heard him groan as I bent over to pick up my
bra, and he was looking at my ass and cunt.  I can be such a
cockteaser, sometimes!
     I walked over to him and planted a big kiss on his lips, "I
want to thank you for the nice tip you collected from the guys."
     He wasn't biting.  I saw his wedding band, and his wife
would have been proud of him.  His hands stayed at his side.  I
could feel his cock straining against his slacks, but he remained
a gentleman.  More than a little disappointed, I finished
dressing into my cop outfit and left that party a little
frustrated and a lot horny.
     I drove to the house for my next gig.  It was a nice single
house in the suburbs and it looked too quiet for a party to be
going on; especially since my instructions said I was supposed to
be a cop coming to the door to quiet everybody down. 
Fortunately, as I approached the front door, I could hear the
stereo blasting inside.  I banged loudly on the door.
     A kid about 15 or 16 opens the door, sees the uniform and
pops his eyeballs open.  I'm surprised to see anyone that young
at the party and double-check the name.  The kid says I have the
right house, so I walk in yelling for them to turn the music
down.
     My biggest shock was, when I walked into the den, where the
party was, it was only 3 teenaged boys!  I didn't know what to
do.  I know there must be a law or rule somewhere that says we
can't strip in front of anyone under 18 or something, but I've
never seen it, and the question never came up with Sheri.  I also
know that with the fee and tip I'm making for this party, it's
too much money to simply turn around, leave, and give a refund.
     I asked the kid who opened the door where his parents were.
     "They're out of town, officer.  We'll turn the stereo down."
     I slapped my nightstick in the palm of my hand and nodded at
the Coors cans all over the room, "And what about the beers?  Am
I supposed to ignore three underage boys sucking down beers?"
     "We each just had one, officer, you know, to celebrate my
16th birthday."
     Sixteen!  I knew I was in a spot.  I looked at these three
faces, thought about the money, and then thought "hell, they are
only a couple of years younger than me.  What the hell!"
     I handed the birthday boy, Jeff, my cassette tape, "Put this
in the deck and turn it up."
     He looked curious, but complied.  The music started playing
and I went into my routine, and read the birthday card, just
signed "a friend."
     Once the three of them saw what I was doing, they couldn't
believe their luck, and they really got into it.  They were a
great audience, loving everything I did.  When I was down to
garterbelt, stocking and heels, I asked Jeff if he wanted me to
take the rest off.  He said "Just like that is perfect!"
     When the dance was over, I explained I was paid to mingle
for an hour, and that I'd love one of those beers.  Jeff and Mark
loved slow dancing with me, but we couldn't get Ted off the sofa.
     It was pretty sexy being with these young studs, and I was
already horny, so, I teased them at every opportunity.  Pressing
into them as we danced, spreading my legs as I sat down or stood
up, etc.  I knew I was acting like a teenage boy's wet-dream, and
I was loving it.
     Finally, it was time to go and I asked Jeff to point out a
spare bedroom and to get my suitcase from the car.  I was combing
my hair in a full length mirror when Jeff knocked and walked in
with my case.
     "You were great tonight, Ginny.  I can't tell you how much I
enjoyed your dance."  On and on he blabbed at machine-gun speed.
     I walked over to him and placed my finger against his lips,
"Hush, Jeff."  I took my finger away and kissed him, pushing my
tongue between his lips and teeth.  He responded with unbridled
passion.
     I pulled his t-shirt up and over his head and arms, baring
his smooth, hard chest.  I unsnapped his jeans, pulled the zipper
down and let them fall to the floor.  Then, I pulled Jeff to the
bed and I lay down, reaching up for him.
     My cunt was soaking wet and ready for his hard cock.  He was
deep inside of me in a second, and began humping me.  "Slower,
slower, Dear.  We're in no hurry."
     We settled into a rhythm, and I began to ride up the crest
to an orgasm.  I was almost there as I felt Jeff tighten up and
fill me with his hot cum.
     "Oh, I'm sorry, Ginny!  I came too fast."
     "It's okay, Jeff.  It really was great while it lasted."  My
problem was that I had almost gotten there, and that left me
hotter than ever.  Jeff rolled off and, for the first time I
noticed Mark standing in the open doorway to Jeff's room.
     "How long have you been standing there?"
     "Uh, um, I just came up to see what was going on."
     I was on Jeff's bed, on my back.  My legs were spread open
and I could feel some of Jeff's warm cum leaking down into the
crack of my ass.  I knew what I looked like to Mark, because he
had a lump in his pants worthy of an adult-video actor.  I threw
caution to the wind, and decided to go with the moment.  It
wouldn't be the first time I got it on with more than one guy at
a party!  
     I smiled up at Mark, "Why don't you join me, too?"
     It was all the coaxing he needed.  His jeans and underwear
were down at his ankles and his cock was buried up my cunt in two
seconds flat!
     This time, I paced Mark to match me, pumping deeper and
deeper into my cunt.  I was soon rising, again, getting to the
climax that had been building all night.  I wrapped my legs
around Mark's waist and slammed my hips up at his.  It worked,
and I was soon in a delirious orgasm, lost to the world and
everybody in it.
     When I came back down, Mark was just beginning to cum, and I
made it as good for him as I could.
     I was in a glow.  Jeff had stayed in the room and watched,
and was now sporting another erection.  I smiled at him and said,
"I'll take care of that, but we have to be fair.  You two go
downstairs and bring Ted up."
     Ted was reluctant and very shy, but he performed well for a
virgin.  He was just pulling up his jeans when Mark yelled up
that Jeff's parents had just pulled into the garage!
     Jeff and Ted ran downstairs to hide the beer cans and I
rolled out of bed to dress.  The pounding I had received from my
three young studs had taken its toll on me, and I was moving
slowly.  I wasn't finished dressing when Jeff appeared at the
door and begged me to stay where I was until he could sneak me
out.
     I sat on the bed listening to voices downstairs, until I
heard Jeff say, "Goodnight, Mom, Dad.  Sorry your plans didn't
work out."
     He opened the door with a pained expression on his face,
"Sorry, Ginny, but they're going to be awake for a while."
     I just smiled and shook my head.  As I opened my blouse I
said, "Well, no sense wasting all this time."
     We quietly fucked and sucked each other for hours.  His
young stamina was fantastic.  We quieted down even more when we
heard his parents come upstairs and enter their bedroom across
the hall, but we didn't stop.
     I woke up in Jeff's arms around 3:00 a.m.  He was sleeping
like a baby and I really hated leaving him.  What a cute guy he
was.  I began to dress, again, and looked at his naked body in
the bed.  Just so he'd know it hadn't all been a dream, I draped
my tiny bra and panties on his cock.
     I snuck downstairs, unlocked the door and snuck back to my
car.  I felt wonderful, and couldn't remember having a more
exciting night in my life.  It was a great time and I don't
regret anything I did.  
     It even turned out that Jeff wasn't as innocent as I thought
he was.  Just before we fell asleep, he told me that he ordered
his own strip-o-gram, using his Dad's credit card!  His Uncle had
seen me at a bachelor party and Jeff heard him telling his father
about me.  What a sly fox.  
     What a night! 

(c) J. BOSWELL, June 1989
--
