Archive-name: Affairs/jb_watch.txt
Archive-author: J. Boswell
Archive-title: Intimate Sharing


                   The Original Hot Wife Tale

Part One
Happy Birthday, Darling

     I love to watch my wife with other men.  I've read enough
letters in enough magazines to know that I'm not alone, but if
you had asked me, I would have never guessed that watching Jenny
have sex with other men would be my biggest turn-on.
     Jenny was a virgin when we married thirteen years ago, and
was very inexperienced in sexual matters.  I found it hard to
believe that a girl with her looks and a body that stopped
traffic could be so `untouched' and innocent, but she assured me
it was the result of strict religious upbringing, at home and in
school, and living home with her parents until we married.  
     Jenny is now 35 years old, and has never looked better in
her life.  She is beautiful, with pale, ivory skin; full, pouty
lips; huge brown eyes; and shining brown hair in a classic page
cut.  She reeks class.  Aerobics and running have made her firmer
than ever and her 36C-23-35 figure on a 5'4" frame would have to
be termed perfect in my book.  We've been happily married, and
our sex life started slow and has improved over the years.
......
     I enjoy reading adult magazines and, occasionally, Jenny
would read a letter or two without comment.  One day, she asked
me to point out the letters that really turned me on. 
Invariably, the ones that made me the hottest told tales of
husbands watching their wives have sex with other men, sometimes
with multiple partners.  Jenny asked me if I ever thought about
her screwing another man.  I was honest and told her that I could
sometimes visualize her doing the things in the letters, but I
certainly did not want her to actually do those things.  I
assured her the letters were a turn-on and a fantasy, but did not
mean I had an actual desire for her to fuck another man.  She
said she was glad that I didn't want her to have sex with others,
because she didn't want me to have sex with other women, either.
     We continued to read the magazines, and Jenny would
playfully point out the ones for me to read first.  She was
always right and I was glad she understood about my fantasy.
......
     Last September, my fortieth birthday fell on a Saturday, and
Jenny said she had the whole day planned for me.  It began with a
wonderful session of making love; then I was treated to breakfast
in bed, and later, lunch on our screened-in back patio. The
afternoon had me on the porch, deep in a chaise lounge, dozing in
front of college football on the portable TV.
     The lawn was in dire need of cutting, my normal Saturday
task, but Jenny said that the lawn was also taken care of.  I
heard a mower start up and Jenny stepped out onto the porch in
her tiniest bikini and said, "Ah, right on time.  See?  All taken
care of."
     Apparently she had hired our neighbor's son, Danny, to mow
the lawn for me.  He was a great-looking kid we had watched grow
up.  Only just starting his Junior year in high school, he was
the ultimate jock, with a sweater full of high school varsity
letters and a wall full of trophies.  
     When he got to the back lawn I was amazed at his physique. 
Six feet tall, he weighed about 175, all muscle.  He was wearing
shorts and high-tops, and his bare chest was tan and gleaming
with sweat.
     Jenny walked past me, out the door, with two large
lemonades.  "Hey, Danny,"  She shouted over the mower's roar.
     Danny cut the engine and turned to see who shouted.  When he
saw Jenny walking toward him in that tiny bikini that perfectly
matched her eyes, I could almost hear him gulp from where I was
sitting.
     "Hi, Mrs. H.  I thought you were taking Mr. H. out all day,
for his birthday."  He made a valiant effort to look Jenny in the
eyes, but looking at her full, glowing body was too much
temptation.  His eyes rarely looked above her ample cleavage. 
Danny was obviously a tit-man.
     "He's sound asleep, now.  We'll be going out for dinner,
later.  I was just getting the last of the season's sun."  She
sat down on the chaise lounge and looked up at Danny's crotch. 
     Knowing Jenny, I knew something was up.  I wasn't asleep and
she knew it, so I wanted to watch and see what she was up to.  I
knew that if Danny looked into the porch from the bright
sunlight, the shade and screens made it so dark that he wouldn't
be able to distinguish me from the seat cushions, so I felt
perfectly safe as a peeping-tom.
     Danny stepped closer to Jenny and used the opportunity to
stare down between her two magnificent breasts.  The crotch of
his shorts began to swell.  Mine did, too.
     Danny gulped the rest of his drink, "Thanks for the
lemonade, Mrs. H.  I guess I better get back to mowing."
     I'm sure Jenny caught the crack in his voice as well as I
did.  She smiled up at him and said, "There's no hurry, Dan.  I
was just looking at your body.  It looks like all those weights
your mother's always complaining about lying around the house are
having a very positive effect."  
     I guess exercise is a topic jocks always feel like talking
about, because the next few minutes were filled with the details
of lifting weights.
     Jenny stood up and reached out to touch Danny's arms.  "Wow,
Dan, your arms are hard as rocks."  She moved her hands up to his
shoulders and down his chest, over his nipples.  "You are an
Ironman, aren't you?"
     Danny could only nod, and Jenny continued with the slow
torture.  As I watched this scene, I removed my throbbing cock
from my shorts and began to squeeze it.  I had never seen Jenny
flirt like this, and I had never been hotter.
     "I've been thinking about lifting weights, too.  I'm afraid
aerobics and running won't be enough to keep me firm.  I'm
already beginning to sag like an old lady."
     "No way, Mrs. H.!  You look terrific."
     "Well, thank you, kind sir.  Say, if you can keep this
professional, maybe you can give me some advice.  Are there
exercises I could do to prevent my breasts from sagging any more?
Look."  With that, Jenny untied the string behind her neck and on
her back.  She removed the bikini top as casually as removing a
winter coat.
     Danny's eyes actually bulged as he viewed Jenny's round,
full tits and brown, hardening nipples.  He tried to blurt out
something, but all that came out was, "Oh, Mrs. H..."
     "Oh, Dan, it's okay.  I just want your expert opinion on a
bodybuilding question.  If you prefer, I can put my top back on,
but then you can't see as well."  
     I almost couldn't stifle my laughter.  Jenny was obviously
having a good time.
     When she lifted both tits in her hands, I shot a thick
stream of cum across the porch to begin one of the best solo
orgasms of my life.  
     "Is there an exercise I can do to keep these right where
they are, and not sag any further?"  Danny's cock was straining
the fabric of his shorts.  Danny managed a shrug and Jenny sat,
again.
     "Oh, Dan, I did that, didn't I?  I'm so sorry.  I was
thinking about exercise and forgot that you are a red-blooded
teenager.  Here, let me make it better for you."  With that,
Jenny pulled Danny's shorts down over his hips and cock.  He
stood absolutely still as they fell to his ankles.  I felt more
than a little twinge of jealously as I saw that his cock was
obviously longer, thicker and straighter than mine.
     Jenny reached for him, pulling him a step closer with her
hands on his ass.  She kissed the pink head of his cock and then
licked the underside.  She opened her mouth to accept his cock,
sucking and slurping it in and out.  In less than a minute, Danny
began to pant and jerk his hips.  
     Another man's cock was shooting cum into my wife's hot mouth
and I had another raging hard-on!
     Jenny swallowed everything and licked Danny's penis clean
before she released him.  His cock was still semi-rigid as he sat
down on the grass.  
     Jenny smiled down at him, "You taste wonderful."  Danny's
penis jerked a little in response.  "You've made me very hot,
Dear."  It jerked again.  "I think I need more of you."  And that
was it; Danny was hard again, and I cursed his youth.
     Jenny stood long enough to untie her bikini bottom, and push
Danny onto his back.  I had the perfect angle to watch his cock
penetrate my wife's pink, wet cunt, as she lowered herself onto
it.  I didn't know if Danny was a virgin, but even if he wasn't,
I was certain that Jenny was giving him the best fuck of his
young life.  She rode his cock, placing his hands on her bouncing
tits, and showing his fingers how to pinch her nipples as she
neared an orgasm.  I could see his big cock shining with my
wife's cunt juices when she raised herself up on it, only to drop
down with a moan.
     It wasn't long before she began a very intense orgasm.  She
lost control of her rhythm, and was moaning in complete surrender
to the feeling washing through her.  When the orgasm abated,
Jenny slowly lifted herself off Danny's still-hard cock.  He
whimpered a low "No," but Jenny laid down on the chaise, with a
leg off each side, and smiled, "Come fuck me, Dan."
     And he did.  He moved between her legs, and shoved his meat
up her cunt in one fast move.  Jenny grunted at the force of his
invasion and wrapped her legs around his hips and her arms around
his neck.  Danny then proceeded to pound Jenny's ass into the
deep cushion of the chaise, ramming his cock into her up to the
root.  
     Jenny stayed right with him, urging him on, "Oh, yes, Dan. 
Fuck me.  Pump me hard, Dear.  Oh, yes!"
     By luck, accident or design, they both hit their orgasm
simultaneously.  After their climax, Danny rolled off Jenny.  His
cock was shining with her and his own juices, and they were both
covered with sweat.  Their breathing slowed and Jenny dropped her
hand to Danny's chest, running her fingernails gently over his
skin.  They shared her lemonade and Danny stood to pull up his
shorts.  
     Jenny held out her hand, "Wait.  Let me clean that for you,
Dan."  He needed no further urging to move closer to my wife.
     Jenny took his soft, wet cock into her mouth and began to
suck and lick it clean.  In seconds, it was growing hard yet
again, and I marveled at Danny's recuperative powers.  
     Jenny gave a throaty laugh and said, "Oh, dear!  It's still
alive!"  
     Danny smiled as Jenny let it slip out of her mouth and she
positioned herself bending over the chaise.  Danny walked his
hard cock right up Jenny's cunt. 
     It took a little while for him to come this time, and Jenny
didn't come, but her urging and moaning signified she was
definitely enjoying being fucked again.  When Danny finished,
Jenny told him I'd be waking up soon and he could finish the lawn
later.
     Jenny walked naked across the lawn and into porch and stood
beside me.  "Happy birthday, Darling.  Want to feel someone
else's cum in your wife's cunt?"  
     I reached out and inserted two fingers up her cunt.  I could
feel the mixture of her lubricant and Danny's sticky cum and my
cock began shooting again.  Jenny bent over and caught the rest
of my cum with her mouth.  When I finished, Jenny smiled and
looked down at her body.  Cum was dripping down her thighs, her
tits had red marks on them where Danny had been a little rough,
and she was covered with sweat and grass and dust.  To me, she
had never looked sexier in her life.
     She licked the wetness off my fingers and said, "I need a
long hot bath!"  I was exhausted and fell asleep before she
started to fill the tub.
........................

Part Two
Once Is Not Enough 

     Jenny and I discussed the day's events over dinner.  She
said she had been thinking about it a long time.  Although she
couldn't picture herself ever cheating on me with another man,
the thought of me watching her with another man grew and grew
until it became a full-fledged turn-on for her, too.  She worked
the whole plan through her head for days, before she had the
nerve to actually call Danny and arrange for him to mow the lawn.
     "So, how was he?  His stamina depressed this 40-year old
man."
     Jenny giggled and said, "His stamina surprised this 35-year
old woman!  I thought it would all be over and done in just a few
minutes."
     I toasted her with my wine, "You are the cause of that,
Dear.  Your beauty, your amazing body, and your pure sexuality."
     Jenny blushed, "The whole time it was going on, I was
thinking about you watching me, knowing I was doing this for
you."
     I raised an eyebrow, "Oh, so then you didn't enjoy it?"
     She laughed, "Of course, I enjoyed it!  If he ever learns
how to really use what he has, there will be a traffic problem in
the neighborhood from all the teenie-boppers lining up and
cruising by.  He's a real stud."
     A serious thought intruded, "You know he'll want more, don't
you?"
     Jenny waved my concern away.  "I'm sure he'll ask or try,
but I'll convince him it was a once in a lifetime thing that can
never be repeated."
     Jenny was right.  She told me that a few days later, Danny
stopped by before I got home from work.  Jenny said she sat him
down, held his hand and apologized for what happened.  She said
she didn't know what came over her, that she loved her husband
and could never risk her marriage like that, again.  Apparently,
Danny took it all, with a pout, but finally left.
     If anything, Jenny and I felt even closer than we did before
my birthday.  Left with a quiet moment in work, or distracted
from a book, my mind would wander back to our porch, and I could
see another man's hard, pink/purple cock spreading my wife's pink
pussy lips, fucking her willing cunt.
......
     On a Friday night in November I was home alone.  A guy in
Jenny's office was being transferred to Los Angles, and she was
at the going away party.  A little after midnight, the phone woke
me.  
     It was Jenny, "If I were you, I'd take a chair into the
bedroom closet.  I might be bringing home another birthday gift
for you.  I love you."
     Surprised at the call, I hurried to make the bed and pry a
few louvers in the closet door apart.  I was ready when I heard
the car pull into our driveway.  
     The front door opened, and I heard Jenny, "Thanks for the
ride home, Bill.  I had too, too much to drink."
     Bill was the guy leaving for L.A.  He was about my age and
very good-looking.  "My pleasure, Jenny.  The party was beginning
to drag, anyway.  What do you say we wake Ron up and keep the
party going here?"
     "No can do.  Ron's in Denver until tomorrow, and I've had
enough to drink for the night.  I'm very tight!  How about you? 
Want a coffee or another drink?"
     "Sure, coffee sounds great."
     "Good.  I make a mean cup of coffee.  But, first, let me get
these damn heels off."
     "I'll keep you company."
     Jenny hit the light switch as she entered the bedroom and
Bill was one step behind her.  I had the perfect view of him
reaching around my wife and cupping her breasts.  Jenny leaned
her head back on his shoulder and said, "Ohhhh, Bill.  You aren't
trying to take advantage of my inebriated state, are you?"
     His fingers had found Jenny's nipples, and they were
obviously hardening to his touch.  "Yeah, I want to take
advantage of you.  I want to see how really tight you are, and I
don't mean from the drinks."
     Jenny turned and pushed him back onto the bed.  He was
sitting on the edge, looking up at her.   Her back was to me and
I watched Bill's face as my wife began to strip for him.  Her
dress buttoned across the shoulders, and when open, fell to her
feet.  Jenny slowly lifted the dark blue, full slip up over her
hips and head and stood still.  She was still wearing her heels,
a dark lacy bra, tiny panties, garterbelt and stockings.
     Bill licked his lips.  "I want to see your tits."
     Jenny opened the front of her bra and dropped it to the
floor.
     "Your pussy.  I want to see your cunt."
     Jenny stepped out of her wispy panties and pushed Bill back
onto the bed.  Then she knelt on the floor between his legs and
began to open his slacks.  I heard the zipper and watched her
pull his pants down to the floor.  His cock stood up pink and
rigid.  Jenny shifted position to give me a perfect view as she
lowered her mouth over his cock.
     She sucked him for a few minutes and then climbed up and
mounted him.  Bill grabbed handfuls of her ass, "Oh, Jenny, you
ARE tight!  All this time we worked together, we could've been
fucking like this.  You walk around that office like the perfect
lady, but you are really one easy little slut, aren't you?"
     Jenny was responding to his cock and his talk, but before
she could get there, Bill tightened his hold on her ass and
pounded his meat up into her pussy.  He came with a loud groan
and laid still for a few seconds.  Then, he lifted Jenny's wet
snatch off his cock and pushed and pulled her until her cunt was
situated over his mouth.
     Just before he pulled her down, he said, "I want to suck my
cum out of your sweet, easy, little cunt."
     Jenny was more than ready and began her orgasm almost
immediately.  I had been jerking off the whole time and I, too,
came, shooting my cum onto the closet door.
     Bill ate my wife's pussy until she had a second orgasm and
collapsed on top of him.  He pushed her off him, rolled off the
bed and began to undress.
     "I can't believe it, Jenny.  The perfect lady in work, the
perfect whore in the bedroom.  Believe me, if I had only known
you were so easy a piece of ass, I'd've been filling your hole
for a long time."
     Jenny propped herself up on an elbow and watched him
undress.  "I'm not easy, Bill.  The mood was right and I was just
enough tipsy...  You know it's after 1 a.m., don't you? 
Shouldn't you be getting dressed instead of undressed?"
     "But we aren't done, yet, are we?  You want to get me hard
again, so I can fuck you."
     Jenny laughed and pulled Bill onto the bed by his hand,
"Well, if that's what I want, I'd better get started."
     Still in garterbelt and stockings, Jenny, again knelt
between Bill's legs and took his soft cock into her mouth.  She
really put on a great show, with it ending as Bill was pumping
into her, doggie-style, moaning "You slut!  You slut!" as he
came.
     Jenny helped Bill dress and saw him out the door.  I was
standing at the bedroom door with my hard cock in my hand.  We
didn't make it to the bed.  On the floor, Jenny took my hard-on
into her mouth and positioned her soaked pussy over my face.
     "Eat me, Ron.  I really need you to eat me!"
     I looked up and saw another man's cum in my wife's hairs and
couldn't do it.  Instead, I rolled us over, took my cock from her
mouth and inserted into her pussy.
..................................

Part Three
...Two for the Show

     I woke up late the next morning to the delicious feeling of
my cock in Jenny's hot, wet, magic mouth.  I loved feeling it
grow rigid as she slurped and sucked and licked it.  I relaxed
back into the pillows and enjoyed her expert cocksucking.  In
just a few minutes, Jenny was fucking me with her mouth, and I
couldn't hold out any longer.  My cum shot out of me and into her
accepting mouth.  
     When I was done, Jenny looked up and smiled, "Good morning,
Lover.  I just want you to know that I have never felt sexier,
hotter, more like a complete woman, than I have since your
birthday."
     I smiled back at her.  With my fingers I dabbed some of my
cum from her chin and she sucked my sticky fingers into her
mouth.
     "So, it looks like a foreign cock every now and then is all
we need to keep you happy."
     "Ron, it's so sexy knowing you're watching.  Last night, I
kept thinking about you being five feet away, watching everything
I was doing.  It turned me on so much!"
......
     And it must have.  Our sex life was wonderful.  Between the
different hours that we worked, and my longer commute time, Jenny
usually arrived home a little after 4 p.m. and I dragged in after
6:30.  Instead of Jenny starting dinner and watching the news
until I got home, we developed a pattern of love-making I really
enjoyed.  
     When I got home, Jenny was almost always naked or
almost-naked in bed and ready for me.  She insisted that I eat
her already-wet cunt, first, and then she would attack my body
with her hands, tongue, mouth and cunt, ending in a terrific
fuck.  We'd then shower together and enjoy the rest of the
evening together.
......
     One day in late March, my office went out to lunch to
celebrate a huge sale I had made in the morning.  None of us
returned to work, and, as a result, I turned onto our street at
about 4:15 p.m. -- just in time to see three figures enter our
front door.  
     I stopped the car still a half-block from the house, and
wondered what to do.  One of the figures had obviously been Jenny
-- her car stood in the driveway.  Who were the other two people,
and why were they waiting at the front door for Jenny to get
home?  
     As I sat there, our bedroom light went on, and a thought
began to form.
     I parked the car at the curb, walked down to our house and
into the backyard.  I quietly climbed the steps up to the deck
off the kitchen, and climbed from that railing onto the deck off
the bedroom.  I crept over to the french doors, but couldn't find
enough opening in the curtains to observe anything inside the
room.  
     Desperate, I climbed up on the railing and peeked into the
top of a window.  Perfect!  The miniblinds were open enough to
see a sight I couldn't believe!  
     Inside, Jenny, Danny and Danny's friend, CJ were undressing!
     When they were all naked, Jenny laid back onto the bed and
Danny moved his hard cock close to her lips.  My wife moved her
head until she could suck it into her mouth.  At the same time,
CJ was kneeling between Jenny's spread legs.  His hands were busy
at her cunt for a few seconds, and then he moved his cock up to
her pussy.  He slid it in it's whole length in one quick shove.
     Jenny let go of Danny's prick and began to really hump CJ,
lifting her hips to take each of his thrusts.  Danny moved down
on the bed and took Jenny's right nipple into his mouth.
     I couldn't believe this!  This was my wife who said she did
it only for me, fucking and sucking the neighborhood schoolboys! 
I also couldn't believe it, but she never looked sexier!
     CJ soon came and quickly rolled from between my wife's
spread thighs.  Danny rolled over and pulled on her hips until
she was kneeling on all fours in front of that big cock of his. 
Danny was not gentle as he shoved his cock in to the hilt and
started to bang away at Jenny.  CJ moved his head under her
swinging tits and grabbed one with his hand and the other with
his mouth.
     Through the windows I couldn't hear a thing, but I could see
how much Jenny was enjoying being an easy piece of ass for these
two young studs.  She had her first orgasm as Danny was pounding
his meat into her, and he came soon after that.
     They all rolled apart, and I expected them to start getting
dressed, but, instead, Jenny took Danny's shiny, wet cock into
her mouth and began sucking it.
     Both kids had erections within minutes, and this time, Jenny
straddled CJ's hips and rode his cock to a hard, fast cum for
both of them.  She played with Danny's prick with her hand, until
CJ shot his load, and then my wife-whore rolled over on her back
and spread her legs, yet again.
     She fingered herself and said something, and they all
laughed.  Bill was right.  She was a slut!  They were still
laughing as Danny slid his pole up her very pink cunt.
     This was the fucking Jenny really got into.  She wrapped her
arms around his neck and her legs around his waist.  From where I
was, I could watch Danny's cock rise out of her cunt, almost its
full length, and slide back in to the hilt, his big bag of balls
slapping against Jenny's ass.  I knew then that Jenny had taught
him how to fuck.  He was giving her exactly what she wanted --
her eyes shut tight, her mouth open -- she was enjoying the
fucking tremendously.
     She began to cum, and it lasted for minutes, until her arms
and legs fell slack and she was still on the bed.  Danny didn't
miss a beat, continuing to pump away at her cunt until he, too,
finally came.
......
     They rested a few minutes and then dressed.  I carefully
climbed down from my perch and made my way back to my car.  I sat
in it until my normal arrival time and pulled into the driveway.
     As usual, Jenny was naked in our freshly made bed, fingering
herself as I walked into the bedroom.
     I was incredibly angry with her for cheating on me, but I
had never been more aroused in my life then when I was staring
through the window at my slut-whore-wife put out to the
neighborhood.
     I stripped in seconds and jumped on top of Jenny, pushing my
erect cock at her pussy lips.
     She smiled at me, "No, Dear.  I want you to eat me, first."
     In anger and sexual frenzy, I held her hands to the bed and
pushed my cock up inside her with all my strength.  I looked down
at my sweet-faced wife and said, "I told you, I don't eat other
men's cum, you cheap little slut!"
     She tensed her body for just a second, and then smiled,
again, "That's what you think.  You've been eating it out of my
pussy every day for months!"
     That second, I shot the juice of the best cum of my life
into her well-used and cum-filled cunt.
......
     Later, Jenny told me that when Danny came back the Monday
after my birthday, she did tell him what she told me.  Except,
she said he looked so crushed and broken she offered him "one
last time."  By the third fuck in an hour, Jenny admitted she was
really enjoying Danny's attention and youth and stamina, and, of
course, his big cock.
     That day was the first instead of the last.  Almost every
workday afternoon, Danny stopped by the house and thoroughly
fucked my very willing wife.  
     She explained that over Christmas break, CJ's parents went
out of town and he was staying with Danny.  They were best
friends and Danny had already told CJ about Jenny (against
Jenny's wishes), and CJ sat in the livingroom while Danny and
Jenny got their rocks off upstairs.  On the third day of this,
Jenny felt sorry for CJ and his raging teenage hormones and told
Danny to send CJ up when he was dressed.  Only two days later, it
was a threesome, and has been a threesome since.
     Jenny said she thought the whole thing was more than I
wanted to handle, especially everyday, a teenager or two, and a
neighbor, so she kept the whole affair a secret from me.  When I
wouldn't eat her pussy after Bill fucked her, she said it was an
incredible turn-on to have me eat her out almost every day, after
her two young studs had filled her pussy up with their gooey cum.
She always cleaned away any excess drips on the outside of her
pussy, so it wouldn't be obvious.  I told her I honestly didn't
know, and thought she tasted great.  To me, she just tasted like
sex.
......
     So, in the end, I got what I thought I wanted, but more than
I expected.  I knew I'd enjoy watching another man fuck my lovely
wife, but I had never expected my wife to enjoy other men fucking
her so much!
     Are we happy?  
     Jenny certainly is, and I still like to watch -- but she is
certainly fucking a whole lot more than I'm watching.  Just
yesterday, she even mentioned that CJ's older twin brothers will
be home from college for the summer -- and she had a real sparkle
in her eyes when she said it!

............................
(C) J. BOSWELL, January 1989
--
