Archive-name: Bondage/jdinjail.txt
Archive-author: Janet Dubois
Archive-title: J(anet) D(ubois) IN JAIL


    I  know that in some of my previous tales I have mentioned my handcuffs
    and promised to tell about when they were presented to me.   I got them
    from  a  friend  of  mine  who  worked for the California Department of
    Corrections, but how she gave them to me was certainly unique.

    I had been drinking at Archie's Bunker { a local watering hole for  the
    college  crowd} and was with a couple of friends.  We spent the typical
    evening  watching  reruns  of  ALL  IN THE FAMILY {how the bar got it's
    name} and arguing over who was the  bigger  ass,  Archie  or  Mike.   I
    didn't  like Archie in the least, but I found Mike's attitudes to be as
    offensive as Archie's.  Mike thought that all women and minorities were
    deprived, not because of the white males, but because they didn't  know
    better.   But,  I am digressing, and I'm sure that no one is interested
    in that series anymore.

    After the crowd started to thin, Sherry and I went to the  parking  lot
    to  drive  back  to  our  apartment.   As  I  unlocked the door we were
    approached by a  woman  of  Amazonian  proportions  who  questioned  my
    ability  to  drive.  Had I been sober, I would have smelled a rat, as I
    hadn't even put the keys in the ignition.  I was 'arrested', handcuffed
    and placed in the back of a correctional van.  I nearly wet my pants to
    think  that  I  was  actually  under  arrest.   I  was too surprised to
    question anything and probably cried as the van pulled out of  the  lot
    onto the boulevard.

    I  wasn't  sure  where  we were going, but remember pulling into what I
    thought was an abandoned factory,  but  was  assured  it  was  'Central
    Receiving'.  The odor of rot and rats should have clued me in, but as I
    said, I had had a few.

    At  the  end of a corridor was a metal door through which I was led and
    nearly  screamed when I saw nothing in the room but  a  hook  suspended
    from  the  ceiling,  two chairs and a small table and a musty cot.  The
    'officer' was constantly berating  me  for  being  arrogant  enough  to
    endanger the entire city by my drunken driving and hinted at the severe
    penalties for the offense.  I began to sweat and shake, having recently
    read articles about the torture chambers still active in  some  of  the
    more remote countries, and felt as though I was in someone's nightmare.

    I  was  led to the center from the room and my 'cuffs' were attached to
    the hook.  Sherry was then seated in the chair and strapped down.   The
    guard  was grinning wildly as she returned to me and started to tell me
    that she was part of a group of law enforcement personnel who felt  the
    law  too  lenient  and  took  on  the  responsibility of catching those
    offenders who fell through the cracks.

    I remember pleading with her not to hurt me and  promised  {as  we  all
    would}  that I would lead a pristine existence if she would overlook my
    discretion.  Her laugh and the severe manner in which she had her  hair
    done  convinced  me that I was giving her more pleasure by begging than
    if I had struggled and called her names.

    Typical of most sadists and torturers,  she  began  by  unbuttoning  my
    blouse  and skirt while telling me some of the perverse ways to inflict
    physical and emotional pain.  My  fears  were  somewhat  eased  when  I
    noticed that the only non-furniture item in the room was a small box on
    the  table.  I also began to sober enough to notice that Sherry was not
    the least concerned about our predicament.

    As my keeper moved to the table, I began to  demand  my  rights  as  an
    American  {why we are despised the world over} and she literally yelled
    that I also had the right to be frigged until I passed out.   To  match
    action  to word, she opened the box and held out the contents, a number
    of dildoes and vibrators.  Although I had inklings about my lesbianism,
    I had never used any appliances.  Sherry and I had  only  recently  met
    and  we  had  made love twice.  Once, it started as mutual masturbation
    and the second time she showed me how to lick pussy.  {Our  roles  were
    reversed rather quickly, but at the time I was a novice.}

    The guard returned to me and suggested that I select my own tool or she
    would  select  the  largest  and most painful.  Naturally, I selected a
    small and narrow vibrator, which she switched on to be  sure  that  the
    batteries  were  in  working  order.  As soon as she was sure that they
    were, she started running the pseudo-cock  over  my  tits,  causing  my
    nipples to become involuntary hard.

    'I  see  that  you like this', she said.  My protests convinced neither
    her nor Sherry that I didn't.  She slowly moved the vibrator down until
    it rested on my hair {before I started shaving} and I couldn't help but
    shiver as the humming went were it would do the  most  good.   I  could
    feel myself becoming wet and my earlier fears were fading as she gently
    began to stroke my pussy lips and clit.

    I  realized  that  this had to be some type of game because her earlier
    roughness was replaced by tenderness as she parted my lips  and  slowly
    inserted  the  vibrator  into  my  twat.   I  know  I came immediately,
    probably twice, because I was suddenly dripping  with  juices.   I  saw
    Sherry  get up from her chair, never really having been secured and she
    came to the center of the room and explained that Laura was a friend of
    hers who enjoyed these little charades.  As Laura began to speed up her
    frigging of my cunt, each took a nipple into their mouth and  began  to
    lick and suck.

    The  third  time  I  came, I asked that they might unhook me as my arms
    were quite tired.  After I was released,  my  arms  virtually  useless,
    they  led  me  to the cot and helped me to remove my clothes as well as
    theirs.  I have described Sherry before, but for those readers who have
    not read previous stories, she has a youthful appearence.  Her tits are
    quite small, although her aureolas are quite large, and she had already
    begun shaving her pussy clean.  Her legs are  long  and  thin  and  her
    blonde  hair  very long and straight.  Laura, on the other hand, shaved
    neither her cunt nor her underarms.

    After we were all situated on the cot, both explained  how  I  was  now
    going to be introduced to the aspects of women's love.  I was a  little
    scared and felt as I did when I lost my cherry to first boyfriend.  The
    difference  was like night and day.  He was much less understanding and
    it seemed as though he only lasted two minutes before rolling over  and
    falling asleep.

    Laura  was  the  first  to replace her words with actions and kissed me
    very hard and long.  She massaged my tits and back  for  awhile  before
    she  guided my hands to her own globes.  After a few moments, she moved
    our hands lower and we began to feel each others' juices.  I  felt  her
    shiver as she came and felt the sticky juices run down my fingers.  She
    pulled  my hands away and brought them between our lips and we began to
    lick the juices off.  She pushed me back on the cot and began  to  kiss
    my  body  from  head to foot, stopping at the important places.  When I
    looked around, I saw Sherry with one foot on the chair, pushing one  of
    the  dildoes  in  and  out  of her pussy.  She seemed to enjoy watching
    Laura and I and occasionally moaned or cried as she came.  The sight of
    the pink rubber moving like a train and the licking I was getting  made
    me come almost violently.

    Laura  then  called  Sherry  over  and as she replaced Laura between my
    legs,  I  pulled Laura toward me.  As I began to suck Laura,  I noticed
    how pungent her aroma was, but was still determined to  lick  her  dry.
    She seemed to enjoy my tongue and constanly spoke encouragement to both
    of us.  As her movements became more noticeable, she told me to stick a
    finger  into her anus.  At first, the idea seemed strange, but I wasn't
    about to spoil my own coming out party and used her come as a lubricant
    to ease entry.  I moved my finger in and out while  my  tongue  flicked
    back  and  forth  across  her clit.  When she came, she spurted over my
    face and I came again, nearly forgetting that it was  Sherry  that  was
    working my twat.

    We spent the next several hours fingering each other and trying out the
    different  toys  they had brought.  I'm not sure how many times I came,
    but I know I was sore for a week after.

    When we were again clothed, we thanked each other and Laura gave me her
    handcuffs, probably as a momento.  Every time I get them out,  I  think
    of that evening and get somewhat melancholic.  Most people remember the
    first  time  they  have sex and it holds a special place in their heart
    forever.  I certainly will never forget Laura, although we  have  never
    again  seen  each other.  As for Sherry, we spent another year together
    and had many wonderful experiences  together.   Unfortunately,  when  I
    moved east, she was unwilling to come with me.

    I did get to reminisce with Sherry when she visited Snow Country and we
    got to explore new sexual experiences together  and  with  my  neighbor
    Carol, but that's another story.

    J. D.

--
