                         Cowboys and Indians

                           by Chad Riever

                              Chapter 1


                          (As told by Chad)



Growing up on the farm could be lonely sometimes. I had no brothers or sisters,
and we lived 6 miles from town. And ever since my 12th birthday, I'd noticed
strange, new feelings I had never experianced before. I also felt I was growing
apart from my folks and from some of my friends. Lonliness was becoming a common
companion. But suddenly, during the summer of my 13th year, the loniness ended.

 Our house was just a few yards from the road. About a hundred yards behind it
was a wide canyon, heavily wooded and cradling the river at it's bottom. A
trailer that my family owned was at the foot of that canyon. Last May, a man
named Jeff rented the trailer. He attended college in town, but wanted to live
in the countryside. He also drove a new Jeep Comanche! I always played in the
canyon after school if the weather was warm. After Jeff moved in, I would see
him sometimes when he returned from town. He was always friendly, waving and
saying hello.

 The first time I saw him I just said "Hi" in response to his greeting. Then I
turned and moved quickly into the woods. Chris and Kelly, my only friends,
followed. They were twin brothers, who had just turned 12 years old, and were
about a year younger than me, and lived about 2 miles away from our house. I ran
sort of quickly because Jeff's appearance and greeting had stirred a strange
tingling feeling within me, one that I never experianced before. I neither
understood the feeling nor knew how to react--so I ran. Therafter, whenever I
saw Jeff, I felt really shy and had the same tingling feeling, starting in my
stomach and spreading throughout my body. But everytime he saw me, he would
wave and say "Hi." Gradually, my shyness began to fade. The tingly feeling
persisted, though, and grew stronger within me. Jeff was so friendly, so tall,
so strong!

 When school let out, I started going into the canyon everyday, waiting for
Jeff to return home. Chris and Kelly would come over sometimes to play "Cowboys
and Indians", but I was finding playing with them becoming less fun than before.
I was instead eager to see Jeff, and my stomach filled with "butterflies"
sometimes, as I thought about him and how tall and handsome he was, with his
black hair shining in the sun. Then the "butterflies" would swarm when Jeff
would arrive home and I would run over to his Jeep. We were becoming fast
friends, I hoped, and I felt like the luckiest 13-year-old boy in the world!

 "What do you boys play down here?" Jeff asked me one day. "Oh, Cowboys and
Indians, or Army, stuff like that." I was pretty sure he thought it was kid
stuff. "I noticed you and your friends seem to like to play in the woods a lot.
Well, maybe we could play together sometime, if you'd like." He flashed a big
smile, and my heart thumped rapidly. "Gee, that'd be cool!" I said with a wide
grin. Jeff was terrific! But then Mom called me to dinner. "See ya Jeff," I
said as I turned to go. "See ya Chad," he said back, as I left for home.

 Over the summer, Mom had let me grow my hair long, and it was almost to my
shoulders, although she sometimes made me sit while she trimmed my blonde bangs.
But that evening I surprised her by asking her to trim them. "Why Chad, you've
never asked for that before! I guess you're beginning to grow into a young man."
"I guess so," I said, nonchalantly. I was hoping to play "Cowboys and Indians"
with Jeff tommorrow, and I wanted to look my best. After all, a worrior should
have neatly-trimmed hair, shouldn't he?

 The next day was Saturday, so I went down to the canyon right after breakfast,
not even waiting for Chris and Kelly, hoping desperately that Jeff would be
there and wouldn't have to go to town. His Jeep was there! I hoisted my
backpack again, walked up to the door of his trailer and knocked. The door
opened, and Jeff gave me a big grin. "Hi Chad! Come on in." He held the door
for me as I stepped into his living room. As I brushed past him, I was still
feeling the nervous tension that the sound of his voice had sent through my
body and the hot blushes that his warm smile had swept across my face. "I was
just having some milk and a cinnamon roll," he said. "Want some?" "S-sure!" I
stammered as I followed him into the kitchen. He poured a second glass of milk,
put a roll on a plate, and handed them to me. I had to concentrate all my
senses to avoid spilling anything. Being so near Jeff and alone with him was
bringing my blood to a fever pitch! He picked up his glass and plate and
motioned me back to the living room. "Have a seat," he said as he sank into his
easy chair. I sat on the couch and set my stuff on the coffee table, then
slipped my backpack off and placed it to one side of the table. We ate hungrily.
I watched Jeff eat, smiling at him whenever he looked over at me. The strange
feelings that I had been experiancing lately were growing more intense than
ever before! The "butterflies" were a hot ache that gripped my whole body!

 Once finished, Jeff grabbed the plates and glasses, took them into the kitchen
and placed them in the sink, and returned immediately. "What do you keep in
your backpack?" Jeff asked. "Oh, I thought I would play 'Cowboys and Indians'
today, so I brought my Indian stuff." "Do you ussually play an Indian?" "Yea,
well, sometimes." "What Indian stuff do you have?" "Well, I got my tomahawk,"
I said as I pulled out the red rubber tomahawk I got for Christmas, "and I also
have my headdress, and here's my moccasins, and my loincloth." Jeff took the
stuff as I pulled them out and admired them all. "Did you make this loincloth
yourself?" he asked. "Yeah, I took one of Dad's old chamois cloths and a rawhide
thong that I found out in the barn. It was real easy," I said. I didn't mention
that the soft feel of the chamois against my skin made my stomach tingle and
made me feel warm all over, often making my prick hard. And now, the thought of
wearing only the loincloth in Jeff's presence was the most important thing in
the world! "You did a great job," he said. It was only 2 pieces of chamois with
a thong strung through so it would cover my front and back. I got the idea from
seeing Tarzan movies, but it also looked sort of like what Indians used to wear.
"Would you like to play with me today?" I blurted out, a small lump in my
throat. The lump quickly vanashed when he agreed! "Super!" I said. "I know a
great place in the woods!" "Let me get my boots," he said as he handed the
loincloth back and got up. I slipped my shoes and socks off while he disappeared
into the back of the trailer. I quickly stripped my T-shirt and jeans off,
slipped my moccasins on, and grabbed the loincloth. I hesitated, then dropped
it, pulled my underwear off, and slipped the loincloth on. The feathered
headdress topped off my costume. I piled my clothes neatly under the coffee
table, hefted my tomahawk, and stood anxiously, waiting for Jeff to return. The
soft chamois felt even softer than usual against my smooth, hairless skin. I
was trembling with anticipation, as I waited for Jeff.

 Jeff returned wearing his boots, tight jeans, and a western shirt. He was
carrying a cotton rope. "My lasso," he explained. "Are you ready?" "Sure!" Jeff
looked so handsome! I was beginning to feel flushed, and I felt my prick begin
to stiffen. I glanced down quickly, as if to look at my backpack. My hard-on
pushed out the chamois, but not much. Maybe he wouldn't notice. Jeff opened the
door and held it for me. I walked through and down 3 steps quickly. I broke
into a slow run, heading toward the woods. "Follow me!" I called back.



                                Chapter 2

                            (As told by Jeff)


 I watched Chad running across the clearing towards the woods. He was running in
his homemade Indian outfit. And I had been unable to tear my eyes away from his
young crotch when I returned to the living room. At first, I thought it was my
imagination, but as he went through the door, I could see that the front of his
loincloth was definitly tented out--he had a hard-on! A couple of weeks before,
when I first saw Chad, my cock went hard instantly. His long, blonde hair and
those sensuous lips framed the most perfect nose--he was beutiful beyond
compare! His body was slender but firm, showing that he played hard and was
very active. The way he said "Hi" when I waved to him sent a rush through my
body, and my cock throbbed. He disappeared into the woods, his 2 dark-haired
companions following him, and I moved quickly into the trailer. I moved over to
the window, peeking out to see if he might reemerge. I unfastened my jeans, and
opened them to relieve the pressure. He was nowhere to be seen, but the vision
of him lingered in my mind. As I massaged my cock, I fantasized about the
blonde lad, first without a shirt, then without jeans, and then without
underwear--walking around the clearing in all his naked glory. My lungs worked
harder as I pumped, and soon the orgasm broke. I shot streams of jism against
the wall below the window, bringing temporary relief from an encounter with a
gorgeous blonde boy!

 His asscheeks peeked provocatively from beneath the chamois as he sprinted away
from me. My cock was swelling. I quickly adjusted it through my jeans, and
started running after Chad. I wanted to catch up before he disappeared among
the trees. "Wait up!" I called. Chad paused at the edge of the woods, turning
and smiling provocatively at me. "Come on!" he urged me. "I know a great place,"
he said after I joined him. "Follow me!" I followed him at a walking pace into
the woods, unable to take my eyes off of his nearly naked body. The dappling
shadows that moved across his smooth skin transformed Chad into a wild young
savage, gliding silently through some primeval forest. We went about 20 yards
into the dense woods until we came to a small clearing. It was completely
surrounded by dense underbrush and trees, with a large oak tree standing in the
clearing apart from the others. "I cleared this myself," Chad said with pride.
"You did a great job," I said. "This is a terrific spot!" "Can you really lasso
something with that rope?" he asked. "Sure I can!" "Bet you can't lasso me!" he
dared, brandishing his tomahawk and grinning as if he knew something I didn't.
The peach fuzz on his cheeks glowed in the soft light that filtered through the
trees. I slung the loop and twirled it in the air. Chad backed away a bit and
moved to my left. I threw it and he tried to dodge, but too late. The loop fell
over his head and I pulled it gently so I caught him around his waist. "Yikes!
You got me!" he exclaimed in glee. He dropped his tomahawk and grabbed the rope
with both hands while I pulled him towards me. He giggled and struggled,
pulling against me with all his might. "You'll never take me prisoner!" he
exclaimed in excitement while giggling. I pulled harder, tightning the noose
around his waist. Then, hand over hand, I pulled him closer. He dug in his
heels, skidding against the grass and straining to free himself. I let up my
hold momentarily and Chad lost his balance, falling backward. I rushed him and
grabbed his hands, wrapping the loose end of the rope around his wrists,
pinning his body with my weight as I finished tying him. "You bastard!" he
yelped, "Let me go!" "You are my prisoner, Chief Red Hawk," I said. "The more
you fight it, the harder it will be on you. I am going to hold you prisoner
until you sign the peace treaty." I turned Chad around, and moved him towards
the oak tree in the clearing. His naked back was flawless, tanned boy skin,
covered by the lightest, finest blonde boy fuzz I had ever seen. To touch that
skin was luxurious pleasure! I could feel my hard cock oozing precum. I just
hoped it wouldn't soak through the denim; I didn't have shorts on underneath!

 "You better tie me up good," Chad warned. "If I get away, I'll bring my braves
back and we'll scalp you!" Yet in his defiance, he leaned back against the oak
tree, almost as if he welcomed the ties that would bind him to me. I passed the
free end of the rope around the tree several times and slipped it through the
loop that held Chad around his soft, smooth waist. I cinched the rope tightly,
rough cotton braids indenting his soft skin. His belly button caught my eye,
and I gazed at it several moments without moving before I finished cincing the
rope. "There," I said. "You are my prisoner." I placed my left hand behind his
neck, gently cradiling his head away from the bark of the tree. I brought my
face close to his. "Are you going to sign the peace treaty?" "Never!" Chad said
defiantly. But his body was flushed, and his voice was strangely quiet. The
rope dug into his hot flesh as he strained against the bonds. "Then I guess I
have to torture you!" I said. I placed my open mouth against his right hand,
which was trapped by the rope against his leg. My teeth dug gently into his
wrist. "I can take the pain," he sneered, writhing against the ropes and
pressing his wrist harder against my mouth. My tongue swabbed the boy's tasty
skin. I moved my mouth slowly up his inner forearm, sucking his tender flesh,
burrowing my mouth into the inside of his elbow. There I continued my tonguing
and sucking. A tremor swept through his body. "No, don't," he pleaded. He
writhed against the tree, twisting to force his arm against my ravishing tongue.
Encouraged, I moved up his arm to his shoulder and nibbled on it, working my way
over to his soft, slender throat. I pulled my head back and looked him in the
eyes. The 13-year-old boy had a trace of a dreamy smile as his eyelids dropped.
When he realized I was looking deep into his eyes, inches from his mouth, he
whispered, "No, don't kiss me! Please don't kiss me!" His lips were eager and
quivering, with his moist red tongue poised behind his gleaming white teeth. I
slipped an arm behind his shoulders and kissed him. Our tongues met and Chad
arched his young body against the rope, eager to merge with mine! My left
forearm rested behind his neck, and my right hand caressed his hot young body.
As our tongues battled and our lips writhed, I caressed his flat smooth chest,
gently feathering first one nipple and then the other. They were erect, and when
I moved my fingertips over them, Chad moaned and his young body shivered! Slowly
I moved my hand lower, first exploring his navel, massaging his soft flat
stomach, and then moving lower yet, searching for his hip bone. It jutted out,
a bony cradle for his soft stomach. I encountered the knot of his loincloth,
then swept down to his thigh, around to its smooth inner flesh, and slowly
upward, under the loincloth.

 Chad moaned more deeply as my fingers encountered the soft sack of precious boy
balls. The flesh beneath his scrotum was hard! I moved up and took his erection
between my fingers. Gently kneading it, I redoubled my tonguing of his hot,
moist mouth! Then I released his cock and felt for the knot that held his
loincloth in place. "No, no!" he hissed and moaned, as I slipped the knot and
pulled the loincloth away. I moved my mouth to the hollow of his throat, then
quickly down to lick his left nipple. My tongue was eager and demanding, and my
teeth softly nibbled at the erected flesh. "Ahhh! Ohhh!" Chad groaned with each
teething of his engorging flesh. I sucked the nipple hard, holding it tight as
I moved my head to pull the boy tit in circles. Then I moved my tongue to the
center of his chest and across to the right nipple. It stood erect in antici-
pation of the same treatment from my hot wet mouth. I spared no effort to assure
both nipples were equally aroused. Then I began to lick his navel, and my wet
tongue invaded his soft fleshy cavern with the tip. "Oh yes!" Chad breathed,
"Yes, yes, yes!" I cleasned his navel thoroughly, pushing in, then circling
around it, tonguing in wider circles, licking his entire stomach area, nibbling
on his soft, smooth flesh. Then I began to lick in narrowing circles, coming
again to the center of his frontal valley of tender, hairless skin. I brought my
hands down to cup his buttocks, as Chad thrust his saliva-coated stomach against
the rope to get the most contact he could with my hot, salivating mouth. As he
fell into a rhythmic thrusting, I surrendered his boy navel and moved down to
his erected boy-cock.

 I took his ivory shaft into my mouth and began tonguing it. His 4 1/2 inch
prick stood hard and proud, a promise of greater things to come! My lips pressed
hard against the base of his cock, feeling the smooth flesh of his pubes. They
were free of hair, but with his cock and balls grown this large, flecks of
blonde curls could not be long in coming! Chad was increasing the pace of his
thrusts, while I helped him along. I pulled his ass toward me as I sucked and
tongued his cock. My fingers gripped his fleshy buttocks harder, kneading his
butt, urging him onward! I pressed my face against his lower belly, as I took
his cock as far into my mouth as possible. His saliva-drenched stomach sucked
inward, as if to let my head merge with his nether regions! My tongue ravished
Chad's hard cock. His dick pulsated when I swept the tip of my tongue around its
base, where his foreskin should have been. Precum flowed from the tip, its
sweetness stimulating my salivary glands. My hot mouth grew moister as my saliva
mingled with his precum, creating a slippery chamber for Chad's cock to shed its
virginity! The boy quickened his thrusts as my tonguing grew more frantic. Then
I pulled my head away, putting my tongue to his snug sack of balls, bathing them
with the mixture of boy-precum and man-saliva that had built up in my mouth.
"Please, suck my cock again!" Chad moaned. "Not yet," I said stearnly."You
haven't agreed to sign the peace treaty!" I started licking his right thigh,
lapping at the smooth hairless flesh, lapping downward, nibbling on his right
knee. I then moved over to his left knee, licking it stearnly, them nibbling
upward, licking his left thigh upward. Once I reached his hip, I moved back up
to his navel, invading it once again, then going straight down to his balls once
again. I would not take his cock into my mouth again, instead I sucked those
lucious hairless balls, tormenting this virgin boy who was now transformed into
a young sex fiend. "Please! Suck my cock! I promise to sign the treaty! I will
smoke your peace pipe! Anything!" Chad was becoming delirious with passion that
demanded release. I took his cock into my mouth again and resumed my oral
ministrations. Chad moaned and writhed, straining against the rope, thrusting
his hips against my face. His precum flowed freely, his hard cock pulsed and
grew larger than it had ever been before! The boy was swept in a realm of
erotic delight he had never known. His thrusts quickened. His body quivered as
every muscle strained for that ultimate release. "Ohhh, noooo!" he cried, as his
cock hardened even more and sweet-salty boy-cum gushed into my mouth. He thrust
harder and faster against my head as his cock spurted again and again and again!
Time stopped as Chad emptied his first orgasm into my eager mouth. The waves of
ecstasy that engulfed his body mounted higher and higher, then began to ebb as
his cock spurted its last. Chad shuddered and collapsed against the tree, his
body spent, his spirit released. "Wow!" he exclaimed finally. "I never dreamed
anything like this could happen!" I swallowed his sweet load, looked up at his
beaming face, and smiled. "Yes, the first time is very special!" "I'm so glad it
was you," Chad said. "So am I," I assured him. I brought my mouth to his and we
kissed again. I winced as the raging erection in my jeans protested the shift of
my position. "What's wrong?" he asked as I pulled away. "I just have a problem.
I have to loosen my jeans." "Untie me so I can do it! Please!" he pleaded. "Ok,"
I responded.

 With the rope loose, Chad quickly undid my belt, opened my jeans, and eagerly
pulled them down. He stopped momentarily, perhaps surprised by finding no
underwear, but the quick smile that flashed across his face showed equal
surprise and joy at seeing the raging erection now open for his inspection.
"Wow!" he exclaimed, "You're beautiful!" "You're the one who's beautiful," I
assured him. Chad took my cock in both hands, slowly caressing it, feeling me
up, and touching the tip where precum was oozing. "What's this stuff?" he asked.
"It's precum. It's the stuff that helps lubricate. I tasted yours, and it was
really sweet!" "Really?" he asked. "Yeah!" Chad smeared the precum around the
head of my cock, then he put his finger to his tongue, tasting it. "It tastes
kinda salty. Mmm, good!" he exclaimed. I could hardly believe what was
happening. Chad stuck his tongue out and licked the head of my cock like an ice
cream cone! He continued licking, around the head, along the slit, and finally
up the front of the shaft, along the slit. He was a very oral boy! "Oh, that
feels so good!" I exclaimed as Chad took the head of my cock completely into his
mouth. His virgin tongue quickly went to work, trying to put into practice what
he had learned from me only moments ago. He was a quick study! Chad held the
shaft with one hand and let his other hand roam over my stomach, down to my
balls, which he caressed and fondled, eager to explore every inch of my body.
Then his hand moved on to my hip, much like I had done to him, and around to my
right asscheek. He pulled me toward him, encouraging me to thrust deeper into
his mouth. Gingerly, I pushed in several inches. I felt the back of his throat
against the head of my cock. Then I withdrew a few inches. I put both hands on
Chad's head, and let my fingers wander at will through his blonde hair. "That's
good! Keep sucking! KEEP SUCKING!" I urged him. He bobbed his head up and down
on my raging cock, tonguing the head and the length of the shaft eagerly. I felt
an orgasm begin to build in my groin. "Faster! Faster!" I pleaded. Chad eagerly
gave me his best, taking more of my cock into his mouth with each thrust. My
cock was now going deep into his throat with each thrust, then back almost
completely out of his mouth. Chad had begun to learn to control his gag reflex.
With each deep thrust, his throat reflexively sucked in my cock head, milking it
like a baby at his mother's breast! Then, on the back thrust, his lips and
tongue applied a second, even greater vacuum to urge forth my boiling seed! This
boy--a virgin only minutes before--was sending me into realms of ecstasy I had
never experianced before! The best blow job I had ever known was driving me to
the brink of orgasm and holding me prisoner there, unable to reach orgasm as he
paused, withdrawing his tongue, counting as my passion froze in time, desperate
for the next deep thrust. Then he would resume, building me again to the very
edge of passion gone wild! Finally, as his tongue hit my cock head with the
upward stroke of his mouth, I went over the top and my cum gushed into his eager
mouth. Chad eagerly sucked my hot jism, swallowing it as I filled his mouth. As
the last spasm of my body subsided, I opened my eyes again and looked down at
him. His blonde eyelashes were limp from beads of sweat that ran down his
forehead. He licked the last remnants of cum from my cock as I withdrew it from
his mouth. "You are wonderful!" I said. "You have made me feel so good!" "You
are wonderful too!" Chad responded eagerly. "I promised I would smoke your peace
pipe, now I'm ready to sign that Peace Treaty," he said shyly, "as long as it
means we can play 'Cowboys and Indians' everyday." "Of course we can!" I
exclaimed as he stood up. I took him into my arms. His kiss was especially
sweet, as the salty taste of my own cum mingled with the sweet aftertaste of his
fresh jism. We clung to one-another, letting the warm afterglow suffuse our
weary bodies as we sank into the grass--to rest, per chance to sleep.




                                Chapter 3

                            (As told by Chad)


 I guess I must've nodded off after we finished that first, fabulous suckfest.
I remember closing my eyes, then the next thing I know, Jeff is whispering, "Hey
Chad, wake up." I opened my eyes and saw his face close to mine. "Hi," I said. I
put my arms around his neck and lifted my mouth to his. We kissed. Our lips came
alive--exploring, embracing, enticing each other completely. Jeff probed my
mouth. I opened my lips wider, eager to accept his hot, wet mouth! Our tongues
met, slipped around one-another, and merged into a hot, maddening tangle. The
feel of Jeff's strong body holding mine, the taste of Jeff's spicy, slippery,
savage tongue, all promised new adventures ahead for us--and new life and love
such as I had never known!




                            (As told by Jeff)


 I slammed the economics book shut. I couldn't get Chad out of my mind! My
studies this weekend were getting nowhere. Chad had promised to return
tommorrow, and I found my cock going from semi-erect to fully erect then back to
semi-erect, never subsiding to its fully soft state. My mind raced through our
session this morning, then raced back through everytime that I had seen him. I
found myself thinking about his twin friends, imagining them naked, tied up in
the clearing with Chad. Frustrated, I glanced at the clock--almost 10:00 P.M. I
rose from my desk and headed for bed. A good night's sleep was in order.
Tomorrow would bring more hot times!

 Loud knocking on the front door roused me from a wild dream of nude boys,
running through my "Pleasure Dome", chasing other boys whose hands were tied
behind them. I rolled out of bed, grumbling, "I'm coming, I'm coming!" I peeked
out the bedroom window. I was instantly awake! Chad was standing at the door,
stunning in bluejeans, sneakers, and a red flannel shirt. I put on a bathrobe
(I felt shy, somehow, about the erection that was rising from my loins), and
went into the living room. I opended the door. Chad's beaming smile reflected my
own. "Hi!" he said. "Come in!" I responded, taking him by the arm and urging him
inside. "I'm glad you got here so early." "I could hardly sleep," Chad admitted
shyly. His eyes sparkled beneath his flashing eyelashes. I was drawn to those
eyes; they gave him an appealing, vunerable, almose feminine look. If eyes truly
are the windows of the soul, his soul had captivated mine! "Have you had
breakfast?" I asked. "Nope." "Let me fix us something," I replied. I was eager
to take care of Chad, to see that he was well fed, healthy, happy! "Do you think
we can play 'Cowboys and Indians' again today?" he asked. "Of course!" I said
with just a bit too much eagerness in my broad grin. "If you don't mind, I
invited Kelly and Chris over to play too," he said. "I didn't tell them that we
would be playing a whole different kind of game, but I thought it might be fun
with 4 of us," he explained. The look in his eyes--a mixture of eagerness to
please and uncertainy about what I might think--was probably the most appealing
look he had ever givin me. This blonde beauty so enchanted me I could deny him
nothing he might ask.

 I concentrated on the eggs I was breaking into the skillet, suppressing a
jealous impulse that emerged just from visualizing Chad "playing" with anyone
else. "Of course I don't mind. Do you think they would enjoy the games we played
yesterday?" I tried to sound nonchalant, but deep inside me jealousy battled
against my unbound lust. "I've never played that way with them. But I enjoyed it
more than anything else in the world. And I'm sure they will too!" he responded.
"Well, we'll see. Say, get the milk. These are almost ready." While we ate
breakfast, I couldn't take my eyes off of Chad except momentarily. His blonde
beauty was magnetic! He was at ease with me now, as his naturally good humor and
charm shone through, without restraints or hold-backs! Man, how I wanted to dive
into his being and lose myself in him forever! Chad finished his milk, washing
down the last of his eggs and toast. "Let me clear the table," he asked eagerly,
as he moved to make it so. "Ok," I said, and rose to move out of the way. We
brushed against one-another and my cock started rising. On impulse, I went
quickly into the living room, leaving Chad to put the dishes in the sink. I
reached behind the couch and pulled Chad's knapsack out (the one he left
yesterday with his Indian costume). I pulled the loincloth out, rolling it
around in my hand, and brought it to my nose, breathing in deeply the essence of
Chad's loins. I was going to go mad!

 His hand on my shoulder brought me back into "reality". "Jeff, will you rub my
back?" he asked quietly. I looked into his eyes, nodding and smiling. I put my
arm around his shoulders, and we went into the bedroom. "Wow!" Chad exclaimed.
He hadn't seen my bedroom before. I had painted it flat black and furnished it
optional accoutrements that tickled my fantasies. The 4-post bed was outfitted
with red satin ropes that hung from each post. The headboard was covered with
black leather, and a variety of leather straps, chains, and other sexual
paraphernalia were draped over it. I had collected these implements over the
past few years but used them only for decoration. "Go ahead," I said, "Lay down
and I'll rub your back." Chad laid face-down on the bed. He stretched slowly to
the limits of his reach, then relaxed, with his face buried in the down
comforter. I sat on the edge of the bed and slowly pushed the bottom of his
flannel shirt upward, exposing his smooth back. I ran my hands over his back,
marveling at the fair, velvet skin that lay at my command.

 As I carresed his back, Chad sighed, then reached out to grasp one of the satin
ropes. "This rope is the softest I have ever felt," he said. "Tie me, please?"
While Chad held onto the rope, I wrapped the loose end around his wrist and
secured it tightly. Then I tied his other hand, and cinched the ropes securely.
Chad tensed his shoulders, yet submitted, relaxing and sinking into the bed. I
ran my hands down his arms, then farther down his sides to the belt of his
jeans. I slipped both hands under his stomach and unbuckled his belt. His warm,
naked stomach pressed against my hands, and my hard cock jumped. I unfastened
the jeans, then eased the jeans over Chad's hips. I was expecting to grasp the
waistband of his underwear and pull them off with the jeans. The shorts were not
there! As I slipped the jeans down, my hands found only his naked flesh,
unfetted with underwear. My hands trembled slightly as they caressed his skin
and slowly slid his jeans down his smooth, hairless legs. As he laid on the bed,
on his stomach, his wrists and ankles tied with the soft ropes, his shirt pushed
up to his neck, his jeans pulled down to his knees, I mused about the missing
shorts. I looked closely, running my fingers lightly up and down the backs of
his naked thighs. He tensed and moaned as I did so, tightening the muscles in
his thighs as my fingers tickled his smooth legs. I began licking his tasty
legs, lapping and nibbling at the backs of his thighs. "Ummm," Chad moaned, as
I sucked and gently bit the soft skin of his legs, moving downward on one leg,
sucking at the back of his knee. I then moved over to the other leg, licking and
slurping at the back of the knee. "Ummm, ahhh!" Chad moaned. He was obviously
enjoying my oral attention on the backs of his legs. His legs closed from the
ropes around his ankles, Chad began to tighten his thigh muscles as my tongue
licked the backs of his thighs all over, covering them with my saliva. My tongue
began to work upward, making its way toward his naked behind. As I reached
Chad's butt, I stopped and admired his smooth, hairless asscheeks. Even the
cleft of his ass was entirely devoid of hair. He truely was a smooth boy! The
only hair he had was the long, blonde tresses that hung from his head, caressing
his shoulders at the nape of his neck. I then began to lick his smooth buttocks,
lapping at the soft flesh of his behind cheeks, covering them with saliva.
"Oooooooh! Ummmmmmm! Yessssssssss!" Chad moaned loudly, as he clentched his
asscheeks tightly closed, and pushing his young cock into the bed, as my tongue
worked overtime on his naked buttocks, licking and sucking at his asscheeks. As
I continued to lick away at his soft buns, Chad began to push his butt upward,
trying to get as much contact wiith my tongue and lips on his buttocks as much
as possible. Once his buttocks were completely licked clean, I stood up from the
bed and quickly stripped. Then I returned to the bound boy. I cupped his wet
asscheeks in my hands, massaging them hard, working my saliva into them, then
released them only to slap them gently. The sound of bare palms against bare
boy buttocks cracked loudly, breaking the quiet of the bedroom. "Uhhh!" he
grunted. Then he ground his cock into the bed and awaited my next move. I
massaged those buns again, harder and longer than before. Then I slapped them
harder, working up a pink glow on those firm, smooth asscheeks. "Uhhhhhhh," he
grunted a little louder. He pushed his cock into the bed even more. I then began
to spank Chad's bare buttocks, whacking his butt over and over again. "Uhhhhh!
Ooooooh! Sssssssst!" Chad moaned as my hand slapped his asscheeks again and
again, making his young buns wiggle slightly as my hand struck his soft, warm
flesh. He cletched his teeth and closed his butt tightly as my hand continued to
sting his buttocks, but he didn't say to stop. He instead just laid there and
willfully took the spanking like a man! I finally slowed down my slaps against
his butt, and finally stopped. "Mmmmmmmmm!" Chad moaned, as he began to relax
and loosen his buttocks. I then gently rubbed the cheeks of his butt, caressing
his smooth behind. Pulling apart his cheeks, I exposed his asshole--inviting in
its pink, hairless puckering. I slid my tongue up and down his asscrack, my
tongue teasing his anal opening as it passed. I lapped at his asshole, swabbing
my tongue around, then going deep into his asshole with my tongue. "Ahhhhhh!
Oooooooh! Yesssssssss" Chad moaned, and he pushed his butt back up at my face
buried deep within his ass, trying to meet my tongue-thrusts as it slid up his
hole deep. "It's time you lost your cherry!" I exclaimed, after pulling out of
his ass. Leaning back down, I dropped a fresh glob of spit onto his asshole.
Then I pushed my middle finger deep into his asshole. "Owww!" he winched. "It
hurts!" Chad strained against the ropes holding him down. "Just relax," I
reassured him. "The more you fight it, the more it will hurt!" Chad relaxed,
and I dug my finger deeper into his asshole, rotating and rubbing in preparation
for me. Withdrawing my finger, I slapped his boy butt harder than before, 3
times. His asscheeks were very warm and red. I climbed onto the bed, over his
legs, easing my hard cock into the crevace of his ass. Adjusting my cock head
against his puckered asshole, I lunged forward, impaling Chad with my rock-hard
prick. "Owwwww!" he cried, "Take it out!" I eased back, but I did not withdraw
completely. Then I lunged forward again, forcing all 6 inches up his ass.
"Ahhhh!" he cried again. Chad moaned, then began to whimper more quietly, then
was silent. I continued my thrusts, building the pace as my sexual drive kicked
into high gear. Chad's sphincter spasmed, then began to expand and contract with
each thrust and withdrawal I made. I was laying full length, covering his body.
I buried my face in his blonde hair, sucked the lobe of his right ear into my
mouth, and tongued it fevereshly as I thrust harder and deeper between the
mounds of boy flesh! The bound boy, pinned by my sex-crazed body, began to buck
my humping and thrusting. He moved his ass against every forward plunge I made.
Chad twisted his body, straining against the ropes. With my left hand I grasped
his head and forced it further to the right so that I could take his tongue
prisoner. Desperately, I sucked his hot mouth member into my own mouth, and held
it with my teeth. With my other hand, I reached under his boy breast, searching
for his left nipple. Finding it, hard and rigid, I grasped and twisted it.
"Yeeaaa," Chad gasped. I released his tongue and plunged my own into his mouth,
smothering any further outbursts. He eagerly took all I gave him, and ran his
own tongue over mine with abandon. As I rolled his nipple between my fingers, I
could feel it grow more rigid and flushed. I released it and seized the other
nipple, savagely squeezing it, twisting it, urging the hard, erect chest button
into fuller erection.

 Chad was mine! I brought both hands down his body to get greater leverage,
pulling him to me harder as I humped his glistening, smooth ass. I ducked my
head more, pressing my tongue deeper into his mouth, frantically searching that
hot, wet cavern for the unknown spark to trigger my orgasm. I reached down under
and grasped his hot balls in my left hand. I rolled them around, massaging them
gently, then harder. I took his steel shaft in my other hand, squeezing it hard,
holding it like a piston in the cylinder of my hand. The precum seeped from his
boy prick, lubricating his piston. My thrusts sent his prick through my hand
against the slippery spot on the sheets where the precum had soaked through. The
hot friction set up by that motion began shooting erotic thrills through Chad's
young, bound body. In a sudden consummation, Chad arched his back, thrust
against my hand, and shot cum in a series of accelerating humpings. His tongue
pushed past mine into my mouth, and his anal sphincter clamped down on my cock
as I pushed in and pulled back. In 3 violent thrusts, I began shooting my own
love juices into his anal canal.

 We convulsed madly as eternity was compressed into seconds. Then the madness of
our orgasms passed and we fell to earth. I released his mouth slowly. We gasped
and breathed hard to replenish our lungs. I released his balls, then his
softening cock, withdrawing my hands from beneath him. Slowly, I withdrew my own
cock from his ass, dripping cum onto Chad's buttocks. Getting to my knees, I
bent over and licked the cum off of his boy buns, then moved up and kissed the
back of his neck, slowly, passionately, taking the flesh between my teeth. A
shudder passed through Chad's body. "Take me again!" he pleaded. "Fuck me
again!" "Not right now," I said. I got up and began removing his bonds. "There
is lots of time for me to take you again. Right now, we both need a shower."
"Ok Jeff, whatever you say." As he rolled over, unbound, Chad looked more
beutiful than ever before. His body glowed, glistening with a sheet of sweat.
He slowly sat up and reached for me. I took him in my arms and we hugged as if
we had not seen each other in months! "I love you Chad!" "I love you to9º∞Å)ïôòÑà4(4(