Archive-name: Bondage/jeni28.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Jeni's Story: She works hard for the money


Chapter Twenty Eight

   Jeni wasn't certain what to do.  She wanted to prove to Nicky she
would do anything he wanted.  But the old guy looked as if he hadn't
bathed in a year.  Could she do something like that with a total
stranger?  With Nicky, no problem.  Even with that guy, Paul, at the
club last night.  He wouldn't be too bad.  But this old man?
   "Go on, call him over.  Let him see your tits."
   Jeni didn't dare hesitate any longer.  "Hey mister, come here a
minute, will you?"
  The old guy, seeing Jeni naked in the window, ran over to the car. 
The smell of him was overpowering, she nearly choked.  "You wanted me,
miss?"
   Jeni looked back at Nicky, only to see him coldly watching her. 
"Sure do.  I thought you might like to fuck me."
   "Shit, lady.  I ain't never had an offer like that.  I dunno, what
with your boyfriend sitting there.  Somehow it don't seem right."
   Nicky spoke.  "Don't worry about me.  The little lady is feeling
awfully horny right now, and I'm kind of tired out.  If you have the
money, you can climb right in the back seat there with her, and enjoy
yourself."
   "Money?  You got to be crazy if you think I have enough money to
afford anything as sweet as her."
   "How much you got?" Nicky asked.  The old guy looked around to see
if anyone was watching them.  "Well, I do have some money.  About
twenty and change."
   "Too bad.  She costs a hell of a lot more than that.  But tell you
what.  For twenty, she'll play with your cock while she finger-fucks
herself.  What do you say?"
   The old guy looked uncertain until Nicky added, "And you can feel
her tits all you want, while she's doing you.  So what do you say?"
   The guy couldn't pull his money out fast enough.  Throwing a twenty
on the front seat near Nicky, he reached into the car and grabbed at
Jeni's breasts.  Jeni was revolted by his touch and nearly pulled away.
   Nicky whispered to her, "Remember, the other person, not yourself."
   Jeni timidly reached her hand out the car window and started to
massage the man's penis through his filthy pants.  She felt him get
hard almost immediately.  She placed her other hand on her vagina and
started to play with herself.
   The old man started moaning, and rubbed his crotch harder against
her hand.  His hands pulled and squeezed her breasts until she thought
she would scream with the pain.
   "Let him know how much pleasure you're getting, baby.  Tell him how
good it feels.  Tell him how you wish you had his hard hot cock buried
deep in your wet cunt.  Go on, talk to him, baby," Nicky whispered to
her.
   Jeni realized what Nicky was asking her to do.  She started talking
to the old guy, telling him how she just wished she could feel his cock
in her,  How she wanted to suck it and then shove it, all hard and wet,
deep in her burning slit.  How the thought of his cock just made her so
hot.  Could he smell her cum?  She could, and it only made her want him
more.
   Jeni refused to think about what she was doing.  She knew if she
did, she would scream, or be sick.  But she had asked Nicky to do this,
and she would show him that she could.  There was no way that she would
allow herself to think about how sick this was.
   She inserted her finger deep in her vagina.  Remembering how Paul
had reacted at the club the night before, she didn't feel quite as bad
doing it here and now.  It was Paul's face she saw as she began to
talk.
   "Oh god, that feels good.  Like a big hard cock, deep inside me.  I
can feel my cunt getting wet.  I wish I had a big cock instead.  One
like yours, that would go in and out, spreading tight my hot wet cunt. 
I want your cock to fuck me, and make me cum."
   The old guy stood there staring at Jeni as she continued to finger
herself.  She was rubbing his crotch real hard and he had to lean
against the car to stay upright.
   "Okay, that's enough," said Nicky.
   "But you can't stop now, I'm almost there," the old guy cried.
   "Sorry about that pal, but again, you got what you paid for."
   "But please, you can't leave me like this.  Look I have this watch. 
It's real gold.  Gotta be worth a couple hundred.  Just let her finish
me off with her hands, please?"
   Nicky reached over and took the watch.  He turned it over and then
threw it on the front seat.  "Give me the rest of the money."
   The old guy threw what little money he had left onto the front seat. 
Nicky turned to Jeni and said, "Unzip him and finish him off.  And be
quick about it, we don't have all day."
   Jeni unzipped the guy's pants.  She reached in and found the hard
cock.  She didn't really have much room to play with it through his
clothes, but she did the best she could.
   The old guy seemed to turn red in the face and let out a soft moan
as he came.  His hot cum covered Jeni's hand as she continued to pump
him hard.  The fellow sank to his knees, and she heard him say, "Oh
thank you, thank you."
   Nicky started the car, and pulled away from the curb.  Jeni still
couldn't let herself think about what she had just done.  She grabbed
her clothes and climbed into the front seat.  She started rummaging
through the glove compartment.
   "What are you looking for?" asked Nicky.
   "A kleenex, or rag.  Something.  My hand is covered in his cum."
   "Lick it off."
   Jeni turned in horror to stare at Nicky.  She hadn't really heard
him say that, did she?
   "Lick it!" he ordered
   Her eyes locked on his in the rear-view mirror as she slowly brought
her hand to her mouth.  Her tongue slipped from her mouth, and started
to lick it.
   "Just think it's mine.  Like yesterday, suck it all off.  I want to
hear how it turns you on.  I want to hear how excited you feel as you
suck my cum off your hand."
   Jeni could no longer look Nicky in the eyes.  She closed hers and
continued to lick the sticky, foul tasting stuff from her hand.
   "I don't hear anything.  You are excited, aren't you?"
   Jeni started talking.  "God, I love this stuff.  To think it came
from your hard hot cock.  It tastes so good and makes me feel so sexy. 
I wish you had cum all over me.  All over my face.  I wish you had just
cum and cum, so I could live off this sweet stuff forever.  God, it
turns me to jelly, thinking about your hard cock.  Wanting it deep
inside my burning cunt."  At last she was done.
   "You did pretty good, there.  And we made a few bucks besides.  I
should be able to get at least seventy-five, maybe a hundred, for the
watch.  All in all, not a bad afternoon."
   Jeni didn't know what to say, so sat there silent.
   "Hey, you okay?  You're not going to be sick, or anything like that,
are you?"
   "No, I'm okay, I guess.  It's just that I feel so dirty."
   "There you go again.  Always thinking about how you feel.  The hell
with what I'm feeling right now.  Fuck, you never change, do you?  I
don't know why I put up with your shit all the time."
   "Maybe I am selfish at times," Jeni replied, feeling angry.  "But
what could you possibly be feeling right now, that would make me feel
better about what I did?  I didn't do it because I liked what I did.  I
did it for you.  I have a right to feel lousy about myself, if I want."
   "You can feel anything you want.  You only ever worry about your
feelings anyways.  The fact that I am sitting here, totally turned on. 
Wanting to fuck the living shit out of you.  That doesn't matter a
fuck.  No, we just worry about little miss fuck-up, don't we."
   "You're tuned on by what I did?  How could you?  That's sick."
   "Sick?  What the fuck are you talking about.  How else should I
feel.  I just sat there and watched you show how much you really love
me.  To have done what you did, simply because I wanted you to."
   "Of course, I'm horny as hell.  Knowing if you did that, there's
nothing you wouldn't do.  And all because you love me so much.  I'm a
really lucky guy.  I just wish you would realize what you mean to me. 
You may not like what I ask you to do, but you do it simply because you
love me.  I can't think of anything that can be more meaningful than
that."
   Jeni felt her heart swell.  She did love Nicky, and now she was sure
he realized it.  She knew what she had done was worth it, if it proved
her love for Nicky.  And he was right, there was nothing she wouldn't
do for him to prove it again.
   "The only thing that would be a greater turn on than that, would be
if you liked it.  Liked doing it because you knew I get turned on by
seeing you do it.  No matter how low, degrading or disgusting.  Knowing
that you really wanted to show me how much love you really had for me. 
You enjoying it because you knew that it made me feel good, and that
you felt good about that.
   "I don't know, Nicky.  I know I'll do whatever you want, whenever
you want me to.  I do love you.  And I am ready to prove it a thousand
times.  But to like doing something like that.  I ain't sure I can. 
But I'll try, really I will."
   "I guess I'll have to settle for that for now.  I'll just have to
have some patience with you.  Maybe I was wrong.  Maybe you really do
love me after all.  Maybe it's just you don't know how to express it
fully yet."
   Jeni felt her heart expand.  It was with real disappointment, when
she realized they had arrived at the club.  She didn't want Nicky to
leave her now.  She just wanted to stay with him and share her feelings
with him.  She put her clothes back on.
   "Nicky, do you really have to leave now?  Maybe we can go somewhere,
just the two of us?  I could take care of that lump in your pants."
   "Hey, come on, you've got work to do, remember?  I still need the
money.  Matter of fact, I was wondering if there was something that you
could do to increase the amount you've been taking in."
   "Well, I did as much as I could last night.  I'll just have to
hustle harder tonight."
   "I guess if that's the best you can do, I can't really ask much
more, now can I?  Just that I was hoping that you would be bringing in
more.  It means that you'll have to work a bit longer at the club than
we originally planned."
   "Well maybe there is something I could do."
   "Yeah, and what's that?  I don't want you doing something that makes
you feel bad.  I can wait."
   "I could work the back wall, like the other girls do."
   "You mean the touch and feel routine?  I couldn't ask you to do
that."
   "But I want to, Nicky.  It would be for you.  Like what I did with
that old guy.  It won't be that bad, I'm sure.  And I would be doing it
for you."
   "Well if you really mean it.  Oh Jeni, I would be lost without you. 
Come on, I want to check in, and see how Laurie is doing."

--
