Archive-name: Bondage/jeni31.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Jeni's Story: She works hard for the money


Chapter Thirty One

   At last finished eating, she and Nicky said good night to Harry, and
left.  They drove back to his apartment.  Once in the apartment, Jeni
threw herself at Nicky.  She couldn't get enough body contact with him
as she tried to take off both their clothes at the same time.
   Nicky did nothing to help her, but rather just stood there as she
became frustrated.  At last realizing that she was getting no where,
she let go of him.  He looked at her and laughed.
   "Now that you've got that out of your system, why don't you go
shower and get out of those clothes.  I want to straighten the bedroom
up a bit first.  Can't have it looking a mess for our big night." 
   Jeni felt kind of foolish.  Of course, she should have realized that
Nicky would want to do it right.  She gave him a quick peck on the
cheek, and rushed off to the bathroom.  Stripping off her clothes, she
jumped into the shower.  The heat of the water only seemed to make her
more aware of the heat building between her legs.
    She had no idea of time, but suddenly she felt hands on her back. 
Turning around, she saw that Nicky, naked, had entered the shower with
her.  She reached down and took hold of his harden penis.  Sinking to
her knees, she wrapped her lips around the shaft and sucked hard.
   Nicky gently pulled her to her feet.  "Hold on sweet thing.  It
ain't me that we need to work on.  This being your first time, we have
to make sure that you're really ready.  I hate thinking about the pain
you'll be experiencing.  But if we can get you hot enough, maybe it
won't be too bad.  And besides, there is only so much a man can take,
and still be ready at the important moment.  Let me finish getting
washed, and we can dry one another off.  Okay?"
   Jeni reluctantly agreed, and had to satisfy herself watching him
wash.  The moment he turned off the water, she attacked him with a bath
towel.  They wrestled with each other as they tried to dry each other
off.  Nicky, being stronger, was able to take the towel away from her. 
Twisting it, he snapped it at her butt.
   "Ouch!  That hurts," she cried out.
   "Get that sexy ass into my bedroom, woman.  I want you primed and
ready.  The time has come for you to learn who your master is.  Now
move it."
   He tried again to snap the towel at her, but she was prepared this
time, and ran from the room.  He chased her about the apartment, the
two of them laughing.  He managed to trap her between the stove and the
fridge, and got in a good swat.
   She ducked under his arm, and ran into the living room.  He
followed, roaring, "I want that ass.  Where is that sexy ass?"
   She raced into the bedroom, jumped onto the bed and hid under the
covers.  He tore them off, throwing them into a corner.  Jeni was
laughing so hard, she was having trouble catching her breath.
   He lifted her off the bed.  He carried her over to his dresser, and
sat her down.  Jeni looked at him, not quite knowing what to expect.
   "I wonder if you would do me a favor?" he asked.  "Could you put on
some make-up?  You know, like that first day I took you to the club. 
Like going to Harry's tonight, it would really make this something
extra special."
   Jeni hadn't realized that he was such a romantic.  She readily
agreed, and started to put it on.  She vaguely remembered Laurie saying
he liked his women to look like whores, so she really put it on heavy.
   "I see you learned a trick or two from Laurie, too," was his comment
when she turned to show him what she had done.  "It looks great," he
said as he laid down on the bed.  "Now I want you to dance for me. 
Like that one you did at the club tonight, but this time it's just for
me."
   Jeni was more than happy to do that for him.  She tried to make it
as sexy as she could.  She was rewarded for her efforts as she watched
Nicky's penis grow hard and erect.  For some reason, her touching her
own body seemed to arouse her more here, alone with Nicky, then it did
when she did the same thing at the club.
   She wasn't sure how much more of this she could take.  She danced
over to the side of the bed.  She reached out to caress his erect
shaft.  Again, she was rewarded by the sharp intake of breath he made.
   He drew her down upon the bed.  He lowered her head until her lips
were almost touching his penis.  "Suck me," was all he said.
   Jeni threw herself into sucking his cock.  She remembered all too
well his criticism of her previous attempts.  She was determined that
this time she was going to do him right.  Her hands and mouth smothered
his shaft.  She drew his balls into her mouth, and gently sucked them. 
Her hands squeezed tightly around his shaft as her mouth moved rapidly
up and down its length.
   He guided one of her hands until she was stroking the tender skin
just behind his balls.  Using just her fingertips, she gently pressed
against the area.  His reaction surprised her.  She continued to stoke
that area as her other hand and mouth continued their attack on his
shaft.  
  She could almost see his balls contract as his shaft seemed to swell
even larger.  He let out a moan as he grabbed her head and forced his
shaft deeper into her mouth.  Jeni thought she was going to choke, but
somehow she managed to continue swallowing it.
   His entire body seemed to go rigid as he came.  She swallowed hard
in an attempt to take his full load.  Her hand continued to press
against the area behind his balls as Nicky continued to moan in
release.
   She couldn't believe that one man could have that much cum in him. 
She didn't want to lose a drop of it as she continued to suck on his
shaft and swallow its eruption.  Nicky released her head, and his penis
went limp but she refused to stop.
   "Enough.  Please Jeni, I can't take any more.  There's nothing left. 
Ease up a bit, you're hurting me."
   Reluctantly, she let go of his now flaccid penis.  Loudly licking
her lips, she crawled up the bed until she was face to face with him. 
He caught one of her breasts.  She was forced to move higher as he
pulled it to his mouth.
   His teeth took small nips, as his hand squeezed the firm flesh. 
Jeni pressed her breast hard against his mouth, which opened wide in
response.  Sucking as much of the hard flesh in as he could, his hand
moved to the other breast, teasing and pulling at the nipple.
   He grabbed her hips, and lifted her so she straddled his stomach. 
His mouth continued its attack on her breasts as his hands explored the
firmness of her neck and back.
   Jeni could feel the heat building in her.  She rained kisses upon
his head as her hands stroked his face.  Nicky grabbed hold of her
buttocks and pulled upward.  Jeni was forced again to move higher along
his body.
   His tongue left a trail of burning heat as it made a slow journey
down her front.  It finally came to rest where she had hoped it would. 
First with light, almost feathery licks, and then with stronger broader
movements, his tongue caressed her burning vagina.
   Jeni soon felt the wave begin to build deep down inside.  She
pressed her hips down on his face as she tried to center the contact. 
But Nicky would have none of that.  He moved further downwards, leaving
her vagina to lick and nip the tender flesh of her inner thighs.
   His hands stroked her buttocks and legs, his fingers teasing the now
hot silky skin.  His mouth returned to her box as it zeroed in on her
clitoris.  Holding it firmly with his lips, his tongue lashed against
it, sending shudders up and down her spine.
   Nicky twisted beneath her, causing her to fall sideways.  He
immediately covered her body with his, and started again to lavish
attention on her breasts.
   He took a moment to move upward, and crushed her mouth with his. 
She returned his force, poking her tongue deep in his mouth.  Their
tongues performed a dance all their own as Nicky's hands returned to
her breasts.
   Several times, Jeni felt the wave start to crest, but each time
Nicky changed the position of his attack on her body, it would recede. 
They continued in this manner for what seemed like forever.  Jeni was
nearly in tears with frustration.  She noticed that Nicky's penis was
again fully erect.  It was not as long as before.  But what it had lost
in length, it gained in width.
   Her hands tried to grab it, but Nicky would only twist this way or
that, making it impossible for her.  He again moved down her body,
sucking and licking the sweet flesh in his path.  Finally arriving at
her now soaking vagina, he, ever so lightly, kissed and licked her
rigid clitoris.
   He pushed one finger into her vaginal opening, and Jeni thought she
would die from the pure shock of pleasure that seemed to radiate from
her nipples to her clitoris.  Her body dripped with sweat, her
breathing was hard and ragged.  Her senses seemed to reel as if from a
blow.  Her entire world had narrowed to wherever Nicky's body touched
hers.
   She could no longer move, no longer think or see.  She beat upon the
bed in an attempt to release some of the nervous energy that seemed to
build and build, threatening to cause her to explode.  Her legs
thrashed wildly as her hips lurched up from the bed in an attempt to
increase the pressure of Nicky's mouth and hand.
   The steady motion of Nicky's touch seemed to fuel the wave as it
again built up under enormous pressure.  Just when she was sure that
this time would be it, he faltered, changing the tempo.
   She cried out in total physical frustration.  Again and again he did
the same thing.  Her body burned, the feelings bordering on pain now. 
She had to do something if she wasn't to lose her mind.
   Never had she known it could be this intense.  Never in her wildest
imaginings, would she have thought that so much feeling could be so
painful, and yet at the same time, so pleasurable.
   Lost within the bombardment of her senses, it took a moment for her
to realize that Nicky was no longer between her legs.  Looking around
in panic, she saw him lying there next to her, his penis even larger
than before.
   "Please Nicky, don't stop like that."
   "It's time, sweetheart.  But I can't do it for you.  You have to do
it yourself.  Take your time.  Come, straddle me, and lower yourself on
to it.  When you're ready, do it.  The pain shouldn't be too bad.  Your
nerve endings should be pretty saturated by now.  I've tried to get you
as far a long as I could.  But it's now up to you."
   Jeni eagerly climbed upon his thighs, positioning herself over his
erect shaft.  Bringing its tip to her opening, she slowly allowed
herself to settle upon it.  She felt a resistance, refusing his shaft
full entry.
   His hand reached between them, and stroked her clitoris.  Again tiny
shocks spread through her at the touch.  She raised and lowered herself
slowly, the pressure of the head, as it entered and withdrew, added to
her growing excitement.  Drawing a deep breath, she slammed down hard
upon his erect shaft.
   The pain flared in her as she felt the proof of her virginity rip. 
Her breath caught in her throat, and she dared not move.  His hand
never left her clitoris, and his other hand went to her breast.
   Slowly, the pain diminished, and she gained enough courage to move. 
Up she drew herself, fearful of the expectant pain.  While there was a
sharp ache, it wasn't anything that she couldn't take.
   Soon his attention to her clit and breasts, and the resultant
pleasure, overshadowed the pain.  Moving slowly, she raised and lowered
herself, taking him each time deeper between her legs.
   She was no longer aware of the pain, only the sensation that seemed
to grow inside her.  More rapidly she moved, plunging up and down. 
Raising herself until only the tip of his gland was between her vaginal
lips, then dropping down hard and fast until he was fully inserted deep
within her.
   This time it felt as if the wave started down around her toes.  She
moved faster.  She couldn't have stopped if she had wanted to. 
Stopping was the furthest thing from her mind now.
   Nicky moved them until she was under him.  He settled into a rapid
tempo, moving his shaft in and out of her now burning cunt.  She raised
her knees until they were almost at shoulder level and wrapped her legs
around his back.  She thought she could feel him all the way up in her
stomach, and bit down hard on her hand to stop from screaming.
   His mouth sought hers, and they kissed as deeply as his shaft
penetrated her vagina.  Jeni felt the wave building higher and higher
until it finally peaked and swept over her entire being.  Spasm after
spasm racked her body, her abdominal muscles squeezing hard on his
shaft.
   She could no longer contain herself, and let out a terrible scream. 
Again and again, the wave passed through her.  She thought that she
would pass out, but the sensation was simply too intense.  She couldn't
escape from it.
   Not that she wanted to.  The feelings that tore through her body
were like none she had ever experienced before.  Amazed, she could feel
another set of waves building and then breaking across her senses. 
Twice, three times, they came and went.  Her entire universe centered
deep within her vaginal cavity.  She swore she could feel Nicky's cock
strike bottom each time he plunged downward.
   She felt his body stiffen as he increased the already hectic tempo
he had set.  Once again, the wave was nearing its peak.  She stretched
as far as she could until her hand again found that tender spot just
behind his balls.  He let out with a loud moan as she stroked and
pressed the area.  His body arched, and made one final plunge.
   She, too, crested at that moment, and their two bodies moved in
frantic motion as they tried to squeeze out every ounce of their final
climax.  The movement slowed, as they ran out of steam, until, finally,
they lay totally still.
   Jeni couldn't have moved if she wanted to.  All energy had fled her
now limp body.  She hugged Nicky as he slid from between her legs, to
lie exhausted at her side.
   "Like I said," he whispered, "sexiest ass in town."
   Jeni soon heard snores coming from him.  She pressed her sore body
tight against his and followed him into dreamland.

--
