Archive-name: Bondage/jeni29.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Jeni's Story: She works hard for the money


Chapter Twenty Nine

   Nicky left the car and headed to the club.  Jeni gathered up her
stuff and ran after him.  They entered the club, to find it empty of
customers.  Jeni looked at the clock behind the bar and saw that they
were early.  Betsey was behind the bar, cleaning glasses.  Mixer was
sitting with Cheryl and Laurie at one of the tables.
   Saying hello to Betsey, Nicky made a beeline to where the others
sat.  Jeni had to run to keep up.
   "Hey gang.  How's everyone today?" Nicky greeted the group.
   "Fucken-A man," was Mixer's reply.
   "You're in an awfully good mood.  I guess Laurie took real good care
of you last night?"
   "Fuck Laurie.  It was Cheryl.  If I had known you had her tucked
away like that, I'd . . ."
   "Cheryl?  She ain't one of mine.  What the fuck are you talking
about?"
   "She ain't?  But Laurie said . . ."
   "Er . . . Nicky, I can explain.  Sort of," Laurie volunteered.
   "Anytime you feel like it, sweetheart, just jump in here and
enlighten us," said Nicky, his voice dripping with forced sweetness.
   "Well you see, I kinda recruited her last night and . . ."
   "I think we need to handle this shit behind closed doors.  You don't
mind if we use the office, do you, Mixer?"
   "Me?  It's okay with me.  I wouldn't mind tagging along though."
   "Please join us.  I want to hear your part in all of this too.  And
Jeni, I think you might learn something, so I think you better come
along too."
   "What about me," asked Cheryl, timidly.
   Nicky looked at her.  "Seeing as you work for me now, or so I'm led
to believe, you can come too."
   Nicky turned and made for the office.  Jeni followed right behind
him.  Entering the office, he sat on the edge of the desk.  Mixer
entered, and sat on one of the chairs against the side wall.  Nicky
motioned Jeni to stand by his side.  When she did, he wrapped an arm
around her, giving her a gentle squeeze.  Jeni could feel the tension
in his body, and was frightened.
   She was sure she hadn't done anything wrong in all of this, except
for maybe not telling him about it.  But still she had seen him when he
was mad, and she definitely didn't want to be on the receiving end
again.
   Laurie and Cheryl entered the office at the same time.  Nicky
motioned Cheryl to sit by Mixer.  He told Laurie to shut the door. 
After she did, he motioned her to come to where he and Jeni were.
   "Look, Nicky.  You don't have to get all upset.  I did pretty good. 
Hell, wait 'til you see the money we made last night.  You're gonna . .
."
   As Laurie came near, Nicky slapped her hard across the face.  The
force of the blow knocked her to the floor.  "Get off your fucking ass,
and come here," he ordered in a quiet voice.  His arm squeezed hard
around Jeni's shoulders, but she dared not say anything.
   Laurie picked herself up, and slowly approached Nicky again.  Nicky
sat there looking calm and collected.  But again as Laurie came into
reach, his hand shot out and caught her across the mouth.  Again,
Laurie fell to the floor.
   "Who the fuck do you think you are?  What gave you the right to
recruit anyone?  I do the recruiting around here.  Now, tell me the
whole story.  And if you lie, I'll make sure you can't do anything for
an awfully long time.  Now talk, you fucking bitch!"  Nicky reached
down, and grabbing Laurie by her hair, pulled her into a standing
position.
   "Please Nicky, I only did it for you."
   Nicky gave her hair a vicious twist, and speaking in an almost
whisper, said, "Lie to me again, and I'll take a fucking blow torch,
and cram it up your fucking cunt, flame and all."
   "Please Nicky, I'm telling you the truth.  I knew you needed money
bad.  And seeing as I was out of commission, and little Miss Virgin
over there, was only bringing in spare change, I figured you could use
the extra money."
   "Okay, I'll let that pass for now.  Tell me how it was that she
spent the night with Mixer, and not you."
   "But I did spend the night at his place."
   "That ain't what I meant, and you know it."
   "Well, I thought it would be a good break-in session for her, and .
. ."
   Nicky gave her hair another yank.  "You really want to get me angry,
don't you?"
   "No, Nicky, please.  It was just that she was more than willing to
take him on.  And he seemed to want her more than me.  So I figured,
what the hell."
   Nicky looked to Mixer for confirmation.  "She's telling it like it
is.  I already knew what she was like.  But I never tried Cheryl here. 
And I couldn't believe it when she practically begged me to do her
again.  Hell, I ain't ever known a woman that could take my kind of
loving and beg for more.  All Laurie ever did was cry and beg me to
stop.  After awhile, that can take all the fucking fun out of it."
   Laurie looked quite relieved once Mixer backed up her story.  Nicky
smiled and said,"Well, that was your second strike."
   "But you heard him, Nicky.  They wanted each other.  I was like the
odd man out."
   "But you didn't do what I told you to do.  That was your second
mistake.  The first was recruiting her without my knowledge.  But don't
let me stop you from digging your grave deeper.  Tell me how you
managed to get her to do all this.  And where is this fucking money you
mentioned."
   Laurie quickly reached into her waistband and brought out a thick
roll of bills.  "Here, look.  It's all there, I swear.  Almost six
hundred.  Not bad for a single night, huh?"
   Nicky took the money, and counted it.  He handed it to Jeni, and
asked, "And what did she do for all that?"
   "Well, I had her work the back room.  I drummed up business, and
sent it back to her.  Mostly blow jobs.  But several paid for a quicky. 
The rest of the money is her drink, tips and dance money from last
night."
   "You took all her money?  Now, why would she give it to you?  I
suspect that you're not telling me everything."
   "Well, it all started when she got the hots for Jeni there.  Seems
she offered to pay, if Jeni went down on her."
   Nicky turned to Jeni and asked, "That true?  And did you?"  Jeni
answered yes.
   "And did she pay you?"  Again Jeni shook her head yes.
   "How much?"
   "A hundred.  Actually, she paid Laurie a hundred, and Laurie gave me
fifty."
   "And what happened to that fifty?"
   "It was part of the money I gave you this afternoon."
   "I thought you said you couldn't sell yourself?" he asked.
   Jeni cringed under his hard stare.  "I only did it to help Laurie. 
I didn't mean to cheat on you."
   "Did you enjoy it?  Did it turn you on?"
   "No.  It didn't turn me on.  Actually, I was afraid.  But . . ."
   Turning to Cheryl, he asked, "Was she any good?"
   "God, yes," Cheryl answered.  "Even if I did pay more than the going
rate, she was well worth it."
   "Good girl." he said to Jeni, as he kissed her cheek.  "You might
just work out okay.  And you didn't try to cheat me out of my money. 
Unlike some other bitch.  But why did she pay Laurie and not you?"
   "Well, I guess because Laurie arranged it.  Laurie told me how it
would really help you, and as I had already done her, it wouldn't be
anything different.  I didn't mean to do anything wrong, really I
didn't."
   "Hey, it's okay.  I'm not mad at you.  Actually I'm kind of pleased
that you'd do that for me.  And here I was thinking how selfish you
were.  I guess I may have been wrong about you, after all."
   Jeni felt pleased at his praise.  She knew she had made Nicky happy. 
And she felt happy because of it.
   Turning to Laurie, Nicky asked, "So how did her having the hots for
Jeni here, get her to whore for you?"
   "Well you have to understand her situation."
   "Try me."
   "You see, she has this butch girlfriend that is the real jealous
type.  And she can be one mean bitch too when the mood strikes her.  I
knew if the girlfriend found out about Cheryl and Jeni, that Cheryl was
in for some serious trouble."
   "And how would she have found out?"
   "Well, while the two of them were going at it in the back room, I
kinda took a picture."
   "So you were blackmailing her?  That was your third strike.  I never
force anyone to do anything that they don't want to."
   "Like hell you don't.  I never wanted to spend the night with Mixer,
but you forced me."
   "I forced you?  How did I force you?  You know you can leave anytime
you want."
   "Yeah right.  And where would I go?"
   "Hey, that ain't my problem.  Our agreement is as long as you stay,
you do what I say.  If you can't, you leave.  No one will stop you."
   "Okay, maybe you didn't force me.  But you really didn't give me
much choice in the matter."
   "The only choice you have is to do what I say, when I say, or get
your fucking ass out of here.  And I think you better think real hard
on that decision.  You can leave now.  But if you stay, I promise you,
you won't ever pull shit like that again."
   "But Nicky . . ."
   "Fuck the buts.  I want to know.  Are you leaving or staying?"
   "Please Nicky, I didn't . . ."
   "Leave or stay.  What's your answer?"
   "I want to stay."
   "Despite what I do to you, or have you do?"
   "Yes Nicky, whatever you want."
   "What I want is not the question here."
   "Okay, I want to stay.  I don't care what you do, or what I have to
do."
   "I want you to leave."
   Laurie stood there as if Nicky had again slapped her across the
face.  "You can't do that.  Oh, please Nicky, don't make me leave. 
I'll do what you want.  Please Nicky.  I need you.  I have no place
else to go."
   "You should have thought about that before you tried to screw me.  I
have no need for a slut like you."
   "Please Nicky.  Whatever you want.  I'll never cheat on you again. 
I promise."
   "Just get the fuck out of my sight.  I still haven't decided you can
stay.  Go back into the club.  Wait there until I call you."
   Laurie left the room.  Nicky watched her go.  Jeni felt sorry for
her.  True, she had done wrong, but still.  She was about to say
something when Nicky said, "Not now.  You're still in my good books. 
Don't fuck yourself over her.  I warned you not to pick up her bad
habits."
   Jeni was about to reply to that too, but a look from Nicky, made her
think twice.
   "And I guess that now brings us to you," Nicky said to Cheryl. 
"Come here, and let me get a good look at you."
   Cheryl got up and approached Nicky.
   "Mixer, you said she was good?"
   "Shit, she was better than good.  She took all I could dish out. 
Even begged for more.  And when she went to work on me?  Shit, I
thought I died and went to heaven.  Anytime you want to send her my way
again, I'll be more than happy to take care of her for you."
   "It seems you come rather highly recommended.  Mixer doesn't impress
easily.  Tell me about this girlfriend of yours."
   Cheryl began her story.  It seemed that she and Liz had been
together for about a year.  Yes, they were lesbians, but she liked
either sex, herself.  She was a bit of a masochist, and Liz was a real
sadist.  And like Laurie, she really didn't have anywhere else to go. 
So she danced at the club, and turned an occasional trick to bring
money home to her mistress.
   "Your mistress?  What the fuck does that mean?" Nicky asked.
   It seems that the two of them had a master-slave relationship.
   "Does she beat you?"  Yes was her reply.
   "And you like it?"
   "Yes, sometimes.  But occasionally, she gets pretty violent.  I
don't like it then."
   "And what is going to happen when she finds out that you left her
for me?"
   "I don't really know.  But Laurie promised that you and Mixer would
protect me from her."
   "And why would you rather be with me than her?  What makes you think
it would be better?"
   "Well for one thing, Laurie said you let your girls keep a good part
of their money.  And that you seldom beat any of them.  Liz always took
all my money so I couldn't leave.  And lately, she has been getting a
lot meaner.  The last time I got her really mad at me, she nearly
killed me.  I couldn't go home after Laurie threatened to show her
those pictures."
   "Pictures?  I thought there was only one."
   "Well, there was only one of me and Jeni.  But afterward, Laurie had
me eat her out while she took more pictures of me doing it.  That's why
I did all that work in the back room."
   "That fucking little bitch!  So, even when she knows I'm about to
throw her out on the street, she still can't tell me the whole truth. 
What would you suggest is fitting punishment for someone like that?" he
asked Cheryl.
   "I'm don't think I should say anything."
   "I didn't ask you to think.  I just want an answer."
   "Well, if it was Liz, she'd make me do the most disgusting, dirty,
and vile things she could think of.  And then she would beat the shit
out of me.  Once she had me go work over at a place north of town."
   "You mean Spidey's place?"
   "I think that was the name of the guy.  He has a sister that runs a
whore house on the other side of town, I think.  I've never been to
such a horrible place, before.  The things they made me do there.  And
worse, the things they did to me.  Liz kept all the money, too."
   "Okay, you just helped me decide what to do with her.  Now, what do
we do about you?  You heard me tell Laurie what the agreement is.  Do
you have any trouble with it?"
   "None at all.  I really appreciate the chance.  What about the money
part?"
   "We'll consider you on probation.  Let's say, you get twenty five
percent to start.  If you work out, we'll raise it to forty."
   "Hey, that'll be great.  When can I start?"
   "You already have.  Here's  your share of last night."  Nicky took
back the roll of bills from Jeni, and peeled off several.  He handed
them to Cheryl.
   Cheryl reached up and kissed him on the lips.  "If you only knew how
much I appreciate this.  I still have a small problem though."
   "And what's that?"
   "Well, I can't go back to Liz's place, and I don't have any
clothes."
   "No problem.  You can stay at Mixer's for now.  I'm sure he won't
mind.  And, I just gave you enough money to pick up something to wear,
tomorrow.  If it ain't enough, Mixer will loan you some more, and we'll
take it out of your percentage later.  But you're right, we still have
a problem.  What to do with your girlfriend.  We can't have her coming
after you later.  Think she might be bought off?"
   "I don't know.  She has been threatening to throw me out on the
street lately.  I think she may be bored with me."
   "Well, I'll let Mixer handle that.  His size alone should be enough
to scare the shit out of her.  And most sadists I know, can't stand the
slightest pain.  Think you can handle that for me, Mixer?"
   The big guy chuckled as he said, "I can't wait.  I think I might
actually enjoy reaming the cunt lapping bitch's ass."
   "Okay, we're all settled then.  You work for me.  You do what I tell
you.  If not, you leave.  Deal?"
   "Deal.  But what do I have to do?"
   "For now, continue dancing here at the club.  At least until I can
work out something else.  You keep the dance, tips and drink money. 
But your salary is mine, less your twenty-five percent.  When you come
off probation, we'll talk about you turning tricks on a regular basis. 
But for now, you'll mostly work here at the club.  Unless I need you
for special parties, or stuff like that."
   "Hey that's great," replied Cheryl, as she went back and sat next to
Mixer.
   "Jeni, go get Laurie, will you?"  She went to the door and called
Laurie.  Jeni waited until she entered the office, and then closed the
door.  Laurie approached Nicky with her face down.
   "You wanted to see me?" she asked.
   "Not really.  But I did want your decision.  Are you leaving?  Or
will you stay, and do what I tell you to?"
   "I want to stay, if you'll let me."
   "I think you're going to regret that decision, but if you insist."
   "Please Nicky, don't throw me out.  I mean it when I say whatever
you want, I'll do it.  Anything you want!"
   "Okay.  Tonight, you work the back room.  Just like Cheryl did last
night.  Mixer will keep you well supplied with customers."
   Turning to Mixer, he added, "And tonight there's a half price
special on butt fucks.  You got that?"  Mixer simply laughed.
   "Then you will spend the night with Mixer.  I know it's gonna upset
him, but I want him to give his undivided attention to you, and you
alone, tonight, seeing as how he ignored you last night.  You will do
whatever he, or Cheryl, or even Jeni here, tells you to do.  Wherever
and whenever they tell you.  Do you understand?"
   "Yes, Nicky."
   "Do you have a problem with that?"
   "No, Nicky."
   "Good, because tomorrow, your vacation is over.  I'll pick you up
tomorrow afternoon.  You just won an all expense paid trip to
Spidey's."
   "No!  Please Nicky.  Not that!  Anything else but that."
   "Get out of here.  Go on, get the fuck out of here.  And don't let
me ever see your fucking face again."
   "Please Nicky, don't make me do that.  Anything rather than that. 
Hit me, beat me.  Please not that."
   "You refuse to understand, don't you.  I don't make you do anything. 
You only do what you want to do.  And when you no longer want to, you
leave.  So leave."
   Laurie stood there.  She started to cry.  "But I'm nothing if you
throw me out.  Okay I'll do it.  Just let me stay."
   "No, you don't really want to do it.  You're only agreeing because
you don't want to go."
   "I want to do it, Nicky.  Really I do.  Please let me?"
   "Get your ass into the backroom.  I expect you to do better than
Cheryl did last night.  Your nose candy is cut off, and any money made
is mine.  When I think you've changed your ways, maybe we can think
about what percentage you start at again.  Your apartment is now
Jeni's.  Along with what's in it.  You won't need anything at
Spidey's."
   Laurie left the room.  Nicky turned to Jeni, and said, "It might be
a good idea if you came with us tomorrow.  You can see first hand what
the alternatives are if you ever think you can't hack it with me.  Or
what you will have to put up with if I ever catch you cheating me.  For
now, get your ass out there, and start working.  I'll talk to you
later."
   Jeni went back into the club.  The place had started to fill up a
bit, and she was kept busy waiting on tables.

--
