Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

 Jennifer  (father takes pictures of his teen daughter for a
calendar and she reveals more than he expected!)

	Jennifer noticed the way her father was looking at her.  Of
course, she would have killed him if he hadn't been.  She had
purposefully cut up a T-shirt so that it only covered the top
two thirds of her breasts, leaving a full third of her huge
mounds hanging naked.  The tight cutoff levi jeans were
purposefully cut in a "V" so that a good amount of her ass hung
out.

"Ok," she said.  "Is this good enough for the pictures?"

"Holy shit!" her father finally said.  "I'm...I'm at a loss for
words."

"You  think I'll get into the calendar?"

"Oh ya," he stammered. "I can guarantee it."

"Ok, well let's get started."

Grabbing his camera, Jennifer's father began to snap pictures as
she posed in different positions.  After he had taken about 30
pictures, Jennifer stopped and sat in the dining room chair.

"Think any of those will work?"

"Oh ya," her father said.  "Still, if you don't feel
uncomfortable, we should get a few without the T-shirt."

Jennifer lifted up her shirt over her huge breasts and rubbed
them gently like they were sore.

"Do you think they're pretty?" she asked.

Half drooling her father nodded, "Oh my god, yes."

Pinching her nipples, Jennifer wiggled her breasts so they swung
gently.  "Would you like to suck on my little pink nipples?"

Setting the camera down, her father sat on the couch.

"Uh-huh," he managed.

"It's a good thing I turn 18 in a month," she said.

"Why," her father asked as he continued to fix his gaze on her
breasts.

"So we can have sex legally."

"Holy shit!" her father blushed.  "You've got to be kidding."

Jennifer stood up and unbuttoned her jeans.  Pulling the open
flaps apart she exposed her blonde pubic hair beneath.  "Does it
look like I'm kidding?"

Seeing her standing there, shirt pulled up over her bare
breasts, jeans pulled open to reveal her soft, young, blonde
patch of hair, her father half choked.  "Do I have to wait??"

"Oh, daddy," Jennifer moaned as she slid her hand down her jeans
and began rubbing her clit.  "I want you to fuck me so bad!!"

"Oh my god," he stammered as he stood up.  Jennifer could see
his large cock pushing against his pants.

Pulling her jeans down over her ass, Jennifer rubbed her ass
with both hands.  "We've gotta wait daddy," she said as her hand
stabbed between her legs once more.

"Please!!" her father begged.  "I can't wait."

"Oh daddy," she moaned.  "I want your big cock inside me!!!"

Grabbing her in his arms he smashed his face into her breasts
and began sucking on her nipples.

"Oh my god daddy!" she moaned.  "Take me to bed and fuck me!"

Picking her up, Jennifer's father carried her down the hall. 
Her jeans half down already, he flopped her on the bed and
yanked them down.

"Oh my GOD!" Jennifer moaned.  "You're going to fuck me!!"

"Oh yes I am," he agreed as he pulled his pants down and took
off his underwear.

"I've needed this fucking for a LONG time daddy," she panted as
he spread her legs and got between them.

Jennifer sat up and reached between her legs.  Eagerly she
grabbed her father's thick cock and pulled him toward her aching
clit.

"Do you want me?" she asked as she worked the head of his cock
in between the hot lips of her pussy.

"More than you know,"

Slowly Jennifer's father stretched her pussy as his thick shaft
eased in her.

"Oh god, I love your big cock inside me!!" Jennifer groaned. 
"Fuck my pussy!"

Quickly her father began a rhythmic climb as he thrusted between
her legs.

"I like to feel my daddy's balls slapping against my pussy!" she
panted.  "Do you like to stuff your daughters pussy?"









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....