

                                   GBV06.TXT

                              JENNY TAKES A DETOUR
                             Gangbang Virgin Series
                                       
                                 by The Warthog
                             (linetwo@connect.net)
                      (TERRAnet linetwo#connect.net @506)
       _________________________________________________________________
   
                              Standard Disclaimer
        These stories are intended for the entertainment of adults only!
       _________________________________________________________________
   
My name is Jenny. My story is about a major change in my life. I'm 35 years
old, married and have two children. My husband is a Minister in a small
town in Texas. We've been married for 17 years. My life has been very prim
and proper but satisfying until recently.

About two weeks ago I started out to attend a bible seminar in Dallas,
which is about a three hour drive from home. I kissed and hugged my two
sons Brad and Jeff and husband Jim and promised that I would be careful on
the road. I told Jim that I would call him from the hotel to let him know I
was OK.

The trip went fine until I got near Dallas. A road construction crew was
working on the road and had set up a detour. I checked my map to see how
far this would put me from my final destination. No problem, it turned out,
if I used a county road about 5 miles from the detour. Unfortunately, my
car decided to die after about 10 miles down the county road. I lifted the
hood to take a look at the engine even though I know nothing about cars. I
had hopes that someone might come along and help. I hadn't passed any cars
on this stretch and I was worried it might be some time before someone came
by. It was a hot July day and I was beginning to perspire.

My worries ended when a pick-up truck pulled up behind my car. Two very
large black men got out and walked to the front of my car. I was startled
at first and a little afraid at the sight of these two giants. They seemed
polite enough when they asked if I needed help. I smiled and answered yes.
Both looked under the hood and after a few minutes' one of the men said
that it looked like a bad fuel pump. He offered to give me a ride into town
to arrange a tow. I accepted his kindness and introduced myself.

The man that offered the ride told me that his name was Fred and his
friend's name was Joe. We all got in their truck with me sitting in the
middle. The pick-up was old and had no air-conditioning. It was a standard
size pick-up but I was still cramped between these huge men. I noticed that
my shirt was beginning to cling to my skin. Fred and Joe had noticed as
well. They kept stealing glances at my chest as the wet material of my
shirt outlined my breasts. They remained gentlemen, however.

The attention is something I am used to. I have blond hair and blue eyes. I
have been considered pretty since I was a little girl. When I entered my
teen years my body blossomed beyond my parents' expectations. They kept a
tight rein on me. They knew I would be the target of every boy in school.
As a result I lived a very sheltered life.

The sheltered existence continued after I met and married my husband. When
I was fitted for my wedding dress, I measured 38DD-23-35. I'm 5'7" tall and
weigh 120 pounds. I have maintained my shaped through the years with
exercise. My youthful face allows me to pass for 25. Hardly anyone can
believe that I'm the mother of a 16 year old son. The attention has never
really been a problem for me. I have always be content to be a wife and
mother. Sex just has never been a big priority with me.

Now, that priority seemed to be changing for some reason. I tried to
pinpoint why I felt different. Was it because I was away from home? Was it
because it had been a long time since I had made love to my husband? Was it
the heat, or was it the sizable bulges forming in Fred's and Joe's pants?
All I knew was that my face felt flush and an itch was forming between my
legs.

I found myself staring at the bulge in Joe's pants. It continued to grow to
my amazement. I felt my vagina lubricating. I couldn't believe what was
happening. I was a married woman who led a conservative religious life, and
yet I was beginning to imagine myself having sex with this man I'd just
met. To top that off, the man was black. Now, I don't have a prejudiced
bone in my body, however, I was raised in the South and the tradition here
is that when it comes to sex and marriage the races don't mix. I tried to
get control of myself. I just couldn't commit adultery and yet my vagina
was yearning to be filled.

Joe noticed my stare and said, "Please pardon my arousal ma'am, but its not
often that a beautiful white woman with a big chest sits this close to me."
I pushed my chest out with pride and said, "Thanks for the compliment,
Joe." I added, "You fellas are handsome, yourselves." And they were. I
wasn't just being nice. My attention returned to Joe's bulge as I asked,
"Looks like you have something big there, as well." Joe replied, "Its a
tribute to your beauty, ma'am." He added, "I wish I could get my mind on
something else, my trousers are beginning to get cramped."

I looked at Joe with concern and said, "Oh Joe, I'm sorry, I wish I could
hide." Joe said, "No ma'am, this is my problem." I said, "I don't want you
to be uncomfortable, Joe." To my surprise I added, "Open your pants if it
will make you more comfortable." Joe looked at me with a surprised look,
then looked at Fred who looked equally surprised. Joe said, "Well, if it
wouldn't bother you, ma'am, it would sure make me feel better."

Joe unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. He tried to keep his substantial
member hidden but it was too big. I stared at Joe's penis with awe. It must
have been a foot long. The head was as thick as a coke can. I said to
myself out loud, "I caused that." I was surprised when Joe answered, "Yes
ma'am, you did." I looked at Joe with sympathy and said, "I'm sorry that
I've inconvenienced you two and I wish there was something I could do."

Joe shook his head and said, "No inconvenience, ma'am. We're glad to help a
pretty lady." He added, "There is only one thing that will get my bone back
inside my pants right now and I don't think you would like it." I had my
suspicions but I had to ask, "What's that, Joe?" Joe's politeness gave way
to frankness as he said, "Ma'am, you have to suck me off!" I looked at Joe
with surprise although I wasn't. I looked at Joe's penis again. All I could
think about was Joe's penis. I tried to remember who I was. I was in a
strange truck but it was like a dream.

The next thing I knew I had three inches of Joe's penis in my mouth. I
don't even remember leaning over and taking him in my mouth. Joe had a
surprised look on his face that began to change to pleasure. My lips were
stretched to their limits. Joe's penis was to much for my mouth. I began to
lick the head while I stroked the shaft. Joe began to growl with passion. I
couldn't believe I was given this man oral sex. It was the first penis I
had ever tasted. My husband would never ask me to suck his penis and I
never brought it up. I found that I was enjoying the feeling of sucking
this large black penis.

While I sucked, Joe unbuttoned my shirt and began to rub my breasts. He
said, "Fred, look at these big titties." Fred grunted his approval. I
wanted to feel Joe's hands on my nipples so I unsnapped my bra. Joe took
this as an invitation. I felt his hand cup my right breast. A moment later
I felt Fred's hand on my left breast. They pinched my nipples sending a
message to my vagina demanding attention. I began to rub the wet area
between my legs.

Within seconds I had an orgasm. Shortly afterward, Joe flooded my mouth
with his sperm. I jerked my head away causing Joe's second squirt to hit me
in the face. I decided that the taste wasn't that bad so I swallowed Joe's
penis again and collected the remainder of his sperm in my mouth. I
swallowed the liquid with each delivery into my mouth. I couldn't believe
how much Joe came. I now had a belly full of his sperm.

Just then the passenger door opened and Joe and Fred helped me out of the
truck. I hadn't noticed that Fred had pulled down a dirt road out of site
of the county road. He had pulled over at secluded spot. Fred led me around
to the bed of the truck and had me crawl up on a bunch of old blankets.
Fred unzipped his pants and pulled out a penis that was easily two inches
longer than Joe's and just as thick. He crawled up into the truck bed and
dangled his penis next to my head.

Without hesitation, I began to suck and lick Fred's member. Meanwhile, Joe
crawled in the truck-bed on the other side of me and began to remove my
shirt and bra. He then removed my shoes and jeans. Lastly he pulled my
panties off leaving me naked. Fred's penis had meanwhile gotten rock hard.
I removed Fred's penis from my mouth and said, "Put it in me, Fred,
please!"

Fred laid back on the blankets and grabbed me by the waist. He lifted me
with ease up over his penis while I guided the head to my opening. I was
very wet, however, I was not sure I could take such a large member even
after two pregnancies. Fred slowly lowered me down. His penis entered me
stretching my vaginal lips thin. Fred was able to penetrate me without
difficulty but it was incredibly tight. Slowly I was impaled the full
length of his shaft. I never felt so full. He began pumping me up and down.
I immediately had an orgasm. It continued while I pumped up and down on
Fred. I had never had an orgasm like this. I didn't want it to end.

After about five minutes of riding Fred, I felt a pressure between the
cheeks of my bottom. Before I could say anything, Joe had four inches of
penis buried in my anal opening. My orgasm intensified. They began to pump
me together. I now had over two feet of penis filling my holes. The only
thing that could be better was to have a third penis in my mouth. I
screamed for them to pound me harder and they did, while Joe squeezed my
bottom and Fred squeezed my breasts.

After about 15 minutes of sex, Joe pulled out of my anus and stuck his
penis in my mouth. He unloaded another load of sperm in my mouth as Fred
flooded my vagina. I was dripping at both ends. I licked Joe clean not
minding where Joe's cock had just been, then cleaned up Fred. They thanked
me for the sex. I told them that I wanted to go again. Fred said, "Ma'am,
if you want more I'll have to take you to the pool hall. I'm just not ready
for any more fucking now."

Without thinking about my situation I said, "Anything you say, Fred." As I
got dressed I was amazed at how wonderful I felt. I had more orgasms in
those few minutes than I had my entire life. My husband had never satisfied
me and it had been many years since I had climaxed by my own hand. I now
realized that I would not be able to survive without the feelings and
sensations I had just experienced.

As we drove into town I realized that I told my husband I would call him
when I arrived. Guilty feelings suddenly overcame me. I thought about my
family and then about what I had just done. My thinking became confused. I
knew that it was sinful for a married woman to have sex with another man,
much less two at one time. It couldn't have been me, a white woman, with
two huge black penises buried in my vagina and anus. Surely, it wasn't I
who sucked the sperm out of Joe's penis and swished the gooey liquid around
my tongue to savor the taste. And, it must have been someone else who
licked the residue off the big black cock that had moments before been 12
inches deep in my bowel. I recalled an earlier trip to the bathroom that
morning before I had left.

I was shocked at what I had done, but I loved every minute of it. I'm not
sure if it was the nastiness of the acts or whether I genuinely like the
taste of sperm, but I knew I wanted more. As for the musty taste from my
bowel, it seems impossible to me now that I tasted it, however, I know that
at the height of my sexual state it was exactly what I wanted to do. The
feeling of two penises rubbing together inside me gave me pleasure that
nothing else had come close to. I only hoped that the rest of the day would
be as fulfilling.

I decided that I would see about repairing my car and then find a hotel. I
didn't mind the sweaty sex, but I felt like I should get cleaned up for
later. I asked Fred to take me to a place where I could get my car towed
and fixed. We arrived at Nate's garage a short time later. When Fred pulled
up a tall black man about 30 years old walked out with the widest eyes I'd
ever seen. I guess he was surprised to see me sitting between Joe and Fred
looking like I had just been in a wet T-shirt contest. I know what you're
thinking, but I've been around enough to know what a wet T-shirt contest
is.

The tall man whose shirt identified him as Nate said, "Fred, where did you
find that princess from heaven?" Like I said, this was the South and a
white woman riding around in a pickup with two black men was rare. Fred
said, "The young lady here had car trouble back down county road 1305. We
gave her a lift here figuring you could fix her up." Nate was now looking
at my nipples, which were clearly visible though my shirt. I hadn't put my
bra or panties back on after Fred and Joe fucked me. Thinking about our
threesome reminded me of the feelings and sensations Fred and Joe had
produced in me.

I noticed that Nate was developing a sizable bulge in his pants. My nipples
responded by getting rock hard. His eyes began bulging at the site of my
growing nubs. I interrupted the silence by saying in my best attempt at a
sexy voice, "Nate, would you please fix my car?" I smiled and continued,
"I'll make it worth your while." Nate began stuttering, "Ma..Ma'am, yes
ma'am, right away."

Without taking my eye off Nate I reached in my jeans's pocket and pulled
out my underwear. I turned to Fred and gave him my panties then kissed him
full on the mouth letting my tongue wander inside his mouth. I gave Joe my
bra, knowing how he likes big tits. I gave Joe the same sloppy kiss as I
mashed my chest into his side and rubbed against him. My nipples were on
fire. I turned back to Nate a said, "You'll get yours when my car is
fixed." I thanked Fred and Joe for their help and ask if they would pick me
up at eight and take me to the pool hall. They both nodded. Nate piped up,
"You're taking the lady to the pool hall. Does she know about the pool
hall?" Joe answered, "She'll know tonight!"

It sounded kind of scary to me but I was still looking forward to it. I was
also anxious for Nate to fix my car but I don't think as anxious as he was.
It made me feel good to use my feminine charms to make a man do what I
wanted. I had noticed a motel across the street. It didn't look like much
but it would do. I ask Nate to send my bags over after he got my car. I
then said with a wink, "I expect that you will personally deliver my car
when its ready." Nate said, "You can count on that, Ma'am!" I then turned
and walked across the street to the motel.

I checked in and told the bell hop that Nate would send over my bags. I
asked the handsome young black man of 19 or so to bring my bags to my room
when they got there. I squeezed a five into his hand and gave him a wink. I
could tell by his stares that his young hormones were working overtime. I
new that soon I would have to take care of him as well.

Up to this point I hadn't seen any white people. I figured I was in a
predominately black neighborhood. So far, everyone had been very nice. I'm
sure the possibility of fucking a buxom blond white woman would cheer any
man, black or white.

When I got to the room, I called my husband and let him know that
everything was fine. I tried to act as if nothing out of the ordinary had
happened. I'm sure I succeeded, however, I was feeling mighty guilty by the
time I hung up. I filled the bath, then took off my sticky clothes. I
looked at my body for a while. It was though I was looking at it for the
first time.. I forgot about my husband and family. My breasts were flushed
with the squeezing of a half hour before. I pulled on my nipples and
received a jolt of sensation sending me back to the time when my vagina and
anus were being pounded. My knees became weak and gave way. I landed on the
floor on in a sitting position. The force caused a trickle of sperm to flow
from my vagina. Without thinking I scooped up the bead and put it in my
mouth. The taste of cum and the musty smells of the remnants of Joe's ass
fuck sent me into another orgasm. My vagina belched out a mixture of my
juices and Fred's sperm. I lapped it up using both soiled hands. I finished
by cleaning my rectum in the same way. I was exhausted so I lay down on the
floor and fell asleep.

I awoke some time later still in a heap on the floor. I picked myself up
and crawled into the tub. I warmed the water up with the tap and lingered
in the tub after I washed. I heard a knock at the door and yelled, "Come
in!" In walked Ron the bell hop with my bags. "You're luggage, Ma'am," I
heard him say. I saw his face in the full length mirror outside the
bathroom and knew he could see me as well. The soap and water covered my
body except for the substantial tops of my breasts. I thanked Ron and told
him I'd call if I needed him. He left me to my bath.

Soon after I got out of the tub and dried my body and my hair. My energy
had returned and I began to admire my body again. I was proud that my
breasts were still firm with only a hint of sag. I bounced lightly on my
feet and watch my breasts jiggle. I felt that tingly feeling again and
began to realize just how sensitive my breasts were. I wasn't sure if my
sexual desires were just developing late or that they had been suppressed
all these years. All it took was a slight jiggling of my breasts or a brush
of my nipples and a jolt of what felt like electricity would start at my
nipple and go directly to my vagina.

A knock at the door brought me back to my senses. I wrapped up in a towel
and opened the door. It was Nate with my car keys. He pointed outside at my
car and said, "Its as good as new, ma'am." I replied, "That was sure fast!"
He said, "Just a minor repair, ma'am." Nate had that same anxious look and
bulging trousers I had left him with earlier. I said, "Come on in, Nate,
and take a break." I didn't have to ask twice.

Once inside I told Nate to have a seat on the bed. Without any fanfare I
removed the towel covering my body and stood before Nate with nothing on
but a sexy smile. Nate's eyes bulged as big as the lump in his pants. I
said, "Nate, I'll do anything you want for the next 30 minutes." He smiled
a big toothy grin and said, "Suck my cock."

Immediately, I pushed him to the middle of the bed and helped him remove
his boots and socks. I undid his belt buckle and unzipped his pants. His
substantial penis made a tent in his boxer shorts. He shed his pants and I
pulled down his shorts exposing the biggest penis I had ever seen. I
thought I would never see anything bigger than Joe and Fred. I asked Nate
how big he was and he replied, "15 inches long and 8 inches around." It was
almost as long as my forearm and wider than my wrist. I told Nate that I
would give all my effort to see to it that all 15 inches got buried inside
me.

I went to work on the head of his penis like a mad woman. I wanted to taste
his sperm. I couldn't wait. I tried to take as much of his fat penis as I
could. By adjusting the angle of attack and by opening my throat, I was
able to get about half of it in. I could see my reflection in the mirror on
the wall and it was as if I was watching someone else. I watched this white
woman taking this huge black tube of flesh and attempt to swallow the
entire length. The sight amplified my determination. I pushed and pushed
Nate's penis down my throat until the image on the wall showed no huge
black tube and the woman's nose was flat against the man's belly. A large
unusual bulge appeared on the woman's neck. I realized it was me. I had
done it. If I could take Nate on I could take on anyone. Not only was I
hungry for sex, I was proficient at it.

Nate began bucking wildly. Evidently, he had seen the image in the mirror
and erupted in orgasm. I couldn't tell for sure but the throbbing in my
neck suggested that Nate was pumping a large load directly into my belly.
By the time I had pulled off his big tool he had stopped cumming. I asked
to be sure, and he confirmed that he had cum. He said no woman, black or
white, had ever swallowed him whole, and for that the auto-repair was on
him. At that moment I realized that I had become a prostitute.

I looked at the clock and noted that Nate still had twenty minutes. He told
me that he wanted to fuck me in the ass and cunt but that he needed a rest.
It occurred to me that I could use the time to take care of Ron the bell
hop. I asked Nate if he minded a threesome. He said it sounded interesting,
so I called the desk and ask for Ron. He was at my door in five minutes. I
opened the door careful not to show my naked body outside and invited Ron
in. He noticed my naked body after I had closed the door. His eyes got very
wide. He noticed Nate on the bed naked from the waist down and said very
nervously, "I don't want no trouble." I walked over to Ron and crushed by
breasts into his chest and said, "Don't worry, Baby, you and Nate are going
to fuck me for a while."

I helped Ron out of his clothes and asked Nate to move to the chair while
Ron fucked me. I put Ron on his back and began stroking his penis. It was
big but it didn't measure up to Nate. I figured it to be about 10 inches
long. I stuffed the entire thing in my mouth with ease after learning how
on Nate's penis. I was drenched in sperm after only two pumps. I lapped up
all the spilled cum which impressed Ron. His youth allowed him to stay hard
so I crawled on top of Ron and impaled myself on his tool. I bounced up and
down on Ron for ten glorious minutes, cumming twice, before I notice that
Nate had positioned himself at my anus..

Nate struggled for a moment but finally popped the huge head of his penis
into my anus. Slowly he inched his way into my bowel. I didn't notice how
far because I was in the middle of another mind bending orgasm. When I came
out of it, both Nate and Ron were pumping me smoothly. This continued for
several minutes during which I had a long continuous orgasm. Suddenly Nate
pulled out of me and appear in front of me his penis bobbing in front of my
face. I took him to the root again cleaning him thoroughly. He came again.
This time I was able to taste some of his sperm before it was sent to my
belly. It had a strong flavor that I liked tremendously.

Soon after, Ron filled my vagina with his load. I tasted some of drippings
at my vagina and learned that Ron's sperm tasted milder than Nate's. Ron
hopped up and thanked me. He said he had to get back to work. He dressed
and left. Meanwhile, Nate had one more fuck in him. He put me on my back
and slowly entered my vagina. It stretched to fit his huge tool.
Fortunately, I was well lubricated. He pounded out two more orgasms in me
before having one of his own. Rather than cumming in my vagina, he sprayed
my chest and stomach with his sperm. I managed to catch one squirt in my
mouth.

Nate dressed and left shortly after our last fuck. I had great admiration
for Nate's penis and his manner. I wondered if he was married. I realized
that another bath was in order. I had sperm dripping from my vagina and my
face. The sperm on my breast and stomach had dried. I realized that it was
almost 7. I had an hour to get ready. I quickly bathed and dried off. My
hair did not need to be washed again. I fixed it in my normal fashion, that
is, up. I dressed in one of my suits and had just finished my makeup when
there was a knock at the door.

I opened the door to find Fred and Joe. I invited them in and gave each one
a hug. I noticed a look of indecision on Fred's face and asked what was
wrong. He stuttered around and finally said bluntly, "Miss Jenny, we're not
going to church tonight. You may want to change your clothes if you want to
party the way I think you want to party." I looked at my suit with a frown
and said, "Not very sexy, huh?" Joe piped up, "Don't get us wrong, ma'am,
you're very beautiful, but, you may want to show more skin and curves and
maybe a wilder hairdo. You understand what I'm saying?" I nodded with a
frown, "Unfortunately, all my outfits are like this."

Fred said, "Don't worry little lady. I know just the thing. We'll go to my
sister's place." He opened the door leading the way. We hopped into the
pick-up and hit the road. A short time later Fred pulled into the parking
lot of a strip shopping center. He parked in front of a store called
'Winnie's Fashions'. We walked in as Winnie was about to close. Fred
introduced me to Winnie who was giving me the usual stare that I had come
to expect in this black neighborhood.

Fred explained to Winnie that I needed a party outfit. She smiled and
turned, walking to another area of the store. The racks were full of very
skimpy brightly colored tops and skirts. Winnie showed me a few dresses and
I picked two. I wasn't wild about some of the colors, but I found a red one
I liked and a white one. I went to the dressing room and tried the red one
first. Everybody liked the dress. It had a frilly short skirt and strapless
top. I was a bit insecure about the top so I went back to the dressing room
and put on the white dress.

This dress fit me like a glove. It was very simple. The material was smooth
and shiny. Spaghetti straps held up the top which showed a great deal of my
breasts. My nipples were plain to see through the material. The tightness
of the dress suggested that I might need the next size up. I decided that
tight was what I wanted. Besides, I liked to way the dress pushed my
breasts together, producing a long deep cleavage. The dress hugged my every
curve. I decided to remove my panties because they showed through. The
result was pleasing. The hem-line was very high. I knew I would likely
expose my pubic hair when I sat down. I would have to be careful unless I
didn't want to be.

Fred and Joe agreed that I looked great. I selected a pair of white five
inch spiked high heels and a white handbag as accessories. I went back to
the dressing room and collected my things. I almost forgot about my hair. I
let it down and brushed it out. Using a little hairspray I fluffed it up. I
gave it a slightly wind blown look. It hung smoothly over my shoulders and
down my back. I wore bangs to make me look younger. I liked the result and
so did the boys. I paid for the clothes and we left. As we were getting
into the truck I noticed that Fred and Joe were sporting bulges again.

As Fred pulled away I instructed him to find a secluded spot. I told Fred
and Joe that they looked like they could use a fuck and I sure knew that I
wanted it. Fred developed a big grin then pulled the truck around the back
of the shopping center. We got out and I walked to the front of the truck.
I liked the way it felt walking in the high heels, feeling the stretchy
dress material rub my naked body underneath. I stood facing the hood of the
truck and spread my legs about three feet apart. I bent at the waist and
braced myself against the hood of the truck. The invitation was plain. The
boys new what to do.

Joe opened his fly and pulled out his growing penis. He stroked it a couple
times and it reached its full length. Joe pulled my skirt up only a few
inches exposing my vagina. He pushed the big head of his tool into me and
began banging me hard. After about five minutes I orgasmed hard. I lost all
senses for a moment while the pleasure washed over me. When my hearing
returned I heard Joe grunting and new he was about to cum. I looked over my
shoulder into Joe's eyes and pleaded for him to cum in my mouth. A moment
later he pulled out and I spun around. I opened my mouth wide and Joe
lowered the head of his penis to my tongue. Soon, squirt after squirt
filled my mouth. I swallowed the whole gooey load.

I turned back around and assumed the position for Fred. Before he began he
tested the ease of lowering my top. By simply hooking his thumbs around the
straps of my dress and pulling them over my shoulders, Fred was able to
free my breasts. He began to pull at my nipples as he impaled my anus with
his 14 inch penis. The electric bolts that were now shooting from my
pinched and stretched nipples to my vagina were joined with jolts erupting
in my ass with each thrust of Fred's member. Without knowing it I began to
moan loudly. This caused Fred to pull harder on my nipples and pound my ass
harder. My moaning increased. I had another blanking orgasm. When I
regained my senses, I noted that Fred had pulled out of my ass. He was
holding the pent up sperm in his penis. I opened my mouth and Fred released
the contents into my mouth. I lapped up the sperm, savoring every drop. I
then licked Fred's soiled penis clean.

At that moment I looked to my left and noticed a third man. It was the
first white man I'd seen in town. He looked like he was drunk. He had his
cock out and was stroking a sizable rock hard penis. I wasn't going to let
it go to waste so I let him fuck me. He didn't last long and I didn't
climax, however, it was the first wine flavored sperm I had tasted. It
turned out the man was just a bum that I had awakened with my loud moans.
When I was finished with the man I looked over and noticed Fred and Joe
just smiling and shaking their heads.

I stretched my shoulder straps back into placed and pushed my tits back
into their confines. Finally, I pulled my skirt down. I marveled at the
ease of being fucked three times and becoming presentable in less than a
minute. I still needed to reapply my lip stick, but I could do that in the
truck's rear view mirror. We drove off to the pool hall with Fred and Joe
satisfied for a while and me hot and horny as ever. I was looking forward
to three or more men fucking me at once.

We pulled into the parking lot of a run down dirty looking bar. Fred parked
the truck then turned to me and said, "Jenny, this place is pretty wild and
can get rough. The police avoid this place. Now is the time to leave if you
don't feel up to it." I said, "Thanks for your concern Fred. I just want to
know one thing." Fred said, "What's that?" I continued, "Can I get fucked
by a lot of men, here?" Joe piped up, "Ma'am, you'll be the only white
woman in the place. There's boys in there who have dreamed of banging a
white woman all their lives and you, my lady, are more beautiful than their
dreams would ever allow." I said confidently, "Lead on." Fred smiled and
gave my nipple a pinch. My hand immediately went between my legs as the
usual electrical charge jumped from my nipple to vagina. Fred laughed and
said, "We sure know how to jump start Ms. Jenny!" All I could do was moan.

Fred entered the bar first. I followed swinging my hips. Joe followed me.
My dress conformed to my body and the gentle rubbing on my nipples as I
walked kept me in constant heat. I could feel the blood running through my
veins. I never felt so alive. The place was busy. I watched as each pair of
eyes got to know my body intimately. The dress was just a second skin. I
was essentially naked. Even my pubic mound was accented by the dress. Every
man in the place knew he had a golden invitation to fuck me. I licked my
lips as I walked to make sure there was no mistake about it.

Fred led me to the bar in the back and pointed to a bar stool. We sat down
and Joe order drinks for us. I had just taken a sip of my beer and set the
mug down when a large hand caressed my shoulder and rotated me around
gently. There stood a large black man about 6'6" and 260 pounds. I notice
that he was stroking a rather large penis. Before I realized it he had
spread my legs, causing my skirt to spring to my waist, and plugged his 13
inch penis into my dripping hole. Once his pole was safely lodged in my
vagina he gripped my bottom with both huge hands and pulled me onto the
rest of his penis. My shock gave way to loud moans. He had my back pinned
to the bar, my bottom on the bar stool and my legs over his shoulders. He
was pounding me so fast that it was a blur. After about three minutes he
paused for only a second to lower the straps of my dress, exposing my tits.
His hands went to work pulling and pinching my nipples. I began to moan
loudly. I noticed a crowd forming. After five minutes of this treatment I
blacked out with a hard crushing orgasm. I learned that the more physical
the fucking the harder I orgasm. I hoped my body could hold up. When my
senses returned I notice the signs of an oncoming male orgasm. I locked
eyes with my partner and calmly said, "In my mouth." That was all it took.
Roughly he pulled me into a sitting position and then down to his penis. I
stuffed it in my mouth in time to take a large gooey load down my throat.

I licked the man clean and before I knew it my legs were over another pair
of shoulders and another penis was plowing my vagina. Man number two had
seen the previous fuck and he knew that pulling on my large tits made me
wild. He grabbed both nipples and began pulling. It was a little scary to
see my nipples stretched out two to three inches, then pulled in all
directions. It looked sort like the cow hand yanking on a cow's udders. The
slight pain I was feeling was instantly transformed into sexual pleasure as
the pounding and pulling continued. I had another hard orgasm. I noticed
that I was discharging a considerable amount of fluid with each orgasm. It
had collected on the bar stool and I was now sliding around in it.

It went like this for about forty minutes and eight guys. I was getting
just what I wanted. Each man was kind enough to come in my mouth. I enjoyed
the taste a great deal. After number eight I asked if I could take a rest.
Number nine looked perturbed but relented when I promised him my anus. At
that moment the bartender brought a beer mug half full of what looked like
milk. On closer inspection I realized that it was not milk but sperm. It
must have been from twenty or thirty guys. The bartender explained that
many of his patrons were so turned on by my fucking that they stroked
themselves off. He said he noticed that I seemed to like cum so he passed
the mug and they all filled it up for me. I thanked him and began to drink.
I downed the whole thing to their cheers and applause. I handed the mug
back to the bartender and told him to keep it cumming.

I asked the bartender how many men and women were at the bar. He paused and
then said, "I figure about a hundred men and four women." I looked around
and noticed a black women naked on a pool table with a penis in her vagina,
anus and mouth. They were giving her hell. I couldn't see any other woman
but the place was bigger than it looked from the outside. Number nine was
now getting irritated. I suspected that his balls were about to explode and
I was eager to taste the contents. I noted a line of about 15 guys lined up
behind number nine and they looked angry and frustrated while waiting. The
last thing I wanted was to be hurt by a angry mob.

I stood up, pushed the material of my dress to my waist, and bent over the
bar stool. The men now had access to my anus and vagina in back and my
mouth and tits in front. The stool was still sticky with my cum. Number
nine plowed his penis into my frothy vagina and pumped me a few times to
lubricate his shaft. He then gently entered my anus and slowly embedded his
tool in my bowels. The tightness had us both moaning. I motioned for the
next man to fuck my mouth. I also had the on-deck men pulling at my tits.
For the next hour I took on twosomes in this manner. When the line had
dwindled to no more than six, I had enjoyed seven anal fucks and four
vaginal fucks and had swallowed another eleven wads of sperm and had a
least a dozen hard mind blowing orgasms. On the floor underneath me was a
large cake pan that had collected the drippings from my vagina and anus
that included the cum of eleven well-hung black men and one well-fucked
white woman. The gooey mess looked like the kind of cake frosting that is
put on coffee cake. I asked for a break and slowly stood up carefully
avoiding the pan. I smiled at those around me and said, "You fellas think
of everything, don't you?" I picked up the pan and proceeded to eat the
whole slimy mess.

The reaction was another round of whistles and hoots. The bartender handed
me another sperm mug. This one was only a third full. I looked back at the
bartender and he shrugged, "You're wearing them out, lady." I beamed with
pride and said, "The next one should be full." The bartender nodded as I
downed the latest collection of cum. I looked around and asked if there was
any place we could be more comfortable. A handsome black gentleman who had
been waiting a long time took my hand and led me to the other side of the
room. There was a large thick mat that covered the floor. A woman I had not
seen was getting up off the mat as we approached. Her face was covered with
sperm and her vagina was leaking down her leg. She was busy wiping the
stuff off. I was tempted to lick it off her.

A new crop of men had gathered around me. I explained that I wanted to fuck
three men at a time. I told them I preferred for them to cum in my mouth.
If they didn't that was OK too. For the next hour and a half we got down to
a serious white woman gang bang. This corner of the bar was darker and the
only light given off was the reflection off my white skin and the shiny
well-lubricated black penises that kept disappearing inside me. It was a
surreal experience. I loved the feeling of a 14 incher in my vagina and
another 14 incher in my butt. When a good pair established a rhythm, all I
wanted was to stuff a third cock down my throat and have a heart stopping
orgasm. I would just stop with my nose buried in some man's wiry pubic hair
and shudder on the two black poles buried in my vagina and bowel. I
collected a good deal of sperm like that. I began to notice that I sloshed
when I moved. Now that's a belly full of sperm. I also found that I liked
giving the men a tongue bath after they came. I started by licking their
penis, then cleaning their balls and finally I tongued their anus. Many had
recently had bowel movements and I found that I licked harder and cleaned
more thoroughly in those cases. My tongue, to my new found delight, is
quite long. I estimate that I was able to penetrate most of their anuses
over an inch.

This nonstop fucking continued with one man cumming and another taking his
place. All three of my holes were constantly filled. The orgasms began to
run together. At one point I regained my senses after a strong long lasting
orgasm and noticed a change. Rather than feeling the sweaty skin of a
thrusting man at my rear, the feeling was soft and dry, like... As I turned
around to look I realized why the feeling was like that of a fur coat. A
large black dog, a Labrador I believed, had his paws around my waist and
his eleven inch cock buried in my anus. I realized also that the men had
back away to watch. I was in the middle of this mat getting fucked by an
animal as dozens of men looked on and cheered.

Despite the activity of the past hours, the countless men who had fucked me
and the large quantities of sperm I had drunk, I was shocked. I couldn't
move. It all began to come back to me. I was the respected wife of the town
minister with children who loved me. If they could see me now, getting
fucked in the ass by a dog. The problem was it felt so good. I liked the
way the dog caressed my waist. I could feel another towering orgasm
building. Oh, the immorality of it. I had come a long way from the
preacher's sweet wife. I was now enjoying getting dog fucked. As I began to
blank out with orgasm I remembered thinking, I wonder what dog sperm tastes
like. When my hearing returned the dog was yelping and I realized that he
was pumping his load into my bowels. I also noted that his cock felt like
it had swollen to twice the size. He was stuck inside my ass. I then
remembered from the days I spent on my uncle's farm, that many male animals
get a knot in their penis after ejaculation. This was to hold the sperm
inside the female so that pregnancy could occur. I new that I would be like
this for a few moments so I decided to rest. I collapsed down on the mat.
The dog crossed one leg over my back, so that we were butt to butt, and
waited.

After about five minutes the dog and I separated. He moved a few feet away
and began to lick his penis. I knew what I wanted to do. I crawled over to
the dog and gently began to suck the dog's penis. I managed to get some
more sperm out of his cock. It tasted similar to human sperm but was
thinner. Once the dog was clean I lapped up the trail of sperm that had
leaked out of my asshole. I finished by sticking two fingers in my anus and
collecting what I could to eat. I was about as low and depraved as a human
could get. Here I was, a beautiful woman who could have just about anything
I wanted and I was here at a dingy bar being gang banged and dogfucked. The
strange thing was I couldn't think of anyplace I would rather be.

After my session with the dog, I looked around for another cock to suck or
fuck. I was content to suck and fuck all night. Unfortunately, the men had
thinned out. I was now alone with my thoughts. Before today, I was the type
of woman who would never be caught in a place like this doing what I had
done. Now, I was simply a sex toy, a nasty slut who has sex with animals.
It occurred to me that I now felt comfortable with the slut label. I also
knew that it was incompatible with my former status.

Fred and Joe offered to take me back to the motel. The boys dropped me at
the motel and declined my invitation to a private session. It seemed that
they were all fucked out, as well. Alone in the room I thought about
cleaning up in the tub. I decided against it, however. I liked the feeling
of all the dried sweat and cum coating my skin. I curled up on the bed and
began to lick my limbs. I fell asleep with the most blissful feelings I
could remember.

I awoke the next morning to a most offensive smell. I recalled the
activities of the night before with horror. I also recalled the wonderful
feelings that I knew I could never live without. More exploration was in
order. I cleaned up and made it to my bible seminar just a little late. For
the next two weeks I studied the bible during the day and hit the streets
at night. I've now experienced all the sexual activities Dallas has to
offer, from the single's scene to being the main entertainment for a
bachelor party.

I'm going home tomorrow. I've been trying to figure out how to return to my
life as a minister's wife and mother of two and still enjoy my newfound
life as a slut. I guess I will just have to make more trips out of town. If
I get a chance, I'll pass along what happened in Dallas over the last two
weeks. We'll talk soon.
_________________________________________________________________

