From ???@0x00003B54 Tue Sep 02 22:12:53 1997
Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!news1.rto.mci.net!news-out.internetmci.com!infeed1.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!199.120.150.5!news.ridgecrest.ca.us!nntp-server.caltech.edu!nntp1.jpl.nasa.gov!newsfeed.qnet.com!news.he.net!news.dra.com!feed1.news.erols.com!news1.netusa.net!qz!not-for-mail
From: Anndouglas@aol.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Subject: AnnD: Jennifer's Surprise - ??
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: 25 Aug 1997 13:56:24 GMT
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Lines: 323
Approved: <usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
Message-ID: <3365eli$9708250954@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
NNTP-Posting-Host: alpha.netusa.net
X-Trace: news.netusa.net 872517384 6754 (None) 204.141.0.10
X-Complaints-To: news@news.netusa.net
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/Year97/3365.txt>
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded <story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Original-Message-ID: <970824111133_48755076@emout19.mail.aol.com>
Xref: newsfeed.san.rr.com alt.sex.stories.moderated:1794 alt.sex.stories:79845
Status: N


Hello once again.  As in the past, comments are both
appreciated  and encouraged.  Suggestions are also
welcome. Please respond by E-Mail as it makes it
easier for me to get your reaction.   One  thing I do
ask is that you now include your first name and age
in  your comments.  It gives me a better idea who
my audience is.


           - JENNIFER'S SURPRISE-
                        By Ann Douglas

        "This trip has been a waste!" Jennifer said to
herself as she  signaled to the bartender for a refill
on the drink.
        Go to the Club Med on Martinique, the
travel agent had said.   Its one big party
with great guys all over the place.  Seven days of fun
and sun.  
        Well she'd been here four days and all the
guys he's met were  wither hopeless jerks or ego
tripping jocks looking for an easy lay.  If she wanted 
to meet guys like that she could've stayed home.        
        "Excuse me, mind if I sit here?" said a voice
from behind  Jennifer.
        Looking up, Jennifer saw the voice belonged
to a tall woman of  about 30, dark haired and
slightly Hispanic in her features. She wore a small 
bikini top which barely contained her 36"  breasts
and a short blue skirt.
        "I know there are still some empty tables, but
if I sit alone  I'll have some guy hitting on me before
I can even get a drink."
        Jennifer smiled and motioned to the empty
seat across from  her.
        "Thanks" the older woman said as she settled
into the chair  and signaled for a drink.
        "Jennifer Carson  from New York"  the 19
yr. old said as she  brushed back her brown hair.       
        "Jade Martinez  of San Jaun ," answered the
woman as the  bartender placed her drink before her.
        "You're right about the guys," Jennifer said. 
"I've been hit  on by so many assholes these last four
days that I'm seriously thinking of going home
early."
        "Oh don't do that,  I'm sure if you hang in
there you'll find  someone."
        "Maybe...." Jennifer said.
        The conversation went on as they learned
more about each other. An hour and several drinks
later, Jennifer decided she truly liked this woman.  It
wasn't anything she could put her finger on but there
was definitely something.
        "Oh shit!" said Jennifer in a low voice as she
noticed her  roommate crossing the
bar. "Not again."
        "Whats the matter?" Jade asked.
        "That's my roommate," she answered as she
pointed to the giggling blonde crossing the dance
floor with one of those "jocks".  "It's been 
like this every night.  She meets some asshole jock
and winds up back at our room humping 
his brains out.  Then I wind up spending the night
camped out on the beach or in a  lawn chair.  I'm
really getting tired of this."
        "Can't you discuss it with her," Jade asked.
"Did she come here with you?"
        "Never met her before the day I got here.  I
came on a package plan, you have to have two to a
room. They just matched us up when we got off the 
plane.  I tried talking to her and her only response
was that if I wanted to I was more than welcome to
join in the fun.  Given the selection I don't think I'm
going to ever get that desperate."
        "Well....maybe you can switch rooms."
        "I tried that, they said they had no other
requests for  switches and theres no way I
could afford the upgrade to a single room."
        "Hmmmm......"Jade said  as she ran her
tongue across her red lips.  "I have a single
and its really a lot more room that I need.  If you
like you can move in with me.  I can promise I won't
be bringing any if those guys back to my room 
at night."
        "I don't know...." Jennifer said, running her
fingers across 
the top of her drink.
        While she thought it over, Jennifer took a
good look at the woman on the other side of the
table.  She was pretty sure Jade was being more 
than honest when she said she wouldn't be bringing
any guys back to the room.  Several times 
during their conversation, she had noticed Jade
staring at her breasts, much the same way 
guys did.  The idea that she might be a lesbian or at
least bisexual didn't bother Jennifer.  A few years
before she had experimented with bisexuality during
a vacation and found it not unpleasant.  She
hadn't followed up on it when she got home because
she was afraid that none of her friends would ever
understand.  But here, no one knew here, she 
could be anyone she wanted.
        "Oh what the hell......" Jennifer said out loud.
"Why not."
        "Wonderful!"  Jade exclaimed.  "I know
you'll love it."
        "To new friends....." Jennifer said as she
raised her drink.
        "......and new experiences." Jade added.
        They finished their drinks and moved off to
dinner.  A quick stop at Jennifer's room afterwards
took care of her luggage and they dripped it 
off at Jades.
        "Lets leave it all for later, Jenn, "  Jade said
as they dropped the suitcases on the
couch.  "Lets go dancing."
        So off they went, dancing the night away on
one of the discos.  Since there were plenty of
women dancing together, no one gave them a
second look.  Dancing with Jade, Jennifer was now
positive that the night would end with them 
sharing more than the same bed.  She found that she
was now looking forward to it.
        

        Jade entered the room first, turning on the
light.  Then as Jennifer followed, the older woman
dimmed it to half its brightness.
        "Do you want another drink?  Jade asked
with a wide smile.
        "Not unless you want me to fall fast asleep." 
Jennifer answered.
        "Oh, definitely not...."  Jade countered as her
smile drew larger.      
        Moving to Jennifer's side, Jade brushed her
long brown hair away from her face. Lightly holding
the sides of the smaller woman's face, she pulled
Jennifer closer and kissed her.
        Jennifer made no attempt to break the kiss,
having made up her mind earlier to enjoy Jade's
pleasures.  She opened her mouth and was rewarded 
as Jade's tongue found hers.
        A long series of small  kisses followed  as
they explored each other,  tasting the scent of each
others bodies.  Jade continued onto Jenn's neck 
and licked along the canals of her ears.
        Finally,  Jade broke the embrace and took a
large step back, undoing the strings of her bikini top. 
Her large brown tipped breasts burst forward 
as the tightly bound garment fell to the floor. 
Running her long red fingernails across her 
breasts she gave them a playful squeeze.  
        "Do you like?"  She asked as she pulled one
upward and gave the dark nipple a lick.
        Jennifer answered with a smile of
appreciation.  All of her girlfriends had breasts as
white as her own, she found Jades darker skin highly
exotic.
        Reaching forward she replaced Jade's hand
with her own, feeling the nipples harden at her
touch.
        "Mmmm" Jade murmured.
        Lifting the breasts upward, Jennifer leaned
forward and kissed them.  Her tongue first caressing
the nipples and then her mouth eagerly engulfing it. 
The warmth of Jennifer's mouth moved upward,
depositing sweet kisses along Jade's body as it went. 
Returning to Jade's mouth, tongue once again found
tongue as the two locked in a tight embrace.
        Jade ran her hands down Jennifer's chest,
undoing her blouse and pulling it off. She grabbed a
breast in each hand and buried her face between
them.  Hot, wet kisses covered each nipple as the
larger woman eased Jennifer back onto the 
bed.  Without diverting her attention from her
breasts, Jade pulled off both Jennifer's skirt and
panties, leaving her naked.
        No sooner had the panties hit the floor when
Jade rammed her long slender fingers into the
already wet pussy.
        "Oooohh!"  Jennifer sighed as Jade moved
her fingers in and out.
        After a few more strokes, Jade joined her
fingers with her tongue and began licking the hot
pussy with reckless abandon.
        "Oh yes!.....Suck that pussy!" Jenn yelled as
she held onto Jade's head and thrusted her dripping
cunt into a more than eager mouth.
        In minutes, Jennifer was bouncing like a cat
in heat, she'd never had her pussy licked like this . 
No man or woman had ever approached Jade's 
skill with her tongue. 
        Jenn was so lost in estacy she didn't notice at
first when Jade slid a pussy wet finger into her ass
and began fucking that.  After a few strokes that
began to drive Jennifer even wilder.
        "God, I wish I had a dildo!"  She yelled as
she felt yet another explosion building inside her.  "I
want to be fucked until I drop!"
        Suddenly, Jade stopped and took a step
back..... It was a  few  seconds before Jennifer
realized she had stopped.
        "I'm sorry...." She panted." Please don't
stop......That was the most incredible pussy licking
I've ever had."
        Jade turned around and bent over, removing
her skirt and panties.  With her back still to Jenn she
ran her fingers across her soft tanned ass.
        "Oh......." Jennifer said.  "I guess its my turn
to eat some pussy."  she added with a smile.
        "Not exactly......." Jade said as she started to
turn around.
        

        Jennifer's eyes and mouth both jumped open
when Jade turned all the way around. Suspended
between the legs of this incredibly  beautiful woman 
was a  cock and balls. At first she thought they were
fake but then realized they were the real thing as the
limp cock was already beginning to harden.
        "I don't fucking believe this!  Jenn said as she
moved to get a closer look.
        "I hope you're not disappointed." Jade said.
        Jennifer had once seen a sex film that had
featured a transsexual, so she knew Jade wasn't
really a guy.  In fact if anything, she was more
woman than any of her girlfriends back home.
        "Aren't you going to say anything?"  Jade
said in hesitation.  A slight fear in her voice that said
that she was afraid that Jennifer was going to turn
and run.        
        Instead Jennifer reached forward and
grabbed the erecting cock.  She licked the tip
a few times and then swallowed it whole.  Her head
surged back and forth as she buried her fingers into
Jade's ass cheeks, bringing her cock to a rock 
hardness.
        Now it was Jade's turn to moan in estacy as
Jennifer gave both her cock and balls her undivided
attention.  If she was nothing else, Jenn was a 
champion cock sucker.
        Several times she brought her to the edge if
climax, but stopped just short of ejaculation.  Not
that she minded a mouthful of cum, she just had
other plans.
        Releasing the cock, she dropped back onto
the bed and spread her legs giving Jade a full and
unobstructed view of her still wet pussy.
        "I want you to fuck me...." She said as she
rubbed her pussy. "I want you to fuck me so hard
that they'll hear me cum on the other side of the 
island!"
        Without a moments hesitation, Jade joined
her on the bed and lifted the girls legs into the air. 
With a single thrust she drove her seven inch 
cock deep within her, repeating it twice before
Jennifer could catch her breath.
        Dropping atop the smaller girl, she covered
her mouth with her own , never stopping her pelvic
thrusts.  This time the kiss was savage, drawing a
drop of blood as she bit down on Jennifer's lip. 
Moving downward she attacked Jenn's breasts with
the same animal intensity.  The small pink nipples
disappeared into Jades mouth as she alternated
between sucking and biting.
        Fighting for breath, Jennifer couldn't get out
the words.  She had passed any previous level of
bliss, no man had ever fucked her as completely as
this strange man-woman. She wanted it to go on
forever.
        "I'm.... gonna.... cum ...."  She finally
managed to whisper.
        No sooner had the words been spoken than
Jade pulled out and  with a strength
that caught Jenn by surprise, flipped her over onto
her stomach.  Then with an equally powerful thrust,
Jade pulled Jennifer's pelvis into the air and
reentered her pussy from the rear.
        Now Jade became ever more forceful, lifting
Jenn off the bed with each reentry. Both knew they
couldn't hold off the explosion much longer, it 
was only the question of who would be first.
        Deep inside her Jennifer felt the first burst of
hot cum erupt from the cock deep within her.  That
was the final touch as her body exploded and her
mind  filled with bright lights.  Her mouth opened to
scream but no sound emerged, there was no energy
left as she collapsed onto the bed in a sweat covered
heap. Followed  a second later by Jade.
        Time stood still as their love juices mixed
and dripped  down  their bodies.  Both were too
completely exhausted to break the embrace they had 
collapsed into.
        Finally Jade broke the silence.
        "I wasn't sure how you were going to take
this........" She said.  "But you were so pretty I had
to take the chance."
        Jennifer's only reply was a small smile as she
rolled herself  from under Jade and propped herself
up on a pillow.
        "It was a shock for a moment, " She said.
"but there is something you can do to make it up to
me."
        "And what would that be?"  Jade asked with
hesitation ,  wondering if she had made a dreadful
mistake in trusting the girl.
        "Do it again......."  Jennifer said as she smiled
ever wider.



END  

            



-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/>    .../assm/faq.html> /
