                    JENNY GETS A CAR

                     by V.P. Viddler

                       

     "Do you know what I saw on my way home from school today, 
Daddy?"

     "I don't think I want to know, Jenny."

     "But, Daddy--I saw this great little car--"

     "I don't want to hear this, Jenny."

     "It's just a small car, Daddy--a tiny tiny car, a Toyota, 
actually, is what it is. And it only costs--"

     "Stop, Jenny. Stop right now."

     "Daddy--"

     "No, Jenny. Just no."

     "Daddy--how do you think I look today?"

     "Don't, Jenny. Don't start this. I don't want to start 
this."

     "But don't you think I look all right? Look at this, Daddy. 
Do you like what I'm wearing today?"

     "Jenny--don't. You know I don't want this."

     "Don't you, Daddy?"

     "I--no. Damn it, no. Go upstairs now."

     "All right, Daddy. But just tell me if you like my outfit, 
okay? How about this skirt, for instance. Do you think it suits 
me, Daddy?"

     "Jenny--don't."

     "I thought you might like this shirt, Daddy. Or do you think 
it's too short? Just a bit? But then, you don't mind looking at 
me in short skirts, do you, Daddy?"

     "Damn it, Jenny, I said go upstairs."

     "All right, Daddy. Anything you say. I'll go up slowly, all 
right? And you can watch my legs as I climb the stairs, and you 
can look up my skirt and watch my thighs moving."

     "Jenny, for god's sake--"

     "You like to watch my legs, Daddy. I know that. You think my 
thighs are nice, don't you, Daddy? You think they're sexy."

     "Jenny--for god's sake--"

     "You can see almost all of my thighs now, Daddy, with this 
short skirt, but if you want to see more of them, I can lift it 
up for you. Would you like that, Daddy?"

     "Jenny don't do this, for Christ sake, I don't want this, 
you know I don't, I don't want to--"

     "Look, Daddy. Look at my legs. Aren't they pretty? You can 
look as much as you want to; I'll just stand here and hold my 
skirt up for you. Do you want to touch them? I could just walk 
across the room to you and you could put your hands on them, 
Daddy. I know you love that. Shall I?"

     "I don't want to do this, for god's sake, Jenny, why are you 
doing this--"

     "Because I want that car, Daddy. You know that."

     "But this--you're my daughter, my own--"

     "That never stopped you before, Daddy, did it?"

     "You little bitch. I don't want this, damn it. I don't want 
to be this way."

     "But you can't help it, can you, Daddy? You can't stop 
yourself. You know you can't. You want me."

     "Oh, god."

     "You want my body, Daddy. Don't you?"

     "No!"

     "Oh, Daddy, what a liar you are! But you're still looking at 
my legs, Daddy. And what about my top? Do you like it? It's such 
a pretty thing, I think, sort of orangeish, wouldn't you say? I 
know it's a little bit tight on me, but you don't think it's too 
tight, do you, Daddy? Of course, I should wear a bra with it, but 
I'm not. You can probably tell that, can't you, Daddy? It just 
clings to my breasts, doesn't it? All around. And look how it 
shows my nipples--oh, that's wicked, isn't it? They just stick 
out like anything; but that's because they're all hard, Daddy; 
they grow so hard and stiff when a man is looking at me that way, 
the way you are, Daddy."

     "I'm not, damn you. Damn you, Jenny. I'm not."

     "But you are, Daddy. You can't help it. It's like you want 
to strip all the clothes from my body, and just touch it all 
over, run your hands all over it, and then just throw me down and 
do it to me. That's what you'd like to do, isn't it, Daddy? Throw 
me right down on this floor and take me, take my body, do it to 
me until I--"

     "No! Stop. Jenny. I won't. Not this time. It's no good. Go 
away."

     "Would you like me to take my top off, Daddy? Shall I show 
you my breasts? Don't you want to see me naked? Touch me, naked? 
I'll strip for you, Daddy, and you can--"

     "Oh god help me. No, Jenny. I won't. Don't. I won't do it. I 
won't buy you a car. I don't care what you do. No car. Do you 
understand? No!"

     "All right, Daddy. All right. I'm just going to sit down 
now. I'll sit right here, but don't worry, I'll keep my skirt 
high so you can still look at my thighs. Okay? Do you want me to 
take my top off anyway?"

     "I don't care. I don't care what you do. It won't change 
anything."

     "Okay, Daddy. If you say so. I think I'll just pull it off. 
You can watch my breasts bounce around as I pull it off my body. 
Isn't that sexy, Daddy? I know you think I have pretty breasts. 
Look at how my nipples are all stiff. That's for you, Daddy. 
Wouldn't you like to touch them? I'll bet you can remember how my 
breasts feel. Can't you, Daddy? Don't you think about how good it 
was to put your hands on them? Isn't it exciting, Daddy? Isn't my 
body turning you on? It usually turns you on, Daddy, I know. such 
a young, soft, firm body, isn't it, Daddy? And you know what I 
can do with it. You remember, Daddy. Think about it. I'm going to 
take my panties off now. Watch, Daddy. Is that nice? You do want 
me, Daddy. You know you do. I know it too. You want this body so 
much. You can have it, Daddy. Right now. It could be all yours. 
Any way you want."

     "Damn you to hell! I'm not going to do it, Jenny. Damn you."

     "But you can remember how it was, can't you, Daddy? How it 
was to be on top of me, taking me, doing it to me, to your own 
daughter."

     "Stop, for god's sake, don't..."

     "Think about it, Daddy. How it felt to have this body 
underneath you, with these legs around your waist, holding you. 
Think about how it was, with my body twisting against you, 
twisting and squirming and bucking with you, and how my lips felt 
on yours, how you kissed my mouth and bit my tongue and how--"

     "No! Stop. Please, Jenny. Please. Please. I won't, I can't."

     "You can, Daddy. You want to."

     "No! No car. No car. Period. Okay? All right? No. Fucking. 
Car. That's it!"

     "Well. Gosh. That's too bad, Daddy. That's really 
disappointing. I mean, a car has a lot of possibilities. You can 
do a lot of things in a car, if you think about it. You know, I 
thought that maybe you and I might go for a ride in it. You know, 
out into the country or something. And you could drive, Daddy. 
You enjoy driving, don't you? And I would sit right beside you. 
And we would talk and stuff, and watch all that scenery and all 
going by, and wouldn't that be fun?"

     "Jenny, look--"

     "And maybe I could sort of start playing with you a little."

     "Jenny--"

     "Oh, nothing really naughty, Daddy--nothing you wouldn't 
dig, anyway. Just with my hand--at first. Just playing around. My 
hand in your lap."

     "Jenny--"

     "Just to sort of entertain you as you're driving, you know? 
Make you feel good. Just my hand, Daddy. Playing with you. 
Stroking you. You won't mind. I'll bet you won't mind a bit. I 
bet you're getting hard right now, thinking about it. Right? 
Aren't you, Daddy?"

     "Damn you."

     "You think about it, Daddy. And then my fingers, unzipping 
you. Oh, Daddy. Unzipping your pants. Dipping in there. Finding 
you. Taking you out. Oh, Daddy. All hard, all wanting your 
naughty daughter. Oh, yes. Are you hard, Daddy? Are you hard 
right now? Do you want your daughter to come over and play?"

     "No. No, Jenny. It's not right, it's not fair--"

     "And you know, Daddy, this Toyota, it's such a convenient 
kind of car, doesn't have that silly lump right in the middle of 
that front seat, to get in the way and all. That front seat is 
all nice and flat. So what I could do, Daddy, I could just lay 
down on that seat, lay right down on my tummy, okay?"

     "Jenny...don't..."

     "And I could sort of hitch myself up so my head could kind 
of rest in your lap. You know what I'm saying, Daddy? My face 
would be right over your lap. Right over your crotch, Daddy. And 
if I just put my head down--"

     "Oh. Oh god. Jenny. Don't do this to me. I'm your father. 
Please. I can't stand it."

     "I know, Daddy. I know you can't. Can I have that car?"

     "Don't do this to me, Jenny. Please."

     "But you like me to do it to you, Daddy. Especially what I'm 
talking about. Don't you remember? Don't you recall what I can do 
with my mouth? Don't you recall how nice my mouth is? And my 
lips? And my tongue? Don't you, Daddy?"

     "You slut."

     "Think about it, Daddy. Driving along. In my car. With your 
big stiff thing standing up, and my face right above it, moving 
down. Slowly. Think of how my hair will touch it first. My soft 
hair, brushing along your skin, brushing back and forth, stroking 
over it. Thank about how that feels."

     "I remember."

     "I know, Daddy. And then my lips. Just touching you. Just 
very softly kissing, lightly kissing. Kissing it. All over. 
Licking it. Stroking it with my tongue. Do you remember my 
tongue, Daddy?"

     "I remember."

     "Can you feel it, Daddy? Are you thinking about it?"

     "Yes. Yes. I am. I do."

     "And now my mouth, Daddy. Finding you. Opening for you. 
Slowly. Slowly at first. Just a little at first. Taking you in. 
Into my mouth. Gradually. Bit by bit. Sliding into your 
daughter's mouth."

     "Oh Jesus god, oh Christ."

     "Yes, Daddy. Think about it. Think about my mouth. You know 
what it's like. You know I can take you all the way in. All the 
way, Daddy. All the way into my mouth. Into my throat. I'll hold 
you there. Licking you. Sucking you. I'll suck you, Daddy. Think 
about me sucking you. So slowly. As you drive down that road. 
Lying on my stomach. Sucking you."

     "Jenny--"

     "Keep watching the road, Daddy. You don't want any 
accidents. Just look at the road. I know it's hard, because 
probably my skirt will be up around my waist, and my bare thighs 
will be showing, and if anybody else should pass us on that road, 
they'll probably get a real eyeful. But I don't care, Daddy, I'm 
just going to go on sucking you, sucking and sucking you, until 
you can't stand it any more, Daddy. Until you can't hold it back 
any more, and you shoot it all, Daddy, shoot it right down my 
throat, and god, I hope you don't crash the car, Daddy, because I 
know how you love to shoot down my throat, and I'll just swallow 
it all down, think about it, Daddy, swallowing it all, your 
naughty daughter swallowing again and again as you shoot into my 
mouth, driving that car down that road."

     "Bitch. Oh you bitch. You wicked--"

     "I could do it now, Daddy. Not in a car, of course, because 
I don't have a car, do I, Daddy? Yet. But I could do it anyway. 
Just go right over to you and go down on my knees, all naked as I 
am, and put my mouth down there and--"

     "You little slut."

     "Am I a slut, Daddy? Do you want your slut daughter to suck 
you off? Think about what this slut can do, Daddy. Think about 
how you like this slut body. How you like to kiss it all over. 
All the things you want to do to it."

     "I do, you bitch, I do, I can't help it."

     "I know, Daddy. I know you do. And you can, Daddy. You can 
do anything you want to it. You can have your nasty slut of a 
daughter any way you want her. Any way at all. Just say I can 
have that car, Daddy. That's all. Just say that. That car. Any 
way at all, Daddy."

     "I should--"

     "Think about having me, Daddy. Think about my thighs around 
your body. Think about my breasts mashing into you. Think about 
kissing my mouth. Think about me bouncing and rolling underneath 
you. Think about--"

     "I should--"

     "Just say it, Daddy. Say it's all right."

     "I should--"

     "What, Daddy? You should what?"

     "I should--punish you."

     "What, Daddy?"

     "Punish you. I should...punish you."

     "Punish me?"

     "Yes. I--yes. I want to. Punish you."

     "Punish? You--what do you mean, Daddy?"

     "Yes. Punish."

     "I--I don't--how? How, Daddy? How do you want to punish me?"

     "No."

     "Tell me, Daddy."

     "I--no."

     "Daddy. Do you want to punish me?"

     "No. Yes. I don't know."

     "If you did--Daddy--if you did--punish me--then--could I 
have the car? Daddy?"

     "I--"

     "Daddy? Could I?"

     "I--don't know."

     "What do you want to do to me, Daddy? Do you want to hurt 
me?"

     "Hurt you. Yes. Yes. I want to hurt you."

     "Oh. Well. Daddy. Do you--want to spank me?"

     "No."

     "No?"

     "Kid stuff."

     "Oh. Of course. You don't want to do kid stuff. I'm not a 
kid any more, am I, Daddy? I'm a big girl now. A big naughty 
girl, and you want to punish me like a grown-up. Is that right, 
Daddy?"

     "Yes. That's right."

     "And if I--All right. All right, Daddy. Hurt me. Hurt me any 
way you want. I know I'm a bad girl. I know I'm a naught slut 
daughter. And you'd like to pay me back, wouldn't you, Daddy? You 
want to make me pay for all the nasty things you've done to me. 
You want to hurt that body that tempts you so much. You want me 
to suffer, don't you, Daddy? You want me to cry. You want me to 
scream. You want to watch me in pain, shouting with pain, 
twisting in agony. Is that it, Daddy? Is that what you want?"

     "Yes. That is what I want. Jenny. Yes."

     "And if I do that for you, Daddy--if I let you hurt me, and 
cry for you and scream for you and twist for you, and crawl for 
you, all you want, Daddy--if I do all that, then will you buy me 
that car? Daddy?"

     "God. You're such a witch, Jenny. Such a depraved little 
witch."

     "How do you want to do it, Daddy? Do you want to spread my 
body out on my bed, stretch me out, straining, open, helpless, 
for whatever you will do to me? Or do you want to hang me up, 
Daddy. Think how I would look hanging naked by my wrists, Daddy. 
Think of having me dangling from the ceiling, all of my body 
straining, swaying, twisting helplessly in the air. Think of 
hanging me with my feet off the floor, my legs straining, 
twitching, kicking. Think of how my breasts will look, tight, 
taut, upthrust, all exposed. Think about whipping me that way, 
Daddy. Think how my body would jerk and writhe and squirm and 
twist. Think how my breasts would bounce and shudder at each 
lash. Think how my legs would thrash and kick in agony. And think 
how I would scream, Daddy. Scream and scream. Think how I would 
beg you to stop. Promising to be good, to do anything you wanted. 
But you wouldn't stop, would you, Daddy? Think about whipping my 
body all over, whipping my back and my waist and my behind and my 
thighs and my calves, and whipping my breasts, Daddy, and my 
stomach and my hips and my thighs again, and whipping my crotch, 
Daddy. Think of that, Daddy. You'd make me hold my legs apart for 
you, and I wouldn't think I could do it, but you'd make me, you'd 
whip my breasts until I had to do it, and I'd open my legs and 
hold them that way and you'd whip my crotch, Daddy, and I'd yell 
and howl and go crazy with that pain until you stopped. Is that 
what you want, Daddy? You could do all kinds of things to me, I 
know that, Daddy. I can't even stand to think of it, but I know 
you want to do it all. You'll break me, Daddy. I know that. 
You'll grind me into dust. And finally I'll crawl for you, Daddy. 
Think about watching me crawling for you, crawling like an 
animal, on my hands and knees, your begging, broken slut of a 
daughter. And then I would crawl to you and bow down to you and 
give you my mouth, my crying, sobbing mouth, and I'd suck you as 
your slave, your slut cock-sucking slave daughter. I would 
swallow it all if you wanted, or if you felt like it you could 
shoot it in my face, right into my face, all over my face, in my 
hair, in my eyes, in my nose, on my lips, until I was dripping 
with it. Soaking with it. Then you could have my body any time 
you want, Daddy, any time, any way at all. I would be yours, 
Daddy, to do with as you wish. A toy, a thing for your pleasure, 
a plaything. To hurt if you want. To punish. To possess. If you        
want me to, I will go naked all the time for you. Or I will only 
wear very short skirts, very tight tops. So my body is always on 
view for you. Always available. You could keep me tied up all the 
time, have me in bondage always. My hands tied behind my back. 
My thighs bound together. My hair bound to my wrists, pulling my 
head back, making my breasts stick out. I'd be a sex toy. That's 
all. Your daughter the sex toy. And if you got tired of that, you 
could call up some of your friends and lend me to them for an 
hour. Or a day. Or a week. Think of making me perform for your 
pals, think of watching your naughty daughter submitting to a 
bunch of men, going down for them, spreading for them, fucking 
them at your command. Think of that, Daddy. Think about going 
into a restaurant with me, and running into a man you know 
slightly. `This is my daughter,' you could say. `Isn't she 
pretty? Do you want her to suck your cock? Jenny, go under this 
table and suck Mr. So-and-so off. Do it good, Jenny,' you'd say. 
And I would do it, Daddy. I'd go down under that table and I 
would take his cock out and I would suck it like it was never 
sucked before. `That's my cock-sucking slut daughter,' you would 
say. `Isn't she good with that mouth? Any time you want it again, 
pal, just ask. Jenny will do anything I say.' Wouldn't you like 
that, Daddy? Are you hot, Daddy? Have I got you all hot now, do 
you want to punish me now? Do you want my body? My mouth? Just 
say I can have that car, Daddy. And you can strip me naked and 
lash me onto the front of that car, just spread my body out 
across the hood and lash my wrists and ankles, a living, naked 
figurehead, and you can drive that car all through the town and 
show everybody your naked slut of a daughter, and you could park 
that car right on Main Street and watch as all the men took my 
body, right there on the hood of my car, thousands of them, 
taking my body, having me, doing it to your daugher, and I would 
twist and pull against the ropes, but in vain, and you could 
watch all this time, and you could say, `How do you like your 
car, Jenny? How do you like it now, you lousy bitch?' And 
afterwards I would kneel in the dirt and suck you with my crying, 
sobbing mouth, suck you and suck you and swallow it all all..."
