Archive-name: Bondage/jensub01.txt
Archive-author: Storm
Archive-title: Jennifer's Submission


                Part 1 - Jen Loses her Virginity

     Jen wanted her first time to be with some one she really
trusted, and she more than trusted Brad, she loved him.  There were
times that she felt that she only lived for him, and from that
moment on, decided that she would do *anything* to please him, and
she did.

     Jen met Brad at a party off campus a few months ago.  Brad and
Jen hit it off right away.  They had seen each other on occasion
and they would have some conversation, how was school, usual ice
breaker stuff.  There was a certain mystique about him that she
liked.  And he was 28, which excited her.

     One night she was at the gallaria mall.  There was a car show
and Brad was there with his older brother who was showing off his
'56 Vette.

     Brad felt a twitch in his belly as he watched 19 year old
Jennifer as they talked.  He looked her up and down, not quite
believing that this perky, tanned little 19 year old was hitting on
him, and that he was actually attracted to her for more than sex,
although her firm lithe body left nothing to be desired.

     She had jet black hair and stood about 5' 4", and barely
looked a day over 16.  She was wearing a bright yellow/green
striped polo shirt that just covered past her firm little ass, and
her favorite pair of jeans (the stretchy ones that had zippers on
the ankles so you could get them over your feet!), and low top
keds.

     He asked her if she'd like to grab a bite to eat with him. 
Brad's cock twitched when she smiled broadly and said she'd like
that, *a lot*.  They exchanged pleasantries with his brother and
left the mall.

     They walked through the parking lot, Brad taking her hand as
they walked.  She blushed, never having done this before, let alone
having ever been this bold.

     He led her to his old Dodge Duster and opened the door for
her.  She got in, her stomach nervous.  She couldn't believe she
was leaving her car in the mall parking lot, and getting into the
car with a total stranger that she just met a half hour ago.

     Her pussy tingled as the engine of the sportster roared to
life.  They made small talk on the way out to Christy's in
Westtown.  Once inside they ordered steaks.

     Jen asked Brad what he did for a living and he told her he
worked for an advertising firm in New York City, but was starting
to get more and more into freelance work.

     After dinner, he drove her out to his place in Mount Hope.  He
had a nice home.  It was a two level place with a great deck that
on a clear night you could see Middletown.

     They walked to the deck and on the way Brad grabbed a bottle
of wine.  Once outside, they sat and enjoyed the chirp of the
crickets.  She kicked off her sneakers and put her feet up on the
rail as they listened to the romantic jazz he had playing on the
stereo.

     Feeling good and buzzed from the wine, Jen was hornier than
hell.  She said she had to use the bathroom and when she returned,
Brad had to set his glass down with a shaky hand.

     She returned to the deck only wearing her polo shirt, which
hardly hung more than two inches below her crotch, and looked at
Brad nervously as he looked her over.  His eyes ran up and down her
firm tanned legs, his cock rigid with excitement.

     Brad stood and walked over to her.  Placing his hands on her
shoulders, he pulled her close to him.  She didn't object as he
softly kissed her lips.  His tongue slipped between her warm lips
and met with hers, and in less than 30 seconds, they were both
panting heavily.

     He moved his hand down and began to caress her ass.  Brad took
both hands and grabbed the bottom of the shirt and slowly moved it
up to pull it over her head.

     He stepped back and admired her firm tanned body as she
unbuttoned his shirt and slid it down off his body.  He lowered his
head and took her left tit into his mouth while his other hand
squeezed and twisted her right nipple.  Her tiny nipples were hard
and erect, little points at the tips of her tiny breasts.

     He started stroking her thighs and stomach, cautiously
slipping his fingers into her panties, probing her swollen lips. 
Brad slipped a finger between her wet lips and began to finger her
rigid clit, her whole body tensed, clamping her long thin legs
together, her last moan stuck in her throat.

     Brad looked at her quizzically, then it hit him what was going
on.  He opened his mouth, but before he could ask, She shyly told
him that she was a virgin in the softest, cutest voice, that made
him almost cum right in his pants.

     Brad swooped her up off her feet, carrying her into his
bedroom where he gently lay her back onto the bed.  He straddled
her and slid his tongue into her wet mouth.

     Their tongues danced together and his hands worked her bikini
panties down over her hips.  She shivered and moaned passionately,
her small hands rubbing his chest and back as he pulled her bikini
panties off her legs.

     Now exposed, Brad began fingering her clit and kissed her,
slowly working his mouth down her tits to her pussy, his tongue
lapping up her delicious taste.

     He snaked his tongue between her parted lips and began licking
her wet slit.  Brad slowly and teasingly lapped her juicy pussy
lips and shoved his tongue up her tight hole.

     Brad climbed on top of Jen and they rolled over together so
that she was on top of him.  They kissed for a little while before
Brad gently pushed her down towards his hips.  With shaking hands,
she worked his jeans off, freeing his throbbing 8 inch cock.

     "Oh God, Jen, suck me,"  She looked down at his hard cock, and
a little unsure of what to do, lowered her head and began sucking. 
Brad moaned as he watched her head bobbing up and down on his hard
cock.

     He looked over her small firm body lovingly, she looked so
young!  He placed his hand on the back of her head and pushed his
cock deeper into her mouth.  He felt her begin to gag and let up a
little.  He was so turned on by the panicked panting sounds of her
breathing that it wasn't long before he felt his load rushing to
the engorged head of his pulsing cock.

     Slowly the semen began to surge from his dick into her mouth. 
At first she seemed surprised and tried to pull her head away, cum
running from between her cock spread lips, but his hand held her
head down fast, and she began to hungrily swallow all of his juice
to prevent herself from choking.

     She kept on sucking his cock as he reached over and pulled her
ass toward him, and when they were in the sixty-nine position Brad
started licking and sucking on her soft, hot pussy.

     It was only a matter of seconds before Jen let out a gasping
moan, her body trembled as her first real orgasm took control of
her body.  She turned around and fell on top of him.  She looked at
him lazily as they tenderly kissed, Brad stroking her firm little
ass, his fingers occasionally fondling her tight brown hole.

     Brad gave Jen a little time to recover, his cock never having
gotten quite soft, and rolled Jen over onto her back and once again
began to savagely kiss her lips while he spread her long thin legs
open.

     He shimmed down and got between her legs, placing his large
cock-head against her pussy lips and teasingly stroking it up and
down her pussy.  Jen started moaning and begging Brad to fuck her,
begging in a voice that was almost a cry to be kind to her virgin
slit.

     Brad reassured her by kissing her, softly telling her to relax
and get ready.  She looked up at him longingly and asked him to
play with her tits.

     "You try it, I'm gonna be very busy down here," he replied,
gently placing her hands on her breasts, she began massaging her
tits, a little self consciously at first, but as Brad continued to
tease her pussy, she became lost in ecstacy.

     Brad gently slid his head between her lips, sliding down her
slit until his head was in place above her tight virgin hole.  He
lowered his head and their tongues met, and in one quick thrust
pushed his thick cock into her tight pussy, tearing at her soft
vaginal tissues.

     Jen's yelp caught in her throat, her body tensely arched. 
Brad whispered into her ear, "SHhhhh... it's okay Jenny... relax,
let yourself relax now..."  Jen didn't seem to hear him at first,
then she exhaled, her body relaxing back to the bed.

     She began to slowly buck her hips up and down on the bed as
Brad started to fuck her with long, consistent strokes.  Jen began
to get into it, her head twisting from side to side, they began to
fuck in an uncontrolled frenzy.

     When she was obviously feeling no more pain, Brad moved his
hips so that she would get the full brunt of his wild thrusts.  For
once Brad was happy that he was living in the middle of no where,
Jen's moaning was so loud that it would have woke up an apartment
building for sure!!!

     She began to cum, and as her body started to come down,
another hit her.  Jennifer's body shook uncontrollably as Brad's
thick 8 incher seemed to penetrate her to her lungs.

     She was breathless, and later when she thought back, wasn't
sure how she managed the screams that came with her powerful
orgasms.

     Brad kept Jen in that wild state for what seemed like an
eternity.  He looked down at her, her hair splayed all around her
head in a wild angelic aura, his hips grinding against her pelvis
for almost 20 minutes until he felt that menacing ache in his
balls.

     Making harder thrusts, his balls erupted in a blinding orgasm. 
Jen pulled him close, her teeth closing down on the flesh of his
shoulder as his hot cum seemingly burned her insides, bringing her
to another grunting orgasm.

     She felt her pussy fill with his juice, and shivered as it
overflowed and ran down the crack of her ass.  She wished he'd
never stop cumming.


     He fell on top of her, but her eyes opened wide when she
realized that he was still rock hard inside her, and after only a
few more moments, began to gyrate his hips again.

     She shook her head no but her breath was caught in her throat,
and it was useless to fight it as another orgasm overtook her body. 
He took her two more times that night before she faded away to
exhaustion in his firm grip.

                           WATCH FOR:

                      Jennifer's Submission
Part 2:  Brad shows Jen a Bondage Film - The morning after, Brad
shows Jennifer a B&D tape and it turns her on!!

Part 3:  Jen goes on a Bondage Adventure - Brad takes Jennifer to
the pet shop to buy some collars, then prepares to take her on the
adventure of her life!!

--
