Archive-name: Bondage/jensub03.txt
Archive-author: Storm
Archive-title: Jennifer's Submission


           Part 3:  Brad Shows Jennifer a Bondage Film

     They slept together for another hour, then Brad woke up and
got some breakfast ready.  He smiled at her when she finally
drifted into the kitchen, stark naked with her hands still tied in
front of her.

     He walked over to her and they kissed, Brad reaching down and
squeezing her pussy lips as their tongues danced together.  Jen
groaned and pulled her mouth away, "You're going to kill me," she
said as she gyrated her hips against his hand.

     Brad stopped fondling her and started to untie her, leaving
Jen standing in the middle of the room aroused and frustrated.  She
was amazed at how hot being tied up made her.

     Before Brad had undone the knot, she pulled her bound wrists
away, "Brad?" she asked, he looked up at her confused, "Can we do
this again?"

     "Did you really like it?"

     Jen blushed, "Uh-huh... it... mmmmmm, makes me really hot,"
she said, looking away.

     He placed his finger under her chin and brought her face to
his and they kissed.  They sat and ate breakfast, and after they
showered together, Brad drove her to get her car and followed her
to her dorm.

     They went into her room together and Brad met her room mate,
Melanie.  She was a really nice girl, and Brad couldn't help but to
admire her beautiful dark skin, obviously latin.

     Jen went into her room and put her bikini on under her clothes
because Brad had mentioned something on the way over about catching
some rays out by the pool today.  She looked at herself in the
mirror, then went back into the main room.

     She and Brad both said their goodbyes and were on their way. 
Brad couldn't keep his eyes off Jen.  She was wearing a tank-top,
cutoffs, and tennis shoes.  They chatted on the way back over to
his place.

     Brad suggested they go out to the pool for a while, and with
that, Jen stripped down to her bikini and walked out to the pool
with Brad, who stripped to his shorts.

     They went for a swim and both fell asleep laying out on the
deck, waking later that afternoon.  They headed into the cool house
and got some iced tea to drink.

     "Hey, I got an idea.  Wanna watch a movie?"

     Jen nodded, "Okay, sounds great."  Brad took her hand and led
her to the living room where Jen sat down on the sectional.  Brad
popped a tape into the VCR and turned the TV and stereo on using
the remote.

     Jen gasped, and then giggled at what came up on the screen. 
She felt her pussy get damp as she sat on the couch in her skimpy
bikini watching the film.

     As the film started the room was filled with the sounds of
moaning.  Brad sat down and Jen slid over next to him, snuggling
close and rested her head on his shoulder, "Kinky," she said.  Brad
hushed her and told her to watch the video.  She the screen
intently.


{NOTE:  The video portion of this story is
taken from Conure's CODI2.ZIP, with *his*
personal permission, Thanx Conure!!}

     There was a pretty blond girl chained in
an upright position, her legs held apart by
manacles connected to the walls.  She was very
young, not much more than 17.

     There was a bearded man in the room with
her and he was fondling her body.  The girl
was crying, begging the man to have mercy on
her.

     The man walked over to a wall where he
hung all his whips, chains, leather harnesses
and many other undiscernible items of bondage
and punishment, and removed a long wooden
paddle.

     He walked back over to the girl and she
began to cry, moving as far forward as the
chains would allow while looking over her
shoulder.  He swung the paddle and it made a
swoosh sound as it arched through the air,
stopping with a loud "CRACK" when it contacted
her ass.  A welt raised where the paddle
struck her.

     He spent several moments paddling her
ass, thighs, and pussy.  She was reduced to a
crying, shaking animal, her hair glued to her
head from sweat produced by the intense pain
of the beating.

     The man hung the paddle back on the wall
and walked over to the girl.  He told her to
stand tall, which she did.  He then gently ran
his hands all over her body, taking time to
squeeze the welted flesh, finishing by
stroking her pussy until she said she was
going to cum.

     He stopped and shoved a vibrator into her
slit, blindfolded her as she cried for him to
let her cum, and then turned out the lights
and left the room.  She fought against the
chains, but it was no use, she was going to
spend the night hot and chained.

     The picture dimmed with the girl crying
and gyrating her hips against an imaginary
solid that would let her cum.  She moaned in
frustration as she twitched and writhed.




     Jen didn't realize it, but Brad was watching her get turned on
throughout the entire movie.  He smiled as she sat on the couch
cuddled against him unconsciously grinding her bottom into the
couch, her nipples rock hard and protruding through the thin
material of her bikini top, a wet spot appearing in her bottoms.

     Brad giggled when Jen realized she was being watched, and she
looked away, trying to cover herself.  Brad kissed her and pulled
on her hard nipples.  Once again, Jen felt that twinge in her belly
that told her she was ready to fuck, but Brad wasn't going to give
it to her that easy.

     He pulled her up off the couch and led her to the door of the
basement.  Once there, he pulled on a pair of rubber boots and then
led her into the basement.

     The basement of the house was very dimly lit.  It had a dirt
floor that was usually under two inches of water (like this day),
which really made it a thick pasty mud floor.

     Jen carefully stepped off the steps onto the floor, her bare
feet not protected from the cold slimy mud like Brad's were.

     The mud felt cool and slimy as it squished between her toes
with each step she took.  Each time she lifted a foot to step it
made a sucking sound as the mud reluctantly allowed her foot to
lift.

     She looked down as she stepped and saw the mud came at least
and inch over her ankles, it gave her chills just thinking about
it.

     Brad led her to the washer and dryer where he helped her to
step up onto the 8 inch raised platform, "It keeps the machines out
of the water," he explained to her.  He stepped up with her and
they began to kiss, his hands roaming every inch of her firm
chilled bod.

     She jumped, startled, as Brad ripped her bikini off and pushed
her forward, forcing her to bend at the waist over the dryer.  Brad
spread her legs and pulled her hands behind her back in one smooth
motion.  Taking some rope that was hanging on the wall, he tied her
wrists together, and using the extra rope he tied the rope around
her waist so that she couldn't move her arms.

     He ripped the bikini bottoms off and knelt to lick the crack
of her ass and dripping pussy, she grunted and looked back at him
as he ripped the bottoms off.  Jen groaned and watched Brad as he
caressed and fondled her body.

     "Jen, I need you to be honest with me.  Are you want to try
some bondage stuff?  You know, sorta like in the movie?" Brad
asked.

     Jen looked back at him, her face flush and her heart pounding
out a million beats per second, her stomach fluttering as her
senses were over ridden by the hot, uncontrollable desire that
burned within her.

     She nodded, needing to be pleased, wanting to do anything to
turn Brad on, which in turn turned her on even more!  "Please...
tie me up and fuck me!" she panted back to him just above a
whisper, her body trembling uncontrollably.

     "Okay, have it your way," Brad said with a smile, "Stay just
like that, don't move a muscle."  He walked away, leaving her bent
over the washer.  He returned a few moments later with a vibrator,
which he teased her swollen clit with before slowly pushing it into
her pussy.

     Jen jumped in surprise as she felt the 8 inch vibrator slip
easily between her legs, and gasped as he stroked it across her
clit and slid it slowly up into her sopping pussy.  Her insides
quivered, she bit her lip as the bent tip of the vibrator hummed
diligently at her g-spot.

     Then Brad seemed distracted as he reached into the pocket of
his shorts and pulled out a vibrating butt plug, raised it to his
mouth and spit some saliva on it for lubrication.

     Jen moaned as he placed the tapered head against her tight
asshole.  She shrieked as Brad kindly pushed the plug up her ass,
she was electrified at the fact that she lost her anal-virginity to
a piece of rubber, it made her feel, well, used.

     Jen whined as a small orgasm overtook her as Brad inserted the
two vibrators inside her.  Jen shook as the reverberating pulses of
the anal-plug making it feel like her ass was going to split in
two.

     Then her turned her around and pressed his groin hard against
hers, kissing her so deeply that she couldn't catch her breath. 
She was trembling, her pussy fluttering and clenching the vibrator
from the intense pressure of his hard cock through his shorts.

     Brad helped her up onto the washer and then slowly sat her
down so the dildo's would be pushed all the way into her orifices. 
Jen moaned as the dildo's pressed deeper and deeper into her torso,
she was dizzy and trembling very badly by now, her breathing a
little more than short pants of pleasure.

     Jen shivered as her ass came in contact with the cold metal of
the washer against her bottom.  Brad balled up her torn bikini
bottoms into a ball and then stuffed them into her mouth, using a
bandanna from the counter to secure it in with, tying it tightly
behind her head.  As the bottoms settled in her mouth, she could
taste her own musk, causing her insides to spasm again.

     He spread her legs apart and reached between them and turned
the vibrator up on high and wiggled it a little.  Jen's body
tensed, her muddy toes clenched together as the vibrators sent
waves of pleasure through her body.

     She jiggled and writhed on the washer and Brad used bungee
cords to secure her onto the top, legs spread wide giving him
access to her swollen clit.

     Occasionally the two vibrators would press together through
the thin wall of flesh in her body, her eyes would roll back into
her head and she would sway, it was a good thing that he was tying
her down!!

     Once she was secured, Brad sucked her nipples until she was
groaning for him to let her cum, but he responded by turning the
washer on for a wash cycle.

     She screamed into the gag, shaking her head no, as the machine
began to vibrate.  The vibrators had slid far enough out of her
body to have contacted the washers metallic surface, in turn
agitating the vibrators more in her ass and pussy to the point
where she couldn't stand it any longer.

     Jen looked down at Brad with pleading eyes, she was begging
him to untie her and fuck her senseless, but he paid no attention. 
Having gotten no satisfaction from Brad, Jen attempted to wriggle
her bottom against the washer to cum, but found she was too tightly
bound to move so much as an inch!
     He sucked her tits as the cycle began, stopping just as the
first spin cycle was about to begin.  Brad steeped back and smiled,
laughing inside as her breathing turned to struggling pants,
watching her writhe on top of the vibrating machine.

     "The cycle runs for 50 minutes, there's only two spin cycles,
they last 15 minutes each.  You'll be happy when they come, I
think, and just as happy when they end!  I'll be back down when the
loads done."

     He watched her struggle helplessly against the bonds that
secured her arms and legs, then shut out the light and giggled at
her muffled moans and groans coming from below.

     Jen watched with alarm, she couldn't believe that he was just
going to leave her down here in the dark tied to this old shaking
washer, but it wasn't long before the quaking vibrations of the
machine had her delirious!!

     But her alarmed state was soon replaced by dizziness, the room
was beginning to swirl around her.  Jen felt as if she had a bad
case of bed-spins!!!

     Her body was out of control, the pressure of her building
climax was becoming harder and harder to withstand.  She was
positive it was going to kill her when she finally came.

     Jen tried to scream into the gag, but it was useless, her
cries and plea's were stifled by the gag, and she could never get
enough air into her burning, heaving lungs for him to hear even if
she wasn't gagged!

     Brad quietly walked back down the stairs, leaving the lights
out, and walked along the far wall in the shadows where he knew she
couldn't see and watched her struggle in by the faint light that
came through one of the cellar windows.

     Jen's breathing became more difficult and ragged, her moans
loud even though they were muffled by the gag.  Jennifer once again
began to fight in vain against the cords that held her body fast to
the machine, jerking and writhing against the restraints.

     And in the matter of seconds, the promised first spin cycle
began, and to make matters even worse, the machine was off balance!

     Jen clenched her fists as she was shaken from one side to the
other as the washer shook and shimmied, grinding the vibrators
farther and harder against her insides, giving her the most
blinding and intense orgasm she had ever felt, her eyes rolled back
into her head, her breathing irregular sharp gasps for air.

     Brad watched in fascination as her tummy fluttered in and out
as the powerful orgasms washed over her body, she looked out of
control, her body moving her quick twitching motions.
     Jen thought she was going to die, she came again and again,
her eyes only seeing white, her body tensed rock hard, trembling
until the cycle ended.  The machine grunted to a halt leaving her
in a state of physical exhaustion.

     She dropped her head back but was too tired to cry, she just
let the intense climax finish crashing through her body.  She
wished that she could reach her clit somehow know that the lightest
touch would set her off another intense series of gut wrenching
orgasm.

     But she wasn't to be left disappointed.

     To Brad, Jennifer appeared to slip into a comatose state by
the time the spin cycle finished.  She was held upright by the
bungee, her body lax, head thrown back, her tummy and chest still
jerking in and out.  He watched as her goose pimpled chest rose and
fell, that is until the second spin came along.

     He let her sit thinking she was alone, her head falling
forwards and backwards, moaning pants, until the second spin cycle
was near.  By this time her thin body was soaked with sweat, her
hair stringy and limp around her face.  She was trembling and
shaking her head no, as if to coax the machine not to make her cum.

     Brad turned on the light and walked up to Jen.  She saw him
through her wet hanging bangs.  Brad moved her hair out of her eyes
and watched her as the machine carried her though another wild set
of orgasms, only this time Brad massaged her clit, their eyes never
leaving one another (except when Jen's eyes rolled back into her
head)

     He watched as the machine finished it final spin, Jen to
exhausted to grind any more fell forward, caught by the bungee. 
The washer's cylinder grunted to a halt.  Jen moaned as Brad untied
her, helping her off the washer.

     She fell against Brad once she was free.  He helped her off
the platform and onto her knees in the mud, her hands still behind
her.  Jen didn't even care that he put her down in the mud, her
small lithe body aching with desire, she never wanted anyone's cock
to fill her as much as she wanted Brad's right now, MUD or NOT!!

     Brad untied her wrists and pushed her forward, thrusting his
cock between her legs and up into her well lubricated pussy.  He
pounded her relentlessly sending powerful orgasm after orgasm
plowing through her agile body.

     Jen nodded vehemently, the exaggerated movements emphasizing
her needs, the machine having driven her to the edge of her sanity. 
But Brad only continued to pound her swollen pussy.

     After what seemed like an eternity to Brad, whose ball's were
ready to explode, he was close to coming!!  He tried to hold out
longer but her jerking and writhing body was too much for him.

     He felt that familiar feeling in his balls and she screamed
into her gag as he fucked her harder and faster, her body still
being slammed with one orgasm after another as his hot cum filled
her pussy and ran down her legs.

     Brad was dizzy as his orgasm overtook him, he placed his hands
on her hips and fucked her with animal frenzy, Jen still moaning
and panting into the gag, her head hung down, her short hair
touching the muddy floor of the basement.

     Wanting to collapse on top of her, Brad lifted Jen up in his
arms and carried her into the bathroom and set her gently in the
whirl-pool tub and turned on the hot water.

     Jen groaned, her head laying back on the edge of the tubs
seat, her eyes still closed.  Brad removed the gag and bottoms from
her mouth and helped her drink some water.

     Once the tub was full the whirl-pool started.  Brad climbed in
and sat next to Jen, taking her in his arms as the hot jets relaxed
their cum-spent bodies.

                Watch for Part Four coming soon:
                Jen Goes On An Outdoor Adventure
--
