Archive-name: Bondage/jenshell.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jenny and Shelly

 Chapter 1:  Eroticism and Speed

I remember the first time I associated driving fast with eroti-
cism.  I was 16 years old and I had only held my license for a
few months.  I was in "the boat" as the old Chrysler was affec-
tionately called, and driving down Rt 3.  I came around a bend
and saw a nice straightaway and pushed on the gas.  As the four
barrel opened up, I found my legs were tingling with excitement.
I stepped more boldly on the accelerator, and felt the tell tale
stirrings of an impending hard on in my groin.  As I reached 90 I
was semi-hard; I chickened out shortly thereafter.  Power and
control - it was erotic.

Several years later I had a fast car, a Mustang GT.  I had de-
veloped a taste for speed by this time, and would take a "beat
cruise" at nearly any opportunity.  My girlfriend discovered my
secret during a race with an IROC Z28 on the highway.  At speeds
in excess of 130 MPH, I was excited both by the speed and this
strange erotic feeling I got whenever I was driving more than
twice the legal speed.  My girlfriend had been resting her hand
on my inner thigh as I drove, but as I reached cruising speed she
went to move her hand away.  She accidentally brushed my by now
raging hard on, and looked at me with an upturned eyebrow.  She
was onto me, and I knew it.  I just smiled and we proceeded to
upstage the haughty IROC owner.

Getting off the highway at our exit, her hand quickly returned to
by groin.  She was teasing me - poking here, rubbing there.  I
really wanted to pull over and get some relief.

A few weeks later, we went out with her friend Shelly in Shelly's
new Trans Am.  Little did I know that Shelly had been informed of
my "need for speed."  We got on the highway and Shelly immediate-
ly began really cruising.  My cock apparently noticed the speed
and began to awaken.  Jenny was suddenly all over me.  Her hungry
mouth caught me by surprise, but I was already getting excited so
her activities just got me going even more.  I didn't realize
what she had planned at first, so I didn't do much more than kiss
her, which felt plenty fine as it was.  I felt a sudden looseness
as my belt was unbuckled.  Then I knew.  We were going to join
the buck-twenty club.  The thought that I was about to get fucked
at over a hundred and twenty miles per hour brought me to near
sensory overload.  I began kissing her neck, inhaling her de-
lightful scent.  Her neck was so soft and wonderful.  I nibbled
on her ear, then began to tongue her lobe.  Her nipples became
wildly erect, and she hugged me with firmly, pushing her round
breasts into my chest.  I unbuttoned her blouse and freed her
fine breasts from the confines of their Maidenform prison.  I
rubbed my face in between her happy protuberances, feeling the
softness of the breasts contrasted with the taught nipples.  I
took one nipple in my mouth and licked it gently.  We hit a bump
which plucked her nipple from my mouth.  She giggled and ground
her hips into my thigh.

I continued to fondle her breasts as she loved so much.  I looked
into the rearview and saw Shelly's laughing eyes looking back.
It was a set-up.  No matter, I was wildly excited and would have
gone for it if my second grade teacher had been watching.  Jenny
began tearing my clothes off.  I helped, then got her naked.  I
took her other breast in my mouth (being a firm believer in
equality, of course) and ran my hand down her stomach to her wet
bush.  She shivered as I caressed her warm, wet cleft.  I gently
played with her nipple, nibbling a bit, as I rubbed her hard clit
with my other hand.  She was on top of me, and apparently trying
to merely hold herself up.  Through some serious back seat acro-
batics, I maneuvered myself into a 69 position.  Her warm lips
soon found the head of my straining cock, and her tongue danced
delightfully up and down my steel shaft.  I pulled her legs apart
appropriately and ran my tongue up and down her fiery lips.  She
was juicing like mad, and tasted delicious.  I teased her burning
snatch as she devoured my pounding dick-we were in heaven at 100
mph.  I ran my tongue over her clit once and she began bucking
almost immediately, creaming in my face.

"Hey you guys, I can't drive this fast forever," came a voice
from the front seat.  I disengaged myself, and prepared to mount
my honey.  "Take it to 120," I replied.  Shelly giggled and
complied.  I put my cock and the entrance to Jenny's burning cunt
and a bump helped me in.  Jenny's surprise at the bump was evi-
dent in her face, but her expression quickly changed to that of
extreme pleasure as I began to thrust.  The roar of the engine,
the singing of the wheels, and growling wind through the open
windows had us in our own world.  We caressed each other as we
pounded our bodies together in the 900 heat.  She was coming
again and I was almost there.  I felt her nails digging into the
flesh of my ass, and the buildup of semen in my balls erupted
like a gusher.  I thought I was dying- the pleasure was transcen-
dental.  We came together in an enormous shudder that lasted a
solid minute.  I lay on top of her, exhausted but enormously
satisfied.  We had screwed each other silly in broad daylight on
a public highway at 120 mph.  I looked up at Shelly wearily, we
had slowed to 80 and continued to decelerate.

Jenny and I began to dress, no small feat in the back of a Trans
Am.  Shelly whispered something to Jenny, and Jenny broke out in
laughter- it seems our driver had gotten so hot watching and
listening to us that she had soaked her panties and shorts
through! It was then that I learned about Shelly and Jenny's
special relationship...

                 Chapter 2: Proper Restraint

On the afternoon of my induction into the buck-twenty club, I
learned of my girlfriend Jenny's sexual relationship with her
best friend Shelly.  I was to learn alot more that night.

Jenny and I had screwed ourselves silly in Shelly's Trans Am on
the way to a party while Shelly drove.  Shelly had gotten so
excited during the trip that she had to change her panties before
we went into the party.  I found that heartily amusing, and
secretly ached to "solve her problem" for her.  We started party-
ing and I almost forgot about the happenings of the afternoon
except that Shelly was extremely friendly to me - touching me
enough for me to notice.  As time went by and we got more buzzed,
she became more brazen, grabbing my ass and making lewd sugges-
tions which I must admit sounded pretty good.  But I behaved as I
really liked Jenny and didn't want her to get pissed at all of
the byplay.  But Shelly was also very attractive, with a fuller
bosom than Jenny (which was pretty substantial) and a curvaceous
ass.

I had my arm around Jenny when I felt something soft on my arm.
I turned to see Shelly brushing her breasts across my arm.  My
cock began to stiffen.  Jenny's hand was in my back pocket and
she gave my ass a squeeze.  I thought I was going to rip my
shorts.  "What's the matter honey, do you have a problem?" Jenny
asked, teasingly.  I just shook my head and exhaled loudly.
"Let's go back to the apartment," Shelly suggested.  I was enjoy-
ing myself drinking, but the prospect of going back to their
apartment seemed pretty fun so I agreed.  We said our goodbyes
and were off.  I sat in the back this time while the girls were
in the front.

"I'm fucking horny," Shelly declared.  "Well, I'd like ta help
ya..." I replied, laughing.  "Oh really?" Jenny piped in, feign-
ing anger.  Then Jenny asked me if I wanted to try a threesome.
I thought my dick would fall off, I was so caught off guard.  I
caught Shelly's gleaming eyes in the rearview, and smiled.
"Sure," I said, voice cracking.  They giggled at my
adolescence...

We got into the apartment and Shelly turned on me, looking very
serious.  "There's one condition, sailor.  You've got to do
anything we tell you to - you've got to be our slave." "You've
gotta be fuckin' shittin' me?" I replied.  "Nope," Jenny said,
matter-of-factly, "you want us, you've gotta do what we say."
What the fuck?  I thought.  You only live once...  "Alright, just
don't make me do anything gross or painful and you've got a
deal." "Oh, you'll love this," they said in unison.  I began to
wonder what I was getting myself into.

"Rule 1," began Shelly, "You will always refer to us as Mistress
Shelly or Mistress Jenny."  "Yes, mistress Shelly," I responded
in a subservient tone.  "Looks like we've got a fast learner
here, huh Jen?" she continued.  "Of course, don't you think I
know how to pick'em?" Jenny countered.  "Ok, let's get those
pesky clothes off, slave." I was instructed.  I stripped and
stood in front of them, feeling both embarrassed and excited at
the same time.  By the time I looked up, they were both naked as
well.  "Drinks for us, slave," Jenny said, pointing to the kitch-
en.  I went out and made them each a mudslide and returned to the
living room with their drinks and a beer for myself.  "Did we
tell you that you could have something to drink?" Shelly snapped.
"Why, no," I answered, incredulously.  "No what?" "No, Mistress."
"Too late, slave.  You must be punished."  "Punished?" I in-
quired, but she left the room.  She returned with a medium sized
box.  She opened the box, and took out some handcuffs, and effi-
ciently snapped them onto my wrists, pinning my hands behind my
back.  "Bend over, slave." I sighed and bent over, certain that
failure to comply would make things worse.  I heard a loud slap
and felt a burning sensation on my ass.  "Yow!" Blow after blow
rained down on my ass until I thought I was going to cry.  My ass
really stung.  But my cock, for some unknown reason, was fully
erect.  I felt like the biggest asshole- thoroughly humiliated
and intensely excited at the same time.

"You may make me cum, slave" Shelly said sternly.  She sat on her
chair and spread her legs.  I looked at Jenny, who nodded her
approval.  Being handcuffed, I determined I had to eat her.  I
knelt at her feet and kissed her heaving breasts.  She was also
extremely turned on, but I figured that if I was going to do the
pleasuring I'd try to do it on my terms.  She began pushing my
head down almost immediately.  I made my way down to her sopping
cunt, and began eating her out for all I was worth.  It couldn't
have been 30 seconds when she erupted in a powerful orgasm,
shooting a hot milky liquid all over my face.  She continued to
hold my head to her twat as she spasmed.  I was rock hard.
Finally she was finished.  Her face told the story; she had been
eaten like never before.  "Oh, Jenny, hon, it seems you found
yourself an expert cunt lapper.  He might be as good as you!"
"Of course," Jenny responded, "I deserve the best!"

I really wanted nothing more than to wipe Shelly's ejaculate off
my face, but being cuffed, was unable to do so.  Jenny was rub-
bing her cunt, and beckoned me over.  I walked over, knelt down,
and sucked her throbbing pussy to a fine orgasm.  She smiled and
pushed me away.  Shelly came over to her and they began to kiss
most soulfully.  I was flabbergasted.  Shelly began to suck
Jenny's tits, and I thought I was going to pass out.  Light
finally dawned over Marble-head.  They were bi.  It sure ex-
plained alot.  I just wanted to join in, but they purposely
excluded me.  They got up, grabbed my nuts, and walked into the
bedroom.  Needless to say I followed closely behind.

We got into the bedroom, and they were all set up for fun.  There
were restraints on all four corners of the bed.  I was quickly
tied spread eagled to the bed.  I was beginning to get blue
balls, and hoped they were take care of me soon.  They both sat
on my chest, facing each other, and ground their pussies into my
chest as they kissed and fondled each other.  "Ahem," I said.
Whoops.  Wrong answer.  They both got up, and Jenny produced a
riding crop while Shelly jammed a gag into my mouth.  I didn't
believe this was happening.  Soon the confusion was broken by a
sharp snap and searing line of pain across my chest.  And another
on my stomach.  I strained against my bonds, to no avail.  They
were getting awful close to my already sore cock with the riding
crop, and I was getting nervous.  Then Jenny got me on my thighs.
I struggled some more.  I yelled into the gag.  I was completely
helpless.  A sweat broke out over my body as I steeled myself for
another blow.  It was lighter, but right on my cock.  I almost
went through the roof.  I was already hard as a diamond, and not
only was my cock begging for relief, it was also stinging in
pain.  I was almost overwhelmed.

Jenny began to caress my face tenderly, as a mother does a child
after punishment.  I had been on the verge of tears, but now I
rested.  She lovingly removed the gag.  I breathed a sigh of
relief.  "Oh, it isn't over yet, honey," she said, "no, not by a
long shot."  I rolled my eyes.  She quickly straddled me and I
began to dutifully eat her fragrant snatch.  She kept moving her
box farther and farther away from my tongue until I could no
longer reach it.  At this point her anus was right over my mouth.
I knew what she wanted, but I hesitated.  I suddenly felt teeth
on my cock, and immediately began tonguing her brown hole.  She
gasped.  I soon felt Shelly's mouth going up and down my rigid
member.  Jenny's hand went to her box, and within minutes she was
shuddering in orgasm.  The sucking on my cock soon stopped, short
of my own orgasm.  I groaned.

Shelly and Jenny switched places, and I was soon rimming Shelly
as well while Jenny played with my twitching prick.  She just
wouldn't let me cum.  She then came up to Shelly's hot pussy and
began to lick her clit.  In no time Shelly was jerking in another
orgasm.  I was extremely excited, past the point of excitement,
really, but couldn't get any relief.  Jenny then mounted me and
began humping my poor cock.  I was in heaven.  It felt so good.
I then felt something really hot and delicious on my balls.
Shelly was sucking and licking my nuts while Jenny rode me.  I
exploded like never before, cumming incredibly powerfully,
straining against my restraints all the while.  I began to see
stars in the middle of my orgasm.  Then nothing.

I awoke sometime later, and was no longer restrained.  Both girls
were asleep next to me.  I drifted back into unconsciousness in
complete contentment...
--
