JERRY'S OFFER



After months of trying to get you to go to a j/o club, you finally agree
to go.  Of course, I'm happy about this.  I dress you in a pair of jeans,
your black boots, black underwear and white shirt.  I wear something
similar. 

Upon arrival, we strip and put our clothes in the locker.  The club, as it
turns out, is nothing more than a converted house.  Wearing nothing but
our black underwear we explore the dimly lit hallways, lined with men
standing, waiting, stroking.  It is warm and slightly humid inside.  The
air is filled with the aroma and sounds of sex. 

At the end of the hallway is a door leading to the basement.  Slowly, I
lead you down the stairs to what seems to be an even darker room.  In the
corner is one naked red light bulb.  As our eyes adjust to the light, we
can see the outlines of men standing against the walls.  We can hear heavy
breathing and panting.  It is dead silent yet full of sounds. 

I lean against the wall and pull you back against me.  With one hand I
play with your nipple and the other plays with your cock.  My cock is hard
yet comfortably nested in its home - between your cheeks.  Men slowly pass
by examining you.  Some pause to look at you.  Others reach out to touch
and I push their hand away.  No one touches you without my approval. 

A man approaches.  Through the dark, he seems to be about 5'8" with a
youthful athletic build wearing white briefs as light catches the ring
through his left nipple.  He stops in front of you.  I whisper in your ear
"I want him to touch you".  He comes closer and first looks at me, then at
you and then back at me.  I nod.  He then rubs your hairy chest.  You feel
my cock grow wedged inside your cheeks.  I feel your cock grow in my hand. 
I take my hand out of your underwear and put it up to his face.  He smells
and licks my hand as he massages you cock. 

Moving closer, he strokes both his and your cocks in his hand.  His cock
is hot against yours.  His cock is hard with a large head.  You place both
of your hands on his torso feeling solid, well-defined mass.  I reach
around with both hands and massage his firm ass.  You are sandwiched
between us - hard bodies and hard cocks pressing at you from both
directions.  I whisper to you "Kiss him".  You turn your head towards his
face as he brings his mouth over yours probing with his strong tongue.  I
watch you suck his tongue. 

As he starts to grind his hard body against you, I remove my hand from his
firm ass, lick a finger and slide it down inside the back of your
underwear.  Slowly, I move it down past my cock towards your hole. 
Running light circles around your hole, I feel you arch your back.  He
then turns to kiss me.  I receive his thick tongue in my mouth.  I can
taste you in his mouth which turns me on even more. 

After removing all of you from his mouth, I slide down the wall, pulling
your underwear down with me.  Your hole is at eye level and I can see its
puckered opening glistening from my saliva.  As I spread your cheeks
apart, he moves closer - his firm cock penetrating your thighs and
touching my chin.  He is now pressed firmly against you.  He pushes you
back against the wall - your ass in my face - as I lick the outside of
your hole.  He starts to dry fuck you.  I stop to let his cock enter my
mouth.  Its mushroom head is large and I can taste the pre-cum oozing from
it.  Having his cock in my mouth and the aroma of your body is an immense
turn-on for me. 

Letting his cock continue to slide between your thighs, I resume lapping
you hole.  I pull your balls down to the side to stretch your hole.  I
watch it contract.  Wiggling my tongue back and forth over it, I ease it
inside of you.  I can feel it squeeze.  I wiggle it in as deep as it can
go - moving it in circles, side to side, back and forth - as if I were
trying to stretch it open. 

I remove my tongue while holding your balls and stand up.  I tell our
friend that I want to watch him fuck you.  Moving my finger along the rim
of your ass, I play with your hole.  Our friend looks eager to get inside
of you.  Removing my hand, I turn you around and present your ass for his
viewing pleasure.  Spreading your cheeks while you now lean forward
against the wall, I show him your tight shiny hole primed to be invaded. 
He gives a nod of approval and positions himself behind you. 

I watch has the head of his cock pushes inside of you.  It's big, but I
know you can take him.  I reach around and play with your nipples.  I
watch you whince as he slowly tries to enter you.  I tell you "C'mon babe,
you can do it - just relax".  I watch his large cock sink inside of you. 
You get used to his size as he starts at a consistent pace.  The sight of
this muscular guy fucking you really turns me on.  I watch as your tight
ass gives him much pleasure.  Then he picks up the pace.  He holds you
around your stomach as his strong body is pressed against your back.  He
is motionless except for his quick, stabbing pelvic thrusts. 

His powerful thrusts force you to brace yourself against the wall.  I
stand next to you stroking myself at the sight and thought of having
offered you to another man.  Your cock is just as hard as his.  I get down
on the floor and place my mouth around your cock.  His thrusts from behind
force it down my throat.  The smell of him and the taste of you send
pleasure ripples throughout my body.  I eagerly take your cock deep in my
throat until your pubic hair brushes my face.  While in my mouth I move my
tongue from side to side, stroking the underside and head of your hard
cock.  I feel it grow with each contraction of your hole.  His thrusts
become deeper and more forceful.  Your cock becomes harder.  Suddenly, he
thrusts forward as he cums inside of you.  I feel and taste your cum shoot
inside my mouth and down my throat.  We stay motionless for what seems an
entity as he pours himself into you and you into me. 

We regain conciousness of our surroundings and notice that others have
been standing around stroking while watching us.  Our friend nods to me
and then slowly moves away.  I get up and kiss you deeply.  You detect the
slight taste of yourself on my tongue. 

I resume my position behind you - my cock back in its home - waiting for
the next man to whom I can offer your body... 
