                     "Jerry's Girl"
                    By: Phil Phantom

I never thought I could win a girl like Pam Driscol, yet six
weeks after our first date, we were on our way to the Junior
Prom.  A week before that, Pam took my ring and we were steadies.

Pam and I were getting serious.  Her parents didn't seem at all
pleased by that fact.  Tracks divided our neighborhoods.

Pam is a rich kid, a bit spoiled, an only child.  Her junior year
at Calvin High was her first public school experience.  Pam was a
bit of a wall flower for most of the year.  She got a reputation
for being stuck up and uppity.  She was neither.  I helped her
with science lab; she helped me learn to dance.  We became
friends, nothing more.  

I considered her way out of my league.  Pam has a priceless
beauty - blond, light complected, petite, blue/green eyes - like
a rare porcelain doll.  She was sexy without really trying. 
Lucky for me she hated jocks.  Pam liked boys of whit and brain. 
I'm not all that funny, but I do have a well-hung brain. 

Our dates were fun, full of festive walks and talks, but no sex. 
Oh, I wanted her, God how I wanted her.  I just could not bring
myself to touch her in an intimate familiar way, though she never
gave me an indication that she'd refuse my advances.  She also
gave no indication that she wanted one.  As we posed for pictures
at her family's palatial home in our prom clothes, I still hadn't
touched her.  Holding hands and a friendly peck good night was
the extent of foreplay.

As we drove off in my father's pickup truck, I started towards
the High School when Pam said, "No, turn right.  We have to swing
by your house, too."

I sat at the stop sign and said, "I don't think so, Pam.  My
folks aren't expecting us; besides, I think they went out."

"How can they?  We have the truck.  Jerry, why don't you want me
to meet your family.  I'll never look better than I do now.  We
will never look this good together.  I want them to have a
picture of us together.  Who knows, we might get married some
day.  Come on, Jerry.  I want to make the best impression I can."

I let out a deep breath, turned in my seat and said, "Pam, my
folks are kind of...well...strange.  I've told you about Dad,
well Mom is just as bad.  Pam, do you know what swingers are?"

"Do you mean like wife swappers?"  I nodded, deeply embarrassed.
"I'm not a baby, Jerry.  I figured it was something like that. 
It isn't your fault what your parents do.  At least they're not
abusing you or doing drugs or stealing from people.  I don't care
what they do together.  That's none of our business."

"Pam, you don't understand.  My dad is crude, I mean real crude. 
Half the time he's naked, so is Mom for that matter."

"You've seen your parents naked?" I nodded meekly.  "In front of
your brothers and your sister?"

"Pam, I've seen them doing it.  We all have, lots of times, and
not just with each other."

Pam drew back in astonishment, her eyes wide.  "You've actually
seen them...making love?"

"That's a nice word for it, yes."  Pam sat in silence for too
long.  I said, "Look, I'll take you home if you want."

She turned and placed her delicate fingers on my arm and said,
"Don't be silly.  I want you to take me to meet your family.  I'm
sorry, but we have to face them sooner or later.  Let's get it
over with.  Nothing will spoil this night.  Really, I want to."

Well, I finally caved in but stopped to make a warning call
first.  As usual, the yard was littered and overgrown.  The old
Pontiac sat on blocks.  I guided Pam through the debris field as
she tried to find dry footing for her high heels.  I held her arm
as we walked up the rickety steps.  I held open the screen door
and opened the solid door.  Pam passed through into a world she'd
never been exposed to.

My dad sat on the old sofa in boxer shorts and a tank top.  Mom
sat beside him wearing her mini-skirt with a half cup bra.  My
two younger brothers were sprawled in front of the TV in their
underwear, and my twelve-year-old sister was naked, painting her
toe nails.  Strange as this may sound, I was relieved; they were
presentable.

>From the corner of my eye I could see that Pam was taking it all
in, trying not to stare at Judy's naked beaver shot.  Judy loves
to flash her beaver.  Mom and Dad encourage her.  Brad and Danny
immediately jumped up and surrounded Pam.  To them she looked
like a fairy princess in her flowing white form-fitting dress
with puffy sleeves and open bodice.  I kept pushing them away
until Dad told me to let them get a look at her.  I nervously
brought Pam before Mom and Dad and said, "We're in a big hurry. 
We just wanted to swing by for a few pictures.  We're actually
running kind of late."

Dad sat there looking over Pam like a refugee at a banquet.  I
nervously shifted my weight as Pam extended her hand and said,
"Hi, my name is Pan Driscol."

Dad took Pam's hand and pulled her spinning onto his lap.  She
was not expecting this and more-or-less fell onto his lap with
her knees facing Mom to his right.  She sat there stunned as Dad
said, "So this is Jerry's new playmate.  Not bad, kid.  Not bad
at all.  Is she a virgin?"

"Dad, please don't."  I could have died, and by the look on Pam's
face, so could she.  Brad and Danny snickered and giggled.  Judy
said, "Why don't you just check her out, Dad."  Pam looked pale. 
Mom sat there smiling through the whole thing.

Dad grasp her by the hips and centering her right over his
crotch.  When he'd spun her onto his lap, her billowy skirt
fanned out so when she met his lap, her skirts were not under
her.  Whatever she had on under that dress was obviously not
enough.  Her expression told me that much.  Dad said, "I asked a
question.  Isn't somebody going to answer?"

"Dad, don't do this.  Pam's not like that."

"Boy, don't talk to me in that tone.  Pam, how about it?"

Pam swallowed hard and said meekly, "Yes...I mean, well, I've
never done it."

"What you mean is you've never had a real cock up you.  Is that
what you're trying to say?  Don't be shy with us.  We're all
family here.  We just want to get to know you."

"I've never had sex, if that's what you mean."

"Honey, do you have a hymen or don't you?"

Pam gulped again, bowed and shook her head.  Her head shot
straight up when Dad grabbed her left tit and squeezed.  She sat
stiff as a rod as he squeezed the other.  His meaty hand went
back and forth as he said, "Nice firm titties, no stuffing here. 
Lean forward, sweetheart.  Let's get a look at these puppies."

Amazingly, Pam allowed Dad to push her forward and she remained
there passively as he unzipped her gown.  He pushed her upright
and pulled the puffy sleeves down her arms, pulling each arm
free, then rudely yanking the top of her dress down.  He then
simply pushed the bra up over her tits.  Pam looked numb as Dad
whistled and rolled her hard nipples in his fingers.  Brad and
Danny reached in from her left side.  I started to stop them but
a hard look from Dad backed me down.  I stood there like an idiot
watching my girl's tits get mauled by my Dad and two shithead
brothers.

Dad lost interest in her tits and swung her legs up onto Mom's
lap.  She ran her hands up and down Pam's legs as Dad ran his
hand straight up her inner thigh to the crotch.  Pam bit her
lower lip and let out a whimper as I was sure Dad was rubbing his
finger over her crotch.  Had it not been for the pantie hose, I'm
sure he would have fingered her.

Brad got on the sofa behind Pam, spread his legs out and pulled
her back by the tits.  Pam let herself fall back against my
brother's chest as Danny fastened his mouth to her left nipple. 
I envied those two.  Pam had the most perfect set of breasts I'd
ever seen - pink nipples on a field of snow white softness, firm
yet soft and yielding.  

At this point, Judy walked to Pam's hip and said, "Show us her
pussy, Dad."

Dad said, "Hold your damn horses, Judy.  I'm warming her up
first.  You don't just go up to a girl you just met and demand to
see her pussy."

Mom pushed Pam's skirts up into a pile around her middle then
reached for the top of her pantie hose, saying, "I think she's
plenty ready, now."  With that, she slowly pulled pantie and
pantie hose as Dad lifted Pam's hips.  Pam let out a groan as Mom
uncovered her pubic patch.  I let out a groan at the sight of
that patch.  It was so fine and light, you had to look twice to
see it.  While Mom busied herself removing shoes, panties, and
pantie hose, Dad went for Pam's pussy.  He wasted no time and had
two middle fingers in deep.

Pam went completely limp and let her legs fall open after Mom
freed them.  Dad's fingers fucked her as he declared, "Jesus
Christ but this bitch has a fine pussy."

Judy cried, "Let me, let me feel!"

Dad relinquished Pam's pussy to my sister and Judy tried to work
her whole hand inside.  Pam strained and grimaced as Mom came to
her rescue, slapping at Judy's wrist and saying, "Finger her
nice, don't go stretching her out.  She's practically a virgin,
you know."  Judy reluctantly used her fingers.

Brad scampered out from under Pam and crawled right over her as
her head fell to the cushions.  He straddled her middle sinking
into the pile of white silk and lace.  He peered between her
legs, calling his turn.  Dad gave it to him, then Danny got a
turn.  Pam look dazed, bordering on delirium.  I figured this was
my last date, so I took advantage of the opportunity to feast my
eyes on her body, especially her golden pussy.  More than
anything, I wanted a turn, but I just couldn't do it to
her.  Even Mom took a turn before turning her over to Dad.

Dad got three fingers going in a steady fuck motion.  Danny went
back to a titty as Judy claimed the other.  Brad sat by her head
and jacked off near her eyes.  Mom placed Pam's right leg so that
it hooked on Dad's neck.  She pushed the left out to the floor
and lowered her face to rest on the inside of Pam's left thigh
watching Dad's fingers work in Pam's soupy pussy.  Dad had Pam
lifting up to meet his plunging fingers.  Occasionally, he'd stop
to feed Mom those fingers.  At those times, Pam seemed impatient
for their return.  

Dad brought her to a body-shuddering orgasm then let Mom move in
to suck her pussy.  Judy lifted her head to see what was making
those delicious sensations between her legs.  When she saw Mom's
face staring back over her mound, she swooned and her head fell
back.  Dad brought her off twice more before telling me to fetch
the camera.

As I attached the flash bar, he said, "She wanted pictures, let's
take pictures."  I needed no instructions.  Mom and Dad posed her
and I took the shots.  They especially wanted spread beaver
shots, so Pam had to assume a variety of spread positions as Mom
or Dad or both pried her lips apart and poked fingers in her
holes.  She knelt on the sofa with her head in the cushions. 
They had her reach back and spread her cheeks apart.  For
another, she did a head stand against the back of the sofa, her
skirts drapeing her upper body, doing the inverted splits.  I
leaned over the sofa for the close-up beaver shot.  Mom came up
and ate her to a toe-curling climax.  Pam followed every order
without a whimper of protest.  

One in particular I will always cherish.  Dad had Pam sit on his
lap leaning back against his chest.  She held her legs straight
up in a wide "V" and used her fingers to open up her pussy while
Dad squeezed her tits out in offering.  I got low with the lens
at her twat and took the shot up her body, getting her passion-
glazed face in the frame.  After the shot, I announced that it
was the last one.  Mom got down and ate her pussy again while Pam
held the pose for her.  She was quickly rewarded by yet another
orgasm.  Judy got in place to lap up her juices as Pam's legs
flopped down on either side of her.

Dad let Judy finish, then rolled Pam off, slapped her ass, and
said, "You two better get a move on."  He turned to me and said,
"Well, son, we got her all primed and ready for you.  You got
yourself a hot one here, Boy."

Mom helped Pam get her things back in order then brushed out her
hair and cleaned Brads cum off her face.  She patted Pam's cheek
and said, "There you go, fresh as new.  You kids have a good
time."

At the door, Dad called out, "You bring her back over after the
dance.  You owe us, you here?"

I saw no harm in agreeing because I knew Pam would want me to
take her straight home or to a police station.  He added, "Boy,
you ain't keeping this one to yourself.  You remember what I
said, and don't stay out late."

I walked her to the truck and held the door.  She got in
silently.  I eased into the drivers side and gave her a cautious
glance.  Pam stared straight.  I started the truck and we headed
down the street.  After a long silence, I said, "I'm sorry, Pam."

She looked straight ahead and said, "It wasn't your fault, Jerry.
Let's just forget it, okay?"

When it came to the point where the road to her house diverged
from the road to the school, I was in a quandary.  I said, "Do
you want me to take you home?"

"No, take me to the prom."

Well, we went to the prom and did the prom thing.  We left early.
I took her to her street and turned on the signal.  She said,
"What are you doing?"

"Taking you home."

"But you heard what your father said.  You have to take me back
there first."  

Well, you could have clubbed me senseless with a wet noodle.  I
turned off the blinker and kept driving.  I had to say something.

I said, "Pam, I can take you home if you want.  I can tell them
you left me at the dance.  You don't have to go back there."

"No, you'll get in trouble.  Just drive, Jerry."

"Pam, do you understand what Dad intends to do?"

"Jerry, I'm not an idiot.  If I have to put up with your family
in order to be your girlfriend, then that's what I have to do."

I could have contradicted her, but the idea of this goddess
willing to offer herself to my family to be my girlfriend had my
dick at attention.  I wanted more.  I said, "Pam, Dad will
continue to make demands on you as long as you're my girl.  I
can't stop him or help you."

"I know, Jerry.  I don't expect you to."

I couldn't stop myself.  I said, "He's going to fuck you and let
other men fuck you.  They make movies, porno movies."

"Jerry, I know.  I don't like this any more than you do, but what
choice do we have."

I almost lost it at that point.  I drove faster.  We arrived and
moved right to the front door.  Pam looked eager to get inside. 
Everyone was still up.  Mom and Dad were naked, as was Judy.  Dad
held the video camera in his lap.  Brad and Danny got naked and
joined the others on the sofa, stroking their dicks with a hungy
gleam in their eyes.  Dad told me to bring Pam before them and
strip her.  

He brought the camera up and hit the record button as Pam walked
to the center facing Mom and Dad.  She stood still and let me
remove every stitch of clothing.  After helping her step free of
her panties and pantie hose, I stepped back and took in her
quivering nakedness from the rear.

She was absolutely adorable.  She stood stock still as Dad got up
and panned around her, poking his lens into intimate nooks and
cunnies.  The light, untanned, skin that most girls have beneath
their swimsuits was all over Pam, making her whole body look like
intimate flesh.  She had a perfect female form without muscles or
sinue showing and no body fat, giving her a trim yet soft look.  

While Dad taped, everyone just sat staring in silence, making her
more uncomfortable and nervous.  I moved to the left side of the
sofa to survey her front.  I leered as lustfully as the others,
enjoying her discomfort, still high on the fantasy that she was
willing to endure this humiliation in order to be my girl, though
I suspected she had her own reasons.

>From the front, her nudity was breath-taking.  It would be
breath-taking without her flowing blond hair and expertly made-up
face.  With it, she was moreso.  Another thing that made her look
so precious was my class ring dangling between her breasts on an
expensive gold chain her father gave her.

Her state of arousal was quite apparent.  Her nipples were stiff
and arching up.  A red hue spread over her face and upper chest. 
Most noticeable on Pam was the state of her pussy.  Her light
pubic hair hid nothing.  

Bright camera lights placed on the floor lit up the golden hairs
between her legs.  They glistened with her juices.  Her inner
thighs shone from having spread that wetness with her steps.  The
lips of her sex were inflamed and puffed out.  Though her knees
were inches apart, you could see pink all down her slit.  Most
telling of all was her clit, poking out from the plane of her sex
lips like a skinned rodent about to make a dash to safety.  If
you looked hard - and we and the camera did- you could see it
throb with her heartbeat.

I silently cheered Dad on to have his way with her.  My heart
leapt at his words, "Spread those feet out and show us your horny
twat, Pam."

Pam slid her right foot out by a yard and placed her hands on her
upper ass swells, leaning back to thrust her pussy out.  Dad set
a light on the floor between her feet and sat before her,
bringing the camera in for a close-up.  Pam, without prompting
brought her hands around and used her finger tips to open her
pussy.  Dad said, "That's it baby, play with your pussy.  What's
your name, sweetheart?"

I thought this was a rather odd question to ask until I
remembered he used the new camera with audio.  Pam spoke loud and
plain, "Pamala Driscol," then stabbed her right fuck finger deep
in her cunt.

Dad zeroed-in on her plunging finger.  "Who is your father,
Pamela Driscol?"

She used the fingers of her left hand to expose her stiff clit
and roto-routered it with her right index finger while saying,
"Judge Driscol, the county judge."

"Are you a virgin, Pam?"

"Yes, sorta.  I've never been fucked by a real cock."

"Do you have a hot and horny cunt, Pam?"

"Yes.  It's always horny.  It drives me crazy."

"What do you do about it?"

"I fuck it.  I fuck it a lot with my Mom's dildoes.  I watch
Dad's movies and fuck my cunt with Mom's toys.  Sometimes, I spy
on Mom and watch her fuck the gardner or pool guys and fuck
myself."  Pam brought herself off in a paroxysm of fuck lust and
filthy declarations.  

When she calmed, Dad stopped the tape and said, "Beautiful,
fucking perfect."   He turned to me and said, "Well, Son, was she
a good fuck?"

I said, "We didn't do anything but dance, Dad."

"What!  After we got her all primed and ready, you danced?"  I
nodded sheepishly.  "Jesus H. Christ, what do I have to do, stick
it in for you and pump your ass up and down?  You always were the
black sheep.  Well, don't just stand there like a fool.  Strip
down and fuck the little slut."

I looked uncertainly to Pam.  She appeared to be waiting for me
to strip.  I stripped.  I approached her, got close, then turned
to Dad and said, "You mean right here?"

"Yes, God damnit, right here.  Feel her up first, get her hot.
then fuck her."  He reset the camera and began taping.

I timidly reached for her left breast and gave it a gentle
squeeze.  I teased the nipple, conscious of my now rampant,
throbbing hardon.  I brought the other hand to her crotch and
cupped her sex.  She moaned.  My index finger ran through her
slippery cleft and teased her clit, making her swoon.  I sank my
middle finger into her cunt.  It was like going into warm custard
pie but very snug.  I used two fingers and finger-fucked her
pussy.  She bit her lower lip.  I kissed her and she reached out
with her tongue.  I sucked it into my mouth and drew our bodies
close, pushing my cock between her legs.

>From behind, I heard Judy shout, "Fuck her, Jerry!"  Brad added,
"Fuck her butt."  Mom said, "You're no son of mine if you don't
go down on her first."  We had this to deal with in addition to
Dad's intrusive camera.

I broke off the kiss and trailed kisses down her front as I went
to my knees.  Suddenly, I was looking right into Pam's pussy in
lewd presentation as she maintained her out-thrust pose.  I
buried my face in her muff and sucked ravenously, wallowing in
her rich vaginal slime.  I could not get enough and delved deep
inside to lap her walls.  I sucked that little skinned rodent and
nipped it with my teeth.  I had Pam moaning and groaning and
nearing collapse as she tottered on wobbly legs.  I could have
stayed there all night, but Dad's voice boomed out behind me,
"All right, already, fuck her!"

I stood and aimed my cock at her hole, fitting it between her
lips.  I grasped her by the hips and pulled.  I went all the way
in as slick as snot sliding down a drain.  Pam Grabbed my ass and
pulled me tighter into her.  Dad got down between our legs and
filmed from his back.  Soon, we were fucking, fucking hard and
fast, fucking in a wild in-place dance of lust.  Unfortunately,
due to the extreme sensations coming from my groin, I blew my
nuts after just a few minutes.  The rush of sensation brought me
to my knees.  From there, I simply toppled over.  

Dad got up and yanked me to my feet, saying, "That was pathetic. 
Take this and watch a pro."  He handed me the camera.  Dad
brought a chair in from the dining room.  He placed it before the
sofa and brought Pam over, telling her to kneel on it and place
her hands on the floor.  Pam did not hesitate.  Her ass was up
high and vulnerable as Dad got poised behind her, stroking his
nine-inch rod.  He placed the tip in her hole and said, "This is
how you fuck a bitch like Pam."

With that, he sank all nine inches into her in one go, taking
Pam's breath away.  He let out a groan of his own and declared,
"Jesus!  Fuck, this is damn fine pussy!"  

I got excellent shots as he stroked in and out slowly, constantly
marveling at her feel.  Pam lolled her head under the pleasant
sensations Dad created in her.  Soon, he was fucking rather
steadily.  Before long, he was pounding his cock into her, and
Pam's hair whipped the air; her lusty screams sent hot tingles
through my body.  I have never seen a female anything enjoy a
fucking like Pam enjoyed that fucking.  It was like one long
orgasm.

Dad did not last as long as he thought he would.  After he pulled
out, he apologized to me.  I zoomed in on her gaping, cum-leaking
twat.  Brad jumped behind Pam with his five inch prick in his
hand and said, "Can I butt fuck her now?"  Dad nodded and Brad
put his dick in Pam's cunt, got it good and wet, then poked it at
her asshole.  Pam held steady for him as he gradually gained
entry into her tight ass.  His five inches made her groan.

While Brad enjoyed his butt fuck, Mom pulled another chair in
front of Pam and sat down.  I quickly abandoned her ass and
rested the camera on Mom's lefy hip bone.  Pam raised her head
and found herself looking into my mom's shaved and spread beaver. 
She turned her head and smiled dreamily into the camera.  Mom
said, "Pam Driscol, meet Pussy; Pussy, meet Pam Driscol."  

Pam smiled and pressed a kiss on Mom's cunt.  Mom scooted in
tighter and Pam gave her cunt a thorough lapping and clitty suck
while keeping her head turned towards the camera and brushing
hair from her face.  I got great shots of Pam's tongue lapping
away at Mom's beaver.  Mom said, "This little girl sure loves to
eat pussy.  Eat me baby.  Suck that pussy."

After Brad came in her ass, Danny wanted a turn.  Judy wanted
what Mom was getting, so she climbed on Mom and laid back, her
cunt directly on top of Mom's.  Danny slid in with ease.  Judy 
spread her legs wide, and held her feet by the toes as Pam
eagerly sucked her young pussy.  Pam took long laps up the double
presentation og juicy slits,  After Pam brought them both off
and Danny added his sperm to her bowels, Dad asked it I wanted
some ass.  I sure did.

I got behind Pam, handed the camera off to Mom, and pressed my
cock at her lose sphincter.  She took me with some difficulty,
but not much.  Dad sat in the chair and fed her his wet dick. 
Mom decided that was the better show.  I could see Pam slobbering
over his pulsing rod, sucking, and jacking hard and fast, playing
to the camera.  I gripped her hips and pounded her ass.  Her
sphincter squeezed my cock.  I came after ten minutes.  Dad blew
his load all over her face as she slurped his spewing cock.  I
watched Pam face the camera while the cock shot load after load
past her smiling lips as it peppered her face.  After it was
spent, she nursed on his rod and milked more semen from his dick.

After Dad got up and returned to the sofa, I helped Pam to her
unsteady legs.  She immediately went to Dad and knelt at his
feet, placing her hands behind her back in as open an act of
subservience as you can get.  Dad seemed surprised and pleased. 
Pam said nothing but just stared at his wilting cock reverently.
He said as he took the camera from Mom, "Do that whole thing
again but turn the chair so she can start from the kneeling
position with her ass facing the camera."

I turned the chair and Pam got into place, kneeling with her
knees out at the edges, hands on the floor, looking back at dad
and saying, "Like this?"

"Yes, that's beautiful."  Dad leaned forward and got a great shot
of her well-fucked holes and the rivers of cum pouring from them
coating both thighs.  He carefully documented our reenactment,
reclining back into the sofa.  Pam looked even more subservient,
shrugging loose from my grasp to throw herself at Dad's feet.

Dad smiled and said, "Now you know how you will be treated in
this house in the future.  If you continue to see my son, you
will serve his family.  Do you understand?"

Pam quickly, eagerly said yes.  Dad went on with my blessing. 
"From now on, most of your dates will be right here.  You will
get naked at the door and dress in the truck.  You will do
anything any member of this family wishes, to and including
sharing you with friends.  Is that understood?"

"Yes, I understand.  I want to be Jerry's girl.  I'll do whatever
you say.  I promise."

Dad shut off the camera and set it aside.  He said, "Pam, I make
amateur porno movies that I sell locally.  Your father is my
biggest customer.  I am thinking of selling this tape to him
after I make a few dozen copies.  What do you think about that?"

"Does it matter what I think?  It's your house, your camera, your
tape.  After all, I am your whore, aren't I?"

I quickly corrected her, saying, "As long as you wear my ring,
you're his whore."

She looked to me and said, "Any ring?"

"Yes, any ring."

She turned back to Dad and said, "Well, then, it looks like I am
your whore.  Daddy will just have to accept that, won't he?"
   
You know what?  I married that girl.  We had to get married.  Dad
still makes most of his money from Judge Driscol.  In fact, we
moved into a much nicer place. 

                        THE END
