WARNING THIS STORY CONTAINS ACTS OF SEX BETWEEN MINORS AND ADULTS IF THIS 
SORT OF ATERIAL OFFENDS YOU THEN PLEASE STOP READING NOW!!!!
.
(this is my first attept at writing a story let me know what you think)
                 PART 1
.
It was my first day of 7th grade..me eric roberts staring junior high i 
could not wait!
As i got on the bus i looked around and saw..some girls i knew from 
elementary school..but wow had they changed over the summer!!..last year 
all i cared about was..basketball and music..but now..my mind was on these 
sexy girls in there cheerleading outfits and there short shorts!
.
towards the back of the bus sat the 9th graders..and these girls were hot! 
one girl in particuler caught my attention..carrie a cute 9th grade 
cheerleader..i used to spy in her window over the summer watching her 
undress..i would usually jack my-self off into a frenzy...but today i 
said.."fuck it i am gonna talk to her..who cares if she is a freshman and 
i am only a 7th grader?"
.
I walked to the back of the bus and started to sit down next to her..but 
some big 9th grader said "hey you 7th grade punk..the little kids sit at 
the front of the bus!"
"leave him alone said carrie".."i bet he will be cute when he grows up"
i looked at her..her blond hair flowing down her neck..and her short 
cheerleading skirt..showing just enough of her smooth legs and tight 
ass..to give me a massive hard-on..
i walked to the front of the bus .."hey eric sit here" called a girl..it 
was jamie who had been in my class last year..but she looked hot now! she 
was wearing short shorts and a tight top that showed her bellybutton
.
"oh well i thought" i sat down...we taled all the way to school
and when the bus finally arrived i got out..i could not believe my eyes!
i had neer seen so many girls..i knew i was gonna be hard all fuckin day
.
we got to homeroom and i sat down the teacher was going through the 
usually talk...but ummm  carrie the 9th grade cheerleader was sitting in 
front of me..god was i hard! as i sat there just thinking about all the 
ways i could fuck her...i actually started to move my hand down my 
pants..right there in class!...i was looking at carries legs..and touching 
my self in the middle of class...i was so afraid i was gonna cum right 
there!
all of a sudden i heard the teacher sya "eric is there a problem?"
i was so embarassed...i guess i started to moan a litle and she heard me
"are you sick eric?"..."no" i said trying to play it off"i a just tired"
.
well we were in home room untill lunch..when i heard the lunchbell ring..i 
RAN as fast as i could towards the bathroo..if i did not cum soon i would 
explode!
i got to the bathroom and it was full of people..so i ran down the 
hall..trying to find a private place to jack off...
i ran into the locker room..thank god it was empty!..i pulled out my cock 
and started jacking off right there..thinking about carrie "mmm carrie 
yeah baby suck me hard" i said out loud as i jerked off "you know you love 
it..suck my cock baby"
.
all of a sudden i heard a giggle behind me i turned around..it was carrie!
she looked so hot in her cheerleading out-fit.."ummm i said i was 
just..uhh"
"you were jerking off" said carrie.."don't you think i noticed you jerking 
off outside my window all summer?"
"i uhh"..she moved near me "don't be embarassed" "i think it's cute a 
little kid like you wants me"
.
"i did not know what to say.."say eric would you like it if i showed you 
my tits while you jerk off?"..man i could not believe it! "umm sure i 
guess"
.carrie pulled off her cheerleading sweater..and took off her bra..ohh 
jesus she had the perfect 9th grade tits..not to big not to small
i started to jerk off again..
now while i did this i noticed carrie was slowly starting to move her hand 
under her skirt.."ummm eric i am getting hot..you are making me very horny 
baby"
.
now what happend next i will never forget...carrie started to rub her ass 
against my cock "ohh eric damn i want you to fuck me oooooh god!"
she got down on her knees and took my cock into her mouth..licking my 
shaft up and down.....then pumping my didck into her mouth.."ohh god 
carrie honey i..i..am gonna cum".."wait" she said dont waste your cum in 
my mouth..why don't you fuck me right her right now?.
she turned around and bent over.."fuck me like a dog eric".."please fuck 
me like a dog".
i grabbed her waist and stuck my hard cock inside her
"ooohhh eric!! that feels sooo good"...i started pumping my cock into 
her..the sound was echoing through the empty locker room
"uhh eric ohhh ohhh god!! fuck me baby fuck me hard"..god she was 
good..this was my first fuck and it was welll worth the wait
"ohh eric you are soo good i am gonna tell all my friends about you 
oooohhh shit!"
i could tell she was about to cum.."ooooohhh eric..eric..ohhhh shit babay 
i am gonna cum so hard...fuuuuuck! uuuuuuuh! ooooooooh! goooood! FUUUCCCKK 
MEEEEE!!!" she came and she came hard ..then i started to cum "oh carrie 
you slut..i knew you wanted it!..her i cum baby..uhhhhhhgg
gghh" i came hard inside her tight pussy...
"oh eric you are a great fuck baby..how bout you come over to my house 
tonight and meet the girls on the cheerleading squad?"
.
"baby" i said "i wouldn't miss it for the world"
END PART 1
stay tuned for part 2
 
---
 * Traders' Connection Web BBS * http://www.trader.com * info@trader.com



