JILL BOUND



by



David G. Lyman



copyright (c) 1992



Jill sat reading a book when her roommate glided into the
apartment.  Jill looked up, "Janie, you are positively glowing. 
I take it Jimmy and you had a real good time?"  "It was
absolutely fantastic Jill.  I know you're not into bondage but
you really have to try this.  I feel like I'm still coming. 
I've never been so satisfied in my life and you know how Jimmy
would love to get into your pants.  I wouldn't mind, besides
Jimmy wouldn't be the only one.  You haven't had a man in what,
six months?  Come on let me set you up I guarantee you'll have
the most incredible intense orgasms ever."  "I don't know Jane,
I'm not into bondage at all and I'm not submissive.  I admit I
miss getting a good fuck every so often and I am getting a
little desperate, ever since Tommy and I split up but bondage
just isn't my thing.  I can't believe I'd enjoy myself the way
you do but tell me what it was like, maybe you can convince me."

Jane sat down next to her roommate on the coach.  "If I tell you
too much, it'll spoil it for you.  Trust me, there's no pain,
only pure pleasure lavishly applied to your entire body.  I can
set it up for the day after tomorrow.  You won't regret it
Jill."  "Come on Janie, nothing is that good, not even sex. 
Besides my period will start in three or four days."  "Then the
day after tomorrow would be perfect.  You know how horny you get
a day or two before your flow starts.  I wish I'd get horny then
instead of bloated and bitchy."

Jill thought to herself for a few moments; she'd broken up with
her boyfriend Tommy nearly six months earlier and had had only
one love session in all that time and it had been an
unsatisfactory disaster that had left her unfulfilled for weeks.
 She was really getting tired of masturbating, and constantly
hearing about Janie's great love making with Jimmy was getting
to her.  It wasn't as if Jimmy wasn't a hot looking guy and he
had definitely express an interest in getting into her pants as
Janie said.  She knew that Jane wouldn't mind, she was very open
minded. She and Jimmy had changed partners once or twice that
she knew of but of course she had no partner to offer her
roommate.  Maybe she should accept the offer.  Janie seemed none
the worse for wear; just the opposite and there were no visible
bruises.

"Your sure there's no pain, no hidden bruises or anything?" 
Janie immediately stood up and stripped off her dress and
quickly removed her bra and panties.  "Look for yourself, I
wouldn't lie to you Jill and I promise you'll have the best time
of your life.  This isn't really bondage like Jimmy and I are
into sometimes and it won't convert you into B&D or anything
like that.  Jimmy and I aren't into discipline that much anyhow,
just light bondage to spice up the sex but this is the best.  So
should I make the call, come on what have you got to lose?"

Jill carefully looked at her now naked roommate; Jane's whole
body seemed to glow with life and her pussy still looked damp. 
Reluctantly Jill consented.  Jane walked to the phone and dialed
Jimmy's number.  "Jimmy, Jill would like to try it, how about
the day after tomorrow?"  "Fine, okay, I forgot, I'll ask her?" 
"I forgot to mention that the place you go is secret so you have
to be blindfolded to get there.  Is that going to change your
mind?  Jimmy will drive you and bring you back here."  "I guess
not, you've really intrigued me.  You'll have to instruct me on
what I'll have to do."  "No problem."  "Okay Jimmy, what time do
you have to pick up Jill?"  "Ten o'clock in the morning, should
be okay.  I'll see you tomorrow for dinner."

Jane made Jill wait until Jimmy, who arrived late, came over the
next night for dinner and then made her wait until after dinner
and dessert before explaining to her roommate what she would
have to do when she arrived at her destination the next day. 
"Jimmy will escort you into the building and take off your
blindfold.  You'll be in a small room with a small table and
chair and some hooks to put your clothes on.  Take off all your
clothes and there will be a ball gag, two fur lined wrist
straps, two fur lined ankle straps, a wide fur lined belt and a
fur lined blindfold.  Put on everything and the guys will do the
rest."  "Why a gag and a blindfold and how will they know when
I'm ready?"  "The gag and blindfold add to the excitement by not
letting you know who's making love to you and not letting you
tell them what to do.  Once you put everything on you don't have
to do anything but experience the exquisite pleasure they'll
produce in you.  There's a peep hole in the inner door so
they'll know when your ready."  "I suppose it's too late to back
out now."  Jimmy spoke up, "Not at all, if when you get there
you don't get yourself ready I'll just drive you back home.  No
one but me will mind, I won't get to see what charms you hide
behind your tiny bikini."  "Okay, I guess I'm still game."  Jill
looked at her watch; I was nearly midnight.  "I guess I'll go to
bed, talking to you two is getting me hot already."  "Don't
masturbate tonight, you'll enjoy tomorrow more if your really
hot and wanting."  "All right roomie I'll be a good girl."

The next day Jimmy arrived at 10 o'clock to pick up Jill who had
just finished showering.  She slipped a simple sun dress over
her plain white bra and panties and Jimmy walked her to the car
and opened the door for her.  On the seat of the car was a
blindfold like the kind some people use to sleep.  Her stomach
quivered a bit and Jill sat down and adjusted her seat belt. 
Jimmy got in the driver's side and after seat belting himself
pulled out onto the empty residential street.  "Jane tells me
that your period should start the day after tomorrow?"  "Yes, or
maybe as early as tomorrow night, is that a problem?"  "Not at
all, it means that none of your lovers has to wear a condom,;
all healthy and clean and Jane assures me that you are too so
unless you object?"  "I was a little concerned, are you sure
about the others?  How many of you will there be?"  Jill had
never had more than one lover at a time, even when Jane had
asked her to join with and her Jimmy, Jill had refused since she
had only recently broken up with Tom. He had been too possessive
for Jane even to suggest a foursome while they were together. 
"That would be telling Jill, don't worry, your safe and I
promise you a fantastic time.  Better put your blindfold on
now."  Jill did as instructed.

They arrived about a half hour later and Jimmy escorted the
blindfolded Jill into a small room. "Wait until you here the
door close before you remove your blindfold Jill," Jimmy
directed her as he helped her to the chair in the small room. 
Jill waited until she heard a door close and then slowly took
off the blindfold.  She immediately closed her eyes and blinked
several times to get her eyes adjusted to the light.  She looked
around the room.  It was as Jane had described it.  She could
see the small glass lens of the peep hole in the door.  She got
up and slipped her dress over her head, then she took an ankle
strap from the table and strapped it around her ankle.  After
strapping on the other one she put on the wrist straps, they
were easier to strap on then she had thought they would be. 
Next she put on the belt and removed her bra and panties. 
Finally she put on the ball gag and adjusted it so it was snug
but comfortable.  Jill was happy she had allowed Jane to show
her how a ball gag worked that morning.  Looking around
apprehensively she picked up the blindfold mask and slipped it
over her head.

Standing next to the table she wondered if someone was watching
her through the peep hole.  After a minute or so of waiting, her
body quivered inside, had she made a mistake?  Where were they,
why didn't they come and get her?  Just then she heard the door
open and two sets of foot steps came toward her.  One set of
hands adjusted the mask while the other hooked her wrists to the
belt at her waist effectively preventing her from using her
hands.  They positioned her hand to the inside so even her
fingers could not explore her surroundings.

They each took an elbow and led her out of the small room.  They
gently lifted her onto a coach or table; it felt like leather or
high quality vinyl.  It was soft but firm and she thought it was
narrow but couldn't be sure why she had that impression.  The
men did not speak and she found this mildly disconcerting but
exciting at the same time.  She was sure they were men because
they both seemed taller and stronger than her.

Jill was a fairly tall woman at five foot nine with long light
brown hair and dark brown eyes that drew men in like deep dark
wells.  Her breasts were medium sized with no sag, quite firm;
her tits were dark brown and small, not much bigger than a
quarter.  Jill's pubic bush was thick with curly medium brown
hair shaved on the sides so that it was barely two inches wide
to keep anything for showing when she wore her small high cut
thong bikini to the beach.  She was well tanned except for her
breasts from the top of her areola down and around her pubic
patch.  Even her ass was tanned as Jill always wore thongs.

They positioned her on the table so that her ass hung over the
edge.  While one man quickly fastened her wide belt to the table
so she couldn't squirm off, the other anchored her mask and gag
so that she was unable to move her head.  Jill began to panic
but was helplessly bound to the table.  Someone put earphones,
playing light classical music, on her; she could hear nothing
else.  They let her lay this way for what seemed like forever
but was in reality only slightly over a minute.  They seemed to
sense her calming down and proceeded to lift her legs up and
spread them.  They hooked something like a rope to the ankle
straps.  She could move her legs back or out but could not lower
them nor bring them closer together.

Jill exercised to stay in shape and knew from experience that in
this position her pussy and ass were wide open for anything
anyone wanted to do.  A pair of feathers tickled at her breasts
and her nipples immediately respond and became erect.  Then
another pair of feathers tickled her smooth tanned inner thighs.
 Her stomach quivered and her cunt began to get moist.  While
the feathers continued lightly to tickle her, she felt something
cool spread over and rubbed into her pussy, from the top of her
pubic bone down to her anus.  As soon as the razor made its
first pass she knew she should have expected this.  Jane had
been shaved bare the other day, of course since Jimmy liked a
bare pussy Jane often shaved off all her hair but Jill had never
stripped her pussy totally of its hairy covering.  Jimmy had
often teased her that she should shave it all off while they
waited for her to trim her pubic hair so nothing would show
around her bikini.  She wondered if Jimmy was shaving her now or
was he tickling her with a feather or just watching.  How many
men were there?  At least three she was sure.

The feathers kept tickling her while they finished shaving off
all her thick brown curly hair.  By the time they were finished
she was really hot, her pussy felt like it was soaking wet and
not only were her nipples hard and erect but she could feel that
her clitoris was also erect.  The feathers stopped tickling her
and she suddenly realized that besides the classical music there
were sex sounds coming into her ears.  She found this very
erotic and finally gave herself up fully to the aphrodisiatic
sensations.  Something warm and hard was being slowly inserted
into her vagina, not a cock but some exotic vibrator that pulsed
gently and rhythmically.  It expanded to fill her delightfully
and she ached for them to pump it in and out of her and make her
come.

After a minute or so she felt a hand begin to fondle and caress
her breasts and while she was enjoying the sensation something
began to penetrate her anus.  At first she thought is was
another vibrator, and she wondered if she'd ever get a cock
inside her.  Vibrators were okay but cocks were a lot better. 
Then the thing up her ass began to expand as if a balloon were
being inflated inside her ass and she felt a spurt of something
and a warm tingling in her rectum.  It took her several seconds
to realize that they were giving her an enema.

Jill'd had enemas before when she was constipated but this was
nothing like that.  The solution seemed to invade her bowels
gently and made them tingle.  This enema was going in very
slowly; the nozzle must have a balloon on the inside to keep the
enema from leaking out.  After several minutes Jill felt herself
getting very mellow and high, not drunk but unquestionably an
intoxicated feeling.  What was in that enema?

Finally the solution stopped flowing and a hand moved from one
breast to her clit where fingers teased it lightly flicking
across it and then caressing around it.  Jill wanted to scream
to them to make her come; she'd never been this hot before and
she was getting more intoxicated by the minute.  Her body ached
for an orgasm and she knew she was right on the precipice of a
really intense super come.  She arched her back to try to make
her clit stay in contact with those teasing fingers but the belt
at her waist somehow tied to the table kept her from moving her
pussy.

After several almost torturous minutes a hand began to pump the
dildo in and out of her steamy cunt.  Jill felt the balloon
inside her ass deflate and the enema nozzle being pulled out as
someone began stroking her clit in earnest.  She told herself to
hold in the enema but she was hot and high and the hands on her
body felt sooo gooood.  Two hands now caressed and fondled her
breasts as two other hands played with her pussy; pumping the
warm thick dildo in and out, in and out of her hot wet vagina. 
The other hand massaged her clit, rubbing above it and around
it; tweaking it between a thumb and a finger, never letting up.

In less than a minute Jill rocketed into an incredibly intense
body shaking orgasm and the enema jetted out of her ass into a
waiting chamber pot.  They kept her coming for almost two full
minutes.  They continued to rub and stroke her clitoris and with
each stroke her body shook with another strong orgasm.  Jill
nearly passed out from the fierce pleasure they inflicted on her
willing body.  They gave her a few minutes to catch her breath
as she continued to expel the enema and then someone gently
cleaned her ass.

After her ass had been cleaned, Jill felt the dildo slowly
pulled from her now quieting vagina and someone began carefully
to lubricate her anus.  A thick object was then pushed inch by
inch into her waiting asshole.  There was very little pain but
at first Jill could not decide what they were inserting into her
backdoor.  It kept getting thicker and thicker with each
penetrating push.  She could feel her anal sphincter being
stretched.  Suddenly with one last thrust Jill knew that her
lovers had inserted a large buttplug up her ass for her
sphincter although still stretched was now holding the thick
monster inside her, tight around the plugs narrower bottom.  She
could feel the large round end pressing against her ass checks
and she wondered what would happen next.

They left Jill wondering for more than two minutes; blindfolded
and bound as she was, only the music in her ears assured her
that it was only a short time before they were again touching
her body.  This time something was strapped just above her
clitoris, it didn't touch her clit but rested near the base of
her hidden love button.  The vibrations were so gentle at first
that Jill could not be certain that she felt them.  Her clitoris
had never been stimulated this way before and although she'd had
vibrators up her ass in the past, never one so long and thick as
the buttplug  now lodged so firm in her asshole.  Jill felt her
body respond to the vibrations.  She luxuriated in the twin
feelings.  The vibrator at the base of her clitoris sent quivers
through her clit, into her vagina and finally to her pussy lips.
 The one in her ass sent deep tremors through he whole genitalia
and up into her stomach.  The feeling was intense.  Soon Jill
longed for another release into orgasmic pleasure and gloried in
the delightful sensations the vibrators produced.

A cock now rubbed up and down and around her labia.  It teased
the entrance of her love channel, never fully entering, always
being with drawn at the last instant before penetration.  After
a few minutes her lover relented and slowly slid his hard member
into her hot wet vagina.  He penetrated deep until his pubic
hairs brushed her erect clitoris.  The touch sent shivers
through Jill's high lusting body and she longed for him to pump
his rock hard cock in and out of her cunt.  Jill was more than
ready for another orgasm and she only needed her lover's penis
pistoning in and out, in and out, in and out of her churning
cunt to set her off.  Her lover had other ideas and he slowly
pulled his cock out of her vagina until only its head remained
in her love tunnel.  With a slow deliberate rhythm her lover
fucked her pussy with long deep strokes, always brushing her
protruding clit with his pubic hair but never fast enough to
send his bound lover over the top.

Finally the man also was on the verge of an orgasm; he grabbed
Jill's breasts in his hands and squeezed them, forcing the hard
nipples into his palms.  He increased the speed of his thrusts
and on each inward push his pubic bone would press against
Jill's engorged clit.  The second time was all she needed for
her orgasm to erupt.  Her pussy pulsed against the bulging cock
and as Jill's orgasm began to ebb her lover could hold back no
longer and his hard penis spurted jet after jet of hot cum into
Jill's still quivering vagina; flooding her dark red tunnel with
his semen.  After several minutes of staying motionless, his
cock buried deep in Jill's cunt, his penis began to shrink and
the man slipped out of the warm moist vagina.  His cum leaked
out and ran down her crack to cover the vibrating buttplug
before dripping on to the floor.

The enema solution and the two vibrators kept Jill pleasantly
high and randy but after a few minutes alone she was ready for
another lover.  She was not disappointed for long.  Carefully
the buttplug was pulled from her anus.  Her asshole remained
covered with cum.  Almost as soon as the buttplug had been
removed a penis pushed into her cum soaked vagina.  Jill could
feel that the cock was firm but not rock hard and she was
certain that its owner intended to use her love hole merely to
obtain the hardness necessary for it to penetrate her ass.  The
cock stroked in and out of her vagina; now it too was covered
with the cum of her previous lover.  The strokes were long and
deep.  With each stroke she could feel her new lover's penis
expand and grow harder until his manhood was as stiff and rigid
as a thick steel rod.

Jill loved the feel of a hard cock inside her cunt but she'd
never had one in her ass and she was apprehensive.  Tommy had
tried to butt fuck her a couple of times but his cock was just
too thick even with lots of lubrication.  Of course Jill thought
to herself when Tommy had tired to fuck her ass she hadn't been
given a relaxing intoxicating enema nor had a large buttplug
stretched wide her anal sphincter.

Jill waited as her lover continued pump his penis in and out of
her vagina with those exquisite long deep thrusts.  Just as Jill
began to think she'd been mistaken about being butt fucked her
lover slid his cum covered hard rod out of her hot wet cunt and
pushed it against her cum covered anus.  It did not take much
pushing before the cum slick male organ was penetrating her ass,
stretching her sphincter almost as much as the buttplug had. 
Slowly and steadily the hard rigid cock invaded her virgin
asshole until finally Jill felt her lover's balls against her
ass checks and his pubic hair tickled the bottom of her labia. 
Now he began to pump in and out, slowly at first but each stroke
was faster and harder than the last.  Jill delighted in the full
feeling of a hard cock up her ass.  There had been very little
pain, of course she was still high and relaxed from the
intoxicating enema and well lubricated by her previous lover's
cum.

Jill felt that all she needed now was another cock filling her
pussy and she would come hard and quick.  Her ass felt good but
her cunt was empty and longed to be filled.  Her lovers did not
disappoint the young helpless lascivious woman.  As her lover
pulled his cock out of her ass so that only its head was held
tightly inside her ass, he slipped a vibrating dildo into her
cunt.  Jill was in ecstasy with the twin fullness of cock and
dildo and she waited patiently for her lover to continue.  He
let her wait nearly a minute but the wait was worth while.

After pushing his penis back up her ass, as he began pumping his
cock in and out of her asshole, the warm vibrating dildo pumped
in and out of her trembling hot love hole too, much to her
surprise and delight.  It did not take too many long hard deep
strokes in and out of her two holes before the bound woman was
once more ready to orgasm.  Again her lover did not disappoint
her for the dildo vibrating in her cunt created a luscious
sensation for his cock in her ass and he too was primed to come.
 He grabbed her breasts in his hands and flicked his thumbs over
her hard nipples.  This was all Jill need.  She came.  Her cunt
muscles squeezed and pulsed against the vibrating dildo as it
continued to pump in and out of her orgasming vagina.  With two
more hard fast thrusts her lover buried his cock deep in her
asshole and came with her.  His cum spurted into her bowels; jet
after jet of hot cum enemaized her rectum until finally her
lover's penis was drained dry.  Although Jill had come first her
orgasms didn't cease until after her lover's cock stop pumping
cum up her ass.

She found it hard to catch her breath with the gag in her mouth
and her lover turned off the two vibrators while he caught his
own breath with his shrinking cock still firmly planted in her
ass.  Finally after a few minutes he slowly let his penis slip
out of her anus and with it came his cum to drip out of her
asshole and down her ass checks before dripping in a big gob to
the floor.  Somehow he had left the dildo in her vagina.

They let Jill continue to rest and recover for a few more
minutes.  Jill was sure there was at least one more man to
satisfy with her bound body.  She had already come more often
than ever before and although her body was satisfied it was not
yet satiated.

The first sign Jill had that they hadn't forgotten her was the
sex sounds that again could be heard over what she now realized
was erotic music.  She was not quite certain when the sounds of
a woman in sexual ecstasy had ceased earlier, perhaps when the
vibrators had been turned off, but now they were back and they
alone began to turn her on once again.  Jill felt four hands
begin to play with her breasts.  They gently squeezed her
mammaries and tweaked and lightly pinched her nipples with
fingers while thumbs caressed her areolie and palms fondled her
warm firm breast flesh; in no time at all her nipples were again
hard and erect, begging to be touched.  Next she felt a firm
hard cock slowly penetrate her anus again.  This cock too had
little trouble slipping into her slick cum covered asshole. 
When this new lover buried his penis deep in her ass, he turned
on the two vibrators and Jill knew that another powerful orgasm
awaited her.

This time she was not surprised that when her lover drew his
cock partially out of her anus that the dildo was likewise
pulled partly out of her vagina.  Thus for a second time her ass
and cunt were being fucked together and the sensation was
intensely exquisite and lustful.  Jill wondered if normal sex
would ever satisfy her again.

Her new lover was patient; he fucked her slowly but with short
quick thrusts.  It seemed to take three or four thrusts before
his prick lodged deep in her ass with the vibrating dildo
following suit and pressing deep into her slippery wet vagina. 
Another three or four backward thrust removed the shafts from
her holes so only the head of his penis remained in her ass and
only an inch of the dildo penetrated her cunt.  He pumped in and
out of her like this at least a dozen times before changing his
rhythm to longer strokes so that now it took only two thrusts to
move in and another two to move back out again.  After each
thrust her lover would wait a couple of seconds before
continuing to move in and out and sometimes instead of going all
the way in after his inward stroke he would move back out again.
 This discontinuous movement confused and frustrated the bound
woman whose breasts continued to be fondled and caressed.  These
movements turned her on considerably but at the same time were
two random to permit her to come.  The orgasmic tension in Jill
was rising.  She wanted to come now; she needed to come.

Still her lover tormented her.  Finally he changed his rhythm
again, to the long deep strokes that Jill loved but still just
slightly too slow to allow the helpless woman to come.  Slowly
he increased his speed and he began to finger her erect
sensitive clitoris; lightly at first so that she would not come
too soon.  As his cock and the vibrating dildo began to pump
faster in and out of her two holes, his petting of her clitoris
also increased until suddenly Jill was in the throes of a
tremendous body shaking orgasm.

She arched her back and howled through her gag.  Her lover
tormentor kept the bound woman coming for well over a minute by
fondling her clitoris with his thumb while his cock and the
vibrating dildo were both buried deep inside her.  As her orgasm
began to ebb despite her lover's caresses Jill lost control of
her bladder and a stream of golden warm piss jetted onto the
man's belly.  As if this was his cue he pumped quickly in and
out three times and came into Jill's asshole, squirting his
thick cum into his willing victim.

While Jill slowly recovered from her incredible orgasm, the man
waited; his penis lodged firmly up her ass.  Jill could not
understand the wait and then she felt a warm flow into her
bowels like the enema.  It took her several seconds before she
could identify what was happening to her.  As the flow stopped,
Jill realized that the man had urinated into her asshole, had
given her a golden enema.  At first she was turned off but then
she decided it was only fair, after all she had pissed onto him
first.  Her lover pulled his limp cock from her ass and her open
asshole discharged a mixture of piss and cum that slowly flowed
down her ass checks and onto the floor.

Jill was not sure if there would be another lover or not, she
couldn't tell if there had been three or four men who bound and
carried her.  Of course she thought to herself there was no
reason why there shouldn't be four or five or even six men if
her captors wished it.  As Jill contemplated having her body
used by two or three more men, the buttplug was reinserted;
filling her asshole.  Next two strange feeling things were
placed over her breasts.  There was a small circular cut out
just wide enough for her nipples to fit through.  Somehow they
strapped these things to her and Jill wondered apprehensively
what would come next.

She did not have to wait long.  Her legs were lowered and
secured to the outside of whatever she was lying on such that
her pussy was still wide open.  The things on her breasts began
to vibrate, it was a very erotic sensation and her nipples
quickly became hard and erect.  The vibrator at the base of her
clit was also turned on, as was the vibrating buttplug that
filled her ass.  Jill was not given time to wonder what was
next, a thick curved dildo, already vibrating sensuously, was
gently inserted into her vagina.  Jill was sure this was a
G-spot vibrator; she had used one many times in the past six
months and always reveled in the warm spreading orgasm that
stimulating her G-spot produced.  She looked forward to having
her lovers excite her body this way.  At first she thought her
lovers rather inept, they moved the vibrator all round her
G-spot without ever quite touching it but after the vibrator
circled the spot for the third time she knew that they were
teasing her.  She wanted to scream, she wanted to beg them to
let her come, she needed to come and still they kept the
vibrator just off the right spot.

Finally they stopped moving the vibrator; they left it just
below her G-spot.  Jill was in agony at not being allowed
release from the sexual tension they had created.  If only they
had left the vibrator above her sensitive spot she was sure she
could have forced the vibrator out just enough to rest where it
would do the most good but there was no way she could suck the
vibrator up her cunt to the spot.  She tried anyway to no avail.

She felt hands on her wrists and when they were removed her
hands were free.  She did not hesitate an instant; her hands
flew to the vibrator in her pussy and moved it up to that
special wonderful spot.  Her arm pressed down on the vibrator at
her clitoris accidentally but she kept it there because the
sensation was incredible.  Jill had never had both a G-spot
orgasm and a clitoris stimulated orgasm at the same time until
now.  She let the warm feeling of her G-spot orgasm wash over
her whole body and delighted at the intense orgasm her vibration
stimulated clitoris generated.  As usual pressing on her G-spot
made her want to pee and what with her other orgasm she let the
piss jet out of her hole soaking her hands.  The orgasms were so
intense that Jill nearly fainted.  Her hands were two weak to
pull the vibrator out and stop the incredibly wonderful
exquisite orgasm.  Eventually her hands slid to her side and the
dildo slipped slowly out of her quaking pulsing vagina to
vibrate uselessly on the floor.

Jill lay this way for several minutes recovering, before she
reached a hand up to undo her gag; no one seemed to be around. 
Her hand stopped short at about her breast and she realized that
her hand was still tethered to her waist by a short string or
something.  She waited, expecting her lovers either to release
her or continue to use her body.  Nobody came.  After a while
she realized that she could undo her hands herself and did so. 
Next she unfastened the belt so she could sit up and then she
removed the ball gag.  Her jaw ached.  When she removed the
blindfold, she was immediately blinded by the bright lights and
quickly put the blindfold loosely back on.  As her eyes adjusted
to the dim light the loose blindfold allowed to seep in, she
removed the vibrators from her clit and her breasts.  The
buttplug continued to vibrate in her ass.  Finally her eyes had
adjusted and she again removed the blindfold; this time keeping
her eyes shut.  The light was very bright but eventually she
could open her eyes fully and look around.

Jill saw that she was on a narrow table, her legs were fastened
to the legs of the table.  Carefully she stood up and bent down
to remove the constraints and free herself from the table.  She
spotted a camera about two feet in front of her, just out of the
bright light and pointed right at where her ass had rested on
the edge of the table. Lights flooded the table and her from
both above, below and both sides; the rest of the room was
relatively dark.  There was a wide screen TV in the corner and
she was shown on it from four different views.  There was an
overhead view from slightly in front of her; looking up she
could see the camera on the ceiling.  There were two straight on
views, a normal shot and a close-up, and a view from below.  She
sat back down on the table and looked at the TV, the close-up
shot almost looked right into her vagina; and with her legs up
in the air she was sure her asshole would be included in the
close-up as well.

Having sat down; the vibrating buttplug still in her ass caught
her attention.  She lay down, lifted her legs and carefully
removed the butt plug.  A small amount of liquid dripped out
down the crack of her ass and onto the floor as Jill dropped the
buttplug to the sex wet floor.  She glanced at the TV;  there
were her pussy and asshole shown in full color detail in the
lower right corner of the screen.  It was as if she were only a
foot away from her own body, the detail was so great.  Above
that picture, was the moderate close-up from below -- say from
about two feet away -- right where she'd found the first camera.

Jill stood back up and looked into the dim room for the other
two cameras.   She walked out of the light and there they were
one right above the other against the far wall at table height
facing the table she had been bound to.  The woman now looked
for a door and saw that it was on the same wall as the TV.  She
walked to it and peered out the peep hole into the room she had
first been in.  Her clothes were still there but the room was
empty.  She tried to open the door but it was locked.  She
turned back to the table, "What am I supposed to do now?" she
asked of the empty room.  She walked over to the TV set and
noticed cushions on the floor.  She sat down in front of the TV.
 The screen blanked for a moment and then a different scene was
shown.

 Again the screen was broken up into four mini screens, each
just over a foot wide and Jill filled each mini screen as she
had when the scene had been live.  Only this was obviously a
video on pause.  "They recorded the whole thing," she thought to
herself.  There she was bound and gagged with no one around; her
legs spread wide and held up by two sets up rope.

The video began to play and Jill watched fascinated as first
feathers appeared to tickle her breasts.  She remembered the
feel of the feathers and reached a hand up to her breast and
caressed it.  Her other hand cupped her very satisfied and
well-used hairless pussy as the scene now showed her pubic hair
being shaved off.  Jill would never know who had shaved her
pussy, because the man wore a mask.  She would discover that all
her lovers had been masked.

Jill slowly masturbated as she watched her experience unfold on
the TV screen; the dildo being pushed into her vagina that first
time.  The enema nozzle being inserted into her ass.  The enema
jetting out of her ass in close-up was an incredible sight. 
Jill came with a shudder as she watched herself being sodomized
by a masked lover with a long hard cock and a belt attached to
the dildo up her cunt.  She came a final time as the video ended
with her tremendous orgasm as the screen showed her bringing
herself to that super orgasm with the G-spot vibrator.

Jill had never come so many times before.  She wondered if they
would give her a copy of the exciting video she had stared in. 
She wondered too what else they would do with the video?  Of
course with the blindfold and the ball gag no one was likely to
recognize her and with her lovers each masked by a leather hood
they too were anonymous.

Jill heard the door latch click and quickly went to the door. 
Now unlocked; she opened the door and went into the other room. 
No one was there.  She suddenly realized that she smelled of sex
but there was nothing to wash or clean or even wipe herself with
so she finally just put her clothes back on.  As soon as she had
adjusted her sun dress Jimmy opened the outside door and came
into the room to drive her back home.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" he asked.  "Weren't you one of my
lovers, or didn't you at least watch?" Jill replied.  "That
would be telling; please put this blindfold back on," and Jimmy
picked up and handed her the blindfold she had worn in the car
during the trip here.  She put it on and Jimmy escorted her to
his car and drove her back to her apartment.  About half way
there he told her she could remove the blindfold.  "You didn't
answer my question, did you have fun?" Jimmy inquired as Jill
removed her blindfold.  "Can't you tell?"  "Well you smell like
you've come a number of times and that you've satisfied several
men.  Did they satisfy you?"  "Did they ever!"  "We told you
that you wouldn't be disappointed."  "You kept your promise,
that's for sure.  I've never come so often; I feel like this
should satiate me for a month."  "Oh I hope not, Janie and I
want you to join us as soon as your period stops.  We're both
really looking forward to making love to you.  Your video tape
should be ready by then and Janie just got hers.  She really
wants to see yours and I suspect you wouldn't mind seeing her
video now would you."  Jimmy pulled over to the curb and stopped
the car.

As Jill stepped from the car she said, "You're right Jimmy; it's
a date.  This time a week from now okay?"  Jimmy reached over,
closed her door and said, "See all of you then, don't let your
pussy hair grow."  Before she could reply, Jimmy drove off. 
Jill wondered how he'd known,  had he watched or had he been one
of the lovers or did he guess that she'd been shaved from
Janie's experience?  Jill never found out. 

