                                                       JILL

Jill Cavendish Baker, 35 years old and 18 months married, emerged from the
shower mad as a wet hen.  

"TED!" she shouted through the closed door of the tiny, unventilated
upstairs bathroom.

"You took my TOWEL again!!"  No answer.  She ran the big de-tangling comb
through her mahogany hair and yanked open the door, thankful for the cool
air in the hallway.  Where WAS he?  She thundered down the stairs, a delicate
spray of water drops in her wake, a damp blue towel tied carelessly around
her small waist.  Her breasts jiggled as her feet hit the stairs, their
rosy nipples pointing the way to the kitchen.  Ted, her husband for every one
of those 18 months, was not to be found.  However, Jill's fury was fed by the
sight of three unwashed pans, a now-ruined bowl of leftover spaghetti sauce
on top of the microwave, and three hungry cats staring mournfully at their
dinner-encrusted bowls.

"TED!!!!" she howled, stamping her foot and scattering the cats.  "Where ARE 
you?? NOTHING is done...I can't do EVERYTHING, I am late for my JOB, 
remember??  I have a MEETING...you PROMISED to take care of this stuff!!!"  
Her eye fell on the countertop...Ted's briefcase and attendant papers were 
spread over every available inch.

"SHIT!!!!!!" Jill walked over to the mess and swept it onto the floor,
watching it hit with a satisfying thud-ruffle-ruffle.  "I TOLD you not to 
spread this crap all over the place.  You've GOT a goddamn study, haven't 
you??  Look, where ARE you??" she whined, storming into the living room.  If 
I don't get in early, I'm NOT going to be able to leave on time and pick up 
the food for this moronic poker party you're having tonight!! TEDDDD!!!!"

He came down the stairs slowly, his jaw working, his eyes clouded with anger.

He looked at his suddenly silent young wife, looked past her at the
briefcase, now leaning at a jaunty angle against the wing chair in the
living room, and the papers for the grant proposal now carpeting the carpet.

"What seems to be the problem now, Jill?" he asked, his voice low and
controlled.

"The problem?  The PROBLEM?? You said you would clean up last night, you
haven't fed the cats, your shit" (he grimaced in spite of himself)  "is
all over the counter again, you took my Polo bathsheet, and you PROMISED to
drive me to the Park 'N Ride because my car is in the shop, REMEMBER??"  She 
was magnificent looking, he was able to think, despite the steam escaping at
an alarming rate from his brain.  

"I didn't give you a timetable for cleaning the pans, I will feed the cats
when I get back from driving you to the Park 'N Ride, the Polo bathsheet
is in the laundry where YOU put it, and, if you recall, YOU were using my
study last night to prepare your notes for today's meeting."  She hated when 
he was reasonable. He was always reasonable.

"Well, why didn't you ANSWER me when I CALLED you?" she asked, mollified
but unbowed.

"I was on the phone...in the study." He turned to retreive the scattered
papers.

"With whom?" she asked, hand on the staircase, running her hand through
her drying hair.  She kept walking up, not really caring to whom he had been
speaking.

"Your Father."  She stopped just in time to be able to duck her head down
over the balustrade and consider his 46 year old professorial backside.

"My FATHER?  You talked to him yesterday, didn't you?  Since when have you
two become such good buddies?"

"He's sending me something FedEx.  I called to make sure he had done it
yesterday because I need it tonight."  His voice remained impassive, calm.
 
"Something?  What thing?" Her curiosity was aroused.  "His poker-chip
thing that you like?"

"No.  You'll see. Now hurry up and get dressed."  She came down several
minutes later, transformed from wet hen to professional broadcast time
buyer, correctly suited, stockinged, heeled, and briefcased.  Her hair was 
caught up in a thick, glossy frenchbraid, and delicate gold jewelry decorated 
her wrist and earlobes.  He caught the singular scent of "Joy" as he bent to 
kiss her.

She smiled in spite of her determination to let him know how much he had
annoyed her.

"Do I look yummy?" she asked coyly.

"Good enough to eat," was his part of the morning repartee.

"Dig in!" she completed, grinning and kissing him back.  She loved this
part of being married...the petted and treasured part.  She had never 
intended to marry, but Ted had changed her mind.  He was a little studied, a 
little deliberate, just a tiny bit boring since his early tenure at Duke had 
come through, and he worried way too much, but all in all he was a welcome 
change from her firey, blue-collar Father.

"Let's go, babe," he pushed her toward the door.  "I want to drop you off
and get back here so I can put the grant together again."  She grimaced,
regretting her rash reaction to his work. He kissed her again as her bus
was pulling in, watched until she had boarded, and sped back to the house.  
As he pulled into the driveway, he saw the red, white and blue FedEx truck in
his rear-view mirror.  Good timing, he thought, and smiled.
                                                    ***
"TEDDDDDDDD!!!!!" she shouted, juggling the tray from the deli, her
briefcase, and the keys to the company car she had borrowed.  She kneed
the front door closed behind her and shouted again.

"TEDDDDDDYYYYYYYYY!!!" She knew he hated the diminuitive, so she used it
only when she was totally exasperated by his refusal to be where she wanted 
him when she wanted him.

"Hi Jill!" startled her, and she looked toward the living room.

"Ohmigod!  Hi guys!" she said, looking confused, dropping the keys and
briefcase and checking the clock.  "I didn't expect you till seven!" she
went on, leaving the deli tray on the immaculate kitchen counter, next to the
clock that said 6:15.  Ted's three best friends...Alex, Ben, and Adrian...sat
two to the couch, one to the chair in the smartly decorated living room.

"Yeah, it was 7, but Ted called us and asked us to get over here
early...said something about wanting to make it an early night," said Ben, 
winking at the other two.

"Oh, you guys!" replied Jill, smoothing her skirt and blushing slightly at
the implication.  She was confused.  Ted never ever made statements that
included sexual innuendo.  It just wasn't like him.  She turned and went back
into the kitchen, noting the bulging FedEx envelope lying next to the sink.
Wonder what Dad sent him? she thought, pulling Saran Wrap off the deli tray
and checking the fridge for beer.  As soon as this was done she could change
and meet HER friends for drinks at LaPub.  She didn't hear Ted come down the
stairs, she was busy half-listening to the banter among the guys.  She
started when he stepped behind her and put his big hands on her shoulders.

"Sorry, sweetie" (Sweetie? she thought) "didn't mean to scare you. How was
the meeting?"

"It went ok," she brightened, kissing him quickly.  "The Dairy Board has
committed to 52 weeks of broadcast, and they want spot, so it will be busy
but lucrative for the mmmmffff!"  He had cut her off with a kiss...a deep,
long, hot, wet kiss that left her shaken and breathless.

"Yo! Ted, my Man!!"

"Way to go, Tedster!"

"Wooooo! Do it!"

The guys were shouting from the living room.  Ted let her go and spun
around, firing a silencing look.  

"This is serious, guys...I told you."

Jill's heart was pounding.

"Ted, what is this about? You ARE scaring me now!"  He took the FedEx
envelope and handed it to her.  

"Hold this while we talk, young lady," he said sternly, propelling her
into the living room and sitting her on the coffee table in front of the 
couch.

(Young LADY?  she was beginning to perspire lightly).

Ted stood in front of her.  The guys fell silent behind him.  All eyes were 
on her.

"Things are going to be changing around here, young lady.  I am completely
aware that you think I am stuffy, academic, and maybe a bit boring.."

"Oh honey, no, I..."

"DON'T interrupt.  I have done what you would expect me to do, Jill.  I
have formed a committee.  I have consulted.  I have researched.  I don't like
what I have found."

He fell silent.  Jill fidgeted, pulling at the hem of her skirt, removing
invisible lint and smoothing non-existent wrinkles. 

"Your behavior in this house and your attitude toward me are appalling, I
don't need a committee to tell me that. Jill looked down, embarrassed. I
did however, need a bit of input from my friends here to deduce that you have
been flirting with each of them, as well as with male co-workers, THAT thanks
to Adrian, who shares your workplace!"  Jill glared at Adrian, who looked
sheepish. Ted continued:  "How did you think that would make me feel, Jill?"
he asked quietly. She looked up at him for the first time since he had begun 
to speak, and saw the hurt and the anger in his face.  She wanted to die.

"It was just a game, honey," she said earnestly, needing to convince him.
"It doesn't mean anything, really.  And I'll be better around the house, I
shouldn't have those tantrums, I know, I just get so soo MAD, and then
I..."

"And then you act like a spoiled little girl?"

"Well..." her cheeks were burning with the humiliation of having what she
felt should be a private conversation in front of these three.

"There was an outside consultant as well, Jill."

"Outside?" she asked, confused.
"Open the package. Let's see what your Dad suggested as a remedy for our
'situation'."

A fresh wave of embarrassment washed over her. Ted had actually talked to
her FATHER about their relationship...about her behavior?  She began to squirm
with some very unpleasant memories connected with her Father and the word
"behavior".

"Open it, Jill!" Ted repeated.

She tore away the little strip and reached inside.  She pulled her hand
back as if it had been burned.

"Ohmigod, no, Ted...this is a joke, isn't it?"

"Take it out, Jill!"

"No, honey, really, I..."

"TAKE IT OUT NOW!" he thundered, making her jump.  She had never seen him
like this, so tightly wound, so commanding.  Her heart began to pound. The
guys leaned forward, fascinated.  She dipped her hand in again, and gingerly
pulled out the contents.  Adrian let out a long, low whistle.  Ben snickered.
Alex muttered something in Italian she didn't catch.  She began to shake,
tears forming and sparkling behind her lashes.

"Ted, this is a cruel joke, I am so embarrassed that you did this!"

"Tell the guys what this is, Jill."

"Ted, no, I..."

"DO IT!"

She looked at the three of them.  They were all mouth-breathing, the bastards, 
loving her discomfort.

"This is the strap my Dad used to...to...spank me with when I was a girl,"
she managed, with some dignity.

"SHOW IT!"

She jumped and held the strap between upraised and widespread hands.  She
shook as she displayed the supple brown leather belt that had caressed her
bare backside more times than she cared to recall.

"Is this over now, Ted?" she managed through clenched teeth.

"Oh, no, my dear.  No, not at all!  You are about to remember exactly what
it felt like.  You are about to learn that us quiet, academic, boring types 
have our limits, my dear wife, and that you have breeched mine.  You are 
about to learn that I will no longer tolerate your silent reproach of my 
gentle sexuality, your caustic opinion of my livelihood, nor your ridiculous 
advances to my friends and your co-workers.  Stand up and lift your skirt!"

"Ted, that is absurd.  I will do no such thing!!" she said coldly.

"Adrian.  Come one...I told you three you would have to help!"

Suddenly Adrian was in front of her, lifting her easily to her feet and
holding her.  One large hand swept the back of her skirt up to her waist.
"STOP THAT!!! DAMN YOU!" she screeched.  "OWWWW!!!" she jumped as Ted's
hand cracked across the seat of her Victoria's Secret bikinis.

"Hold your skirt up yourself, Jill!" he commanded quietly, "or Adrian will
hold it up for you, and you'll get an extra ten!"

"Oh for Christ's sake, Ted...this is crazy.  She was limp in Adrian's
hold, not wanting to appear to take this too seriously.

"HOLD IT UP!"

Her hands scrabbled down to her sides and grabbed the rucked up skirt.
Adrian released her and sat back down.  She stood there, face burning,
choosing not to see the three of them shifting and adjusting their fairly
obvious conditions.

"Maybe we had better get something clear right now, Jill.  If you choose
not to co-operate, my friends will assist me.  Ben will take your panties
down, Alex will put you over the arm of the couch and hold you there.  By that
time, you will have earned an extra 20 on top of the 25 your Dad recommended.
Are we clear on that, dear?"

"Ted, listen, please," she whispered urgently.  "I know I've been a pain
in the ass, and I'm sorry. I probably shouldn't have, um, played at flirting
with these three ingrates, but I did, and I'm sorry about that too.  But
this...this is so childish, so juvenile.  Can't we settle this upstairs,
later?" she pleaded.

She looked ravishing, the cream-colored silk seat of her panties
trembling, her hair falling out of its braid, her face flushed, her eyes 
sparked with tears.  He was more than half tempted.  But he knew he had let 
this go on too long, and he needed to establish his dominance right here and 
right now.  "Take your panties down, Jill.  Right to your knees, and right 
now," he commanded in his calmest voice.  She groaned and looked away, unable 
to believe her bookish, boring husband had suddenly taken command.  She
shuddered, feeling an old familiar clench in her belly...something she
hadn't felt in years.  She waited, the mantlepiece clock snick snicked in the
silence.

"Ben?" Ted requested.  Ben stood up and was reaching for the delicate
waistband when Jill shouted.

"NO. No." She saw there was no way out.  "I'll do it.  I'm sorry, Ted, I
really am.  I won't ever act like that again.  I love you!" She looked at
him again, impassioned.

He nodded.

"And I love you, baby.  Now pull your panties down.  You know you have
this coming, don't you?"

"Yes, Ted," she gulped, tucking her skirt up higher and sliding the wisp
of silk down to her shaking knees.

All three guys were on the couch now, directly in front of her.  She
closed her eyes as she straightened.  Her shaved pussy was smooth as the 
creamy silk of her panties.  She heard the soft gasps and quiet exclamations 
as they drank in the sight of her hairless mons and the delicate cleft of her
pussy.  Ted rescued her quickly, and she silently blessed him.

"Off the couch, you three.  Jill, come over here to the arm and bend over.
That's it, baby, I want your bottom nice and high.  You may fold your arms
on the seat and rest your head.  You may wiggle and cry and kick...but you
may not stand up or I will take you over my knee and handspank you until I am
tired, do you understand?"

"Yes, Ted," she sobbed, relieved to be away from the staring eyes of these
men she had known almost as long as Ted had.  

"Alex, you sit back down on the couch in case Jilly decides to raise her
head.  You other two can share the big stuffed chair."  Ben and Adrian
moved to the chair, turning it slightly for a better view of Jill's 
magnificent ass. Ted took his place behind his trembling young wife and 
raised his arm head high.

"Your Dad offered to coach me, Jill, but I told him I thought I could take
it from here," he said with what she knew was a grin.  She buried her face in
her arms and cried.  Beyond the utter humiliation of this moment, bare,
upended, and in front of their friends, she knew the strap was going to
paint her bottom with fire.  She twitched her bottom and clenched it hard.

"Relax your fanny, young lady.  I don't spank until I see a nice
presentation for the strap!"  My God, where had this come from, she wondered, 
feeling, in spite of herself, a hot jet of excitement tear through her pussy. 
She relaxed and raised her bottom slightly.

HHhhiiiiiiiisssssssSMACK!!! It whistled through the air and slapped across
both cheeks.  She heard the guys' collective gasp just as the pain message
hit her brain and exploded.  She shrieked, and her legs kicked up.

SsssssssssSMACK, right across the fullest part of her double-striped ass.

"No, Ted, pleeeease!!"

SssssssssssSMACK SMACK!! Two quick ones, down low where it hurt most of
all.

"OOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! Oh God no more, honey!!"

"Present your bottom, Jill. NOW!!!"

SSssssmmmmmmaaaaccccckkkkkkkk!!! SMACK! WHACK!  HIISSSSSSSSSSSSSMACK!!

"PRESENT!!"

"AAAAHHHHAAAAAA!!!!!!"  Jill was screaming and twisting, her bottom
already bright red.  "Yes, sir, yes, sir!!" she was babbling, lifting her 
bottom for the next lick.

Hhhhssssssmaccckkkkk!! This one caught her thigh, and she shrieked and
leaped up and away from the couch, frantically dancing her panties off, 
showing her rubbed-pink pussy and her red-strapped bottom to the room. 

"GGGOOOODDDDDDD, NO TED, No more, please, I'm sorry, I'm sorry...." she 
turned her tear-streaked face up to him as he stepped toward her and grabbed 
her arm.  In one balletic move he was sitting on the coffee table and she was 
across his knee, her almost scarlet bottom perched high over his left thigh.

"Your Dad warned me this would happen, so you see that I was ready, young
lady! he hissed.  He turned to the tumescent trio and jerked his head
toward the couch.  "Back there!" he commanded, and the three jostled for 
position facing Jill's nicely positioned ass.  This was more than they had 
dreamed of when Ted told them he needed to straighten things out with Jilly 
and wanted their help.  

"All of you are married...I was the last to fall but the first, I believe,
to take his wife firmly in hand," he said evenly.  "I want you to know what a
well-spanked ass should feel like, just in case you need to employ the same
methods as the old professor, here!"  He swung his knees toward the couch.

The three looked at one another, stunned. "Go ahead!" Ted exclaimed, "feel
it!!"  Jill groaned and sobbed as the three reached out tentative but
eager hands and traced the plump, burning mounds of her strapped ass.  She 
was beyond humiliation, limp over her husband's knee.  After a moment, he
pulled her away and raised his hand.

"Now, young lady, you are about to find out just how much stamina your old
husband really has!"

"Oh no, darling, please...I've learned my lesson, really, please...please
don't spank me anymore!" she twisted and looked up at him over her shoulder,
a more fetching sight he would be hard pressed to imagine.  "My bottom stings
so!"

"I am very glad that you can say you're sorry, Jill.  But now you have to
FEEL you're sorry!"  And he brought his hand down smartly over the strap
marks.

Jill twisted and bucked and cried as he delivered nearly fifty handspanks
to her sizzling cheeks.  When he was comfortable that her attitude had taken
a sharp right turn, and she was limp and submissive beneath his hand, he
stopped spanking and began rubbing.

He glanced over at the trio on the couch, who were leaning away from one
another, trying discreetly to rub their straining erections.  "Out of
here!"

Ted commanded with a grin.  "Take it home...and thanks for your help."

"Yeah, whoa, Ted, right, later" gasped the three as they grabbed for
concealing jackets and jammed the doorway.  Ted turned back to his lovely
little wife, still sniffling in position over his knee.  His hand traced
down the burning curve of her bottom and slid easily between her thighs.  
Jill groaned and opened her legs for him, pushing back lewdly against his
inquisitive fingers.  In the last several moments, the burning sting of
the spanking had given way to a fire between her legs, and she wiggled and
moaned across Ted's lap, feeling his arousal as she did.

"Oh God, Ted...oh baby, please..." she moaned softly, as he expertly
fingered her sweet dewy lips, teasing gently to open them and slide into the 
hot wet depths of her.  His left arm, still circling her body, pulled her 
closer, and his left hand slid beneath her, cupping her silky mound and 
pressing in tiny circles against her erect and throbbing clit.  The fingers of 
his right hand were busy, teasing her pussy and the curve of her bottom, 
sliding in and out in and out, drawing the pearly slickness out and up until 
his wet warm finger was drawing little circles around her most private little 
pucker.  He waited, rubbing, circling, teasing, until her back arched and her 
breathing came in short, quick gasps. Then he plunged his wet finger into her 
tiny tight anus, and she screamed his name as she came, grinding hard against 
his other hand.

She was shuddering and crying when he turned her over and picked her up,
heading for the stairs and their bedroom.

"Jill?" he said quietly.  She opened her eyes and looked at him.  "I love
you, baby.  Don't make me do this again. Because I will if I have to...you
know that now, don't you?"

"Yes, darling.  Could you shut up and kiss me?"

Ted rolled his eyes and disappeared with her up the stairs.
