Archive-name: Affairs/jimcindy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jim and Cindy



The following story contains graphic depictions of a man and woman sexually
pleasing one another.  There's no rape, mutilation, alien abduction, 
homoerotica, or sex with minors.  There is, however, adultery.  If that 
offends you, don't read any further.  Feel free to redistribute this story 
any way you want.  I really don't care if you include my name on it, as 
long as you don't try to say you wrote it.  The story, though written in the
first person, is not based on my own experience, or on the experience of 
anyone I know.  It's just a product of my imagination (or lack thereof).

It's too long for a single post, so I will divide it into parts.  Hope they 
all come through.  If not, let me know and I'll try to repost or something.  

Some of you may have seen this story with a completely 
different ending.  I was never satisfied with that ending, which is why I 
rewrote it.  BTW, this is the first time I have ever posted any of MY 
stories to the net (GULP).  I would appreciate feedback and advice.  Here 
ends the babble.  Let the story begin.



                              JIM AND CINDY
                                 PART 1

            It had been about a year since my wife passed away.  A rough year.
Being a single parent is no picnic, but we managed.  I have a 15 year old
daughter and a son who is 13 and they have been very helpful.  One thing they
haven't been able to help me with is meeting my sexual needs.   When you've
been married for 17 years like I was, you come to take some things for
granted.  Like the availability of a willing and able partner to share the joy
of making love.  Like I said, it had been a rough year.  Until last week when
things got better ... and worse.

            I had stayed home from work to do some things around the house
that needed taking care of.  Actually, it was sort of a "mental health" day
rather than a vacation or legal holiday.  The kids were in school, so I had
the house to myself.  About 9:00, I was surprised to hear the front doorbell
ringing.  Putting down my coffee cup, I went to answer it.

            "Hi Jim.  Can I come in?"

            It was Cindy, who had been my wife's best friend.  I couldn't
imagine why she had decided to pay me a visit, but I also couldn't think of a
good reason not to let her in.

            "Sure, come on in Cindy.  Want a cup of coffee?"

            "That'd be great, thanks."

            I got her a cup of coffee and we went to the living room and sat
down.  I sat on the couch, she sat in my easy chair.  It was a warm, late
Spring day and she had on a pair of shorts and a halter top which did little
to conceal the tight curves of her cute little body.  Cindy is 40, but you'd
never know it.  She has the body of a 20 year old and she knows how to show it
off.  It used to bug Lana (my wife) sometimes when she'd come over in one of
her special outfits, but Lana didn't have anything to worry about in the looks
department herself, so it was never a real problem.  Cindy has dark brown hair
and brown eyes, stands about 5-5 and weighs about 115 lbs.  Like I said, she
has tight curves.

            She seemed nervous as she opened the conversation.

            "I suppose you're wondering why I came over this morning."

            "Well, yes, I guess you could say that."

            "I need your help with a problem."

            "Oh?"  I was thinking to myself that she should be having this
conversation with her husband Bob, but she anticipated that.

            "Bob can't help me with this problem.  In fact, he's the problem,
or at least part of it."

            "Sounds to me like you need a marriage counsellor."

            "Bob would never go.  And besides, we can't afford it right now."

            "So, how do you think I can help?"

            "Well, " she paused, seemingly to work herself up to the point of
making some startling statement, "I want you to help Bob perform better
sexually."

            The temperature in the room seemed to rise about ten degrees.  It
was so quiet that the fly buzzing in the window across the room seemed very
loud.  I looked at Cindy, but she was looking at her hands which were folded
at her knees.

            "In what way?"

            "Bob doesn't believe a man should perform oral sex on a woman,
though he doesn't mind asking me to perform it on him."

            "You're kidding."  I'd heard of guys like that, but I never would
have suspected that Bob was one of them.  Bob and I had always gotten along
well, though I wouldn't say that our relationship had been as close as Cindy
and Lana's had been.   

            To buy some time, I went to get more coffee.  I was feeling a
little light headed.  What a bombshell.  Bob wouldn't give her head.  I
supposed that she just wanted me to talk to him about it, try to convince him
of the error of his ways.

            I returned to my seat on the couch and flinched inwardly as Cindy
moved to join me.  She pulled her long, shapely legs up under her and twisted
to face me.

            "Does he satisfy you in other ways?"

            "Sort of.  He does o.k. in the stamina department and I have
orgasms most of the time.  But it's very frustrating to hear about other women
whose husbands and boyfriends give head when mine won't.  We argue about it
more and more now.  We haven't had sex for about a month."

            "Why come to me about this?  Bob must have closer friends."

            "Jim, Lana was my best friend.  We shared everything with each
other.  She knew about Bob's reluctance and she wanted to tell you about it,
but I wouldn't let her.  She also told me what a wonderful lover you were and
how she had multiple climaxes every time you two got it on.  She especially
used to tell me how much she enjoyed it when you gave her head.  Did you
really do it for an hour at a time ... until she begged you to stop because 
she couldn't stand any more?"

            "I didn't put a stopwatch to it Cindy," I chuckled, a little
embarrassed at Cindy's knowledge of what I had thought to be private matters,
"but I know she liked that, and I used to really enjoy giving her pleasure in
that way.  Damn, I miss that woman."

            I looked down at the carpet and thought about all the great times
Lana and I had enjoyed in the sack.  We both liked to fuck and we did it as
often as possible.  I knew of some marriages where after the kids came along,
the wife would lose interest in sex.  Not Lana.  In fact, the day she was
killed, she was on her way home to meet me for a little "afternoon delight." 
Unfortunately, a drunk driver put an end to my beautiful wife and our
wonderful marriage.  Still, whenever I thought of Lana and the good times we
had, my prick would spring to life and I would get a powerful urge to go and
jack off just to relieve the pressure.  Usually, I resisted.

            I was startled from my reverie when Cindy moved to me and put her
arms around my neck, pulling my head to her chest.

            "I miss her too, Jim.  Can you help me?"

            I looked up into those huge eyes of hers and whispered yes.  I
still can't explain or excuse what happened next, but suddenly our lips met, 
my arms went around her, and we were kissing.  Not the way friends kiss, but 
like lovers.  Soon our tongues got into the act and we each began a slow,
passionate exploration of the other's mouth.  

            Almost on cue, we both broke the kiss.

            "I need you to do more than talk to Bob," Cindy whispered
breathlessly.  "I'm as hot blooded as Lana was, Jim.  A month without any sex
has me just about headed for the loony bin.  Please Jim, go down on me."

            By this time, my cock was about ready to rip through the fabric of
the shorts I was wearing and my balls had taken over my brain.  Not having had
sex for a year, I nearly ripped her clothes off right there and fucked her
brains out.  I did have the self-discipline remaining to escort her to my
bedroom, however, and we were soon naked on my large, lonely, king size
waterbed, where we resumed kissing and each began a gentle anatomy survey.

            "What a cock you have, Jim.  It's even bigger than Bob's."

            "I thought it was my tongue you were after, not my cock."

            "I'm hoping to get some of each."

            "All in good time, Cindy, all in good time.  First, let's have a
look at you," I smiled as I pulled away from her to examine her nude form. 
She smiled back and seemed to enjoy my visual inspection as she moved this way
and that to show her body to its best advantage.  I just loved the way her
tits rode high on her chest, refusing to flatten out even though she was
laying on her back.  Her nipples were large and hard, sticking straight up
from the base of her comparatively small and very dark areolas.  Her narrow
waist and flat tummy lead down to a set of perfectly shaped hips and long,
handsomely formed legs.  I did see one small problem however.  "I think that I
can see one reason why Bob is a little reluctant to go down on you," I said
pointing to the thick, heavy thatch of pubic hair at the junction of Cindy's
thighs, "One of the secrets of good oral sex, in my humble opinion, is a trim 
pubic patch, or better yet, no pubic patch at all.  Don't go away, I'll be 
right back."

            I quickly dashed into the master bath and returned with my
barbering tools, remembering activities which had become almost a ritual for
Lana and me.

            "Didn't Lana tell you that I used to keep her nice and neat down
there?" I asked as I arranged everything to my satisfaction.

            "Yes she did, but I never really believed her.  Are you planning
to shave off all of my pussy hair?"

            "No.  Just the hair that gets in the way of good oral sex. 
Actually, it's not that much more than many women do in order to wear those
string bikinis."

            She was very cooperative as I arranged a towel under her ass and
used a scissors to clip away her thick, dark bush until only a short stubble
remained on the area I intended to shave.  The other area, at the very top of
her pubic mound, I trimmed only slightly for the sake of neatness.  Then,
after using a warm, wet washcloth to moisten the area to be shaved, I applied
a thick coating of a special shaving jell for sensitive skin and went to work
with my razor.  When I was finished, she had a tiny patch of pubic hair left
on the top of her mound, but the rest was as bare and smooth as a baby's butt.
I placed a mirror in front of her pussy and let her have a look at my
handiwork.  I also got rid of the towel and my tools while she conducted her
inspection.

            "Wow," she exclaimed, "This is the first time I've ever really
taken a look at myself down there."  She worked the folds of her pussy open
with her fingers to examine herself more closely.  Her inner lips were swollen
with excitement and protruded beyond the thick outer lips.  I began to massage
the area with a special, soothing, oil.  Cindy laid back on the bed and moved
her hands out of my way, giving me complete access.  Finishing the massage
with some gentle strokes to both sets of pussy lips, I removed the towel and
shaving paraphanalia and got ready for the job at hand, or should I say mouth.

            I spread her legs as far as they would go, pushing her knees back
a little, and placed myself between them.  She had a beautiful cunt, and she
was hot for a good fucking.  Leaning forward, I planted a light kiss right at
the top of her pubic mound, then, moving down, I bypassed the seat of her
pleasure and began to lightly kiss and lick the insides of her thighs,
switching from one side to the other, bathing my senses in the silken feel of
her skin, the taste of her light perfume, the odor of sexual excitement
pouring from her frothy cunt.

            Placing my hands under her ass, I gently lifted her bottom off the
bed and began to kiss those firm globes, occasionally nipping them lightly
with my teeth.  She was trembling with excitement and, I believe, a little
frustration.  She wanted my mouth on her box.  I wanted her to wait for it so
as to enjoy it more later and so I continued to tease her.

            "C'mon, Jim," she moaned, "don't tease me like that."

            "Like what?"

            "You know what I want ... please."

            "Tell me what you want.  Be specific.  I want to hear you say it."

            She was breathing hard and her hips were undulating slightly as
she sought to press her pussy into my face.  She did not want to say the
words, but I was determined to make her say them.  I continued to kiss and nip
the area all around her now superheated sex flesh with out contacting it
directly.

            "Lick me," she moaned.  I licked the inside of her thigh.

            "Nooooo ... lick my .... lick ... lick my ..."

            "Lick your what Cindy?"

            "Lick my ... pussy," she gasped.

            I immediately moved my mouth over her gash, which was now leaking
a steady trickle of thick feminine lubricant which crawled slowly down her ass
crack from the base of her pussy, leaving a shiny trail across her tightly
puckered back door.  The strong, musky flavor of her sex was like a narcotic
for me, and one which I had gone too long without.  I began to slowly, but
very firmly, massage her major labia with my tongue, working first one side
and then the other.  Cindy liked this very much, which she indicated by
pushing her hips up off the bed to increase the pressure.  I continued the
tongue massage for a few minutes and then switched tactics, taking as much of
one of her thick outer pussy lips into my mouth as possible and then sucking
on it.  The thick flesh, so recently devoid of pubic hair, was newly
responsive, and taking it between my lips also caused me to come into contact
with the super sensitive inner surface of her major labial folds with my lips
and tongue which I worked vigorously back and forth as I sucked.

            Cindy began to make an almost pitiful mewling sound from deep in
the back of her throat.  I thought she was going to come right there and I
hadn't even gotten to her clit yet.  The scene reminded me so much of the many
times I had done this to Lana that I almost began to weep.

            Cindy's eyes were shut tight and she had grabbed two handfuls of
bedspread.  Her hips were in almost constant motion now, making it a real
challenge for me to stay with her.  Her breathing was ragged between clenched
teeth as her first orally induced orgasm approached.  

            I was still working her outer lips one at a time, sucking them
into my mouth, pulling them away from her crotch, causing her to lift her hips
off the bed to stay with me, working them with my tongue.  Meanwhile, I was
also using the index finger of my right hand to very gently caress the outer
edges of her inner labia, very carefully avoiding her clit.  Her own juices
and my saliva had combined to make a real swamp out of her pussy.  A small
puddle was forming on the bed beneath her ass.  I was wallowing in the taste
and smell of feminine flesh, and her moans became a symphony of sexual
thirst.

            She was squealing her pleasure now, her head moving from side to
side on the pillow.  In between squeals she was mumbling about how good it
felt and how close she was to coming.

            Replacing my finger action with my tongue, I switched tactics and
began to run my tongue quickly and lightly all around her inner pussy lips,
brushing her clitoral ridge, without touching the hypersensitive tip, on each
pass.  Occasionally, I would use the flat of my tongue to lick the slick flesh
between those inner lips and the thicker outer lips, using my fingers to
expose the area I was attacking with my mouth.  She began to come, her whole
body tensing into something like the rictus of death, then relaxing, then
tensing again as wave after wave of pleasure overtook her.  As soon as I felt
her start to come, I immediately began to flick the head of her very erect,
very large clitoris with quick strokes of the tip of my tongue.  Cindy
screamed as her pleasure sensors overloaded.  I was glad the windows were
closed or else the whole neighborhood would have been able to hear her.

            My experience as a pussy licker told me when to back off a little
and let her come down, still maintaining contact with my tongue and lips, but
avoiding direct contact with her clit for the moment, noting that it had
retracted back into its folds of skin, though the flesh was still firm and
erect underneath its protective covering.  Her body was still undulating,
though not with the force of a few moments ago.  Her hands were caressing my
head, her fingers running through my hair.  She apparently thought I was done.

            Boy was she ever wrong.

            I looked up at her and discovered that she was looking down
at me from between her high, proud, breasts, a dreamy smile of sexual
satisfaction on her face.

            "Wow, Jim.  That was the most incredible thing I've ever
experienced."

            "Well, I'm a little out of practice, but thank you anyway.  Now
lay back and relax.  I'm not done eating yet."

            "Not done?  I must have come six times already.  You mean there's
more?"

            "Lana wasn't kidding when she told you these sessions lasted a
long time.  I am a man who really enjoys going down on a woman, particularly a
woman who tastes as good as you."

            Without waiting for a response, I began once again to massage her
outer pussy lips with my mouth, but this time, I added something new.  Using
the index and middle fingers of my right hand, I probed the depths of her
vagina, pressing upward, searching for what I knew would be there, and
finally finding it;  the little knot of flesh buried beneath her vaginal roof,
better known as the Grafenburg Spot.  I was sure that she had never been given
a g-spot orgasm before, and I meant to show her what that experience was like.
I was also hoping that she shared a trait with my late wife, who had been a
prolific female ejaculator.  (NOTE:  I am not trying to restart the female
ejaculation thread, at least not in this group.  If you want to argue about it, 
e-mail me instead.)

            Finding her g-spot, I began palpating it with my fingertips,
pressing firmly into the hard knot of flesh.  Meanwhile, I was using my tongue
to firmly, yet gently, caress the area along either side of her clitoral
ridge, thus stimulating her in two powerful ways at once.  

            "Oh, Jim ... that's good.  What are you doing ... I've never felt
anything like this ...  Oh yeah .... finger fuck me ... lick my clit ... make
me come ..."  Cindy began moaning and mumbling snatches of words and phrases
like these as I once again pushed her up the ladder towards orgasm.

            Continuing the finger action inside, I began to lick as much of
her pussy as I could reach outside, pausing to spend a little time at her clit
and a little time probing the opening of her little piss hole right at the top
of her vaginal opening.  Within moments, it seemed, though it must have been
about four minutes or so, she was at the edge of a mind shattering g-spot
orgasm.  I suddenly felt the inside of her pussy clamp down hard on my fingers
just as her piss hole began to push itself inside out, opening wide and
spurting a jet of womanly fluid into my waiting mouth.  I clamped my mouth
over the opening and continued to work her g-spot, milking her of her come,
not a drop of which escaped me.  Spurt after spurt of the thick, opaque fluid
streamed past my lips.  This was a taste I had missed, and once again I nearly
wept at the memories it brought back.  I drank greedily, like a hungry newborn
at its mother's breast.  Working her pussy until I had drained her dry, I
slowly removed my fingers from her still weakly clenching vagina and licked
off the thick coating of her lubricant which had accumulated on them.  Giving
her pussy a last, lingering, sucking, kiss, I moved from between her legs to
lay beside her panting form on the bed.  I placed my hand over her pubic mound
and gently massaged the entire area.

            "I take it that you have never had your g-spot probed?"
            
            Still catching her breath, she managed both a smile and a
comment," You can say that again.  Jim, I've read about the g-spot, but
reading and experiencing are two different things.  For just a moment I
thought I was pissing into your mouth, but I was too far gone to care.  I
didn't piss on you, did I?"

            I laughed.  "No, you didn't piss on me.  You came.  You
ejaculated, to use the clinical term.  Not every woman can do that.  Lana
could, and I didn't know if you could or not.  You can have a g-spot orgasm
without shooting your come, but I was hoping you would be a shooter.  I just
can't get enough of that stuff."

            She rolled onto her side facing me and began to lick the excess
pussy juices from my face, finishing with a long, deep kiss.  

            "Now it's your turn," she said, smiling mischievously.


                                 PART 2

           "You don't have to do this you know," I said, not wanting to make
her feel like I had gone down on her with quid pro quo in mind.  "I'd be
perfectly happy just to fuck that beautiful pussy of yours."

           But she was already arranging herself on the bed, positioning her
head over my crotch, her eyes taking in the size of my throbbing erection. 
She turned her head to look up at me and she smiled.

           "I want to.  I never said I didn't enjoy giving Bob head, I just
said I wanted him to give me some too.  You're not forcing me to do anything,
and believe me, if I didn't want to, nothing could make me suck this monster
of yours," she laughed.

           Turning back to my cock, she planted a warm, wet, kiss right on
the head, letting her tongue run around the smooth surface and collecting the
shiny dab of pre-come which had collected at the tip.  She let the head of my
cock slide between her lips and worked her tongue into the pisshole.  She
grasped and stroked my shaft with one hand while her other softly caressed my
balls.

           Lifting her mouth off my cockhead for a moment, she adjusted her
position so that she was kneeling between my legs.  Then, grasping the base of
my cock just below my balls firmly in her right hand, she pointed the shaft
straight up at her mouth and began one of the most fantastic blowjobs I have
ever received.

           I groaned as I felt her warm, wet, mouth slide back over the head
of my cock.  She stopped there for a moment, scrubbing the smooth surface with
her tongue, allowing saliva to accumulate until it was escaping her lips and
running down the length of my shaft.  Using her spit as a lubricant, she began
to take more and more of my cock in her mouth, working it in with short but
slow strokes.  

           I watched in fascination as more and more of my manhood
disappeared.  Soon, I felt the head of my ten inch dick touch the soft flesh
at the back of her mouth and I saw her change the angle of her head and neck
slightly.  I guessed what was coming next, but it still didn't prepare me for
the sensation I was about to experience for the first time.  Lana had never
taken my entire shaft in her mouth.  She just hadn't been able to do it, no
matter how she tried.  I hadn't minded, of course, because the other things we
did to each other were so pleasurable.  Still, I had always wondered how it
would feel to have a woman swallow my cock to the root.  I was swiftly finding
out.

           She didn't pause once she began the final descent over my cock.  I
felt the head of my shaft pass the back of her mouth and slide, seemingly
without effort, into her throat.  I could just make out the outline of my cock
as its head entered her neck.  Soon, her face was pressed against my pubic
bone and she held it there, her tongue, lips, and throat muscles working
together to cause shockwaves of pleasure to race through my nervous system.  
     
           Needing to come up for air, she slowly slid back up the shaft
until the head popped out of her mouth, a thick string of saliva connecting it
to her glistening lips.  She looked up at me with a shit-eating grin on her
face; "Did you like that?"

           Not waiting for any reply, she confidently returned the head of my
cock to her mouth swallowed my entire length in one, long, smooth, stroke. 
She was in no hurry about it, her strokes were each exactly alike.  Long
smooth descent, pause at the bottom while her throat muscles worked the head
and shaft of my cock, long, slow ride back to the top until only the head of
my throbbing member remained in her hot oral cavity.  I don't know how I stood
it for as long as I did, but it seemed that the pleasure went on for some time
before I felt the pressure in my balls building up to the exploding point.  
She sensed this too, because she suddenly pulled her mouth off my cock and sat
up on the bed, her hands still holding and stroking my shaft, shiny with her
spit.  

           "I want you to come in my throat and in my mouth, Jim.  I want you
to fuck my face."

           Once again she did not wait for my response, but quickly moved to
the edge of the bed and sat up, her feet dangling over the side.  It took a
moment for the import of her actions to get through the lust fogging my brain,
but eventually I figured it out and got off the bed, moving to stand with my
cock suspended like a thick, fleshy sword in front her face.  She grasped my
shaft with both hands and pulled it to her mouth, which opened wide to
accommodate the massive head of my cock.  She was leaning forward slightly,
thus creating a straight tube out of her mouth and throat.  Cindy reached her
arms around my hips and pulled me in all the way without hesitation; my balls
resting lightly against her chin as I penetrated her to the base of my cock. 
Her face was buried in my crotch and she pressed her lips hard against my
pubic bone, her throat and tongue working me over all the while.  She moved
her head from side to side like a dog playing with a slipper and wet, sloppy
sounds were coming from the junction of our bodies.  

           I didn't know how she was able to stay down so long without coming
up for air.  It seemed like an eternity before she began to pull back,
revealing the shiny, spit coated shaft of my cock as it emerged little by
little from her oral cavity.  She grasped it by the base as she removed it
completely, once again remaining connected by a thick strand of saliva.  She
looked up at me with a smile, once more.
     
           "Now, Jim.  When I take you in this time, you are to stroke your
cock in and out of my throat just like you would if you were fucking my pussy. 
I'm going to be playing with my clit and if I'm lucky, we'll both come.  Bob
and I do this all the time and I usually reach orgasm right about the time he
shoots his load.  Don't worry about how I'm doing, just concentrate on your
own feelings, o.k.?"

           Without waiting for a response from me, she pulled my now nearly
aching member back into her waiting, willing, mouth and swallowed it once
more.  True to her word, I noted that one of her hands had buried itself in
her crotch, her fingers working her pussy in time to the gentle stroking I was
giving her mouth.

           I took her head in my hands and started a slow, in and out fucking
motion, not wanting to start to fast, enjoying the sensation of having my
entire 10 inches engulfed on each pass in and out of her sexy mouth.  Pretty
soon, though, my lust took over and I began to stroke faster, which caused her
to speed up her clit stroking as well.  Now she was groaning, as was I, and
her groans caused vibrations to move up and down my cock, adding to my
pleasure.  Saliva was running from both corners of her mouth and dripping down
onto her tits, leaving a shiny trail between them.

           I felt my balls start to tighten and I knew that my orgasm was
close at hand.  It had been a month or more since I had jerked off last, so I
knew that this was going to be a real blast when it came.  She sensed my
closeness to climax as well and she provided one final trick to bring me over
the edge.  Using the ample lubricant provided by the saliva leaking from her
tightly stretched lips, she thoroughly coated the index finger of her right
hand and proceeded to push that finger past the portal of my anal sphincter,
gradually working it deep inside my rectum until she found what she was
seeking.

           My pleasure had increased as I felt her slide that wet finger into
my ass, but I stayed in control until she found the pleasure button buried
deep inside that forbidden passage.  At the first pressure of her finger on my
prostate, I slammed my cock deep into her throat and began to come; great
spurts of hot, thick sperm gushing down her throat.  I could see her throat
muscles working to swallow the load.  I pulled back to give her a taste as her
mouth continued to work me over.  She was coming too, her left hand a blur as
she stroked her clit.  She had pulled her finger from my ass and was using her
right hand to stroke more sperm from my cock as her mouth continued to receive
blast after blast of my frothy produce.  As our orgasms began to subside, I
slid my still erect cock into her throat one last time, letting her swallowing
action milk the last drops of semen from my rapidly emptying balls.  

           "That was incredible, Cindy," was all I could manage as my now
softening cock plopped from her mouth.  I flopped back on the bed, temporarily
spent by my powerful climax.  "Thank you."

           "You're welcome," she said as she licked a few stray drops of come
from her lips and crawled up to join me on the bed.  "Still want to fuck me,
or did I wear you out?"

           I recognized the playful, teasing tone in her voice and responded
in kind.

           "Just give me a minute and I'll give you all the pussy pounding
you can stand.  Remember, you're talking to a guy who cock hasn't seen the
inside of a pussy for over a year."


                               Part III

           I got up from the bed and went to the kitchen to get us each
something to drink.  As I was getting a couple of cold ones from the fridge I
reflected on what had just transpired.  Reflected in some disbelief.  I had
just exchanged oral orgasms with the wife of a friend.  Not a good friend, but
a friend none the less.  Guilt?  I was feeling some.  

           The next moment I was feeling something else.  A warm, definitely
female, body pressed against my back and two arms reaching around my front to
take possession of my cock and balls with gentle hands.  My cock was almost
instantly erect.  Rational thought quickly fled as Cindy's nimble fingers
swiftly stroked my 10 incher to its throbbing fullness.

           "I got lonely and thought I'd see what you were up to," Cindy
giggled, continuing to caress my cock and balls.

           "Mmmm, I'm glad.  I like what you're doing, but I've got a better
idea," I replied, setting the soda cans on the counter and momentarily
disengaging myself from her pleasurable embrace.

           I turned to face her, planting a long kiss on her upturned mouth.  
"Let's do it right here, right now," I said breaking the kiss.  She responded
by moving to the counter and leaning over it, presenting me with a great view
of her ass and the pouting pussy my cock was so eager to enter.

           And, applying a little spit to the head of my sex sword, I notched
it between those slick, newly shaven pussy lips and inserted the whole thing 
in one long stroke.  Cindy groaned with pleasure as she felt the last inch
push home.  She ground her hips against my belly in a slow, sensuous circle. 
Man... that pussy felt great as she gripped my cock, using her interior
vaginal muscles to work my more sensitive surfaces.  Having gone without for
so long, you might expect that I came close to shooting right on the spot. 
Amazingly enough, though it felt great, I knew that I was going to last a long
time, probably thanks to the terrific blow job I'd just enjoyed.  I settled
down to a nice, easy stroke and prepared to go the distance.  Cindy had other
ideas.

           "C'mon Jim, fuck me harder.  My pussy's like a firecracker and its
gonna blow any second!"

           Grabbing her hips, I increased my pace and began slamming my cock
to the depths of her soaking wet cunt as hard as I could.  She helped, pushing
back as hard as she could as I stroked to her depths.  We were both breathing
in grunts and squishing, slapping noises filled the kitchen.  I lubbed her
asshole with some butter from the kitchen counter and started finger fucking
her back door, eventually working two fingers all the way to the last knuckle. 
With my fingers buried in her ass, I could feel my cock sliding in and out of
her tight, hot, pussy.  It felt good to stroke myself while I was stuffed in
her to the balls.  She was loving every minute of it.  She had one hand
between her legs stroking her clit for all she was worth, occasionally
reaching back to stroke my slick, wet, cock as I continued to plumb her
depths.  We were blind to everything around us, concentrated on our individual
and combined pleasure, fucking for all we were worth.  Cindy was coming
continuously, her contractions squeezing my cock and fingers like twin vices.

   Wanting to slow the action a little and make it last, and for other
reasons which will shortly become apparent, I gradually reduced the length and 
speed of my stroking both fore and aft until I was only moving slightly, grinding
against Cindy's beautiful ass, my cock and fingers buried as deep in her two tunnels
as possible.

   "Oh, god, Jim, that's wonderful.  I've never felt so full.  You're
the first person to ever put anything in my ass.  I never let Bob even touch
me back there.  You had me so hot I didn't even notice until you had two fingers
inside."

   "You liked it then?"

   "Liked it!  I loved it!"

   "I think you'd like my cock back there," I said, massaging her rectal 
walls with my fingers.

   "Ooooo, Jim.  I don't know.  Your cock is bigger than your fingers.
Won't it hurt?"  She turned her head and gave me a look filled with the com-
bination of aprehension and lust.

   "Not anymore than my fingers did.  Not very much at all if we do it
right.  Once we really get going, you'll love it.  I promise.  And if you don't
or if for any reason you want to stop, we'll stop.  I can tell you this, though,
Lana loved it in the ass almost as much as she loved getting eaten."

   "O.k., Jim.  I'm game."

   Very slowly, as a sort of tease, I pulled my glistening cock from the
clasping confines of her pussy, and then did the same with my fingers.  Cindy
groaned as she was relieved of my rigid intruders.

   "I feel so empty," she moaned as I turned her and pulled her to me 
for a kiss.

   "Don't worry, we'll have you filled to the rim in no time," I responded,
covering her mouth with mine, our tongues soon battling and exploring.

   Breaking the embrace, I took her hand and we walked to the bathroom.

   "What are we going to do here?"

   "Just as oral sex takes physical preparation, so does anal.  For 
starters, we're going to give you an enema."

   "WHAT?"  Cindy expressed surprise, but at the same time she was having
trouble supressing a giggle.

   I showed her my fingers, still partially covered with butter, and 
another foreign substance.

   "Oh, yeah.  I suppose it would be a good idea to be clean back there
before you go putting in your cock."  She was still fighting the urge to snicker.

   "What's so funny?"

   "Oh, nothing really, except that my mother used to make us all take
enemas when we were little, and the memory just struck me funny, that's all."

   I quickly made preparations, getting out the enema bag and filling it
with warm, soapy water and hanging it from the shower curtain rod.  I positioned
Cindy on her knees with her torso draped over the edge of the tub, a towel underneath
her chest to minimize the effects of the cold porcelin.

   Carefully spreading the cheeks of her delightful ass, I used a wash cloth
to wipe away the remains of the butter I had used earlier.  "Wow," I thought, 
"I really must have gotten carried away to use butter as an anal lube -- not a 
good idea -- but, I'll have it cleaned out in a jiffy."

   Satisfied that the butter had been removed from her outsides, I turned
my attention to cleaning Cindy's insides.  Applying a liberal amount of KY to the
outside and inside of her anal ring, I did the same to the enema nozzle and began
to slowly, gently, insert it.

   "Hmmmm,  that feels nice, Jim."

   When the nozzle was fully inserted, I began to release the contents of
the enema bag into her rectum, being careful not allow the flow to become too fast
giving her rear cavity time to adjust.

   Judging by the small moans and sighs coming from Cindy, the warm water
was flowing just right.

   Soon, I had given her all the water/soap mixture I was going to.  I 
pulled the nozzle from her now clenched rectal ring and instructed her to lie down
on her back on the softly carpeted bathroom floor, being careful not to release
the contents of her bowel before I gave her permission.

    When she was in position, I gently spread her legs and began to feast
on her pussy once more, cleaning up the excess of juices produced by our previous
encounter in the kitchen and bringing her to a small orgasm in the process.

   After a few minutes, I stopped my oral ministrations and had her sit on 
the toilet and let the enema finish its cleansing work.  She seemed slightly em-
barassed to have me be present as she emptied herself into the toilet bowl, her
fluttering sphincter making a rather rude noise.

   We both laughed, and when she was done, I started the shower.  We 
got in and quickly cleaned one another off, me paying particular attention to 
her backside, while Cindy soaped my cock to a tingling state of rigidity.

   Before long, we were towled dry and embracing on the bed once more.

   "Are you ready, Cindy?"

   "I guess so, Jim.  Just go easy, o.k.?"

   "I'm not going to hurt you Cindy.  Trust me."

   Kissing her passionately for a moment, I proceeded to the task at 
hand.

   "Lay on your stomach, Cindy," I said as I positioned a pillow under her
abdomen, "and spread your legs a little.  There, that's it."

   I paused a moment to admire the view of Cindy with her beautiful ass in
the air, her hairless pussy lips puffy and already showing the dew of her arousal.
I was tempted to just fuck her in the cunt, being momentarily afraid of what I
would do if she didn't like anal sex.  This wasn't Lana, no matter how much our
sexual encounter reminded me of my late wife and lover.  This was Cindy.  But
the sight of her squeaky clean asshole nestled between a pair of the loveliest
cheeks this side of Nina Hartley decided things for me.  I had to have that ass,
no matter the risks involved.  And there were risks.  For one thing, I didn't have
any condoms.  As things turned out, nothing bad resulted, but could have.

   I began to plant little kisses on each of those lovely globes spread
out before me, working my way toward the groove which bifurcated them.  My tongue
emerged from between my lips and spread warmth and wetness as it traveled up and 
down the groove of her ass, finally stopping at the entrance to her rear chamber.

   Cindy moaned as she felt my tongue press against her anus.  The enema and 
our earlier sex play had really relaxed her back there and I was easily able to 
slip my tongue past the muscular barrier, thrusting it slowly in and out just as
I planned to do with my cock in just a moment.

   While my tongue was working her back door, my fingers were gently stroking
the lips of her sex, occasionally straying to pay some attention to her clitoris.
Her hips thrust back at me, forcing my tongue deeper into her ass, gathering more
of her musky taste and smell in which my senses longed to wallow.

   I withdrew my tongue and fingers from her nether regions as I reached 
for the bottle of special lubricant a pharmacist friend of mine concocted.  Squeezing
a generous ammount on my fingers, I began to work it into and around Cindy's 
virgin asshole, massaging, relaxing, preparing the tight ring of muscle tissue
for the assault it was about to experience.  Two more applications and I felt she
was as lubricated as it was possible to make her.

   As a final touch, I knee-walked up the bed to where her head was.

   "Cindy.  Look at my cock," I said as I began to cover it with a 
thick coat of the slippery gel.  "Watch me make it ready for you.  Does it make
you hot to know that in just a moment I'm going to be fucking you in the ass with
my cock?"

   "Mmmmmm, it really makes me hot.  I want your cock in my ass.  I want
you to take my ass cherry."

   Applying more gel, I stroked my hand up and down the length of my now
massive hardon, letting her see the thick coating of lubricant which would enable
this large tube of flesh to invade her most private region with a minimum of dis-
comfort, and we hoped, a lot of pleasure.

   "Spread your ass cheeks for me Cindy.  Open yourself for my cock," I 
said as I resumed my position between her spread legs.

   "Yessss, Jim.  Here it is.  Here's my ass.  I want your cock in there."

   She had her fingers right next to her asshole and she was literally holding
it open for me.  I centered the tip of my cock at the opening and began to push.
Gently, ever so slowly, I slid the head of my cock through the sphinctoral plane.

   There was almost no resistance, so thoroughly had I prepared the both of
us.  Relaxation and lubrication.  That combination is, IMHO, the key to good anal
sex.  Inch by inch, with steady but slow movement, my shaft slid into the depths of her
ass.  Cindy had stopped breathing when my cockhead had fully penetrated her outer
defenses.  She didn't start again until she felt my shaft fully seat itself within
her, my pubic hair pressing her ass cheeks, my balls resting on the swollen lips
of her achingly empty cunt.

    "Ooooohhhhhh....mmmmyyyyyy.....gawwwwwddd.  Your cock feels like it's going
to pop out of my mouth any second.  I'm sooooo full."

    "Are you in pain?"

    "No.  No pain.  Just soooo full.  Don't move yet.  Let me get used to
it."
    That, of course, was my plan all along.  Full introduction followed by
a brief intermission before the real fun started.

   Her ass was tight, and I could feel her conducting little experiments
with her internal muscles, massaging the length of my cock, testing her own feelings.
When I felt her hips begin to rock a little beneath me, I knew she was ready for 
more.

   Using the same deliberation I had shown while pushing in, I slowly 
began to remove the glistening instrument of Cindy's pleasure until only the 
head remained inside.  Not quite as slowly, I pushed it all the way back inside.

   "Yessss," Cindy hissed, "that's good.  Sooo goood.  Just go slow like
that for a while.  God, you're so big.  I can't believe it goes inside my ass 
so easily."

   I continued my slow strokes, resting my weight on my arms and knees,
pressing her abdomen hard into the pillow as I bottomed out each time.  If it
felt good to her, it felt INCREDIBLE to me.  Hot, tight, slick, her asshole
sucked my cock almost like her mouth and throat had earlier.  And why shouldn't
it -- after all, it was just the other end of the same system, wasn't it?

   I was relaxed, enjoying the leisurly pace, knowing that I wouldn't feel
the need to dump my sperm in Cindy's ass for a while.  I just let the pleasure
wash over me for a time, maintaining the slow rythmn of my cock in Cindy's ass.

   It was Cindy who decided to pick up the pace.  She shoved her hand 
between her body and the pillow and began to frig her clit and pussy lips, at 
the same time grinding her ass into me as I stroked down into her.

   Almost as if on cue ... "Fuck me harder, Jim.  I love it in my ass.
I never knew it could be like this.  Oh, Lana, you were so right about so much."
Cindy's voice trailed off into sighs and moans as I began to move inside her 
with a little more force.

   When I decided to really turn up the pace, I pulled her to her knees, 
indicating with my hands on her back that she was to keep her shoulders down, and
began to really start fucking her ass.

   I grabbed her hips in my hands and began to slam our bodies together, 
ramming the full length of my cock in and out on each stroke, sometimes even exposing
my coronal ridge on the outstroke.  Each time this happened, Cindy gasped as her
ring was re-opened by my cock.

   "Ohh, Jim.  You're gonna make me come...you're gonna make me come in
my ass."

   Cindy's fingers were working furiously on her pussy and the strength and
rythmn of her pulsing ass muscles clearly demonstrated to me that she was close.
So was I.

   I was really reaming her now, our bodies making loud slapping noises
as we collided time after time.  I was squating behind her, my knees outside her
hips, my hands still pulling her to me, getting maximum penetration on each stroke.
Cindy screamed as her orgasm hit her full force, her anal sphincter clenching 
around my cock with almost painful force.  Then the force was released for a
moment only to return, harder than ever.  Clench.  Release.  Clench. Release.
The waves of her orgasm swept across her overloaded pleasure circuits like a storm
tide.

   She wasn't screaming anymore, but she was moaning -- shaking her head from
side to side.  Saliva dripped from the side of her wide open mouth, her eyes 
clenched shut, her whole being focused on our connecting point.

   My own climax fast approaching, I began to jackhammer my cock in her
ass with quick, deep strokes, feeling her ass muscle grip me with each spasm
in a grip every bit as tight as my own hand could provide.

   With a shout of pleasure, I rammed into her once more, burying my 
steaming stalk to the root in her rectum.  A moment later, she was screaming as
she felt my hot man-juice begin to spray the deflowered walls of her back
channel.

   After the first spurt, I began to stroke furiously in and out of the
clenching tunnel, my sap adding to the slipperyness already there, until the last
spasms had emptied my balls.  I held it deep for a moment, but it had already 
begun to soften.  I pulled my cock out of her ass -- she gripped me hard one more
time as the head reached the rim -- and stretched out on the bed, pulling her
to me so that we lay like spoons.

   Which is where we were when my daughter and one of her girl friends
came home.  But, that is another story....

--
