Archive-name: Family/jimmy1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jimmy


The following is based on a true story as told to his mother 
Cherine by Jimmy the six year old boy it happened to. I have 
embellished and dramatized it for improved readability. 
After all the way he told it was a lot less exciting. 
Besides as I listened to Jimmy's story, I was outraged to
hear that such activities had taken place.

				Jimmy
 
Cherine's little eleven year old sister Heather was giving 
Jimmy his bath and noticed his little dick moving around in 
the water. Heather was fascinated at the sight of his little 
pecker and began to play with it. Soon it began to harden. 
It lengthened to about three inches. Heather was enraptured 
with her discovery and thought this baby-sitting job might 
be all right after all.

Heather got Jimmy out of the tub and dried him off, rubbing 
the towel against his little penis to see if it would get 
any harder or longer. It didn't, but it was sticking 
straight out in front of him. Heather called her little nine 
year old sister Robin in to look at the pecker. They both 
touched and played with it. Enjoying the way it stuck so 
straight out and was so stiff. Heather had Jimmy lay on the 
bed so his little dick would stick straight up, and she 
began to look it over, moving it around at all angles while 
Robin watched in fascination. 

Both girls took their clothes off and lay on each side of 
Jimmy, fondling his dick and balls and caressing his whole 
body. Jimmy just laid there and enjoyed the whole thing. 
He'd never had this much attention paid to him. Besides it 
felt good. Heather moved her mouth down to Jimmy's little 
penis and began to suck on it. She turned to Robin and told 
her to try it, because it felt really neat in her mouth. 
Robin began to suck on little Jimmy's dick and he began to 
feel some real excitement. While Robin was sucking, Heather 
was fondling his balls.

Heather said "Stop for a minute, I want to try something" 
Robin lifted her mouth from Jimmy's little pecker and asked 
what Heather wanted. Heather laid on her back and moved 
Jimmy on top of her. She spread her legs and put his little 
cock into her pussy. "Wow" she said "this really feels good" 
she pushed down on Jimmy's little ass and his cock went 
deeper into her hairless little pussy and the base of it 
made contact with her clitoris. She sucked in her breath and 
began to push Jimmy's little ass up and down faster and 
faster. Robin watched this action and said she wanted to try 
it too. Heather just kept on pumping little Jimmy's dick in 
and out of her twat and she began to pant and moan. 
Suddenly, feelings she had never realized existed began to 
sweep over her, as her whole body began to quiver and shake, 
she cried out Jimmy! Oh! Oh!. Little Heather was reaching 
her first climax. Jimmy was watching her and so was Robin. 
Neither knew exactly what was happening to Heather but she 
sure seemed to be enjoying it. Finally Heather began to 
relax and slow her pumping of Jimmy's little body. She then 
just lay there totally relaxed and unmoving.

Having watched Heather, Robin wanted to see what all the 
excitement was about so she pulled little Jimmy's naked body 
off Heather and put him on top of her own nude form. Robin 
checked and found that his little dick was still as hard and 
it stuck as straight out as before. She felt his pecker 
against her vulva and wiggled around so it would massage her 
little clitoris. Jimmy said I can put it in your hole 
myself, and proceeded to spread Robin's legs, exposing her 
hairless little pleasure dome. He stopped momentarily to 
explore the differences between her body and his, spreading 
the lips of her pussy and looking inside, touching all 
visible areas. Then he remembered how they had sucked on his 
dick and started to suck and lick the inside of robins 
little pussy. Robin lay still and enjoyed the pleasure 
little Jimmy was giving her for several minutes, she then 
pulled him on top of her body, lined his little penis up 
with her vagina and pushed down on his little ass, feeling 
great feelings of pleasure as his little dick entered her 
virgin vagina. "Oh! Jimmy!" She exclaimed as she began to 
push and pull his little ass faster and faster, driving his 
dick in and out of her little kunt, making sure each stroke 
downward caused the base of his prick to contact her 
clitoris. Heather, watching this action, started getting hot 
again. She moved over to the two other naked children 
writhing on the bed and began to caress and stroke both of 
them, causing Robin to pump Jimmy's body even faster and 
harder. Heather then began to suck on robins tiny pink 
nipples sending Robin into ecstasy. The little fourth 
grader's body began to quiver, her nine year old body 
feeling things that most won't feel for several more years. 
She began to moan, "Don't stop, Heather suck my titties, 
Jimmy keep fucking my pussy, Oh! Oh! Heather, Jimmy, Oh! Oh! 
Ah! Ah!" As she reached a climax, the like of which most 
adult women would envy. Fucking little Jimmy, his little 
penis ramming into her pussy at lightning speed, feeling her 
undeveloped little tits being sucked by her eleven year old 
sister's mouth. Little Robin was in heaven, her body was 
swept with passion and excitement as orgasmic waves swept 
over her. She slowly stopped pushing little Jimmy's prick 
into her pussy as she began to come down and relax, allowing 
Jimmy's body to fall off hers.

Heather saw that Jimmy still had not lost his hard on. So 
she decided to try to bring this little boy to a climax. She 
took his little pecker into her mouth and began sucking on 
it. Jimmy smiled at her and said "That feels good Aunt 
Heather. Don't stop." That was all that Heather needed, she 
sucked his little penis fully into her mouth, cupped his 
little balls in her hands and sucked and licked for all she 
was worth. Jimmy's little penis had never felt the 
stimulation of the touch of another person until today. He 
didn't know that it was so sensitive or that so much 
pleasure was available through simply letting someone touch 
and fondle it. Jimmy started to moan, "Aunt Heather! That 
feels so good! Suck my dick! Aunt Heather, suck it hard!" He 
suddenly stopped talking and got a surprised look on his 
face. His little penis began to feel very different than it 
had ever felt. It tightened up, sending an orgasmic wave 
through his body. Then it relaxed, It tightened again, 
another wave surged through his little body. His little 
pecker relaxed and tightened again repeating this 
wonderfully pleasurable pattern again and again, Heather 
also looked surprised as she felt Jimmy's little cock 
pulsate in her mouth. Her mouth was suddenly full of a 
liquid! A liquid was squirting from Jimmy's penis into her 
mouth! She pulled away and watched, as his little cock 
continued to jump, wildly squirting cum into the air. Robin 
watched too. Both girls were entranced by what Jimmy's 
little penis was doing. At first they thought he was peeing, 
but quickly realized this was something very different. They 
touched the puddles of cum on their bodies and on Jimmy's 
body and could see that this was not pee but a very 
different kind of liquid, the product of Jimmy's pleasure 
and caused by Heather's sucking on his little penis. Robin 
asked "What does that taste like when he squirts it into 
your mouth Heather? How does it feel when his dick jumps 
around like that in your mouth? Did it jump and squirt when 
it was in your pussy? It didn't do it in mine."  

Suddenly they realized that they were being watched, Robin 
looked first and said "Daddy, I didn't know you were home." 
Heather grabbed her clothes and started to dress. Robin got 
under the covers and Jimmy said "hi uncle Jack we've been 
playing a new game, it's a lot of fun." Jack said it sure 
looked like you were having fun. Kids your age fucking and 
sucking each other. I should tell your mothers what you've 
been doing. Heather was first to regain her composure. She 
dropped her clothes, walked over to her daddy and sat her 
naked little body on his lap. "Daddy" she said "Do you want 
to play too?" She put her arms around his neck and kissed 
him lightly on the mouth. Jack looked at Heather's naked 
eleven year old body and he knew he couldn't say no. 
Heather's long blonde hair wall hung down, caressing her 
back. Her body was just beginning to take on the 
characteristics of a woman. Her hips, though still very 
childlike were somewhat wider than her upper body and her 
waist was narrower. The curve formed by her waist as it 
flowed to her ass was very beguiling. Her breasts were 
beginning to form. The nipples were pointed, lovely and pink 
perched atop the small mounds which formed her budding new 
breasts. Her little ass was lovely, rounded and soft to 
Jacks touch as he gently fondled it. Her vulva was lightly 
dusted with fine blonde hair. The view of this beautiful 
organ was unimpeded, only enhanced by the soft blonde 
genital hair. Her young face looked adoringly at her father. 
Jack kissed his little daughter full on the mouth and said 
yes, he would like to play too.

By now, little Robin had regained her composure, and she too 
came over to her daddy. She stood in front of him. Her 
little body was fully childlike, slender legs, a little 
round ass and a slightly protruding stomach. Her nipples 
were pink and still erect from her encounter with her sister 
and nephew. Her little pussy had no hair, not even peach 
fuzz. It had a beauty all it's own. Soft gently rounded 
vulva nestled between her little legs. It was lovely, pink 
and tender. It had just felt a cock, though a small one, and 
hungered for more. She said "Daddy you are the only one with 
clothes on, if you want to play you have to get naked too. 
She also was very curious as to what her daddy's penis would 
be like. Jimmy's little dick was the only one she had ever 
seen. Heather started unbuttoning her daddy's shirt and 
taking it off. She said "Stand up daddy, we'll undress you." 
Jack stood, as Heather pulled her daddy's shirt off and 
Robin unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants and started 
pulling them down. Jack said "wait while I take my shoes 
off, sat down took off his shoes and socks and stood up 
again. Both girls pulled down on Jack's pants and they fell 
to his ankles. Both girls and Jimmy, who was still sitting 
on the bed, stared at the large bulge Jack's cock was making 
in his shorts. Robin put her hand on the bulge and closed it 
gently around her daddy's big cock. She turned to Heather 
and said "It jumped when I squeezed it." Both girls then 
started pulling his shorts down so they could get a better 
look at their daddy's big cock. As his shorts moved down 
past his big rod, It bounced up and the girls both stared. 
They expected their daddy to have a bigger cock than little 
Jimmy's but they weren't prepared for what they saw. Jack's 
cock was about seven inches long and two inches across. It 
was sticking straight out like Jimmy's did but had a little 
curve to it. Also there was hair on his balls and at the 
base of his cock. Each of Jack's daughters reached out and 
put her hand around that immense instrument and sucked in 
her breath when it jumped in reaction to the touch of each 
child's small hand.

Robin led her daddy to the bed and had him lie next to Jimmy 
who was beginning to become aroused again. His little dick 
had started to grow again. Jimmy looked at his uncle's big 
cock and back at his little one then lay back down. 
Both of Jack's daughters got into bed with Jack and Jimmy. 
Robin said it was her turn, sat on her father's legs, spread 
her legs apart and rubbed her father's big dick against her 
little pussy, making sure it massaged her clitoris. As she 
had discovered with Jimmy, that was the place where it felt 
the best. She was feeling great when Heather said it was her 
turn and moved her head down to her father's penis and put 
her mouth down over it, sucking hard as she had done with 
Jimmy. Her father held her head down over his dick sucking 
his breath in for a minute then pulled her mouth off his 
cock. He said that they would have to go slow with him, 
besides he wanted a turn to play with each of them too.

Jack had his two daughters and his nephew lay side by side 
on the bed while he stood back, his cock sticking straight 
out. He enjoyed looking at the three children lying naked on 
the bed all eager to do anything that would please him. Jack 
laid back on the bed and looked at each of the naked 
children in detail, checking nipples, asses, legs, faces, 
pussies and even Jimmy's little penis. He put his arms 
around all three and held them closely, gently caressing 
each of them, touching forbidden areas and non-forbidden 
areas alike. He moved his mouth to his youngest daughter's 
mouth and kissed her gently, exploring the inside of her 
mouth with his tongue. She held him tightly and returned the 
kiss in kind. He moved his mouth to her little nipples and 
licked and sucked each of them in turn. By this time little 
Robin was panting and moaning, her father really knew what 
to do to make her feel good. He then moved to her hairless 
vulva and stuck his tongue against her little clitoris. She 
sucked in her breath and began to push her pussy against her 
dad's tongue, as he fondled her clitoris with his tongue. 
Jack knew he couldn't fuck his nine year old daughter 
without injuring her so he picked Jimmy up and put his 
little cock into his mouth sucking on it till it reached its 
full three inch length. Then Jack put Jimmy's little dick 
into his little daughter's pussy. Jimmy didn't need help 
this time, he started pumping, ramming his little penis into 
Robin's vagina and up against her clitoris time after time 
until Robin reached her second climax. This time while her 
father watched, admiringly and lovingly while Jimmy's little 
penis went into and out of his daughter's little body. 
Giving her great pleasure and giving Jack almost as much 
pleasure as he watched this extremely erotic scene.

Heather looked at her daddy and said it was her turn, Jack 
agreed and kissed her as he had kissed Robin, probing her 
mouth with his hungry tongue. She said daddy please fuck me. 
Jimmy is too little. Jack said nothing but began sucking on 
Heather's lovely swelling nipples, feeling her little body 
stiffen as she pulled him closer. She was breathing hard and 
writhing around on the bed. Jack began licking and sucking 
on her little clitoris. She began to cry out "fuck me daddy! 
Fuck me please! Put your big hard cock inside me! It will 
feel so good daddy! Please fuck me! Now daddy!". Jack 
couldn't resist any longer, his cock was throbbing, he had 
never been so excited. Jack looked at the size of his cock 
and his eleven year old daughter's little pussy with his 
cock pointed directly at the middle of it. It looked 
impossible but his daughter was begging him and he was so 
hot. He lined his cock up with her vagina and pushed gently, 
nothing happened. Heather said "Daddy fuck me!" Jack gave a 
giant push and felt his cock bury itself deeply into his 
daughter's body. The sensations were exceeded only by the 
knowledge that he was really fucking his own eleven year old 
daughter. He pulled back then rammed his cock even more 
deeply into his little baby daughter. Heather was holding 
her daddy tightly and pushing her pussy against his thrusts, 
ensuring that his big cock would bury itself deeply into her 
body with every thrust. Her tight pussy was gripping his 
cock so firmly that every point on his cock was being 
massaged and the thrill was almost unbearable. He knew that 
he could not hold off any longer, it felt too good and the 
thought that this was his own daughter that he was fucking 
added so much to the excitement that he couldn't control 
even his breathing, and his heart was pounding, he knew how 
forbidden what he was doing was, but couldn't stop now. He 
began to move his cock deeply into and out of his little 
daughter's body at a faster and faster pace, his cock 
tightened, relaxed, tightened again and started shooting cum 
into little Heather's vagina, again and again sending 
sensations through his body stronger than he had ever felt. 
Heather felt the cum hitting the inside of her body with 
great force, this triggered a sudden and uncontrollable 
spasm in her body, she pushed her body against her fathers 
cock, causing pressure on her clitoris, this increased the 
force of the spasm and her body moved to push her father's 
dick in and out of her pussy at a very fast rate,  feeling 
this extra sensation she  climaxed with a level of 
excitement that is rarely reached without the forbidden acts 
they were committing. Incest, even multiple incest was 
causing Heather and her father to feel such pleasure that 
this could be the beginning of a lifelong love affair. 
Jacks' ejaculations were beginning to subside but he still 
didn't want to take his cock out of his daughter. The 
feelings brought about by feeling the inside of his own 
daughter surrounding his cock was still fantastic. He didn't 
want it to end. Apparently neither did she, since she made 
no move to disengage her tight little vagina from her 
father's penis.

Jimmy and Robin had been watching this passionate sex act 
between father and daughter, and were fascinated by it. 
Jimmy said he wanted in on the fun. Jack turned over putting 
Heather on top and put Jimmy on heather's back, took his 
little dick and lined up with Heather's ass and had Jimmy 
push it in. As Jimmy fucked his aunt in the ass, Jack could 
feel Jimmy's little dick rubbing against his own big cock. 
The idea of this kind of incest turned Jack on again and his 
cock began to harden again. Robin said "this isn't fair 
everyone but me is having fun" Jack pulled his little 
daughter's pussy against his mouth and licked and sucked it 
until she began to say "fuck me too daddy! I want your big 
cock in me too." Jack said "I can't sweetheart your little 
pussy is too tiny for my big cock, I'd hurt you." "Daddy" 
she said "Please try, I want you to fuck me too, you fucked 
Heather." Jack knew his cock wouldn't be as big this time as 
it was before, but her little nine year old pussy looked so 
small.
 
He reluctantly pulled his cock from Heather's pussy and left 
her enjoying Jimmy as he fucked her in the ass. Jack lined 
his dick up with Robin's little pussy and pushed, afraid 
that he would hurt her, he didn't push hard. His cock didn't 
penetrate Robins little twat. Robin said "Lay on your back 
daddy." When he did, she looked at his cock sticking 
straight up and straddled his body, lining her pussy up with 
the end of his big rod. Jack, seeing his nine year old 
daughter's slender body as she stood over him, her beautiful 
hairless little pussy poised over his cock, bent his knees 
and held Robins little body with one hand on each side of 
her little ass. With his thumbs, he  opened the lips of her 
vulva exposing the soft pink flesh inside. The opening to 
her little vagina was visible, and  so appealing. Holding 
her pussy lips open, Jack moved Robin's body downward 
guiding her so that his cock touched her vaginal entrance. 
Gently he moved her body down against his cock, watching the 
end of his big rod as it began to disappear into Robins 
little vagina. With just the tip of his dick inside his 
child the view was spectacular. Her open pussy lips allowed 
an unobscured view of  his cock penetrating her body. The 
feelings of this tight little pussy holding the end of his 
dick the softness of his daughter's body caressing his cock 
and the view of her immature body standing over him, her 
cute little ass leaning against his legs, were gloriously 
exciting. Jack raised his ass off the bed, pushing his dick 
a little further into Robins pussy. Fascinated, watching his 
dick slowly vanish between his daughter's pussy lips and 
feeling the soft texture of the inside of her vagina as his 
cock slid inside her. Jack was feeling that he knew what 
heaven was like and he was there. Robin let her weight go 
and came down onto her daddy's hard cock, impaling herself 
on his big rod. He felt an enormous feeling of ecstasy as 
His nine year old daughters' body enveloped his cock, 
caressing it with its velvety lining smoothly slipping along 
the sensitive nerve endings engendering feelings of glorious 
pleasure throughout his very excited body. She sat there for 
almost a full minute, Looking at her daddy, taking in the 
scene, Her father was lying under her as she sat, straddling 
his body, His legs bent, behind her, against her back. His 
big cock was inside her body and feeling wonderful to her. 
Jack looked at his cock sticking into Robins little body and 
got even more excited. He was lying on his back with his 
nine year old daughter straddling him. He looked adoringly 
at her, as she faced him. Her little body was beautiful. Her 
nipples were erect and hot pink from the excitement. Her 
legs were spread wide apart. Her vulva gaping open thanks to 
of the size of his rod as it entered her body between the 
soft lips. Only the base of his cock was now visible between 
her tender young pussy lips. The rest of his shaft was 
buried deep inside her body. The soft velvety folds of the 
inside of her young vagina were holding tightly to her 
daddy's cock as if she were embracing her father, showing 
him how very much she loved him. The tight grip of his 
daughter's pussy holding his prick so tightly, enfolding it 
in its velvety softness, gave Jack a feeling of closeness to 
his daughter he had never before felt. 

Robin's blonde hair fell loosely over her shoulders. Her 
blue eyes were looking into her father's. Her lovely face 
was filled with joy. Her little body was flushed with the 
excitement and pleasure of the beautiful act she was 
engaging in with her father. The other children were not 
even in the room as far as she was concerned at the moment.  
She smiled and began to move around, obviously enjoying 
feeling her daddy's cock inside her young body. She said "Oh 
Daddy I'm so happy that you love me so much that you put a 
part of yourself inside me, it makes us so close to each 
other. I love you and I love feeling you inside my body." 
She began to rise up as if she was going to lift her body 
from his cock, then moved gently and smoothly back down, 
pushing his cock back inside her to the hilt and exciting 
her clitoris. She continued moving up and down his shaft, 
exciting herself and her daddy. The sensitive nerve endings 
of Jack's cock delighted him as he felt the soft velvety 
folds of his daughter's vagina in detail as the stimulation 
of her movements caressed and fondled it. Jack pulled his 
daughter's body down so she was lying on him. Her bare skin 
was in full contact with his. He straightened his legs, 
putting them on each side of her legs. Her little nipples 
were against his abdomen and her face against his chest. She 
put her arms around her dad and he held her tightly to him. 
Both father and daughter began to move in unison, generating 
movement between the external and internal points of contact 
between their bodies. His penis was moving inside his 
daughter's vagina. Her clitoris was moving against the base 
of his rod. The skin contact between their bodies was adding 
greatly to the overall love relationship and sexual 
excitement that was building in both of them. Jack felt his 
daughter's vagina Holding and massaging his penis as the 
degree of excitement continued building to extreme levels. 
His entire body became as sensitive to the contact between 
their bodies as his cock normally was. Every part of his 
body was feeling the touch and motion between them. Robin 
was feeling the same levels of excitement as her father. Her 
little body pressing against his, moving against him, 
building greater and greater levels of ecstasy within her. 
This was heaven for both Jack and Robin as they writhed 
together on the bed creating greater and greater levels of 
pleasure in each other and in themselves. Jack's hands moved 
down from where they were, holding Robin against his chest, 
to cup the cheeks of her little ass. Her pliant flesh felt 
wonderful as he held her ass cheeks in his hands, pulling 
her little body against his. He arched his pelvis, causing 
his cock to touch the very deepest parts of Robin's nine 
year old vagina and her little clitoris to make full contact 
with the base of his penis. Oh! Daddy! Oh Robin! Father and 
daughter cried out in unison as their bodies felt the onset 
of a giant passionate crescendo. Robin felt wave after wave 
of erotic feelings pass through her body, starting where her 
father's cock entered her body, spreading to where the tip 
of it touched the end of her vagina and spreading ever more 
widely throughout her body triggered not only by her 
father's cock penetrating her body but by the intimate 
contact of their naked bodies. Her nipples were being 
massaged by the contact with her father's chest. Her ass by 
his hands firmly holding and massaging each cheek. Her body 
was engulfed by the pure pleasure and excitement of the 
moment. This was the most wonderful moment in Robin's young 
life. 

Jack had never received so much pleasure from fucking 
anyone. The feeling of the velvety soft but firm massage of 
his penis by his little daughter's vagina. The soft touch of 
her naked body lying on top of his. The wonderful pliant 
flesh of her little ass in his hands. The knowledge that 
fucking his own daughter especially his nine year old baby 
daughter was taboo, an act prohibited by society, made this 
moment the most pleasurable and exciting moment of his life. 
Jack again arched his pelvis and pulled his daughter's body 
against his rod to achieve maximum penetration of her body. 
He lifted her body up by her ass so he could watch his cock 
as it penetrated his little girl's body. He delighted in 
seeing her little vulva swallow his sex organ. Her nipples 
were hot pink and erect. Her face was flushed as she looked 
adoringly into her father's face. Jack knew he was giving 
his daughter as much pleasure as he was receiving from her.

Robin began panting, and moaning. Her body began to jump and 
wriggle uncontrollably. Passion swept over her body as she 
began to experience the first climax of her life. Her 
fathers cock penetrating her body along with his passion and 
love for her, were triggering the onset of her climax. She 
didn't fully understand what was happening but she 
nonetheless loved it. At the same time Jack felt his penis 
tighten as a fantastic wave of pleasure swept over him. He 
knew he was about to cum in his daughter. He again pulled 
his daughter's ass up and watched his cock as it again 
disappeared into the soft folds of her little vagina. His 
cock released and again tightened. This time he could feel a 
stream of hot semen shoot from the end of his cock and into 
his little daughter's pussy. He started pumping his body 
back and forth while he held his little girl's ass moving it 
in time with the movements of his body. Pumping his cock in 
and out of her wonderful little pussy, building friction 
between their sex organs, further stimulating the passion 
they were feeling. Robin felt the first stream of hot cum as 
it struck the end of her vagina. Her climax was triggered to 
full fruition by feeling her father's cock pulsating inside 
her body and shooting his hot love juice into her body. She 
watched the passion on her father's face as she felt waves 
of passion passing through her quivering little body. Her 
pussy was on fire with pleasure. Her nipples were hot pink 
and erect. Her face grimaced with the ecstasy of fucking her 
father, watching the pleasure on his face. Knowing that she 
and she alone was causing her beloved daddy to feel such 
extreme pleasure. Wave after wave of ecstasy passed through 
her as her father's cum splashed off her internal sex 
organs. Daddy! Oh Daddy! Fuck me! Shove your big hard cock 
up my pussy! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Oh Daddy Oh I Love you Daddy! 
As the nine year old little girl reached a peak of sexual 
euphoria. Jack, hearing his baby girl crying out with such 
pleasure, began pumping his now wildly shooting cock in and 
out of her body at high speed. Holding her little ass and 
ramming his cock to the hilt and out over and over. Watching 
his cock as it penetrated his daughter's body sliding 
between her little pussy lips over and over. Jack could see 
the audience of little Heather and Jimmy watching in 
fascination the movement of his cock and her little ass as 
he brought pleasure to the highest degree to his nine year 
old and himself. The excitement of having his grandson and 
his eleven year old daughter watch him fuck his nine year 
old daughter added even more to his feelings. Jack was in 
heaven. His cock was wildly shooting cum into his screaming 
little daughter. His other daughter was watching admiringly. 
He cried out Oh! Robin Fuck me! Fuck me with your little 
baby pussy. I'm Squirting my love juices into your fucking 
little kunt. I love you Robin! Fuck Me! Fuck me! Their 
bodies seemed to explode in mutual passion as father and 
daughter, unable to speak any longer Fucked each other with 
all their might. Writhing all over the bed lost in the 
oblivion of passion as he shot his cum into her and she 
delighted in the continuing stimulation of feeling his cock 
pulsating and his cum shooting into her baby body.

While this was going on Heather, feeling left out,  said 
"Daddy, suck my pussy," as she moved away from Jimmy and  
put her little pussy next to her daddy's face. Jack started 
sucking eleven year old Heather's pussy while his cock was 
fucking nine year old Robin. Jimmy moved over to Heather's 
side and put his little penis into her mouth Heather began 
to suck Jimmy's little dick in time with her father's 
sucking of her twat. Robin was moving up and down her 
fathers cock faster and faster. She said "yes! Yes! Fuck me! 
Daddy! Your fucking cock inside me makes my little kunt feel 
so good! It's so big it fills me up. Oh yes! Daddy I love 
fucking you!" She continued talking but it became less and 
less intelligible as she approached a climax. Jack suddenly 
felt again the familiar tightening in his cock as he began 
to cum, shooting cum this time into his nine year old 
daughter. Robin, feeling the force of her father's 
ejaculation, as his cum gushed into her vagina, started 
coming too, moaning and quivering as her body moved at 
extreme speed up and down her father's cock. Bringing both 
of their climaxes to full force. At the same time Jack's 
sucking brought little Heather to another climax and Jimmy 
squirted  his cum into Heather's mouth. The room came alive 
with the sounds of passion, as father, both  daughter's and 
nephew simultaneously reached the greatest heights of 
ecstasy they would ever reach. Robin lay over. Placing her 
head on her father's chest, her kunt still impaled on his 
rod. She kissed him on the chest and he kissed the top of 
her head. Holding her close as they both felt his cock 
soften inside her body. Heather felt Jimmy's little cock 
soften inside her mouth. The satiated group held each other 
close and laid together enjoying the feel of each other's 
bodies, totally relaxed, totally satisfied.

--
