Archive-name: Changes/jimmyb.txt
Archive-author: Dee Lorraine
Archive-title: Jimmy's Secret


     When Jimmy Landis was 13 years old, he was a very athletic
little boy - playing football, baseball, and soccer were his
favorite things to do.  But a strange thing happened to him at
this time in his life: he discovered GIRLS!  At first, he would
tease all the girls in his junior high school, just like all the
other boys did.  But slowly, he found that it wasn't so bad being
with girls.  They didn't really have cooties, and they were
actually fun to be with.  He didn't really dislike them, but he
would have to tease them because his parents, very strict and
demanding, believed that boys were athletic and shouldn't play
with girls.  For this Jimmy had slowly began to resent his
parents.  That resentment would grow to hatred in the near future.
     Jimmy would also go to the roller skating rinks on Friday
nights (Teen night) and found that skating with a girl (and
actually holding hands) was arousing to him.  His friends would
make fun of him, until girls would take them by the hand and skate
with them.  Thus Jimmy, like most 13 year olds, found out that
girls were fun to kiss.  One girl in particular was very pretty
and she skated with Jimmy every Friday.  Her name was Debbie
Sarandon.  Debbie had moved into town only one year ago, but she
quickly became a very popular little girl.  Jimmy thought that she
was always dressed prettily, and it was true.  Debbie had closets
full of the frilliest dresses, skirts, blouses, as well as
nighties and other feminine things.  Debbie was also just
beginning to wear pretty pink training bras under the dresses that
she always wore to school.  Debbie was never in jeans, and always
exuded femininity, albeit a little girls femininity.
     Before Jimmy knew it, he was spending more and more time with
Debbie, not only at the skating rink, but he started to spend time
at her house, which was only a short distance from his own.  At
first they only watched T.V. or went on walks together, but as
time progressed, and kissing began to lead to touching, they found
that they were doing things which they found natural.  Jimmy would
touch her small boobies, and she would fondle his penis, but
always through their clothes, and always when Debbie's parents
were in the other room, and they were in Debbie's room with the
door closed.  One time at school, Debbie overheard one of her
girlfriend talking about a 'blow job'.  When Debbie talked to her
friend, she felt that she wanted to do this to Jimmy.  So the next
time they were alone, Jimmy had his hand on her titties, and she
had her hand on his penis, she undid his fly, and pulled down his
underwear and pants, and put his penis in her mouth.  It was
already hard and excited, and it only took her a few minutes to
make him come.  She tried to swallow it, but there was too much
for her little mouth.  After cleaning up with a towel, Jimmy asked
if he could touch her crotch.  Debbie said NO with such authority
that Jimmy thought that he had done something wrong.  Debbie
explained that her parents said she could never let anyone look
'down there', though she promised that she would give him blowjobs
again.
     During the next few weeks, Jimmy found that Debbie wanted to
do 'girl things' with him more and more.  She often would want to
play with dolls, play house, or just bake.  She would make him
wear an apron while baking, and she even made him put on a dress
one time when she said she and her dollies were having an all-girl
tea party.  Whenever he would complain about these things, she
would say 'If you like my blow jobs, you'll do this'.  So, slowly
Jimmy found that playing girlie games wasn't so bad, as long as
his friends didn't find out.  But he still wanted to see under her
panties, so he formed a plan.
     Debbie was a cheerleader, so Jimmy knew that after their
cheerleading practices, the girls would go to the showers to clean
up before going home.  Once a buddy of his showed him where there
was a peephole into the girls' locker room and showers.  After
cheerleading practice, Jimmy went to this peephole and watched as
the 13 and 14 year old cheerleaders stripped and prepared to
shower.  The sight was incredible for such a young boy, and his
penis grew erect immediately.  Then he saw Debbie.  She came in,
and although she removed her cheerleading uniform, she put on her
clean clothes right over her sweaty training bra and white cotton
panties.  She said good-bye to the other girls and walked home.
Jimmy wondered about what she said the other day, and decided that
she must not want even the other girls to see her 'pussy', as the
other boys put it.  Jimmy was so intrigued, that he followed her
home, dodging behind bushes and trees.  He knew that her parents
should be both working, so she should be alone for a few hours.
After she went in the house, he took the spare key from where she
hid it, under the mat, and let himself in.  He was careful to
listen for her and he heard the sound of the shower starting.  So
he crept up the stairs and peeked around.  The bathroom door was
open only a crack, and he could see her moving around in there.
She was getting undressed!  At last, Jimmy would see Debbie's
pussy.  She moved away from the door crack, so Jimmy waited for
her to enter the shower.  When he heard her get in, he crept into
the bathroom, and threw back the shower curtain.  Surprise! he
shouted.  And what a surprise it was!  For there, hanging between
her legs, was Debbie's little cock.  Jimmy fainted away, and
Debbie started to sob.  She quickly covered herself with a robe,
and turned off the shower, waiting for Jimmy to come to.  When
that happened, he was delirious, and hardly articulate.  Debbie
tried to kiss him, but he suddenly became aware that she was a
boy, and that he had always been told that boys didn't kiss other
boys.  He squirmed away, and turned to run, but standing in the
bathroom doorway were Debbie's parents.  Mr. Sarandon grabbed
Jimmy and they took him into Debbie's room for a chat.
     'Jimmy, we know you must be very confused about Debbie' said
Mr. Sarandon.
     'Yes, sir, I am' Jimmy stammered.
     'Well, let me tell you that it is all very simple.  You see,
when Mrs. Sarandon gave birth to Debbie, Debbie wasn't a little
girl, like Mrs. Sarandon and I wanted.  So instead of trying to
have another child and hope for a daughter, we decided that Debbie
would become our daughter.  We took our baby home with us, and
moved within the month.  We raised her as a little girl, and have
even seen special doctors to insure that she will grow like a
little girl.  Debbie has never regretted our decision, have you
dear?'
     'No, daddy, I haven't' Debbie said 'In fact, I'm so glad to
be a girl.  When I'm older I'll be able to wrap boys around my
little finger and get whatever I want.  It's true that girls are
the dominant sex, though we let boys think that they are.
     'In fact, I like being a girl so much, that I've tried to get
Jimmy to play like a girl, too, just to show him how much better
it is than being a boy.  And Jimmy likes playing like a girl,
don't you Jimmy?'
     To this, Jimmy was flabberghasted.  Debbie said she would
never tell anyone they played like two girls.  And the
most embarassing part was that he truly did like
playing like a girl better than playing like a boy.  Fortunately,
Mrs. Sarandon interrupted.
     'Jimmy, we've known for a long time that you like to play
like a girl.  Don't be embarrassed about it.  Even Mr. Sarandon
likes to get dressed up like a girl and play like one, right
dear?'
     'That's right, Jimmy.  I have just as many dresses as my wife
and daughter.'
     Jimmy was starting to feel much more comfortable about his
feminine side which he thought was a secret between himself and
Debbie only.  Now, though, he felt like he could tell these people
anything.  And he did.
     'Mr. Sarandon, I like very much to dress up like a little
girl and to play like one, but all my friends and my family would
make fun of me if I did.  I can only do it in the privacy of
Debbie's room, and sometimes I wish that I could do it all of the
time.'
     Mr. Sarandon was fully prepared for this.  He already had a
plan forming when Debbie had come to him a few weeks ago and told
her father that Jimmy would some day want to be just like Debbie.
     'Jimmy, you can do this all of the time, if you want to, but
it is going to mean a lot of changes in your life, which I'm not
sure a 13 year old is prepared to make.'
     'Please sir, 'Jimmy said, with growing excitement,' I think I
would give anything to be a girl forever.  But I would want it
only if I could be Debbie's girlfriend.'
     'OK Jimmy.  Here's what I have in mind....'
     Mr. Sarandon proceded to tell Jimmy his plan, and while this
was happening, Mrs. Sarandon and Debbie went to Debbie's room and
began to pick out some of the most feminine and frilly garments
for Jimmy to wear.  They picked out a pair of pink satin panties
with little white bows on the side and over the crotch, a pink
cotton training bra with a pink bow between the cups, a light blue
taffida dress with lots of ruffles, some white knee socks, some
blue flats for his feet, and Mrs. Sarandon provided a pretty
blonde wig which Debbie added a blue ribbon to.
     When these things were gathered, they took them into the
bathroom where Mr. Sarandon had just fininshed explaining
everything to Jimmy.  Jimmy was grinning from ear to ear.
     'Well, Jenny,' Mr. Sarandon said, obviously addressing
Jimmy,' what do you think of the pretty clothes your sister and
mommy have picked out for you?'
     'I can't wait to put on my panties, Daddy, 'Jenny said' and
the dress is so feminine, that I could just squeel'
     So the Sarandon's dressed their new family member in frilly
clothes and had her spend the evening learning about how to act
feminine.  Since there was no school tomorrow, Jenny called home
and asked to spend the night.  Her parents said ok, and Jenny got
into a nightie which Debbie gave her.  Then after Debbie's parents
tucked them into bed, Jenny and Debbie kissed for the first time
as girls.  They spent the night touching each other's penises and
giving blow jobs.
     The next morning a For Sale sign went up in the Sarandon's
front yard, and by that evening, they were packed into the car and
Jenny Sarandon was moving with her new family away from a town
where a boy named Jimmy Landis had grown up and had vanished from
the face of the earth.  Jenny Sarandon was the happiest little
girl alive.

--
