 Joanne

Ever since I was young I have always been aware that I found 
other girls attractive. When I was in junior high, my friends and 
I used to "practice" kissing, so we'd be prepared for boyfreinds. 
I never said anything to anyone but I did enjoy it. Also, when I 
would sleep over with a friend, we would always cuddle in bed. It 
was very innocent but I knew there was something there. 
 
By the time I got to high school, I tried to put those things out 
of my mind, and ran around with boys like everyone else. In my 
senior year I had a boyfriend that I got pretty hot with lots of 
times, but when we finally decided to do it, it was just a big 
let down ... a disaster really. Over the summer, before I went to 
college, I had another boy, and again, it was not much of a 
thrill ... 
 
So I got to college, UMass, and ended up in a highrise dorm, the 
only one that wasn't coed ... My roommate was a pretty Italian 
girl, very sweet ... I will call her Joanne ... anyway, almost 
from the start I knew I was developing a crush on Joanne ... it 
drove me crazy ... I became the closest of friends, but of course 
I never let on what I was feeling. Secretly I enjoyed watching 
her when she undressed and if she touched me or hugged me or 
anything like that, I would feel a spark going thru me ... 
 
The result was that I thru myself at boys ... I had a couple of 
boyfriends that year and sometimes things were the same as with 
the other boys, but sometimes they were better ... But I also had 
an affair with one of my teachers that was great physically, and 
I was at least relieved to know I could enjoy being with a man, 
but all the same Joanne was on my mind all the time ... 
sometimes it was a horrible feeling as I would think I was 
turning into a lesbian ... 
 
Well, anyway, freshman year came and went and my stomach was 
still full of butterflies about Diane ... then in August, I made 
plans to take a vacation on Martha's Vinyard with another girl 
from our dorm, a really wild friend of mine named Courtney. We 
spent the nights of our vacation in a little tent, and were 
forced to cuddle up for warmth and because the tent was so small 
... we giggled a lot while we did it but that was about it ... 
 
So then about the third day of our vacation, Courtney said we 
should go to the nude beach in the Gay Head area of the Vinyard 
... we peddled our bikes all the way there until we saw the high 
dunes and parking area that indicated the beach ... we locked up 
our picks and hiked over the dunes ... there were people 
everywhere running around naked, men and women, young and 
middleaged ... skinny and fat ... but instead of being uncouraged 
by the casualness of the whole thing, we both felt self conscious 
... rather than join the crowd, we walked way way down the beach 
until we came to a spot where no one else was around, and spread 
out our blanket ... first we self consciously took off our tops, 
but as the day wore on we became more relaxed and stripped down 
... it felt great .. we smoked pot and rubbed lotion on each 
other ... sometime in the afternoon, Courtney was rubbing lotion 
on my stomach when she giggled "If we get too carried away we can 
always blame the reefer ..." That broke the ice. I minute later 
we had carried our blanket and gear behind the dunes, were no one 
would see us, and began making love ... 
 
A few weeks later I was back in school ... and once again sharing 
a room with Joanne. I couldn't wait to see her ... after that 
experience I knew I would be able to approach her and let her 
know how I felt ... but Joanne is very shy, so I knew I had to 
work slower, using something I call the Extended Seduction 
Technique ... in our first week back, we were sitting around girl 
talking when I said "Guess what?" and told her the story about 
Courtney ... her eyes opened really wide, but she didn't seem 
offended ... still, I was nervous I shouldn't have told her ... 
in the cafeteria, when Courtney would join us, Diane would stare 
at her like she had horns ... but I didn't let down my campaign 
... I would never pass up an opportunity to touch Joanne, however 
casually ... for instance, I would help her with her hair, etc 
... I wanted her to become comfortbale with my touch .., and I 
always tried to look pretty around her, and spent a lot of time 
with her ... 
 
One day in October I saw my chance ... Joanne was sitting around 
in her underwear and a t shirt, as I had run down and tossed her 
clothes in the washer downstairs ... I lit a joint and we sat on 
her bed smoking in ... to my surprise, Courtney let herself in 
She joined us on the bed and we all sat around getting giggly .. 
then Courtney (who knew about my plans for Joanne) took my face 
in her hands and gave me a very passionate kiss ... Joanne stared 
for a minute, then started laughing ... I kissed her too ... then 
I rubbed her bare legs and kissed her again ... she reponded ... 
God when I think about the moment when I knew she would accept me 
I still get these little chills ... With Courtney's help I got 
her clothes off and we all made love on the bed ... 
 
After that Joanne and I spent every night sleeping in the same 
tiny bed. We did not make love all the time, but about once a 
week we would let go ... I felt so happy. As for Courtney, she 
moved on to other conquests but we still see each other ... I 
have had many other lovers (mostly men) since that day with 
Joanne but I still get my biggest thrills from her ... 
