Archive-name: Changes/joanxmas.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Joan for Christmas


     The chilly moist air was biting at his face as John hurried
through the mall parking lot.  A heavy rich aroma from the many
wood burning fireplaces filled his nostrils, the grey foreboding
sky added to the message that a huge snowfall was to come.
     It was almost Christmas and John had bought his annual gifts
for his special "girl".  The packages he struggled with were filled
with lacy lingerie from the Mothercare store and on the hanger he
clung to so tightly was the his often wished for red velvet
maternity dress.
     In the infants department he had seen all the velvet dresses
lined up, green ones, red and purple, all waiting for some mother
to take them home for their little girls christmas finery.  The red
ones with the square lace collars were by far the prettiest and he
could only wish one would fit.
     It was in the "Coming Events" store that he spotted the many
more feminine fancy dresses.  Most stores were carrying the more
modern "working mother" fashions, long gone it seemed were what
John thought were traditional and feminine fashions.
     "The" dress seemed to jump off the rack and say "I'm you" a
she studied the pleated empire waist bustline.  Long sleeves with
white lace cuffs and a skirt that would grace his statuesque legs
to the ankles.  The sticker price of $150.00 almost scared him away
but it was Christmas and he just said, "I'm worth it".
     A slight rain had begun to fall and the parking lot was
starting to get treacherous, Johns car was a but a few aisles from
the mall entrance and he knew he'd soon be home preparing to wrap
his "special" presents for an exciting Christmas morning,that's
probably why he got a little careless as he darted into the path of
the oncoming automobile.
     John held the dress high to protect it from hitting the ground
as he saw the headlights get closer and closer.  He knew as they
grew brighter and brighter that they were not going to stop. There
seemed to be no sound, just a calm peaceful quite,a blur and then
white light all around.
     Trying to focus his eyes and tune his ears to what appeared to
be someone calling him.
     Then he heard it more clearly, "Joan, Joan, are you okay".  As
his eyes focus he could make out the images of a rather romantic
apartment, furnished in turn of the century decor, he was reclining
on a love seat but unsure how he had gotten there.
     His/she, it was all becoming very confusing, eyes fixed in the
direction of the voice calling "Joan" and he/she saw a young blonde
gentleman, dressed in white dinner jacket, wearing formal trousers. 
His physic indicated that he exercised regularly, his voice was
soft and caring.
     With his vision cleared, John, or was it Joan?, realized that
this handsome gentleman was calling to him/her, but why was he
calling him Joan?     
     Rising from the love seat John/Joan ventured toward the mirror
located at the end of the hall.  Nothing would have him/her
prepared for the reflection he/she eyed in the mirror.  Looking
back was a young girl, in her early twenties he/she thought. 
He/she mumbled under his/her breath,"I've been watching too many
"Quantum Leaps", lowered and shook his/her head and returned a gaze
to the mirror.  The image had not changed. A beautiful young girl
was staring back at him/her as she stood in front of that
perplexing mirror.
     "Joan, you seemed to have swooned, he said with a proper
British accent. You must have had too much bubbly at the pub,"he
continued.
     Joan still uncertain, returned to the couch, assumed she had
been dreaming, for obviously she was a young lady who had consumed
too much alcohol.
     "I'm sorry, I seem to have forgotten your name", Joan
blushingly apologized.
     "Jacque, remember you followed me all day at the mall and
we"bumped" into each other on the escalator.  You said you were
trying to find a way to meet.  The sudden stopping of the escalator
provided the opportunity.  You would have crushed all your pretty
packages in the fall if I hadn't caught you."
     It was no more clearer but what he said seemed to make sense. 
Shopping was hectic and she did seem to recall this gorgeous guy
she had seen earlier in the day.
     Had she really been drinking with this stranger?  Did she
willing follow him to this room?  The situation was "strange" but
not frightening.  She didn't feel "threatened" in anyway, just a
little "unsure".
     She tried to rise to her feet but found her knees again
wobbly, faltered and was caught by Jacque, who again lowered her to
the seat.
     He sat beside her, holding her shoulders to steady and warm
her, he asked if she was feeling better.
     "Yes", was Joans weak reply, "maybe I could have some coffee",
she inquired?
     "Two Irish Coffees coming right up", Jacque responded.
     "Make mine "regular" with just a little cream, please"
     "Plain it will be".
     Within just a few minutes Jacque returned with an elegant
coffee service for two, piping hot coffee in each china cup.
     Jacque added a slight amount of cream while asking, "say
when?"
     "Enjoy!, he exclaimed as he lifted his cup to what Joan
noticed where moist inviting lips.
     Joan had taken but a few sips from the cup when her hand
faltered and the cup tummulted to the floor.  Her quick action
saved her from being scalded by the spilling liquid though an
amount did land on here white blouse.
     Jacque retrieved a robe from his room, turning his back toto
allow Joan to remove the stained blouse and don the robe.
     Joan thought there was more to this than seemed real.  She
stilled wondered if this was all a dream.  If it were she was going
to give it every opportunity to play itself out.
     She removed the coffee stained blouse and undid her bra but
never put on the robe.
     "You may turn around now", she said.
      Jacque was amazed at the beauty of the naked girls breasts.
They stood as equally firm globes with areola domes that appeared
to be well suckled.  Her breasts reminded him of those he had seen
of "wet nurses" in his home country, whose nipple area seemed to
swell and engorge from being "with milk" for so long.
     Joan motioned for him to explore her exposed flesh by cupping
each globe and lifting them slightly.  Jacque tongued each nipple
before taking one firmly into his mouth and suckling her like an
infant.
     Jacque was a little disappointed not finding any fluid flowing
from these lovely milk mounds but nursed at her breasts non the
less while softly stroking her soft sensual abdominal flesh.
     They explored a deep kiss, her breasts were now heaving from
the passion of his sucking and kissing.
     Joan felt a "wetness" in her panties like she had never felt
before.
     This was all so strange to her.
     Jacques hand had worked its way through the elastic waistband
of her panties and was advancing on its target.  Joan froze in fear
of what he would find.  Was this all a dream?  Was she Joan or, she
couldn't remember any vestiges of a male name but she still feared
that Jacques advancing hand might find a penis instead of a pussy.
     Joans breath stopped as Jacques hand entered her pubic
hair,pulling the hairs slightly as his forward motion eased to a
snails pace.
     She wanted him to touch her.  She wanted to know for sure. 
Would she wake up as he screamed YOUR A MAN.  Frozen in time she
waited for his final advance.
     A sense of relief was realized when she felt soft folds being
parted and probed by Jacques large fingers.  She could feel her
wetness coating his fingers and easing their entry into her warm
vagina.
     Jacque forced several fingers into her moist hole.  Joan
bucked on his fingers while imploring Jacque to replace them with
the glorious pecker she knew he would have.  In a climatic frenzy
she completed the ride on his fingers and lay motionless.
     As she began to recover she felt Jacques manhood smearing its
precum fluid on her holes entrance, not that she needed more
lubrication.
     She loved having the head of his big prick rub up and down the
folds of her steaming pussy but she also longed to have it rammed
home and quench the fire that was burning in her loins. 
He played for several minutes, even venturing to her "back door"but
only brushing it lightly and never trying to enter.
     Joan was not sure she was ready to have her ass rammed by such
a huge weapon, with her hand she steered his sword to the hole that
would be its sheath.
     With her excitement at fever pitch he was able to enter her in
one swift motion.  The ecstacy of the impalement made Joan gasp for
air and momentarily stop all motion.  She reveled in the reality of
having a man buried firmly between her thighs.
     There was a feeling of newness yet she mustn't have been a
virgin, there was no blood, nor any pain.
     Jacque slowly began to work his tool deeper into her beckoning
hole.  At each thrust Joan tried to capture the pounding intruder
with the strength of her vaginal muscles but each attempt was
countered by a powerful retreat and an even stronger assault. 
Their game went on for what seemed an eternity, halting in a frozen
convulsion of climatic eruptions. 
Jacques seed poured into Joans womb, warm spurts of semen showered
the entrance to her cervix, flooding her chamber with the fertile
seeds of life.
     Several weeks had past since Joan encounter with Jacque and
she was concerned that she had not heard from him again.  She never
remembered having a "one night stand" with anyone and wondered how
she let it happen.  She did recall how handsome Jacque was with a
sigh of "what will be -- will be".
     Sunday while getting ready for church, Joan felt a little
unsteady and sat back on her bed after trying unsuccessfully to
bend and put on her pantyhose.  A waive of nausea came over her and
she beat a path to the bathroom, getting to the commode with no
time to spare as her body purged itself of the tea and muffin she
had eaten for breakfast.  Wretch after convulsive wretch Joan
heaved the last remnants of that morning meal into the commode.
With the sour taste of vomit in her mouth she ran a cup of water
only to be met with more retching as she tried to use it to cleanse
her mouth.  All Joan could do was struggle back to the bed,
lowering herself as best she could and reclining in a fetal
position in an attempt to quell the tide of the abdominal pains she
was experiencing.
     Joans first suspicion was she was pregnant but when she went
several more weeks without any symptoms she decided it must have
been something she ate or was a touch of the flu.
     Then it happened again, violent abdominal pains and retching
but since she had not eaten it was only non productive heaving with
nausea and pains lacking any comparison with anything she had known
before.
     It had now been almost six weeks since her evening with Jacque
and Joan realized that she had missed her period.  She was fairly
certain that Jacque had gotten her pregnant and she had noway of
contacting him to tell him of his impending parenthood.
     Mid-day when she felt a little better, Joan ventured to the
drugstore to get a pregnancy kit to confirm what she knew in her
mind was so.
    Feeling a little embarrassed as she set the kit on the counter, 
She did not want to answer any questions about her potential
pregnancy.  She just knew the clerk would notice the absence of a
wedding ring on her finger and assume she was some slut who "slept
around" and got herself "knocked-up".  To her relief the clerk just
announced the cost of the purchased slipped it into a bag and
returned her change from the twenty dollar bill she had handed him.
     Joan headed straight home to perform the test, torn between
her expectations of the results.
     If she was pregnant she knew she would have a beautiful baby,
Jacque was such a handsome lover but this was all so new to her,
she was still unsure how this had all happened.
     After reading the instructions, Joan placed the indicator
strip on the bathroom sink, and used the alcohol pad provided to
sanitize the area around her vulva so not to contaminate the urine
sample and give a false indication from the test. 
Collecting the sample was not as difficult as she first thought it
might be, the cup was large enough to circle her vaginal lips. 
She released a stream on liquid as the instruction had told, then
while she was "going" she filled the cup to its three quarter mark,
allowing the rest of her bladder to empty into the toilet.
     Dropping the indicator strip into the cup she waited to see
what developed.  Gradually a line came into view, it was a
horizontal line, the making of a "negative" sign, then the vertical
line began to appear, sure enough a clear "positive"sign had
appeared.  Joan was PREGNANT.
     Over the next few weeks Joan was sensitive to every change her
body was experiencing.  The "morning sickness" had taken its toll,
every fibre of her body ached.  The tingling in her breasts had
started as they developed their milk producing capability.  The
"inches" of her bodily measurements were increasing, her waist
already increasing by almost two inches.  Joan felt she could
detect a noticeable swell as she gently held the tape measure
around her middle.
     Showers became a most pleasant experience.  The playful
pellets of water bounced on her sensitized flesh producing erotic
reminders of her "condition", generating memories of the passion
that produced this child growing in her belly.  Her soft toweling
were like kisses to her excited nipples causing them to harden and
beg to be comforted further.  With an increased vigor she rubbed
her breasts hoping to quell the "full beyond capacity" feeling that
their engorgement had produced.
     Joans excitement of carrying a child had been realized, yet
there was still a sense of something not quite connected.  She
could remember the father, though she knew she was not married. 
She knew she didn't have a "steady" boyfriend so it must have been
a "one night stand", yet she hadn't been prone to "sleeping
around".  Somehow it HAD occurred, her reflection now was clearly
that of a pregnant woman.
     Joans next few months seemed to blur together.  Looking for
work was the last thing on her list as her bank account seemed to
be significant enough to carry her through the birth of her baby. 
Shopping the Malls, buying clothes took up most of her time.  A few
times she tried to retrace her steps from that fateful night in
search of the babies father but she always came up empty and
resigned to the fact that he was gone.
     Joan became a little concerned when her doctor wanted to run
some test.  She couldn't tell him much about the father, other than
race, color of hair and a guess at height and weight.  She knew
nothing of his background.  Had no idea of his heritage.  Was he
Irish?  Or German, maybe?  Was he just a good old American, Heinz
57 variety.  What could the doctor even be concerned about, she
wasn't of an age to be "high risk".  She was generally healthy. 
She was raised believe you "trust your doctor", so she agreed to
any test he thought was necessary.
     The examining room had been carefully prepared.  The cold
steel stirrups though had been replace with what looked like
plastic ones but wouldn't prove to be significantly warmer.
     Under the doctors instructions Joan disrobed and slipped into
the gown that the nurse had provided.  The feeling of vulnerability
always increased when she removed all her clothes and was covered
by only this thin garment that one could never keep fastened no
matter which way it was worn.
     Joan was so aware of her nudity as she walked toward the
table, she might as well not have the robe on.  She could tolerate
not wearing a bra but being without panties seemed and invitation
for anyone to "enter".  It was like the door to the house had been
taken off and all could seen the contents inside.  She fantasized
that people could actually look up her and see her baby.  Her
beautiful smiling baby, grinning and saying "I won't come out until
I'm ready".
     A blonde, attractive nurse named Jane, also very pregnant
helped Joan onto the examining table.  Carefully she lifted each
leg into the waiting stirrups.  She then opened Joans robe,
exposing her flesh almost to her bloated breasts.  Carefully she
applied a warm lotion across most of her distended abdomen, and
then explained as she applied a rounded shape instrument that she
was doing an ultra sound to examine the developing fetus and make
sure all was well.  With patterned motions the nurse scanned the
length and width of her pregnant tummy.
     Joan felt awkward lying so exposed and having this sexual
young nurse touching her so intimately.  When the nurse brought the
probe to the lower part of her abdomen and was going to retrace her
path upwards, Joan raised her hand and placed it on the distended
belly of nurse Jane.  She traced her hand to Janes lower abdomen
and continued until her fingers rested over the woman's sex.  Joans
fingers toyed with her examiner through the nylon uniform she was
wearing.  Nurse Jane placed the ultrasound transducer at the
entrance of Janes pregnant hole and massaged her "button" while
gradually working the probe into her canal.
     Joan pulled Janes slacks to below her bulging belly and did
the same for the cotton underpants she was wearing.  This gave Jane
unobstructed access to the nurses swollen love box.  Joan worked
several fingers into Janes willing hole while intern the nurse
worked the probe even deeper into Joans stuffed muff.  They rode
each others assault, allowing the passion to build beyond fever
pitch.
     Jane stiffened first and then rhythmically rotated on Joans
invading fingers, as she climaxed she pushed the probe to the very
entrance of Joans womb, that set off fireworks in Joan like she had
never experienced before.
     She rocked harder and harder, trying to force the probe even
deeper but it had reached its limit.  With the probe locked at the
entrance to her womb by the pressure Joan exerted, Joan kept her
hips raised high in the air while she felt wave after wave of
climactic pleasure.
     Nurse Jane had just retrieved the probe and fixed her clothing
when in walked the doctor asking how the ultrasound test had gone.
     Nurse Jane just answered, "I think we got some "interesting"
pictures."
     From that visit on Joan looked forward to her "doctor" visits
and was ready and willing to allow any "tests" that he thought were
needed.
     As Joan prepared to shower she was amazed at how much she had
grown.  She loved to study her pregnant figure in the mirror and
following the swollen curves with the tips of her fingers usually
brought on an intense organism.  Many times she worried that her
innocent playing might bring on premature labor.
     While examining her figure she would allow her fingers to find
the entrance of her sex.  The spot that was responsible for the
"shape" she was in.  She'd insert several fingers then use her free
hand to rotate her "button".
     Her swollen belly would rotate as she road her playful
fingers.  Her jerky bucking would soon increase to an uncontrolled
frenzy and she'd be trying to force her hole hand into that
pregnant hole.  She had been successful in getting all five fingers
but was unable to push the whole palm into her hole.  She expected
that when she was closer to giving birth she would be able to
insert her whole fist.  She had herd of "fisting" but never had it
done, she would experience it even if she had to do it herself.
     Joan grew melancholy as her due date drew near.  She loved
being pregnant, she enjoyed her bloated body.  The stirring of life
within her was an immense turn on and she didn't want to give it
up.  She began wishing she could plug her hole and never allow the
baby to leave her womb.  She watched as various parts of her belly
changed shape with the movement of thee child within.  An arm or
elbow put such a dimple on one side while the head put a large lump
to the right.  When she felt a foot push on her kidney she knew she
would have to go to the bathroom quickly.
     Not knowing what possessed her to do it she sat on the toilet
without pulling down her pants.  She just sat there an relaxed and
then her bladder released.  The warm urine began to soak her
panties, the warmness traveled down the back of her thighs and up
the cheeks of her ass.  She had wanted to "wet her pants" for a
long time and the sensation was great.  She was looking forward to
changing he little ones diapers, she recalled the pleasure it was
to lay and be fussed with while her diaper was being changed.  Oh,
how she longed for that time again.  She truly "waddled" as she
crossed the bathroom and removed her wet pants.
     Because of her "accident" Joan decided to take a shower.  The
water cascaded off her bloated belly as rubbed the soap in circles
around the distended mound.  Her skin became slick with the clouds
of soap that piled on her swollen hill, so much so that she was
standing in a sea foam of white suds.  When the cake of soap was
applied to her engorged breasts she felt the "hardness" brought on
from their ample supply of milk.  She could now toy with her
nipples ever so slightly and "bring down" her nourishing fluid. 
Her breasts still stood firm  and pointed on her chest, even with
their increasing supply of nectar they had not began to droop,
though they were exceedingly heavy and going without a bra was no
longer an option.
     These "erotic" showers always brought on a case of needing
something to fill her already stuffed pussy, that's why she had
gone to the "book store" and purchased some adult "play toys". 
Still Joan felt almost "naughty" when she would use these "toys" on
herself.  She wasn't sure why but each time she used these
implements she felt she was cheating someone out of a good time and
quite possibly cheating herself out of some great sex.
     Joans favorite "weapon"was the 3 inch round cock that was
about nine inches long and had a suction cup at its end.  She could
fasten it to the floor of the shower and ride it unmercifully while
the warm water poured down on her.
     Squatting she could impale her pregnant pussy on the shaft and
rotate her hips forcing the plastic pecker to touch the most
intimate crevices of her blossoming hole.  She would rotate
clockwise for several turns, winding her senses to a peak, then
reverse her motion, which only increased her state of arousal.
     Her thighs would strain to keep their squatted position as her
climax neared.  She had to keep from setting down on the pecker for
fear of damaging the child growing in her belly.  The intensity of
the orgasms she was able to produce must have been elevated by the
fears of driving that plastic intruder right into her baby laden
womb.  She fantasized that the child would grab the entering
weasel, hold it, not allowing it to retreat, keeping her forever
impaled upon this latex pecker.
     Joans baby laden belly was heaving to and fro, up and down, at
the peak of her climax, Joan forced her pregnant hole firmly onto
the pecker and tightened her pussy muscles around its shaft as the
throws of orgasm coursed through her body.  Her breasts began to
drip their sweet nectar, that flowed in tiny rivers down her
distended abdomen.  With her fingers she smeared the flowing liquid
into her pussy hairs and mixed it with the juices that were
escaping from her cunt and then she rested.
     When Joan awoke with a cramping sensation in her lower abdomen
she knew her time was near.  It was joyous in some ways, for she
would experience the joy of childbirth but sad in a way because she
loved being pregnant.
     Pregnancy seemed such a natural state for her, she was at
peace with her body.  She even loved the full round curves that
took over the many aspects of her once small features.
     The attention she got from men also added to the pleasure in
being pregnant.
     Joan knew her labor was in the early stages and did not want
to go to the hospital until she was close to delivery.  She wanted 
to experience the events that were to come, unhindered by the fuss
and commotion of a hospital.  She would have to start her journey
to the hospital before the pains became too unbearable but she was
willing to stretch it as far as she was able.
     In the early afternoon her cramps worsened and she began to
notice a warm fullness in her pussy area.  She attributed this to
the expanding of her pubic bones and the added blood flow to the
are to prepare the birth canal for its work.
     Joan stripped off all her clothes and admired her now ripe
figure, her breasts were drooping ever so slightly but her belly
had definitely "dropped".  During most of her pregnancy she had a
"high round" abdomen, almost as if she had a beachball stuffed in
her panties but in the last few days her belly had fallen several
inches, seeming to have lost its strength to stay erect.
     For comfort Joan dressed only in a light nightgown that she
noticed was "see through" as she began to ready the things she
would take to the hospital.  Joan would have all her nice maternity
lingerie on when she went to the hospital but for now she wanted to
be comfortable.
     For her hospital stay, Joan first packed several nice nursing
gowns.
     She examined the slits that could be parted to allow her
infant access to her milk filled breasts.  Joan anticipated the
excitement of nursing her baby and was looking forward to the
experience.
     She carefully folded several nursing bras.  She had purchased
the underwire type to caress and frame her breasts while they were
exposed to her infants suckling.  She admired the lacy cups fitted
with what was advertised as easily opened with one had so you could
safely hold your baby with the other.  She had practiced often with
these snaps and knew she would be good at it when it was time to
feed her newborn.
     She packed several new pairs of maternity panties.  She knew
her body wouldn't quickly return to its pre-pregnancy shape and
after all she did enjoy the lacy expansion panel of the silk
panties.
     She mustn't forget the cocobutter cream she had purchased for
softening and moisturizing her nipples in between nursing.  She had
heard they could get dry and crack, which was very painful and
often caused a cessation of nursing.  Joan wanted to nurse her baby
as long as she could so she was going to do everything to make it
successful.
     With her bags packed and the pains coming stronger and closer
together Joan decided it was time to get dressed for her trip to
the hospital.
     You would have thought she was getting ready for a night on
the town.
     Joan had carefully planned her "delivery day" outfit.  All new
lingerie, black panties and matching nursing bra.  The matching
camisole barely covered the swell of her belly, she had dropped so
much.
     Suntan, support pantyhose added a sheen to her freshly shaved
legs accentuating their athletic attractiveness.
     The pink with white appliques maternity top was the picture of
innocence that Joan loved to portray.  With pinafore white smock it
made her look like she should be going to a school girl party
rather than to deliver a baby.
     Dressed and ready, Joan still waited for the intensity and
duration of her pains to increase.  She could only classify what
she had felt so far as "moderate" and they were still 10-12 minutes
apart.  She was going to push it to the 4-6 minute range for she
was hoping someone at the hospital would have to undress her and
she was hoping for a male nurse.  Joan was sure they take these
things in stride but it had an erotic connotation in her mind.
     By early evening Joan had been in labor for over twelve hours
and the pains had increased from what Joan called "moderate" to
what she would now call "minimumly" strong.  On their onset they
would take her breath away but the would roll from her pubic area
to the cheeks of her ass, subsiding as they travelled their course.
     Joan was meeting the pains now with a copulating motion.  She
tried to "ride" the pains as she rode her mysterious lovers seed
filled tube.  The agony/pleasure of the pain was passing erotic
thoughts through her mind.  Joan realized that after her delivery 
she would be planning another pregnancy as soon as possible.
     With the pains just over five minutes apart an about two
minutes in duration, two minutes of hellish suffering that had Joan
wondering why she waited so long.
     Was she going to be able to endure the stress long enough to
get to the hospital?
     She knew the trip to the hospital would take about twenty
minutes and her end stage labor could advance quickly.  
     Stopped at her first traffic light, it seemed to take an
eternity for that light to change.
     Joan considered running it.
     Joan felt someone was trying to split her in two by driving a
wedge between her thighs.
     The most intense contractions were now about three minutes
apart with the rolling and splitting pain lasting almost the whole
duration, letting up only to be started again with another
contraction.
     The intense pain was making the driving a most difficult task. 
     Any erotic fantasies were lost in the excruciating pain
racking her body.
     She wanted to cry out "this is not happening to me!"
     "Whose the bastard that did this to me?"
     Joans agony was unknown to anyone about her, tightly sealed in
the confines of the automobile she was driving.
     With little time to spare she arrived at the hospital, quickly
paring her car at the emergency room entrance and met by a young
orderly who quickly identified her need.
     He called back into the corridor, "gurney!, stat!, we have a
woman about to deliver."
     Joan was placed on the gurney and she felt them attach an IV
tube to one arm while a blood pressure cuff was wrapped around her
left arm.
     Someone was tugging at her pantyhose, she hoped it was the
orderly who had met her at the entrance.  With equal dexterity she
felt her panties being pulled down the length of her legs.
     As she felt her legs being lifted into the stirrups another
wave of contractions blurred the happenings from her mind.
     When she recovered her legs had been securely fastened in the
cold steel stirrups, a tent had been placed over them given some
semblance of privacy to the exposure of her most intimate parts.
     Joan felt a warm trickle flowing down the crack of her ass. 
She feared she had "wet" herself in the frenzy and excitement, to
her relief she heard the nurse say, "her water has broken, she
should deliver very soon."
     They seemed to be telling her to "push" and "hold it" at the
same time.  Her body was out of sequence with what the attending
doctor wanted.
     Joan knew this baby was going to do what it darn well pleased
and it was going to come out whether they wanted her to push or
not.
     The strength of the contractions were now drawing her up
almost to a sitting position yet her legs were high above her head
securely fastened in those cold stirrups.
     "She's fully dilated", she heard the doctor state.  "Let her
bear down with each onset of the contractions."
     "Push!", came the order.
     "Again, bear down as hard as you can, the head is out and the
right shoulder, once or twice more and you'll be done", he
finished.
     Then, reflected in the mirror above the delivery table, the
red bloody body of a little baby could be seen.  Joan could not
tell what sex it was and anxiously waited to her the doctors
intonation.
     "It's a GIRL!", he proudly exclaimed.
     Joan was happy and slept.
     It was almost midnight when Joan awaken.  Somewhat frightened
by the low level of light and lack of any perceptible sound.
     Joan groped for the call button she knew would be at the side
of her bed and pushed it time after time.
     The night nurse at the station, saw the flashing light
immediately and dispatched a floor nurse to Joan's room .
     "Where's my baby?", Joan pleaded.  "Is it alright?"
     "Your baby's fine", the nurse responded.  "Would you like to
see her?"
     "Yes"
     "She might not have been fed yet", the nurse offered.  "Would
you like to try nursing her?"
     "Oh yes!" was Joans anxious reply.
     The doubts and wondering had returned to her mind.  How was
all this happening?  Something strange had overcome her but what
was it.
     She again had the fear that what she would find in her
nightgown wouldn't be the nourishing breasts that would be needed
to feed the baby that was going to be brought to her room.
     Was this all some kind of dream?
     Visions of the Mall began to return.  The pretty maternity
dresses she wanted to buy but found too expensive.
     The parking lot and the cold slipper driveway came into view.
     Joan was again panic stricken as the bright light shown in her
face.  She reached inside the gown she was wearing, as the light
lessened when the nurse closed the room door.  
     The nurse lay the small infant at the breast that Joan had
exposed and with hungry warm lips, little baby Heather Rose suckled
the offered nipple.
     Waves of shear pleasure shot through her as the infants
suckling grew more intense.
     Joan was surprise that such a small child could create so much
force on her tender nipples.  She could feel the warm fluid
escaping from those swollen globes.
     Joan knew she had all she wanted.
     The pain from the suckling grew stronger.  Joan freed her
other breast in an attempt to have her nurse from that one and
"share the pain".
     Her chest was burning.
     Then she was being helped to her feet.
     "Young man, are you okay?", came the question from an
attractive young woman assisting him to his feet.
     "You almost walked right in front of my car", she continued,
"had you not fallen on the patch of ice, I might have hit you.  Are
you okay?"
     "Your packages seem to be okay, whose the lucky lady that is
going to get that lovely dress?" the driver inquired.
     With a little disappointment in his voice he said, "why, it's
for me."
     "Interesting", was her one word reply.

--
