The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.









This is the one and only time I will post this story.  Hope you enjoy it.
Please do not e-mail me.  I won't respond.  Thanks.


JOANIE AND MARIE



"Spike!!!"

My teammates yelled out the warning as the volleyball streaked down over
the net.  I lunged forward and slapped it back up in the air.  Not a
perfect set, but it was in easy reach of the center, who slammed it back at
the other team.  The ball zipped between players and hit the floor.  The
two women looked at each other with chagrin as my team cheered--another
point for our side.

"That was great, Joanie!" shouted Marie, our Captain, from across the
court.  "Nice recovery!"  I beamed a smile back at her, happy for the
encouragement.  The warm appreciation in Marie's eyes seemed to reach
inside of me.  We held the gaze for a long moment until the referee's
whistle broke the spell.  The other girls didn't seem to notice our
exchange, but I felt my heart beat a little harder as the next volley
began.

Marie had been paying a lot of attention to me ever since I joined the team
two months ago.   I'm a good player, I have to admit, but I didn't think
that explained all of my captain's interest.  She'd often go out of her way
to talk to me before practice or after a game--and it seemed that she was a
bit friendlier to me than to my other teammates.  Sometimes I'd notice her
looking me over in the shower.  I can't believe she was just interested in
my athletic build.  Her eyes seemed hungry for more than that.

The thought that Marie might be a lesbian intrigued me.  I knew some other
gay girls at the college I attended and we got along just fine.  Although
I'd never made love to another woman, I could remember kissing other girls
during slumber parties and other trysts when I was in high school.  We
always used to write it off as playful practice to get ready for some
future boyfriend.  But as I got older, I must admit that I've also enjoyed
watching women get it on together in adult movies.  You almost can't rent a
x-rated movie that doesn't have a girl/girl scene in it.  Some of their
lovemaking is hot, too.  I've fantasized about it... and Marie seemed to be
opening a door for me to turn my lusty daydreams into reality.

She certainly didn't look like the classic butch.  Her wavy long brown hair
cascaded down around her pretty face, which she always made up after a game
with lip gloss, a bit of eye shadow, and rouge--very feminine.  Marie also
wore a sweet musky perfume.  Any man watching the game would be able to
appreciate the way her shapely ass stretched her tight shorts, or how her
buxom chest filled out her jersey, but she didn't have any boyfriends as
far as I could tell.  No girlfriends either, for that matter--at least not
on the team.  At least not yet...

Soon, the game was over.  We won, and the locker room was filled with
happy, bubbly chatter.  Most of the girls bounded into the shower
immediately, but I like to take my time getting undressed.  So I was
surprised to feel someone's hand slap my buns as I was pulling my jersey up
over my head.  I got my shirt off, turned, and found myself looking at
Marie--quite a stunning sight, stripped down to her undies and sports bra.

"Great game, Joanie!," Marie said, as she looked me over.  "And what a
great body!," she continued, playfully cupping her hand on my ass and
letting her fingers run smoothly along the curve of my buttocks.  She gave
a little pinch down by my tush.

I squealed and grabbed her hand.  "Hey, you," I growled, pulling her toward
me and locking her wrist with my fingers.  It was an instinctive gesture,
and I guess neither of us were prepared for our sudden proximity.  For an
awkward moment we looked into each other's eyes.  Marie seemed startled at
my burst of aggressiveness.  I softened my grip on her arms.

"Have I offended you?," she asked meekly.  This was a side of my captain
that I hadn't seen before.  Strong, yet vulnerable; bold, but also tender.

"No,of course not," I said with a smile.  My hand slipped up to her
shoulder, which I squeezed softly as I gave her a peck on the cheek.  "I
just wasn't ready for you."

What I really wasn't ready for was the sexual tension that seemed to be
building up between us.  Those past few moments had held distint lesbian
overtones.  Instinctively, I broke our eye contact, grabbed my towel and
started heading toward the shower room.  It was my way of dealing with the
intensity.  But a slight sense of regret suddenly came over me.

"Aren't you coming?" I asked, looking over my shoulder.

Marie stared at me.  "I'll be there soon," she said in a low, husky voice;
but she didn't budge.  As I turned and continued toward the shower, I could
feel her eyes upon me, and I couldn't resist putting a jaunty little sway
in my hips as I walked away.  The game had begun.  Without having made a
conscious decision, I was already responding to her overtures--and luring
her on to more.



There were still other girls in the shower room, so Marie and I casually
ignored each other as we washed up.  It was strange, in fact, because now I
wanted her to notice me as I dried my bouncy blond curls with the blow
drier.  I knew I was good looking.  Plenty of heads would turn when I
walked down the halls on campus and the mirror in front of me revealed why:
my full, round tits always filled a sweater or a blouse nicely; I have a
tight belly, curvaceous hips and long, healthy legs that many woman envy.
And I've always been happy with my face.  I even used to be a teen model
when I was younger.  So I was used to being noticed for my body, but
usually just by men.

After cleaning up, I got dressed in a close-fitting knit sweater and
slacks.  I was ready to go, but Marie was nowhere in sight.  I lingered,
straightening up my locker as the other girls went home one by one.  Soon
the locker room was empty and I couldn't see Marie.  I didn't want to be
too obvious that I was waiting around in hopes she would continue what she
had started.  Who knows?  Maybe I had been misinterpreting the whole thing.
I blushed with embarassment.  How could I get so hung up on this woman
without know whether she--or I--was a lesbian?

I felt all mixed up as I walked out of the locker room until I saw Marie
leaning up against the bleachers.  Dressed in jeans, a white blouse and a
leather jacket, she had a the look of a hunter in her eyes, and it was
obvious that I was her prey.  It was such a relief to realize that I hadn't
been imagining it.  My heart began to beat faster, but my legs slowed as I
drew nearer to her.  I was waiting for her to say something, to confirm
that she felt it, too.  The urgency of my feelings must have flashed out
from my blue-grey eyes, because right then Marie spoke.

"Hey, how would you like to come over to my place for a drink?" she said
with the same sultry tone in her voice I had heard earlier in the locker
room.

It was a classic pick up line, but I didn't care.  I was struggling to keep
my composure.  My mouth was suddenly dry.  I was about to cross the
Rubicon.  Kissing high school girls on the sly was one thing, but this was
the real thing.  There was no doubt in my mind that if I went home with
her, Marie would be in my pants before morning.  As if to confirm it, my
pussy began to tingle.  And that's all I needed to feel to know that this
was right--I wanted this woman.

"Yeah, that sounds like fun," I managed to reply, and we left the gym together.



Marie's apartment was just a couple of blocks away.  I felt comfortable as
soon as we got inside.  Tastefully furnished in leather, wood and lace, the
room spoke of a mature person who was obviously her own woman.  Marie
switched on the stereo and soft music welled out of the speakers.  "Make
yourself at home," she said, as she kicked off her shoes and pulled off her
jacket.

"This is a nice place, Marie," I said, removing my shoes too.  "You've got
great taste."

She looked at me and paused.  "I bet you do, too," she said with a
seductive smile.

"Great taste," I thought, suddenly getting it.  It was an outrageous,
bawdy, sexy thing to say--she was talking about tasting my cunt!  I felt a
little funny about her being so direct, but the tingling in my pussy
started up again and I knew that I really wanted Marie to do it to me.
Heck, if she got me drunk enough, I'd probably eat her out, too!

As if she could read my thoughts, Marie asked, "How about a little wine?"

I nodded and she disappeared into the kitchen, returning with a couple
glasses of chablis.  We sat down on the loveseat, a little distance apart,
and I took a deep sip of my wine.  It was strong, sweet, and I knew that I
might end up drinking a lot of it.  Looking over the rim of my glass, I
caught Marie looking at me.  We smiled, and she broke the ice.

"I guess you can tell that I'm attracted to you, Joanie," she said, with a
tremble in her voice.  "I hope you don't mind."  There was her vulnerable
side again, the tender eyes pleading for her affection to be reciprocated.

"I don't mind at all, Marie," I said, setting my glass down on the coffee
table and moving a bit closer to her.  "In fact, it's flattering."

Marie smiled, and shifted a bit closer to me.  I felt like we were like two
animals of the jungle, testing each other's territory.  I took another deep
draught of my wine as Marie did the same.  Her foot  reached out and
touched mine with a soft caress.  The contact with her body sent a thrill
through me.  I  returned the favor by placing my hand on her knee.  We
shared a conspiratorial smile and drained our glasses.

"I hate to interrupt this, but how about some more?" Marie asked, picking
up my glass.

"Mmmm, sounds great," I purred.  "But don't be away too long!"

Obviously pleased that my temperature was rising, Marie dashed to the
kitchen and was back in a moment with two full glasses.  She handed one to
me and sat down, much closer this time.  The wine was already starting to
take effect, and I snuggled up next to her to make sure she knew I was
ready and raring to go.

"Here's to the start of a great relationship," Marie said, holding up her
glass.  I reached forward and curled my arm around hers, bringing my glass
back to my lips in the classic lovers' toast.  My romantic move seemed to
catch Marie a bit by surprise, but she responded happily.  We drank deeply
as we looked into each other's eyes.  My heart began to beat harder.

Almost in a spell, Marie and I set our glasses down on the coffee table
simultaneously.  Our faces were now just inches apart.  It was the moment
of truth.  My eyes began to close as she reached out to touch my hair and
gently drew me toward her.  Our lips met in a sensuous kiss.  It didn't
take long for our mouths to open and Marie pushed her toungue through to
lick mine.  What a lezzie feeling ran through me!  It was so exciting to be
kissing this beautiful woman.  Our wet mouths slid together and we frenched
back and forth.

Although Marie had taken the lead earlier, now I made a move on her.  I ran
my hands up along her sides and on to the front of her blouse.  My palms
cupped beneath her bra's curving round fullness.  Marie must have enjoyed
it because she pushed her chest out toward me and her kisses grew more
urgent.  I enjoyed touching her like this, too. It was a real turn on.
Caressing one tit with one hand, I unbuttoned her blouse with the other.
Soon her shirt was hanging loosely open and my hands were inside.  She had
on a lacy bra, and I held her breasts through the soft material.

Now Marie began to explore my boobs.  Her hands moved over the mounds
rising from beneath my sweater, but I could tell she wanted a more direct
contact.  We broke our kiss and I leaned back a bit to pull off my sweater
while she finished removing her own blouse.  Smiling knowingly at each
other, we each reached back, undid our snaps and slid our bras off.  Now we
were topless.

"Oh, you've got beautiful tits, Joanie," Marie said.  Her admiring stare
made me proud and happy, and I pushed my chest forward a bit so my big
breasts would jut out further.

"You've got a very pretty pair yourself," I said, returning the complement.
It was no lie.  Marie's firm tits stood up well--probably because she was
such an athelete.  Her large red nipples had become quite aroused with our
foreplay.  I reached out to touch them.  It was a strange new feeling to
hold another woman's firm nipples in my fingers.  At the same time, Marie
was caressing my own tits.  We smiled as we held each other in this gay way
and we began to kiss again.

With her palms over my tits, Marie gently pushed me backwards on the couch,
easing me into a recline as our toungues dueled lovingly.  I didn't resist
her.  Instead, I pulled her down on top of me and held her body close to
mine.  Our boobs pressed together.  Her hard nipples felt like warm knobs
thrusting against my flesh.  I was now in a prone position and I spread my
legs out on the cushions.  Marie slid her knee into the hot gap between my
thighs.  In an uncontrollable impulse, I reached up, grabbed on to her butt
and began to grind my twat back and forth against her upper leg.  The
coarse material of her jeans rubbing against my slacks felt great.

"Uhhnnn...Ohhhh," I moaned as the heat from our frisky friction added to
the flames of my own inner fire.

"You like that, baby?  Huh?," whispered Marie as she humped me with her
thigh, grasping my ass with her hands.

"Oh, Yeah," I gasped.  "Keep it up!"  I held on to her buns even more
tightly and I raised my knee up to rub my thigh between her legs so her
cunt would feel good, too.  Soon we were rocking in rhythm--breathing hard
and moaning.  Marie panted in my ear, which turned me on even more.  Her
fragrant long hair felt good against my chest and shoulders.  I began to
kiss and lick her ear and I must have hit a hot spot because she shuddered
and her thighs gripped against my leg.

"Oh, wow, baby!  Oh!  Oh!," Marie cried.  She lifted herself up on her
forearms, breasts hanging down on mine.  "That's too much, I can't handle
it!"

"Mmmm.  Looks like I have a secret weapon," I giggled.  We smiled at each
other and paused.  I puckered my lips impishly and she bussed me with a
quick kiss.  There was such a close feeling between us now.  The urgency of
our lust was giving way to more tender feelings.  No need to rush this, I
thought, as our lips came together again.  There was no reason we couldn't
be girlfriends for a long time to come...



Marie didn't have to ask twice.  I was happy to stay the night.  We got up
and she showed me around her apartment.  It wasn't big, but it was quite
clean and nicely furnished.  In addition to the living room, there was a
homey kitchen, a colorful breakfast nook, a bathroom with a large shower
and tub, and the bedroom--where I knew we'd soon be frolicking.  I felt at
home.

We got another refill of chablis.  As Marie poured the wine, I sidled up
behind her and reached around to touch her tits--even as I pressed my own
against her bare back.  Marie purred with pleasure and leaned back slightly
against me to enhance the contact of my breasts.  Sliding my hands down
over her naked belly, I undid the button of her jeans and pulled the zipper
down.

"You ready for that, baby?" she asked.

Suddenly I wondered.  Was I ready?  I had never gone this far with a woman
before.  But with Marie everything was so easy.  I knew I really wanted
her--was I ready to be a full-blown lesbian, though?  Was I ready to stick
my toungue in her pussy?  I paused, and my hands drew back.

Marie must have sensed what was going on in my mind.  She set the wine
glasses down on the counter and turned to face me.  Her expression was
tender but her eyes held an inner strength.

"Joanie," she asked, "Is this your first time?"

I nodded, lowering my eyes in embarrassment.  I also felt a bit scared and
I knew she could tell.

"Then let's make it a real special time, huh?" she said, lifting up my chin
gently to look me in the eye.  Marie's words were both soothing and
inviting.    "I don't want you to do anything you don't feel comfortable
with.  I just want to hug you, and hold you, and show you how much I care
about you."

I felt so comforted.  I knew I could trust her.  My eyes grew misty, and
feelings of affection for my new lover welled up inside me.  Marie pulled
me close again and began to kiss me lightly on the cheek, forehead, and
neck.  Soon she had drawn me back from my sudden burst of fear of the
unknown, and I began to recall how hot for her I had been just a moment
ago.  Each kiss reminded me more and more of my lusty desire on the couch,
until I felt my pussy tingling again.  I brought my lips down upon Marie's
and kissed her passionately.

"I'm OK, now," I said.  "Thanks."  As if to prove it, I ran my hand down
into her pants, parting her zipper to touch her panties.  I pushed down
further until I could feel her bush through the soft cotton material.  Yes,
I'm ready to be a lesbian, I thought to myself.  Tonight...  Now.

Marie smiled.  "Let's take these drinks where we can be more comfortable."
There was no question where that was going to be: her bedroom.



We held hands as we walked through her apartment.  As she closed the
bedroom door behind us I looked over to see the two of us reflected in a
full-length mirror on her wall.  Marie smiled as she saw me gazing at our
topless images.  She drew up next to me, kissed me on the cheek, and let
her tits touch mine as she ran her hand around my waist.  It was a sexy
scene.

"Like what you see?" she breathed into my ear.  I nodded.  "Then watch
this," Marie said.  She took my glass and set it next to hers on her
dresser.  Turning back to face me, she smoothed my blond curls away from my
face and ran her hands to the back of my neck.  "Keep watching the mirror,"
she said.  "Watch what I do."

Like a voyeur, I stared at Marie's reflection as she began to kiss me,
first on my cheek, then down along my neck, working her way down over my
shoulder to my chest.  It reminded me of some of the lez scenes I had seen
on adult video, but this was so different because I was the "star" of this
show and I could feel each tender kiss, each loving caress that Marie gave
me.  The sensation of her touch was distracting, though, and I had to look
down at Marie when her lips descended to my breasts.

"Keep watching the mirror!" she whispered mischeiviously.  I complied, and
I had to admit the reflection of this lovely woman's face licking, kissing
and holding my big round tits, accompanied by the sensuous feelings she
elicited from me with her lips and hands began to arouse me deeply.  The
smoldering embers that had lain dormant since our interlude on the couch
started to glow red again.  I felt the tingling down inside my panties once
more as she sucked my stiffening nipples one by one.

"Oooohhh....," I moaned.  It was odd watching myself in the mirror getting
turned on like this, but it was fun, too.  Kind of like being a model again
and showing off for the camera.

Marie continued to massage my tits and nipples softly with her hands while
she let her lips drop down further--working her way kiss by kiss over my
belly down toward my pants.  Outrageous lusty sensations pulsed down into
my pussy from each spot where she laid her lips.  I closed my eyes so I
could just feel her loving me for a while as she unbuttoned my slacks,
kissing me all over the area around my now-burning crotch.

"Let's get these off of you," Marie said, grasping the top of my pants in
her hands as she kneeled in from of me.

"Oh yeah, baby... Go for it!"  I was really excited now and I wriggled my
hips to help while she tugged my slacks and panties off in one motion.  She
guided me backwards onto the bed and I laid back as she pulled my clothes
completely off and tossed them aside onto the floor.  Instinctively, I
raised my knees, pulled my feet back toward my ass and spread my thighs
open.  All I wanted now was my lover's toungue in my hot spot and I held my
hands out to her, urging her in.

No more invitation was necessary.  Marie grasped my legs and began to kiss
her way down the inside of my thighs.  It felt so good I almost couldn't
stand it.  As she worked her way down to my cunt, I took her head into my
hands and ran my fingers through her soft hair.  It felt so good to have a
woman kissing down between my legs... .  Almost too good: once Marie's
lapping toungue reached my tush I had to grasp her head firmly to keep from
bucking my hips against her face.

"Oh!--Oh!--Oh!," I gasped out loud as Marie's wet toungue slipped in
between the lips of my vagina and began to lick up, down and around my
clitoris.  It was almost unbearable.  I had never felt such incredibly hot
sensations in my cunt before.  Burning fire shot through my whole body.

"Oh, yeah... Baby!" I yelled.  I didn't care who heard me.  This was it.  I
was experiencing lesbian love and it was better than I had ever imagined.
Her face buried in my pussy, Marie began to lick me even harder,
concentrating on my clit.  Round and round she licked it--it seemed she was
riding the waves of my lust, building me up to a pounding climax.  I felt
it coming like a rush of lava--pulsing and pushing out from deep within me.
For an ecstatic moment, I went rigid until my hot love finally erupted.  I
shuddered and pulled Marie's face tight against my twat.  Her hungry
toungue went wild, lapping up the cream from my orgasm that was now all
over both of us.

 I don't know how long I laid there, soaking up the afterglow, but
eventually Marie climbed up on the bed next to me and bent over to kiss me
on the lips.  Her face was sopping with my love juices.  I hugged her with
all the energy my limp arms could muster.  She thrust her toungue, which
had just licked my pussy, into my mouth.  I didn't mind the taste at all...
and that intrigued me.  I found myself wondering what Marie's cunt might
taste like.  The thought of it--and my lover's kisses--engergized me; but I
was still a little cautious about eating her out.

Marie's pants were still on, so I couldn't just plunge my head down there,
anyway.  And I knew she didn't want to push me any faster than I wanted to
go.  But just knowing that she was sensitive to my lesbian virginity made
me feel all the more love toward my lady.  I wanted to give her the same
wonderful sensations that she had just given to me.  This wasn't just a
sexual thing anymore.  A true bond of affection was growing between us.

I started working my hand down inside her undies as we kissed.  I cupped my
hand over the nice bush of hair my probing fingers discovered.  It felt
good to hold another woman like this, because I could imagine how it must
feel.  She was hot and wet down there, too.  I dipped my index finger
inside her pussy and ran it up to her clitoris.  It was big and firm, and
Marie's body stiffened as I rubbed my fingertip up and down its length.

"Oh..., Darling...," she moaned, breaking our kiss.

"Does that feel good?" I asked, stroking her clit as I looked lovingly into
her eyes.

"Yes... So, good... ."  Marie had a deep, faraway look.  I felt like I was
touching her very essence.  I could feel the electric energy of her lust;
and I instinctively knew what to do to bring her off.  Up and down, round
and round, I circled her clit with my finger as her ass began to rock in
rhythm with my hand.  I brought my other arm around her neck and pulled her
lips to mine.  As we kissed, I rolled her back onto the bed, pressing my
tits down against hers.  Now I was in charge--I was playing the butch--and
it felt good.

It felt good to have a beautiful woman like Marie laying beneath me, prone
and vulnerable.  An unfamiliar sensation of masculinity rushed through me
as I realized she was totally under my control.  I gripped Marie's head
tightly, ramming my toungue in and out of her mouth like a piston.  At the
same time, I finger-fucked her twat as if my hand was a cock.  I was the
agressor, and Marie yeilded to me fully.  She humped faster and faster
against my hand.  I knew that I would soon bring this lovely woman to a
climax.  It was a sexy, powerful feeling.

Suddenly, though, I knew I wanted something more. Pulling away from Marie,
I sat back on my haunches.  My lover gave a little cry of dismay and held
out her hands, pleading for me to continue.

"Time for these to come off!" I said happily, and crawled over to begin
pulling down her pants.  Marie lifted up her butt to help me.  There was a
look of relief on her face.  Soon I had stripped her bare, and I paused for
a moment to admire her shapely form.  Something about the sight of this
naked woman laying on the bed, waiting for my love, aroused strange
Amazonian feelings deep inside of me.  I wasn't afraid at all of what was
coming next.  I wanted a woman like never before.

 Pushing her ankles back toward her ass, I spread Marie's upraised knees
wide apart.  The sight of her waiting pussy drew me like a magnet; but I
resisted the pull long enough to kiss my way down along the inside her
thighs, just as Marie had done for me.  I could tell by the trembling of
her legs that she was feeling the same ecstatic sensations I had
experienced earlier.  As I got closer to her snatch, the sweet, musky aroma
of her perfume surrounded me.  The spicy scent of her wet cunt only added
to the allure.

Finally, I reached her pussy.  It was drenched.  Without hesitation, I
stuck out my toungue and pushed it in between the lips of her vagina.  Much
to my surprise, it tasted wonderful!  All my past worries about eating out
another woman melted away.  Suddenly, I felt totally free to make love to
my Marie.  I opened my mouth wide and placed it firmly over her whole hot,
wet pussy--plunging my toungue deep into her cunt hole.

"Oh, fuck me--lick me--suck me, baby!" Marie squealed.

I must be doing something right, I figured, so I tensed my toungue and
twirled it round in her cunt like a love shaft.  Marie rolled her hips with
pleasure at my each probing movement.  Then I pulled out of her hole and
licked up along her slit to her firm clitoris, nuzzling my nose on her
hairy bush.  Pulses of electric lust shot out from her clit through my
toungue.  I could really feel her energy--we had a direct connection.  Her
body shuddered with each lezzy lick.  And I licked and teased and kissed
her twat until I could tell that I had Marie on the cusp of a climax.

I slid my lips right over her clitoris and sucked it into my mouth.  My
toungue went wild, loving her innermost womanhood.  It won't be long now, I
thought--and I was right.  Just then, Marie stiffened.  Her breath
shortened to little pants and gasps.

"Oh--Oh--Oh..." Marie was at the point of release.   "Aaaahhhhhhh!!!" she
cried, as her orgasm finally erupted.  Now her juices began to flow freely,
all over my mouth and face.  I licked her wetness up joyfully, thrilled
that I had made my lover cum.

Marie...my first girl, I thought, as I rose up from her waist to embrace
her in my arms.  I felt like a conquerer as I held her.  She was exhausted.
I kissed her gently, rolled her onto her side, and cradled her in my arms.
So this is what it's like to be a lesbian, I thought.  It was great.  Why
had I waited so long?



The next morning, I awoke in Marie's bed, entwined in her arms.  For a
moment, I wondered where I was, but I soon remembered what had happened the
night before.  A brief flash of embarrassment ran through me, but I shook
it away.  I knew now that I was bisexual, and I felt a strange pride and a
sense of freedom.  Sure, I could fuck a man if I wanted to, but I was
loving another woman right now.  I softly brushed a few strands of Marie's
long brown hair away from her beautiful face and planted a kiss on her
forehead.  I like this lady, I thought to myself; and it felt good to admit
that I liked being a lesbian, too.

As I gazed upon my lady lover, she opened her eyes and smiled.  "Hi,
sweetheart," said Marie.

"Hi."  There was such a tender feeling between us as we softly caressed and
looked into each others eyes.

Marie offered her lips up toward me and I kissed her lovingly.  Our tits
were touching and it felt strange but wonderful.

"Hey, how about a little breakfast and a shower?" she asked.

"Yeah.  That sounds just about right," I answered.


--