Archive-name: job-interview

     It was nearing graduation and soon Rick would have his engineering
degree.  He was deep in the job search trying to find something,
anything, in todays poor economy.  He thought he was a resonably good
candidate for a job as he had fairly good grades, some experience, was
willing to relocate, and had nothing tying him down.  He did not even
have a girlfriend.  With all the studying he had to do for engineering
he never had time to date which meant he also had never gotten laid.  He
had not even made out with any girls in a long time.  The girls where
certainly interested enough in him but he just did not have the time for
them.  As the semester was coming to a close the pressures were
lightening up on him and he was beginning to take more notice of the
girls on campus.  He would notice girls in class in shorts or short
skirts and fantasize about them in bed at night while jerking off.
Since he had no experience he did not know how to talk to the girls to
get a date.
     He was waiting for his interview with some dinky little company he
had never heard of.  The wait outside the interview office always made
him nervous and uncomfortable.  Finally the door opened and the
interviewer came out to greet him.  He was a little surprised.  Untill
now all his interviewers had been stuffy old men and women in bland navy
blue suits and no realy distinguishing features.  This interviewer was a
little different.  She was in her mid to late forties but looked pretty
hot for her age and Chuck had been fantasizing about doing it with an
older lady lately.  She had on thin white blouse, a blue mini skirt,
white ankle length tights and blue pumps.  She had beutiful long red
hair, fair skin and Chuck could see a considerable amount of soft brown
freckles down her neckline towards her chest inside her blouse.
     "This is not what I was expecting, I don't think a massive hard on
would be a good first impression here!"  Chuck thought.  The interviewer
introduced herself and told Chuck to come in and have a seat.  The
interviewer sat across the desk from him and Chuck figured he was saved
as he could not see most of here body because of the desk.  The
interview started off ok but things started getting tougher for Chuck.
not only were the questiones getting more difficult and more personal but
the interviewer leaned back in her chair, kicked her shoes off and put
one leg up on the desk.  "Oh great, now she's flashing her legs at me...
I'll jusy count the wrinkles on her face, that will save me.... Hmmmm no
wrinkles, I'll count freckles."  
     As his freckle counting moved on down her neck the interviewer
reached up and scratched her shoulder causing her blouse to shift just
enough for Chcuk to get a clear view straight down the cleveage between
two rather large tits.  Chuck was starting to sweat and looked away
quickly.  As his gaze returned to the interviewer to answer the next
question he saw that her skirt had ridden up and he was getting a
perfect crotch shot right between her legs and to make matters worse
there was a wet spot on her white tights right between her legs.
     Chuck froze, words failed him.  The interviewr looked at him for a
minute then relaized his attention was on something else.  She looked
down and saw that his eyes were pinned on the wet spot in her crotch.
She looked at him for a second and as thoughts slipped through her mind
the wet spot began to grow.  It turned her on tremendously to realize
that this young college kid was getting hot over her.  She looked at
Chuck and pretended not to notice what he was staring at.  Instead she
said to him "It's awful hot in here and we have much more to discuss,
why don't you take off your jacket and tie and make yourself more
comfortable.  Chuck complied and she watched with pleasure as he removed
his jacket and his tie.  As he turned around to place his jacket on his
chair she took a good look at his ass and she liked what she saw.  As
Chuck sat down he noticed that the wet spot had gotten a lot wetter and
a lot larger.  He licked his lips in nervousness.  At that point the
interviewer decided what she would do.  She had never even considered
such a thing before but she was going to seduce this boy right here in
this office.
     She spread her legs as much as she could and then said "Do you like
what you see?"  Chuck looked up and thought "oh shit, the jigs up, this
job is history."  "Maybe I can make this easier for you." she said as
she stood up.  She walked around the desk till she was right in front of
him.  She reached up under skirt, grabbed her tights and pulled them
down and off.  She sat on the edge of the desk and pulled her skirt up
to her waist spreading her legs.  Chuck looked down at the first bare
pussy he had ever seen.  He had never even bought a dirty magazine in
his life. She took his hand and placed it on her mound.  He could not
believe this was happening but he could not resist it either.  He bagan
probing his finger around her hairy red pussy till he found her opening.
He slid his finger all the way in her wet hole and slid it in and out a
few times.  "would you like to eat me?"  she asked.  "well, um, I uh, I
mean I never, um..." he tried to respond.  "you mean you've never eaten
a girl before?"  she asked.  he looked at her a little embarassed for a
second and she realized "you've never done it at all have you?" she
asked.  "Well, no"  he said.  "well I will just have to teach you she
answered.     
     She pressed his head gently down till his mouth was on her pussy.
He kissed it once, then licked it.  It was a little musky but the taste
was better than he expected.  He bagan probing deeper and deeper with
his tongue until he tasted her jiuces dripping into his mouth.  She
moaned and wiggled on the desk for a while holding his head against her
crotch.
     After a few minutes she stood back up, dropped her skirt, removed
her shirt and bra and stood before him totaly naked.  Chuck took in the
view for a minute and then she pressed her tits to his face.  He grabbed
hold of them and felt them and started licking and sucking the nipples.
She reached down and unbuttoned his shirt.  She tugged it off of him and
then pulled him up standing.  She undid his pants and pulled his pants
and underpants down and off in one quick motion.  His shoes popped off
with the tugg of the pants and she pulled the socks off.  Now they were
both naked.  She pushed him down in the chair and then realized that it
would be a good idea to lock the door.  She reached over him and locked
it.  Then she knealt down in front of him.  "Now it's your turn"  she
said with a smile.
     She took his dick in her hand, stuck her tongue out and swirled her
tongue all around the tip of his dick.  Then she ran her tongue up and
down his shaft.  She saw a drop of precum on his tip and she touched her
Tongue to it licking it up.  She opened her mouth and slid his dick all
the way.  She began sucking, sliding his dick in and out of her mouth
letting him fuck her throat.  She took his whole dick as deep as it
would go.  It did not take long before Chuck starting squirting the
largest load she had ever tasted in her mouth.  She pulled his dick part
way our so that she capture all his come on her tongue and savor every
drop.  He filled her mouth with his hot white cream.  She looked up at
him, opened her mouth showing him all his cum in her mouth.  Then she
swirled her tongue around her mouth swishing the cum around and
swallowed it all.
     She climbed up on the chair and stradled Chuck.  She grabbed his
long pole and guided it into her pussy.  She got the tip just inside her
and held it for a second and then dropped herslef down on it in one
quick motion.  Chuck moaned in ecstasy.  She started sliding up and down
his pole and loved every millimeter of it sliding in and out of her.  It
was average length but much thicker than other dicks she had had inside
her.  She bounced in his lap and fucked him madly.  She clenched her
pussy muscles and squeezed his dick as hard as she could.  After a few
minutes she could feel him squriting deep inside her.  She had never
felt anyone squirt so hard in her before.  The heat and the squirt made
her cum as well.  She had a tremendous orgasm and her juices started
dripping down Chucks pole and onto the chair.  Chuck had blown his load
but she did not let him stop there.  She kept bouncing up and down
riding his pole.  Chuck thought his dick was going to explode she was
fucking him so hard.  She would not even give him a moment to rest.
After a minute she had him cuming in her again.  He was squirting even
harder than before and this made her cum even harder than before.  She
never new it was possible but she came so hard her juices started
squirting out of her all over Chuck and all over the chair.  She stopped
and just held his dick in her.  They hugged each other and relaxed for a
minute.  She sat there and felt his dick as it slowly softened and
shrunk.  She did not let go of it till it went totaly limp and slipped out
of her.  
    She stood up kissed Chuck long and deeply and said "I would like to
make you and offer, you are deffinetly the type of man I want working
under me!"  They got dressed and Chuck left the room with an offer in
hand.  Not only was he getting a decent job he was gonna get to ball the
boss every day as well.  Sounded good to him.
     She decided she better switch the wet chair with another one before
her next interviewee arrived.  After a few minutes there was a knock on
the door.  She opened the door and greeted Susan, the next candidate for
the job.  Susan came in, had a seat, sniffed the air and said
questioningly "It smells like fish in here?"  The interviewer smiled and
just said "So tell me Susan?  how do you feel about older women?"

            
                      The End
