I had responded to a newspaper ad looking for a office clerk.  I had
dressed nicely and I arrived promptly at 9:00.  First I had to fill
out a number of forms in the personnel department.  Then I was sent to
be interviewed by several people in the department, all of whom turned
out to be women.
 
Then I was sent back to the personnel department for another
interview. I felt things were going pretty good, but they had not
really indicated anything yet, so I was still trying hard to please.
 
This last interviewer was a very nice looking woman, dressed in a
knit, skit blue dress that hugged her ample curves.  She asked a few
more questions, then came around to my side of her desk and sat on the
corner, crossing her legs in front of me.  The bottom four buttons of
her dress were undone and as she crossed her legs, I couldn't help but
notice.
 
"We like to keep a nice, friendly shop around here, Jim" she told me.
I have a few questions that I hope you don't mind answering.  But if
you feel uncomfortable with any of the questions, just tell me you'd
rather not discuss it, okay?"
 
"Okay", I responded.
 
"You'll be working quite close with some of our people, especially
some of our women.  How do you feel about that?"
 
"That's fine with me" I replied.
 
"Sometimes there are lots of stress in this job and people loosen up a
lot around here.  How do you feel about that?"
 
"Oh, that's fine, I understand."
 
"What would you do if you felt a special attractiveness to one of our
employees?" she asked as she shifted her legs, placing them next to
each other and teasing me with the expanse of legs disappearing
finally between the opening of her dress.
 
"Well, I try to keep personal things out of the office" I responded
with what I assumed was a required answer.
 
"What would you do if you boss, a woman, indicated that she wanted
some personal service from you?" she asked as she moved her legs
around, distracting me.  I was sure it was my imagination, but it sure
seemed like she was deliberately teasing me.
 
"Well, I'd do my best to do whatever the job required."
 
"I see.  What if the manager indicated that she required some very
personal services?"  At this point, she was undoing additional
buttons, revealing her body, one button at a time.
 
This woman definitely was testing me.  But I wasn't sure if I was
supposed to refuse, or comply.  Either way I could blow the job.
 
"Well, if she was very clear about what she wanted, I be happy to do
whatever she wanted" I said.  "But I'd want to make sure that I wasn't
misunderstanding."
 
"I see," she said, sliding off the desk, he dress covering her.  "Is
this clear enough of an indication?" she said as she pushed her
panties off and sat back on the edge of the desk, spreading her legs.
"You talk good, what else can your mouth do?" she asked.
 
My cock was straining in my pants.  My breathing was labored.  I
wanted this job, but I figured that whatever I did could lose the job
for me.  Was this a setup?
 
"It can do lots of interesting things" I heard my voice respond.
 
"Show me" she said, spreading her legs wide in invitation.
 
I knelt down in front of her and kissed her thighs.  I felt her hands
reach behind my head and pull my mouth to her pussy.  My mouth opened
as I covered her hairy pussy.  My lower lip covered her slit and
sucked on it.  I heard her moan softly.  My tongue reached out and
parted her labia, reaching inside to slide along her clit until it
reached her vagina.
 
Her legs clamped tight around my head.  I felt her spiked heels dig
into my back.  My mouth worked all over her sex.  My ears were blocked
by her legs from hearing, but from her movements I knew that she was
cumming fast.   I slipped my tongue inside her, in and out, tongue
fucking her pussy.  I could taste her wetness.
 
Finally, she shuddered and then relaxed her hold on me.  I eased off,
gently kissing her until she removed her legs from around my head.
 
I stood up in front of her, my cock still straining painfully in my
pants. I hoped that she would return the pleasure.
 
She took a few moments to compose herself while I watched.
 
Finally, she opened her eyes, looked at me and smiled.  Then she
rebuttoned her dress and slid off the desk.  She was suddenly all back
to business.  My cock still strained, but she didn't seem to notice or
care.
 
"Well, I think that takes care of the interviewing for today.  You
will be hearing from us if we decide to hire you." she concluded.
 
"Damn, I'll never hear from them" I thought as I walked out with
difficulty.  "She knew I wasn't going to get hired, so she just took
advantage of me for a free ride.  Didn't even touch me in return, the
un-fucking bitch!"
 
Later, as I depressedly entered my apartment, the phone was ringing.
It was a secretary asking if I could come in first thing in the
morning for a pre-employment medical check.  Wow! Maybe I did have a
chance at the job!  I agreed to be there first thing.
 
The next morning I arrived promptly and was issued into the medical
department.  After filling out some forms, I was taken to a small room
and told to undress completely, then to go to the next room and put on
an exam gown.  I did as directed, except that the supply cabinet in
the room was locked.  And the door to the room with my
clothes had locked behind me.
 
I stood there several minutes, naked.  The room was empty except for
the cabinet.  After a few minutes, there was a knock and the door
immediately opened.  A cute little nurse entered.  For a nurse's
uniform, she was sure dressed sexy.  The uniform fit her like a glove,
accentuating her ample curves.  The hemline was halfway up her leg.
 
She stopped, looked me over carefully.  I could feel her eyes on my
cock.
 
"I'm sorry" I mumbled, "the cabinet is locked and so is the door back
to where my clothes are.  I was told to undress in there and then come
here and get a gown."
 
She tried the cabinet.  "Well, its locked and I don't have a key.  The
other room locks automatically so that your stuff is safe.  I'm sure
you won't mind doing without the gown, will you?  They are pretty
useless anyway."
 
"No, sure, its okay" I agreed hesitatingly.
 
She had a clipboard and began asking questions.  Mostly of a general
health nature.  Then she started asking about sex partners, vd, how
often I had sex, with whom, the most recent intercourse, the last time
I masturbated, and so on.  My cock was getting hard.  Did I like to
have my cock sucked, did I like to go down on a woman, etc.  By now, I
had a full erection.  She knew it too.
 
Then she pulled on rubber gloves and squatted down in front of me.
Her dress rode up and I could see the red panties that covered her
pussy.
 
She reached out with the rubber gloved hands and began to inspect my
cock and balls.  She was rough with my balls and squeezed hard on my
cock.  It felt good.  I closed my eyes.  I felt a different sensation
and looked down just as she leaned forward and kissed the tip of my
cock, licking off the precum which had leaked out.
 
"Looks okay to me" she said.  "Nice equipment.  Maybe I'll need to
schedule you in for more extensive tests, though."  I was just about
ready to attack her.  I was having a hard time being used and then
left hard and hanging.
 
"Now turn around, spread your legs and bend over."  I felt something
cold and greasy around my anus, and then her gloved finger entered
inside me.  I've had anal exams before, but never like this one.  She
kept twisting her finger around inside me.  I felt a new kind of
pressure, like I had to pee, building up inside me.  My cock was rock
hard.  Suddenly, I felt my muscles involuntarily tighten.  Just then
there was a knock on the door and she pulled her finger out.  God!
What a cock tease!
 
"Yes?" she called out.  The door opened and another nurse came in.
"Are you about done?  We need this room."  The new nurse was older and
buxom.  I could feel her eyes all over my nakedness.
 
"Well, we are not done, but I guess we can move to another room" my
nurse responded.
 
"Come on, she told me, taking my hand and leading me out the door.  We
will continue down the hall."
 
We went down the hall into the waiting room area!  I was still naked
with a big (and horny) hardon!
 
"Wait here till I find out what's open" she said as she walked off.  I
could feel the eyes of everyone in the waiting room peering at me
surreptisiously.  There were several other applicants sitting there
along with a woman in a gown that just barely covered her hips.  She
looked at me, smiled and shifted.  As she did, I saw some brown hair
peek out beneath the gown.  I smiled back, although it was difficult
feeling like I was on public display.
 
My nurse came back.  "Damn," she said.  "All the rooms are full.
You'll just have to wait here.  Hope you don't mind."
 
I gulped and mumbled "no, that's okay." There wasn't even a chair
available to sit on and try to hide my cock.
 
"Good" she said.  She reached up on a shelf and handed me a plastic
cup.  "I need a specimen".
 
"Where?" I asked.
 
"In the cup!" she responded.
 
"I mean, where can I do it?"
 
"I told you there are no rooms available at the moment.  You can just
do it here." she said as she walked off again.
 
I lowered the cup and held my cock into it.  I tried to pee.  I
couldn't I tried harder.  I knew everyone was watching me.  I couldn't
believe that this was real!
 
Finally, I started to pee.  Then I couldn't stop!  The liquid
approached the top.  Finally, I was able to stop just at it reached
the brim.  "Now what?" I wondered as I stood there in front of
everybody, holding the specimen.
 
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the nurse returned.  She
took the sample without a word and handed me another cup.  "We need a
sperm sample" she said.
 
"Here?" I asked.
 
"Yes" was her terse reply.  "You do know how to masturbate, don't
you?  If you _need help_, there are some magazines in that cabinet."
she said loudly as she walked off.
 
I stood there for a while.  Finally, I reached down and began to
massage my cock.  It wasn't working, it was getting soft on me!
 
I tried harder.  I couldn't get it up!  I felt like an idiot standing
here, playing with my cock in front of these people and I couldn't
even keep an erection!
 
She came back in a few minutes, looked at the cup, looked at my cock
and smiled.  She reached into the cabinet, took out a magazine and
handed it too me.  "Try this" she said.
 
I opened the magazine.  There were pictures of men and women tied up,
their genitles exposed.  The men all had big hardons.  My cock was
getting hard, like the pictures.  I kept pumping, but I wasn't
approaching a climax.
 
"Would you like some help?" a soft voice asked.  It was the girl in
the gown.  "I've been watching you. I hope you don't mind, but I
couldn't help it.  You've turned my on, I'm very hot and I'd love to
make you cum."
 
"Yes, please" I pleaded.  She smiled and reached down and took my cock
into her hand.   It felt good!  "Do you mind if I see it close up?"
she wispered as she squatted down in front of me.  Her hand jerked my
cock back and forth in front of her face.   She saw me watching her.
Her tongue came out and she licked the head.  All of a sudden, I lost
it and my cum spurted out at her.  The specimen cup was forgotten.
 
"Oh, I'm sorry!" I apologied.  "I lost control." I was humiliated at
my mistake.
 
"Oh, no! Don't be sorry.  I love it!" she said as she licked around
her lips.  She then took the cup and slid the lip up her right cheek,
collecting some of the cum off of her face.  She left a big gob on her
other cheek.  She reached up and rubbed the cum over her cheeks.
"Supposed to be good for my complexion" she explained.  "I don't know
if its true, but I like the idea" she smile.
 
"Thank you" I told her.
 
"Here" she handed me the cup.  I hope this will be enough.
 
She went back to her seat, but took the magazine with her.  She didn't
cross her legs this time, but sat with the magazine in her lap and a
hand underneath it, her knees apart a good distance.
 
The nurse came back and took the sample without comment.
 
Just then, I felt a soft hand slide down my back to my ass.  "How's my
boy doing?" a female voice asked.
 
"Oh just fine," the nurse responded.  "We are almost done here. You
can look over the report if you'd like." She handed the clipboard to
the newcomer.
 
The newcomer introduced herself as Diane Maddox, the department
manager I'd be working for _if I got the job_.  She scanned the sheet.
"Everything looks pretty good here, I guess.  I see it reports that you
have a pretty good tongue.  That's good!"
 
My god!  Don't tell me that the incident with the personnel clerk was
on there too!
 
She looked me over, head to toe, and then came back up to my cock.  "I
expected somewhat better qualifications" she said, looking at my
shrunken cock.
 
"Oh, he just finished the sperm sample.  Had trouble with it though.
We are ready to start the response test and finish up with
measurements, if you'd like to watch" the nurse responded.
 
"Sure, I always enjoy those!" Diane responded.
 
I was led into a small room with a high padded bench in it.  I was
told to lay down on the bench.  A VCR tape began.  It was a porno tape
of a variety of different kinky scenes.
 
"The purpose of this test is to find out what your sexual interests
are.  We will watch your cock respond to what you enjoy the best.
Don't try to hide what you really feel, it won't work.  Feel free to
play with yourself whenever you want.
 
"An additional part is to see how long it takes you to get hard again
after your recent orgasm, and to time how long it takes you to cum
again.  The quicker you cum, the better."
 
By this time, the tape was showing two girls undressing each other.
The were very pretty.  As their boobs were uncovered, I discovered
that my hand was on my cock and I was getting hard.  Then it switched
to a bondage scene where a guy was tied down to a table, one rope tied
tight around his cock and balls.  His head wasn't visible, it was
hidden under the skirt of a woman kneeling above him.  She had her
hand inside her blouse, playing with her tits.  I felt the cum
swelling inside me as I was about to explode.  I heard a low moan
alongside me and looked over just as Diane climaxed from her hand
under her upraised skirt.  Just then my cock twitched and the cum shot
out.  Apparently both Diane and I were turned on by the same scenes.
That could be a good omen!
 
As soon as I came, the nurse took my cock and measured it while it was
still hard.  "Are his qualifications better now, Ms. Maddox?" she asked.
 
"Yes," was the response.  "Very much so."
 
The nurse started to bend over me, but Diane interupted.  "I'll do
that" she said.  She bent over and licked the cum on my belly.  "Yes,
you can record that he passed the taste test."
 
"Okay" the nurse noted as she finished the report.
 
Diane took the clipboard, scanned it and smiled at me.
"Congratulations, you are hired as my personal assistant.  You can
start as soon as you get your clothes and report up to my office, okay."
 
"Yes ma'am" I answered.  "Thank you."
 
She turned and walked out.
