Archive-name: Amazon/jog.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Home from College


        I noticed her walking by the house for several days; I hadn't 
seen her before.  One day she and a friend were walking carrying a large 
float in the shape of a crayon.  I yelled out to them, " I'd like to see 
the coloring book.  I guess you all would need a man to carry it."  They 
walked over to the yard and I could see the flex of leg muscles as they 
approached.  When they got up to me they both smiled and Susan said, "No, 
we are both extremely strong.  In fact we carry the heavy stuff for our 
boy friends."  I sort of laughed at this; I also noticed they were both 
about 5'11" or 6' tall, so I had to look up into their faces.

        I was hooked at this point and began to stammer about women and 
their being strong, etc.  Then I said, "Are you trying to tell me that 
you're strong for girls or that you are stronger than a man?"  Susan 
flexed her arm and said, "Feel this and then tell me what you think, 
little man.  "I automatically reached up and felt her rock hard arm.  I 
knew then that she was stronger than most men.  Her friend, Tammy then 
flexed hers and stuck it out for me to feel.  It was just as hard as 
Susan's.  Then Susan said, "I get my musculature from my mom; she's about 
your age and has a body that just won't quit.  Her muscles are much more 
developed than ours are.  Why don't you come over and let her show you 
some real muscle.  Unless, of course, you're too ashamed."  I told them 
that I would call their bluff and walk home with them.

        The rest of the walk they would look over at me and giggle.  
They described Susan's mom to me and by the time we reached her house 
I was getting butterflies.  We walked in the house and went out into 
the back yard.  Susan's mom was laying on a chaise lounge.  They had 
me wait at the door as Susan and Tammy went over and talked with her.  
After a few minutes, I heard all three of them laugh and then Susan's 
mom stood up.  She was beautiful and built like a goddess.  She motioned 
me over.  As I began to walk toward her, she raised her arms up and then 
suddenly flexed her entire body.  By the time I reached her, I realized 
that I was no where near her league in the strength department.  "Want to 
feel some real muscle?  Check out the arms, feel the legs.  I'll bet I can 
crush you into oblivion.  Then Susan and Tammy can have what's left of you 
to play with."  I felt her 16 1/2" arms and then her massive thighs and we
ll cut calves.

        She wrapped her arms around my neck and crushed my face into her 
40" cleavage.  I was being suffocated and was helpless against her great 
arm strength.  Before I went out she released me.  "Get on your knees and 
tell us all that we are too strong for you.  That not only is a 42 yr old 
woman stronger than you, but also two 18 yr old women.  Or do you still 
need some convincing ? "

        I hesitated too long to suit her.  She put me into a headlock and 
walked around the yard crushing my neck.  Then she threw me to the ground 
and wrapped her long, strong legs around my neck and slowly increased the 
pressure until I was begging her to stop.  She held the pressure at this 
point and they all laughed as I thrashed around.  I submitted to her over 
and over as the girls teased me about my helplessness and the beet red 
color of my face.  "Put your hands on my legs and feel the muscles that 
are destroying you.  I'm not even using half my strength and you're 
finished.  Now tell me I'm too much woman for you, little man, and I may 
consider putting you out of your misery."  This time I didn't hesitate at 
all; and mercifully she shot a burst of power into those long legs of hers 
and I went down into unconsciousness.

        I came to several minutes later with her thighs still around my 
neck.  As I began to stir, Allison clamped down and I began to thrash 
around again.  Once again she knocked me out.  This time when I came to, 
Tammy straddled my body.  She smiled and lifted my head up between her 
thighs and squeezed me until I begged her to stop.  She let me go after 
several submissions.  Then Susan walked over and raised me to my feet 
with a handful of hair.  "Starting to get the picture?  I'm going to 
finish you off with my legs wrapped around your waist.  I call it my Boa 
Constrictor.  My boyfriend starts crying when I put this on him.  I'll 
bet you do to.  I'm going to walk over there so my mom and Tammy can 
watch; I want you to crawl on your hands and knees to me and then lay 
down between my legs."  I did as she had commanded.  Susan closed her 
legs around my back and stomach.  As I would exhale she tightened her 
grip and I felt pain like I had not experienced before.  Susan was right, 
I began to cry.  I couldn't breathe and her legs were tireless.  Susan 
would put my hand on her thigh, then flex; then she would bend over me 
and I was looking up into her huge boobs; then she would flex her arms 
as a sign of dominance.  Finally she began to snap squeeze.  I would get 
a breath and she would crush the air out of my lungs. 

        "Now you go to sleep.  This is the part I love the most.  You've 
been wiped out  by a 18 yr old's legs and you didn't have a chance to 
fight it at all."  Susan crushed her thighs together and I couldn't 
breathe.  I began to feel faint and I went 'to sleep' just as she had 
said I would.

        I came to with all three women standing over me and flexing their 
muscles.  I slowly stood up, my body aching all over and my mind reeling.  
They were all laughing and enjoying themselves.  I was beaten.

--
