Copyright © 1998,     Antoine.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





JONI'S STORY

by:  Antoine

Introduction

Finally, it was going to happen! I was going to meet Joni, the girl I'd been chatting with on the internet for months. I was flying out to Washington state to meet her, and I couldn't wait. We had gotten to know each other very well over that time. She was only 17 when we met, but now she had just turned 18. We finally agreed that we had to meet. I'm an "old guy" at 40, but Joni is a different kind of teen aged girl. She likes "older guys" .....among other things. But before I get to what we did, I think I have to give you some background on this wonderful young woman. Quite a bit of background actually. But don't worry, I'm sure this little history lesson will hold your interest.

Chapter I  Getting to know Joni.

She had described herself as 5'5 108# 34c-23-34 brown hair, brown eyes. I had fantasized about how she looked for what seemed like forever now. I am a pretty regular-looking guy, black hair, medium build, graying a bit, just your average joe, but not a dog by any means! 

Joni and I have a mutual interest in how shall I say it, "the younger set". She is bisexual and has a very strong interest in younger girls. I am not bisexual, but I too must admit a very strong interest in "the young and the hairless".

At any rate, we met though trading naughty pictures of little girls doing naughty things over the internet. We traded for a few months without any more than a few words, but finally I ventured to ask about her background. She told me that she was 17, but she was bi and liked older men too. "My dream girl" I thought. But on the internet, you have to be very careful about believing ANYBODY, let alone someone who describes themselves in this manner. It's just a fact of life that the internet is comprised mostly of dirty old pervs trying to placate their most ravenous sexual urges. Don't let anyone tell you differently. The internet is driven by smut.

So anyway, with a healthy dose of skepticism, I started our relationship. Joni told me that she was involved with a 55-year-old man named Walter in her neighborhood. She had been cleaning his pool for him since she was 14, and they had developed a long-lasting sexual relationship. She said she liked to suck Walter's fat uncircumcised dick.

However, there was another side to Joni too- she liked girls. She had a 15-year-old girlfriend named Bridgett,  she is beautiful and blond- 36D, 24-35. She said that she and Bridgett sometimes "put on little shows" for Walter and his friends. They would come over and strip for Walt and some of his buddies and do that kind of thing. 

I thought if this was really true, Walt was the luckiest man in the world. However, this wasn't nearly all of the story. One day while we were trading and chatting Joni asked if I could keep a secret. I said sure. She said that she regularly baby-sat two little girls, Stephanie and Melissa ("Sissy"). They were 12 and 10 respectively. She described them as two darling brunette cuties. Steph was just sprouting the smallest buds of breasts and just the fuzziest hint of pubic hair. Melissa was still smooth and flat, but cute as a button. Joni said that they often took showers together and that they did some "exploring" while they were in the shower. She said that she'd often wash them, concentrating on their most sensitive areas, and she'd let them wash her too. 

Joni said that she often got so turned on that she'd literally come while they were touching her. Joni is a squirter too- in case you don't already know what that is, some girls actually gush a fluid when they come. She is one of these wonderful creatures, and she's not ashamed to admit it (or do it).

Finally, Joni let me in on her biggest secret - she had actually done some things with the older girl, Steph. She said that Steph had become more and more eager to  "go exploring" whenever they took their group showers together. Still, Joni was hesitant to start anything because of all the possible repercussions. Up to this point it could all be passed off as normal curiosity; a kind of "big/little sister" thing. The girls' mom even knew that they showered together, and didn't seem to mind at all.

However, one night when Joni was staying over, Steph slipped into her bed with her. She said she'd had a bad dream and wanted to sleep with her. Joni was happy to oblige. The little 12-year-old crawled into the bed beside her and snuggled her warm, lithe body up against hers. Joni could feel Stephanie's small buds of breasts rubbing softly against her arm, and could feel Steph's short peaceful gusts of breath on her shoulder. Joni's mind went wild with the possibilities, but she restrained herself for obvious reasons.

Chapter II  Stephie's special time

Joni could hardly sleep, but finally she dozed off. Then in the early morning, she was awakened by a small hand caressing her pussy. She thought she was dreaming, but looked over, and saw that Stephie was wide awake, resting her head on Joni's shoulder and looking longingly into her eyes as she caressed Joni's quickly moistening pussy.

Joni couldn't have been more surprised, and she must have looked the part. "Don't worry," whispered Stephie, "I can keep a secret". So that began their adventure. Joni gently guided Steph's inexperienced fingers deep into her moist warm depths and showed her how to make her feel good. Steph was a quick and willing study and soon Joni came violently, leaving a huge wet spot on the sheets where her wonderful cum juice gushed. It also went onto little Stephie's fingers. When it did, the young girl drew back for a moment. Joni took her hand and put it to her lips and licked it clean. "See, it doesn't taste bad at all", she said reassuringly to Steph. "Some girls just do that when they feel extra good. It's nothing to get worried about. It's not like peeing the bed or anything, so don't worry, ok?"

Stephanie nodded, and smiled. "Did I make you feel real good, Joni?". 

"Yes dear, that was the best I've felt in ages. I've wanted to do things with you before, but I was afraid you would get upset and tell your mom or dad".

Steph looked at Joni as if she was hurt. "Oh no, Joni, I can keep secrets real good". I'll never tell anybody about us. I swear"

Joni was reassured because she sounded so sincere. "Well, ok," she said, "then I think it's my turn to make you feel good. What do you think about that?" Stephie nodded enthusiastically. "Well then, why don't you start by getting up over me, like you were going to get on your bike. Here, let's just pull up that cute nightgown of yours". With that Joni had Steph get up and she lifted up her pink flannel nightgown over the girl's head. Steph was a beautiful sight to behold, kneeling there in the dim light of the room, her little budding breasts, really just little mounds of flesh with the faintest pink nipples just beginning to sprout. Her cunny was almost completely smooth, but there was just some fuzz starting to sprout right around the smooth crease of her cunny. Joni lightly stroked her down there and Steph let out a small sigh. "Come here honey, kneel over my face and I'll kiss you down there."

Stephie complied, by gingerly straddling Joni's face. Joni began to lightly stroke the little girl's small perfectly shaped ass, kissing the inside of her thighs as she massaged her. Then she ever so slightly started to play her tongue up and down the crease of Steph's perfect little pussy. Steph started to breathe more quickly. Joni reached up with one hand and started to gently knead one of the little girl's rosebud breasts. Steph was getting very excited now. "Gosh Joni, it's never felt this way when I've touched myself", she exclaimed. "It always feels better when someone else does it to you honey," Joni replied.

Joni then started to explore the inner folds of the young girls virgin pink labial lips with her tongue. It tasted so sweet- almost like nothing at all, yet there was a hint of femininity that was as seductive as it was elusive. Joni took the ultimate plunge and stuck her tongue far up into Steph's now moist little hole. The little girl gave out a little gasp and her whole body seemed to shiver. "Does that hurt honey?" Joni asked quickly. "Oh no Joni, that felt real good- please keep doing it ok?" Joni was more than happy to oblige. She began to lick the smooth inner folds of Stephie's now drenched nearly hairless pussy. Actually, Joni was surprised at how experienced little Stephie seemed to be at this game. She seemed to know what to do and just how to move her little hips to keep her clit centered on Joni's expert tongue. "A natural," thought Joni, as she continued to lick the sweetest pussy she had ever tasted. She even dared to dart her tongue around Stephie's pink little puckered anus. Steph kind of let out another one of her sighs, and Joni asked her if it felt nice when she did that. "Yes", Steph replied simply, and so Joni went to work there for a while, darting her tongue to and fro around the little girl's pink puckered anus, and finally she placed her tongue ever so gently up into it. At the same she time, she reached around with a free hand and began to stroke Stephie's little clit with the tips of her fingers. 

The little girl about went mad with ecstasy. "Oooooh, Joni don't stop now. Pllleeesse! Thhhaat feeels reeeel good." Steph was on the verge of having quite a big orgasm for such a little girl. 

Joni expertly worked her tongue up into the child's small tight bunghole and kept her finger on the little pearl of her clit. Finally, Stephanie came in a tremendous shuddering orgasm and then nearly collapsed on the bed. Joni lifted the girl's leg up over her head, and gently laid Stephie back on the bed, gently caressing her soft brown hair and looking lovingly into the little girl's eyes. "Oh honey," she said, "you've made me the happiest girl on earth tonight. I've wanted this day to come for so long. I hope I've made you feel good". Stephie just looked over at Joni with a glazed stare. "You sure did Joni, I never felt like that before, even when.....". But she never finished her sentence and Joni didn't ask what she was going to say. They just both fell off in a dreamy satisfied slumber.

Chapter III  Walter's Halloween thrill

After that, several weeks passed and Joni didn't see the girls because their mom and dad didn't call her to baby-sit. Finally though, Halloween was approaching and their mom, Barbara, called Joni and asked her if she would mind sitting for the girls over Halloween and taking them out trick or treating. Joni was delighted. Immediately Melissa got on the phone and told her that they wanted to go as roaring 20's girls, and that mom had already started getting their costumes together. She went on excitedly about how cute they were with their little tassels and how mom had even made them garters and cute stockings to go along with. Joni was almost cumming at the thought of these two darlings in their sexy little costumes. "And Joni," Sissy whispered conspiratorially, "mommy says it's all right for me, you and Stephie to all sleep in the same bed when you stay overnight! That will be fun won't it?" Joni was really about to wet herself now- the thought of those two little imps in her bed all night was simply too much to contemplate. 

Finally, Halloween night came and Joni arrived at the girls' house around five. They were waiting for her at the door. "Come with us," they squealed, "we have a surprise for you!". She went into their bedroom and saw that there were not two, but three flapper girl costumes laid out on the bed, all with matching garters, fishnet stockings, and even high-heeled shoes. Barbara appeared at the door and said, "the girls so wanted you all to go as a threesome, I hope you don't mind dressing up." Joni looked over to her and said, "Oh, no, not at all- it will be really fun". "Well, why don't you all get dressed now;  and then you can get to trick-or-treating." With that Steph and Sissie began to strip off their jeans and tops immediately. Barbara just stood there in the doorway watching them. Joni somewhat hesitantly began to fiddle with her blouse. Barbara noticed her and said, "oh, I'll leave you girls alone to get ready". Joni wasn't really embarrassed to undress in front of Barbara, but she was afraid that one of the girls would give away their little secret by being a bit too provocative in front of mom. Joni was relieved when she left, closing the door behind her. 

The girls were already stripped down to their panties by now. "Come on Joni, take off your clothes, hurry!" said Stephie. Joni quickly began to disrobe and when she'd gotten down to her bra and panties, Stephanie came over to her, hugged her, and said "I sure missed you Joni. I can't wait to go to bed tonight." Sissy just looked at her and giggled. "Me neither!" she said. Joni suspected that they'd been talking, but didn't say anything more. 

She helped the girls into their flapper costumes and then put on her own. They really looked like a wonderful trio with the dresses, heels and stockings. Joni thought to herself that she could hardly wait for bedtime tonight. When they were all dressed, they emerged into the living room, and Barbara  was waiting with a camera. After all the ooohs and ahhs, and obligatory snapshots, they were ready to take off for trick-or-treating. "I'll be gone when you get back Joni, I'm going to be in Seattle with Dan (the girls' father) until Saturday afternoon. You have the number if anything happens. You girls be good and don't eat too much candy!" Then Barbara took her aside and said in a lowered tone, "I hope you don't mind, but Sissy got all upset when you let Stephie sleep with you the last time. I told her it would be all right for her to sleep with you too if she wanted to. They get so funny when I'm gone and Dan's gone so much. I normally let them sleep with me when he's out of town. So if you want you can use the king size bed in our room. I hope you don't mind". Joni could barely speak, but she muttered that it would be ok. Barbara just nodded and then gave her a hug. "Well you kids better get going or all the candy will be gone! I'll see you tomorrow afternoon. Now be good and mind Joni - do whatever she tells you, all right?" The girls giggled and nodded that they would.

So, Joni and her two little impish brunettes ventured out into the neighborhood. They went door to door and everybody was very impressed with their costumes. She even thought that she saw a few of the men look a bit lustingly at them. This put an idea into her mind. After they'd been pretty much up and down the block, she announced "Girls, I've got a surprise for you. We're going over by my house and visit Mr. Castle, you know, Walter? You met him once didn't you Stephie?" Steph nodded enthusiastically, "oh yeah, that neat old man you know". Joni, just nodded and smiled. It was a fairly short walk to Walter's, but it was getting fairly late and the trick-or-treaters had mostly gone home. The got to the house and rang the doorbell. Walter answered and they all yelled "Trick or Treat!". Walter just stood there agape for a second. "Well, well, please come in! This is a wonderful surprise. How are you Joni? And there's your little friend Stephie, and this must be Sissie!". They all stepped into the house. Walter immediately gave the girls about a half a bag of candy each. "Gosh thanks!" they squealed.

Joni then said, "Walter, we've got a surprise for you. We're going to do some flapper dancing and put on a show just for you!" She had planned this little affair on the way over to his house. "Now just sit down on the couch". Joni went over to the stereo and turned on some music. "Ok girls, let's hit it" she said. They all immediately started to dance in front of Walter on the couch. Joni was closest to him, and she was teasing him, just lifting up the front of her dress a little bit at a time. The girls got the idea and started doing the same thing. Walter was beside himself. The sight of three delectable nymphets dancing seductively in front of him was almost too much. Luckily, he had a strong heart. Joni noticed that his crotch was puffing up too. She thought about his fat uncircumcised tool straining underneath the material of his pants. Her pussy was getting really wet. 

The three continued to dance. Joni kept pulling her dress up further and further, exposing the sexy little thong panties Barbara had gotten them all to wear. It had seemed somewhat strange to her at the time, but now she was glad. The other two girls followed her lead. Joni, slinked over to where Walter was sitting, turned and wiggled her firm teen-aged butt right in his face. Stephie and Melissa were giggling and laughing at the sight. Walter couldn't contain himself and put his hand out and stroked Joni's firm butt as she pulled up the back of her dress. Pretty soon the other two strutted over and formed a dance line in front of Walter. They giggled and pulled their dresses up too. Walter was nearly overcome at this point. He extended both his quivering hands and stroked the girls' tiny shaking, smooth asses. They just giggled more and did the hip grind like strippers in a titty bar. 

Finally, though the music stopped and Joni said it was time to go. The girls looked disappointed, and Walt for his part looked kind of relieved. Joni bent down and kissed his cheek and said, "I'll be over next week to clean that pool of yours". Walt just smiled and shook his head. He got up and accompanied the three to the door. "Well, you've made this the best Halloween I've ever had" he said matter-of-factly. Joni just laughed, and said, "Ok girls, lets get you home". They all said their good-byes to Walter and walked back to the house.

Chapter IV  The girls' tricks and treats

It was past nine when they got back and Joni was feeling kind of bushed, but the two little girls were wired. They were on a chocolate and sugar high from all the candy. "Come on Joni, let's get undressed and go into mommy and daddy's room and watch TV!" Stephie said. "Yeah, yeah, let's go," Sissy chimed in. So Joni trudged off to the girls' room to get out of their costumes. Just watching the little girls peel off their sexy costumes breathed a little life back into her. "Well, we'd better all take a shower, we got pretty grimy walking around all night". 

She took off all her clothes and hustled the now-naked little girls into the big shower in the master bedroom. She got the water ready and they all jumped in. The water felt great on her body. Pretty soon, she felt a familiar hand creeping up her leg and starting to play with her pussy. She looked over and this time it was Sissy! "Hey, what do you think you're doing?" she asked. "I'm just washing you off like I do mommy sometimes" replied Sissy innocently. This was kind of a shocker to Joni, but she thought, "well if mommy lets her do it, then it must be ok." She looked over at Steph and saw that Steph had a soapy finger up her own smooth pussy, and was obviously enjoying the scene. Joni just let it happen. "God, she thought, "this little girl really knows how to diddle my clit". It was only seconds before she had a tremendous orgasm and squirted cum juice all over Sissy's fingers and hand. "Gosh" Sissy exclaimed, "mommie's never does that". This about floored Joni. Here all along she had thought that she was the experienced one in this threesome and she was the rookie! "Do you do that to your mommie a lot?", Joni asked. Both of the girls nodded. "Yeah," Stephie said, "whenever daddy's not home, we all have fun together. Mommy says it's what girls do when they don't have their men around, and that they should keep each other happy." This about floored Joni. Before she could say anything Sissy said, "yeah, mommy says that when you're here baby-sitting us, we should try to keep you happy too!". "Oh my God," thought Joni, Barbara had been in on this all along. That explained everything. "Well," she thought, "I sure don't need any more encouragement to take advantage of this situation."

She hugged both of the girls and said, "ok, tonight, we'll all try to make each other real happy. Now let's get out of this shower and get into the bed." With that she turned off the water and they all got out and dried each other off, making sure that all their "special places" were extra good and dry. 

They proceeded to crawl into the king-sized bed. Joni reached over and turned on the TV. "No, no," the girls cried almost in unison, "let's play some games". "Stephie told me you were real good at playing games with her" Sissy said sheepishly. Steph looked at Joni with a guilty countenance. "I kinda told her about the last time you and me slept together. I hope you aren't mad, but she pestered me and pestered me until I had to tell her."

"Well, I'm not happy you gave away our secret Stephanie," Joni said somewhat sternly, "but since your mommy doesn't seem to mind, I guess it's ok. You just have to remember that all this has to stay in our little family circle. You can't be telling anyone else- even your best friends, or ANYBODY ELSE, do you both understand?" They both nodded solemnly. "Don't worry Joni," Stephie said. "We've been keeping our secrets with mommy forever now. You don't have to worry." Joni was somewhat reassured by this thought.

"Ok now, what do you girls want to do?" she asked. Joni looked at the two beautiful naked little girls next to her in the bed and said to Sissy. Why don't you get over me like your sister did the other week and Steph, why don't you kiss me between my legs and make me feel good. Then after that, me and Sissy will make you feel good." Both little girls nodded enthusiastically. Joni laid back on the bed with her head on a pillow. Little Sissy took her place straddling Joni's face and Stephie hunkered down between her legs. "God, this is Heaven," she thought. 

Sissy's little puss was completely hairless, unlike her sister's slightly fuzzy one. She was almost completely flat too. Maybe with just a hint of the pinkest little lumps of developing breasts, but that was it. Joni could feel Steph's small fingers and tongue beginning to explore her inner folds. She was going to have to try to hold back, but it was almost an impossibility considering the circumstances.

Joni began to lick Sissie's little crack and gently knead her skinny butt cheeks with both hands. Sissie let out a little moan of delight. "God, that Steph sure knows how to play with a pussy, her mom really taught her well" Joni thought as Stephie continued to lick and suck on Joni's cunny. Sissie started to rotate her slender little hips as Joni licked and sucked her smooth hairless peehole. "Gosh, that feels real good Joni," Sissie cooed. Joni increased her efforts, and ventured her tongue up directly into the little girl's small tight cunnyhole. Sissie let out a moan of delight that made Stephie look up from between Joni's legs for a minute. She just giggled and said, "see Sissie, I told you she did it as good as mommie". Joni was so beside herself by this time that nothing would have fazed her. She just kept licking and sucking Sissies' beautiful bald pussy and tried to hold back the immense flood that was beckoning to break forth from her lower quarters. 

Joni then tried the same she had with Stephie the week before- she started circling Sissie's puckered little asshole with her tongue. She was met with the same enthusiastic response. "Oooh, that feels funny, but it feels good Joni. Mommy never did that." She wriggled her little butt down onto Joni's waiting tongue and Joni inserted it up into the tight virgin anus of her 10-year-old friend. At the same time she reached one hand down and started playing with Sissie's small nearly imperceptible clit. While she was doing all this, Stephie had increased her licking, stroking and sucking to a point that Joni could hardly hold back any longer. Sissie was also on the verge of having a "big girl" orgasm. Suddenly, Joni felt the dam burst. Waves of what seemed like electricity went all through her young firm teen-aged body. The convulsion that followed was like none she had experienced before. Without warning a giant gush of pussy juice burst forth from her vaginal walls. Poor little Stephie's face was drenched, but to Joni's surprise, the little girl just drew back a little and kept on stroking Joni's engorged pulsating clit with the nub of one finger. God, Barbara had trained her little girl well! As all this was happening, Joni still somehow maintained enough concentration to keep licking her little friend's asshole and stroke the minuscule pink clit buried in Sissie's small hairless slit. Sissy finally let loose with a yelp, convulsed once and then nearly collapsed right on Joni's face. The little girl was completely drained. Joni had to practically lift her off her face. 

After she laid Sissy down beside her on the bed, she looked down and Stephie and saw that this little nymphet was smiling up at her, with a drenched face. Even some of her lovely brown hair was wet! "Oh, my Stephie, I'm sooo sorry that I lost control. I made a mess of you." Steph just smiled and said, "mommy never did that, but it's ok, it tasted kinda sweet, and I kinda expected you to do it since you'd done it in the shower before". What a sweetie this one was!  Joni replied, "Oh honey, I'm gonna make you feel better than you've ever felt before. I promise". With that, Joni sat up and took little Stephie's face in her hands and sweetly licked and kissed all the cum juice off the girl's upturned angelic face. 

Sissy was completely knocked out. She was snoring sweet little-girl snores, and her little naked chest was heaving up and down in rhythm with her breaths. Joni lovingly scooped her up and put her to the far side of the bed and covered her up. "Now you just come here Stephie, I'm gonna make you real happy. You lay down where I was and I'll switch places with you."

Joni got down to the other end of the bed. The 12-year-old's legs were slightly bent at the knees and she gently put her hands on Stephie's legs and spread them apart to reveal the young girl's downy puss. She drew her face closer to Steph's pussy and noted that it gave off a faint feminine odor. She gingerly spread the pink outer lips and noted that the girl's small virginal cunny was already quite moist. No surprise, in light of what she had been witness to just minutes before. Stephie gave out a small cry of delight as Joni started to lick the sweet, slick inner linings of the girl's vagina. Joni was soon going down deep into her sweet orifice, drawing her tongue slowly in and out , and then seeking out the little girl's swollen clit for special attention. Joni licked and sucked Steph's now completely wet pussy hole. She singled out her friend's cute puckered anus for some occasional attention too, but mainly kept concentrating on Steph's ever moistening cunny. She took one finger and gently played with Stephie's bunghole and kept licking. Steph was almost incoherent. "Oooh, please Joni, keep doing that - it feels soooo good," she moaned dreamily. Joni was more than happy to oblige. She put her tongue completely up into the young girl's dewy orifice, as far as it would go, then she massaged her clit with her nose. Stephie began to arch her slender hips up and push her crotch into Joni's willing face. Joni took one hand and lightly pinched one of Stephie's small budding breasts. The little girl took a deep breath and finally let out a wheezing moan. To Joni's surprise, she was rewarded with a gush of liquid from Stephie's contracting cunny that splashed into her willing mouth. It tasted as sweet as Kool-ade! 

With that Stephie relaxed back onto the bed. "Oh golly Joni, I did a messy like you do!" Stephie exclaimed. "Yes, it felt good didn't it darling," Joni replied. "Oh yes, I'd never done that before- never, not even when mommy does me. I love you Joni." the little girl said with a sigh. "I love you too honey," Joni replied. "Now let's all get some sleep." 

The next day, all three girls awoke feeling wonderful. As usual they took their group shower and of course, made sure that each of their "special places" got extra clean. Joni, Stephanie and Melissa were three extremely happy young girls when they greeted Barbara later that day. 

Chapter V  Barbara's invitation

"Well Joni," Barbara asked, "did my girls behave well?" Joni nodded, "oh yes, Barbara, they were very good, and our Halloween outfits were the hit of the neighborhood." "Oh, I'm so happy to hear that darling. I bet you girls were the prettiest trick-or-treaters on the block. Well, I hate to say it, but Dan has to stay another few days in Seattle. Joni, you're welcome to stay over tonight again if you don't have plans. We can have a real "girls only" party!" Joni blushed involuntarily. She knew that this was an invitation made with the full knowledge that Joni was in on the "family secret" and tonight would be a moment of truth. Joni took a deep breath and said, "sure Barbara, I'd love to stay". Stephie and Sissy let out squeals of delight, and jumped up and down with joy. "Oh mommy, Stephie said, "Joni's our best friend ever. I'm so glad she's our baby-sitter." Barbara just looked over at Joni and winked. "Maybe you need to run home and get some more things to stay over the night with Joni. Why don't you come on back in an hour or so, and we'll have a cookout." Joni nodded, and went over and hugged the girls good-bye. "I'll be back soon," she promised.

Joni's legs were shaking as she left. She didn't know if she could make it back to her house. She was nervous, thinking about the possibilities of the coming evening. When she got home, she told her mom of her plans and her mom said it was ok. Joni went to her room, closed the door and lay down on her bed. She began thinking about the girls again and fantasizing about Barbara too. Barbara was about 35, she had strawberry blond hair and a fantastic body. She probably had 36D tits and a 25" waist with a very feminine rounded behind. She was partial to wearing short skirts and heels, even around the house. Joni thought about how it would be to have a sex party with her AND her daughters. But she was still a little worried that Barbara was going to somehow disapprove of her activities, even though it was evident that she'd been doing as much or more with little Stephie and Sissie for quite a long time now. Well, she'd just let things play out as they would. She drifted off to sleep. When she woke up it was already around 5:30. She knew Barbara and the girls would be waiting for her so she hurriedly gathered some clean clothes together and set off for the house. 

When she arrived, she found a note on the door telling her to come in. She walked in the door and heard muffled giggles coming from the master bedroom. "Come on back here Joni, we have a surprise for you" she heard Barbara say. When Joni came into the bedroom she was almost floored. There sat Barbara, in the middle and the girls on each side of her completely naked! Barbara's legs were spread open revealing a beautiful fully developed pussy. She could see Barbara's pink fleshy labia lips prominently protruding from a bush of auburn pubic hair. Each of the girls were staring expectantly at Joni. "Come on Joni, get into bed with us," little Sissie said in a pleading tone. 

Barbara rose off the bed and came up to Joni. She put her arm around her and said, "honey, you've been very good to my little girls. They told me all about your weekend and how you all kept each other company. You needn't worry about me; we're all very good about keeping secrets around this house. Dan has some suspicions, and in fact he's even been witness to a few little "shows" us girls have put on for him, but he doesn't know the half of it. I love my girls and they love me. Now they say they love you too. They have always loved you Joni, from the first time you baby-sat for them. I've just been hoping that your relationship with them would develop just the way it has. I firmly believe that girls should learn the art of love from an early age. That's what I've tried to teach to my daughters. How to give and receive pleasure. Our bodies were given to us by the good lord to enjoy and I've always tried to enjoy mine to the utmost. I know most people wouldn't approve of how I'm raising my girls, but you can see that they are the most happy and loving little things on this green earth. I don't have one regret, and now I'm glad that you're going to be a part of our little club." With that, Barbara gently kissed Joni on the lips and began to unbutton her blouse. Joni let her. The little girls watched silently as their mother proceeded to completely undress this beautiful teenage girl in front of them. Once she was done, Barbara led Joni to the bed and had her lie down. She then knelt down between Joni's legs and gently parted her pussy lips and started to lick her sensitive clit. 

She looked up from her business long enough to say, "dear, I hear that you can make quite a river when you get aroused; I hope you don't hold anything back with me. Now Sissie, why don't you let Joni kiss your didi, and Stephie, I want you here behind mommy. You know how she likes to have her poopie hole licked and her pussy rubbed from behind now don't you?" " I sure do mommy!" Steph replied enthusiastically. She crawled to the other end of the bed and immediately buried her beautiful face in her mommy's bottom. 

Sissie asked Joni, "do you want me to put my didi over your face again like last night?" Joni just stroked the little girl's brown hair and nodded affirmatively. She was in absolute heaven. Sissie complied by placing her small smooth pussy directly into Joni's face. She knew what to do by now. Joni could feel Barbara's tongue working its way into the inner folds of her labia. She was already soaking wet! And Barbara's tongue felt like a hundred little sparks of electricity on her swollen clit. 

Stephie was working away on her mommy's poopie hole, as she had been instructed to do. Barbara had one of those brown winkies that begged to be licked. Little Stephie had been given this job before and had no hesitation about sticking her dainty pink tongue into mommy's "pooter" as she called it. She also knew that mommie liked to have her "little dingdong" rubbed as she was being licked. Stephie worked her one small hand into Barbara's hairy snatch and found what she was looking for almost immediately. It was not hard, since her mom had a very large clit that swelled immensely when she was turned on. And if she wasn't turned on now, she never would be!

As Barbara got more turned on, she began to lick and suck at Joni's now soaking wet pussy more and more passionately. Joni didn't even try to hold back. She came in a tremendous gush of warm sweet pussy juice. Barbara let out a muffled cry and tried to suck and drink as much of it as she possibly could. Little Sissie was quivering as she straddled Joni's face. Joni was sticking her tongue as far as it could possibly go up into the little girls hot tight peehole. Sissie let out a yelp and came in a little shuddering jolt. 

All this time Stephie had been faithfully working away at her mommy's pooter and rolling her humongous clit between her dainty thumb and forefinger. Finally, Barbara couldn't hold back any longer. She reached back with one hand and forced her daughter's face hard against her round derriere and climaxed in a gurgling churning orgasm. She immediately collapsed on the bed, her head still resting in Joni's crotch. Little Sissie had rolled over onto the bed and was lying there with a peaceful glazed look in her eyes. 

The only one who was feeling left out was Stephie. But she knew her payback would come. Mommie always rewarded her little girls for doing a good job. Stephie took an edge of the sheet and wiped her mommy's cunny juice off her angelic face. She idly fingered herself while she surveyed the tangled mass of bodies lying before her on the bed. "Well, " she finally said, "we're sure having a fun party here!" All the girls laughed and giggled at the sight of themselves. 

True to her expectations, Barbara turned over and beckoned Stephie to come over to her. "Come here baby, mommie will make you feel good now. Here, you lay facing all of us and we'll give the other girls a nice show too." With that, Barbara laid her 12-year-old down and spread her girlish legs to reveal Stephie's downy inner sanctum of pleasure for all to see. Then she gently began to tease and lick all around Stephie's darling pussy and also stuck her tongue teasingly into her pink puckered little anus. 

Joni was getting incredibly turned on again watching this display. She momentarily forgot little Sissie and began diddling herself again. When she glanced over, Sissie was looking at her. "I'll do that to you if you want Joni," Sissie said almost pleadingly. Joni didn't need any convincing; she pulled the little girl over to her and gently guided her head down to the v of her crotch. She spread her legs once again and sat up with a pillow behind her back so she could watch this little angel lick and suck her pussy. All the time she was licking, Sissie was looking up at Joni with her angelic brown eyes. As if wanting to make sure she was doing it right. Joni just looked down at her lovingly and stroked the little girls' long brown locks as she diligently lapped away at Joni's wet engorged pussy. Needless to say it wasn't too long before she came once again. Not as much juice this time, and in fact it was a rather faint echo of her first orgasm, but just as satisfying in its own way. In the meantime, Barbara had managed to bring Stephie to a wonderful back-arching orgasm. It was pure delight to watch it happen from Joni's vantage point at the other end of the bed.

Finally however, it was time to end the "girls only" party. They all somewhat groggily dragged themselves out of the bed and of course, crowded into the shower. Luckily the master bath was one of those double shower setups that allowed room enough for all four of them to get in and lather up. It was a bit cramped but none of them could remember a more enjoyable shower in a long time. 

That evening, they all had hamburgers on the grill and played Yatzee until late that night. The girls were so tired that Barbara and Joni ended up carrying the poor little things to bed. That night, Joni slept in the big bed again with her, and it goes without saying that both enjoyed themselves. The next morning Joni got up early and left the house without waking them. She knew Dan would be home sometime in the morning and she didn't want to arouse any suspicions. Anyway, she'd spent enough time with this crazy group and she needed some time to regain her senses. 

Chapter VI  Finally- my turn!

Well, this has been quite a prologue. Certainly lots longer than I intended. But I'm sure that I've kept my promise to you about holding your attention. I felt it was necessary to give you the background on all these folks since they all figure in one way or another to my part in this story. 

The fall quickly faded into the wet dreary winter weather the Northwest is famous for. Joni continued to have her "special relationships" with Barbara, her girls, and of course we can't forget, old Walter! She was also still chatting with me occasionally on the internet and trading those nasty little pictures we both liked so well. Joni kept me informed of all these goings on and our relationship became closer. 

I still had a hard time believing all this could be true, but as I got to know Joni, I began to feel, by God, this stuff is really happening to this girl. As I gathered more and more pictures from the various sites on the internet too, it began to dawn on me that there were a lot of sexually mature kids out there. Tragic you say? Well, I don't really know. I'm' sure some of the stories are tragic and sad, but when you hear all about two darling little girls like Stephie and Melissa, and meet a wonderful girl like Joni, then who's to say what's right and wrong? "Different strokes" as they say. 

Finally, around Christmas time, Joni and I decided that we had too much in common to NOT meet face-to-face. I have some relatives in the same area, so I could dummy up an excuse to fly out there. My plan was to visit with my relatives for a few days, play it cool, then rent a car and venture out to Joni's neck of the woods. It was only four hours or so away. I made up a story about having an old college buddy out there so my aunt and uncle wouldn't be suspicious about me leaving out on my own. 

We decided to do it after the new year. Joni had just turned 18 and that was a cool thing too, since she would be legal. I got my plane ticket and she gave me her phone number to call when I arrived. 

The day finally came and I was almost shaking when I got on my plane. This deal was really playing with my mind. What if she was really some federal agent and this was all an elaborate sting operation? What am I doing going out to some place I've never been before to meet some crazy chick who's half my age? All these questions blazed across my mind, but I was going to go through with it. 

The plane ride was uneventful; I stayed at my relatives for a few days as planned. Joni had given me a number to call her at. I was almost shaking when I finally summoned the nerve to call her up. She was nervous too, but we made some small talk and then she gave me instructions on how to get to her town and where to meet. She said that there was a little diner near her house and we could hook up there, sit and have a coke and then see what developed. I was almost beside myself by this time and took all the directions down with a shaky hand. She hung up, but not before saying that she was very eager to meet me, but very nervous too. 

I said the requisite good-byes to the relatives and set out for Joni's town. The drive seemed to take forever. Finally I arrived in her town. I followed her directions and found "Tony's", the little cafe she'd described. I was really nervous now. This was the moment of truth and I was pretty nervous. I got out of the car, took a deep breath and went in. Well, there wasn't much doubt about finding her because there were only two people in the whole place and I knew she certainly wasn't the old gray-haired guy sitting in the corner! Joni was sitting a booth, reading a book. She looked up and smiled at me. I walked up and said, "hi, I'm Ted; I hope you're Joni". She smiled and nodded affirmatively, and invited me to sit down. 

She was a very cute teen-aged girl - about 5'5", dark brown shoulder-length hair, brown eyes, small breasts, generally a slender build. She had a pleasant, but not striking face; much as I had imagined she'd be. "Well, do I look scary, disgusting, and/or absolutely unacceptable?" I asked jokingly. "Oh no, in fact you're better looking than I'd imagined you'd be. That's a very nice surprise." That relaxed me somewhat. We looked into each other's eyes and there was definitely a spark there. I mean, we'd basically bared our souls to each other chatting on the internet for six months already, so there was no real need for small talk. Of course we felt obligated to make it any, so we went through the obligatory "how was your trip stuff, etc.". 

Finally though, I took her hand and said, "Well Joni, we both know I didn't come all the way out here to just make small talk. I really want to be alone with you. I'm going to get a motel room here in town. Just tell me where one is closest to you. I'll get settled in and then we can meet, have dinner and see what might happen." Joni kind of blushed and nodded. She gave me directions to a Dollar Inn near her house. "I'll call you tonight after supper" she promised. We got up and left Tony's.



Chapter VII  Our first time

I got settled in at the motel and took a short nap. I got up and went out for a bite to eat. I returned around 6:00. I was on pins and needles waiting for her call. Finally, the phone rang around 6:45. She sounded nervous too, but I gave her the room number and she said she'd be by in about a half hour. 

Almost to the minute, there was a knock on the door at 7:15. Joni came in looking kind of furtive and nervous. I invited her to sit down on the bed and relax a bit. She looked so fine just sitting there. She was wearing one of those plaid "schoolgirl" type skirts that are in vogue now, a dark green pullover fuzzy sweater, those kind of opaque hose/knee socks and some of those funky black clunky-heeled shoes that all the girls are wearing now. She was the perfect picture of any man's high school girl fantasy. And there she was sitting on a bed in my motel room! I had to make every effort to keep from taking her into my arms right then and start passionately making love to her. But, I had come this far and invested a lot of time in our relationship. I didn't want to act like some sex-starved teenage boy and ruin the whole thing. Besides, I really like the teasing and lead up to love-making as much as the actual act itself. 

I had gotten a bottle of nice semi-dry white wine and put it on ice. I offered her a glass, but she refused, saying that her mom might smell it on her breath. Good point, I thought. "Well, since your mom's probably not going to smell my breath, I think I'll have a glass myself if you don't mind," I said. She said she didn't. The wine actually settled my nerves somewhat. We chatted again for a bit. Finally, Joni said, "well if you want to kiss me you can. I really want to kiss you."

I didn't need any more encouragement. I took her in my arms and gave her a kiss on her beautiful red lips. She responded by gently probing my mouth with her tongue. It was the sexiest kiss that I'd gotten in a long time. My cock immediately began to swell. I laid back on the bed and she followed suit. I leaned over her and looked into her eyes and said, "Joni, this is the most alive I've felt in a long time. Thanks for making it happen." 

"Well, you had as much to do with it as I did," she replied. "I'm very glad it's happening too. I think you're very sexy". 

With that I kissed her more deeply. She ran her hand down to my crotch and felt the large lump that had grown there. She began to massage it, all the while giving me her gentle little tongue-flicking french kisses. I slowly began to massage her breasts, running my hands over the surface of her sexy green sweater. She responded by locking her legs around one of mine and starting to rub her pussy up and down it. I thought I was going to explode right then and there. 

We went on like this for about ten minutes and then I sat up on the bed and took off my shirt. I looked at her and she sat up and allowed me to take off her sweater. She had the cutest pink bra on. It cupped her small but firm titties like two ripe peaches. I smiled, bent down, slid back one of the bra cups and gently kissed her girlish breast. Her nipple was small and brown, but very erect. I licked it with the tip of my tongue and she reacted with a very quiet sigh. Then she reached down to my crotch again and started rubbing it. I obliged her by stripping off my pants and down to my underwear. I removed her bra completely and laid her back on the bed. I started to kiss her again and I could tell that she was very turned on. I kissed her neck and teasingly stuck my tongue in her ear. She responded by grabbing my crotch even more tightly. Finally, I reached down, lifted her cute little skirt, and touched my hand to her crotch. Her panties were already soaked! I gently stroked her crotch and kissed her passionately. By this time she was pulling at my underwear, trying to get my cock out. I obliged her by pulling them off myself. She immediately started stroking my 7" member like a pro. I silently thanked old Walter for giving her all the proper training in advance! My cock gets very hard and swollen when I'm turned on. I'm circumcised, so the head is very prominent. It swells to almost twice its normal size when I'm getting ready to shoot a load of cum. Joni was expertly playing with my cock and occasionally stroking my balls and asshole. She put her other hand on my chest and said, "oh, I really love your hairy chest. The hair is so soft. Walter doesn't have much hair and I always thought it would be rough and wiry. It isn't at all." I just smiled and started kissing her again. 

Finally, I asked, "Joni, can I take your skirt and panties off and kiss you down there?" She shyly nodded ok, and I proceeded to unzip her skirt and pull it off of her. She had on matching pink panties. The crotch was soaking by now; you could almost see her pussy through the cotton material. I knelt down between her legs and gently pulled at the waistband of her panties. She coyly lifted her small round ass off the bed to accommodate me. The sight was like something out of a dream. There was this beautiful teen-aged girl lying before me completely nude and 100% turned on! She had just enough dark brown pubic hair to frame the cutest little pussy God ever made. There were the pinkest of little inner labia lips just pouting out of the crease of her cunny. They were already glistening, and her hairs were matted with cum juice already, from the teasing I'd been giving them. 

I looked at her and smiled. Then I gently kissed each of her brown erect nipples. I started to play with her pussy again, just lightly rubbing her mons. "If you keep doing that, I'm gonna make a big mess pretty soon", she warned. I just smiled and kept working my way down her gorgeous firm body, licking her lightly all down her chest and  belly until I was finally at her beautiful pussy. I looked up at her for a moment and she was lying back with her eyes glued to what I was doing. "I just love to watch when someone sucks me," she said softly. 

I then started to gently lick and kiss her inner thighs. She spread her legs wider to accommodate me. I continued to tease her, licking her ever so lightly around her ass and then going ever so slowly up to the crack of her pussy. Finally, I centered my attentions on her pussy and began to lick the cute little labial lips that were protruding from her mons. She arched her back up and thrust her cunny into my face. I responded by licking and sucking the inner walls of her vagina. I stuck my tongue all the way up into her and rotated it all around the inside of her pussy. Then I went down to her cute little asshole and licked it, while taking my free hand and started to lightly flick her clit. She was very near exploding and I could tell that it wouldn't be long. I went back up to her clit with my tongue and started licking and sucking it. She started to quiver. I opened my mouth as wide as it would go, anticipating the rush of cum juice. I took my hand and stuck one finger in her little asshole. This proved to be the thing that sent her over the edge. She started to buck up and arch her back high, emitting short gasps. All of the sudden, she squirted a huge amount of the sweetest cum juice I have ever tasted directly into my waiting mouth. I licked and sucked her like a mad dog. She just kept gushing wave after wave of warm sweet juice. Finally after what seemed to be a very long time, she relaxed and rested her cute little bum back down on the bed. I finished by daintily licking all around her inner thighs, ass and cunny, removing every last drop of her sweet glorious juices. Then I laid down my head down beside hers on the bed. She looked over at me and said, "my God, that was something. I though Walter could do it better than anybody, but you certainly make me think twice." I just smiled.  We laid there a bit, then she started kissing me again. It didn't take too long before she was working her way down to my crotch. She licked and sucked my nipples and planted dainty kisses all the way down my chest and stomach. Then she reached down and took hold of my still-rock hard member. She stroked it a few times, then put it in her mouth. She knelt over my crotch and took the entire length of my tool into her mouth. Quite a feat! I again silently thanked Walter for his efforts. Joni was an expert cock sucker. She knew the perfect technique of combining sucking with hand-stroking. She would get my cock wet and slippery with her saliva, then stroke it up and down, just brushing the ridge of the head with the top of her hand, where I'm most sensitive. She did this for about five minutes, and I could feel my balls involuntarily contracting. She could feel the head of my dick actually swelling in her sweet delicate mouth as she sucked and stroked it. She removed it and began stroking it with firm and fast strokes. Finally, I let out a cry and shot a tremendous load of cum that hit her directly in the face. She immediately opened her mouth wide to try to catch the rest as it shot out of the tip of my dick. She did an admirable job. After catching some of the globs in her mouth, she put her lips back over the head of my cock and gently sucked the remaining cum out. Then she let most of it seep back out and run down the sides of my still hard shaft. Finally, she looked up at me and lewdly licked all the regurgitated semen back into her mouth from around my dick , then she took one hand and sponged what she could off her pretty face and licked that off. Finally, she licked my belly and balls to try to get whatever she had missed before, all the time looking up at me as if for approval.

When she was done, she said, "I always do it this way for Walter, I hope you don't think it's gross or anything". I just responded by gently pulling her back towards me and wrapping my arms around her lithe firm body. "No honey, I don't mind at all" I said. We laid there for about ten or fifteen minutes without saying anything. Finally, I got up and suggested that we maybe take a shower and get freshened up. She was in agreement with that, so we made our way to the bathroom. We took a nice hot shower and of course, I had to make sure that she was "absolutely clean". So I generously offered to 'clean her up'. I knelt down and licked her beautiful pussy until she came again. Not as violently as the first time, but there was still a considerable quantity of sweet nectar that I greedily swallowed. We lathered each other, rinsed off, got out  and dried each other off. She put her cute "schoolgirl" outfit back on and I put my clothes back on too. It was getting on towards 10:00 and she said, "I told my folks that I was going to the mall and I'd be back by 10:30, so I'd better be going. I have a surprise for you though. I'm baby-sitting the girls this weekend, starting tomorrow (Friday) and all the way through late Sunday. I told them I last time I baby-sat them that I had a special friend that I wanted them to meet. They bugged me about it the rest of the time that I was there, but I wouldn't give them any more details." My mind was spinning. I really hadn't expected to meet them and I was certainly very nervous about it. The repercussions could be very serious of course, and I would have to handle it with the ultimate care.

"Well, that's fine," I replied, "what do you want to do?". 

"Oh, I thought you might be able to meet us at the mall first and maybe then we'll go for ice cream or something. You know, just do something where we can all have fun". I said that sounded fine. Joni said she'd call me tomorrow and we'd make plans. Then she and I shared one more passionate kiss and she left. 

Chapter VII  I meet the girls

I spent the night tossing and turning, thinking about our plans. Morning arrived and I went out for breakfast, toured the town and got back around noon. I laid around and finally about 4:30 the phone rang. "Hi" said Joni sweetly. "I'm going over to the girls' house around sixish. Barbara and Dan are leaving right away. I told the girls that we might go to the fun fair place at the mall and maybe we'd meet my friend. I told them that they'd have to keep this a complete secret though, and not even tell their mom. They both said that they would keep it a secret-cross their hearts." I said that would be ok and she gave me directions on where to meet them. 

Around 7:00 I found myself sitting on a bench in the shopping mall near the "Fun Factory". The place was teeming with kids and their parents. I was nervous. Just then, I spied Joni walking towards me with two of the cutest looking little girls I'd ever seen. They were just as she'd described them - maybe even cuter! Stephanie, the 12-year-old, was dressed in a pink stretchy top and the cutest little jeans skirt. Her sister Melissa was dressed in a blue jeans material jumper with white knee socks. Sissie had her hair done in the cutest pigtails, while Stephie had her hair almost exactly like Joni's - I'm sure in an effort to look "grown up" - and just like her idol.

The girls approached me smiling broadly. I got up smiling back. "Ted, these are my friends Steph and Melissa." I smiled broadly and said, "how do you do girls, you look absolutely gorgeous tonight!". They both kind of giggled and said thanks. "I told them we could go to the Fun Factory for a while, you don't mind do you?" "Of course not, that would be fun", I replied.

The fun factory was one of those new-fangled places for kids where they had all sorts of trampolines, slides and tunnels. They also had a big slide where you landed in a big box of like ping pong balls, and all sorts of other fun things that could put an adult in the hospital with back spasms, but that kids could enjoy for a month solid. The girls were all excited and we entered the place and bought tickets. They ran off and immediately started jumping on a trampoline, yelling and screaming for us to come along. I just waved them off good-naturedly, but finally Joni cajoled me to get on and bounce with them. We both got up on the thing and started jumping. The girls were laughing ecstatically. Joni and I held hands and jumped, while the two sisters did the same. Sissie's little jumper dress would kind of billow out and up, and I could occasionally catch a glimpse of her cute cotton panties. Steph caught me taking a peek and gave me a conspiratorial grin. She then proceeded to do a "sit down" landing and "accidentally" spread her legs in a way that clearly gave me a shot of her panties also. Knowing what I did about these two, I didn't even attempt to hide my stare. I just drank it all in with my eyes and looked at her smiling face and gave her a wink. She seemed delighted at the attention. Joni caught this little exchange and just looked amused.

Then we got off the trampoline and went into the "fun house". This was a series of interconnected plastic tubes that you could crawl through and play in. The girls begged me to follow them in. Joni was giggling as I climbed up a rope ladder behind Sissie. I got a wonderful glimpse of her cute little  cotton-pantied bum as I ascended the ladder into the "treehouse". As my head got over the top, I found myself staring at little Stephie sitting on the floor with her legs spread wide open, giving me a full view of her white blue flowered panties. "Betcha can't get me," she said teasingly and then she went scampering off into one of the tubes. I followed on my hands and knees. She unabashedly hiked her little miniskirt up so her panties were showing in full view. Her little sister was following close behind me giggling. Finally, we all dumped out down a slide into a vat of brightly colored ping pong balls. As I got to the bottom, I hit turned around and saw little Melissa sliding down the slide behind me, giggling, while her jumper billowed up revealing her cute cotton panties to me once again. The girls "ganged up" on me, throwing their arms around my neck and trying to pull me down into the balls, like in a swimming pool. I growled playfully and tickled them mercilessly. Their small bodies felt so exquisite pressing up against me, and the smell of their sweet young sweat made the experience almost ethereal.

We finally extracted ourselves from the balls and rejoined Joni. Then it was off to Baskin-Robbins for some ice cream. By that time it was getting kind of late. "I told your mother I'd have you both in at a decent hour," Joni said. The girls grumped and groaned and begged to stay a little longer, but Joni was unrelenting. Finally, she said, "give Ted a kiss good-bye, and maybe we'll see him some more this weekend". They brightened somewhat at this promise and quickly rushed over to give me big hugs. Little Melissa grabbed my neck and gave me a buss on the cheek. Then Stephie came up, grabbed my neck and laid a huge kiss right on my lips. "I think you're neat Ted. You should come over to our house and we can play some more!" I was taken aback by all this, but the possibilities linked to her comment were enticing. "Well, I'll try to see what I can do, maybe I can come by and visit you sometime tomorrow." The girls jumped up and down and Joni came up and hugged me and then they were off.

Chapter VIII  The visit

I spent another rather restless night wondering if I should take Joni and the girls up on their offer. "Well, nothing will come of it," I thought. "Just go over for a short visit and we'll play cards or something." The next morning I went to breakfast. When I returned, the message light was blinking and I called the desk. Joni had left her number. I picked up the phone and called her. 

"Hi guy!" she said in her usual greeting. "Do you still want to come over?" 

"Well, do you really think it will be all right. I mean, what if the girls get talkative and tell their mom or dad that you had a strange man over?" 

Joni replied, "don't worry about it. I had a long talk with the girls last night. I told them that you were a very special guy that I cared about a lot. I told them that you were very nice, but that you worried that their mom or dad might not like it if they knew you came over to the house while they were gone. They were very serious and sincere about promising not to tell anybody if you came over. They had so much fun with you last night. Their dad is almost NEVER home and they just love it when a man pays attention to them. Stephie told me about the 'little shows' she was putting on for you in the fun house. She laughed and said that you looked really surprised when she flashed her panties at you, but she thought you liked it." Joni snickered. 

I didn't say have to anything. Joni knew I enjoyed looking at those little darlings' panties immensely. That was the problem. I knew I'd have a terrible time resisting those little temptresses if they showed any inclination to "play naughty games" with me. "Well, I thought, I'm here now, and if I want to see Joni again, I'll have to come to her. I guess I'll do it." So, I told Joni that I'd be over around 7:00 that night. She gave me the directions.

As I drove to the house, I was very tense. I found it without any problems. I went to the door, and rang the bell. I heard scampering feet and some giggles. Finally it opened and there stood Stephie and Sissie in their Roaring 20's getups! They had dolled their faces up with rouge and lipstick, and they had the little fishnets and garters on too. My heart about jumped out of my chest. "Come in, come in!" they squealed. I got into the living room and there stood Joni. She had dressed up too. "The girls insisted," she said sheepishly. 

I sat down on the couch. "Can I get you a coke?" Joni asked? "Sure," I replied. She went to the kitchen. I couldn't help watching her firm tight ass sway to and fro under her flapper dress. 

"Ted, Ted, look at us," cried Sissie, "it's dress up day!" and with that both of them pulled up their dresses and flashed me, giggling uncontrollably. I got a glimpse of their thong bikini panties and garter belts. What a sight! Just about then Joni came back and "caught" them. "Now girls, you promised you'd act like ladies while Ted was here. If you want to we can put on a show for him like we did with Walter on Halloween, but for now, let's just see if we can act nice and proper."

Joni sat down on the couch with me and lightly touched my leg. "Don't worry Ted, I had another talk with the girls, and they are very much in agreement that this will be our "absolute" big secret. They know that you were really hesitant to come over and they don't want it to be the last time you visit if they can help it." 

I was relaxing a little bit. The girls went over and turned on the stereo, then they sat down on the floor and picked up a card game they'd been playing. I relaxed back on the sofa a bit and Joni took the liberty of discreetly stroking my crotch. My cock was already rock hard. "My, my, you are quite a dynamo aren't you? Is it always that way?"

"Just when I'm around three gorgeous girls" I said. Joni just smiled and kissed me on the cheek. 

The girls were playing crazy 8's. They were sitting on the floor cross-legged, making no attempt to hide their barely covered little crotches from plain view. Actually, Stephie's puffy developing cunny was kind of pooching out the sides of her thong panties, making it an incredible sight. She caught me peeking at her and gave me a grin. Melissa was sitting at an angle where I couldn't actually get a good look up her dress, and pretty soon, she scooted over closer to Stephie and turned towards me so I could view her also. "Hey, get away, you're peeking at my cards," said Stephie. "Was not," said Sissie. She looked over at me and spread her skinny little legs just a bit wider, then moved back away from Stephie, all the time grinning impishly at me. Of course, Joni was taking all this in. "They're giving me quite a bit of competition for your attention I think," she whispered to me. 

"Hey, no fair telling secrets", yelled Melissa. She got up off the floor and ran over to the couch and nearly jumped into my lap. "What was she telling you about us Ted?" she asked accusingly. 

"Oh nothing, just mentioning how pretty you both were" I said. 

"Well, I wanna put on a dancing show for you now. What about you guys?" Melissa asked the others. Joni kind of let out a sigh of resignation, and said, "Ok, what about you Stephie?". "Sure" said Steph enthusiastically. 

"Well, we actually practiced a bit before you came over, so just sit back and enjoy the show," said Joni. I certainly wasn't going anywhere I thought to myself.

Joni went over and put a CD in the player. Pretty soon the old, Muriel cigar "stripper tune" came on. "Where the hell did they dig that one up?" I thought to myself. 

The girls formed a dance line and started kicking their legs up in the air like an old vaudeville show. As the song played, they turned around and lifted their dresses enticingly. I was nearly beside myself and wondered how old Walt managed not to have a coronary watching these little nymphets dance around his living room. Then they formed a conga line and danced their way over to the couch. They stood about a foot in front of me and then started gyrating their hips in time with the music. Joni reached out and took my hand and put it on her leg. Then she smiled and turned around and slapped her butt. I put my hand on one of her shapely rounded cheeks and she slowly rotated her hips. The other two cuties followed her cue and slapped their skinny little behinds too. "Cum on Ted, feel ours too," they said in unison. I reached out a trembling hand to their little butts and stroked each one tentatively. They giggled and shook them, and then pulled their dresses up all the way off their little asses, exposing their cute rounded behinds completely. I was beside myself.

Then the tune stopped and they turned around and pulled down dressed back down. Joni went over to the CD player and popped another one in. This time it was one of those modern boogie hip-hop dance tunes. All three of them began to gyrate and shake their booties again. Joni began to pull up her dress further and further, with the other two following suit. Finally, she pulled it up completely over her head and tossed it to the floor. She was wearing just the thong bikini and nothing else. Stephie and Sissie did the same thing and they too had nothing more on that the little thongs. I was on the edge of my seat, and I'm sure my eyes were bulging out of my head. The girls just kept on dancing and inching closer to the couch.

Finally, Joni was inches away from me and she took my hand and placed it on her breast. I squeezed it involuntarily. Then Stephie came close and took my hand and put it on her barely developed little bud of a tit. I rubbed it gently. "Do me too, do me too," Melissa squealed. So I reached over and stroked her perfectly flat little chest. She seemed thrilled that I would treat her like I did the "big girls". 

Then Joni took my hand again and moved it down to her pussy. She pulled her thong aside and placed my hand directly on her mons. It was soaked already. I didn't need any prompting. I slid my finger all the way up her soaking beautiful pussy. She grabbed one of her breasts and began to knead it, all the time still keeping in rhythm with the music. Of course, I knew what was coming next, but I was a little surprised when Sissie grabbed my hand before her sister could get to it and put it right on her little bald cunny. I could feel the slit of her completely hairless peehole under the thin material. She kind of bit her lower lip and pushed harder on my hand. I couldn't resist, and I peeled back the silky material and put my hand directly on her little didi. She smiled at me as if I'd crowned her "queen for a day". I gently ran my finger up and down the little slit and all the way back to her little poopie hole. She continued to gyrate her hips and urge me on like a miniature stripper. Finally I summoned the courage to just lightly slip a finger up inside her, and to my surprise, she was quite wet. She uttered a little cry of delight. 

All this time I had still been fingering Joni and I could see that she was on the brink of cumming. All of the sudden, Stephie gave her a little shove and she cascaded onto the couch beside me. The girls laughed at the sight, but Joni seemed a bit put off. I hugged her, but by this time Stephie had grabbed my free hand and placed it on her crotch. I obliged her by pulling back the filmy material and exploring her peachfuzz-covered love hole. The outside was soft warm and fuzzy and I teased her a bit, running my finger up and down from her little poopie hole all the way to the top of her slit. Finally, I gently slid my finger into her socket too. It was already wet and I gently moved my finger around and moistened the outside of her lips too. She was dancing slower now with her eyes closed, as if she was in some kind of trance. I looked over at Joni and she was fingering herself mercilessly, watching me and the girls. 

Stephie was the first to explode. She let out a sigh and quivered a bit then kind of went all limp. She dropped down into the couch beside me. I then pulled Sissie over directly in front of me and scooted off the couch so I was sitting on the floor at eye level with her bald cunny. I reached out with both hands and grabbed her skinny little behind, drawing her cunny close to my face. Then I ever so gently started licking her slit, up and down, up and down. She willing spread her legs for me so I could get into her wet little pussy hole and find her "magic button". I scooched down running my legs between hers, and leaning my head back on the edge of the couch seat, I pulled her little cunny directly over my face. I then began licking it softly and slowly, running my tongue in and out of that lovely little slit and all the way up to her dime-sized pink puckered poopie hole. She was in 7th heaven and so was I. I stuck my tongue up into her little puss. It was so tight that my tongue would hardly fit all the way inside. She put all her weight on my face though, signaling to me that she was enjoying it. I obliged her by wiggling it around deep inside her virginal 10-year-old love hole. Then I readjusted my position slightly and started to work on her little clit. It was barely the size of a pea, but she sure could feel my incessant licking and gentle kisses. Before too long, Sissie let out the most darling little squeal and gently fell back. She would have hit the floor if I hadn't grabbed her with my hands. She had the most angelic look of satisfaction on her face that I'd ever seen. 

All this time Joni had somehow kept from cumming. She was sitting there now and observing the whole scene. The music had stopped long ago, but none of us had noticed. The girls were coming out of their dazed states already, and Joni turned to both of them and said, "well young ladies, you certainly got the better of that dance routine, I'd say. Now I think it's time for you both to make me and Ted feel good." 

Both of the girls giggled and nodded enthusiastically. They looked at me and then at Joni and Stephie kind of sheepishly said, "but Joni, Ted doesn't have his clothes off yet." Then all three of them looked over at me expectantly. With a big smile on my face I jumped up and started humming the "stripper song". I slowly peeled off my shirt and by this time the girls were giggling with glee.  I then unbuckled my belt and unzipped my jeans. The girls' eyes were getting wider with expectation. I kicked off my shoes and then slowly pulled down my pants. Little Sissie even helped me by pulling the legs off over my feet from her vantage point on the floor. I was wearing some silky boxer shorts and my cock popped right out of the fly. The little girls gasped. I guess that even with their "advanced" knowledge, they hadn't really seen a grown male's completely erect cock "in the flesh" so to speak. "Go ahead, you can touch it," I said softly to the girls. Stephie reached out her hand tentatively and Sissie followed suit. They seemed in awe of it. "You mean this all fits up inside of a girl's didi?" Sissie blurted out. Joni kind of smirked, but I could see that Stephie had the same question on her mind. 

"Sure," I replied, "but not until you are older. Your didi grows and it kinda stretches to fit it. Remember, you both came OUT of your mommie's didi; imagine how much she had to stretch to do that." Both of the girls kind of giggled nervously at that thought, but they were still curiously feeling and touching my hard erect member. Finally, Joni said, "ok girls, let me show you how a man likes to have his peepee sucked." She pulled me back on the couch and kneeled down in front of me. She pulled my shorts all the way off and spread my legs so the girls could see everything she did. "See these," she said pointing to my balls, "these are very sensitive, but most guys like to have a girl lick them like this." She proceeded to gently lick and play with my hairy balls, which were by now so swollen with cum that I thought they would burst. Then she started to stroke my cock. "Look, you do it like this; you run you hand up and down it, slow at first then faster". I was about to explode at any minute, but I tried with all my might to hold on. "Then you put it in your mouth like this." She put her beautiful red lips around my cock and began to work it into the back of her throat. 

"How do you get it all to go down in there Joni?" Stephie asked. 

Joni took my dick out of her mouth and replied, "Well, when you start out you probably can't do that. You have to practice. But the practicing sure is fun!" The girls giggled. Joni took my tool back into her mouth and down her throat again. I thought I would squirt, but she grabbed the base of my shaft and squeezed it hard. "Not so fast Mister," she chided me. 

"Now girls, are you ready for a turn?" asked Joni. They nodded enthusiastically. Stephie was the first to grab my rod in her dainty little hand. Without hesitation, she placed her lips on the tip. "Hey, let me in here to touch it," Sissie said jealously, and she put her even smaller hand on the base of my shaft. "Why don't you try licking his balls Sissie," Joni suggested. "Oh yeah, ok," Melissa replied and she immediately began licking my balls with her tiny little tongue. With both girls sliding their hands up and down my rod, while one licked my balls and the other sucked my ever-swelling head like a lollipop, I knew I would be a gone before too long. Joni just looked at the girls and began frigging herself mercilessly again. I knew she was going to get off this time and so I didn't hold back either. "Now stroke it a little harder honey," I said to Stephie. "Oh, that feels so good with you licking my balls," I said encouragingly to Sissie. Pretty soon, I could feel my balls begin to contract and in an instant, I shot a load of white gooey sperm right into Stephie's unexpecting mouth. She jerked her head back and spit some out involuntarily. It dribbled down her chin. Little Sissie kept noodling away at my balls and I grabbed my cock and stroked the last of my massive load out all over my belly. Joni in the meantime began to quake and shiver. I looked over at her just in time to see a huge gush of pussy juice spurt out. It was the strongest stream of female ejaculation I'd ever seen. It literally gushed a foot out of her pussy and splattered on the carpet in front of the couch! I was amazed. The only  thing I regretted was that I couldn't have been there to drink it all down.

By this time the girls were just sitting there watching us. I reached over and wiped some of my cum off of poor Stephie's chin. "I'm sorry darling; I should have told you before I did that. Did it taste yucky?"

Stephie just kind of put on a brave face and said, "Oh no, it was all right; it just surprised me that's all." Little Sissie leaned over my belly and put a finger right in some of the white goo left on my belly. "Eeewww, that's sticky and gooey." 

"Go ahead and taste it; I dare you" chided Stephie. 

"Ok, I will," said little Melissa. She took a little glob on her finger and placed it in her mouth. She made a face like she'd just tasted dead worms. "Iiiit's o,o,k", she said in an entirely unconvincing fashion. Joni broke out laughing and said. "Don't worry honey. That taste takes some getting used to. But you'll probably love it some day. I do."

"Really???" Both girls chimed in unison. "Yes, really" replied Joni. "Now I think that it's time for two certain little girls to get ready for bed." 

"Ohhh, do we have too???" both said. 

"Yes, you do, but maybe Ted would like to take a shower and get all cleaned up with us. Would you do that Ted?" 

"Oh yes, pleeese, pleeesse," both the girls pleaded. 

"Well, I've already gone this far, so I don't think it will do any harm," I said. 

"Yippieee!" shouted Sissie and she rushed for the big shower in the bedroom. Both girls picked up their clothes and made off for the shower. I sat there for a second, and then said to Joni, "Joni, this was absolutely the most exciting night of my life. I never expected for this to happen. I mean, I was expecting to come out here and see you and maybe meet the girls, but never in my wildest dreams did I expect to actually get to know them in this way. I still feel kind of guilty and I'm really scared of what might happen, but by God, I'm the happiest man in the world right now.'

Joni just smiled sweetly and leaned over and gave me a passionate kiss. I took her in my arms and kissed her back, lightly stroking her small firm breasts. 

"Hey, what's the holdup?" came a shout from the hallway. "Are you guys coming or not?" Stephie was standing there buck naked, looking at us. We smiled and got up to join them. The shower was already hot and running when we got there. Both of the little girls were squealing and giggling and taking turns lathering each other up. You could see that they were very familiar with this game as both paid extra special attention to each other's little pussies and titties. 

Joni and I stepped in and I felt the hot steamy water hit my skin. I looked around and drank in the sight. Three - count them - three lovely young nymphets surrounding me. Their young lithe bodies outlined against the white tile and their skin creamy smooth and glistening. I felt a soapy hand lightly stroking my cock and saw that little Sissie was already beside me. "Does it feel good when I clean you like that Ted" she asked with her eyes looking up at me innocently. 

"It sure does honey. Let me clean you too." I reached over for some soap and then put my hand down to her little cunny. I rubbed it gently up and down, gently running my fingers from her little pooper all the way up to the top of her slit. She clearly enjoyed it.

"Look you guys, Ted's thingie is getting big again," exclaimed Sissie. Sure enough it was growing. Who could blame it? Stephie reached over to stroke it again and I reached out another soapy hand to lightly stroke her fuzzy cunny. Joni was left out again but not for long. 

"Ok, girls, step aside. Ted and I are going to show you how big people have fun. You remember asking how it all could fit up in there Sissie? You want to see?" Both girls nodded enthusiastically. Joni came over to me and kissed me passionately.  Then she reached down and spreading her legs, placed my rejuvenated cock up deep inside her. "Don't worry, I'm on the pill," she whispered to me. With that worry out of the way, I began to slowly stroke my swollen rock-hard cock in and out of her. The little girls stood there watching us. Sissie even crouched down on the floor to get a better view.

"She's right Stephie, it does go all the way in!" Melissa exclaimed, as if she was making the discovery of the century. Stephie was leaning back against the shower wall by this time, slowly fingering herself and dreaming of the day, probably not too far off, that she'd have a boy's hard cock inside her. 

I gently eased Joni down to the floor of the shower and she wrapped her legs around me. I tried to get to an angle where both the girls would have a good view of the action. I looked back and Stephie was still leaning against the wall fingering herself, while little Sissie was sitting on the floor, still looking at my hard cock go in and out of Joni's sweet wet hole like a piston in a cylinder. 

Joni started to moan again and I could feel the semen begin to well up. "Oh, I can feel your head swelling up inside me. Ted, it feels so good!" She said in a husky voice. I grabbed her butt cheeks with both hands and began to bang her mercilessly. She was scraping my back with her nails and holding on for dear life. Finally, neither I nor she could hold back any longer. We came almost simultaneously. God, it was another tremendous load of cum! I was exhausted and completely satiated. The girls were kind of staring at us in wonder. Stephie had frigged herself to another orgasm and little Sissie was just sitting there looking kind of quizzical. 

"So did that hurt Joni?" Sissie asked. "No, not at all honey. I told you that when you grow up, your didi can stretch and it feels real good to have a man's thingie in you". Sissie still seemed skeptical, but as we all got up off the floor she came over and hugged me. "Ted, you're the nicest man I ever met. I wish you could live with us forever," she said. "Oh, honey, I wish I could stay with you all here too. You girls are the best, most fun girlfriends I've ever had. I mean that." Oh, how I meant it!

We proceeded to wash each other off (again) and got out of the shower. The girls got into their pj's and I put my clothes back on. "Well girls, Ted has to go now, lets all give him one more big hug and then say nitey-nite." Both Steph and Sissie came up to me and put their arms around my neck. They were truly sad to see me go. "Bye Ted," they both said mournfully. "We're sure gonna miss you".

"Bye girls," I said. "Maybe you all can come and visit me tomorrow afternoon before I have to go back ok?" Their eyes lit up. "Really????" they both chimed in. "Well, maybe. I'll have to talk to Joni about it. Bye for now." With that I went to the front door. "I'll call you tomorrow morning, ok?" I asked Joni. "Ok " she said. "Now that you've got their hopes up, you better not let them down," she said with a smirk. "I'll talk to you tomorrow," I said. With that I left and went back to my hotel. 

Chapter IX Fond Farewells.

I rested peacefully that night, even though I'd probably committed enough felonies to jail 12 men for life! I was drained, but awoke the next morning feeling refreshed. I called Joni as soon as I'd showered and shaved. "Hi guy," she greeted me as usual. "How are you feeling today?" "Great! And how are you and the girls?" I queried.

"We're fine. They slept like babies last night. I was kinda restless though. I wanted you here with me." I was flattered. "I would have liked that too, but I probably wouldn't have been much fun. I was as bushed as the girls." "You old man," she chided. "What's wrong, can't you take it any more?" "Hey, I'm rearing to go now," I said. "What about you and the girls coming over here to see me off?" She was silent for a minute, then said, "we can probably do that; when do you want us to come over?" I said, "as soon as possible. I'll be waiting." "Ok; the girls will be ecstatic. You're all they've been talking about since they got up this morning. We'll be over in about a half hour," she said, and hung up.

I never knew a half hour could last so long, but as usual, Joni was on time. There was a knock at the door and I heard the muffled giggles of the girls. I hurriedly opened the door and ushered them in. All of them were dressed in long coats, which wasn't strange considering the time of year, but I noticed that all of their legs were bare. "I expected you all just to come over in jeans; you didn't have to put dresses on for me," I said. "We didn't," Stephie replied with a giggle. And with that they all opened their coats and yelled "Surprise!". They were all just wearing bikinis. Little Sissie had on a cute little pink one, Stephie had a very skimpy orange one and Joni had a pretty silvery-metallic one that framed her perky titties perfectly. 

"It was their idea, of course," said Joni. "I figured since it was you 'going away' party that it would be ok. "Well, I certainly won't complain," I responded. They all threw off their coats and little Melissa immediately came up and started hugging me. She came up to about the middle of my waist and I'll be dammed if she didn't take her little hand and start rubbing my crotch. "We're sure gonna miss you Ted," she said a bit mournfully. "Yeah Ted," Stephie chimed in, "we just met you and now you have to leave  us. It's not fair. You're just like Daddy, always running off somewhere." 

"I'm sorry girls. I wish I could stay longer too. But I have to get back home sometime and go to work. You three have given me the absolute best vacation of my life though, and I sure am planning to come back as soon as possible. I really mean that." They all looked hopeful. "Well," I said, "why don't we all try to make the best of it and make each other feel really good again before we have to say good-bye." Sissie and Stephie's faces brightened considerably, but Joni was still bummed. "Hey Joni, you still look sad. Let's all try to make Joni feel the best today, ok girls?" I said smiling. Then I took her in my arms, looked into her eyes and said, "Joni honey, I really do love you. We were friends before we ever laid eyes on each other and I hope we're better friends now that we've shared all this together. Do you believe me?" She just nodded and a trace of a smile crossed her face. I gently kissed her on the lips and she immediately responded by kissing me back passionately. I reached down and put my hand into her bikini bottoms and started feeling her already moistening pussy.

The girls climbed onto the bed and both of them reached over and started to finger the other underneath their skimpy bikini bottoms while they watched me and Joni make out. I caught this out of the corner of my eye and my cock got even harder than it already was. I laid Joni gently down on the edge of the bed and began to remove my shirt and pants. I was wearing another pair of those silk boxers and my dick immediately popped out to greet my three best girlfriends. I just laid there on my back with it poking straight up in the air. The girls giggled. "Oh look at the flagpole," Steph offered. "No, it's a soldier," I replied. "Look." I let it relax slightly and it drooped down; then I yelled "attention!" and made it stand straight up again. The girls cackled. "Do it again Ted," cried Sissie. I did the trick for them several more times, then Joni sat up and leaned over me and took it into her mouth. Her delicate lips engulfed it and she drove it down deep into her throat. It still amazed me that she could swallow the whole thing. I let her do her thing on me for a couple of minutes, then I said, "now Joni, I think me and the girls decided that this was your day; didn't we girls?" They both nodded in agreement. "Get over here," I said, and I scooted her up to the head of the bed next to the girls. They were still casually fingering each other, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

I got kneeled down at the end of the bed and reached up and tugged at Joni's bikini bottom She obliged me by lifting her tight round ass. Then I had an idea. "Joni, why don't you lay on top of me with my head between your legs. Then Stephie, will you get over Joni's bottom and kiss her pooter like you do you mommie's?" Stephie nodded enthusiastically. "And Sissie, why don't you try to squeeze in at the head of the bed and you can try and suck me while Joni helps you and watches, ok?" Melissa nodded ok too, and then we all moved around and got in our respective positions. We must have looked like a circus act. 

I started gently licking Joni's cunny hole, playfully teasing her outer lips. Then Stephie started in on her puckery anus, pulling her ass cheeks apart and sticking her tongue in there. The way she was bending over made Stephie's little buds of titties just hang off her developing chest. This got me even hotter and I reached up and started gently stroking her little rosebud nipples while simultaneously concentrating more fully on Joni's swelling clit. I could feel 10-year-old Sissie's dainty lips teasing the head of my cock while Joni's more experienced hand stroked up and down the shaft. I only wished I could have made a video tape of this extravaganza! Oh well, it will be forever etched in my mind, you can be assured of that.

I finally stuck my tongue all the way up into Joni's now steaming pussy. She reacted by pushing her pelvis hard into my face. I could see Steph still working diligently on Joni's anus. She was licking it all around the edges and then tentatively sticking just the tip of her tongue into the puckered center. Every time she did, Joni would emit a little sigh of pleasure. I moved my hand lower to Stephie's downy love crack. I gently massaged the puffy outer lips, then I slowly wriggled just one finger up into her. She was already very slick and wet inside. She gasped involuntarily as I stuck it all the way up in her. 

Meanwhile, little Sissie and Joni were working away at my tool. But I was trying not to give way because I really wanted Joni to get off first. I really started to lick and suck at her wet tight cunny. Stephie picked up on my cue and also began to stick her little tongue all the way in Joni's poopie hole. I could tell she was ready to explode, and Stephie's pussy was starting to convulse too. I was in heaven. A teen-aged pussy in my face and a 12-year-old cunny on my finger. Joni's pussy began to convulse. I knew the flood would be coming at any time, and sure enough, a few seconds later she erupted with a flood of pussy juice that had to be comparable to her gusher of the night before! My mouth was absolutely inundated with her onrushing sweet warm love juice. It was like nothing I've tasted before or since. She wiggled her sweet tight behind and pushed her crotch for all her might further into my willing open mouth. Stephie doggedly tried to keep her little tongue as close to Joni's gyrating anus as she could, but with me frigging her from below also, she finally gave up, arched back and let herself come on my finger. For the first time I felt a small gush of warm cum juice from her too. I was gratified.

As all this was happening, I almost forgot about myself, but luckily, the girls didn't. Joni had me move over a little bit and Stephie joined them at the head of the bed. "Come on Ted, do a squirtie again for us; I promised Stephie that I'd eat some this time," Sissie said in a pleading tone. "You needn't ask," I thought to myself. "It's coming soon." 

Sissie was gamely trying to fit my swelling head into her dainty little orifice. She was actually doing an admirable job, devouring it to a point just below the head, and then coming back up in time with Joni's stroking motions. Stephie joined in by stroking my balls. Pretty soon the gig was up for me. I felt my balls contract and I shot a tremendous load. It spurted out while Sissie's mouth was just barely joined to the tip of my cock. There was a tremendous load of white gooey jiz. The little girl jerked back, but some of it squirted right down her throat. I heard her gag, then she spit what she could back out onto my belly. The other girls kind of giggled, and Sissie sputtered, "it's not funny you guys!" Joni then said, "look girls, I'll show you how to clean Ted up. Like I told you before, once you get used to the taste, you'll really like it when a boy squirts in your mouth." With that she proceeded to lick my stomach, cock and balls clean of the residual jism.

I motioned little Sissie to come over to me. "Come here honey; you really got the short end of the stick all around didn't you. You tried so hard to make me feel good and then you didn't even get your little didi kissed at all did you?" She pooched out her lower lip and nodded in agreement. I brought her over to me and had her straddle my face. The other girls just watched as I began licking and sucking at Sissie's bald 10-year-old cunny. Pretty soon she started to rotate her skinny hips and press her crotch into my face. I responded by sticking my tongue all the way up into her tight moist slit. I also began massaging her flat little buttocks with my hands, while pressing my face as hard as I could into her lovely smooth snatch. Little Melissa began to sigh and moan as she bit her lower lip and closed her eyes. Finally she let loose with a guttural cry that sounded almost like the wailing of some small animal. Then, as soon as it had begun, it was over. Sissie relaxed and lifted herself off my face. I looked up and there sat the three most beautiful young girls any man could imagine all looking warm and satisfied. 

Sadly, I looked at the clock beside the bed and all of us knew this wonderful voyage was about to come to an end. We all got up and put our clothes back on in silence, with an air of resignation.

"Well girls," I said sadly, "all good things must come to an end. I really hope that this won't be the last time that you invite me out for a visit though." "Oh, no Ted, you can come back next week if you want!" said little Sissie plaintively. The older girls just smiled. "Honey, there's nothing I'd like better, but that's just not possible. We can all chat on the internet though, all the time!" Sissie's angelic face brightened. "Really?" she said. "Of course," said Joni, "Ted and I talk all the time there." "Oh boy, that's neat," said Sissie brightly. "I can't wait to talk to you Ted." "Well, I just hope that we can stay in touch and who knows, maybe I can come back to visit in a few months."

All the girls were smiling now, and I hugged and kissed each one of them. I saved Joni for the last though. "Well my dear, it certainly has been a wonderful first meeting. I can't tell you how much I enjoyed your special relationships. You are a beautiful and amazing young woman." Joni just smiled and looked down like she was embarrassed. "I like you too Ted," she said softly. "I just wish you could be around all the time. You make me feel wonderful."

With that we said our final good-byes and the girls left. I was sad, but really I could not have been more satisfied at the way events played out. Beyond my wildest dreams would be an understatement. I'll never forget those wonderful young girls as long as I draw breath. I just hope to God that they're true to their word and never tell a soul about their special friend Ted. Some secrets are meant to be kept......forever.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

