                      Jonathan's Introduction to Business
                                   Chapter 2

    A grey Lincoln Town Car was waiting for them at the curb. The driver held 
the door for her then went around to hold it for him.  She couldn't help but 
smile when he stumbled slightly as he entered the car.  "Tonight we are going 
to dinner at Le Cirque, it is one of the finest restaurants in the city.  
Afterward, we may go to a party some friends of mine are having," she told 
him.  
    The car drove across Central Park using the 66th Street Traverse.  As they 
entered the park the white lights on the trees of "Tavern on the Green" were 
clearly visible.  Shortly they arrived at the Mayfair Regent Hotel on Park 
Avenue and the driver stopped at the 61st Street entrance.  As they entered the 
restaurant they were greeted by the owner, Sirio Maccione, "Ms. Simmons, its so 
nice to see you again.  I have your favorite table.  How was your business in 
Boston?"  "Excellent.  I'd like to introduce you to Jonathan Richards," she 
answered.  "A pleasure to meet you Mr. Richards," he said offering his hand.  
"The pleasure is mine," Jonathan replied while firmly shaking his hand.  They 
were quickly led to a banquette in the front corner of the room.
    Once seated the waiter asked if they would like something to drink.  "This 
is a celebration.  Let's have a bottle of Perrier-Jouet Fleure de Champagne 
1982," she ordered.  "A superb choice," the waiter said.  In less than a minute 
he was back with a sterling silver ice bucket and two crystal champagne 
flutes.  Opening the bottle with a flourish he offered her a glass to taste.  
After holding the glass up to the light and examining the color, and the 
bubbles, she swirled the glass slowly in her hand for a few seconds.  Bring the 
mouth of the glass to her nose she inhaled deeply then tasted the wine.  
"Excellent," she concluded.  Filling both glasses he returned the bottle to the 
ice bucket and left them.
    "This is my favorite champagne, Jonathan.  I hope you like it.  Why don't 
we get to know each other somewhat better.  Tell me about yourself," she asked.
    "Well, I'm ninteen years old and I just graduated from Dartmouth College," 
he began.  "I'm an only child.  My father is a very busy lawyer in Des Moines.  
My mother died when I was about ten. I was raised by a series of housekeepers.  
My only other close relative is my aunt, my mother's younger sister.  My aunt 
is thirty years old and I used to see her several times a year mostly at the 
holidays.  She moved to New York to attend Barnard and has been here ever 
since.  My father went to Dartmouth, and when I graduated high school at 
sixteen, he convinced me to follow in his footsteps," he continued as they 
sipped their champagne.  
    He proceeded to tell her more about himself.  He was somewhat of a loner at 
school.  He was younger than his classmates but he did very well academically, 
graduating magna cum laude in only three years.  Although, he got along well 
with his team mates, he did not have an active social life, since he was much 
younger.  He was also the only art history major on the team.  After a few 
minutes the waiter interrupted to offer them menus.  Noticing that he appeared 
confused by the menu she suggested that she order for both of them.  Jonathan 
quickly agreed.  
    After studying the menus for several minutes she ordered ravioli stuffed 
with lobster in a saffron cream sauce, endive salads, and grilled veal chops.  
She also ordered vanilla souffles for desert.  When the waiter left she 
continued to ask Jonathan about himself.  "What about girlfriends?" she asked, 
"a handsome young man like you must be quite the ladies man?" 
     "No one special," he answered.  "Actually, I spent most of my time 
studying or running.  I also liked to read a lot.  On weekends I'd head 
into Boston to go to the Museum of Fine Arts.  During winter session one 
year I went to London and Paris to see British Museum and the Louvre."
     "Did you find any romance in Paris," she prodded.
     "No.  I didn't have time.  Really, it was a busy trip.  There was so 
much to see every day.  I preferred going to the museums on my own, rather 
than with the group.  It gave me more time to concentrate," he justified.  
"What about you?  I've told you about me, but I know very little about 
you," he retorted, trying to change the subject.
     "I guess thats fair," she responded.  "I'm twenty-nine years old, 
also an only child, and a graduate of Radcliffe.  I didn't tell you this 
before, but I'm a very wealthy woman.  My father was an investment banker 
at Morgan Stanley.  When my grandfather died he took over the family 
business.  My grandfather, my mothers father, an electrical engineer, 
founded a small electronics business.  It is now one of the largest 
manufacturers of fiber optic equipment and military electronics in the 
country, and is still privately owned."  
     The waiter, pouring the last of the Champagne, asked if they would 
like more.  "No, I think we'll have a bottle of Mersault instead," she 
orderd.  "When my parents died in a plane crash five years ago I inherited 
all of their stock.  I own 60% of the company.  Twenty-five percent is 
owned by a charitable foundation to benefit the arts, established by my 
grandfather.  I am the Executive Director of that foundation.  The 
remaining fifteen percent has been used to provide stock incentives for 
the company's management.  Although, I Chair the Board, I let professional 
managers run the company." 
     "I've been very independant all of my life.  My father was a very 
busy man, and my mother was always very involved in charity work, 
especially in the arts.  She used to run the foundation.  I am very 
involved with the New York art community.  As head of the foundation I am 
on the board of several museums, including the Museum of Modern Art.    A 
number of my best friends own galleries.  I also am an avid collector, 
although I keep most of my collection at my houses in Southampton and 
Maui.  I particularly like to discover young talent and help develop it. 
I'm also very active with certain types of ... shall we say, performance 
art.
     The appetizer was delicious.  The saffron and white wine flavored 
sauce perfectly enhanced the richness of the lobster stuffed ravioli.  The 
appetizer was perfectly complemented by the golden Mersault.  As they ate 
she told him about her upringing.  Her stint at a private school in 
Switzerland, and the summers on the Riveria and in Paris.  She especially 
remembered the Christmas vacation she spent with a classmate in 
Stuttgart.  
     Her classmate's aunt, the Countess Erica von Hoffman, was an amazing 
woman.  A tall stunning blonde in her early thirties at the time, she 
lived life her own way.  It was the Countess who convinced her that she 
should take charge of her own destiny.  Men would always try to use her, 
to get at her money.  Instead she should use the power that her money and 
her beauty gave her to get what she wanted out of life.  The more she 
thought about it the more sense the Countess seemed to make.  Later, she 
saw how the Countess used the men in her life to fulfill her wishes.  She 
spent the week following the holidays at her classmate's Chateau in 
Switzerland, where she and the Countess became close friends.  
     She was interrupted by the waiter delivering their entree.  The 
grilled veal chops were served with a coulis of tomato flavored with 
garlic and basil, sauteed zuchini, and roasted potato.  Joan ordered a 
half bottle of Fleurie to accompany the veal.
     That Easter she was invited to spend a week with Erica at her country 
house outside Dusseldorf.  There she learned how to control men and get 
from them what she wanted.  "Sometime I'll tell you all about the week I 
spent with the Countess," she said concluded.  
     "I now spend most of my time working for the foundation, or in some 
other way promoting the arts.  I do have to attend the board meetings of 
the company, but management has things well in hand.  Although I do keep a 
tight rein on the management.  I also travel quite a bit." 
     As they talked the waiter cleared the table and took their orders for 
coffee.  It came quickly and they continued to chat as the sipped the 
coffee waiting for their desert.
     "Now why don't you tell me a little bit about your plans?  How do you 
plan to go about finding a job?" she inquired. 
     "Well, I haven't given it a lot of thought," he answered. "I suppose 
the first thing I should do is prepare a resume.  I bought a book on 
resumes.  I can write it on my aunt's personal computer.  Then I'll send 
it to all the galleries and museums in the city."
     "That sounds very traditional, but may not be very effecient," she 
decided.  "How are you fixed financially?  Fortunately, you don't have to 
pay rent for a while, how long can you hold out?" she prodded.
     "Well, I have about $1,000 in the bank from graduation gifts and the 
like," he replied.  "That should last me a couple of months."
     "It may go faster than you think.  You'll probably need some new 
clothes, your not applying to a bank you know?" she responded.  "And 
everything in this town is expensive.  Have you given any thought to a 
temporary or part time job while you look?" she asked.
     "I hadn't thought about it," he answered, "but it may be a good 
idea," he concluded.
     "Can you type at all? Use a computer?" she inquired.
     "I type 70 words a minute, and am very familiar with computers.  
Computer Sciences was my minor, I can program mainframes, or use almost 
any personal computer," he answered.
     "Well then, I have a proposition for you.  I have a number of 
projects that I'm working on at the moment for the foundation.  I could 
use an assistant for the next few months.  Also, occasionally, I need some 
personal errands done for me, like carrying my bags today.  If you would 
agree to help me with those errands, in addition to your other duties, I 
could offer you a temporary job with the Foundation, as my personal 
assistant.  It would look good on your resume.  In addition, if it works 
out, I can introduce you to some of my friends in the business.  I will 
also show you the ropes, so to speak.  I'll pay you $500 a week.  What do 
you say?" she asked.
     "Gee, that sounds terrific.  I really don't know anyone here.  All my 
friends say that an introduction can be so important, especially in the 
art world.  I'll do anything you ask," he answered.
     "Yes, well, we'll see.  Before I introduce you to any of my friends 
you'll have to show me that you can be of some use to me.  I'm not going 
to reccomend someone who isn't a hard worker, and doesn't do what they are 
told.  Do you understand me?" she demanded.
     "I guess so," he responded.
     "Good," she replied, "Aah, here are our souffles. Have you ever had 
one?"  When he shook his head she said, "I think you'll find them quite a 
treat."  In fact they were delcious.
     Jonathan ate his desert in silence as he thought about his incredible 
luck.  Only in New  York for four hours and he already had a job paying 
$500 a week, albeit a temporary one.  He wondered what Joan would be like 
to work for.  She was probably a very demanding boss he concluded, but he 
would probably learn a lot.  She smiled at him across the table as he 
finished his souffle.
     She paid the check with her gold American Express card.  As they rose 
to leave the owner escorted them to the door.  He inquired if they had 
enjoyed the meal.  "Excellent," Joan responded.  "The best restaurant I've 
ever been to," Jonathan added.
     The car was waiting for them at the curb.  Once inside the driver 
asked where they would like to go.  "Is there any reason you can't start 
work for me tonight, Jonathan?" she asked, "There is a party I want to 
attend, but actually its a business engagement. I would like you to 
accompany me to help me with some details."  
     "That's fine," he answered.
     "Take us home for now," she told the driver.
     They rode in silence as the car recrossed the park.  When it pulled 
up to the curb the driver jumped out to open her door.  "Wait for us," she 
told him, as they went into the building and up to her apartment.
                                 Chapter 3

     When they reached her apartment again she opened the door with her 
electronic key.  "Why don't you have a seat in the living room.  I'll call 
you when I need you," she told him.  He moved to the living room and sat 
on one of the Eames chairs as she went upstairs.  After a few minutes the 
built in stereo system turned on and he heard the opening strains of 
Debussy's La Mer.  He felt very relaxed, somewhat drunk from all the 
champagne and wine they had at dinner, and a bit tired from his trip.  He 
sat for quite some time, quietly listening to the music.  
     "Could you come up here, Jonathan," she called over the intecrom.  
     "Alright," he replied as he stood and walked to the stairs.
     "Lets take care of business first" she said as he walked towards 
her.  Reaching for the phone she told the driver of the car to come up for 
a minute.  "Raul is not only a driver, but he is also a notary", she told 
him.  "I want you to read this.  Its an employment contract," she told him 
as she handed him a check.  "This is a check for one thousand dollars, 
your first two weeks pay.  If you sign the contract and this reciept its 
yours," she told him as she handed him a pen.  "If you are going to start 
working for me tonight we might as well make it official."
     He was stunned as he examined the check.  It was drawn on Morgan 
Guaranty Trust, and made out to him.  He then looked at the contract 
"Personal Service Contract" it was titled.  He heard Raul enter the room 
as he continued to read  "... Mr. Jonathan Richards agrees to provide 
personal services to Ms. Joan Simmons ...  services to include, typeing, 
filing, computer programming, other office services ... and personal 
services as required by Ms. Simmons of any nature whatsoever ... failure 
to satisfactorily perform required duties, as determined by employer, to 
be punished by dedution from salary or whatever other punishment deemed 
appropriate by Ms. Simmons ... salary of $500 per week paid biweekly ... 
... hours to be determined by employer ... uniform or other dress, as 
required, to be provided by the employer ... cancellable by either party 
with 30 days prior notice .... etc." 
     "What does this part about ... of any nature whatsoever... mean, and 
what is this about punishment?" he demanded.
     "That means that you will do whatever I ask.  Most of your duties 
will be as an administrative assistant, sending letters, following up on 
phone calls and the like.  But, sometimes I'll want you to do other things 
like pick up my laundry, run errands, or whatever needs to be done.  If I 
ask you to carry my luggage at the aiport for example, or perhaps to 
vacuum the rug before an important visitor arrives, you won't claim its 
not in your job description.  I will expect you to do anything I ask.  Do 
you have any problems with that?" she quizzed.
     "No," he replied.
     "As to punishment, I don't intend to pay for work not done, or not 
done to my satisfaction," she answered.
     "What is this about other punishment, and what about the uniform?" he 
interrogated.
     "That gives me some flexibility.  If you don't perform some project 
to my satisfaction, I don't want to have to deduct from your salary, this 
way I can find some other punishment.  I won't withold anything from your 
pay unless it is absolutely necessary.  As to the uniform or other dress," 
she continued, "frankly, you dress like a slob.  We'll be going to see 
very important people, attending formal parties and the like.  In order to 
ensure that you don't disgrace me, I'll select clothing appropriate for 
the occasion.  Since I insist on deciding what you will wear on the job, 
I'll pay for it.  Does that sound fair?" she concluded.
     "I guess so.  Where do I sign?" he asked.
     "Here, and here, on each of the 3 copies" she said pointing to the 
contract and the reciept.  When he completed signing the documents she 
signed them.  Raul then asked both of them for identification, checked it, 
and notarized the completed contract afixing his stamp. 
     "Thank you Raul, please wait for us in the car," she told the 
driver.  He replied by leaving.
     "Here is your executed copy, don't lose it," she said to Jonathan as 
she handed him a copy of the document.  "Now you work for me," she told 
him, "Let me give you some of my ground rules.  First of all, you will 
call me ma'am, or Miss Simmons in public, or Miss Joan when we are alone.  
Is that clear?" 
     "Yes ma'am," he answered.
     "You will stand when in my presence unless I tell you to sit down.  
When we walk together I expect you to walk a step behind me on my left 
side.  Whenever I tell you to do something I expect it done immediately 
unless you are given other instructions.  Do you understand me?" she 
asked.
     "Yes, Miss Joan, I understand," he answered.
     "Good, I want to change into something more appropriate for the 
party.  Please wait for me downstairs," she ordered.
     "Yes ma'am," he replied then left the room.
     He waited about fifteen minutes, then she called him again on the 
interom.  He passed a large black leather tote bag on the floor as he 
walked past the door by the alcove.  Her door was closed so he knocked 
before enering.  She told him to come.
  As he entered the room he saw her facing him.  She was transformed.  She 
now wore black leather above-the-knee boots with stilleto heels, black 
silk stockings, a very short black leather mini-skirt and a red leather 
bustier that accentuated her bosom.  Her raven hair was done in a wild 
mane.  Ruby red lipstick and heavy eye make-up accentuated her features.  
She looked formidable.      
     "Please pick up the bag in the hall and follow me," she told him.
     "Yes, ma'am" he replied as he followed her out of the room.
     The tote bag was very heavy, almost as if it was full of metal.  He 
wondered what was inside as they took the elevator down to the car.  Raul 
held the door for her as she got into the car.  She ordered Jonathan to 
sit in the jumpseat facing her as they rode downtown to the party.   
