			  RECOLLECTIONS  OF  JOY

Not only was she a joy to behold, being attractive, but that was also her
first name. Our paths crossed in the mid-70s, when I was nineteen.

Joy had blond hair, rather small breasts, nice hips and waist, and a
pretty smile with full lips. She also had a Southern accent that I just
loved to listen to!

How had I met her? She was the wife of one of the other guys in my
military unit. There was some work that I needed to do on my car, and
I had asked if I could work on my car in their rental house's garage
instead of at the barracks.

I had no interest in a serious relationship with Joy since I knew that she
was married. I enjoyed talking to them both, and spent time at their house
listening to music and watching T.V.  After I'd visited their house a
couple of times, I noticed that Joy was warming up to me quite a bit, even
rubbing up against me when her husband wasn't around, which I just took as
innocent flirting.

"Rick, sometimes you get me so hot and bothered", she'd say with a
devilish and sexy grin.

One day, I was about ready to leave their house to head back to the
barracks, and noticed that Joy seemed kind of nervous. After her husband
went into their house, Joy was standing alone with me in their garage. I
was about to get into my car. She stepped close to me and gave me a gentle
kiss on the cheek (the first kiss either of us had given the other). She
handed a small, folded piece of paper to me.

"Don't read this until later. I wrote it for you," she said.

I said good-bye, then left, slightly nervous, my heart beating faster than
normal. After I had driven a few blocks, I pulled the car over, shut off
the engine and read the note. It said,


		  "There's so much I want to tell you,
			 so much I can not say
			People, time and places,
			 have gotten in the way

	      We've laughed and loved and shared so much,
			  I promise not to cry
			     As you leave,
			   the pain is eased,
			Knowing that I tried. "


After having read this, I was full of mixed emotions. On the one hand, I
felt a sudden closeness and affection, and yes, even a sexual desire for
Joy, feelings that until this point I had ignored and didn't allow to
surface. On the other hand, I felt kind of guilty feeling this way, since
I knew that she was married and wasn't aware that she felt so strongly
about me!

A week or so later, I dropped by for another visit, surprising her. She
seemed excited to see me, gave me an affectionate hug at the door, and
invited me in.

"Is..." I started to ask where her husband was.

"He switched work hours with someone else, and after that has a party to
go to, so he'll probably be gone until tomorrow" she said, correctly
guessing my question.

As I sat down on the couch, she turned off the T.V. and put on some
quiet Tanya Tucker music. We talked for a bit, then she stood up.

"I'll be right back. I want to get more comfortable," she said with a
smile, as she walked into her bedroom.

Hmm, I thought to myself. Joy was already wearing jeans and a top. How
much more comfortable does she plan on getting?  My question was answered
when she re-entered the living room wearing a somewhat-transparent night
gown!

"How does this look? Do you like it?" she asked?

"You look great, Joy!" I exclaimed, my heart beating faster and a warmness
filling me. Damn, she looked very inviting in that, I thought to myself!

I tried not to make my gaze too obvious as I glanced at her nipples poking
into the gown but barely showing through the material, and her bush, which
appeared as a slight darkness between her legs.

She sat next to me, our hips touching, and my cock began to get hard.  I
noticed that she had touched up her perfume in the bedroom and she smelled
very fragrant, very sexy.

As we sat, talking quietly, listening to the relaxing music, she began
rubbing up next to me with her body and rubbing my upper thighs, with not-
so-hidden intentions. My cock by this time had hardened, and she must have
seen from the lengthy bulge in my jeans what effect she was having on me.
She obviously wanted me to fuck her. As I thought about it, though, I felt
reluctant, because she was in a relationship with someone I knew. She
detected this and went to the bathroom; I could hear her softly crying.

I knocked on the bathroom door and she opened it, with tears in her eyes.

"Rick, I feel very close to you, and want you to hold me, kiss me, take me
to bed every time I'm near you. That's why I wrote the poem, to let you
know how I felt. I'm hurt that you don't feel the same toward me".

"Joy, you mean a lot to me, also! I love seeing you, talking to you, and
being with you. And as for going to bed with you, didn't you notice the
effect you are having on me? But what about...."

She smiled a bit and quickly glanced at the front of my pants.

"Don't think about him. This is about us, about you and me. Do we want to
or don't we?" Joy responded.

We looked in each other's eyes and reached an understanding. How could I
resist? The soft lights, relaxing music, the warm, almost unclothed body
of a very desirable, fragrant woman standing close to me... It was a very
intoxicating atmosphere, and I could sense that she knew how badly I
wanted to hold her, and have a part of me deep inside her!

She took my hand and led me into the spare bedroom. Standing in front of
me, she removed her nightgown and let it drop to the floor.

I gazed upon her nude body for the first time.  Her breasts were small,
but her pink nipples were long and erect, and wider than most women's Her
golden bush nestled between her legs was lush and appeared very soft.

I reached out to draw her to me, but she playfully moved out of reach and
lay down upon the bed. Standing in front of her, I began to remove my
clothing, a shiver going through me in my excitement. When the last item
remaining was my briefs, I looked down almost embarrassed, because my hard
cock was pushing my briefs away from my body.

"Let me help you there," she said.

She reached out and touched the underside of my briefs, where my balls
were, then drew her hand upwards, along my cock, to where the waistband
was. She pulled the waistband out and down, releasing my cock from its
restraint and allowing it to stand in all its erectness. As I began to
lower my briefs to the floor, she cupped my balls with her hand, moving
them around a bit, then grabbed my shaft and gave a few strokes, finally
finishing by lightly moving her hand along my cock's head with a feathery
light touch and squeezing the head.

"Ummmm... I can't wait until this is inside me!," she said, smiling, as
she gazed at my cock.

Either can I, I thought to myself. I wanted to fuck her so badly!

I lowered myself to the bed, and lay next to her, our eyes devouring each
other's bodies. She really did have a nice figure, even though her breasts
were on the small side, and I enjoyed looking at her body as she lay, from
her feet to her nice, soft golden hair. Her bush, when she was lying down,
was very full of hair, not trimmed. I like them lush, and couldn't wait
until I was on top of her and in that bush. And what nipples!

Our fingers found and touched the sensitive parts of each other. I'd
wanted to touch her for so long! Finally having the chance, I moved my
hand to her lower thighs, touching and caressing her soft skin. First
along the inner thigh, then along the outer. Moving my hand through her
bush but not touching her clitoris or pussy just yet, wanting to tease
her, I caressed her other thigh, then moved up her flat stomach to her
breasts, caressing under and around them.

Seeing her nice hard nipples standing at attention for me, I nibbled on
her areola, around and around, working closer and closer to her nipple,
lubricating it with my saliva so it wouldn't get sore. Not wanting to
torture her for too long with the pleasurable feelings, I moved on to her
nipple. Sucking it into my mouth, I moved my tongue around and around it,
every so often pulling it by suction toward me, then lightly scraped its
sides with my teeth as I moved my mouth away.

She must have enjoyed what I was doing, because her pelvis was slowly
squirming. How wet was she getting, I wondered? I slowly moved my hand
down her side then over to the lower part of her bush, which felt damp,
then along the top of her thigh to her inner thighs. As I brought my hand
slowly up her thighs, my fingers started getting wet from her juices, even
a couple inches from her opening. Finally reaching her pussy, I lightly
touched the outer part of her lips, worked up to her clitoris, rubbing
gently in a circular motion, then back down to her pussy. I inserted two
fingers into the wet opening of her pussy, and moved them around the inner
folds of her lips. Pushing them a bit deeper, I then moved them in a
circular motion, around and around, to get her pussy open wide for my
cock. She was really horny, eyes closed, breathing heavily. My fingers
playing with her made her spread her legs widely, and she tried to pull me
over onto her.

Fingering her had gotten my fingers covered with her pussy juice, and I
wiped the slippery fluids onto the shaft and head of my cock . Laying down
upon her, but not with my full weight, I placed the shaft of my cock
lengthwise between her pussy lips, and slid back and forth a bit. This was
rubbing against her clit, and from her sounds, I knew that she enjoyed it.
Looking down at her, we kissed softly, looking into each other's eyes,
then we closed them and kissed more passionately.

As I lifted my hips a bit, Joy lifted my slippery, wet cock from her
labia, moved the head along her slit to find the right spot, then placed
it at the opening of her pussy.

Her labia and inner thighs were very wet from her being so excited! I
slowly pushed into her, but stopped as soon as only my cock head was
inside her, giving her pussy a moment to get used to it. Then, as I slowly
slid the rest of my cock into her, she moaned from the sensations. Once I
reached bottom, I pulled halfway out and rested for a moment, reveling in
the feelings of wet, warm, velvety softness that I was surrounded with,
and kissed her again. Joy lifted her legs in the air, so her feet were
over my butt, and pulled my pelvis towards her with her hands on my rear.
This made my entire cock drive home all the way into her, filling her
completely. I put one arm under her shoulders, and placed the other arm
under her head, with my fingers moving in her golden hair.

"Fuck me deep, Rick, that's the way I like it. But do it slowly, so we can
enjoy it longer," she moaned.

I then began slowly stroking in and out, pushing my cock into her depths
as far as I could every stroke. She was not very tight due to her being so
incredibly lubricated, but it sure felt good anyway!  With the first
couple strokes, my cock seemed to pump her accumulated juices out of her
to make room for itself, my groin and balls bathed with and cooled by her
juices.

Joy was a moaner, which really excited me! With the soft singing of Tanya
Tucker in the background, accompanied by the occasional soft moans from
both of us, our pelvises settled into a rhythmic pace, driving us both
towards the shared ecstasy we equally desired.

I continued sliding in and out of her silky vagina, holding her close to
me, heart to heart, my cheek resting above her golden hair. Joy assisted
my thrusting with her hands on my ass by pulling me towards her with every
thrust, with her legs wrapped around me.

I reveled in the erotic sensuality of the private world we were in,
shutting everything else out. Feeling her soft, curvy body lying under and
clinging around mine, enjoying our aroused bodies moving together, the
sensations of her pussy warming and lubricating and squeezing my cock, my
balls slapping against her wetness. Breathing the scent of both her
perfume and the musky, arousing fragrance of her juices. Listening to our
moans of pleasure, as the lubrication and motions of our fucking through
the juices added its own slurpy, squishy sounds. Eventually, the
sensations were too great, and I began to feel the familiar muscular
contractions and throbbing in my cock that meant I was about to come.

Joy felt my body stiffen, and knowing that I was about to come inside her,
she forcefully lifted her pelvis up from the bed, thrusting her pussy
against my cock for the deepest possible penetration.

"Oh, God, yes, Joy, I'm going to cummmm" I groaned.

I gave some final quick, deep thrusts into Joy's warm, wet body. As my
body tingled and shook, my cock spasmed and rhythmically spurted a load of
come into her pussy, filling her with my seed. (It had been quite awhile
since my last orgasm, so I was sure that I had come a large amount). Not
wanting the spasms to end just yet, I continued thrusting perhaps a dozen
times, trying to fully drain my balls and ejaculate even more fluids into
her, until the spasms stopped.

"Oh, Joy, that felt SO good, being in you and coming inside of you."
"Umm hmm, it felt nice to me, also....." she replied, catching her breath.

I felt very close to her at this moment, happy that she had shared with me
the deepest, most intimate parts of herself, as I had with her.

I moved my arm from under her shoulder, and supported myself above her
with both arms. Looking fondly into her blue eyes, I gazed at her body
from her eyes to her legs. She had a warm smile on her face, and gave me
a quick kiss on the lips. Her nipples were still erect. I couldn't help
but again sucking them into my mouth and nibbling! Her chest was flushed
and misted with perspiration.  Damn she had a nice body!

The moving of our bodies together had combined with our thrusting to make
a white, bubbly lather of her juices and my semen all over our genitals,
which also matted in our pubic hair.  The shaft of my cock, still half
inside of Joy, was covered, as were my balls and a large portion of Joy's
inner thighs, from me sliding back and forth along the fluids.

I did not pull out of her for awhile, wanting, instead, to savor the
closeness of her. Her legs and arms held me tight, the pulsating of her
vagina squeezing my cock, as I grew soft.  We talked for awhile, then
eventually she wanted to go and cleanup, so I slowly pulled out of her.
She got out of bed and stood up. Feeling a new wetness, she looked down
and giggled as she saw my semen drain from her partly-open vagina and
run down her thighs.

"Has it been awhile, Rick? You sure had a lot of come!" she teased.

Grabbing a nearby towel, she held it to her crotch as she quickly walked
to the bathroom.  I got up a few minutes later, and went to clean up as
well.

"Let me do that for you", she said.
"Okay, I'd like that".

Rarely has a woman cleaned the fluids from my cock after we had just made
love. I stood closely by the sink, my cock hanging by the basin. She got a
washcloth and soap and cleaned it off, stroking it a few times to get any
remaining fluids out.

"Thanks" said I.
"You're very welcome", she said.

She put on her pink nightgown again. While she held another towel to her
pussy to absorb any additional trickling, I put my arm around her waist,
and we walked to the stereo to put on another album.  We sat down on the
couch, close to each other.  On instinct, I looked down and damned if
those sweet nipples of hers weren't still erect! Raising her gown over
her thighs, I lowered my hand to her bush and rested it there, moving my
fingers through her still-damp hairs. She put her head on my shoulder.  I
was pleasantly exhausted,  but looking foward to the next time we got
together. Does she like to be eaten? Would I be tasting her down there
next time, I wondered?

This was not the last time that Joy and I were intimate, but it was the
most memorable.
