                         -12- Save the last dance for me


Birds do sing a lot in the morning. There must have been thousands of them
outside, all chirping away. Eileen was lying awake, watching me. When she
realized that I was awake, she smiled. "Jack?"

"What?"

"I'm hungry. Will you take me up to the house for breakfast?"

"Sure, but can I wash up, first?"

"Uh huh. There's an outdoor shower out back. There's usually hot water,
too.

We had brought our terry cloth robes with us from the pool. They came in
handy.  Eileen was wearing hers. I was still naked. The robes were kind of
short. The smaller one that Eileen had on stopped way above her knees when
she was standing. Lying down and only loosely tied around her, it
emphasized rather than hid her charms. The kid had fine looking legs.
Instead of heading for the shower I ran my hand up and down, from her knee
to her thigh and back again. When I slipped under the hem of the robe to
feel even higher up her leg, there was no objection. I marveled again at
the total freedom I had to enjoy this truly beautiful child.

Ordinarily, the exertions of the previous evening would have kept my sex
drive quiet for at least a week. I didn't know when, if ever, I might again
share a bed with this lovely nymphet. My cock started sending me "Lets do
it again," messages. Her robe had a cloth belt holding it closed. Just a
little tug and it slipped open. It was like the first time all over again
seeing that smooth, firm, young body. Her nips were just coming out. She
probably wore a bra when she was dressed, but she could have gotten by
without one. There wasn't much swell to her breasts but the nipples had
started to spread and were taking on a darker color. I lowered my head and
gently feasted on the early signs of her coming maturity.

At the same time, my hands went around her hips to reexamine her ass and
backside. I was getting to know every curve and depression. From the upper
part of her thighs, over the cheeks of her ass and up her back.

Lying there, side by side, my mouth at her tiny breasts, I looked up into
her face. Eileen was watching me with that same sullen look she'd given me
in the pool. She was enjoying what I was doing to her. She wasn't smiling
or anything, but she liked what I was doing. I would expect to see an
expression like that on the face of a woman having sex, but on a
twelve-year old girl it was just a little scary. Of course, she knew more
than a child her age is supposed to know. It's just that seeing that
awareness on such a pretty, young face was unnerving .

   Then the storm hit. I forgot all about how young she was. All I knew was
that she was an attractive female and I wanted to fuck her. The old
fashioned way. As easy as could be I rolled her on her back, crawled up on
top and did it to her. It was quick, and dirty. No magic. No romance. Just
a quick, sweet, good morning, fuck.

********

   At the main house, someone had put out a buffet table of breakfast
goodies. I settled for coffee and doughnuts. It was time to round up Mindy
and get started for home. A few girls were standing around talking, and
drinking orange juice. Outside, I could see two men walking up to the
house. Everyone was dressed. They seemed different. Is that an odd thing to
say?  Of course they were different. Clothing created a barrier. Yesterday,
in the pool, those girls were all available to me. Now they seemed
untouchable. We had all gone back to our everyday roles. The party was
over. Fantasyland was closed.

   Would I come back here? I didn't know. As exciting as it was, I didn't
know if I would. I certainly didn't mind plugging some guy's cute little
girl. It was them doing it to my daughter that didn't seem quite right.
What had Sandy said? 'If you renege, we'll be unhappy?' What did that mean?
Would some strong arm guys come around to change my mind? Would they
connive to have me fired? Was this like the Mafia? Once you're in, you're
in and the only way out is through the cemetery gates?
