


                    2 - Learning the steps
           
By the time it grew dark, the girls were soon ready to go to sleep. We all
were. The fresh air and the running around had tired us out.
           
There were yawns all around as I watched my girls slip into their cots and
then I turned down the lights. Sue crawled into our bed and I followed her
moments later. Once our eyes grew accustomed to the dark, there was just
enough light from a lamp post outside to let us see what we were doing.
           
"Goodnight, girls," Sue said, snuggling up tight against me.

At the same time, her hands dropped down between my legs and she began
massaging me. Longing for the hardness that had been denied me all day, I
was ready for action in seconds!
           
"Watch it, " I whispered, my hands rising to cup her small breasts, "I
don't think they're all asleep, yet."
           
"If you wait much longer, I'll be asleep. You better do something now, or
forget it."
           
I didn't reply, the time for talk had already passed. My hands roved over
the smoothness of Sue's nude body, caressing her breasts, stroking her
belly . . . and accepting the invitation to probe the moist, warm opening
between her legs.
           
As I pounded Sue harder and harder the covers slipped down to expose us.
The light was dim, but my eyes had adjusted so that I could see just Sue's
nude form under me. Her nipples were hard and erect . . . her eyes closed
in ecstasy.
           
A movement off to the side caught my attention and I glanced over to see
Mindy resting on her elbows, apparently watching us. She had to be. There
wasn't anything else going on in our corner of the cabin. It was warm and
her covers were down, too. I could just make out her form, exposed to the
waist. Startled, I stopped and just lay there, wondering what to do.
           
"Why are you stopping?" Sue whispered, "I'm not done, yet."
           
"Mindy's awake . . . and watching us," I whispered back.
           
"Are you sure? I can't see her from here."
           
We were like two conspirators. "Yes."
           
Sue wiggled a bit underneath me, trying to recapture the moment. "Come on.
Do it slow and let's finish."
           
Unsure of what to do about Mindy, yet wanting to go on, I slowly renewed
thrusting myself into Sue. I could see Mindy out of the corner of my eye.
She was as still as could be but she was watching every move we made.
           
Then something peculiar happened. Some horny, little devil must have gotten
inside me and turned things around. I began to take pleasure from Mindy’s
presence. The fact that she was lying there a few feet away, naked and
watching me have sex with her mother was exciting. That’s exactly how I
thought about it, and the more I rolled the idea around in my head the more
I liked it. How wonderfully erotic. How sinfully delicious. My lust went
into overdrive.



Was it illusion or reality? I don't know but I swear my cock got a little
bigger and a little harder. Mindy's watching was turning me on in a way I
had never known before. It was like Sue and I had just met and we were
doing it for the first time. You know how that is? I don't mean giving up
your virginity. I mean, doing it with somebody you've never done it with
before. There's a special quality about that kind of sex. There's a novelty
about it, a sense of strangeness that is compelling.
           
Whatever was happening to me must have been contagious. Sue started to
respond to my heightened passion. She clawed her fingers into my back and
began meeting my strokes. She was bouncing up off the bed and slamming into
me every time I pushed down.  We went on that way, going at each other
harder and harder. At the same time I watched Mindy out of the corner of my
eye and wondered what she thought of our performance. Finally, I felt Sue
shuddering and moaning under me. Her vagina closed down around my penis,
pulsing like a soft warm hand as she thrilled beneath me . . . and I lost
it, too.
           
When next I looked toward Mindy, she had disappeared under the covers.
           
In the morning, when we rose, nothing was said of Mindy's watching, and I
pretty much didn't give it another thought. Being it was Sunday, we had to
think about returning to the city that night.
           
*****

In order to spend more time at the resort, on the following weekend we
headed out on Friday night instead of Saturday morning. It amused me to see
how quickly we had all become used to being naked. Everyone, even Mindy,
stripped in the open cabin without any prompting. It was even funny, in a
way.

During that first weekend, while I was checking out my girls, they were
doing the same thing to Sue and me. After all, they'd never seen a naked
adult of either sex.
     
During the first weekend, all three of the girls kept stealing looks at us.
Sue and I knew what they were looking at and could easily guess what they
were thinking. Naturally, being the only male in the family, I aroused more
curiosity than Sue.
           
Even though we were all more at ease on the next weekend, the girls still
hadn't entirely gotten used to the idea. Every once in awhile one of them
would flick her eyes down between my legs. They couldn't resist the
temptation of looking. Mindy did it more than Polly, and little Suzy hardly
looked at all. Whenever Mindy saw that I was aware of her looking, she'd
turn away, obviously embarrassed. You could see her struggling with
herself, trying not to look, and then she'd do it again.

I'm not suggesting that my girls went around all day gawking at me, or any
other man. They didn't. However, Mindy was looking me over just often
enough to where I became sensitive to it and I even began to anticipate it.
I could often tell from her body language when she was going to do it. It
didn't bother me. In fact I liked it. Knowing that she was admiring me
pumped up my ego. In all honesty I have to tell you that I enjoyed looking
at Mindy, too. She was my daughter but she was also a pretty girl, just
starting to ripen into a woman. To observe her at this stage, up close and
unclothed, filled me with awe. There were benefits to nudism that I hadn't
thought of before we got into it.
           
The heightened sense of awareness that nudity brought, and being in a
strange bed were too much for Sue and I. As soon as we dared, after turning
the lights out, we reached for each other and began making love. About
midway through the fun, I remembered what had happened the week before.
Without missing a stroke, I glanced over to Mindy's cot and sure enough,
she was watching us.
           
Once again I started getting that odd feeling. Mindy's watching was feeding
my lust. The first time, I had turned my head away and sort of checked on
Mindy out of the corner of my eye. This time, I didn't turn away. Neither
did Mindy. In the dark we couldn't see each other's faces but I'm sure she
knew I was looking at her.

It had fallen to Sue to talk to our girls about sex. I didn't know how
often or to what extent Sue had discussed these things with Mindy, but I
knew the conversations had taken place. Mindy must have known what Sue and
I were doing.
           
The more Mindy watched, the more I liked it. Such brazen and out of
character behavior on her part was strangely stimulating.
           
Sue caught my excitement just as before, but this time I didn't say
anything to her about Mindy. I just let things go and we had a good time
together. Later in the weekend Sue commented on how much she enjoyed our
sex at the camp. Fucking-in-the-forest, as she called it, was different,
and more satisfying. My wife chalked it up to being nude outdoors,
moonlight, fresh air and all that.
     
This was probably a good part of it, but I had to give Mindy some of the
credit. For the rest of the summer, every Friday and Saturday night when we
were at the camp, we'd go to bed early and have sex. Mindy missed a couple
of nights, but most of the time she would be there, waiting to tune us in
like we were a favorite TV show.

Sue and I had been together for almost 15 years. We had been faithful to
our marriage vows but I suppose after that much time, we were sort of used
to each other. This bizarre, new spin on our sex was something that I liked
very much.
           
Both of us were having a good time and I couldn't see where any real harm
was being done. So, as the summer wore on I never told Sue that we had an
audience, much less that I liked the idea. When we crawled into bed on
those weekend nights, I was more than just ready for sex. I was eager for
it and almost couldn't wait. It was exciting in a way I hadn't known since
before we got married and I loved it. Oh, yes. Having Mindy watch us fuck
definitely added to the fun.
           
Vicariously, I was bringing Mindy into bed with us. I was not that thick
headed that I didn't see this, right off. What I couldn't see, at the time,
was where this business was headed. Without realizing it, I had already
taken several steps down a strange, new road.

*****
           
Early one morning toward the end of summer, just before dawn, I woke with a
full bladder and slipped out of bed to relieve myself. While crossing the
cabin to the bathroom, I glanced over to where the girls were sleeping and
caught my breath. Mindy was lying on top of the covers. She was naked, of
course, and on her back. Her legs were open and one knee was drawn up, like
she was going to kick something.
           
I stepped over to the cot to get a better look. The moonlight coming
through the cabin window gave a pale glow to her girlish form. It was easy
to pick out the details of that sensuous, young body.
      
There was an air of unreality about seeing her like that . . . she didn't
look like Mindy. She seemed more like a young, sleeping goddess or perhaps
a forest nymph. Coming as no surprise, I grew an erection looking at my
daughter. You see, Mindy had been giving me erections all summer, every
time she watched me have sex with her mother. It's just that I had been
directing my feelings toward Sue.
      
Now, standing before the sleeping girl, our roles were reversed. It was I
doing the watching, and for the first time, I openly admitted to myself
that sex with her was a possibility.
          
Quicker than it takes to tell it, I reminded myself that I was entering
dangerous waters. Mindy was only ten years old. Men my age are not supposed
to be interested in girls that young. She was also still a virgin and I had
no right to take that from her. Finally, and most important, she was my
daughter and at any age I should not be fooling around with her.

Rather than cooling my emotions these thoughts had the opposite effect..
Knowing that I wasn’t supposed to do anything with her only made me want
her more. She was so sweet and she looked so inviting, lying there naked
and helpless before me. Kneeling down beside her, I reached between my
daughter’s legs. The feel of her firm, young girl flesh was incredible.
Never in my life had I experienced anything quite like it.
           
She was dry. I could just get my finger into her opening. Slowly and
carefully I worked my way deeper into that little vagina. She stirred a bit
and I froze, waiting for her to come awake. After a moment or two I decided
she was still asleep and resumed my exploration. Inside her, I began to
feel a little moisture. I marveled at the fact that as young as she was and
still asleep, her body was reacting to my touch. My other hand closed
around my rock hard shaft and I began slowly stroking myself. I don't
remember how long I lingered there, enjoying my girl's sexuality, but it
had to be several minutes. It was a marvelous, incredible experience. She
was new. She was fresh. I was touching her, feeling her in a personal,
intimate way that she had never known before. She was asleep but I could
tell that her body was feeling the pleasure of my hand within her. The
inside of her little cunt was getting warmer and wetter. Was she dreaming
of a young love?
      
Eventually she stirred again, and the thought of her coming awake and
finding me at her side drove me off. As quietly as I could, I slipped into
the bathroom. My cock was still hard. Nothing could happen until I got rid
of the erection, but it wouldn't go down. All I could think of was Mindy,
lying there, waiting for me. I had touched my daughter in a way that
fathers are not supposed to do, and I liked it. I liked it a lot.
      
It was like discovering a new world and I wanted to go exploring. All kinds
of wild, unspeakable temptations were crowding in on me. Should I go back
and touch her again? No, that would be wrong. Suppose she woke up?
           
Finally, hidden from my family and fantasizing about Mindy, I masturbated.
It had been years since I'd done it and I felt a little foolish. For the
time being, though, my problem was solved. My excitement subsided, I was
able to urinate and then go back to bed.
         
Mindy was safe for a while. I had tamed the beast, but I knew it would be
back. A change had come over me. Snuggled up to my wife, it was a while
before I drifted off into a restless sleep.
           
After this I felt I should tell Sue what had been going on. I didn't tell
her everything of course and, as a result of my sanitized version of
events, Sue was unconcerned and refused to make an issue of it. She even
confided in me that she had watched her parents when she was a child. To
me, it was a serious matter because of the way I was starting to feel about
Mindy. I just couldn't bring myself to say these things to Sue. As the
summer drew to a close, we continued to play our parts in the weekend sex
drama. Sue and I went on making love to each other, but I was looking at
and thinking about Mindy while we did it.
           
*****

Before this business began, Mindy was just my little girl and that's all.
When I thought about sex, I thought about my wife, or occasionally some
other good looking woman who might have just walked by. Now, when I thought
about sex I would often think about Mindy, lying naked in the moonlight,
her legs spread apart and her sweet, little vagina open and waiting for me.
Having admitted to myself that the girl was getting to me, it became
increasingly difficult to hide my feelings. At times, especially when we
were at camp, I'd look at Mindy and start to get an erection. It was
embarrassing to say the least. With varying degrees of success I fought to
control myself. Sue did not seem to have caught on to what was happening,
and when she did notice me getting hard, she naturally assumed it was for
her. I don't think this was true of Mindy. Perhaps because she was the
object of my lust, she seemed to know that I had developed a new kind of
interest in her. Once in awhile our eyes would meet, and she'd give me a
funny look. I almost didn’t want to think about it because it seemed so
crazy. Yet, I could swear that somehow this sweet, innocent ten-year old
girl of mine knew how I felt about her and she wasn’t bothered by it. It
really was a strange kind of game.
           
On the last weekend of the season something unusual happened. The camp we
were at was built in a    wide expanse of woodlands with small lakes and
ponds scattered all around. Sue and I had taken our three girls to the
swimming pool. After settling them in we decided to take a walk in the
woods. We wandered into the trees quite some ways and Sue began acting like
a young girl . . .laughing and teasing me. When you've been married as long
as we were, it's easy to tell when your partner has fucking on her mind. It
didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out where Sue was leading me or
what she wanted to do when we got there. In time we found ourselves in a
little grassy clearing beside a small pond. It was really a nice, romantic
setting and it looked like we were far enough off the regular paths that no
one would disturb us. Sue turned abruptly to me, spread her feet apart and
rested her hands on her hips. "Let's do it here."
           
Oddly, for me, I wasn't really up for sex at that particular moment.
Something in the back of my mind told me that this wasn't the right place.
I wasn't about to tell Sue that an inner voice told me not to fuck, but I
couldn't think of anything else to say. I just sort of stood there with
what was probably a stupid expression on my face.
           
"I want to do it, here and now. How often do you get an offer like this
from a naked woman?" Sue had this really lewd smile on her face. I'd only
seen her look that way when she was drunk but on this occasion she hadn't
been drinking. My wife was intoxicated by the prospect of sex. Moving like
a cat she stepped up to me, dropped to her knees and grabbed my prick.
Without so much as a how-do-you-do, her mouth closed around my cock and Sue
began licking and sucking on me while at the same time masturbating me.
      
Needless to say, it didn't take long to get me in the mood.
           
"OK . . . I think you're ready." Sue suddenly said, letting my prick slip
from her mouth, "Now, shove it in!" I stared at her as she turned and
dropped to her hands and knees. Her ass was aimed at me, her knees were
wide apart, and her hairy cunt was waiting for me to make the next move.
           
The urge was on me now and I dropped to my knees behind her. She was more
than ready. Sue was almost frantic with desire. She actually cursed me when
I fumbled my first attempt to penetrate her. I'd never, in all the years we
were together, known her to act this way. She was seemingly possessed by a
demon. She wanted to fuck bad, really bad.
           
Once I got it in, she went absolutely nuts. No matter how hard I banged
into her, she wanted more. She kept telling me, that's how I knew. I was
afraid that when I finally shot my load into her she'd still be pushing her
ass out looking for someone, or something to fuck. What was I going to do?
           
With more control than I ever thought I had, I held back and kept thrusting
into my woman. Sue had already come once and we were riding toward another
climax. Again, I knew what she was going through because she kept passing
regular bulletins on her emotional state. Only she was using foul, gutter
language that I'd never heard come from her lips before. Sue could let
loose when she was upset, but I'd never heard talk like that from her
before. Where did she learn that stuff?

Then she started comparing me to her father. A cold chill went through me.
It sounded like Sue and her father had done it but when? Recently? No, that
was impossible. He didn't live nearby and we rarely saw him. When she was a
child? God! I thought of what was going on between Mindy and I.
           
All of a sudden I noticed a movement in the trees. Someone, or something,
was watching us. If ever there was a time when I wanted to be alone with my
wife, this was definitely it. Who in the hell was creeping around in the
bushes?
           
Well, let me tell you brother, I had my hands full with a woman, who, for
all I knew, had gone crazy. I wasn't in the mood for any peeping tom. Of
course, it might have been a bear and then Sue and I both would be in big
trouble. Sue's wild behavior, and even wilder talk, had infected me and I
was being pulled down into the depths of animalistic sex. I figured if it
was a human watching us he was getting one hell of a show. If it was an
animal, it would have to contend with my wife. She was crazy mad for
fucking and I didn't want to be the one to tell her she had to stop.
           
"God damn!"
           
It was Mindy. She moved just as I was looking her way and I spotted her, in
the shadow of the trees. At that moment I could have killed her. My
emotions were all twisted in knots and she had nearly given me a heart
attack. In a burst of anger I grabbed tight onto Sue's hips and fucked for
all I was worth. If Mindy wanted to see people having sex, I was going to
show her what it was like. If Sue thought her father could fuck better than
me, I was going to prove otherwise. I looked right at Mindy, knowing she
could see me, and motioned to her to come over to us.
      
You'll have to forgive me but at the moment I had alternately been
experiencing fear, anger and sexual desire. All these different emotions
were running through me like race cars. If Mindy had come to us, I would
have thrown her on the ground and fucked her, right there in front of her
mother. It would have been more out of anger than desire but I'm sure I
would have done it.

She didn't come near, so I just kept banging into Sue, harder and harder.
           
The change in tempo must have been just what Sue was wanting. She calmed
down and matched my thrusts. We were working together and I could feel the
explosion building within me. Once again, Mindy was contributing to one of
my orgasms. I was getting to where I really liked the idea.
           
Suddenly it was over and Sue and I slumped to the grass, enjoying the
afterglow. I looked over to where Mindy had been standing . . . but she was
gone. The naked girl in the shadows had disappeared. Somehow it didn't seem
to matter anymore.
           
On the way back I casually mentioned to Sue that Mindy had followed us.
"God. Are you sure, Jack?"
           
"I'm as sure as I could be about anything, babe. I saw her plain as day,
standing near a tree and watching us."
           
"OK. I'll talk to her. Don't say anything, Jack. Let me handle it."
           
It sounded good to me and I agreed.
           

*****

Once we were packed and before we got into the car. Sue took Mindy off some
ways. I couldn't hear what was being said but I knew what the topic was.
There wasn't any screaming or anything, mostly Sue talked and mostly Mindy
listened. It didn't last long but Polly and Suzy wanted to know what they
were doing. No way was I going to give an honest answer to that question.
While they were standing together, I noticed that Mindy was almost as tall
as her mother. She was growing up fast. When they came back, I put my arm
around Mindy and gave her a good hug. We didn't say anything but from the
look in her eyes, I felt that some new bond of understanding had been
forged between us. I was beginning to feel like a man with two wives.
           
We left the resort about six that evening and headed back to the city. We
had played hard all weekend and the others slept while I drove. Sue was
nestled against my side and the two younger girls were in the back of the
van. Mindy was lying on the seat behind me and I could just see her in the
rear view mirror. We had been on the road about half an hour or so when I
noticed something in the mirror. Mindy had worn a simple shift dress for
the ride home, and now she was lying there on her back with one knee
raised.
           
It required me to readjust the mirror, but I knew what I would see. The hem
of the loose fitting dress had slipped over Mindy's upraised knee and
dropped to her waist. She wasn't wearing panties!
     
There in the mirror was a perfect view of her long, slender legs, all the
way up her shapely thighs, and finally, in the dim light I could just make
out the cleft of her opening. For some ten miles or so I just took lots of
peeks into the mirror and enjoyed the sight. Even though I'd seen her nude
every weekend this summer, looking at her asleep and with her dress pulled
up made it different. It reminded me of that night when I'd touched her.
Besides, now that the season was over, I probably wouldn't be seeing my
girl in the nude for a long time. This was my last chance to enjoy her.
Eventually Mindy moved in her sleep, changed her position and the show was
over.
                       
What was happening to me? I spent the remainder of the drive considering
recent events. Never before had I been interested in a girl anywhere near
Mindy's age; at least not since I had been in grade school. Now, here I
was, lusting for this ten-year old child, my own daughter. Worse, I had
already fondled her and to simply say it was fun would be an enormous
understatement. Mindy, with her youth and innocence, and her budding
sexuality offered a powerful, new kind of erotic pleasure that I had never
known before.
      
She was like an addictive drug, and I was hooked. Inwardly, I wrestled with
myself over the matter. On the one hand, all the arguments about her youth,
her innocence and being my daughter made sense. On the other, I kept
remembering the way it felt that night in the moonlight when I put my hand
between her legs. She wasn't even awake and had no idea I'd done it, yet it
was unbelievably thrilling. What would it be like if she was awake, and
could respond to me? The mere thought of that was enough to set my head
spinning. What was happening to me? Was I becoming some sort of pedophile
monster, like the ones the papers always seemed to be talking about?
           
                    

