Archive-name: Bondage/jstdream.txt
Archive-author: Gerald Schlueter
Archive-title: Just a Dream


I was still lying in bed, thinking about the day. I hate getting up, and
I hated it even more on this day, because I had lots of boring stuff to
do. But this was my fault, since I always push all the boring things I
have to do up to the last limit, and this day was a day, where all came
together.

We had a great party at my house the day before, and my mind wasn't clear
yet. The only thing I could do, to kill this day, was not to think. And
that was the first what I did, so immediatly after thinking 'not' to think,
I stopped, and got up.

After doing all the stuff you have to do before you can leave a house,
I just sat down in a chair, to calm down. That because my
brain always presented me the pictures of the day, the waiting in long long
lines for example to get a new passport, the police politely telling me to
drive more slowly (they got a photo of me, and want me to come for
identification). I had to talk with the bank, so that I get more money
from them and...

The door bell rang. Who was that? What the heck, I'll open. It was the
gasman, who wanted to get in to check, how much heat I had wasted. At first
I didn't notice it, but he had a whip in his hand. How strange! I didn't
dare to ask him, why he carried a whip with him, maybe because I wasn't
fully awake at that time. When I gave my signature, he told me, that I
am too slow, and it is time to get a punishment, and started without
any question to beat me up with it.

I jumped and screamed, and told him to leave. He said that I had enough
of punishment, he will leave now, and thats what he did. Hell did it hurt,
but at the same time, it felt quite good. First time this happened to me,
maybe the day will be special.

The next event happened in the elevator. This awful dead looking old woman,
who never took her coat off, hopped in, on the 5th floor. But this time, all
dressed up in leather, a belt made of handcuffs, heavy boots, high heels, and 
looked at me in a way, that I took my internal list of all safe-words I knew,
just in case I'll need one. Well, she didn't do anything to me.

In the taxi, I noticed there were no seat belts. The young lady (which
also didn't look too normal, very short skirt, the rest of her body
wrapped up in chains) told me, that I should not worry about them, and
she was right, since immediately after I sat down, some mechanical hands
came out of the seat, and pushed me firmly into it. What a grip! I couldn't
move a bit. The same happened to my feet. The last thing she wanted
me to say was to tell her the destination, then she gagged and blindfolded me.

"I hate noisy customers, and I also hate them telling me, how to drive, so
 I have to do this to you, but I am sure, you understand."

I didn't say anything, I just noticed, that the hands grabbed me stronger
and stronger, the longer she drove, and they started moving. It still didn't
hurt, but it wouldn't take long, and then it would. I started to struggle,
but I believe, that she didn't even notice. Finally, she stopped, and
took off the blindfold and the gag.

"That makes..." and she started to look at the pressure of the arms still
holding me "oh I just take what I deserve for it." She started to search
my pockets, and took some money from me. A reasonable amount. It was fair.
Then she pressed a button, I was released, and pushed me out of the car.

I still had to recover. The pressure was unbearable at the end, and I was
lying there on the street. A school class came by, and the little children
just walked over me, as if I wouldn't be there. I was surprised, that their
teacher didn't stop them. I turned around, and try'd to get up. When the
teacher came, he kicked me back to the ground, telling me, that he just
wants his kids to have some fun.

After that, I finally got some time to find back to myself, so I stood up,
and walked into the place, where you get your passport. I expected a
long long line, but to my amazement, I was the only one, in the great
hall. At least I believed it. A woman came, and told me, to follow her.
She turned me around, and then I saw it: All waiting people chained to the
wall! She guided me to a free spot, and put me in chains. She said, when
the time comes, I will be freed, and then they'll serve me. Till then, I
just have to wait.

I began to get crazy. What happened to this world? The moment the cuffs
made click around my wrist, I suddenly began to shake, and the light began
to fade. The picture just ran away, and suddenly I was lying in my bed.

What a dream!

I got up, and made myself a coffee. I didn't feel as tired as in my dream,
it still was just too real.

Again after doing all the morning stuff, I sat down. Again the gasman came,
but he was normal. Again this old lady joined me in the elevator, and she
looked as ugly as ever. Life had me back again.

Not for long. Someone asked me in front of a supermarket, to watch his
dog, while he went shopping. I agreed. I was also surprised, that he cuffed
his dog to a ring, made for that purpose. And I was even more surprised,
that he cuffed me to another ring, beside the other one.

People came along, and began to play with me, tease me. One woman tore
my t-shirt off, another one tickled me. I was stunned. Suddenly I noticed
a couple, approaching me, she had a very big whip, and he carried a
large plastic dildo, with which he pointed at me, and both were really excited.
The people working on me, just ran away. Maybe they knew this couple.

I prayed for the release. They came closer and closer, and she already
played with the whip, whipping some trees on her way, making branches
fall to the floor. I imagined how my arms would fall off, just like these
branches, and I sure was scared.

The moment they were really close, maybe the last moment before the one,
they would begin, the guy came back out of the store, told them to step
aside, so that he can get his dog.

"And me? What about me? " I asked. "Oh yes, I forgot, he said, thank you
very much.". Then he left. I was again alone, still chained to this ring,
with a strange couple in front of me, ready to eat me for dinner.

The moment she started to whip me, the moment he started to open my pants
to put this dildo in action, the moment I had this big and wonderful
orgasm by all these strange events, everything again began to fade, the
pain went away, and I wasn't scared any more. I was ready to wake up, one
more time.

But I didn't. Everything kept beeing black, emptyness around me, no
temperature, no excitement, just plain NOTHING surrounded me.

Now I knew, that I was dreamt by someone else. So please, whoever you are,
please go back to sleep, so that I may live.

--
