                          JUST GOOD FRIENDS
                          -----------------
                           by Rick Restless

              Uploaded to Pink Triangle by Derek Higgins


    A couple of weeks ago I received a call from a mate of mine I knew
from my time at university. His name was Gary and he was the tall ath-
lete type.  He always  had crowds  of girls  around him and because he
never gave any inkling that he might be gay I suppose I tended to sort
of worship  him from  afar. Of course I'd always fancied him, from the
moment I  first spotted  him queueing up at Fresher's week to join the
rowing team.  He always  wore very  tight faded jeans that set off his
arse to  very pleasing  effect and  usually sported a telling bulge at
the front  to inspire  the imagination. At one stage I even considered
joining the  rowing team  myself just  so I  could be  near him in the
changing rooms and showers but somehow other attractions took hold and
we ended up being good friends but nothing more.

    Anyway that  was all  six or seven years ago and the call from him
came rather  out of  the blue  although we had kept in touch intermit-
tently since  leaving university.  It seemed  that he was going to get
married shortly  and he was bringing his fiancee to London for a short
break. Naturally I jumped at the chance of inviting them to stay and I
was delighted when he accepted.

    All the  pent up  lust came flooding back as I remembered watching
him on  race days  when he  and the  rest of  the team  cut powerfully
through the  water their  strong pecs  and biceps rippling with energy
and vigour.  I busied  around tidying the flat and in a couple of days
it was time for them to arrive.

    I trembled  with anticipation  when the door bell finally rang and
when I  opened the door I was certainly not disappointed. For there he
stood looking  just like  he had the last time I had seen him. He even
seemed to  be wearing  the same  old pair of jeans. He may have put on
the tiniest  amount of  extra weight  but he  still had the trim lithe
figure that  I remembered.  And he  still had that bulge which made me
swallow when  I saw  it. Maybe my glance dwelled rather too long on it
but I  was momentarily  mesmerized by the distinct outline of his cock
and balls pushed tight against the denim material. He introduced Carol
his fiancee and we went in and I made some coffee.

    We chatted  for a while about old times and various mutual friends
and acquaintances. Carol seemed very nice and before long I felt as if
I had  known her  for as  long as Gary and I had been friends. She was
quite slim  and petite  with a shapely but not over-endowed figure. In
fact it  struck me as I looked at her that she could be mistaken for a
boy under the right circumstances.

    Anyway it had been quite late when they arrived and they had had a
long journey  and before  long they  said they'd  rather like to go to
bed. I showed them to the spare room which adjoined mine and went into
the kitchen to wash up the cups and generally tidy up for the morning.
Eventually I got to my own bed and as I lay there I heard the sound of
gigging coming  through the wall. The walls of my flat are very flimsy
and as  the minutes ticked by the sounds became louder and more insis-
tent. The giggling gave way to cooing and sighing and I imagined Carol
playing with  Gary's stiffening  cock. Of  course these  thoughts were
having their  effect on  my own  prick which was now sticking out hard
against the bed covers.

    I heard  the bed springs creak as they changed position and a des-
perate gasp  from both  of them signified I guessed that he was easing
his throbbing cock into her cunt. The gasps were now grunts which came
regularly spaced  and in  synchronism with  the sounds  of heaving and
thrusting and  bed springs twanging. By now I was wanking furiously as
I imagined  Gary's desirable  arse thrusting up and down and his prick
slipping and  sliding in  her  juicy  cunt.  The  grunts  were  coming
slightly more slowly now but louder as he thrust a little harder and a
little deeper  with each  stroke. I let up tossing myself a little be-
cause I  could feel  a terrific orgasm welling up and I wanted to pro-
long my excitement for as long as I could.

    Carol was  starting to  call out  now, "fuck  me  harder,  Gary...
faster,... make me come." Now she was uttering little grunts and gasps
as he  screwed her with all his might. Eventually she cried, "I'm com-
ing, I'm  coming," and Gary let out a groan of release as he said, "Oh
Carol feel  my hot creamy load, I'm shooting, I'm shooting." The sound
of their  two orgasms  was too  much for my aching balls to bear and I
spurted wave after wave of hot cum all over my chest. Then gradually I
fell asleep.

    During the  night I  was wakened  two or  three more  times as the
sound of  silence was interrupted by the sound of Gary heaving himself
on top  of Carol  and furiously  fucking her  time after time. Both of
them seemed  to be  utterly insatiable and during my disturbed night I
schemed how  I might  arrange matters  tomorrow so  as to join them in
their orgiastic activities.

    The next  day I  had to get up early and travel to Birmingham. All
the way  there and  all through the day I kept thinking about the fan-
tastic sessions I'd overheard the night before between Gary and Carol.
My cock  kept leaping around in my underpants as if to remind me to do
something about  relieving its frustration the coming evening. I had a
couple of  meetings to  attend but my mind just wasn't on the proceed-
ings at  all; instead  visions of  Gary and Carol screwing in my spare
room kept drifting into my consciousness and my hand kept disappearing
under the table to gently stroke my aching cock - as if by way of con-
solation. I  left the  second meeting  as soon as I possibly could and
hurried back to London to see what awaited me.

    It was  about six  o'clock when I got home and Gary and Carol were
busy in the kitchen preparing a salad for us. It had been a sweltering
day and they were both dressed in their shorts to stay cool. Carol was
also wearing the skimpy top half of a bikini but Gary was bare chested
and I  feasted my eyes on his stunning physique. I went into the bath-
room to  have a  shower and  get changed out of my suit into something
more comfortable.  While I was in the shower Gary came in on some pre-
text and  stood in  front of  the shower  while I  soaped my body. The
bulge which  I'd noticed  the day before in his jeans was all the more
prominent now  he was  in his  shorts. They  must have  been about two
sizes too small for him and I looked down in disbelief at his cock and
balls pressed tight between his abdomen and the material. It must have
been a  good six  inches and how much longer it would be when he had a
good hard-on I hardly dared to think.

    "I hope we didn't disturb you too much last night," he said with a
grin. "Well,"  I replied,"  I wouldn't exactly say that, you must have
been at it all fucking night." "Yea, I know," he said, "the trouble is
Carol gets  me that fucking randy I just can't help myself. I tell you
she's completely sex-mad and she won't take no for an answer. If she's
as bad  tonight I  might have  to call you in for some assistance!" He
looked down  at my  cock which was stiffening up nicely and then leant
into the  shower and stroked it saying, "that looks big enough to sat-
isfy her  I should  say." With  that he  turned and  went back  to the
kitchen. I nearly died.

    I decided  to put  on a  singlet and  a sexy pair of Lycra running
shorts as  it was  so hot. I checked myself in the mirror to make sure
I'd not  gone too  far over the top and joined them in the dining room
where they'd  laid out  the salad  and had opened two bottles of white
wine.

    A little  later when  we had finished the meal and had nearly pol-
ished off  all the wine we went into the next room to watch TV. We sat
down on  the sofa,  Carol between  myself and Gary. It's only really a
two seater  and consequently we were squashed up rather close together
and I felt Carol's leg pressing against my thigh. She brought her hand
down and  gently stroked  my leg saying, "Ooh you've got lovely strong
legs, Rick, you must do plenty of exercise." I felt my cock stiffening
up as  she pressed  more insistently  and her elbow brushed against my
balls. I suddenly realized that Gary was taking a keen interest in her
roving hands  and he was steadfastly staring down at my crutch looking
for signs  of arousal.  His own prick was moving slowly up towards the
waistband of his shorts

    "Gary's got  a lovely  big dick,"  Carol suddenly exclaimed with a
giggle and  leant across  with her  other hand and stroked it tenderly
through his shorts. "Would you like to see it?" she enquired. I looked
down at  the twitching  bulge between his legs and wanted nothing more
in the  whole world at that moment than for to feast my eyes and hands
and lips on it as I had longed to do for so many years. "Mmm," I said,
"that sounds  like an interesting idea, I don't mind if I do!" and she
made him lift his arse slightly and she pulled down his shorts forcing
them over his by now massive erection. It sprung out into the free air
and I  gazed in  awe at  the magnificent organ that it was. There must
have been  a good nine inches of it and he waved it around flopping it
against his  abdomen. It  rose out of a bush of tight curly hairs that
also surrounded  his leaden balls which were lolling around sluggishly
at its base.

    "Rick's got  quite a  specimen of  his own," said Gary, still gog-
gling at my stiff rod straining against the silky fabric of my shorts.
Unable to  contain himself  any longer  he reached over and rubbed his
hand up and down the length of my cock. Shivers ran down my spine as I
felt his sensitive fingers teasing my prick with little tickling move-
ments. Then  he grasped my cock more firmly through the Lycra and slid
the material  up and  down against  the shaft. Little drops of pre-cum
oozed out  to lubricate the action. By now Carol had worked one of her
hands round behind me and was sliding it down inside my shorts to fon-
dle my arse. I was so turned on by all this wanton activity I wondered
how long  I could hold off from shooting my load. Carol looked down at
me seductively and said, "It certainly looks a whopper. I wonder if it
matches up  to Gary's.  You two  boys must have the biggest cocks this
side of the Yurals, come on let's see which one gets the prize."

    Just what  particular prize  it was we were competing for I wasn't
quite sure  but I  let her  gently ease  down my shorts till they were
around my  ankles and  then she gripped my dick in her hand and rubbed
up and  down on  it to  ensure that it had reached its maximum length.
Then she instructed Gary and myself to stand facing each other and she
grabbed our  cocks in  her hand  to try  to align them and gauge their
relative immensity.  In fact  she needed two hands to contain our mas-
sive erections  and gripping  them hard she wanked us up and down. The
feel of  Gary's hard prick pressed against my own was just spell-bind-
ing and  I felt  I would  cum any moment but somehow I managed to hold
off. He'd  reached down  and released  her bikini  top and  was gently
fondling one  of her  breasts. I  obligingly took  the other one in my
hand and  caressed it  too. Then  I enveloped  the two of them with my
arms pulling  Gary's hard  chest tight against my own with Carol's two
tits pressed against our sides.

    Our three  pairs of  lips met  in a  long lingering  kiss  as  our
tongues darted  in and  out of each others mouths raising the tempera-
ture of our already heightened passion. Eventually Carol said, "Well I
just can't  decide, your  two cock's are like two peas in a pod, I de-
clare the contest a draw. You'll just have to share the trophy between
you." Well Carol was already as good as between us as she spoke and we
sat her back down on the sofa and pulled down her little shorts to ex-
pose her  lovely cunt oozing with slippy love juices. Gary slipped his
hand down  between her  legs and  parted her lips to run his finger up
and down  against her clitoris. She wriggled and writhed with pleasure
and let  out little gasps of approval while I pushed my head down into
her void and licked and sucked on her trickling cunt. She was becoming
more and more frenzied and finally she cried, "Fuck me one of you fuck
me, let me feel one of those big stiff cocks filling me up."

    Gary took  a couple of foil wrapped condoms out of a little pocket
in his  shorts and  handed them  to Carol to unroll over our quivering
erections. The  sudden production of a pair of condoms led me to thank
that all  this frenetic  activity might not have been quite as sponta-
neous as it at first appeared. Either way, Carol licked and sucked our
cocks till  they were  well and  truly lubricated  and then  slid  the
sheaths over  them with expert attention. I manoeuvred Gary round into
position, his rampant shaft poised at her entrance. Then I pushed down
firmly on his arse and watched as that enormous prick disappeared into
her hole. She groaned with desire as it went in and made little pelvic
thrusts up to meet it in its motion.

    Before long  his cock  was inside  her up  to the  hilt  and  they
started thrusting  and gyrating in unison as unrestrained passion took
complete control  of their bodies. Carol pulled my cock up to her lips
and sucked  up and  down on  it forcing  it deeper and deeper into her
throat. I  could feel  her tongue darting over the surface of its head
bringing me  closer and  closer to a stupendous climax. I brought both
my arms down over Gary's back and clasped the cheeks of his arse as it
pounded rhythmically  up and  down. Then  reaching down  I fondled his
beautiful balls  and his rigid rod slipping in and out. He brought his
own lips  down on  my cock to join Carol's and they took turns to suck
and slurp on my jutting erection.

    The sight  of Gary's  arse thrusting  relentlessly up and down was
filling me  with the  compelling desire to slip my own rampant cock up
him. With  him still  furiously  screwing  Carol  I  parted  his  legs
slightly and  eased myself  into position  on top  of  him,  my  chest
pressed down firmly against his back. All three of us were now so com-
pletely bathed  in sweat  that our bodies would stick together by suc-
tion when  they came  together and  then part noisily as our thrusting
forced us apart. The feel of my cock pressing into the crack in Gary's
arse was  driving him  wild and  he lifted his arse high up to meet it
and then descended back into Carol with a desperate lunges.

    With one  hand still fondling his balls I brought my other hand up
and with my index finger I started to stroke his adorable arse-hole. I
tickled and  teased it  and forced my finger in and rubbed against his
pituitary gland. I gazed down on his strong neck that Carol was biting
into as  the tension  built up.  I planted my lips on it diametrically
opposite Carol's  and before long he had a pair of whopping love-bites
adorning his lovely neck. He turned and whispered in my ear, "Shove it
right up  me Rick, I want you to fuck me with all your might. Shaft me
as hard  as you  like, I just want to take it all." I pushed my throb-
bing cock up against his hole and pressed gently but insistently until
it started to slip in.

    He moaned  with ecstasy  as my cock slid ponderously in and before
long it  was in as far as it would go. My abdomen pressed hard against
the fine hairs on the cheeks of his arse which bristled against me. My
cock was held vicelike in his sphincter as I paused to savour the per-
vasive warm  sensation I  was experiencing  around my  penis.  Then  I
slowly started  to take  up the  rhythm that  the other two had estab-
lished as  I commenced  thrusting with gradually stronger and stronger
strokes. We  gasped and  panted with  sheer exhilaration  as  the  in-
evitable climax to our session hurried closer.

    Faster and  faster Gary  shafted Carol  and I shafted Gary until I
could feel a tension building in my balls that I knew my release could
only be  seconds away.  I groaned as the pressure increased and gave a
final mighty plunge as the fountain suddenly burst with hot streams of
spunk surging  up through  my prick.  Wave after  wave spurted out, it
just didn't  seem to  stop. And  practically simultaneously  Gary  and
Carol climaxed.  I felt  Gary's sphincter  tighten round my cock as it
went into  spasms while  he shot  his load  into her. And I could feel
Carol's cunt  contracting wildly  as we  had the most fantastic triple
multiple orgasm you could possibly imagine.

    Well we  lay there for a long while after that totally and utterly
knackered but  blissfully content. Finally Gary turned to me and said,
"Well I  bet that  was the best fuck you ever had," and I had to admit
that it certainly was.
