

JUDY WETS HER PANTS

By C.U. Squirm, October 1996


I was out shopping about a year ago in an area where there were many small
stores extending a couple of miles along a city street. As I entered a
clothing store, which had men's and women's clothing, I noticed a group of
four girls that were all quite nice looking. They were all in their mid
twenties. One girl, a blue eyed, blonde who was probably the hottest of the
four, was wearing tight, faded blue jeans and a short, white tee-shirt that
showed off her totally flat stomach. She wore white tennis shoes. She had
nice tits. They were not too large or too small and were very firm and
pert. Her blue jeans were tight and you could see the outlines of her
string bikini panties through the well worn material.



After checking her out for a little while, I began to notice that she
couldn't really stand still for more than a couple of seconds and she kept
crossing her legs real tight, especially at the top. I was thinking "this
can't be...it's too good to be true. Could this totally hot girl have to
pee really bad?" I thought I'd try to move a little closer to her and get a
better view as well as possibly hear anything she might say about needing
to pee. Just then she said to one of her friends, another pretty blonde who
was wearing a flowered, thin, summer dress that extended down to about
eight inches above her knees, "Oh Lisa, OHH...I have to pee sooo bad! I
knew this would happen after we stopped at the coffee shop and I drank
those three cups of coffee. Oh, I never learn, this happens to me every
time!" Her friend responded, "Yeah I know what you mean, Judy. I have to
pee too! Coffee will get you every time." Just then Judy squeezed her legs
tightly together and bent her knees out in front of her and her incredible
ass out in the back of her. Then she almost squealed "Oh God I have to pee!
I'm going to see if they have a bathroom in here before I have an
accident!" "I'll go with you Judy", said Lisa "Watching you squirm like
that is making me have to pee worse myself! Ohhh!" Then Lisa tightly
crossed her legs and bent forward at the waist. I was standing behind Lisa
at this time and when she bent forward, I could see the outlines of her
string bikini panties for a brief moment as her tight ass stretched against
the very thin material.



The two girls proceeded to the front of the store, where the store's only
employee was ringing a sale at the cash register for another customer. Lisa
and Judy seemed a little embarrassed about their situation as they appeared
to not want to interrupt the clerk to ask if there was a bathroom and draw
attention to themselves. I slowly followed them up front so I could
continue to listen to their conversation. "Oh Lisa, I'm gonna pee in my
pants in about two seconds". As Judy said this she began to prance around
from one foot to the other, only occasionally stopping to tightly cross her
legs or bend at the waist and do her little knees out in the front, ass out
in the back move. Lisa stood with her legs clamped tightly together and
said "Hold on Judy, You'll make it. I just hope that I do"! Then Lisa said
"This always happens to me too. I have the weakest bladder in the world. I
used to fill a huge mug with coffee and drink it on my way to work in the
morning. There were many a day that I would be standing waiting for the
elevator squirming around and prancing just like your doing now. Then you
get into the elevator and you feel like your going to pee in your pants
before you'll ever reach your floor. And of course the elevator stops on
every floor. One time I got caught in traffic on my way to work. I had to
pee so bad! I seemed to be better when the car was moving, but every time I
stopped I had to either twist my legs or rub my crotch to avoid wetting my
pants. By the time I got to work, I was totally desperate. I had to walk
real fast with tiny little steps all the way to the bathroom. Anyone who
saw me knew that I was about to pee in my pants. I barley made it in time
to the bathroom and my panties were a little wet. I had to dry them off
with toilet paper! After that, I stopped drinking coffee on the way to
work".



"Please Lisa", said Judy, "OH OHH stop talking like that. Your making it
worse". Judy was biting her lower lip now and looked as if she was about to
cry. Just then the clerk finished with her customer and said "Can I help
you two girls"? "Oh yes please" said Judy, "Do you have a bathroom that I
could use"? "No I'm sorry", said the clerk, "We don't have any bathrooms
for customers to use". "Oh Pleeease" said Judy "I have to pee so bad that
it's not even funny". "I'm sorry", said the clerk "But it's an insurance
thing. I could lose my job. There is a restaurant about a block away that
has bathrooms". "Oh I can't wait to go to another place! Please! It's
really an emergency! I'm about to wet my pants"!! Then Judy did her
knees-ass move again, only this time she was rubbing her crotch and bent
down almost all the way to the floor. "I have to go really bad myself",
said Lisa to the clerk. Please let us go. She's going to wet her pants any
second and I'm not to far behind. We'll be real fast, I promises. You don't
want to see us pee in our pants right hear in the store do you"? "No I
don't", said the clerk, "But I really can't risk my job over it. You girls
are going to have to go to the restaurant down the street and by the looks
of your friend, you had better hurry"! Judy was almost running in place,
squeezing her legs together in between each prance to the other foot. "We
better go to the restaurant, Judy", said Lisa, "Let's tell the other girls
where we're going". "O.K. OHH anything to start walking again, I'm gonna
pee in my panties if I have to stay still for another second!" said Judy.



The two girls began to walk, rather quickly using small steps, to the rear
of the store where the other girls were. "Hey guys", said Lisa, "Judy and I
are going to the restaurant down the street". Carrie, a brunette wearing a
pair of tight jeans and a blue tee-shirt, said "Well hey, wait for us. I
just want to try on one more thing". Judy said, sounding very desperate and
almost crying, "Guys, I have to pee sooo bad! I don't even think I can wait
long enough to get to the restaurant"! "I have to pee too", said Carrie.
"Yeah, me too said the fourth girl". "Look guys", said Lisa, "We're both
about to pee in our pants. Either come with us now or we'll meet you over
there." Just then Judy twisted her hips to the right with her left leg
tightly crossing over her right leg as she did it and said "OHHH, Come on
Lisa, it's starting to come out in my panties"!! I almost died when she
said that. Then Judy began to run with tiny little steps towards the front
of the store. Lisa followed quickly after her and they both made their way
to the restaurant.



I was able to follow them as they were both so overwhelmed with their
desperate need to pee that they didn't even notice me at all. Judy bursted
into the restaurant with Lisa close behind. I followed them in. Judy looked
around for some sign of a bathroom and after a few seconds the hostess
approached her. "Where's the ladies room", said Judy. "The restrooms are
only for customers", said the hostess. "Please, I'm about to have an
accident!" said Judy. "I'm sorry, but I have to seat you at a table so I
can be sure your going to eat here or you can't use our restrooms". said
the hostess. "Please, we'll eat here. I promises. Just let me use the
bathroom. I'm already wetting my panties!" As she said this, she crossed
her legs tightly and bent forward at the waist rubbing her crotch as she
did so. "O.K.", said the hostess, it's right back there".



The two girls scurried to where the hostess pointed them. As the girls
turned the corner, they realized to their horror, that there was a bus boy
standing in the ladies bathroom with a mop and a bucket. Judy said, "Oh my
God NOOOO. I can't wait another second! I'm going to have an accident. I'm
going to wet my pants"!! She grabbed her crotch again and began running on
the spot moaning, but it was too late! All of a sudden she gasped and began
to wet her pants! First her ass got all wet and then her pee began to flood
down the inseams of her tight blue jeans and down into her shoes. She
continued to fight it by twisting her legs and rubbing her crotch for all
she was worth, but it was just no use. Her tight, faded blue jeans were
soaked in the back from about two thirds of the way up her ass all the way
down her legs to the floor. A rather large puddle began to form under her
and she was crying. Judy said "Oh my God, I'm wetting my pants! I can't
stop it! Oh God, I'm peeing in my pants!!" She turned around so that she
was facing me and now I could see the front of her pants. They were soaked
from just above her crotch all the way down her legs!



Lisa stood there with her mouth open as if she couldn't believe what she
was seeing. Her totally hot friend Judy had just wet her tight, faded blue
jeans in front of about 100 people in a crowded restaurant. Just then she
seemed to realize that this same fate my soon be in store for her also. She
began to prance from foot to foot and rubbing her crotch as Judy had just
been doing. She screamed at the bus boy "Please get out of there! I'm about
to wet my panties and skirt too". The bus boy was totally shocked by what
he had just witnessed and just stood there in the doorway of the Ladies
room. I'm not sure if he could even speak English. Lisa now bent down
almost all the way to the floor and looked at Judy and said "Oh God Judy,
I'm gonna wet my panties and skirt just like you did. If this skirt gets
soaked it will be totally see through and everyone will be able to see me
in my wet panties". The bus boy began to understand the situation and
cleared the way for poor Lisa. "Oh Judy, I don't think I can stand up
without having an accident. Oh, I'm gonna pee in my pants too! I have to
pee sooo bad! Then Lisa stood up and began to hobble into the Ladies room.
She had to stop after a few steps and cross her legs again bending forward
and rubbing her crotch. "Oh Judy, it's coming out in my panties"! She began
to lift her dress and started to run into the Ladies room. Judy followed
her in.



About five minutes later, Lisa emerged from the Ladies room alone. Just
then her other two friends entered the restaurant and walked up to her.
"Where's Judy"? asked Carrie. "She's in the bathroom still. She peed in her
pants. She's totally soaked and refuses to walk out here. I'm going to buy
her a new pair of jeans and panties and bring them back here to her so she
can change. I need a new pair of panties myself", said Lisa in a rather
embarrassed tone. "We'll we had better go pee ourselves or we'll end up
like you guys too", said Carrie. Then Carrie and the fourth girl walked
into the Ladies room. A few seconds after they entered I could here them
laughing and the fourth girl said "Oh Judy, I can't beleive you wet your
pants like this". Judy replied still crying, "I told you I had to pee real
bad. When we got here, the stupid bus boy was in here and I peed in my
pants right outside the bathroom door". "Judy, you were peeing in you
panties before you even left the clothing store," said Carrie. "I know",
said Judy, "I had to pee soooo bad!"



Shortly Lisa entered the store with a bag in her hands and entered the
bathroom. A few minutes later, the four girls exited the ladies room, Judy
dressed in new, dry jeans and Lisa in new, dry panties (I would assume) and
Lisa said to Judy, "Hey Judy, want to go get a cup of coffee"? "Very
funny", said Judy.



The End


