Julie
by deirdre

"Well, I suppose we all do sometimes."  Martha had asked me if I felt 
my life was in a rut.

"No, I'm serious, Julie.  You don't seem to get excited about anything 
anymore."

"Well, life is...comfortable with Dave."  I suppose I was interested in 
excitement, but not too much.  Real excitement usually meant real 
*trouble*.  "I mean...we're getting along very nicely."

"You've got to *think* about this, Julie."  That was all we said on the 
subject, but if you want to know the truth, she did make me think.  I 
began to wonder if things could be a bit less routine in my life.

The next time we met, Martha was back on my case again: "Did you 
think about the possibility of getting out of the doldrums?"

"Oh, Martha, you exaggerate, but yes, I did think about it a bit."

"But you don't know what to do, do you?"

"Well, I haven't really thought about it too much as of yet."

"Hmm,...I know!  Come with me!"  Suddenly she was up and putting on 
her jacket!  And motioning me to come along.

"Come where?"  I asked.

"Just come along.  You're being stogey again."  She was handing me 
my jacket.  I guess I'm a pushover--I came along.

Once we were in her car and driving across town, I had more time to 
wonder what was up: "Where are we going?"

"I know just the thing to spice up your life," was her uninformative 
reply.  Well, it *did* inform me to be on my guard.

"And what is *that*?"

"I know this guy!  You'll..."

I cut her off short.  "A guy!?  Turn this car around!"

"No, listen!  I *swear* this is exactly what you need!"

"What are you talking about!?  You want me to *cheat* on Dave?"

"Oh, Julie, you don't need to be so uptight.  We'll see him and... well 
Dave need never know.  Just wait 'til you find out what he's like!"

"Martha!  *Please* turn the car around!  Uh, do you... *do it* with this 
guy?"

"Ah, ha!  Julie gets curious!  I swear he is exactly what you need.  
Different than Dave."

"What's wrong with Dave?"

"Nothing, Julie dear.  But this guy will do things to you that Dave 
never will.  And you can let him because you won't be seeing him 
every day."

"Things?"

"Oh, you'll find out!  With your rear."

"*Martha!*"

"He'll make you *love* it.  Wait and see."

What had I got myself in to?  We were turning into a driveway!  My 
heart was beating like no tomorrow.  I made myself take a deep 
breath and relax.  I'd just say no.  They weren't going to *rape* me.  
Would they?  I tried to suppress the uncomfortable doubt.

We walked up to the door.  I guess my curiosity got the best of me... I 
wanted to *see* this guy.  Martha was doing it with him?  Her rear?  
I *had* to know more.

A woman answered the door.  Martha didn't seem perturbed at all and 
drew me into the front hall.

"Is your husband here?"  Martha asked.  She was craning her neck to 
look into the other rooms.

"Who is this?" the woman asked in return.

"Oh, this is Julie," replied Martha.

"And you brought her so Gary could do her ass?"  I couldn't believe we 
were having this conversation!  "Gary will be pleased!  Yes, indeed!"

I just stared!  And there was more to stare at than the conversation: 
the woman had reached out and touched Martha, on the chest!  And 
Martha just stood there.  "And did *you* come to take Gary's cock in 
your ass too, Martha?"  Martha glanced at me and looked at the 
woman, but didn't pull away!  The woman had run her hand down 
Martha's body to her skirt and lifted it so she could slip her hand 
under it.  "*You* want his cock in your ass, don't you, Martha?  You're 
not answering me, are you?"

"I...," Martha was tongue-tied.  The woman had her hand under 
Martha's skirt and was obviously using it, and was unbuttoning 
Martha's blouse with her other hand!

The woman moved closer to Martha, so their faces were only inches 
apart.  "You're going to let Julie watch, aren't you Martha?"  Martha's 
blouse was already off and the woman had unhooked her bra and was 
undoing her skirt!  Martha just stood there with her mouth open.  
"Julie's going to watch you beg him for it, Martha.  Beg to suck it.  
Beg to take it in your ass."  She had Martha nude except for her 
shoes, and slipped around behind her.  She continued her talking over 
Martha's shoulder.  "You *like* it in your ass, don't you Martha?"  
While saying *like*, she had jammed fingers right into Martha's 
behind.

"Yes," came Martha's reply in a breathy whisper.  She no longer met 
my eyes.  But I stared and stared.  I thought about what I was going 
to see.  There was no way I was going to walk out.

