Archive-name: 3plus/juli-kim.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Julie and Kim


    Julie walked into the dorm room with her bag of stuff.  She threw the bag
down on the bed, and muttered something to herself about having to move in on
the hottest day of the year.  Her boyfriend came up with three more bags and
the refrigerator.  He brought it in, and set it down next to the desk.  She
watched him move, and as his muscles rippled underneath his t-shirt, she
fought back the urge to touch him, for the door was open, and who knows where
it could have led?
    Julie began to organize some of the things she brought from home, when he
tapped her on the shoulder and told her that he was going to pick up some more
of  herthings from the car.  As he left, he almost bumped into a girl coming
into t he room. She bobbled her things, and he held out his hands to prevent
them from falling.  He smiled, and she smiled wanely back.  He left down the
hall, and she hastily brought her things in and dropped them on the bed. 
Julie sighed.  being a sophomore, and being paired with a freshman, she
thought that things might get a little confusing, but she wanted to start on
the right foot.
     "Hi," she said.  "I'm Julie."
     "Hello," the new girl said. "I'm Kim."
     Julie looked at Kim, and regarded her carefully.  A tall, feminine girl,
with long flowing blonde hair, but extremely timid.  Julie thought that there
would be non-stop guys at their door this semester, but then thought of her
boyfriend, and realized that there would be nothing more she would want. 
     Over the next couple of days, Julie would go about her business, getting
re ady for classes.  She realized that Kim had already bought her books well
before classes started, and had been studying nearly non-stop. Mark, Julie's
boyfriend had visited from another dorm almost everyday, and had commented
that Kim should get out more...
     Julie began to feel sorry for Kim, for as the first week of classes
passed, Kim had left her desk only to eat, shower, and go to class.  Julie saw
Kim running full speed into a nervous breakdown, and couldn't help
but wish to help.  Julie tried inviting Kim out on several occasions with
Mark, but each time, she refused.
     Once, when Mark left the room to use the bathroom, Kim sighed.
     "You're so lucky," she said.
     Julie looked out the door where Mark had been moments ago.  "Yeah," she
agreed.  "He's great."
     "I've never had a boyfriend," Kim said, dreamily. Julies eyebrows shot
up. 

     "What?  Never?"  She found this hard to believe.  Kim was an extremely
pretty girl, and somehow Julie could never picture her without someone
attached to her arm.
     Kim shook her head.  "What about the senior prom?" Julie asked.
     Kim brightened for a moment.  "Oh, it was a blast!" she said. "I went
with  my cousin!"
     Julie shook her head.  Something desperately needed to be done.  At that
point, Mark came in, preventing any further conversation.  But Julie made a
mental note to start changing things.
     On Friday, Julie was coming back to her room from her last class, and was
in a good mood.  She opened up the door, and must have caught Kim by surprise. 
She had been sitting on her bed, but as soon as Julie walked in, Kim thrust
something under her pillow, and then hopped off as if nothing had happened. 
Julie cracked a smile, and put her books down on her desk.
     Kim then left the room, and Julie waited until she thought Kim was far
away.  Julie went over to Kim's bed, and picked up her pillow. Underneath was
a hard core porn magazine! Julie gasped, and then smiled.  Kim was interested
in sex afterall!  She began to leaf through the magazine, and saw men and
women in all types of positions.  Then, she leafed through one section of a
man with two women, and the pages were dogeared.  Julie heard footsteps, so
she thrust the magazine back under the pillow.
     That night, Julie was tossing and turning in the heat, and heard Kim
moaning in her sleep.  She watched Kim as she rolled from side to side,
saying,"No...  don't... well maybe... yes... oh, please dont... I like
that...Yes, MARK."  Mark !  As Julie watched her, she began to imagine about
what it would be like for her to watch Mark take Julie.  Then, as her fantasy
progressed, she also began to take part in the activity.  With that, she fell
into a wonderful and sexual dream.
     The next night, Kim left for the library, and Mark came over.  It had
been a while, and all Julie could think about was sharing Mark with Kim, and
had felt horny all day long.  She couldn't wait to see Mark again, and with
Kim out of t he room, she had every oppurtunity to relieve the pressure
between her legs.  Mark came into the room, and Julie practically attacked
him. She pulled him close to her, and kissed him deeply.  She thrust her
tongue into his mouth, and felt his hot breath warm her insides.

     She led him back to the bed, and undid his belt, and unzipped his pants. 
He lay on top of her, and automatically thrust into her, even though she
hadn't removed his pants or hers.  Suddenly, they both heard a sound.  Kim was
standing in the doorway, dumbfounded.  The sound they heard was one of books
falling to the floor.
     Julie squirmed out from under Mark, who was standing stock still, as if
he didn't move, she wouldn't see him.  His hard on was pushing on the cotton
fabric of his briefs, forming a tent through the open fly of his jeans.  Julie
went over to Kim, and took ahold of her hand.  "Come here, " she said softly,
closing and locking the door.  Gently, she pulled Kim over to where Mark was.
Just as gently, she placed Kim's hand on Mark's hard on.  Mark's prick jumped
involuntarily, and Kim jumped back.  Julie held on to her hand, and pushed it
back on to Mark's hardness, saying "It's all right, really.  Just like this,
see?" With her own hand, she moved Kim's up and down along the length of
Mark's shaft, still hidden from sight by the white fabric.  Julie let go of
Kim's hand, but Kim was too transfixed to realize.  Julie went behind Julie,
to Mark's left, and kissed him deeply.  He was definitely not complaining. 
Standing behind her, Julie had an idea.  Reaching around Kim, Julie began to
unbutton Kim's blouse
     Kim was shocked at first, but made no effort to stop her.  Julie pulled
the tails out of Kim's jeans, and unbuttoned the last button.  An overwhelming
sense of desire overcame her, and Julie began tracing the outline of Kim's
bra.  Julie felt Mark reaching over to unbutton HER blouse,  and as the cooler
air hit her hot skin, she gasped. Kim, for her part, was awash of new 
expreiences.  This was nothing like fantasizing with the magazines.  This was
much, much better!  She felt Julie's hands tracing her skin along the edges of
her lace bra, and Mark's hardon felt good beneath her hand. After lusting
after him for so long, she couldn't believe that it was JULIE who had actually
put him in her hand!
     Julie started letting her long fingernails go beneath the elastic of the 
cotton bra, then fall back out again.  Each time her fingers went closer to
Kim's nipple, she gasped.  Kim decided to try and take the initiative, and she
pulled down the elastic on Mark's underwear.  Julie saw this, and smiled. She
then moved both her hands underneath Kim's bra, and massaged her breasts with
her palms.  Kim almost felt backwards.  Julie realized that Kim was wearing a
front-clasp ed bra, and deftly undid it, having some of her own.  The bra fell
open, and Julie was free to feel Kim's soft skin without the elastic
constrainstts.  Julie was by now directly behind Kim, with Mark massaging her
ass down her panties.  She brought one of her hands down to Kim's zipper, and
undid it in one swift motion.  She peeled open the flaps, exposing the silk
fabric of Kim's panties.  She felt the silk with her fingertips, and, having a
couple of silk negligees of her own, loved to feel it next to her own.  She
felt the silk, trying to find Kim's pubic hair, but couldn't find any.  Then,
remembering that Kim wore bikinis, it would make sense that her hair would be
trimmed.  With both hands, Julie forced down Kim's jeans to her ankles. Kim
slipped out of them, and tu rned to face Julie and Mark.
      Mark had taken off Julie's panties, and was fingering her, rubbing his
palm against her mound.  Julie looked at Kim, and thought for the first time
about what she was doing.  She looked at Mark, who did not appear as if he was
going to object, and then back at Kim.  She travelled the short distance
between them, and kissed her.  Kim's full lips felt good, and Julie licked
them with her tongue.  Julie placed one hand on Kim's breast, and massaged the
nipple with her palm.  Kim did the same to Julie, unsure of herself at first,
but growing more and more comfortable with the situation.  Julie took her
other hand, and lowered down Kim's panties.  They fell to the floor, and Kim
stepped out of them.  Julie placed her hand between Kim's legs , and was
surprised to find that Kim had no hair!  It was as smooth as the silk panties
that were there a moment ago!  Kim was very, very wet, and Julie's fingers
slipped easily in and out of her hole.
      Julie smiled at Kim, who smiled back.  Julie turned to Mark, and told
him to lie down on the bed.  Julie got on the other side of Mark, and reached
across the bed to Kim.  Kim leaned in, and they kissed once more.  They kissed
more and more, lowering themselves down to the bed.  Finally, they were at
Mark's throbbing prick, which Kim still hadn't let go.  "I'm going to show you
how much fun this can be." Julie said.  When Kim looked confused, Julie asked,
"Have you ever gone down on a guy before?"  Kim shook her head no, and Julie
said, "well, this is how it's done."
       With that, she flicked her tongue over the top of Mark's prick.  She
kissed down the side of it, and licked his balls at the bottom.  She took them
in her mouth, and sucked on them.  Then, she caressed his shaft with her
tongue once more to the top.  There, she embraced the head with her lips, and
deep throated him in one movement.  Mark could do nothing but gasp.  Coming
back up, she smiled.  She leaned over to Kim, and kissed her.  "Now you try."
       Kim wasn'tsure what to do, but she tried to imitate what Julie had
done.  She encircled the head with her tongue, swirling it around the tip of
his prick.  She licked down the shaft, and took his balls in her mouth.  Julie
looked over to Mark, and smiled.  He was in ecstasy.  She looked back at Kim,
who was about to try and deep throat Mark like Julie did.  Before she could be
warned, she went down.  Mark yelped in pain, and Kim gagged.
      Julie smiled.  "Don't try to take it all at once.  It takes preparation.
Oh, and by the way," she indicated Mark.  "Be careful of your teeth."  Kim
grinned sheepishly, then went back to Mark's prick.  Despite gagging, she had
enjoyed having Mark respond like that.  And she wanted to become good enough
to take Mark all the way in.  Julie tried to guide Kim's body so as to lay
across Mark's legs, and she did, without taking her mouth off of Mark.  Julie
stradled Mark's face, and sighed as his expert tongue darted in and out of her
pussy.  Julie looked at Kim, and touched her body, which responded quite
nicely.  Whenever she came close to Kim's pussy, she would groan, and try to
maneuver her body so as to get Julie to 'accidentally' touch her there.  Julie
used this to her advantage, and when Kim was close enough, Julie kissed Kim's
inner thight.  Kim paused for a moment, hovering about Mark's prick, eyes
closed, moaning.  Julie continued kissing and licking Kim's inner thigh, as
she herself was getting a tongue lashing from Mark.  Kim resumed sucking on
Mark, and Julie came closer  and closer to Kim's clean shaven pussy.  Julie
had only fantasized about what it would be like to eat out another girl, and
now it was happening.  Julie's face pressed into the smooth skin of Kim's
thigh, and she drank in the moist scent of Kim's secret places.
      Finally, Julie indulged herself and Kim, and kissed Kim's lips. Kim
tried to spread her legs wider for Julie, who tried to stiffen her tongue and
push deep into Kim's hole.  Julie noticed the signs, as Kim began to open and
close her legs in an effort to find the best possible position.  Kim ran one
hand through Julie's hair, pushing her deeper and deering between
her legs.  Julie ran flicked her tongue over Kim's clit, and that sent her
over the edge.  There was nothin g to stop the freight train running through
her. Kim sucked harder on Mark, who in turn licked at Julie with abandoned
control.  When Julie felt that she was controling this, she had the most
satisfying feeling.  She suciked at Kim's clit through her orgasm, and finally 
rested.  Not really wanting to, she pulled away from Mark, and pulled Kim off 
of him.  Kim looked at her confused, but when Julie leaned over to kiss her,
she tasted her own juices, and was hot all over again.  Julie told Kim to lie
on her back on Mark.  Mark, who was about to burst, just watched, not wanting
to risk losing this, saying nothing.
      Kim lay on her back, on Mark's stomach.  Mark reached around, and
started caressing her skin with his hands.  Kim's head rocked back into the
crook of his neck, and he began kissing her neck as well.  Julie began sucking
on his prick, and then sat up.  She smiled at the both of them,  and took
Mark's prick in her hand.  She put one finger in Kim's hole, and fingerfucked
her.  Soon, Kim's muscles relaxed enough for two fingers, then three.  Kim was
thrusting her hips at Julie, who was still sucking Mark's prick.  Julie took
Mark's prick, and placed it as the entrance of Kim's hole.  Kim gasped, and
put her hand down to help.  Julie brushed it away, and was able to get the
head in.  She put her hand on Mark's balls, and massaged them, while leaning
over and sucking Kim's clit.  Kim thrust back at her, and Mark's prick went
further into her pussy.  Kim gasped and froze, not wanting to distub the 
feeling.  Julie licked at the crevace between Mark's prick and Kim's lips,
first up one side, and then down the other.  With Julie's added saliva, Mark's
prick went up easily in Kim's pussy.  Mark began pumping into Kim, who was
responding by thrusting back.  Julie didn' t want him to come to quickly, so
she slowed them down by sucking his balls.  Then, she moved to Kim's clit. 
Kim felt the double sensation of Mark's prick inside of her, and Julie's
tongue on her clit, and she couldn't help herself.  Her pussy walls began to
contract, and tighten around Mark's prick.  mark, who was on the verge of
bursting anyway, started thrusting into Kim. Julie  didn't want to lose out,
so she pulled his prick out of Kim, and replaced it with her own tongue. Kim
came again, and once more pulled Julie to her.  Mark's prick twitched, but
Julie didn't want him to come just yet.  Julie raised herself over Mark's
prick, and her pussy swallowed him in one swift movement.  She raised and
lowered herself several times, and then pulled him out of her.  She put him
back into Kim, who reached down for him again, and Julie pushed her hand 
away again.  After aboug seven strokes, Julie took him out of Kim and put him
in her again.  Then, after about another seven or eight strokes, she put him
back in Kim.
     This time, poor Mark had had enough.  He began thrusting into Kim and
couldn't stop himself.  Julie saw his balls rise up and in, and she knew he
was going to come real soon.  She took him out of Kim and barely got him in
her mouth when he shot his load down her throat.  She managed to keep some of
it in her mouth, and when he was finished, she moved up and kissed Kim,
sharing it with her.  Kim began sucking on Julie's tongue, and Julie knew that
this year  might just be one of the most interesting ones she ever had.

--
