Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy



Taking care of Dad

Justines gift

	Sarah told her 16 year old daughter why she had to go and take
care of her own father.

"Youre father and I, weve grown apart anyway," Sarah told her. 
"Its time for you to take care of him now."

"But mother," Justine protested.  Though being alone with her
father was an exciting prospect, she really didnt want to lose
her mother in the process.

"Honey," Sarah said, brushing the long black hair out of her
daughters eyes.  "Very soon youll understand why I have to go."

Sarah pulled out a small gift wrapped package, about the size of
a shoe box, from under her bed and gave it to Justine.

"Youre probably going to be shocked when you see this, but Ill
explain," Sarah said before Justine took the package.  "Go
ahead, open it."

Justine opened the package carefully and removed the lid. 
Inside was a large, lifelike dildo.  It was about 8 inches long
and very thick.  The dildo looked look a real cock with veins
and wrinkles in all the right places.

"Its an exact duplicate of your fathers manhood," Sarah said.

Justine blushed and began to say something before Sarah cut her
off.

"I know about your secret fantasy, Justine," Sarah said.  "How
you wished you could be with him."

"Mother, I" Justine protested even while she stared at the large
rubber dildo with fascination.

"You have to take care of your father," Sarah said looking at
the dildo in the box.  "Hell be needing you very soon."

"But"

"And now I have to go take care of my father," Sarah added. 
"Just like youll be taking care of yours when Im gone."

"But what if daddy"

"Justine, sweetheart," Sarah said as she got up and started
packing her bags.  "Youre father wants you as much as you want
him.  But you have to be brave and tell him how you feel."

"Cant you say something to him?"

"Youre father knows how I feel about the subject," Sarah said. 
"Ive given him my full blessing.  I think its a very beautiful
thing for a daughter and her father to share.  But your fathers
afraid hell corrupt you.  Thats why it has to be you who comes
to him, not me.  You have to let him know its completely your
idea, not mine."

Justine glanced at the large dildo in the box and then back at
her mother.

"Go ahead Justine," her mother urged her.  "Take it out."

Justine grabbed the fat rubbery dildo and pulled it out of the
box.  It was large in her hand and made her feel all tingly
inside.

"Youre father had that made from a mold of his own cock so that
I could play with it when he was away from me," Sarah told her. 
"Ive never even used it.  He doesnt know it, but I had him make
if for you."

Sarah sat on the bed a moment and rubbed the fat dildo in her
daughters hand.  "He has such a beautiful cock, doesnt he?"

Justine blushed again, "yes he does."

Sarah continued to rub her fingers up and down the dildos length
while she thought about how shell never be with him again.

"You can.uh.borrow it before you leave," Justine offered.  "I
dont mind."

Sarah took the dildo from her daughters hand.

"I dont have much time," she looked at the clock and then back
at the replica of her husbands rod in her hand.  "But Id love to
try it."

"Go ahead," Justine said.

Sarah took the dildo and began to rub it on her leg up and down,
each time getting further up her leg till it was rubbing the hem
of her skirt.

Sarah pulled her skirt up and smiled at Justine as she pushed
the dildo up into her skirt and pressed it against her hot clit.

"Im going to miss your father," she said as she began to rub the
head of the dildo back and forth against her crotch.

Slowly Sarah pulled her skirt up completely and sat on the bed
with her knees spread apart as she rubbed the dildo between her
legs.  Looking at Justine to be sure she was not offended, Sarah
laid on her back on the bed and pulled her panties to the side.

Justine could see her mothers pussy now and admired how pretty
it looked.  Slowly Sarah put the dildo at the tip of her clit
and slid it around her wet lips till they parted.

"Ill never get to feel your father slide his big cock UP inside
me again," Sarah said as she pushed the dildo up her cunt. 
Justine tingled again as she saw the fat toy pushed into her
mothers slit.

"Youre going to love feeling your fathers cock inside you,"
Sarah said as she began to slowly fuck herself with the dildo. 
"Hes so strong and powerful."

Sarah pushed the dildo up inside her till the fake balls were
tight against her clit.  "Hell bury his big cock deep inside you
like this," she whispered before she slid it back out. "And hell
shove it up you over and over like this," she said as she worked
the dildo in and out with hard strokes.

Then Sarah pulled out the dildo from between her legs and raised
it to her mouth. Slowly she licked her juices off the fat toy
and then sat up.  "Ive really got to go."



Back from the Hospital

	When Jack opened the door, Sarah was waiting for him in the
livingroom.

"Its so good to see you again," Jack said.  "I hope your husband
was good to you."

"Yes, Daddy," Sarah said with a smile.  "He was a wonderful man."

"He wasuhwell endowed, I hope," Jack asked as he sat in a chair
and admired his lovely daughter.  She had grown up so much since
he last saw her.  What was she then, nineteen? Twenty?  Now she
was 36 and still every bit as gorgeous as before.

"Yes Daddy, he had a really big dick, just like you wanted," She
smiled.  "However, I do have a confession to make."

"Whats that," Jack asked.

"It wasnt bigger than yours."

"Oh Sarah," Jack began to complain.   "I thought I told you"

"I know what you told me daddy," Sarah interrupted.  "But I just
couldnt bring myself to do it.  I knew someday, somehow, I would
be back her again and"

"And?" Jack asked somewhat annoyed.

"I wanted to save myself for you."

With that Sarah slowly began unbuttoning her jeans, "Its been so
long daddy."

"Oh God Sarah," Jack said as he leaned forward in his chair and
watched his womanly daughter continue unbuttoning her pants. 
"You want to give me another heart attack?"

"Id never do anything to hurt you," she said as she pulled the
flaps of her jeans apart now and slid her hands inside them to
pull them off.

"The doctors said I should take it easy for a while," he said
with obvious facination.

"So fuck me really slow," Sarah said as she stood up and pulled
her jeans down to her knees.  Sliding one hand into her panties,
Sarah pulled them down in front and showed her father her brown
hared pussy for the first time in nearly 20 years.

"God I was a fool to let you go," Jack said as he began
unbuttoning his own pants now.

Sarah pulled her jeans the rest of the way off then began
unbuttoning her blouse.

"You dont ever have to let me go again," she said as she opened
her silk shirt and unsnapped her bra in front.  Her large
breasts were still perky and had the same cute little hard
nipples Jack remembered sucking on so long ago.

As Jack stood up and pulled down his pants and underwear, Sarah
finished taking off her shirt, bra and panties.  Before another
word was spoken both lovers were stark naked and ready to
reunite once again in their special embrace.

"Oh God, its just like a remember," Sarah said as she dropped to
her knees and kissed her fathers heavy balls.  "So big and
beautiful."

"Ive missed you so much Sarah," Jack said just before his
daughter opened her mouth and slid his cock into the hot, wet
recess of her beautiful face. "OH GOD I MISSED YOU!!!!"

Sarah slowly rubbed her hands up the back of her fathers legs
and grabbed on to his ass while she pushed his pelvis into her
face.  She loved to feel her fathers cock slide down her throat
once more, like he had done so many times years ago.

Jack grabbed his daughters hair and pulled it up off her face so
that he could watch her better.  "Its been so long since youve
done this to me."

"And I dont ever want to stop doing it for you again," Sarah
said as she kissed her fathers balls again.

"Does your husband know about this?" Jack asked as his daughter
once again swallowed his fat pole in her hot mouth.

"Yes daddy," she said looking up at him with innocent eyes. 
"Hes fucking your grand daughter now."

"You taught Justine to?"

"Yep. She wanted to fuck her daddy long before I told her about
us though."

Sarah knelt there looking at the beaming smile on her fathers
face.  Then Sarah turned around and grabbed on to the couch.  

Jack could see his daughters pink pussy now, as she wanted him
to, and it drove him insane with lust.

"Its been so long daddy," Sarah said as she spread open her cunt
with her right hand.  "Ive wanted you inside me every night
since you made me go away."

"Im so sorry honey," Jack said as he got down on his knees and
positioned himself behind his daughter just like old times.

Jack had to stare at his daughters wet clit for a few moments
before he grabbed his cock and guided it between her legs.  His
body tingled all over as his cockhead touched her hot pussy and
began to slowly sink inside her as he pushed.

"OOHHH GOD!!!!" Sarah squealed as her fathers cock stretched her
pussy around its once familiar girth.  "OH FUCK DADDY! FUCK
ME!!!!!"

With one assertive grunt Jack buried his fat pole up his
daughters tight cunt once again and growled in appreciation.

"Thats my good girl," Jack said as he reached around and played
with his daughters tits that hung over the edge of the couch. 
"My little girl has grown into such a woman."

"Thats right daddy," Sarah said as she crawled forward on the
couch so that her fathers cock slid out of her almost completely
before she pushed herself back on it with a hard shove.  "And
your little grown up woman is going to fuck you over and over
and over again like she used to when she was little"

Jack grabbed his daughters hips and began to piston his shaft in
and out of his daughters tight pussy with a fevered pace.

"Im so glad your husband knows you came back after all these
years to fuck your old man again," Jack grunted as he slammed
against Sarahs still tight ass over and over.

"Im going to cum daddy," Sarah panted.  "You can make his wife
cum!"

"YES!" Jack grunted.  "I want to make his wife cum!"

"IM CUMMING!!!!!" Sarah screamed.  "OH GOD JESUS IM CUMMING FOR
YOU DADDY!!!!"



Daddy finds Justine

	Justines mother had been gone for nearly an hour now and she
could wait no longer to try out her mothers gift.  Daddy was out
in the field somewhere and wouldnt be back for some time. 
Taking the shoe box out from under her bed, Justine opened it
and took out the large dildo her mother had just used a while
ago.

She remembered her mothers words, "Youre going love feeling your
fathers cock inside you."

Eagerly, Justine lifted her skirt and pulled down her panties. 
In just moments she would know what it would feel like to have
daddys cock inside her."

Putting one foot up on a chair and spreading her black hared
pussy with her delicate fingers, Justine guided the dildo
between her legs and rubbed the head of it against her clit.

Justine watched herself in the full length mirror as she slowly
started to push the dildo up inside her.

"Ohhh daddy," she moaned as an inch pushed up inside her.

"Justine," she heard her fathers voice.

Spinning around suddenly, Justine dropped the dildo in her hand
and let her skirt fall back into place.

"Daddy, I thought you were still outside."

"I came back to get my gloves," he said as he looked at the
dildo on the floor.

Justine turned red.  "Daddy, Im so embarrassed."

"No" he stopped her.  "Dont beI just.I didnt expect this."

"Are you mad at me?" Justine asked.

"NO sweatheart," he said.  "I love you"

"Will you.you know?" she asked shyly.

"Will I what?" he asked, though he knew what she was asking.

"Will you fuck me daddy?"

"Oh baby," her father said as he came into her room and hugged
her tightly.  "Yes sweetheart.  Of course I will."

Justines father laid her on her back on top of her bed.  Slowly
Justine raised her knees to show her father her pink pussy and
the panties still wrapped around her legs at mid thigh.	

"Good God almighty you have such a pretty little pussy," he said
as he got on his knees at the edge of the bed and grabbed his
daughters legs down close to her crotch.  Pulling gently,
Justines father spread her legs as far as the panties would
permit and flicked out his tongue across her pink slit.

"Oh daddy," Justine moaned and wiggled her ass back and forth as
her father began licking her sensitive clit.  "That feels so
good."

"I could eat this little pussy all day," her father groaned
between slurps as he pushed his tongue further up inside her. 
"But I can hardly wait to"

Justines father pulled his daughters panties off and then worked
on his own pants to get them off.  In the meantime, Justine
pulled her sweater up over her head and undid her bra so that
her father could see her fully developed breasts.

When her fathers pants came off, Justine felt a glowing warm
feeling deep in her stomach.  His cock was huge and beautiful,
even more beautiful than the dildo her mother said was an exact
duplicate.

Justine trembled all over as her father grasped his big cock and
placed it between her legs for the first time.  Slowly her
father pushed his cock against her wet clit until it began to
stretch her pussy apart.

"OH GOD DADDY!" Justine screamed as her father pushed an inch of
his fat cock up inside her.

Justines father reached out and squeezed his daughters tits hard
as he continued pushing into her.

"Thats it baby," he said as he felt her cunt strangling his cock
with its tight walls.  "Let your daddy love you."

Justine arched her back and gasped for air as her fathers cock
plunged completely into her until his balls rested against her
tight young ass.

"Oh DADDY!" she squealed as her father withdrew his entire
length and plunged it into her again with a strong forceful
thrust.  "I love having your big cock in my pussy!"

Grabbing the back of his daughters knees, Justines father pushed
her legs up to her chest so that he could get deeper penetration.

"I love you baby," he said staring between his daughters legs as
he watched his fat pole slide in and out and glisten with her
young wet juices.

"I.love.you.too" Justine grunted between her fathers forceful
thrusts.

"Justine, Im sorry," her father said at last.  "Im gonna cum
already."

"Yes daddy, yes!!" Justine squealed.   "Cum on me daddy.  Cum on
your little girl!"

"OH GOD," her father growled as he pulled his cock out of his
daughters tight slit and flopped it between her legs.  A thick
white squirt of cum shot up Justines stomach and hit the bottom
of her left breast.  The next squirt shot up between her young
tits and Justine moaned joyfully as she began rubbing her
fathers cum around her nipples.

"Oh God, oh God, oh God," Justines father continued as he pulled
back a little and started jerking himself off.  Thick sticky
globs of hot cum oozed out onto Justines pussy and began
dripping down between her legs.  Carefully he aimed his cockhead
at his daughters open slit and squirted some cum between the
lips of her vagina.  Grabbing his cock at the base, he slapped
his heavy tool against his daughters stomach as the last drops
dribbled out.

"Oh fuck that was wonderful," he said at last as he stood there
looking down at his young daughter now covered in his sperm.

Justine slid down off the bed and grabbed her fathers still
erect cock.  Slowly she slid her fathers pole into her mouth and
began sucking on it to release any captive jism.

"Youre so good to me," her father groaned as he grabbed his
daughters hair and pulled it out of her face as she sucked him
with wonderful finesse. 

Back with Sarah

	Sarah crouched by the front door using it as a brace as she
knelt there giving her father head.  His huge cock filled her
mouth as completely as she remembered and she had difficulty
getting it down her throat for any period of time.

"Im so glad your back, Sarah," her father moaned.  "I know I
keep saying that, but"

"God I love to suck your cock daddy," Sarah said as she licked
the underside of his heavy balls and then slid it back into her
mouth again.

"You always did love that," Jack laughed uncomfortably.  "How
can a man be so lucky?"

Sarah raised herself up so that her tits pressed against her
fathers cock and she pushed its length between her large breasts.

"Oh yes," Jack said as he began fucking his cock in and out
between his daughters breasts.  "I love it when you do that."

Each time Jacks cock would slide up between her tits, Sarah
would lick its head before it disappeared.  

"Ive got to fuck you again," Jack growled hungrily.

"Yes father," Sarah said as she stood up and turned around.  

Grabbing the front door she pushed her ass up in the air and,
reaching between her legs, spread her pussy open for her father
once again.

Grabbing his big cock Jack laughed, "You really are too much of
a woman for a 60 year old man."

"You dont seem to have any problem making me cum like a teenage
whore, daddy," Sarah smiled.  "Now shut up and shove that cock
up my pussy again."

Obediently Jack placed his bulbous cockhead at the entrance of
his daughters clit and pushed into it.

Justines Happy Ending

	Justines father sat on the couch while she bounced up and down
on his hard cock with reckless abandon.  Sweat poured down
Justines firm breasts as she stared between her legs at her
fathers fat cock sliding in and out of her.

"Im going to cum again daddy," she panted as she slapped her
shapely ass against her fathers legs over and over.  "Oh God, Im
CUMMING AGAIN!!!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....