
			(C) 1991  THE FORCE AUSTRALIA
		   Uploaded by Raphael - The Tremendous Trio


                                 R E B E L L I O N                    

                                Written by 808 STATE
				 Uploaded - Raphael
			    Edited - Raphael & 808 State
	


Tom was a rebellious teenager.  He spat on his mother, raped his sister,
and jaywalked.  Basically, you could say he was somewhat naughty.  One day
he was sitting in the lounge wanking in front of his favourite porno.  His
mother was doing the ironing, trying not to look at the hideous scene on
the TV, a naked women having a garden hose pushed up her cunt.  Anyway, Tom
was shooting cum all over the new lounge suite.  "Don't do that
Tom...err...please", asked his mother in a timid voice.  Tom turned around
to face her, his cock in his hand.  "Look you fuckin bitch, don't tell me
what to do, or I'll ram my cock so far down ya fuckin throut, you'll vomit,
mum.."  His mother went back to ironing.

Tom then got up, his tracksuit pants hanging down, and said to his mum, "If
you're so worried about it! You can clean it up, slut!".  He then wanked
all over the coffee table.  Squirting hot cum over the wedding photos.  His
mum became enraged, and grabbed Tom.  Tom dodged her.  As she swung at him,
he grabbed her hand, and twisted it around.  Tom was strong for a 13 year
old, and soon had his mother crying with pain, as he twisted the cartlidge.
"I'll treat you like the bitch you are", laughed Tom, as he pushed her onto
the carpet.  Taking his wet cock in his hands, he pushed it against her face,
rubbing it up and down her wrinkled skin.  Laughing, his dick soon got
hard.  His mother was scared, she sat motionless, not moving, as her son
rubbed it against her cheek.  Tom spread his legs so he towered over her.
His poor mum was crying.  

He grabbed her dress and in one blow ripped it off, throwing it to the
ground.  Tom spat in her face, laughing sickly.  He would teach the slut a
lesson she would NEVER forget.  Tom began struggling with her, trying to
get her underwear down so he could at least fuck her.  Pulling them down,
it revealed a furry, cunt.  Taking his dick in his hands, Tom fed it into
her.  She was as dry as a bucket of sand, and it hurt him, but he was a
hard boy and his fists were well trained.  After a few hits, his mother
stopped resisting and Tom began to hump her.  In and out, he fucked her.
In and out.  Tom was fuckin hard, his pelvis thrusting in and out, as he
held his mother down like a wrestler.  After a few moments Tom came,
shooting cum deep into his mother's pussy.

He liked the feeling of fuckin his mother, it excited him.  He took his
dick out and then began rubbing it against her tits.  He wanted his mother
to suck it, but he couldn't force her.  Instead he wanted to cum on her.
Wanking he pushed cum from the glistening tip of his nob, shooting cum onto
his mothers face. He laughed as it dripped down her face, sticking to her
lipstick.  

His mother was crying.  Tom turned around, to get catch his breath.  As he
did he saw his mother reach for the phone sitting on the coffee table.  Tom
suddenly changed.  He went sick.  He grabbed his mother by her neck and
pulled her to her feet.  Tom's eyes were red with anger, as he began
beating his mother against her head.  Over and over, his fists pounded her,
smashing against her face.  He wanted to kill her.  After a few fierce and
brutal blows, she dropped, static.  

Tom checked her pulse, she was dead.  Laughing, he then began to feed his
already hard cock into her.  Deep into her arse, till it touched the top of
her intestine.  He rode her, like in a rodeo.  Her anus was tight, and dry,
but he enjoyed it.  He came, in a flaming blue orgasm, shooting cum into
his mum's filthy arse.

After filling her arse, he decided he wanted to get in her mouth.  Her
mouth was still warm with saliva, and it felt good against the blueveined
expanding cave dwelling love saber that Tom wielded.  He smiled in ecstasy,
as he saw his dead mother swallowing his big hard cock.  Her stale lipstick
rubbing off onto his cock's shaft.

When Tom finished his lovemaking, he got up, and laughed.  Spitting a huge
blob of phlegm onto his mum, he turned and walked away into the kitchen to
make a milkshake.
