
			(C) 1991  THE FORCE AUSTRALIA
		  Uploaded by Raphael - The Tremendous Trio

                 T H E   N E X T   D O O R   N E I G H B O U R

                                Written by 808 STATE
				 Uploaded - Raphael
			    Edited - Raphael & 808 State
	


A new family had moved in next door and my mother had sent me around to
deliver a cake to them.  I knocked on the door and a women of about 35
answered it.  She was dressed in this tight miniskirt and was wearing a
very tight t shirt that displayed these lovely tits nicely.  I smiled
shyly and offered her the cake.  She took it and said, "My name is Sally!". 
I smiled and replied, "I'm Nick!".  She took my hand and led me into the
house.  It was a mess with boxes everywhere, obviously they hadn't
finished moving in yet.  She told me to sit down whilst she got some tea. 
Whilst I was waiting for her to bring me a cup of tea I noticed a stack of
books beside me.. they were porno's! I didn't take too much notice until I
reached one book that had a man on the cover being sucked off by this
women.  I began reading it.  As I was reading it, Sally came back in.

When she saw what I was doing she pretended not to notice.  As she
approached me she seemed to trip forward, spilling tea all over my lap.
"Oh! I'm sorry!", she said.  She leaned over and began mopping it up. 
As she did I stared down her blouse and saw this great tits.  Whilst she
was mopping it up with her hand she seemed to grope at my cock and in a
matter of seconds it was bulging through my pants.  She then looked up at me,
smiled wickedly, and said, "I think you had better get out of these young
man!".  She urged me up and in an instance she had pulled my trousers down
and had placed them on a table.  She saw me standing there in my underwear
with my cock bulging out from under my pants.  She was staring at it. I
looked at her, she was licking her lips. For a boy of my age this was
quite embarrassing. I sat back down and stared out the window trying to
ignore her prying eyes. I felt this hand grab my cock and I saw her dive
her hands into my underwear and pull them down.  She grabbed my dick in
her smooth cool hands and began pulling it, it became harder and harder...
I stared at her in surprise. 

She then lowered her mouth over the end of it and began sucking
violently, my cock filling her tight little mouth.  After a short while I
shot come down her mouth. She pulled down her skirt and removed her panties.
I saw her pussy all soaked with juice and I just had to suck it....I pushed
my face into her thighs and began sucking on it, my tongue darting deep
inside her. She moaned with ecstasy as my tongue stabbed her cunt.  She came,
a stream of juice flowing down my face. I was overcome with lust, I grabbed
her firm ass and turned it around to face me.  I pulled her onto the couch
and rammed my firm dick deep into her ass, she screamed and moaned with each
thrust. My hip drove it deep into her.  We both came at the same time, both
screaming and moaning in mutual ecstasy! After a hard fuck, we both collapsed
into the chair, our two naked bodies lying motionless.  After a few moments
she got up and began putting back on her clothes.  I put mine back on as
well. She smiled at me, and said, "My husband will be back from the Pub
soon...you had better get going....but you are welcome back here ANYTIME!".
As she said this, she patted me on the still bulging cock that protruded
through my trousers.  I turned to the door.  As I walked out, she grabbed my
shoulder, spinning me around violently.  Before I had a chance to move, her
face came down on mine, and her tongue entered my mouth.  She pulled me
back, virtually throwing me onto the couch.  I was stunned, she had only
seconds ago said her husband would return.  She ripped her clothes off,
revealing once again her wonderfully rounded tits, and her tightly pursed
cunt, still wet with cum.  Her petite hands led mine into her crotch,
pushing my trembling fingers deep into her clit,  as she did this she
groaned and rocked backwards and forwards.  I responded by unzipping my
fly.  I pulled out my cock, already erect and throbbing with wanton
desire.

As I fingered her, she wanked me off brutally, showing no mercy for
this young and inexperienced penis.  It was ecstasy, I shot cum all over her
naked chest and watched her moan as it dripped down her, all over my hands,
still buried deep in her.  Our lovemaking was interrupted by a knock on the
door.  She kept on bucking and fucking.  The door swung open.  It was her
husband, a large man with a robust figure and a build most would kill for.
He saw us together, both red faced with lust, lying on the couch, my hands
in his wife's cunt.  He smiled, laughed, and said, "Don't let me interrupt
you...".  I was shocked by his lack of anger.  He sat on the sofa next to
us, and began loosening his belt.  His wife smiling at him, took my pants
and pulled them down.  I felt a little embarrassed by the cum that filled my
underwear.  She lifted my balls in her hand, and placed her wet, warm mouth
over the bulb of my dick, rhythmically sucking it.  I stared at her, she was
possessed to fuck, like a wild animal, we both went bazerk.  Her husband
now had his own dick in his hand and was masturbating wildly.  Thrashing
his hand against his huge erect cock.  I came.  My eyes rolled back, and my
knob flung cum into the mouth of this wicked women.  She swallowed it.  

I no longer cared about anything, I just wanted to be inside this women. 
I pushed her down, and she responded by spreading her legs, and using two
fingers, she opened her pussy for me to invade.  I drove it in.  Deep into
her, my pelvic motion driving it so far into her, that she screamed with
ecstasy.  I began pumping her.  In, out, in out, continuously driving it
deeper with each thrust.  I rotated my hips, sending her into a wild frenzy
of lust and desire.  I came, and as I did, she screamed out.  My dick went
into a spasm, and I watched with satisfaction as cum dripped from her wet
cunt.  I looked over at her husband.  He was still wanking away, staring at
us.  He came, shooting cum all over himself.  He smeared it on his hairy
chest, groaning.  After a few moments, he got up, and crawled towards us.
We were passionately kissing, our tongues in each others mouths.  The
husband pulled me away, and moved to his wife, still exhausted.  He turned
her over, and taking his huge knob in his rough hands, began fucking her up
the anus.  I got up, put my clothes back on and left them to it.  The next
day, she came round and thanked me, inviting me back anytime I liked.  She
was 35 and I was just 17.
