
			(C) 1991  THE FORCE AUSTRALIA
		   Uploaded by Raphael - The Tremendous Trio


                     C A S S A N D R A ' S   A D V E N T U R E
  
                                Written by 808 STATE
				 Uploaded - Raphael
			    Edited - Raphael & 808 State



Cassandra was the type of girl that slept around.  She was a great looking
girl with huge tits and a firm, round ass.  She loved to fuck and she
shared herself around.  Her specialty was sucking dick, and she put her
talent to great use on all the guys she met whilst hanging out at the local
nightclub.  

Cassandra, or Cassie as she was called, had long blonde hair that fell
loosely on her shoulders and hung over her tits.  She had a great body
that made the guys go weak at the knees and she had a smile made in heaven.

One day she was sitting at the bar of the club, her fingers gently
caressing her cunt through the jeans she was wearing.  She was looking out
onto the dance floor staring at all the guys dancing, she watched them move
and tried to figure which ones would have what it took to ride her to an
orgasm.  She loved to imagine their smooth bodies sliding over her, and
their firm cocks being rammed into her wet pussy.  She liked it rough, and
loved a man who pushed her around.  Her fantasy was interrupted by a man
tapping her on her shoulder.  He was a tall guy with long thick black hair.
"Hi! My name's Jeff", he said, putting out his hand.  Cassie took it and
smiled gently as she shook.  She said, "My name's Cassie".  Jeff was
looking her over, staring at the creamy white breasts that were held behind
the tight blouse.  She stared at his cock, and imagined it's size and
thickness.  Cassie noticed Jeff's gaze and smiled, and licked her
glistening lips.  She then moved closer to him, sliding her barstool across
the floor of the bar.  He smiled at her and ran his hand up and down the
seam of his jeans, as if to display the prize within.  

Cassie lifted her glass to her lips and then, eyes transfixed upon Jeff's,
sipped seductively.  As she brought the glass from her lips, she dropped
it, spilling the contents across Jeff's jeans.  
		"Don't worry, I'll clean it up.", he said.  But Cassie was
already there, her hands running across the lap of Jeff's jeans, squeezing
and poking him into an erection.  
		"My, this is HARD work!", she laughed, as she teased him
more and more.  She got up and grabbed Jeff's hand, and said "I think we
better get you home and change into something .... ", she giggled, as she
led him out of the disco.

Cassie led him to her car and then reached up and grabbed his cheeks.
Pulling his mouth closer to hers, they began kissing deep and passionately.
The speed got faster and Jeff's tongue ran deep into Cassie's mouth,
probing every inch.  Her hand reached down and grabbed his cock, she
squeezed it and began kissing even more passionately.  She stopped to take
a breath and said, "I know somewhere much more private...".  She pointed to
a service alley way.  They walked together down it to it's end, both
embraced, their tongues in each others mouth.  

The alley was dark and narrow.  Cassie, possessed with wanton lust, grabbed
Jeff's jeans and slid them down over his ankles.  His underwear was moist
with pre-cum.  She grabbed it and slid it down.  Jeff took her jeans and
unzipped them violently, his huge hands cupping her ass, as he stripped the
jeans from her.  They fell to the ground and she stepped over them.  She
ripped off her blouse, revealing a lace bra.  Underneath were some of the
most wonderful tits Jeff had ever seen.  He grabbed them and pulled the bra
away.  The tits fell loose, and Jeff's dick stood upright, hard and
glistening in the moonlight.  

Cassie went down on her knees, and cupping Jeff's balls, she lowered her
mouth over the knob of his dick, licking and sucking, licking and sucking.
Whilst she did this, she squeezed his balls tightly, forcing the knob to
expand in ecstasy as she sucked him off into oblivion.  Jeff's head was
thrown back and he gasped as he approached orgasm.  He was there.

He gasped, as cum squirted out from the head of his dick all over the face
of Cassie, dripping down her chin.  She lapped it up like a cat with cream
and then began passionately kissing Jeff again.  She grabbed his wrist and
pushed his hand down into the crevice of her crotch, pushing his fingers
into her pussy.  She rocked, as Jeff drove his two fingers deep into her
crotch.  She throw her head back and laughed in ecstasy as she came, her
eyes rolled back into her head.  While she was groaning in fits of ecstasy,
Jeff removed a knife from inside the back of his jeans.  It was a large
hunting knife, the kind used by fishermen for gutting fish.  He pushed it
deep into Cassie's vagina, slicing through it like a knife through butter.
The screams of ecstasy turned to screams of pain as the knife shredded her
pelvis.  Blood gushed forth, as her uterus gave way to the knife's ready
blade.  Jeff moved the knife vertically, straight up, slicing though her
stomach.  Her pelvis opened up like a bloody flower and her organs gushed
out, dangling from the open wound.

Cassie screamed with agony.  She clutched at Jeff, slowly sliding down
him, as he jerkily wrenched the knife up through her.  On reaching her
chest, he had to struggle to smash her rib cage, but his brutal blows soon
drove the knife upwards.  The two stood embraced, in a pool of warm fresh
blood. Jeff's penis erect, covered in Cassie's blood and fluid.  Chunks of
meat sat on the shaft, glistening like red ink.  Finally, Cassie stopped
struggling.  Jeff pulled the knife out.  She dropped to the ground, in a
mass of throbbing gristle emersed in blood.  He went down on his knees,
and, taking his throbbing cock in one hand, began rolling it in her open
wounds.  As he did this, he pulled his knob rhythmically, slowly driving
himself to the edge of sexual desire and wanton lust.  

As he pushed his dick into her bloody cavernous wound, he came. Shooting
hot white cum all over the bloody carcass.  His eyes watered with ecstasy,
as he rubbed his cock in the meat.  Mixing his cum with the fresh warm
blood.  He crawled over the top of Cassie's body, spreading her legs apart,
he pushed his dick deep into her, pushing through pieces of still twitching
uteran wall.  As he did this, he kissed her, ramming his tongue deep into
her mouth.  As he kissed her, a flood of bloody and bile gushed up, into
his mouth.  He swallowed it, all the while, humping her frenzily.  He found
it hard to get satisfaction from fucking her wound, so he turned her over.
Her anus, blood trickling out from her rectum, would suffice.  He placed
the knife in, and cut it open.  Pushing his fat, throbbing cock into her
anus, he began fucking her hard.  So hard, that with each thrust, blood
squirted from her mouth and from her wound.  His hands clung to her tits,
blood stained and warm.  

He kept fucking, riding her corpse into oblivion.  He came.  His cum acted
as a powerful enema causing her to squirt fluid from her anus.  He let it
spray on his face, grunting like an animal.  He began calming down.  Tired,
from his sexual conquest, he got up from the corpse.  He was covered from
head to toe in blood and flesh.  Cassie's body lay in a pool of blood,
still twitching.  

Jeff turned, pulled his jeans up, and walked along the alleyway slowly. He
walked around the back of the nightclub unseen and unheard, where he got in
his car, and drove away.  He laughed as he thought of his sexual exploits,
and the fact that soon, very soon, he'd kill again....
