
			(C) 1991  THE FORCE AUSTRALIA
		   Uploaded by Raphael - The Tremendous Trio


                             P A R T Y T O W N   P R O                       

                                Written by 808 STATE
				 Uploaded - Raphael
			    Edited - Raphael & 808 State



Kate was a partytown pro.  She worked the party circuit, constantly going out,
taking drugs, and having wild, uninhibited sex with all cumers.  To the
women she was a slut, but to the men she was a love machine, capable of
prolonging the male orgasm for up to five minutes.

In appearance, she was stunning.  Long, thick black hair, that fell loosely
over her dark, exotic features.  She had a mildely oriental appearance,
with a lovely olive complexion, most women can only dream of.

As always, Kate was working the circuit.  And she was at a party in the
eastern suburbs, it was wild, with people packing out the small house in
which it was held.  She was a familiar face, everyone who was anyone knew
her.  She was dressed in a tight black dress that allowed all to see the
firm little ass that was her trademark.  She wore a low-necked top, that
gave an inkling of what glorius treasures lurked within.  As always, she
looked stunning.  Angelic.

Kate sat down on the sofa, with a glass of champagne in her hand.  She was
waiting.  Waiting for a man.  As men walked past her, she looked them up
and down, trying to evaluate their size.  She had grown tired of small
cocks, and now lusted for a big, thick one, one that would make her scream
when the man pushed it into her cavernous love clam.  She liked sex rough,
and hard, with men who dominated her.  All her life she had been the
dominate one, as a prefect at her girls school, right the way through to
business.  

After a flurry of men had passed her, one caught her wicked eye.  He was
tall, of incredibly large build and had a rough look, probably a tradesmen,
she thought.  She looked him up and down.  He had shortly cropped hair,
spiked roughly, and had some growth on his face.  She knew that this man
would be the one to satisfy her tonight.

"Hi there gorgeous!", she said, winking at the man.  He smiled back, and
walked over to her.  "Hi! How are ya?", he replied.  She smiled again, then
patted on the seat next to her.  He sat down.

"I've been watching you all night,", she said, "and I wanted you to meet
me.".  He smiled back, then said coolly, "Well, now you've met me!!!".  She
gave a sly grin, then replied, "I spelt meet, M-E-A-T!"  The man looked a
bit shocked, then smiled, whispering,t me!!!".  She
gave a sly grin, then replied, "I spelt meet, M-E-A-T!"  The man looked a
bit shoc's go somewhere a little more
private".  "My sentiments exactly", Kate laughed.

The two walked out of the house, and into the garden.  It was dark, and was
quiet.  They moved to the end of the garden, next to a large gum tree.
Before the man had a chance to say anything, Kate had removed her skirt,
and was rubbing against him, her two legs straddling his thigh.  He was
obviously getting aroused by this erotic motion, and his hand crept down
into his pants.  Kate said huskily, "I like it rough... I want you to beat
me..."  

The man began removing his trousers.  He was wearing y-fronts, and withing
lurked a cock of huge proportions.  Kate almost gasped at it's size.  It
was so thick that the man, Ken, could only just manage to put his hand
around it.  Grabbing Kate, he pulled her to the ground.  She fell, hitting
her head on a stone.  Ken, got on top of her.  Snarling, he started to hit
her, across the face, over and over again.  Kate cried, not with pain, but
with sexual satisfaction, as his huge hands crashed into her petite face.
Taking his huge cock in his hands, he began rubbing it against her.  Slowly
working himself into a frenzied state.  All the time, pushing her around.

Ken moved his posistion further up her body, till he was sitting on her
chest.  He took his cock, and fed it into her mouth.  She almost got sick,
as it rubbed against the back of her throut.  It was moist and warm, and
her saliva stuck to the shaft of his dick.  His huge balls swung against
her chin, as he began humping her face with a violent fury.  Her eyes
rolled back into her head, as he drove his turgid cannon deep.  Eventually
he came, a wild burst of white lightning sprang from his knob, leaping down
her throut.  She got sick.  Throwing up, she got up from under him.  

Ken was not going to stop now.  He put a hand on each of her hips and spun
her around so that her naked ass was facing him.  He wasn't gonna fuck her
into her cunt, no way, he wanted to go from behind, take her up the anus,
and make her cum, the rough way.  

His cock was now bulging with blue veins, as he placed a finger in her tight
anus, to loosen it up for what was soon to come.  She wasn't even wet and
he didn't have any vaseline, but who cares.  He literally fucked her like a
dog, in and out violently, his scrotum recoiling as he shot his load.  He
laughed.  Kate cried.  It hurt.  His cock was all of 9 inches long and it's
thickness was unmeasurable.  It was so thick, that she could feel the veins
rubbing against her anus passage.  She loved it.  She loved the way the cum
shot up her arse, and she loved it when she could feel a man's testicles
banging against her upper thighs.  

Ken was not done yet.  She had unleashed him, and it was time for her to
pay.  He turned her over, she offered no resistance.  He mounted her again,
his huge cock sitting between her ample tits.  He was going to tit fuck
her.  She closed her tits around his cock, it clung well.  He began
thrusting, rubbing his erection against her tits.  She started becoming
aroused, excited as the tip of his knob touched her hot, wet, toungue.  She
licked it, licking the precum from his foreskin.  

Ken came.  A load shot up into her face.  She lapped it up like a cat with
cream, savouring every last drop.  She reached down into her crotch, and
spread her clitoris apart with her two index fingers.  She wanted him to
fuck her.  To make her cum.  

Ken, took heed, but wanted to fist fuck her.  He pushed his huge fist into
her, inch by inch.  Slowly pushing.  In and Out.  She was screaming, both
with pain and ecstasy as his motion drove her to a filthy orgasm.  Fluid
gushed out of her, trickling from her cunt onto the wet grass.  Ken kept on
ramming his fist in and out, till she past out.

The two just lay there, static, not moving, exhausted from the constant
fucking....

Another day in the life of a partytown pro...
