
			(C) 1991  THE FORCE AUSTRALIA
		   Uploaded by Raphael - The Tremendous Trio

                       L U S T   I N   T H E   C H A P E L
  
                                Written by 808 STATE
				 Uploaded - Raphael
			    Edited - Raphael & 808 State



Father Benny, was the parish priest.  He was a tall man, balding, but still
retained the youthful looks of one twenty years his junior.  He was an
amiable character, and was a popular community figure, always having a
smile and a greeting for everyone who passed.  

His church, St Raphael's, was a small chapel, with a congregation of only
about 30 of the village's devout catholics.  Despite it's small size, it
had a number of choirboys, and choirgirls.  

Father Benny had a secret.  He was gay.  He would stay awake late into the
night, masturbating over pictures of young males.  He maintained a
collection of pornographic material relating to sex with young boys, in
their early teens.  He would take the material, and with his throbbing cock
in one hand, wank, till he came.  He would then smear his creamy white cum,
over the picture, dreaming of fucking the young boy till his rectum
prolapsed from the friction.

One day, after church, as always, he helped the boys clean up.  As he moved
around the chapel putting the wine and bread back, he rubbed against the
boys.  Not hard enough to notice, but hard enough to give him an erection.
One of the boys, a handsome young lad, the son of a farmer, was Benny's
favourite.  His name was Jake, and he had big muscles, and a physique of a
fully developed man.  Benny silently lusted after Jake.  He dreamt of being
able to bend Jake over the altar, and like a sacrifice, fuck him up the
arse.  "Stay afterwards, can you Jake.", Benny said.  Jake nodded politely,
not knowing what surprise the good father had intended.  The other boys went
home.  

"What is it, Father?", asked Jake innocently.  Benny moved to the big
wooden door of the chapel and locked it.  He then turned around to face
Jake. He then spoke, "Jake, I want you to do something for me."  As he
said, this he removed his robe and hung it upon the wall.  He was wearing a
pair of overly tight dress pants, a white shirt, and a brown tie.  Jake
noticed that Father Benny was rubbing his hand against his penis, arousing
it to a state that protruded.  "Come here, Jake", asked Benny.  Jake moved
towards him reluctantly.  As he did, Benny grabbed him, and planted a wet
kiss on his lips.  Saliva dripped down Jake's chin.  Jake looked shocked and
stepped back, but before he could, Father Benny grabbed him.  His huge
hands clasped onto Jake's shoulders.  Jake fell back, stumbling onto the
alter.  Benny, unzipped his fly, and with one hand, removed the huge 8 inch
cock.  Veins bulged from it's throbbing surface.  Taking a nearby rope, he
tied Jake's hands to the altar's corners.  Despite Jake's struggling,
Father Benny managed to tie him down.  Benny began removing Jake's pants.
Pulling them down violently, to reveal Jake's genitals, untainted by pubic
hair.  Benny began crawling onto Jake.  His huge hairy, throbbing meat
rubbing against Jake's bald penis excited him.  He became an animal,
consumed with lust, to corrupt this young boy.  He saw young Jake, as a
sheep, ready to be slaughtered.  

Taking his bulbous knob in his hands, Father Benny, began pulling it.  All
the time, rubbing it against Jake's face and genitals.  Jake was crying.
Benny loved it and only got more excited.  After a few moments, he came,
shooting a load of hot cum all over Jake's smooth face.  He wanted to get
inside Jake's tight, moist and ready anus so much.  His cock glistened with
pre-cum just contemplating it.  As he undid the rope, he feared Jake's
escape, but his huge torso covered him, preventing any retaliation or
escape.  Turning Jake onto his stomach, he squeezed his cock into his anus,
violently. It hurt Jake and he cried louder.  Benny began feeding it in,
slowly but surely squeezing it deeper into the shit lined tunnel of love.
As it got deeper, he got more aroused, as he saw Jake's naked buttocks
moved apart, and little drops of blood dripped from his torn anus.  It gave
him much pleasure.

After fucking Jake like a buggerizing beast, he came.  Shooting a load of
hot cum far up Jake's tight, 13 year old, anus.  He began withdrawing his
cock, it hurt Benny as his expanded knob came loose, but he learned to like
the pain.  

On removing it, he saw Jake was unconscious, knocked out by the intense
pain and the shock.  Benny knew that he would be caught if Jake told
anyone.  So he knew he had to do something.  He panicked.  He grabbed a
knife from the small kitchen at the rear of the chapel, and holding it high
in the air.  Drove it through the base of Jake's spine.  Blood spurted up,
like water from a whale.  Jake reeled in pain, as the knife severed his
spinal cord.  Slowly, he died, spewing blood and bile out all over the
alter.  Benny, naked, and covered in blood, laughed as Jake slowly died in
agonizing pain.  It satisfied him.  

Benny laughed as he through Jake's body into the river.  Afterall, who
would suspect the local CATHOLIC priest???
