Archive-name: 3plus/a_ride.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: A Ride


CHAPTER 1

     I am sitting at home alone watching the
evening news.  It is the usual boring once
over with a little detail on the feature
stories.  They give just enough information to
let you know that something is happening.
None of it is very interesting.

     By the end I am ready to turn on the vcr
and put in a tape of some real hot action.
The guy behind the counter at the adult book
store rated very highly.  The title  on the
cover is "Unending Lust".

     The cover art shows a well hung man with
his right hand down a well endowed blondes
miniskirt.  Her top exposes most of her
enormous breasts.  I am getting hard just
thinking of what a body like hers could do in
bed.  Her left hand holds the enormous bulge
in his pants.  His left arm is around her with
his hand under her top and holding her left
breast.  His index finger is touching her
erect nipple under the skin tight material.

     I can't get the tape in the vcr fast
enough.  I have the vcr wired to the stereo so
the sound quality will be better that for just
the tv.  I turn on the stereo, program it to
use the auxiliary port, adjust the volume and
the balance.

     I had a friend check out my speaker
locations a few month back.  I found out they
were in poor locations for how they were being
used.  He helped find the correct locations.
Since they have been moved the difference has
been very noticeable.

     As the introduction comes up on the
screen, I close the drapes.  I don't want the
neighborhood boys peeking in on the action.  I
don't need a lynch mob gathering at my because
some mother didn't like want her son was
seeing.

     I normally have the sofa where the best
sound is, but since I don't have company I
decide to move the sofa back against the wall.
They are starting to previews of other movies
they are offering as I finish moving the sofa.

     Now I can move my favorite recliner to
the sweet spot.  There is a small bare spot in
the carpet that I use to indicate when I am
there.  The action starts as I grab a soda and
lean back in the chair.

     The tv is a large screen model with a 48"
diagonal screen.  From my chair, which is
about five feet from the tv, the screen takes
up most of the view.

     This IS a really hot tape.  The opening
scene is of the blonde climbing out of a hot
tub stark naked.  Her long hair hangs down her
back just brushing her ass.  She climbs out on
the edge of the tub showing off the left side
of her body.

     She places her abundant breast on the
side while positioning her hands for a good
lift.  She swings left leg up out of the tub.
The camera angle changes as her pussy comes
over the edge of the tub giving a close-up of
beautiful cunt as it comes into view.

     For a moment she rests on the edge of the
tub letting the warm water flow down her well
shaped body as comes to a sitting position
facing the camera.  The water glows on that
golden body.

     A river of water flows down the valley
between her breasts toward her cunt.  Her
dripping snatch is in full view.  Her nipples
are like pyrami on her huge breasts.

     The camera again closes in on her hot
pussy as she slowly massages her lusty mound.
She spreads her legs wide giving the camera an
open view over her cunt.  She parts its
luscious lips with two finger s from her right
hand.

     The moist interior of her cunt begs for
attention.  The camera zooms in on her clit as
she starts to rub it gently with her right
forefinger.  Her left comes into view as she
strokes her love button with the forefinger of
both hands while using her middle fingers to
hold her cunt open for easy viewing.

     Soon she is moan sweetly.  Her cunt
strains against her hands.  Her stomach
muscles tighten.  Her juices flow out to join
with the water in cascading down the side of
the tub.

     Suddenly her legs and stomach start to
convulse erotically.  She screams wildly as
she cums.  The camera angle widens to show her
leaning backward over the edge of the hot tub.
Her beautiful face stares at the camera daring the
viewer to do something about it.

     My left hand slides down to my groin to
check my response to all this excitement.  I
find a small wet spot developing on the
outside of my pants just past the end of my
huge hardon.

     I look down briefly to see just how big
the spot is.  The spot seems to grow as I look
at it.  My hardon starts to shrink as the wet
spot gets bigger.  I am a little embarrassed
as I return my gaze back to the movie.

     After resting for a few moments she
climbs down off the side of the tub.  She
heads for a table along side the adjacent
swimming pool.  She grabs a towel from the
back of a chair by the table and starts drying
off.

     She playfully bounces her breasts up and
down as she dries them off.  Carefully she
gets every drop of water off of their firm
countenance.  She lifts her left breast up to
her lips.  Her left nipples stands waiting as
the camera zooms in on it.

     She takes her nipple between her lips and
starts alternately sucking then licking this
small erection.  I can feel my own asking for
the same type of attention.  I look down to
see that the head of my cock is lifting up the
middle of a large wet spot on my pants.

     My penis is throbbing with anticipation
as I look up at the action on the tube. She is
down to her clit and her legs are spread wide
as the camera zooms in.  Her cunt looks so big
and juicy.  Her right hand has found a home by
her cunt.

     The Thumb and forefinger of her right
hand are now playing joyfully with her love
button.  A much more ragged moan greets her
efforts.  You can see that she is REALLY
enjoying herself.

     The camera angle widens as she leans her
ass against the table.  There is a man
climbing out of the pool.  She must hear him
getting out of the water but there is no
apparent response.

     My cock is rock hard and pounding
feverishly, begging to be free of its
confinement.  The action on the screen draws
my undivided attention.  It looks like the
action will soon go to the next level.  What
is he going to do when he gets out of the
water?

     The camera pans between the man and her
cunt.  She has two fingers from her right hand
on her clit and two from her left in her cunt.
God, I wish my cock was where those fingers
are.  Her hips are grinding.  her fingers are
a blur.
     She cums with a series of loud primordial
screams that echo from the speakers and
throughout the room.  There is more than one
reason for her to scream as the man puts his
tongue where her hands are.  The camera
focuses on his tongue licking up her juices.
     He keeps her at the peek of orgasm for
several minutes.  Her cascading shrieks and
moans surround me.  I can feel her ecstasy in
my balls as they begin to throb rhythmically.


     Soon she collapses as her body has had
enough for now.  He picks her up in his arms
and lays her down on a nearby lounge chair.
Her legs are spread wide allowing easy access
to her waiting cunt.

     She wakes up and sees him taking off his
swim trunks.  The swimmers style trunks had
covered next to nothing.  The head of his
royal shaft was protruding from his waistband.
Now his shaft stands proud and ready as he
looks at her from the end of the chair.

    "Come on and fuck me, Jim.  I can see
your hot cock is hard as steel.  But that
fucker right where he belongs."  She says
holding her cunt lips open.

     "You asks for it, Wendy.  You get it!"
Jim says as he positions himself between her
legs.

     I take a brief break to check my groin.
My pants are soaked!  My cock lies limp under
a massive wet spot.  I get up and stop the
tape.  I want to get out of these wet pants
before the cum turns cold.

     Maybe I should just get naked.  Its
Friday night and nobody will be coming around
here this time of night.  On second thought,
this movie is getting hotter, if I just sit
there naked I will be cumming all over the
seat cushion.

     The thought of explaining the eventual
cum stain to my house keeper races through my
mind as I start to head down the hallway 
the bedroom.  I get to the bedroom and have my
shirt off when suddenly the door bell rings.

     "OH SHIT!!!!  TALK ABOUT BAD TIMING!!"

     I quickly slide out of my pants and grab
a robe from the closet.  I throw my clothes on
the bed with the stained material facing up.
The doorbell rings again as I enter the living
room.

     "I'll be there in a minute!"

     I check the room quickly for evidence as
I go to answer the door. Luckily there is no
apparent clues to what I was doing.  I pull
myself together and head for the front door.
The doorbell rings again as I reach for the
door knob.

     Opening the door , I find this beautiful
lady standing there.  She is about 5'4" with
long brown hair, blue eyes, and a worried look
on her face.  She is wearing a black blazer, a
white silk blouse, and black pleated skirt the
just covers her knees.  Her black high heels
accentuate her well shaped legs.  Her shapely
breasts stretch the V of the blazer into a U.
her skin is a beautiful coconut tan.

     I am stunned by the sight of such a sexy
lady at such close quarters at this time of
night.  I try to compose myself.  "Hello,
sorry for the wait.  I don't have too many
people ring my doorbell at this time of
night."

     My robe is about knee length giving ample
coverage under normal circumstances.  However,
my system has been sensitized to the slightest
stimulation by watching the movie.  My cock is
quick to respond to the prospect of getting
some action.
     My cock has been hanging loosely between
my legs.  Seeing this sexy woman has given my
crotch a noticeable rise.  I try to hide my
reaction.

     "My names Rachel.  Me and a friend were
driving down your street when my car broke
down.  I managed to bring it to a stop in
front of your house.  Can I use your telephone
to call a tow truck?"  She says.

     Her eyes wander toward my groin.  "Excuse
me.  Am I interrupting something?"  She says
as she loosens the top two buttons of her
blouse.

     "I was just getting ready for a shower."
So I lie.  She won't know the difference.
"Please come in.  I will show you where the
phone is."  I reply.

     I step back from the doorway and turn
toward the center of the room.  I
unconsciously swing my left hand away from my
groin and toward the end of the hallway. My
cock released from its hold springs through
the opening in my robe.  The head of my penis
can be seen easily.

     "Excuse me."  I say apologetically as I
pop my cock back under my robe.

     She pauses for a second or two then steps
through the door.  Her right hand brushes my
groin.  She lifts my robe freeing my hardon as
she pasts.

     She pauses and puts her hand into my
robe.  She squeezes my balls playfully.
"Excuse me."  She says with a wicked grin on
her face.

     She retrieves her hand and wiggles her
sexy ass as she strides seductively into the
middle of the room.  "Where did you say the
phone was?  She purrs.

     This bitch can sure lay down a heavy
tease.  She has a body built for sex and knows
how to use it.  She isn't afraid to flaunt it
in front of a total stranger either.

     I wonder if she is just a tease or does
she plan on doing it with me?  Would she fuck
a total stranger?

     I cover up my cock and close the door. I
walk past her toward the hallway and reply, "I
didn't say, but if you will follow me, I can
show you where it is."  I say as I head down
the hallway.

     After a few brief moments we reach the
bedroom.  The telephone is on a nightstand by
the right side of the bed.  It is an older
push button model.  There is a large lamp and
an alarm clock occupying the rest of the
stand.

     I notice my clothes lying on the bed with
wet spots in open view.  I look behind me to
see if Rachel is still there.  She has just
entered the room. She must have left her
blazer in the living room.  Her blouse is
unbuttoned but is still tucked in exposing the
valley between her breasts.  There is no bra
and no tan line!

     I feel my desire for her grow in my
groin.  I step back toward the wall giving
Rachel a clear view of the phone and the bulge
protruding from my groin.  I can see Rachel's
eyes are not looking at the telephone.

     She checks out the room briefly.  As she
sees the wet spots she licks her lips and
massages her cunt through her skirt.  Her eyes
return to my bulge as she continues to massage
her cunt.

     "There is the telephone.  The phone book
is in the drawer below it."  I say hoping she
sees what she wants.

     "Thank you."  Rachel replies.

     She walks by and reaches into my robe.
She strokes my hardon vigorously a few times.
"That's a nice piece of meat you have there."
She adds as she release it.

     She grabs the telephone book and leans
back against the headboard with her left leg
hanging off the edge of the bed and the right
one resting on the edge.  She flicks her right
shoe off and bends her right knee high in the
air.

     She rests the telephone book on her leg.
I can just barely see up her skirt from where
I stand against the wall.  First no bra now no
panties!  She is definitely too hot to handle
and knows it oh so well.

     She closes the telephone book.  She puts
it back in the drawer.  She swings around to a
sitting position and closes the drawer.  She
picks up the receiver and taps out a number.

     "Hello this is Rachel Cummings.  My car
broke down at ...."  She starts and looks at
me.

     Taking her head away from the receiver
she asks, "What is your address?"

     "4110 North Saint Claire Avenue."  I
reply.

     "4110 North Saint Claire Avenue."  She
repeats into the receiver.  "How soon can you
get a tow truck out here to take it in?"

     There is a brief pause while the person
on the other end answers her question.

     "Two hours!  Are you sure you can't get
here sooner?  I am going to be late for a
party as it is."

     There is another brief pause.

     "An hour.  That is more like it.  I will
be inside the house at that address waiting.
Thanks."

     "So what is the story."  I say trying to
get some details I can work with.

     "We have to wait here for an hour while
they come and get the car. That still leaves
us without transportation though.  Do you have
a car .....  What is your name anyway?"  She
says with a sense of embarrassment.

     "My name is Bob Reddel.  I do have a car
that is in good working condition.  I am not
going to let a total stranger use it."  I
reply.

     She leans back against the headboard
again.  Her right leg is back on the bed.
Slowly she raises her right knee while she
draws the hem of her skirt down by her waist.

     Her pussy is in clear view now.  To make
it even more obvious, she slides down on to
the bed.  This exposes her cunt in all its
glory.  Her eyes are fixed on my crotch as she
starts playing with her clit.

     "See something you like, stud?"  She
purrs.

     Rachel continues playing with her clit
while staring at my bulge.  Her left hand
slides down the opening in her blouse.  She
starts pulling the blouse out of her skirt.

     "What could I do that would convince you
to let me use your car?"  She breathes in a
low sexy voice as she exposes her left breast.
She starts massaging her erect nipple.

     "I bet you would do just about anything
to loosen that load.  Now wouldn't you?"
Rachel remarks as she continues her slow
torture.  "We could really help each other out
here.  Don't you agree?"

     I contemplate the possibilities for a few
moments as she continues her slow torture.  My
cock is hard as a rock and sticking out in
clear view.  "I will drive you anywhere you
want to go, but I want to fuck you first."  I
reply.

     "You have no idea where I am going.  How
could you drive me there?"  She asks.  Then
she pauses for a moment.  "You have a deal but
first I have to make telephone call."

     She swings around to the side of the bed
covering herself up in the process.  She picks
up the receiver and taps out another number.
"Hello, Rick?  This is Rachel.  Me and Tracy
will be a little late to your party tonight"

     There is a pause and then she answers,
"Yes, we ran into car problems. It will take
about an hour get them taken care of.  And
Rick, we will have a friend with us."

     There is some loud noise from the other
end of the line and then some even louder
laughter.

     "Yes, his name is Bob Reddel.  We will be
coming in his car.  And Rick, tell Wendy he is
hung like a horse."

     There is another pause then some more
laughter on the other end.

     "Yes, I am sitting here looking at his
rock hard cock with pussy juice streaming down
my legs as we speak.  We'll catch you later,
bye."  Rachel says as she hangs up the
receiver.

     "Who is Tracy?"  I ask as she starts
walking toward me.

     "She is a friend of mine.  She is waiting
out in the car"  Rachel replies as the
doorbell rings.  "I bet that is her now."

     I pull myself together once again as we
head for the door.  Such a hot pussy so close
yet so far away.  Am I ever going to get laid?

     It seems that I will, but when?  Maybe
this Tracy will call a halt to our little
deal.  Then again, maybe she will want to join
in.  That last idea sticks in my mind and
thrills to my cock as I reach for the
doorknob.

     I open the door and find yet another
beautiful lady standing at the door.  She
is about 5'8" with long blonde hair, brown
eyes, and a worried look on her face.  She is
wearing a red halter top, and gold shorts that
just cover her cunt.

     Her long slender legs end with well
shaped feet.  I am surprised to see she isn't
wearing shoes.  Her shapely breasts stretch
the material of the halter top to the max.
Her nipples can easily be made from the hills
they create. Her skin is a deep tan.

    Rachel comes up behind her as I stare at
this beautiful woman through the open door.

     "Hi Tracy.  I was just going out to
invite you in when the door bell rang."
Rachel says from behind me.

     The bulge in my groin draws Tracy's
attention as the two women talk.

     "I would hope you weren't going to leave
me out there while you made out with this
stud."  Tracy says as she walks up to me.

     "Hello, two beautiful women as guests is
more than I could ask for.  Please come in."
I say closing the door behind Tracy as she
comes in.

     Tracy has my cock out from under my robe
before the door is closed.  Now this is more
like it.

     "I can see why you would want this hunk
of meat for yourself Rachel.  It isn't often
you find this much meat ready to eat."  Tracy
says as she bends down to suck my hardened
member.

     Rachel whispers in my ear.  "Our deal is
still on stud.  So don't get too carried
away."

     Tracy stops to asks, "What deal might
that be you two?"

     Rachel replies, "Bob here, will drive us
to Rick's in exchange for the privilege of
fucking my hot pussy.  I have already cleared
it with Rick and told him that we will be
late."

     "Yours isn't the only hot pussy looking
to get on this hot rod."  Tracy replies as she
pulls down her shorts.  She steps out of them
and spreads her legs wide open.

     I can see the juice glistening on Tracy's
cunt lips as they stand out from her evenly
tanned skin.  I count my blessings and I come
to grips with the fact that BOTH of these hot
cunts eagerly await my throbbing cock.

     "Okay stud.  Where is the bedroom?  We
have some serious fucking to do."  Tracy
enquires as she strokes my rock hard cock.

     "Follow me down the hallway."  I reply.

     In a few moments we are all in the
bedroom.  As Tracy enters the room I slide her
breasts out from under her halter top and
massage them with both hands.  I find her
nipples to be hard and rigid.  I massage these
little cocks with thumb and forefinger as I
rub her huge breasts.

     Tracy is stroking my huge hardon with her
left hand as she massages my balls with her
right hand.  Rachel's tongue dances a lusty
ballet on and around my cock's head.

     Rachel takes my cock from her mouth and
leads me to the edge of the bed.  She lies
down on the bed with her cunt even with the
edge.  I kneel on the floor as she guides my
hot shaft into to her warm moist pussy.

     Tracy climbs on the bed and plants her
pussy in Rachel's face while leaning over to
lick Rachel's clit in a female variation of a
69.  I can feel Tracy's tongue at work on the
top of my cock as I repeatedly drive it ever
so deep into Rachel's hot cunt.

     After a few minutes of this intense love
play the two women are breathing raggedly.  I
can feel Rachel's stomach muscles flexing
around my shaft.  Her cunt milks my cock as I
drive deeper and deeper into her.

     Tracy breaks from her play as she's the
first to reach the heights of orgasm.  Rachel
continues her intense eating of Tracy's cunt.
Tracy has multiple orgasms as a result of this
intense attention.

     Tracy collapses on top of Rachel and,
after a moments rest, returns to her play.
Rachel now starts getting the full force of
the action.  Rachel's moaning becomes intense
then changes to loud shrieks of ecstasy as she
too as multiple orgasms.

     I speed up my pace and my cum starts
flowing to my cock.  I pull out and shot my
cum in Tracy's face.  She responded by taking
my cock in her mouth and sucking it dry.

     Finally we are all spent and collapse on
the bed in a mound of satisfied flesh.  No one
has enough energy left to move.
---

