Archive-name: 3plus/a_swap.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: A Swap


Jeri and I had been married for about ten years, and most of  our
relationship had been great.  We enjoyed most of the same things:
music,  sports,  movies,  sex.  We made love often,  and  it  was
usually  super.   Nevertheless,  I had always  had  this  nagging
feeling  that  she  was not being  completely  satisfied  by  our
lovemaking.  Still, I had to admit that she almost always  seemed
to reach orgasm, particularly when I took her clit in my lips and
licked back and forth across it as fast as my tongue could go.  I
could  see  her tummy muscles tighten in spasms  as  she  groaned
faster and faster until she cried out and then relaxed,  becoming
all  soft and warm.  Her climaxes were similar when I  pushed  my
cock  in  as far and as fast and as hard as I  could,  but  those
orgasms  were  not  as intense (at least I wasn't  sure).   As  a
result  of  this concern, I began to wonder whether  I  might  be
falling some what "short" in fulfilling her sexual needs.

As time passed, I began to develop a fantasy as to how to test my
theory  that Jeri would be more satisfied by a bigger  cock.   At
first I thought about getting one of those giant dildoes I'd seen
in  the  porno store, but decided that that would  have  been  so
obvious  as  to negate the value of the test results.   The  only
true test would be for Jeri to think that I was fucking her,  but
with  a  bigger cock.  However, at least so far,  there  were  no
hospitals  providing dick enlargement operations, so  that  meant
that  if  I  was ever going to find out, I  would  have  to  find
someone  else  (with a really big dick) to fuck  Jeri  while  she
thought it was me!

Where does one begin to recruit someone for this sort of a  plan?
I  couldn't go to a night club and "pick up" someone.  It had  to
be  someone  I  could trust, someone safe,  and  someone  "hung".
There  were plenty of guys at work that would love to  get  their
dick in Jeri, but there's the old saying about "don't shit in you
own backyard" that made co-workers out of the question.  So  what
to do?

It  was  about this time that an old friend from my  high  school
days  called  to say he was back in town and would  like  to  get
together  and  renew  our  friendship.   I  didn't  put  the  two
situations   together  at  first,  but  when  Mel  and  I   began
reminiscing  about  out  days  together on  the  Tennis  team,  I
remembered why I had envied him.  As I recalled, Mel's prick  was
as  big  soft  as mine had been hard, although we  never  made  a
direct comparison.  I thought that he was very probably (at least
physically) what I needed to fulfill my fantasy "test."


As  Mel  and I talked, I learned that he was  recently  separated
from  his  wife, and that they were going to get a  divorce.   He
stated  his  displeasure at reentering the dating  scene,  saying
that  all  the really great women had already found  someone  and
gotten  married  or were at least living with someone.   He  also
confided that he had once had a desire to pursue Jeri, but that I
had  "beaten him out".  This was almost too unlikely to  believe,
but  what the hell, I decided to give it a try and see how far  I
could make this go.  Could I really let another man fuck my wife?

Over  the next several weeks, we had Mel over for dinner  and  we
went  out to the movies together a few times.  Jeri fixed him  up
with some of her girlfriends from work, but nothing clicked.  All
the  while, I was making casual hints about Jeri and me  to  Mel,
trying  to  see if he showed any interest,  He  seemed  genuinely
concerned  about  us, and I felt more comfortable  all  the  time
about revealing my fantasy to him.

One night, after dinner, as we were having a drink, and Jeri  was
on the phone with a friend, I decided to open the door on my soul
a little wider.  I asked Mel to confirm that he still found  Jeri
attractive,  which he did.  I then began to explain  my  concerns
about  our physical relationship.  He understood, and joked  that
"all  you  pencil-peters  have that fear."   "Thanks  a  lot",  I
answered.   "You're a big help."  "Well, what the fuck can  I  do
about  it?", he asked.  "Look Mel, you and I have  gotten  pretty
close, and I think I can tell you something in confidence without
fear of your having a bad reaction."


I proceeded to carefully outline my fantasy to see if Jeri  would
have a stronger orgasm if she were making love to me and I had  a
bigger dick.  "So how you gonna do that?", Mel asked.  "Well",  I
said,  "You asked what you could do...."  Then I went full  ahead
and detailed what I thought could work to fool Jeri into thinking
that she was screwing me when in fact she'd be screwing Mel.  Mel
was   not  too  eager  at  first,  but  after  some   long-winded
rationalizing,  I began to turn him toward agreeing to give it  a
try.   I asked him just how big he was, to which he replied  "big
enough!".   Finally I got him to admit to 10 and a  half  inches.
"Sure!",  I said.  "Want proof?" he asked.  "I'm  from  Missouri.
Show me!".  I got a ruler, he got
 it hard, I checked, he'd lied... it was actually just over  11".
"Whoa",  I said.  "Ever size, maybe this wasn't such a good  idea
after  all.   But  I'd  committed  to  this  course,  and  I  was
determined to get the answer to my question.

Obviously,  it would be necessary for Mel to be  present  without
Jeri  knowing it, so the first order of business was to select  a
location  where I could be fucking Jeri while Mel was  close  by.
We  decided on the rec room, because of the storage  room  nearby
where Mel could hide until I got things going.  There were  these
big  floor pillows that Jeri and I had fucked on before, so  that
wouldn't arouse her suspicion.  Next, we had to figure out how to
get  Mel into the storage room without Jeri knowing that  he  was
even in the house.  We figured that we cold "sneak" Mel into  the
house while Jeri was at the store.  Then we had to come up with a
way  for  Mel to relieve himself in case he had to  take  a  piss
while he waited in the store room.  An empty coffee can with  its
plastic  lid would work OK.  Since there would be no easy way  to
signal Mel when to come out of the store room, we agreed that  he
would  just have to peek around the doorway to the rec  room  and
use  his  own best judgment as to when to come  in.   The  lights
would  have to be off so that Jeri would not be able to  see  Mel
and I trade off.

Finally, the big night came, and as Jeri left in her car to go to
the  store,  I called Mel   He parked around the corner  so  that
Jeri wouldn't see his car when she returned.  "Are you sure about
this?"  he asked as he came in.  "Yes!  I've got to find out,  or
I'll wonder for the rest of my life."  "OK", he replied, "as long
as  you're sure."  We checked out the storage room, and the  path
through  the rec room, so that he wouldn't trip on or  walk  into
something as he approached in the dark.  Fortunately, there was a
moon out that night, which would help light the rec room a little
through the skylight.

We went over the plan while we waited.  I would give Jeri  enough
to drink to ger her a little tipsy and then start making love  to
her on the pillows.  I would get between her legs and caress  her
thighs  and  hips  with both hands, one on each  side.   I  would
continue this caressing as I put my cock into her.  At this  time
Mel  should show up and get into position behind me and a  little
to my left.  As I would bring my left hand down her right leg,  I
would  lift it away, and Mel would begin to caress her as  I  had
done.   Then I would pull by cock out of Jeri's pussy and run  it
along her thigh, back and forth, while fondling her clit with  my
right hand.  As I reached as far down her leg as I could, Mel and
I would trade places, and he would move his cock down her leg and
into  her pussy.  His hand would take the place of my right  hand
as  we finished the switch-over.  It sounded like it  would  work
OK.  In any case, we would know pretty soon.

When  Jeri  returned, I helped her put away  the  groceries,  and
asked  her  if she'd care for a drink.  "Sure.", she said,  so  I
fixed her a Gin Tonic, her usual.  I fixed a Scotch and water for
myself, very mild so I could stay alert and coordinated.  We went
to the rec room, talked about work and about going on a  vacation
to  Lake Tahoe next summer, and danced to some '50s music on  the
radio.   When  I  refilled  our drinks I  made  Jeri's  a  little
stronger  than usual, but kept mine weak.  Jeri was enjoying  the
mood,  and her body was warmer and her kisses more demanding  all
the  time.  After still another drink, we danced to an old  Elvis
ballad  ("Love Me Tender") and she began rubbing the front of  my
jeans with her hand.  I kissed her deeply, and began undoing  the
buttons  of her blouse.  "I love you, Jeri" I said as  kissed  he
neck,  then her breasts.  Her tits were so very firm,  and  small
but  not  "little", just perfect!.  Her  nipples  pointed  upward
slightly, and were hard and hot as I sucked on them.

Gradually  we  undressed one another and held each  other  close,
kissing.   As we sank slowly to the floor, I turned out the  last
light,  and  slid one of those big pillows under Jeri.   I  began
caressing  her  arms,  her breasts, her tummy,  her  thighs,  her
everything.   Jeri was only moderately active, probably from  the
booze, which was exactly what I'd hoped for.  As I kissed my  way
down  the front of her, she moaned softly.  As my  tongue  parted
the lips of her pussy, she only moved a little.  It was then that
I  pressed against the insides of her knees until she had  spread
her legs wide apart.  I hoped there would be enough room for  the
switch from me to Mel.  I continued to kiss her pussy and  caress
her  legs until I felt Mel move in behind me.  I almost  panicked
at this point, for fear that Jeri would realize that I was up  to
something  and  that  she'd get pissed off.  But  she  was  still
enjoying  my  attention and didn't sense anything other  than  my
tongue,  and my hands.  Slowly, I raised my head up from  between
her  thighs and moved myself into position.  I gently  eased  the
tip  of  my dick into her and then pulled back, rubbing  the  tip
around the outside.  All the while I was rubbing up and down  her
right leg with my left hand and fondling her pussy with my right.

When  Mel  put his hand on my left forearm, I almost  jumped.   I
wasn't expecting it, but managed to maintain my concentration.  I
raised  my  left hand off off Jeri's leg, and Mel took  over  the
caressing  on  that  side.  I pushed my cock back  into  Jeri,  a
little further this time.  I moved myself as far to the right  as
I  thought  I could without arousing suspicion, then  pulled  out
again.   As I moved the tip of my dick along Jeri's right  thigh,
she  moaned  "Please put it in again".  I raised up as far  as  I
could on my knees, and Mel began to move in front of me.  In  the
dim moonlight, shining through the skylight, I could see his  big
cock  sliding  down  her thigh.  "What the fuck am  I  doing?"  I
thought.  But before I could think about it I had to move out  of
the way.  That required pressing very tightly against Mel's back.
As  my  dick passed over the crack of his ass, I had  a  thought.
"No,  this  is not the time for that kind of  new  experience"  I
thought.  I moved all the way out then, and positioned myself  so
that I could watch the penetration.  Mel was soooooo big!  I felt
very  strange  as  I  watched the tip  of  his  dick  enter  that
beautiful  "honey  hole"  that, up to now, had  been  my  private
playground.   In  it went, past the tip,  past  the  circumcision
scar,  down, deeper, deeper, all the while Jeri's  moans  getting
louder, deeper, different than I'd ever heard before.  "Oooooooh,
that's sooooo good!", she said in a low, very soft voice.  "Don't
ever  stop!"  Mel picked up the pace, faster and  faster,  deeper
and  deeper.   Jeri's moans were almost gasps.   "Ooooh,  Oooooh,
Yessssss, Yesssssss, YEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS".  It was finally over.

It  was  then  that I heard those words that  I'll  never,  ever,
forget.   "Oh, Mel, you're as good as ever!  You always were  the
very best!"

To  make  a  long story short, Mel and Jeri  lived  happily  ever
after, I jack off a lot.

--
