Nenim 1, 0512

	It had been a strange night already, but I don't know what 
possessed me then.  I walked briskly out of the castle and took a 
grav-slide down to the lagoon, I remember, and then summoned the 
SDisk.  When the symbols on the command panel resolved into the word 
"destination" I ordered "Rick's Underground."  The pad resolved into 
the glimmering white pentacle that manifests in water environments, 
and I stepped across the water onto the center.  Since I was the only 
passenger, I immediately said "go."  But also, in the back of my 
mind, there was the question, and as the teleporter activated, the 
desperate question came through clearly:

	"What am I doing...

	...here?"  The smell hit me first, but then it always hits 
first.  Strong, pungent masculine sweat of a dozen species and 
leather combined with other, less definable (or more deniable) 
smells.  The heat hits second.  Rick uses full radiation-divestiture 
cooling units, and it doesn't help.  The raw incandescent lightbulbs, 
the bodies and motion of what was probably over a hundred males 
moving in rhythm to music that was too damned loud, added to the heat 
that soaked through me where my skin was exposed.  My face was 
flushed, and I knew it.  What am I doing here?

	I walked forward into the dark and shadows and approached the 
bar.  Horny, yes, but looking for something, too.  But what?  A 
specific species?  A certain size?  A master for a night, the 
weekend?  What am I doing here?

	There was a time when doing this-- engaging in random, violent, 
wild sex with whatever mel struck my fancy-- was the high point of my 
every day.  But I eventually grew tired of it, because something was 
missing, something I get out of my love for P'nyssa.  And when the 
need for the violence, for the intense sensory overload, for the 
simple pleasure that cleansing pain can be, gets to be too much, I go 
to people I know, people I trust to handle me right.  Once again I 
wondered, What am I doing here?

	I walked up to the bar and ordered something mild and simple.  
The bartender, a Felinzi, gave me this furrowed-brow look, his ears 
pulling forward, but I ignored it.  Whatever I was looking for, it 
didn't take long for that something to find me.  I stood with my back 
to most of the bar when this enormous grey-furred paw clamped itself 
over my eyes.  I struggled for a second when this low, barely 
controlled Uncia voice, full of menace, growled, "Don't fight, and 
don't talk.  I have orders not to hurt you too badly.  I know who you 
are, and I know you speak Uncia."  I stopped.  I don't fight with 
two-and-a-half meters and two hundred kilos of anthropomorphic snow 
leopard, not without powered armor I don't, but I wanted to.  His 
huge paw firmly over my eyes, the tips of his claws imbedded just to 
the point of pain against my right temple,he turned me around and 
directed me.  The claws of his other paw were pressed through the 
leather vest I wore, and he pushed me on.  Not for the first time I 
wondered, What am I doing here?

	The music of The Underground faded into the background, and I 
realized he was leading me back towards the private rooms.  There was 
the sound of a door opening, and he pushed me through it into a room 
that felt small.  Oh Gods, did he take me back to the dungeon?  More 
hands were suddenly on me, and three more mels, as far as I could 
tell, began removing my pants, my boots, my shirt and vest.  I 
struggled again, and there was a sharp slap across my ass.  I 
groaned.  There was more noise, the sound of chains, and leather 
straps were wrapped around my wrists, my arms right above the elbow, 
my ankles and above the knees, and around my throat.  The claw at my 
back moved to my shoulder, and began to force me down.  I whimpered 
as I was forced into a kneeling position.  I was pushed down onto a 
leather platform, and I heard chains rattle as I realized I was being 
strapped into a suspended harness.  I tried to get up, but hands 
grabbed me and pushed me back down, securing my belted neck to a 
variform headrest that provided for easy access to my mouth.  My 
wrists were crossed and secured behind my back.

	More hands grabbed my legs and spread them wide.  I heard more 
chains as I was firmly secured to the floor by the ankles and knees.  
The Uncia never took his paw from my eyes.  A final leather belt was 
laid across the small of my back and tightly secured to the harness.  
The hands left me, and then the Uncia's paw left as well.  The lights 
were off!  I still couldn't see a damn thing.  I heard the shuffling 
of feet as I heard my four assailants leave, and when they opened the 
door the little light admitted let me see only a featureless grey 
wall.

	I don't know how long I sat there in the dark, waiting.  I 
strained, fighting against the leather, fighting with my fear.  I 
stopped occasionally, and tried to sort out the scent of my four 
assailants, looking for anything familiar.  Nothing.  This room was 
obviously well used, the harness infused with sweat. I waited, 
struggling.

	The door behind me opened.  A bolt of fear shot through me.  For 
the first time I realized just how vulnerable I was, my ass spread 
wide and exposed, my cock hanging free and accessible.  There were 
footsteps, and a low chuckling growl.  I heard the door click shut.  
The smell of my new master washed over me, leather and sweat, and I 
knew what he was.  Mephit.  All the facts about Mephits ran through 
my mind.  Averaging 175 cm and a little lighter than humans.  Black 
fur, erectile tail-- anthropomorph skunk.  And this one, I knew him, 
but where?  His scent was oh, so familiar!  Dammit, I knew this 
melMeph!

	There was another chuckle, and I jumped as I felt sharp claws 
lightly touch my buttocks.  He laughed, a cruel laugh that told me 
nothing.  The claws tracked across my ass and up the small of my 
back, one of the most ticklish parts of my body, sending shocks 
through me that rattled the chains of my leather prison.  And then 
there was a voice, and he said, "Hello, Shardik."

	I groaned.  I knew him.  Oh, yes, I did, and I was going to pay 
dearly for that knowledge.  "Hello..." I whispered, gulped, "Hello, 
Aaden."

	He walked around to stand in front of me, and then crouched down 
so  we were nearly face-to-face.  "Remember the last time we met?" he 
asked.

	My tongue was thick, but I managed to say, "In the Hex."

	"Remember what happened that day?"  He was grinning, evil.

	I nodded, then found my balls to say, "You lost."

	He reacted like I'd hit him, pulling his arm back to slap me, 
but didn't.  He grinned again, maliciously, and said, "You won.  You 
were the first person to beat me, to actually take me all the way to 
the bell, you bastard.  DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT COST ME?"

	I nodded, echoing his grin as I did so.  Tied up as I was, 
helpless as I was, I had him.  I had beat him in the Hex, and his 
first loss had unseated his legend.  I'd fucked him there in the 
center, in front of the roaring crowd, raping him as he'd have done 
to me had he won.  He could be beat, and I had proven it.  He was 
still one of the best, but he was beatable.

	"Well, guess what, Shardik... Tonight you get yours.  Me and my 
four friends are going teach you what it means to win.  And you're 
not going to see it."  He reached back behind the chaps he wore, took 
out a leather blindfold, and approached me.  I whipped my head back 
and forth to avoid his hands, but he snapped his fingers and the door 
opened.  "I'm not going to argue with you on this."  The Uncia's huge 
paws clamped down on my head and held me still.  The blindfold went 
on.

	"Dammit, Aaden, let me see!"

	"Oh, no, not on your life," he replied.  I felt the Uncia let go 
of me, and I was left to hang there, blind.  There was silence again.

	And then I heard the sound of clothing being removed, and of 
heavy groans of male approval.  The smell of sex was strong again, 
and my cock responded, becoming erect even as it dangled freely.  
There was a small laugh, then a paw touched my face, wrapping over it 
and then under my chin.  The fingers, Aaden's by the scent, pressed 
into my jaw, and he said, "Open it."  I resisted.  He squeezed harder 
until my jaw ached, and repeated, "Open it.  Now."

	I opened my mouth, waiting.  I could feel him approaching, smell 
his crotch, the familiar sweet smell, and I felt the head of his cock 
play over my lips.  I pursed my lips to kiss him, and he pulled away.  
"See," he said.  "You want it."

	I did.  I waited as he played with my blindness, slapping my 
cheeks gently with his cock, teasing.  He would pull away, then 
slowly slide the head of his cock against my cheek or up my chin.  
"Bastard," I gasped.

	"Ahh, you're too anxious.  You don't think I could give this to 
you so easily, do you?  You have to suffer."

	He pressed the head against my lips, and I opened my mouth to 
let him.  He was huge, described at the Hex if I recall as "two soda 
cans placed one atop the other."  Maybe not, but it was close.  The 
head slid past my lips, and I couldn't help but scrape teeth along 
it, he was so damn large.  My tongue was pressed flat against the 
floor of my mouth, but I did my best, drawing my lips around his 
cock, feeling the velvet soft head and the slight ridge that ran the 
underside.  I concentrated on his cock, trying to please him.

	I felt his hand reach up under the hair on the back of my neck 
and clamp down on a handful.  I groaned, possessed.  Dammit, who had 
told him that?  Grab my hair properly like that and I'll do anything.  
He slowly began to rock back and forth, his enormous maleness fucking 
my mouth.  I heard some sounds, maybe talking, but it didn't concern 
me.  Until I felt the results.

	He stroked slowly, always just barely striking the back of my 
throat, and my reflex had tears streaming down my eyes.  I wanted 
him, wanted him to come, please.

	I felt a slight caress against my ass and the pleasure drove me 
berserk, straining against the bonds, the chains.  Aaden's cock in my 
mouth was going no faster, no more demanding.  It was going to take 
forever, and I wanted it now!  The touch was a mitten, somewhere my 
dim brain registered one of Aaden's four friends as a Tindal.  One 
spoke to another, and I understood the language, but I didn't try to 
comprehend it.  The cock, Aaden's cock, was all that concerned me.  
That and the soft mitt at my backside.  

	The mitt went away, and it returned, sharply, slapping my ass.  
The stinging pain made me try and cry out, but Aaden's cock muffled 
my scream.  Again, and again.  "Don't bite," Aaden chided me. "I 
might have to get rough."

	Damn you, damn you, the words shot through my mind.  Get rough, 
then.  Just don't tease me like this.

	The slaps stopped, and they hadn't been hard enough to leave 
much more than a mild sting.  Tindals don't have much strength as it 
is.  I could feel sometimes a soft coolness under my chin when a tear 
fell off of me, and sometimes one left a cool track down my throat.  
There was a soft warm breath over my ass, and then somebody pressed 
their lips to my buttocks. I groaned again.  The lips kissed me 
gently.  Dammit, who was he?  I held perfectly still, not wanting to 
discourage those lips.  I concentrated on Aaden's cock, but the lips 
approached my anus, slowly, and then whoever it was pressed a single 
kiss to my asshole.  My mind reeled.  Please, oh please.

	It went away, and as it did I felt Aaden's cock pull away as 
well.  I cried out, incoherent with need.
	 There was a shuffling, and the slight draft told me Aaden had 
left me, gone back to be with his buddies.  There were more moans, 
more malesex sounds, wet and teasing.  My heart beat hard, and I 
cursed quietly.  I felt someone soft and furry crawl under me, and I 
felt something... a pillow, be passed underneath me as well.  A hand, 
no, a mitten, passed over my cock, and I groaned, louder than ever.  
Slowly, whoever it was breathed on my cock, and I jumped.  Soft lips 
encircled the head, and slowly the Tindal underneath me began to suck 
me, as slowly as Aaden had forced me to suck him.  He was good.  So 
good, and so slow.  There was a hand on my back, moving up to my 
head, and like Aaden's, this paw reached up under my hair and grabbed 
me.  I groaned.  Too much, too much.  I recognized the touch of my 
Uncia kidnaper.  He came around, and again in Uncia said, "You get 
mine."  I felt the head of his cock against my lips, and I grabbed it 
with my mouth, wanting more.  It was soft, but my greedy sucking 
would quickly change that.  The Uncia moaned appreciatively.  I 
worked on it with more care, trying to concentrate, trying to ignore 
the torture of the mouth around my penis.

	A hand again reached out to caress my ass, and I heard a thump 
as someone dropped to his knees on the wooden floor.  There was a 
shuffling, and I felt the soft fur of Aaden's thighs against mine, 
and his soft cock pressed gently down the crease of my ass, the head 
dangling against my balls.  The mouth around my cock never ceased.

	Aaden leaned back, and from what I could hear, someone back 
there was stroking him to hardness.  No, Aaden, I begged silently.  
Someone else first, you're too big.  Let someone else break me in 
first, please.  It's been too long!

	But all I could do was moan around my Uncia lover's cock.  It 
was of average thickness, but it was long, and he used it to his best 
advantage, shoving it past my throat, ravishing me, gagging me over 
and over, eliciting more tears as he buried his cock into me, and I 
felt the heavy fur and powerful muscles of his belly against my face 
when he did.  Then he pulled back to let me breathe before starting 
again.

	Aaden rose, and I felt two fingers spreading a lubricant around 
my anus.  It was hot; someone had cared enough to warm it before use.  
The hand again vanished, and I felt Aaden rise.  The Uncia stopped 
for a moment, and said, "You're gonna get it now."

	I heard Aaden reply, "Yes, he is."  I felt the head of his cock 
against my asshole, and behind it I could feel his whole body 
pressing.  He was as hard as steel and as demanding as fire.  My anus 
gave way a little, and the head pressed past the first ring of muscle 
towards the second ring, the involuntary ring.  My ass would give no 
further, but Aaden just held there, waiting, and he said quietly, 
"You're going to take me."  He pressed again, and I gave way just a 
little more.  The mouth around my cock had stopped, I hadn't noticed 
when.  Slowly, there was a burning sensation around my asshole, a 
stretching, tearing feeling that hurt so much and was so wonderfully 
familiar again after all these years.  Aaden pressed a little harder, 
and suddenly I felt my asshole clamp down around him as the entire 
head of his cock slid into me.  I groaned in pain, and in pleasure.  
Oh, yes.  

	His hands grabbed my hips and he pressed further, his cock 
probing deeper into me, sliding into my rectum, and I felt the 
ancient cramping sensation as he pressed up against my insides, 
leading deeper into my guts.  He had me, pinned like a butterfly, 
violated.  I strained against my bonds to meet him, and he responded, 
pulling out until the head was left, and then sliding into me, 
gently.  He was slow and sure and he hurt and he felt so good.  The 
Uncia's paw tightened against my hair, and he began to fuck my mouth, 
again, and I responded, hungry again.  The Tindal sucked on me, 
teasing me torturously, but Aaden set the pace of it all, as he 
slowly fucked my yielded ass.  The tenor of my begging changed, and I 
honestly hoped one of them was a telepath.  Rape me.  Please, use me, 
let me be your toy, your fuck toy, your favorite toy.  Use me 
forever. 

	Aaden began to fuck me faster, and I could feel the ring of my 
anus following his cock in and out, and his fucking became harder.  
Then he stopped, and I felt a shuffling as he placed his knees up 
closer to mine, and as he stroked into me his thighs struck mine, his 
hips striking my buttocks, small ripples through our muscular bodies 
as he slammed me, fucking me, his enormous hard cock taking me, 
ravaging my ass.  The Uncia was forced to accept the pace with every 
hard shove, and he began to fuck me in earnest.  I could feel his 
orgasm approaching, and he forced it deeper into me.  There was no 
warning, though, when he came, shooting his thick cream down my 
throat, but his roar filled my ears, my mind, for a moment blocking 
out even Aaden's eternal cock filling my backside.

	The mouth around my cock had eased, backing off, and I wanted to 
come then, but finally it went away completely.  Damn you, I thought 
again.  Please.  Vile epithets filled my mind as Aaden filled my 
asshole with his penis.  Damn you.

	Aaden began slamming me so hard that the entire harness shifted, 
and I heard his teeth grind and he said, "I'm gonna come," and with 
three painfully hard jabs deep into my belly he screamed and came, 
and I actually could feel his come filling me, heating and burning 
and so wonderful.  He collapsed, leaving me still on edge.  

	The other two men in the room hadn't said a word the entire 
time, but I heard Aaden address them, saying, "Your turn."  There was 
a small laugh, and Aaden rose from his position behind me.  He was 
replaced by another pair of thighs, and another cock was slid into 
me.  The sudden change burned worse than ever, but I didn't care.  A 
cock was presented to my lips, and I sucked on it rapturously.  These 
two fucked me hard front and rear, and the one in front was very 
definitely human, the one behind me I guessed to be another Mephit.  
They used me as effectively as Aaden and the Uncia, and when they 
came Aaden and the Uncia took their places, this time the Uncia 
taking my ass and Aaden forcing my mouth against his anus to lick and 
rim him before turning and filling my mouth with his creamy white 
come.  All the time the Tindal on the floor kept sucking me, taking 
me to the edge and then backing off.  Again the other two took me, 
and the cock down my throat was definitely Mephit, and they ravished 
me as surely as they could.

	Then they all backed off, and the mouth around my cock was 
stronger and more insistent.  I felt Aaden get behind, and he slowly 
slid into me.  He cock filled me again as it had before, like no 
other cock had tonight, and he fucked me slowly and firmly, and I 
cursed and blessed him as the Tindal underneath me sucked firmly, his 
mitten coming up and slowly stroking my balls and sometimes past them 
to touch my asshole as Aaden's cock sawed in and out of me.  I was in 
heaven, and I could feel the pain of denial fading, my orgasm coming, 
coming.  Aaden began to shove harder, and he was going to come one 
last time, the third time, and suddenly it felt like my balls 
squeezed down on their own, and everything stopped, and I came, 
crashing down in an orgasm so long and so loud that they must have 
heard me back in the main room, my every muscle straining.  Aaden 
screamed aloud too, and the throbbing of his cock back inside me was 
a final baptism for me.  I collapsed.

	When I came to, I was loose.  They were gone.  I rose, aching in 
every muscle, from every demand.  My anus hurt like it had never hurt 
before, my jaw tired, my cock sore from what must have been two hours 
of erection.  When I finally did try and stand, my mind reeled.  I 
braced myself against the wall.  The room was actually smaller than I 
had thought at first.  I noted a few things, like the small package 
of wipes on the floor, mostly used.  Thank you, Aaden, for being at 
least that concerned about my health that you would clean yourselves 
before taking my mouth again.  The other thing was the little yellow 
sheet on the door.  "We're in the Arc dining room.  Come find us if 
you awake before 1800 hrs."

	I dressed, noting the five claw holes in the vest.  They weren't 
bad.  I was going to keep them.

	I left to find my abusers.  It was well before 1800.  I imagine 
I wobbled a little as I walked.  The thought made me smile.  But I 
hurt.

	It was a good hurt.



	EPILOGUE:

	Walking through the bar had been difficult, trying to face all 
those horny males, but I reached the SDisk and ordered it to take me 
to my own room.  I showered, dressed and took a public disk to the 
Arc dining room.

	When I got there, the sun was shining through the enourmous 
skylight, and the plants that lined the metalwork ceiling were green 
and lush.  I scanned the white-washed room for Aaden, and I found 
him, complete with his four compatriots, and got the shock of my 
life.

	There was a general loud greeting, a lot of "Hey, how ya 
feelin's," and there, sitting between Aaden and the Uncia, sat 
P'nyssa.  I sat down at the table uncomfortably, shifting, and said, 
rather shyly, "Hi.  Guess I'll be doing that for a couple of days."

	Aaden raised his eyebrows and said, "Guess you will.  Well?"

	"Well what?" I asked.

	"Did you like it?"

	I stopped, gaped, and said, "Of course I liked it.  But...  
How..."

	"P'nyssa?" Aaden asked, both to finish my question and to prompt 
P'nyssa to answer it.

	She said, "We had this planned months ago.  We were just waiting 
for you to show up."

	"You what?"

	Well, you told me a while ago that that was a fantasy of yours, 
to be willfully raped by several men."

	"So you... and he..." I was stunned.  "But I must have told you 
that years ago!"

	She nodded.  "So?"

	I sighed.  "Thank you, P'nyssa."  I rose, walked over to her and 
hugged her over the chair.  "I love you."

	"I love you too," she said.

	"How did you know to get Aaden?" I asked, still stunned.
	 She smiled that coy smile that always drives me crazy.  "That 
was the hard part.  But I did some research." She reached under the 
table and pulled out a memory chip, plugged it into a small HoloMan 
she carried, and Kathy Hawkwind's picture illustrated fine, and began 
to relate the story I'd told her.

	"Sonuvabitch," was all I said.

	Aaden introduced me to the other three, the Human being a huge 
blond man named Derek, the Uncia was named Tarritt and the other 
Mephit, named Erith.  I hugged every one of them, but when I stopped 
at Erith I said, "Young melMeph, have you got something against me?"

	He looked flustered, and said, "No... why?"

	"Because you fucked me hard, real hard.  Harder than Aaden, 
even."

	"No, I don't think I do.  I thought you liked that sort of 
thing."

	I smiled, and laid an arm across my stomach, wincing at the 
slight cramp still there, and said, "I do.  Wow.  One other thing, 
Aaden, how did you mask P'nyssa's scent?"

	P'nyssa answered.  "A little perfume, a little misdirection, a 
little hardware.  It wasn't hard."

	"Oh."  They weren't going to tell me.  That's okay; it worked.  
"How did you get P'nyssa past Rick?  As far as I know, she's the 
first female to ever get into The Underground."

	"Ken," Aaden answered.  The fact that he called me by my first 
name  surprised me.  "Nobody is ever going to argue with an Uncia and 
Shardik's roommate.  Not even an AI."

	I smiled.  It's nice to have friends like that.
  
--
"Aaden's Revenge"
The Journal Entries of Kennet R'yal Shardik, et. al. 
are copyright (c) 1989-1994 Elf Mathieu Sternberg.  Distribute freely 
via electronic media.  This copyright permits individual users to 
make single hardcopies for their own use.  The Journal Entries may 
not be sold or otherwise distributed for profit.
