Urim 18, 0523

	I hate dancing.  Can't stand it, don't like it, won't do it 
except under duress.  Dancing is not having sex standing up, because 
I've done that.  Dancing is standing still, only faster.  The basic 
reason behind my dislike of dancing is that I think I look like an 
idiot out there.  I'm sure I have no rhythm, no grace.  Oh sure, give 
me a suit of Shirow and I'll do pirouettes, but that's only because 
I've pre-programmed routines into the suit and string them together.  
People who dance professionally tell me that's what they do, but the 
'routines' are in their heads.  I guess I don't have programmable 
legs.

	But P'nyssa loves to dance.  Adores it.  And every once in a 
while, we go dancing together.  I drag her to readings and rock 
concerts, so I suppose it's only fair that she drags me to a dance 
every once in awhile.    But, as always, I ended up standing on the 
sidelines praying that she won't ask me out there.  Begging whatever 
deity watches over me to let me stay in peace.

	I enjoyed watching, to be honest; there are few things sexier 
than watching a Felinzi who knows how to dance.  Especially since 
this year's fashion was particularly revealing.

	"Want to join me?" she asked, smiling.  

	I sighed inwardly and said "Sure."  She reached out a ten and 
pulled me onto the floor, where I proceeded to do my best to keep up 
with the tempo.  But I still felt spotlighted, watched by a thousand 
judging eyes, just waiting for the thumbs-down.  Call me paranoid, 
but that's how I felt.

	The song ended and I hoped for a quick retreat.  The next tune 
the CJ pulled up was a lot slower.  That I can handle.  It gave me an 
excuse to pull P'nyssa closer.  She laughed when I whispered that 
into her ear.

	We danced slowly on the darkened dance floor, cuddling under the 
slowly turning lights, surrounded by dozens of other couples doing 
the same.  Every once in a while I would sneak a hand down and 
squeeze her ass through her skirt.  Her response was to do the same 
to me.

	We were barely moving when P'nyssa looked up over my shoulder 
and said, "Hi!"

	I broke away from her to see an old friend standing behind me, 
Aaden Satpulov.  He cocked his furry head querulously and said, "May 
I have this dance?"

	P'nyssa and I at once said, "Of course."  I looked at her, she 
looked at me.  We laughed.  "I think he meant you," she said.

	"Indeed," Aaden said.

	I stammered for a second, then said, "I accept."  She smiled and 
wandered off through the crowd.  The music changed; another slow 
song.  Had he known, or merely hoped?  It didn't matter; I opened my 
arms and took him in, cursing my predilection for full-length 
sleeves.  I wanted to feel him.

	He put his arms under mine, around me, laying his head on my 
shoulder.  I reached around and put my hand on the back of his neck, 
just at the collar, the other around his middle.  We danced.  This 
time the music was a little faster, but not much; there was no reason 
to move apart.  He chuckled gently, and I felt it reverberate through 
my chest.  It felt good.

	As we danced, I thought about my feelings for Aaden.  When we 
met, it was at opposing ends of a game of wrestling and ravishment.  
We snarled at each other, glared, fought.  I won.

	He exacted his revenge by arranging with P'nyssa and three other 
males to tie me down and take me.  We've met occasionally since then, 
usually in scenes that involved one of us being 'on top' of each 
other.

	His hands ran along my back, his knuckles sliding gently over my 
spine through the shirt.  I replied equally, stroking under his deep, 
long fur, enjoying the feeling.  I love long fur; sometimes I wish I 
had it.  And his is so soft, so caressable.

	The song ended, and a faster one took its place.  We moved 
apart, and he was smiling at me, a strange sort of smile.  "Want to 
get off the floor?" he shouted over the music.

	"Yes!" I replied.  We walked off the floor quickly, taking cover 
from the writhing bodies.  Once we were off the floor, I set about 
looking for P'nyssa.  Although the club we were in was small, I 
couldn't find her.  I walked over to an interface and said, "Josh!"

	The AI took its sweet time getting back to me.  I waited at 
least half a minute before he said, "Ken, whaddya need?"

	"Where's P'nyssa?"

	"She left a few minutes ago!" he replied.  "With Wilshas.  
Didn't you see?"

	"No!" I shouted back.  This music is too loud.  "Thanks!"  I 
wandered back to where Aaden sat, waiting.  I took the seat opposite 
him, pushing a few buttons and ordering a drink from the food server.

	"What's up?" he asked.

	I shrugged.  "P'nyssa took off," I replied.  For some reason the 
music seemed quieter here, even though we were closer to the actual 
dance floor.  A waitress came by with my drink.  "I've been abandoned 
by my date."

	"Well," he replied, "I can stay if you'd like company."

	"Actually, I'd like to get out of here.  If I stay any longer, 
my ears'll start to bleed."

	He laughed and said, "I know the feeling.  Come on!"  He rose, 
pushing the chair back, cursing as his tail got caught in the split 
of the backing.  I smiled.  He cut a quick swath through the crowd; 
although he's just my height, Aaden's huge, especially for a Mephit.  
He spends at least two hours every day in the gym, and he's earned 
every milligram of muscle he has.  My problem is if I spent that much 
time in a weight machine I'd go out of my mind.  For me, exercise is 
sex and karate.  Weight lifting seems like work to me.

	The crowd parted as we exited out the front door.  Aaden made no 
apologies- people just moved out of his way.  He acted as if that 
were how they should respond, too.

	Outside, the sounds dimmed into the background, but my ears were 
ringing.  Every sound came through with a dulled quality.  "So," I 
said.   "Where to, now?"

	He shrugged.  "'Sup to you.  We could go home."

	"Your home, or mine?"  Gods, did I just say "Your place or 
mine?"

	He missed the reference and said, "Well, that depends.  You've a 
live in who may or may not be interrupted by our stumbling in.  You 
should call ahead."

	I nodded.  I found another intercom a few steps down the hall 
from the door to the nightclub and toggled it.  "Josh, can you get me 
Dave?"

	"Sure thing," he said.

	"Ken?"

	"Dave?  Is P'nyssa home?"

	"No she isn't.  She told me not to expect her home tonight."  My 
eyebrows shot up at that.  "Is there a problem?"

	"No, no.  No problem.  Just wondering.  She left me at the Arc 
nightclub without telling me."

	"That is unusual.  Should I contact her?"

	"No, that's okay.  I might be home shortly."

	"Okay.  I'll keep an eye out."

	"Thanks.  G'night."

	"Goodnight, Ken."  There was an audible >click< as Dave detached 
from the speaker.

	I turned to Aaden and said, "Well, looks like I'm free for the 
evening.  We could hit another bar, maybe even Rick's, or someplace 
in Rhysh or Downtown.  Hell, we could go to the old Underground now 
that it's been rebuilt."

	He looked up at the ceiling amusedly and said, "Why don't we go 
to Lithe park?  It's in daylight now."

	I shrugged and said "Sure."  It was a strange suggestion; a 
child-oriented theme park didn't seem his speed.  We walked down to 
the nearest SDisk and he led the way, giving instructions to Josh as 
we walked.  The SDisk transition was easy, but I blinked, groaning, 
as we stepped out into a daylit sector.  

	"Easy," he said.

	"I'm okay," I said, shielding my eyes.  People were apparently 
waiting to use the SDisk so we stepped off, making room.  "Where are 
we?"

	"Back in the quote nature trail unquote section.  It's one of my 
more favored sections- not as busy as the rides or the shows, and a 
lot quieter."

	"Okay."  There were childish screams and giggles coming from 
somewhere around me.  I turned around to find a large swimming hole 
almost literally crawling with little kids splashing, screaming, and 
making a mess.  "This is quieter?" I asked.

	"This way," he said, leading me down a pathway.  Once through a 
cut in the trees the sounds faded quickly into the background.  "One 
thing I've never understood is the need we seem to have for the 
artificial."

	"Huh?"

	"All those kids back there.  Do you realize that that pool is 
kept sterile by circulating its entire mass of water every hour 
almost a klick underground to a superconductor storage ring next to a 
fusion plant just so the gauss can shred anything going through it?  
Why, when any natural swimming hole will do, and is chemically 
probably a lot cleaner?  As far as I know, there's nothing artificial 
about the lagoon where you live."

	"No there isn't."

	"Then why is Lithe so popular, even as just a swimming hole?  
Doesn't make sense."

	"Look whose talking.  You enjoy the artificial yourself."

	"How so?" he said.

	"Your favorite form of sexual expression is the only one that 
requires hardware."

	"Not really," he said.  "I don't need rope and chains.  Just a 
mel with the right voice, the right attitude, and boom! I'm on my 
knees."

	I shrugged.  "Still..."

	"Still, nothing.  Unless I've really missed my guess, you own a 
vibrator, don't you?"

	"Two," I admitted, smiling.

	"See?  That's artificial, but you don't need it, do you?"  I 
shook my head.  "Making love or dominating is all attitude... the 
toys make it  easier, make it louder, make it harder and faster, but 
they don't make it."

	I smiled.  "Do you know, I know nothing about you?"

	"What's to know?" he said.

	I switched to Anglic; it would serve the pun in mind.  "This is 
starting to get monogamous."

	He didn't get it.  Damn, he doesn't speak Anglic.  I explained 
the joke and he smiled, nodded.  "It is," he agreed.  "But not 
monotonous."

	"No?"

	"Is P'nyssa monotonous?"

	"Hardly," I said.

	"Then why should I be?"

	"Like I said, I know nothing about you."

	"Let's start with the basics.  Everybody knows what you do.  I 
drive atmospheric shuttles when I want to, paint when I want to, and 
tend the Rhysh gardens when they need it."

	We stepped out onto a wide road on the other side of which the 
path continued.  The smell of horses was in the air.

	"You're the gardener?"

	"Just one.  There are others.  Borodir tried to get me enrolled 
into cooking school, but I told him to forget it.  And as for the 
physical department, I'm not a trainer.  I could only serve- as a 
good example, of course."

	"Of course," I said.  I reached out a hand, and he took it.  His 
paw felt warm clasped in mine, my fingertips curling around it and 
touching the short fur on the back.  He reached out with his other 
hand and hugged me, like we had been at the dance, only out here 
there was no pretense, no "reason" to be this close, other than 
because we wanted to be.  "Aaden," I said into the fur ruffled at his 
neck, "I think I'm falling in love."

	He chuckled again.  "You do that all the time."

	I laughed briefly.  "Yeah, guess I do.  The funny thing this 
time is who it is."

	"Why is that funny?"

	"Because I'm really straight, I think," I replied in a wistful 
sort of matter-of-fact voice.

	"Now that's ridiculous."

	"Is it?" I asked.  "Aaden, I can bottom out to a man for the 
same reason you do, except you do it exclusively.  They terrify me 
more than women do.  But I've never really thought of loving a mel."

	"What about, oh, what's his name, the Felinzi- You know, your 
stardiving friend."

	"Who, N'nance?  That was a one-time thing.  Mostly because he 
was lonely, bedridden, and I was in a mischievous mood."

	"But you do love him, don't you?  You did it because you wanted 
to make him feel good.  I read that entry, and I saw a lot of you in 
it, Ken.  Not just the mischievousness, either."

	We walked along silently.  Did I love Nance?  He was a friend, 
surely, had been for centuries.  I had panicked when he had been 
nearly killed.  "You're right," I said.

	"It's not my being right that matters, Ken.  It's that you see 
it.  You said yourself that it's silly to exclude half the sentient 
population from the fun part of sex.  But what about love?"

	"Aaden," I said.  He turned to me.  I looked him straight in the 
eyes and said, "Fair enough.  I. Love. You."

	He laughed, and I laughed along.  He pulled me close and said, 
"That's my Ken."  There was nothing sweeter at that moment than being 
in his big, furry arms.

	"Let's go home," I said.

	"Let's take the long way," he replied.  I nodded.  We walked 
along the trail, eventually coming back to the beginning again, full 
of screaming children.  A few even recognized me.  They didn't even 
begin to question the big Mephit I had my arm around.

	We got onto the SDisk and headed back to the Castle.  I almost 
never call it "Shardik Castle," that's just too damned pretentious.  
But when I call it "The Castle" people ask, "Which one?"

	We took the easy way into the residential floor, walking along 
the corridors quietly, waving to Ember who was doing her usual 
impression as nightowl.  The door slid open easily and we walked into 
my residence.  It looked as homey as ever, although P'nyssa had left 
the sliding glass door to the patio open again.  Still, it was a 
warm, clear night with almost no chance of rain, so I figured it 
wasn't a problem.  "Can I get you anything?" I asked.

	"What have you got for wines?"

	"Wines?  You want wines?  Let's see, we've got more wines than I 
know what do with, including a deSchane."

	"You've got deSchane?"  His eyes lit up like a little boy's 
being given his first yoyo.

	"deSchane dry, '49.  Like a glass?"

	"If it doesn't sound to eager, please!"

	I found two wine glasses and poured them full, re-corking the 
bottle and putting it back into the cooler when I was done.  I handed 
him a glass over the bar.  He sniffed it, gave a puzzled look, then 
drank a small taste.  "Doesn't taste like his usual."

	"Shouldn't.  That's his ceremonial batch, not his commercial."  
I thought Aaden's eyes were going to bug out.

	"Ceremonial batch?  You've got a bottle of the batch he does 
magic with?"

	"Well, the remainder of a year's batch.  He prepares a new one 
every year, you know."

	"I know, I know, but still... How?"

	"I'm not permitted..."

	"Oh.  Sorry."

	I shrugged.  "It's okay."  I walked around the bar and kissed 
him on the muzzle.  "I figured you would ask.  It's allright."

	"No wonder I felt so weird."

	"Makes you lightheaded?"

	"Just a little," he said, smiling.

	"Yeah, even the commercial stuff has that effect, but when you 
get a whiff of his consecrated wine, you know what power is."  A 
thought hit me, one which I disliked intensely.

	Aaden noticed.  "What's wrong?"

	"I just used something... artificial... to take control of a 
situation.  I knew showing you this would... "

	"Put me in your power?" he said.

	"Something like that," I said.  I sighed.  "I'm impossible."

	He shook his head, put down the glass and said, "Come here."

	I stepped forward and he put his arms around me.  I melted 
against him; almost immediately the thoughts went away and I was his 
again.  I closed my eyes and sighed.

	"See?" he said.  "A good hug cures everything."  I smiled, tears 
welling slightly in my eyes.  I felt so good just being there I 
barely noticed the hardened shaft pressing against me.  Almost 
without thought I reached down and ran my open hand along the length 
showing through the black silk pants he wore.  He inhaled, hissing 
slightly.  "You are impossible."

	"Only in some things, sex being one of them."

	He chuckled.  "Keep that up, and you'll get more sex than you 
can handle."

	"Think so?" I asked.  "I've already proven I can handle this 
oversized monster."  We were joking like old lovers.  We were old 
lovers; it was only today I realized we were friends, too.

	He laughed as my hands found the lace on his right hip and 
pulled the bow free, pulling his pants open and dropping them to the 
floor.  His cock waved, only semi-erect.  Aaden's penis isn't that 
overly long, only about 185 mm, but what it is is thick.  It's hard 
to find something to compare it to, except maybe a soda bottle.  He 
laughed as I ran my hand over it, closing into a fist around it and 
stroking him.

	"You like that, don't you?" I asked.

	"Of course I do," he sighed.  His paw found my erect cock 
through my jeans.  "As much as you do."

	As he undid the buttons on my fly I nodded.  He had to put some 
effort into pulling my pants off, so I helped him.  Once I stepped 
out of my jeans, we stood there, looking at each other.  I still had 
my shirt on; Aaden, like many furries, wasn't wearing a shirt, just 
the small leather vest that is his statement.  I put my hands on each 
side of the vest and said, "May I?"

	He nodded, and I slowly slid it off and down his back, carefully 
folding it and placing it on top of the bar.  He wasn't so kind with 
my shirt, pulling it off brusquely.  But he was careful with the 
cloissone on the collar, removing it from the shirt, replacing the 
clasp and putting it atop his vest.

	"Now that the rituals are over," I said with a smile, "Where 
were we?"

	He chuckled again.  "We were about to go into the bedroom."

	"Were we?" I asked.  "What's wrong with here?  The rug's 
shaggy."

	"That's the problem.  We've never made love in bed, Ken.  On 
floors, in chains, on slings, tied to posts, but never in bed."

	I paused, then laughed a short laugh.  "You're right.  And when 
you're right, you're right.  Follow me!" I said, skipping across the 
floor to the portal and jumping down.  By the time he had gotten down 
to  the bed I had thrown the covers aside.  "Welcome," I said.

	He sat down on the bed and said, "Thank you."

	I leaned over and kissed him on the muzzle gently.  He parted 
his mouth slightly and his tongue pressed against my lips.  I opened 
my mouth, letting his long tongue enter me and explore.  My hands 
explored him.  For the first time in all the years I've known him, I 
had a chance to touch him, to play with him the way I wanted to.  I 
pressed my hands against his fur, feeling it slide between my 
fingers, feeling both warm and cool.  Underneath it I could feel his 
pectorals, hard and unyielding, warm and wondrous.

	He sighed gently as we kissed.  "Do you know," he said, "I've 
wanted you to do that for years."

	"Do what?"

	"Just stroke me.  All our meetings were hard, fast, brief.  I 
never got a chance to do this-" he put his paw on my chest- "and just 
feel your skin.  Always fighting, following orders, fucking."

	I shook my head.  "Why didn't you ask?"

	He shrugged.  "Didn't know how."  He paused for a second, then 
said, "I have a confession."

	"What?"

	"I spent yesterday afternoon with your coimelin.  I asked her 
permission for this."

	I wonder what the expression on my face was.  Not really knowing 
what to do, I slowly caressed his fur with my left hand.  He 
continued, "Not really permission.  I wanted to know how to get your 
attention."

	I shook my head.  "All you had to do was ask, Aaden.  You don't 
know how long I've wanted you like this."

	He nodded.  "I know that now."  He leaned over to kiss me again.  

	My right hand trailed down his chest, circling the root of his 
cock to cup his warm balls in my hand, rotating them gently in my 
fingers.  My left hand still against his chest, I pushed him down 
onto the bed, leaning over him.  "Shh..." I said, leaning over.  I 
nuzzled his neck gently, diving into the deep white fur of his chest, 
making my way down.  I licked his nipples playfully, but not with any 
seriousness.  My right hand idled up from his balls to play with his 
erection, teasing it to life, then letting it ease back down.  I 
wanted him to wait, but more importantly I didn't want him to be 
completely hard when I first tried to get him into my mouth.

	As his erection flagged, I made my way down quickly.  His body 
tensed, and I noted with precision his ticklish spots.  I barely 
noticed when a single finger of his paw touched me on my back, but it 
came through very clearly as he eased down between the cheeks of my 
ass, over my anus.  That made me swoon.

	I nuzzled up against his cock, erect and out of its sheath, 
lying peacefully amidst his bellyfur.  I licked at it playfully, 
taking the head of it against my lips, into my mouth.  I felt the 
soft sponginess of the head on my lips and tongue, and slowly I eased 
him into my mouth.  I had taken him before, I could do it again.  I 
felt the head against the back of my throat.  All my attention was 
there; I literally did not know what, if anything, he was doing with 
my cock.  His was all-important.  I paused, inhaled deeply through my 
nose, felt the air rush past that place where his penis lay, and 
eased forward, grabbing for more length with my lips, opening my jaw 
further.

	My gag reflex didn't even complain.  It slid down easily, 
filling me in ways even being fisted didn't compare to.  Sight, 
smell, taste, touch, and sound contributed to the overwhelming 
feeling of completion.  I loved him, and he me.  He trusted my teeth 
and I guess I was trusting his claws, although I couldn't have told 
the difference.  I began to slide back up off his full cock, then 
back down again.  With each easy thrust down my throat I felt my air 
blocked off, then restored as the head returned to my mouth, reach of 
my tongue.

	I was worshipping him.  Utterly and totally.  I wanted to feel 
him climax, wanted to slowly and surely push him over the edge, with 
nobody watching us and making demands.  It was him and me.

	Slick with my saliva, the flesh of his cock was satiny sweet.  
Even though his size pressed my tongue to the floor of my mouth I 
managed to excite him.  He growled.  His hand came up under my hair, 
grabbing me in just that way that turns me on.  "I'm going to come 
soon," he growled, his hips starting to buck.  I wanted to smile, but 
didn't have the room.  I concentrated on his cock, stroking faster, 
demanding more.  Come on, Aaden, I thought.  That's it.

	He groaned, his hand pushing down, his hips pushing up, 
thrusting all of his length into me.  I accepted it, taking it down 
my throat as he shuddered, his body quivering under me.

	As his cock slowly shrank in my mouth I eased off of it, closing 
my lips and slurping up as much of the moisture as I could, not 
wanting to completely mess up his fur.  His cock dropped to his 
belly, and I ran my finger along it gently, watching it twitch.  He 
groaned.

	I turned around to look at his face.  He blinked and said, 
"Thank you."

	"For what?" I asked.  "Night's not over yet."

	"No, it isn't."  He chuckled as I lay down next to him, cuddling 
him close.  His left hand, which lay underneath me, found my cock 
between us.  His fingers stroked it gently with what little room he 
had.  He pushed gently against my side, and I turned over onto my 
back.  "I'll show you how it's done."

	I smiled.  "You didn't just show me how it was done a few 
minutes ago."

	"Are you telling me you're upset with my performance?" he asked, 
incredulous.

	"Let's just say I like the taste, and my tastebuds don't go this 
far down," running my finger down the length of my throat.

	He laughed and kissed me again.  "I'll remember that next time.  
But we all have to make sacrifices, Ken."  He turned down and took my 
cock into his mouth without much preface, sucking it down as expertly 
as I thought I had his.  He was so good, his tongue pressing strong 
against the sides of my cock, his hand playing with my balls and 
fingering my asshole as he did so.  He had me at my hardest quickly.

	I was more than a little surprised when he stopped.  "Ken?" he 
said.

	"Yeah?" I said, husky, horny, and breathless.

	"I want you to fuck me."

	"Now?" I asked.  I had been enjoying his oral ministrations.

	"Yeah, now."

	"How?"

	"Just like we did it on the floor."

	I laughed, thinking what that meant.  "I haven't got any olive 
oil, but I can find the... Ah, here it is," I said, rooting about in 
the toybox I keep under the bed.  We traded positions; he got on all 
fours and I got behind him.  His tall tail bent vertically at the 
base, so it wasn't in the way at all.  I brushed his fur out of the 
way between his buttocks, applied a little lubricant to him, and a 
lot more to myself.  With a few suggestive presses he spread his legs 
a little further apart,  and I aimed my cock at his asshole.

	"Easy," he said.

	That was a surprising request, but I complied.  I pressed the 
head against his asshole with very little pressure, and I knew what 
he was waiting for- the right moment, when the tension gives.  It 
came, and I slid into him, into his hot meltunnel.  He seemed to 
close around my cock, to grab me and suck me in.  I pressed into him, 
my thighs against his, hips against his furry buttocks.  He moaned, 
"yes..."

	"Good?" I asked, smiling.

	"Yeah..." he said.  "Do it."

	I began stroking him slowly.  In a mischievous bent I grabbed 
his tail and pulled it towards me, holding it against my chest with 
one hand, the other hand on the small of his back, in his fur, 
holding on.  Looking down I could see my cock sliding in and out of 
him, his strong masculine buttocks shuddering with every stroke.

	I began to lose control, and the more I lost it the louder he 
got, moaning as I fucked him, loved him, wanted more of him.  I let 
go of his tail and fell forward as he did, burying his head in the 
pillow, my hands onto the bed by his sides.  Both of us on all fours, 
me inside him, making love to him, stroking, harder, faster.

	I came inside him, shaking and shuddering, groaning aloud and 
collapsing against him, thrusting once or twice more.  I rolled off 
to the left, he to the right, so we ended up on our sides, facing 
each other.  His eyes were closed and he was quivering slightly.  
"Aaden?" I asked, worried.

	"Yeah?" he asked, his eyes snapping open.

	"You okay?" I asked.

	"Oh, I'm okay."  I laughed, then wiggled closer to him.  His 
cock, despite his previous orgasm, was rock-hard again.

	I reached for it and began to caress it gently.  "We could do 
something with this," I said suggestively.

	"Like what?" he asked.

	"You could put it inside me."

	"Are you sure?" he asked.

	I laughed.  "You're acting like I've never done that before."

	"No, but you just came.  Are you sure you want to?"

	"You did.  Come on, Aaden."  In a deeper, slower voice I 
whispered, "Fuck me."

	He searched my eyes, then nodded.  I rolled over onto my back 
and said, "Like this."

	He rose to kneel between my legs, squirting some of the 
lubricant onto his cock, then pushed my legs up until they against my 
chest.  It's moments like this I'm happy I'm so flexible.  He shoved 
a pillow under my back to raise me a little further, then pressed his 
cock against my butt.  "A little higher," I suggested and he grabbed 
his tool and slid it up.  "There," I said, and he pressed.

	My asshole revolted, not yet convinced.  I held up my hand, and 
he paused.  I consciously forced myself to relax, and as the tight 
ring of muscle gave way for just an instant he took advantage of it, 
pressing ever-so-slightly.  My ass gave up and he sank into me.  I 
could feel the head of his cock expanding my insides, pressing up 
into me, making its way deeper into my body.

	I relaxed my legs a little, pressing them against his chest.  He 
positioned his hands at my sides and raised himself off his knees, 
starting to slide back and forth.  Starting to make love to me.

	I looked up into his face, but he wasn't paying attention; he 
was watching where his hips and my butt met with each stroke.  He was 
slow and easy and I felt lightheaded as he did so.  I reached down 
and began to stroke my own cock as he fucked me.  I wanted him more, 
but that slight cramping as our bodies met told me I didn't have any 
more depth, thankful that I had enough to take all of him.

	"Harder," I said, and he looked up, nodding, speeding up.

	"It's going to be a while," he said as he stroked.

	I reached up from the bed to curl my fingers in the fur of his 
chest, reaching up to touch his neck, his muzzle.  "Good thing you're 
so healthy," I replied.  He slammed once into me hard and I said, 
"Yes!"

	He smiled.  "Patience, dear love," he said.  He was teasing me, 
taking his time, knowing.  I smiled and nodded.

	His cock felt wonderful inside me, stroking my insides.  He 
began to speed up, and my own cock hardened.  I began to stroke it.  
"Harder," I begged him.  "That's it," I sighed as he began to fuck 
me.  Not just make love, but really fuck me, wonderfully.  "Yeah," I 
said.  "More," I pleaded as he went further.  The bed creaked under 
us, shaking, the headboard knocking against the wall.  "That's it!"

	Why am I so verbal today?  The thought flashed across my mind as 
he pounded into me, my body being pushed and pulled by his cock, his 
hips slamming against me, his fur against my skin, deeper and harder 
and better.  "Come on Aaden!" I screamed as he began to pant, feeling 
my own orgasm churning inside me.  Little groans escaped him with 
every thrust.  He slammed against me one more time, hard, and 
screamed, a pealing, bestial scream, his body melded to mine in 
force, and that scream was all I needed, screaming along with him, 
howling.

	When it was over, I looked up at him, and he down at me.  I 
could feel the big smile on my face, and could see it on his.  
"Well?" I said.

	He laughed and said, "I think I've had enough."

	"Awww..." I pouted.

	"I think you have too," he said, smiling still.

	"Yeah, I think so.  C'mere."  I pulled him down, feeling his 
cock slip out of me as I lowered my legs.  He shuddered a little as 
it did.  "How wuzzat?" I said.

	"Wonderful," he said, still panting with exertion.  "Tiring, 
too."

	"I bet."  As he lay against me his legs trembled slightly.  
"Rest for a few minutes and we'll go clean up."  I closed my eyes and 
sighed.  "Dave," I said to the Castle AI, "don't let us fall asleep."  
Dave didn't answer; he would do as asked without interrupting the 
illusion of privacy.

	I stayed conscious anyway and after a few minutes I nudged 
Aaden. "Hmm?" he said.

	"Let's go clean off."

	"Okay," he said.

	After a quick shower, we eased back into bed together.  The 
night hadn't cooled off at all; it was still a hot autumn night.  I 
threw the blankets off and cuddled close to Aaden, happy in his arms, 
happy burying my face in the furry crux of his throat.  Happy being 
his.

--
"Aaden's Dance"
The Journal Entries of Kennet R'yal Shardik, et. al. 
are copyright (c) 1989-1994 Elf Mathieu Sternberg.  Distribute freely 
via electronic media.  This copyright permits individual users to 
make single hardcopies for their own use.  The Journal Entries may 
not be sold or otherwise distributed for profit.
