     [Print out and pass this file to every married person you know!  
     It has changed my marriage, and I hope it helps other people as
     much as it helped me.  -Servant]

     ____________________________________________________________

                 Cultivating Affection in Your Marriage


                      a textfile from a booklet by

                      Willard F. Harley Jr., Ph. D.

                       (c)1987 Focus on the Family

                            Typed by Servant
     ____________________________________________________________


     When Jane fell in love with Richard, she knew she had found her
     prince.  At six feet three inches, Richard's 195 pounds were as
     lean and  muscular at age 23 as they had been when Jane admired
     him on the basketball court in high school.  Ruggedly handsome,
     Richard was  the strong,  silent type, which only made him more
     intriguing to Jane.  Dates with Richard felt exciting, and when
     he held  her in  his arms  the passion level went right off the
     scale.

     "We've got the right chemistry," Jane assured herself.

     However, after just a few months of marriage, the passion began
     to pall.   Jane started noticing something a bit odd:  Whenever
     she cuddled up for a  hug  or  a  little  kiss,  Richard became
     sexually   aroused   almost   immediately.      Almost  without
     exception, physical contact led straight to the bedroom.

     Jane also  learned  that  Richard's  "strong,  silent" courting
     style  had  covered  his  tendencies  for extreme moodiness and
     keeping almost everything to  himself.    Before  they married,
     Richard  had  told  Jane  that  his mother had died when he was
     just 10, and his father and two older brothers raised him.  She
     hadn't thought  too much  of it.   "That's probably why he's so
     rugged and manly," she told herself.

     Jane didn't realize that Richard had grown up  in a  home where
     displays of affection were not frequent before his mother died,
     and afterward they became  almost  nonexistent.    He literally
     didn't know  how to  give affection, because he had received so
     little  himself.    For  Richard,  AFFECTION  in  marriage  was
     synonymous   with   SEX,   something  that  left  Jane  feeling
     disillusioned and used.  As their marriage approached its first
     anniversary,  Richard's  account  in  Jane's "Love Bank" barely
     held its own.   (before the  story continues,  let's define the
     term "Love  Bank."   To help my clients understand how powerful
     and all-consuming a person's needs can become, I  have invented
     a rather  artificial little  device that  I call the Love Bank.
     Figuratively speaking, I believe  each of  us has  a Love Bank.
     It  contains  many  different  accounts, one for each person we
     know.  People make  their deposits  or withdrawals  whenever we
     interact with  them.   Pleasurable interactions cause deposits,
     and painful interactions cause withdrawals.   As life  goes on,
     the  accounts  in  our  Love  Banks  fluctuate.    Some  of our
     acquaintances build sizable deposits.    Others  remain  in the
     black, but  have small balances.  Still others go into the red.
     In short, their accounts in our Love Banks are overdrawn.   Now
     lets get  back to our story.)  At work, Jane was transferred to
     a new department, and  there she  met Bob,  a warm  and affable
     fellow who  loved everyone.   Bob  had the habit of draping his
     arm over the shoulder  of  whomever  he  walked  with--male and
     female alike.  No one took offense.  He was just a friendly man
     who liked everybody.

     Jane  noticed  that  she  started  to  look  forward  to  Bob's
     occasional hugs.   They  always made  her feel good -- warm and
     comfortable and cared for.  One day they met in the hall.

     "Hi, Jane,  how ya  doin'?" Bob  greeted her  as he  gave her a
     little hug.

     "You know,  Bob," she said.  "I've meant to tell you for a long
     time how much I appreciate your hugs.  It's nice to meet  a man
     who likes to do that."

     "Well, then,  come here!"  he laughed  and gave her another hug
     and a little kiss on the cheek.

     Jane tried to act calm, but that little peck started  her heart
     pounding.   It continued pounding in the following weeks as she
     started receiving little notes  from  Bob.    They  were always
     tasteful and sweet.  One said, "Good morning!  Hope your day is
     full of blessings.  You're a  fine person  and you  deserve the
     best.  Your friend, Bob."

     Jane began  to reciprocate  with notes of her own.  Before long
     she began to look forward to the arrival  of Bob's  latest note
     as the  high point  of her day.  Sometimes he would bring her a
     little bouquet of flowers.  That  made  her  feel  like  a true
     princess.

     They  lunched  together  several  times,  and  Bob's account in
     Jane's Love Bank climbed steadily.  Jane found  herself craving
     every expression  of the gentle affection she received from Bob
     -- the hugs, the smiles, the notes.  Finally, she wrote  a note
     to him:  "I can't  help it.   I  think I'm falling in love with
     you."

     Bob didn't respond in  kind,  but  he  continued  to  show Jane
     kindness and  affection.   The weeks  went by, and one day they
     found themselves alone together in  a  secluded  spot  they had
     chosen for  a hurried  lunch-hour picnic.  As they packed up to
     leave, Jane's hand touched  Bob's, and  she gave  it a squeeze.
     Bob  responded  with  an  especially affectionate hug, and what
     followed came so naturally  Jane couldn't  believe it.   Making
     love  with  Bob  was  the  most exciting experience of her life
     because she knew he cared so much for her.

     In the following weeks, they slipped  off together  as often as
     possible for  passionate lovemaking.  Jane believed that having
     sex with Bob was wonderful, because  she could  release all her
     emotions  and   become  thoroughly  involved.    Bob's  genuine
     affection made her feel loved and cared for as a person.

     What had  happened?   Did Jane's  wedding vows  mean nothing to
     her?    Was  she  just  waiting  for her chance to two-time her
     husband?  Hardly.   Jane simply  felt so  starved for affection
     that she  was willing  to have an affair!  Of course, this does
     not justify the sin she and Bob committed.

     AFFECTION IS THE CEMENT OF A RELATIONSHIP

     To  most  women,  affection  symbolizes  security,  protection,
     comfort  and  approval,  vitally important commodities in their
     eyes.  When a husband shows  his wife  affection, he  sends the
     following messages:

          1.   I'll  take  care  of  you  and  protect you.  You are
               important to me, and I don't want anything  to happen
               to you.
          2.   I'm concerned  about the  problems you face, and I am
               with you.
          3.   I think you've done a good job, and  I'm so  proud of
               you.

     A hug can say any and all of the above.  Men need to understand
     how strongly women desire these affirmations.  FOR  THE TYPICAL
     WIFE, THERE CAN HARDLY BE ENOUGH OF THEM.

     I believe  hugging is  a skill most men need to develop to show
     their wives affection.  It is also a  simple but  effective way
     to build their accounts in a wife's Love Bank.

     Most  women  love  to  hug.    They  hug  each  other, they hug
     children, animals, relatives -- even stuffed animals.   I'm not
     saying they will throw themselves into the arms of just anyone:
     They can  get quite  inhibited about  hugging if  they think it
     could be  misinterpreted in  a sexual way.  But the rest of the
     time, across most countries and cultures, women hug and like to
     be hugged.

     Obviously, a  man can  display affection in other ways that can
     be equally important to  a woman.   A  greeting card  or a note
     expressing love and care can simply but effectively communicate
     the same emotions.   Don't forget  that all-time  favorite -- a
     bouquet of flowers.  Women, almost universally, love to receive
     flowers.  Occasionally, I meet a man who likes to receive them,
     but most  do not.   For  a majority  of women, however, flowers
     send a powerful message of love and concern.

     An invitation to dinner also signals affection.  It is a way of
     saying to one's wife, "You don't need to do what you ordinarily
     do for me.  I'll treat you instead.  You are special to me, and
     I want to show you how much I love and care for you."

     Jokes abound  on how,  almost immediately  after the wedding, a
     wife has to find her  own  way  in  and  out  of  cars, houses,
     restaurants, and so on.  But a smart husband will open the door
     for her at every  opportunity --  another way  to tell  her, "I
     love you and care about you."

     From a woman's point of view, affection is the essential cement
     of her relationship with a man.  Without  it, a  woman probably
     feels alienated  from her  mate.   With it  she becomes tightly
     bonded to him while he adds units to his Love Bank account.

     BUT SHE KNOWS I'M NOT THE AFFECTIONATE TYPE

     Men must get through  their heads  this vital  idea: WOMEN FIND
     AFFECTION IMPORTANT  IN ITS  OWN RIGHT.   They love the feeling
     that accompanies both the bestowal and  reception of affection,
     but IT  HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH SEX.  Most of the affection they
     give and receive is not  intended  to  be  sexual.    You might
     better  compare  it  to  the  emotions they exchange with their
     children or pets.

     All of  this  confuses  the  typical  male.    He  sees showing
     affection  as  part  of  sexual  foreplay,  and  he is normally
     aroused in a flash.  In  other cases,  men simply  want to skip
     the affection business; they are aroused already.

     Lets look  in on  a hypothetical  couple we'll  call Brenda and
     Bruce.  They have been  having  tension  lately  because Brenda
     hasn't responded  to Bruce's  requests for  sex.   As our scene
     opens, she senses Bruce has that look in his eye again, and she
     tries to  head him  off at  the pass:  "Bruce, let's just relax
     for a few minutes.  Then maybe you can hold my hand, and we can
     hug.   I'm not  ready for  sex just like that.  I need a little
     affection first."

     Bruce bristles  with  a  type  of  macho  impatience  and says,
     "You've known me for years.  I'm not the affectionate type, and
     I'm not going to start now!"

     Does this sound incredible or far fetched?  I hear  versions of
     it regularly  in my  office.  That Bruce fails to see the irony
     in wanting sex but  refusing to  give his  wife affection would
     seem  amusing  if  it  weren't  so pathetic.  A man who growls,
     "I'm not the affectionate type," while reaching for  his wife's
     body to  satisfy his  desires for  sex, is  like a salesman who
     tries to close a sale by saying, "I'm  not the  friendly type--
     Sign here you turkey.  I've got another appointment waiting."

     Although  they  shouldn't  have  a hard time understanding this
     simple logic, men lose track of Harley's First Law of Marriage:

             /----------------------------------------\
             |   When it comes to sex and affection,  |
             |  you can't have one without the other! |
             \----------------------------------------/

     ANY MAN CAN LEARN TO BE AFFECTIONATE

     I  believe  almost  any  husband  can  be  taught  to  be  more
     affectionate.  His best teacher is his wife, if she can:

          1.   Put aside  her pride.   It will do little good to sit
               and pout, "If he  really loved  me, He'd  know I need
               lots of affection."
          2.   Be patient.   Remember that the typical male does not
               gave  a  strong  need  for  affection.     Sex,  yes;
               affection,  no.    He  needs  to  become aware of his
               wife's vital need for affection.

     Affection is so important for women  that they  become confused
     when their husbands don't respond in kind.  For example, a wife
     may call her husband at work, just to talk.  She would  love to
     receive such  a call  and is sure he feels the same.  She often
     feels disappointed when he cuts it short because, "I've got all
     this stuff  to finish  by five  o'clock."   It doesn't mean the
     husband doesn't  love her;  he simply  has different priorities
     because of a different set of basic needs.

     When I go on a trip, I often find little notes Joyce has packed
     among my clothes.  she is telling me  she loves  me, of course,
     but the  notes send  another message as well.  Joyce would like
     to get the same little notes  from  me,  and  I  have  tried to
     leave such notes behind -- on her pillow, for example -- when I
     go out of town.

     My needs for protection, approval and care are not the  same as
     hers, nor  are they  met in similar ways.  I've had to discover
     these differences and act  accordingly.   For example,  when we
     stroll through  a shopping  center, it is important to her that
     we hold hands, something that would  not occur  to me naturally
     or automatically.   She has encouraged me to take her hand, and
     I'm glad to do so, because I know she enjoys  that and  it says
     something she wants to hear.

     When  I  try  to  explain  this  kind  of  hand holding to some
     husbands in my counseling office, they may question  my manhood
     a bit.   Isn't my wife "leading me by the nose" so to speak?  I
     reply that in my opinion  nothing  could  be  further  from the
     truth.   If holding Joyce's hand in a shopping center makes her
     feel loved and cherished, I would be a fool to refuse to  do it
     because I  thought not  doing it would make me look "macho."  I
     appreciate her coaching on how to  show affection.   I promised
     to care  for her  when I married her, and I meant every word of
     it.  If she explains how I  can  best  give  her  the  care she
     wants, I'm happy to learn, because I want her happiness.

     Almost  all  men  need  some  instruction in how to become more
     affectionate.  The men who are good at it learned how to  do it
     from good coaches -- perhaps a former girlfriend.  So, unless a
     wife wants to pay a counselor to do  it later  in her marriage,
     early on  she will understand she is the proper teacher for her
     husband when it comes to teaching  him how  to be affectionate,
     and she will take appropriate action.

     Women find  it hard to do this, because they want such behavior
     from their husbands to  at least  appear spontaneous.   But any
     new  behavior  is  not  spontaneous  until  it is well learned.
     Remember the two  prerequisites  already  mentioned:  Put aside
     your pride and be patient.

     First, help  your husband feel good about displaying affection.
     Whatever you do, never nag or hang on him or try to  force some
     affection out of him.  This kind of negative reinforcement will
     only make him more cold and distant.  Instead create situations
     that lend themselves to positive reinforcement.

     Rather than  waiting for  him to  slip up  behind you to do his
     customary caressing  that usually  ends with  your telling him,
     "Not now,  I'm trying  to make  dinner," it  might be better to
     take the direct approach.  One  simple scenario,  played out in
     the privacy of a living room could go like this:

     PEGGY:    (after    turning    down   the   television):   "I'm
               interrupting this program  to  ask  you  an important
               question.  Do you love me?"
     PETE:     (a bit puzzled and anxious to get his newscast back):
               "Of course, you know I do."
     PEGGY:    "Then give me a little hug -- just a little  one so I
               know  you  care  about  me."   (She slips into Pete's
               arms, gets  her hug,  and slips  out again.)   As she
               turns  the  TV  back  up  she says: "Thanks, I needed
               that."

     Another approach to affection lessons can be make  in the semi-
     privacy of the family car:

     ALICE:    (sliding over  on the  seat): "Remember  when we were
               dating and you  used  to  drive  everywhere  with one
               hand?"
     AL:       "Yup, it's  a wonder  I didn't  get a ticket or in an
               accident."
     ALICE:    (snuggling  close  and  putting   her  head   on  his
               shoulder): "Could  you see  if you  haven't lost your
               touch?   If we  get stopped,  I'll explain everything
               to the policeman."

     There are  other approaches,  of course.   Every  wife needs to
     develop one that will work for her.   It could  be something as
     simple as:

     * Slipping your hand into his as you walk into church.
     * Mentioning  how cool  the movie theater's air conditioning is
     as you gently tug to get his arm around you.

     Follow this cardinal rule when  coaching  your  husband  in the
     fine  art  of  affection:    Keep  it casual.  Listen and watch
     carefully.  If he  communicates  any  feelings  of discomfort--
     verbal  or  nonverbal  --  just  back  off and try again later.
     Remember to build your strategy on  positive reinforcement, and
     aim at  helping your  husband develop a habit of displaying the
     kind  of  affection   that   doesn't   always   have   to  lead
     automatically to sex.

     SEX BEGINS WITH AFFECTION

     Over  the  years,  I  have  seen  nothing more devastating to a
     marriage than an affair, because it destroys the one-flesh bond
     of  a  husband  and  wife.    Sadly  enough, most affairs start
     because of a lack of affection (for the  wife) and  lack of sex
     (for the  husband).  It is quite a vicious circle.  She doesn't
     get enough affection,  so  she  shuts  him  off  sexually.   He
     doesn't get  enough sex,  so the last thing he feels like being
     is affectionate.

     I constantly deal with couples caught on this kind of merry-go-
     round, but  it is  anything but merry.  I STRIVE TO GET THEM TO
     STOP  THE  MERRY-GO-ROUND,  GET  OFF,  AND   START  BUILDING  A
     RELATIONSHIP ON MUTUAL CARING, NOT MUTUAL NEEDING.

     Some husbands don't feel too happy at first when I explain that
     affection is  the ENVIRONMENT  of the  marriage, and  sex is an
     EVENT.   But even  the most  sex-hungry husband will agree that
     you can't have sex  ALL the  time.   You should,  however, have
     affection  all  the  time,  because  it  forms  the canopy that
     lovingly covers a marriage and provides shelter for the lover's
     couch.

     I work  diligently to  get such  a husband  to see that he must
     shower his  wife with  affection, but  without sex.   I explain
     that  sex  can  come  naturally  enough  and often, IF THERE IS
     ENOUGH AFFECTION.

     I have a simple  plan.    The husband  sets as  his goal making
     affection  his  ordinary  way  of  relating continuously to his
     wife.  He doesn't just turn on affection now and  then in order
     to get  some sex.   Whenever  he and  his wife come together, a
     big hug and a kiss should  be routine.   In  fact, almost every
     interaction   between   a   husband  and  wife  should  include
     affectionate words and gestures.   Am  I  saying  they  have to
     constantly hug,  kiss and  whisper sweet nothings?  Not at all,
     but I do believe every marriage should have  an atmosphere that
     says, "I like you, I'm fond of you, I really do love you, and I
     know you love me."

     Women need affection  regularly  and  often,  at  least several
     times a day.  A hug in the morning before getting out of bed, a
     kiss good-bye as he leaves for work, a  call during  the day, a
     card  now  and  again  in  the  mail,  a  big hug and kiss upon
     arriving home, seating her at the  dinner table,  holding hands
     in  front  of  the  television  set  --  all  these  create the
     environment of affection.

     Sex, on the other hand, is an event,  and in  and of  itself, a
     special occasion.   There  should be a time and a place for it.
     In that setting, affection comes into play as a part  of sexual
     intercourse.

     At this  point many men become confused.  If I want him to save
     sex for special occasions, what  does  a  husband  do  with his
     natural feelings  of arousal,  which can be triggered simply by
     looking  at  his  wife  in  just  about  any   setting?    When
     counseling  husbands  on  this,  I teach them how to discipline
     their thinking and reorient  their behavior  so they  no longer
     make a direct connection between affection and sex.

     Some men don't find it easy.  They want to know if they have to
     go back to the "just take a cold shower" routine  they got when
     they were  courting their  wives.   I reply  that they need not
     take the  cold showers,  but it  wouldn't hurt  to remember how
     they acted  toward their  wives when  they dated.   They showed
     plenty of affection and  attention  then.    The  usual routine
     included  dinner  and  perhaps  a  show  or  some other form of
     entertainment.   Throughout the  evening the  young man treated
     the young  lady with  respect and  tenderness.  On the way home
     they often stopped to  park  and  admire  a  lovely  view.   He
     slipped his arm around her and both of them seemed to enjoy the
     physical contact that followed.

     A lot of husbands  do  remember  the  passionate  encounters of
     their  courting  day  and  want  to  know, "Why doesn't she get
     turned on the way she used to, now that we're married?"

     I patiently  explain  that  she  isn't  getting  turned  on NOW
     because he  isn't treating  her as  he did THEN.  Does he think
     getting  married  suddenly  eliminates  the  woman's  need  for
     affection?   A man  should work  as carefully  and patiently at
     showing affection in his  marriage as  he did  when he  and his
     wife dated.   This  sounds simplistic to some men; they think I
     am chiding them for not "being romantic enough."  Don't  I know
     that  the  romantic  stuff  is impractical and unnecessary when
     you're married?

     I respond that I know no such thing.  In  fact, I  suggest they
     have put  things in  total reverse and could be asking for real
     trouble.  Wives treated with little or no romance are  ripe for
     an affair.

     Why?  In most cases, in order for a woman to willingly have sex
     with a man, she needs to feel one with him in spirit.  A couple
     achieves  this   one-spirit  unity   through  the  exchange  of
     affection and the passage  of time.   A  woman's need  for one-
     spirit  unity  helps  us  understand how affairs develop.  Only
     after a woman has received affection for a time will she become
     one with a man physically, but affection MUST come before sex.

     In the  typical affair, a woman has sex with a man after he has
     demonstrated his love for her by showering her  with affection.
     Because her lover has expressed such care for her, the physical
     union is usually characterized by a degree of ecstasy otherwise
     unknown to the woman in her marriage.

     All this  misleadingly makes affairs sound like forbidden fruit
     and far more exciting than marriage could ever  be.   In truth,
     any marriage  can have  the sizzle of an affair, if it has that
     strong one-spirit bond.

     Husbands will  have little  trouble interesting  their wives in
     sex  if  they  have  laid  the proper groundwork with plenty of
     affection.  When you  face such  a troubled  marriage, look for
     the lack  of groundwork.  Without the environment of affection,
     the sexual event is not  predictably  pleasant  for  the woman.
     All  too  often,  she  reluctantly  agrees to have sex with her
     husband, even though she feels  she  won't  have  that  great a
     time.   In an  affair, however, the conditions that guarantee a
     good time -- the bonding that comes with  affection and  caring
     -- are met.    Her  lover  has  taken  time to create the right
     environment.  Consequently, she feels sexually  aroused just at
     the thought of him.

     In  most  couples  I  see  during counseling, I try to help the
     husband to  see that  for his  wife, affection  has meaning far
     beyond  anything   he  can   imagine.     A  woman  experiences
     immeasurable pleasure from the sensations she  receives through
     affection.  Although these sensations are not the same ones she
     enjoys during sexual arousal and intercourse, they form a vital
     part  of  the  relationship,  because  without them she usually
     cannot get the most from a sexual experience.

     Many husbands have this all backwards.  Because they can become
     aroused without  giving it a thought, they think women can too.
     Most women give sex  quite a  bit of  thought and  usually give
     themselves permission  to become sexually aroused.  Customarily
     they make a deliberate, conscious decision.

     When counseling wives in  troubled  marriages,  I  usually have
     little difficulty  talking them into having more sex with their
     husbands.  For a woman, having sex is  a decision,  more mental
     than  physical.    Husbands  who  remain  unaware of this basic
     difference  in  women  often  feel  troubled  when  their wives
     suddenly  become  sexually  responsive  to  them as a result of
     talking to  me.   They suspect  that I  must use  some charm or
     technique which  they lack.   They  often ask me, "What did you
     tell her?"

     Just  as  women  prefer  that  their   husbands'  affection  be
     spontaneous  and  not  learned  behavior,  so men would like to
     think  of  their  wives'  sexual  response  to  them  as  being
     spontaneous.    Understand  that  meeting each other's needs is
     seldom a spontaneous, "natural" process.   You need  to learn a
     new behavior.   I must add, however, that I find it much easier
     to "talk a woman  into having  sex with  her husband"  if he at
     least makes some kind of effort to be affectionate.

     Women  have  a  choice  when  it comes to sex, but when offered
     affection they  have little  resistance, because  it is perhaps
     their  deepest  emotional  need.   In describing their need for
     affection, I realize I've  confronted men  quite strongly about
     learning  to  become  affectionate,  and  that  may seem rather
     one-sided.  But all I've said here will  prove of  little value
     if a  wife fails  to understand that her husband has an equally
     deep need for sex.   To  the typical  man, sex  is like  air or
     water.  He doesn't have any "options."

     If  a  wife  fails  to  understand  the  power  of the male sex
     appetite, she will wind up  with  a  husband  who  is  tense or
     frustrated  at  best.    At  worst,  he  may  start looking for
     somebody else and, tragically enough, find that someone all too
     easily.    All  this  need  not  occur  if men learn to be more
     affectionate and wives  respond  with  more  eagerness  to make
     love.   As Harley's  first law  says:  WHEN IT COMES TO SEX AND
     AFFECTION, YOU CAN'T HAVE ONE WITHOUT THE OTHER.


     QUESTIONS FOR HIM:

     1.   On  a   scale  of   one  to   10,  with   10  being  "very
          affectionate," how  affectionate am I toward my wife?  How
          would she rate me?

     2.   Is affection the environment for our entire marriage?

     3.   In the  past,  have  I  tended  to  equate  affection with
          getting sexually aroused?  Why hasn't this worked?

     4.   In what specific ways do I show my wife affection?

     5.   Would I be willing to have her coach me in how to show her
          more affection in the ways she really likes it?


     QUESTIONS FOR HER:

     1.   Is affection as important to me as this booklet claims?

     2.   If I'm not getting enough affection from my husband, and I
          willing to put aside my pride and patiently coach him?

     3.   Would I  find it  easier to  make love  if I  felt he were
          truly interested in me and affectionate toward me?


     CONSIDER TOGETHER:

     1.   Do we need to talk about affection?   If so,  what exactly
          do we need to share?

     2.   Is there  enough affection in our marriage?  What examples
          can we give?

     3.   How can we have "affection practice?"  What is comfortable
          for both of us?


     _____________________________________________________________

     Dr.  Harley  has  over  20  years  of  experience as a marriage
     counselor.  He is a licensed clinical psychologist and director
     of a  network of  mental health clinics and chemical dependency
     programs in Minnesota.

     The above material is  excerpted  from  Dr.  Harley's  book HIS
     NEEDS, HER NEEDS (c)1986 by William F. Harley Jr., and was used
     with permission of Fleming H. Revell Company.
     _____________________________________________________________

     More Booklets from FOCUS ON THE FAMILY:

     The following booklets are also  available  from  Focus  on the
     Family for  a suggested  donation of  $.35 [Yes folks, a big 35
     cents!] per booklet.

     Write out a list of which ones you  want, and  enclose the list
     with  your  return  address  and  a  check or money order in an
     envelope addressed to:

     Focus on the Family
     Pomona, CA  91799

     Booklets for which no author is indicated are by Dr. James
     Dobson.

     1. Prepare for adolescence
     2. Fatigue and the homemaker
     3. Stories for the children's hour  -Dr. Kenneth Taylor
     4. Busy husbands, lonely wives
     6. Self-Esteem for your child
     7. Understanding your child's personality
     11. Questions parents ask about discipline
     13. Materialism: enemy of the family
     14. Overprotection: the error of dedicated parents
     16. The plan of salvation
     17. The impact of TV on young lives
     18. Abortion: a moral outrage
     19. Overcoming the marriage blues
     22. The scourge of sibling rivalry
     24. A checklist for spiritual training
     25. A fresh look at husbands and wives
     26. Questions parents ask about self-esteem
     29. Low self-esteem in adults
     31. The heavens declare God's glory
     34. Music in the home
     35. Teaching children to be kind
     36. Mother's employment: Implications for the family
     37. A new look at masculinity and femininity
     39. Dr. Dobson talks about families
     40. Advice to pre-teenagers about self-confidence
     41. Human emotions: friends or enemies
     43. Setting your adolescent free
     44. My father and a dog named Benji
     45. The strong-willed adolescent
     46. Don't nag your teenager
     47. The hyperactive child
     49. Surviving the crises of life - Virginia Watts
     50. The unproclaimed priests of public education - Timothy
     Crater
     52. Values in the home
     53. Hormone imbalance in mid-life
     54. Discipline from 4 to 12
     55. Making sense of wills, trusts, and estate planning - Lloyd
     Copenbarger
     56. Motherhood: it helps if you smile
     57. Thirty ideas for husbands and fathers
     58. A guide to family budgeting - Larry Burkett
     59. Launching the young adult
     60. The straight life
     61. How to preserve your marriage
     62. Eating disorders: an epidemic of self-induced starvation
     63. Developing your child's devotional life - Mary White
     64. Sex and communication in marriage - Dr. Kevin Leman
     65. The miracle parenting tools
     66. Treating your child's allergies - Doris Rapp, MD
     67. A new approach to planning family vacations - Tim Hansel
     68. A Woman of influence: How to pray for your children - Jean
     Flemming
     69. The loving leader: A man's role at home - Dean Merrill
     70. Help for the alcoholic and his family - Sharon Wegscheider
     71. Preparing for the arrival of a newborn - William Sears, MD
     72. Creative ideas for grandparents - Norman Bowman et al
     73. Hope for the hurting parent - Margie Lewis
     74. Divorce: coping with the pain - Andre Bustanoby
     75. A christmas sampler from the Dobson's
     76. The balanced life - Key to managing stress - Jan Markell
     77. Working at home: ways to supplement family income - Jay
     Levinson
     78. Your child's physical fitness - Martin Lorin MD
     79. The power of encouragement - Jeanne Doering
     80. Pets and your family - Frances Chrystie
     81. Restoring romance to your marriage - Ed Wheat, MD
     82. Safety Tips for the Home - Bryson Kalt et al
     83. The read-aloud guide - Jim Trelease
     84. Lets make a memory - Gloria Gather & Shirley Dobson
     85. Helping the hurried child - David Elkind PhD
     86. Coping with frustration
     88. Ministering to the aged - David Oliver PhD
     91. A guide to creative hospitality - Marlene DeFever
     92. Advice to parents of preschoolers - Dr. Paul Meier
     93. Creative mothering - Jean Fleming
     94. The approachable father - Gordon McDonald
     95. You are great in God's eyes - Anthony Campolo
     100. Traveling with young children - John Taylor
     101. A family guide to outdoor safety - David Richey
     96. A woman's guide to reaching goals - Mary Crowley
     97. A primer on home schooling - Dr. Raymond & Dorothy Moore
     98. Preparing your children for school - Dr. Cliff Schimmels
     99. Widowhood: are you prepared? - John Watts
     102. Making the most of your time - Edward Dayton
     103. Resolving conflict - Josh McDowell
     104. A parent's guide to storytelling - Ethel Barrett
     105. Christmas is for kids - Alice Lawhead
     106. You can make a difference (US) - Richard Cizek
     121. You can make a difference (Canada) - Richard Cizek
     107. Discover a new beginning - Ted Engstrom
     108. Advice to newlyweds - H. Norman Wright
     109. Tough Love for singles
     113. Shape up and feel great - Marie Chapain
     114. The church and the family
     115. The value of motherhood - Brenda Hunter
     116. Making lifelong friends - Ted Engstrom
     117. The decision of life
     118. Taking time out to be dad - Wilson Grant MD
     119. Help for the pregnant teen - Linda Roggow & Carolyn Owens
     120. Coping with anger
     122. Advice to single parents - Virginia Smith
     123. Questions parents ask about school and education
     124. What Works
     125. Eating Right: a guide to family nutrition - Dr. C.
     Kuntzleman
     126. Interpreting God's will
     127. Why wait for marriage? - Tim Stafford
     128. Christmas -- a time for family - Alice Lawhead
     129. Coping with depression
     130. Selecting a marriage partner - Dr. Neil Warren
     131. Successful stepparenting - Dave & Bonnie Juroe
     134. Getting the Job: A guide for employment seekers - R.
     Laughlin
     135. Queen of hearts: the role of today's mom - Jill Briscoe
     136. A guide to adoption - Douglas Donnely
     137. Questions women ask about middle age, menopause and
     maturity - Joe MIlhaney, MD
     138. What every man should know about fatherhood - W. M.
     Hardenbrook
     140. What the bible says: Ten reasons why you should get
     involved in the fight against pornography - Dr. Jerry Kirk
     141. The power of the picture: how pornography harms - Dr.
     Jerry Kirk
     142. Hard core already illegal: the case against hard core
     pornography in America - Dr. Jerry Kirk
     143. A winnable war: How to fight pornography in your community
     - Dr. Jerry Kirk
     145. Living with an unsaved spouse - William Deal
     146. Help for the postabortal woman - Teri Reisser, MD
     147. Responding to a woman with a crisis pregnancy - Teri
     Reisser, MD
     148. Crisis pregnancy centers: how you and your church can help
     - Pamela Pearson Wong
     149. Cultivating Affection in your Marriage - Willard Harley
     Jr., PhD.

