

AIDS Research

The following report contains excerpts from:

   The McAlvany Intelligence Advisor "The Great Global AIDS Plague of
the 1990s (And How To Survive It)," Phoenix, Arizona, September 1990.

    Lancet, "Resistance of AIDS Virus at Room Temperature," Viral Oncology
Unit, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France. September 28, 1985.


Introduction
   America and the entire world are faced with the greatest medical crisis
since the Black Death plague which wiped out over one-third of Europe's
population several hundred years ago.  The AIDS plague, the severity of
which has consistently bee n covered up by the American and other
governments to avoid a panic, is already at epidemic levels and will within
a few more years be a pandemic.  The economic, political, and sociological
implications of this plague are horrendous and will change t he course of
U.S. and world history for centuries.

What is AIDS?

    AIDS is actually a family of viruses related to HIV (HTLV-3), Hepatitis
B, Herpes Type 2HSV and Epstein-Barr virus (which is related to
mononucleosis "the so-called "kissing disease").  There is not one AIDS
virus but thousands (i.e.,  9,000 2), or perhaps millions is more accurate.
AIDS is the most rapidly mutating virus in history and therefore (according
to former Surgeon General Everett Koop) it will be difficult, if not
impossible to ever find a vaccine cure.  (It would take thousa nds or
millions of vaccines.)  A person can carry the virus for 10 years with no
symptoms of the disease (five years is average but many victims carry it for
only one to two years before getting the disease).  Most victims die within
two years of the virus breaking out into the actual disease (i.e., when it
moves from the body fluids into the cells).  Once the virus enters the
brain, maximum survival is two years. In 90%  of the cases, it does enter
the brain and dementia results.  Some people get the virus and come down
with the disease very quickly because their immune system is down, they've
been drinking a lot of alcohol, etc. The disease is 100% fatal - there is no
known cure.  The disease has recently shown up in animals and fish (in
recent months it was found in dolphins on the East Coast).  AIDS is rapidly
moving from being an epidemic to a pandemic. The latter spreads to almost
everyone and becomes unstoppable - such as the Hong Kong flu in 1969.

I.      THE INCIDENCE OF AIDS IN AMERICA AND AROUND THE WORLD

   AIDS infections in America and around the globe are now beginning to
multiply geometrically although researchers and health officials from the
World Health Organization (WHO)  to the Center for Disease Control (CDC) to
the Pasteur Institute i n France (because of very little testing) all differ
on the totals.  The CDC says there are 1.7 million AIDS victims in America,
and estimate 440,000 new cases by the end of 1992.  Other researchers
estimate over 3 million cases in the U.S. today, and some estimate 10
million current infections with the virus.

        It  took 6 1/2 years for the U.S. to record its first 50,000 full
blown cases of AIDS, 18 months to record its second 50,000 cases, and
probably 12 months to record the third 50,000 cases (according to Dr. Ruth
Berkelman, Chief of the surveillance branch of the CDC's AIDS program).  As
of March 31, 1989, there had been  52,435 "recorded" deaths from AIDS with
WHO projecting 215,000 U.S. AIDS deaths by 1992.  (AIDS will kill more
Americans in 1991 alone than died in the entire Vietnam War, according to
FDA commissioner Frank Young.)

        WHO estimates that during the 1980s, 6-8 million people worldwide
got the AIDS virus, that over 10 million were infected in 1990, and that
18-24 million more will get it during the 1990s.  (500,000 new cases have
just been reported by WHO in S.E. Asia over the past 24 months.)  The U.S.
Public Health Service, in a study released in late 1989 entitled, "The
Catastrophe Ahead:  AIDS and the Case for a New Public Policy" concluded
that 14.5 million Americans would be infected by the virus by 2002.  The
Hudson Institute has estimated that 630,000 U.S. heterosexuals are presently
infected with the AIDS virus.

        If one considers that WHO already estimates that up to 50 million
 Africans will be infected with the virus by 1992 (other AIDS research
 institutes believe the number is currently closer to 150 million) and
 that AIDS is exploding in S.E. Asia, Latin America, Western Europe, and the
 U.S. - then one can conclude that all of these estimates are low, perhaps
 very low.  The lack of mandatory testing and the dishonest reporting of
 the cause of most AIDS deaths as TB, cancer, flu, etc., make the AIDS
 statistics hopelessly underestimated.

        A.  THE NEW YORK AIDS INFECTION RATE : In New York, AIDS is the
leading cause of death for males between the ages of 24 and 44 and for
women between 25 and 34.  In the New York/New Jersey area,  25% of men aged
25-44 have tested positive fo r the AIDS virus (the highest "reported" AIDS
infection rate in the world) while 3% of all new babies born in the Bronx
have the virus (30-40% of children born to infected women are themselves
infected).  In a state-wide survey, authorities found tha t one in every
155 women of child-bearing age in New York State was infected with the AIDS
virus while one in every 77 women of child-bearing age in New York City was
infected with the deadly virus.  Since 1982, 10,000 New Yorkers have been
"reported" to have died of AIDS.  One in seven prisoners in New York City
jails now test positive for AIDS.

        Dr. Stephen Joseph, New York Health Commissioner, estimates that
there are 400,000 AIDS carriers in the city; other AIDS researchers say the
number could be as high as 700,000.  Dr. Joseph says that by 1991, the city
will have 100,000 full-blown cases of AIDS.  Today some 50-60% of New York's
200,000 drug addicts are infected with AIDS, and over 70% of the city's
homosexuals are estimated to be infected.  (The CDC estimates that 60% of
San Francisco's male gays are infected with the viru s and 54% of all
homosexuals in Atlanta).  In New York 44% of all AIDS victims are white
and 56% non-white.

        B.  INCUBATION TIME - One of the most dangerous aspects of the
AIDS plague is that it can take up to 10 years after a person is infected
with the virus for that person to develop AIDS symptoms and come down with
the disease.  (For about half of the AIDS victims, the incubation period is
5-7 years.)  These long incubation periods  mean that an infected person can
go on infecting dozens (or hundreds) of people for years without (in many
cases) even knowing that they are  spreading the disease, like a "typhoid
Mary."  Unless they have had an AIDS test, they could infect large numbers
of people for up to a decade.

        C.  AIDS TESTING CAN BE INVALID FOR 3-4 YEARS AFTER INFECTION -
Another ominous aspect of the AIDS virus is that there can be up to a 3 1/2
to 4 year period (or more) when a person can be carrying the AIDS virus, be
infective, and yet test n egative (i.e., test as if he or she did not have
the virus when they actually do).  Dr. Imagwa of the University of
California
has reported that some AIDS carriers may never test positive.  In other
words,
blood testing is not necessarily valid and p eople who have tested clean can
in fact go on infecting others, blood banks, etc.

        D.  THE MAGIC OF COMPOUND GROWTH - We all know the magic of compound
interest, and how 8% annual interest, reinvested and compounded, can make an
investment grow geometrically over a number of years.  But imagine something
growing at an 8% per month compounding rate.  That's how fast the CDC and
other AIDS research groups say AIDS (the disease - not just the viral
infection) is growing in America (actually 8-1/4% per month).

        Using the CDC's own numbers of 286,818 Americans with the disease
in June 1990, by the end of the year the number of people with the active
disease would be 461,502.  By the end of 1991, compounding at 8-1/4% per
month, 1,194,834 Americans wi ll be dying from AIDS;  by the end of
1992 - 3,093,441; by the end of 1993 - 8,008,971; by the end of
1994 - 20,735,553; by the end of 1995 - 53,684,169; by the end of
1996 - 138,988,183; and by July 1997 - 259,500,643 Americans would have
the AIDS disease (i.e., America's entire population).

        Undoubtedly at some point the rate would slow, but the magnitude of
the problem causes one to stop and ponder.  In Africa, the number of people
contracting the disease doubles every six months, in Latin America every
seven months - versus every 12 months in America.

II.     AIDS IS CASUALLY TRANSMITTED

        Once a critical mass of people have been infected rapidly by highly
efficient means of transmitting the virus (i.e., sodomy, exchanging I.V.
drug needles, etc.), the transmission by far less efficient means will
inevitably occur increasingly often.  These include blood transfusions,
prenatal transmissions, biologically normal sexual intercourse, needle stick
injuries, chance contact of sores or abrasions with contaminated blood,
saliva or sputum, transmission by blood-sucking insects, etc.

        AIDS victims with no known high risk factor already form the third
largest group of infectees in America and the second largest group in
Western Europe.  Evidence is mounting rapidly that AIDS can be transmitted
casually, like the common cold, flu and a host of other viral diseases.  It
is important to understand that the AIDS virus has been found to be
infectious outside the body - after being dried out in a petri dish - for 10
days.  It can survive in water or a moist environment almost indefinitely.
This indicates that the AIDS virus is a tough virus capable of surviving on
inanimate objects for a prolonged period of time.

Resistance of AIDS Virus at Room Temperature

        F. Barré-Sinoussi, M.T. Nugeyre, and J.C. Chermann at the Viral
Oncology Unit, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France, published the following in
The Lancet, (9/28/85):  "Sir, - LAV/HTLV-III, the agent causing AIDS, has
been isolated from body fluids (blood, semen, saliva, tears).  Its isolation
in saliva prompted us to investigate the possibility of transmission by
saliva, and we have studied the sensitivity of LAV//HTLV-III at room
temperature.  LAV has been reported to be inactivated by heating at
56°C for 30 min.1 and to persist after 48 hr. at 30°C.2  The virus used
for the infectivity assay was 128,000 cpm/ml equivalent reverse
transcriptase and was left at room temperature for  0, 2, 4, or 7 days in a
sealed tube or allowed to dry in a petri dish.  After the times indicated in
the figure the virus was used to infect stimulated T lymphocytes (5000
cpm/106 cells) and viral production was determined in cell free supernatant
by testing for the reverse transcriptase activity twice a week.3  One graph
(Resistance of LAV in liquid medium) shows unusual stability of LAV/HTLV-III
at room temperature (20-22°C).  No significant difference was found between
0, 2, or 4 days.

Only a slight decrease is noted with a delay in the virus production
indicating a loss of few infectious viral particles after 7 days at room
temperature.

        "Two petri dishes containing 25,000 cpm equivalent reverse
transcriptase of dry virus were kept at room temperature for 4 or 7 days
and then resuspended in 0-220 ml water and used to measure the infectivity.
Another graph (Resistance of drie d preparation of LAV) shows significant
numbers of viral particles are then inactivated, but some infectious virus
is still present since release of virus was seen on day 10.  This result
indicates that the virus is resistant at room temperature, eit her in dry
form or in liquid medium.

        “This resistance of LAV at room temperature may explain the
 appearance of some AIDS cases in non-risk groups.  To prevent possible
 contamination by viral particles in dry or liquid form, hygiene should be
 increased in the general population.  Moreover, some more safety
 precautions should be taken in laboratories and in hospitals and by
 dentists who use a vacuum pump for saliva aspiration.  Indeed, this data
 strongly supports the use of disinfectants found to be effective against
 the AIDS agent.4”

        A.  SALIVA AND AIDS  —  Evidence is growing around the world that
AIDS is transmitted via saliva.  In Russia, five babies infected by AIDS-
tainted needles transmitted the disease to their non-infected mothers
through breast-feeding.  Policeme n and others who have been bitten by AIDS-
infected persons have become infected when none of the AIDS biters’ blood
has been involved and only the biters’ saliva came in contact with the
bites.
        Dr. Jerome Groopman, of the National Institute of Health, said in
October 1984: “The recovery of AIDS virus from saliva suggests that direct
contact with this body fluid should be avoided since saliva...could
facilitate person-to-person trans mission.”  University of Montreal
researchers reported in June 1988 that: “Salivary HIV (AIDS) is infective
(able to transmit infection),” and that “The incidence and percentage of
AIDS virus in salivary lymphocytes was significantly higher than in p
eripheral blood lymphocytes.”
        The First AIDS Report (4/89) concluded: “The mouth of an individual
carrying AIDS acts as a viral incubator, fomenting the manufacture and
multiplication of infective AIDS viruses.  AIDS virus has been found in
‘higher incidence and percentag e’ in salivary lymphocytes than those in
blood.  The saliva of AIDS carriers should be regarded as an infective body
fluid capable of transmitting the disease.”  “The incidents in the Soviet
Union have profound implications:  1) The body fluid of AID S infected
children must be considered infectious; 2) AIDS infected infants or children
who bite, kiss, or drool infective saliva on other children or shared toys
pose a health hazard; 3) Schools, preschools, day care centers, and baby-
sitting servic es must have the right to determine if the infants or
children seeking their services are AIDS infectious.”
        AIDS infected saliva explains why so many family members (with no
sexual contact between them) have come down with AIDS.  There is an eight
times greater chance of being infected if one lives in the household of a
person with AIDS.

        B.  CAN AIDS BE SPREAD VIA COUGHING OR SNEEZING? — British AIDS
researcher, Dr. John Seale, believes that AIDS can be spread through
coughing and sneezing — just like a common cold, the flu and most other
viruses.  As Seale said recently in a n interview with The Cutting Edge:
“If an AIDS virus is inhaled into the lung it is engulfed by an amoeba-like
macrophage from the lining of the alveoli (air sacs).  It has been shown
repeatedly in the laboratory that the AIDS virus readily infects
macrophages, and the virus replicates within them, thereby enabling
infection of people initiated by this route.

        “Understandably, and wisely, the government had advised dental
        surgeons in Britain always to wear masks to avoid AIDS virus
        infection when using high-speed drills.  These drills make aerosols
        of saliva similar to those produced by sneezing.  “Chronic lymphoid
        interstitial pneumonitis is a well-recognized  variety of pneumonia
        caused directly by infection of the lungs with the AIDS virus.  When
        associated with pulmonary tuberculosis, a very common complication
        of AIDS, it is inevi table that coughing will produce some aerosols
        containing tubercle bacilli and the AIDS virus.  After the fluid in
        the aerosols evaporates, the minute dry flakes containing tubercle
        bacilli and AIDS virus float in the air indefinitely, and both
remain infectious for days.”

        When questioned as to whether AIDS is basically a sexual disease,
 Seale responded that it is not!  As Seale said:  “You must remember that
 the animal retro-viruses, from which AIDS was probably derived, are not
 sexually-transmitted diseases.  The maedi-visna virus of sheep is
 transmitted by respiratory aerosols, and the infectious anemia of horses is
 transmitted by large biting insects.  I have no doubt that AIDS can be
 transmitted by both of these methods.  AIDS is definitely not a clas sic
 sexually-transmitted disease, but is only incidentally transmitted by the
 fact that sex is an intimate type of contact.”

        C.  AIDS: THE KISSING DISEASE — A letter to the editor of the
Journal of American Medical Association (JAMA), 12/89, from Italian
researchers suggests that passionate (or open mouthed) kissing (defined as
“a kiss lasting a few minutes with vi gorous rubbing if the oral mucosa by
partners”) cannot be considered safe sex when it comes to the transmission
of AIDS.  JAMA (January ’89) researchers studied 45 heterosexual couples,
noting the amount of blood that appeared in their saliva before and after
brushing their teeth, eating a meal, and passionate kissing, the percentage
of individuals with blood in their saliva increased.  They concluded,
therefore, that “If the blood of one partner is infected, AIDS can pass into
the blood stream of the other partner.”

        JAMA concluded in their study (1/3/89) regarding how much blood
contained in saliva can transmit the AIDS infection: “Kissing generally is
considered protective sex (an activity which does not permit transmission of
AIDS).  We do not agree si nce the oral mucosa is very fragile.  After
kissing, 91% of couples studied had blood detected in their saliva.”

        The JAMA study demonstrated that the presence of blood is common in
the saliva of healthy male and female heterosexuals.  Normal daily
activities like eating and teeth brushing increase the frequency and
quantity of blood in saliva.  The stud y concluded that saliva should be
regarded as a body fluid capable of transmitting AIDS, and that deep kissing
is an activity which must be considered a serious risk behavior for AIDS
transmission.  Kissing an AIDS carrier can be fatal.  (The CDC err ed when
it said in its 1988 pamphlet [sent to 107 million homes] that you cannot get
AIDS from kissing.  You can — from saliva, and from the blood in saliva if
your partner is infected with AIDS)

        D. IMPLICATIONS OF AIDS IN SALIVA AND IN BLOOD IN SALIVA-

        1) Direct skin or mucous membrane (i.e. membrane of the eye, mouth,
           nose) contact with the saliva of AIDS carriers should be avoided.
        2) Saliva tinged with AIDS contaminated blood which is sneezed or
coughed into the air is infective (just as in the transmission of the common
cold virus or flu virus).  If the contaminated droplets hit the surface of
the eye, are inhaled into the nose mouth or lungs, there is risk of non-
sexual person-to-person transmission of AIDS.  One doctor, an ENT
specialist, believes that he contracted AIDS while performing as emergency
tracheotomy on an infected patient while not properly masked.  Infection is
thought to have occurred from the patient’s blood and saliva.  Another
doctor was infected by being coughed upon while putting a tube down a
patient’s throat.
        3)   Since the AIDS virus can survive on a dry dish for 10 days,
             objects contaminated with saliva, or blood tinged saliva (i.e.,
             utensils, glasses, cups, etc.) should be disinfected or
             cleansed in H2O at 169 degrees.
        4)  Persons in occupations which require the performance of cardio-
pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) involving mouth-to-mouth contact (i.e.,
policemen, firemen, paramedics, nurses) should be routinely screened for
AIDS infection.  An AIDS infecti ous person performing CPR has the potential
of passing AIDS contaminated saliva into the mouth of the recipients.
        5)  Remember, the stranger you kiss could quite literally be giving
            you “the kiss of death.”

        E.  AIDS IN INSECTS

   It is well known that insects transmit disease.  The bubonic plague,
which killed tens of millions of people, came from infected fleas which bit
infected rats.  The encephalitis and yellow fever viruses are transmitted t
o man via bites from infected mosquitoes.  Malaria, as well as Lyme Disease
and Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever are transmitted from bites by infected
ticks.  The polio virus was thought to be transmitted by infected flies.

Why shouldn’t the AIDS virus (which we know is transferred by dirty AIDS
infected needles) be transmitted by blood sucking insects such as
mosquitoes, fleas, ticks, etc. which have first bitten (and drawn blood
from) an AIDS infected person?

        An article appeared in late ’89 in the Journal of Infectious
Diseases in which it was stated:  “The AIDS virus was detected in bed bugs
up to eight days after oral exposure to highly concentrated virus in blood
meals.”  The Browning Newslette r (1/21/87) reported:  “A British team
announced in September that they had done a study in Africa and had found 19
bloodsucking insects that were carrying the virus for AIDS...It has been
reported that Haiti and Africa show a flat distribution for t he occurrence
of AIDS across the population, unlike the U.S., which has an ethnic and
ethical distribution of occurrence.  The implication is that a different
kind of agent — such as the mosquito — may be acting as the disease
carrier.”

    This would explain cases in Florida  and elsewhere where no high risk
activity was present — but a high occurrence of mosquito bites among AIDS
infected people was found  to be the only common denominator.

        F.  AIDS IN SPORTS

   Emphasizing the danger of casual AIDS transmission, Italian doctors
reported recently in the British medical weekly, Lancet, that a soccer
player in Great Britain caught AIDS when he collided with an infected player
on th e field.  It was known that the infected player had the disease, but
special interest groups insisted he should be allowed to play.

        G.  AIDS TRANSMITTED FROM DENTIST TO PATIENT

   In July, the CDC reported that a Florida dentist who had AIDS removed two
teeth from a young 24 year old woman and two years later she became positive
for the AIDS virus.  The woman had none of t he risk factors associated with
AIDS.  Studies showed that the virus which affected her had almost an
identical genetic structure (i.e., DNA sequence) to the virus being carried
by the dentist.  The dentist had no cuts on his hands; in fact, he wore
latex gloves and a surgical mask during the extraction.  He simply breathed
on the young woman and she contracted AIDS (much as a cold or the flu virus
is transferred from one person to another).

III.    AIDS SPREADING TO NEW GROUPS

    AIDS is believed by most Americans to be primarily a disease either
sexually transmitted by male homosexuals or by the sharing of I.V. drug
needles.  These were the first and most vulnerable groups in America (and
indeed will be largely extin ct within a decade), but if you  will look at
Africa and elsewhere around the world, you will see that AIDS is primarily
found in heterosexuals.  Indeed, AIDS is not a sexual disease at all,
although its foremost means of transmission at this writing remains sexual.
AIDS is  a deadly virus, and as such will be spread in many ways  and to
many groups.

        A.  AIDS IN HETEROSEXUALS
   The Hudson Institute has done a study which  estimates that there are
presently over 630,000 heterosexuals in America inflicted with the AIDS
virus.  In Africa, where extramarital heterosexual relations with severa l
partners a day is the norm, AIDS is spread heterosexually.  In Belgium a few
years ago, a traveling engineer traveled through the countryside having sex
with professional, middle class women.  Out of 18 sexual contacts, 10 became
infected.

   In America, rampant pre- and extra-marital sex (often with multiple
partners over a period of a year or so — and with some of those male
partners being bisexual) is now spreading AIDS rapidly through America’s so-
called “straight” population.  In New Jersey, AIDS acquired from
heterosexual intercourse among women in that state has risen from 14% of
infections statewide in 1985 to 48% through 1988 (and is undoubtedly higher
in 1990).

   Prostitutes in Europe, the Far East and America who engage in
heterosexual sex are infected with the AIDS virus at rates of 50 to 80% of
the total number of prostitutes.  African prostitutes are 100% infected.
The male customers of these inf ected prostitutes are then going on to
infect wives, girl friends and other female partners, who in turn infect
other male partners, etc., etc., etc.  One startling report which came out
of the recent Inter-national Conference on AIDS, held in San Fr ancisco, was
that 25% of AIDS infected men in a recent study who engage in oral
intercourse with males, identified themselves as hetero- or bisexual —
meaning that 25% of the gay men may also be infecting women in heterosexual
encounters.

   B.  AIDS IN WOMEN AND CHILDREN

   AIDS is now spreading rapidly among women — largely because of
heterosexual contacts, not because of contact with gays or I.V. drug users.
In New York City, 1% of the Black and Hispanic women giving birth are
infected.  Among those applying for U.S.  military service in 1990, men and
women infected with AIDS are now in equal numbers.  Women now account for
10% of all AIDS cases in America and that percentage is rising rapidly.
AIDS is now the leading cau se of death for women between the ages of 20 to
40 in large American cities, Western Europe, and Equatorial Africa,
according to the London based journal The Lancet.  In these cities, infant
and child deaths from AIDS are now 30% above normal.  The r eport indicated
that over 1 million uninfected children will be orphaned over the next few
years in these cities as their parents die of AIDS.

   The World Health Organization says that at least 3 million women and
children worldwide will die of AIDS in the 1990s (500,000 women and children
died of AIDS  in the 1980s).  Other European research teams believe that 3
million women and chi ldren in Africa alone will die in the next year or
two.  The National AIDS Prevention Institute has predicted that by 1991, one
out of every 10 U.S. pediatric beds will be occupied by a child with AIDS.
WHO recently reported that in Latin America, A IDS is now infecting men and
women in equal numbers (i.e., the African pattern), while in some Latin
cities the rate of AIDS infection in pregnant women is up to 10%.

  C.  TEENAGE SEX LEADING TO TEENAGE AIDS OR AIDS IN THE EARLY TWENTIES

   In young people between the ages of 15 and 24, AIDS deaths have increased
100-fold between 1981 and ’87.  About 21% of people now developing AIDS in
the U.S. are in their 20s.  That means they were probably infected in their
teens.  AIDS researchers and health officials are deeply concerned about the
rapid spread of AIDS among U.S. teenagers today.  AIDS infection among
teenagers has increased by 40% over the past tw o years with many large
cities such as New York and Miami having 1% of their 15 and 16 year old
teenagers already infected.  Among Black and Hispanic teenagers, the AIDS
infection rates range up to 7%.  AIDS infection among U.S. teenagers is now
spre ading faster than among any group except homosexuals.

        AIDS is spreading equally fast between male and female teenagers
(according to studies of 17 and 18 year old U.S. military recruits),
indicating that heterosexual and not homosexual sex is the primary risk
factor in this group.  AIDS researc hers say that conditions are ripe for
the virus to spread among U.S. teenagers because of their high level of
sexual activity, their multiple partners, and their limited use of condoms
(all factors in the rapid spread of AIDS in Africa).  This is tru e for
upper and middle class teenagers as well.

   Covenant House, which helps teenage runaways living on the street in New
York, found that 7% of 1,800 surveyed were AIDS infected.  The Hetrich-
Martin Institute for Lesbian and Gay Youth estimates that 10-15% of the
street teenagers it has co unseled have tested positive for AIDS, but that
the number is probably much higher because most teenagers who are counseled
have not been tested.

   The CDC estimates that 20% of the men and 25% of the women now testing
positive for AIDS are in their 20s.  Two to three times more 21 year olds
than 15 year olds are AIDS infected (i.e., up to 3% of 21 year olds are now
infected with the vir us).  Since the time between infection with the AIDS
virus and development of the AIDS disease is typically 5-10 years, the CDC
has concluded that most of these new aids cases were contracted through
sexual encounters as teenagers.  Because of the le ngthy latency of the
virus, hundreds of thousands (if not millions) of teenagers continue to
infect themselves completely unaware that they are passing the disease on to
their sexual partners, girl or boyfriends or dates.  It shows up in their
20s bu t was caught in the teenage years.  (The American College Health
Association now admits that over  25,000 U.S. college students carry the
AIDS virus.  (Considering the lack of testing, the actual number could be 10
times as high).

  That promiscuity and unbridled sex  among American teenagers is rampant is
obvious.  The average American teenager loses his or her virginity at 16.
The CDC says one in six U.S. teenagers contracts a sexually transmitted
disease each year — there are currently 2 1/2 million “reported” cases of
STDs among U.S. teenagers each year, as well as nearly a million unintended
teenage pregnancies annually.  In most areas of America, 60-80% of U.S.
teenagers are sexually active.  The CDC says tha t one in six high school
girls has had four sexual partners.  There are over one million teenage
runaways living on the streets in America today and health officials believe
that almost 100% of this group is sexually active.  The incidence of AIDS in
fections in this group is very high, according to the National Cancer
Institute.

  AIDS experts say that typical adolescent denial is coupled with teenagers’
tendency to deny their risk of AIDS infection because they seldom see
someone their own age with AIDS.  Teenagers are a prime example of a group
that does not look 5-1 0 years ahead.  Teenagers who have become infected
with the AIDS virus say that they were not concerned at the time they became
infected and gave no thought to “safe sex” practices or abstinence.

   Dr. William Campbell Douglass wrote in his book, AIDS - The End of
Civilization:  "Because of the sexual promiscuity of our young people, AIDS
will spread like the plague through our youth.  The answer of the
professional educators:  more sex education.  It makes about as much sense
as teaching kids how to use needles “safely” and how to snort cocaine in
order to reduce drug addiction.  Sex education was a stupid idea.  Now we’re
going to pay for it through the devastation of our childre n.  How many of
our children are AIDS positive?  Nobody knows because nobody is testing — we
won’t know for 5-10 years — until they start dying.  Teen AIDS is a ticking
time bomb.”

   D.  AIDS AMONG DOCTORS, DENTISTS AND MEDICAL PERSONNEL

  The Journal of the American Medical Association says that more than 4,500
health care workers in the U.S. are reported to have AIDS, including a
number of physicians and surgeons.  Many are still practicing with little or
no restrictions under loose, largely voluntary CDC guidelines which do not
require the doctor to reveal his own AIDS infection to his patient.  Had the
Florida dentist discussed above revealed his AIDS infection t o his patient
before extracting her teeth, she would probably not be dying today.  The
American Dental Association, however, in a self-serving effort to protect
its dental constituency, says that reporting about AIDS infected dentists
“does not serve the best interest of the public and the profession.”

  Surgery is becoming a high risk profession for surgeons and surgical
nurses, who often accidentally prick themselves with needles during surgery.
Doctors and nurses at San Francisco General Hospital were accidentally
exposed to blood in 84 o f 1,307 operations which were studied (i.e., 6.4%).
Contaminated blood would have gone beneath the skin in 22 procedures — or
1.7% of the 1,300 operations.  Unfortunately for the 22 surgeons or nurses
so inflicted, all are now dying of AIDS.

  Dr. Lorraine Day, until recently the Orthopedic Chief at San Francisco
General Hospital, does not practice “unsafe” sex or use intravenous drugs.
And yet the New England Journal of Medicine predicts that her chance of
becoming AIDS infected within 5 years is 50/50 if she remains in her
profession.  Health care workers make up 2.2% of the population, but account
for an estimated 5.1% of all AIDS cases.  Day, who acknowledged in late ’89
that one in 10 of her patients had AIDS, said:  “I almost got it Friday”
(after a colleague stabbed her accidentally with a blood-soaked instrument).
“I almost got stabbed clear through.  We were working on a drug addict.
Fortunately I had three pairs of gloves on, and it only went through two.
Ev ery time that happens, it could be the end of my life.  I don’t know
which stick is going to get me.”  Day has said that she was stuck with a
blood-contaminated object at least twice a month while at SFGH.  Day has
also pointed out that the AIDS viru s can enter the body through the skin —
especially if there are tiny cuts, chapped hands, or simply open sores.  A
number of medical workers have become AIDS infected in this way.

  Day has been attacked by gay rights groups (and indeed lost her position
at SFGH) because she complained that the CDC has not researched whether AIDS
can be transmitted via sweat, coughing, sneezing or microscopic airborne
blood particles whi ch are generated during surgery.  National Gay Rights
Advocates attacked Dr. Day, saying that “discrimination by health care
workers is a major problem for AIDS victims,” and that “Lorraine Day does
not speak for all health care workers.”

  [Editor’s note:  As an additional indication as to the casual nature of
AIDS transmission, a 21 year old was delivering an AIDS infected blood
sample packaged for shipment.  The package was not broken, nor was any
direct contact with the bloo d made.  The young man had had no contact with
high risk groups.  But he contracted AIDS nevertheless.]

IV.     THE MANY FORMS (AND FELLOW TRAVELERS) OF AIDS

  AIDS is rapidly mutating into hundreds of new viruses, while other related
viruses or venereal diseases which help to spread the AIDS virus, such as
Hepatitis B, Herpes, syphilis, gonorrhea, etc. have exploded (i.e.,
quadrupled) in recent yea rs.  By the end of 1985, two years after the AIDS
virus was first discovered, more than 200 different strains had been
isolated, each with a slightly different genetic makeup.  By 1986, an
entirely new virus was reported in West Africa named HIV-2.  It differed
from other known strains by more than 50%.

  In 1988, AIDS researchers at the University of Miami identified 17
different strains of AIDS in one AIDS patient and 9 strains in another.
Sixteen months later, the researchers found an additional 13 strains in the
second patient.  Flossie W angstaal of the National Cancer Institute says a
new AIDS mutant can arise every few days.  Such mutations make the concept
of ever finding a vaccine virtually impossible.

  In 1983, a formerly harmless poultry virus caused devastation in the state
of Pennsylvania.  While making a copy of its genetic material, the virus
made a tiny error.  Because of that error, it began producing a slightly
altered virus which a llowed the normally benign organism to spread beyond
its usual residence in chicken’s lungs and intestines.  It had lived there
for probably thousands of years causing chickens no harm.

  But soon it was burrowing into other parts of the birds’ bodies, including
the nervous system, where it multiplied rapidly and began to cause a serious
disease.  With its newly-acquired virulence, this otherwise mild-mannered
alien influenza virus went wild.  Before the epidemic ended six months
later, more than 17,000,000 chickens were dead — all because of a minuscule
molecular mutation.

  The 1983 chicken population in Pennsylvania is like the world as it is at
this moment,” said Robert G. Webster, a virologist and molecular biologist
in Memphis, Tennessee.  “What would we have done if this virus had occurred
in humans?  Ther e are millions of us ‘chickens’ just waiting to be
infected.”

  Such fears are certainly not new to virologists.  We should all ponder the
1918 flu epidemic that, because of a mutant strain, wiped out an estimated
20,000,000 people on this earth.  The emergence of the AIDS virus is seen as
probably the gr eatest plague in the history of the world.

        A.  SUPERFAST AIDS

   Scientists at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center have discovered
an AIDS-like virus in monkeys that can kill in about a week.  This new
sudden-death monkey virus is a retro-virus in the same family of viruses as
the HIV virus.  There are many simion immuno-deficiency viruses (SIV) but
this one is of special interest because of its extreme lethality.
Scientists at the Yerkes Center are concerned that similar strains of the
fast-killing AIDS viruses could be developing within humans.  Patricia
Faltz, of the Yerkes Center, said, “the genetic makeup of this quick-killing
SIV virus indicates that it acquired its lethality through ‘subtle gradual
mutations.’  Therefore, the possibility that lethal AIDS varia nts exist
with properties similar to the SIV virus must be considered.”

   [Editor’s note:  The outbreak of Legionnaires Disease — a lethal, fast-
killing virus — which broke out in Philadelphia, California and elsewhere
during the 1980s and left dozens of victims dead within a few hours of
infection.]

  B.  THE EXPLOSION OF HEPATITIS-B

   The CDC has recently reported that Hepatitis-B is now spreading rapidly
among non-drug using heterosexuals.  This is a grave finding.  Hepatitis-B
and AIDS go together.  It is believed that 70-80% of homosex uals carry
Hepatitis-B and almost 60-80% have AIDS although they have not yet all been
tested, or tested positive.  It may be that rampant Hepatitis-B is a surface
indication of rampant, but undiagnosed AIDS.  Hepatitis-B has an incubation
period of 6 weeks to 6 months, while the AIDS incubation period can be 3 1/2
years or more before the blood tests positive.

   There are about  250-300,000 new cases of Hepatitis-B reported in the
U.S. each year, with 8,000 annual deaths from the virus.  A study in the
Journal of the American Medical Association says that homosexual men
practicing oral intercourse ar e 9 times more susceptible to getting
Hepatitis-B than AIDS.  But the former seems to be setting the stage for
infection by the latter.  Insight Magazine reported (12/18/89) that global
health records show 300 million people carry Hepatitis-B worldwi de.  Up to
90% of all S.E. Asians are carriers of the highly infectious disease which
destroys the liver.

   [Editor’s note:  Dr. William Campbell Douglass believes that vaccination
or inoculation with Hepatitis-B vaccine is helping to spread that disease
and make those so vaccinated highly vulnerable to AIDS infection.  It should
be remembered that hundreds of people died from CDC flu vaccinations over a
decade ago.]

  C.  HERPES EPIDEMIC

  More than 25 million Americans are infected with the genital herpes virus,
according to a recent study (although many do not exhibit the painful, itchy
sores associated with the disease).  Exposure to the genital herpes virus is
believed to serve as a risk marker for other sexually-transmitted diseases,
and may pose a biological risk for infection with AIDS.  The study indicated
that 20.22% of Americans between ages 30 and 44 tested positive.  Blacks had
a rate of i nfection almost twice that of Whites, with nearly 65% of Black
women (age 30 to 59) found to be infected.  Nearly 20% of White women of the
same age were infected.

  D.  VENEREAL WARTS

  Venereal warts can be transmitted from towels and tanning tables.  Dr.
Ralph Richort, Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center in New York, reports
that they have been able to recover the virus from doctors’ instruments,
glov es, and even plumes of smoke.  The Mayo Clinic reported seven cases,
all from tanning parlors.  It you can get this venereal disease from tanning
tables, you can get it from toilet seats.

   E.  AIDS AND TUBERCULOSIS

  AIDS is triggering a global explosion of tuberculosis, and at least 2
million people are already infected with the microbes that cause both
diseases, Dr. Peter Eriki, a WHO official, recently reported.  Dr. Eriki t
old a large AIDS Conference in San Francisco in July that 1.7 billion people
(1/3 of the world’s population) are infected with tuberculosis bacilli.
Most have no symptoms, but 20 million are sick with TB and 3 million die
each year, Dr. Eriki said.  AIDS infected persons become very susceptible to
TB and often die of tuberculosis.  Progressively more and more AIDS
infectees are being found to have TB and vice versa.  In some parts of
Africa, up to 70% of the population are TB infected wh ile 55% have been
exposed to AIDS.

V.      AIDS AROUND THE WORLD

  A.  AIDS IN AFRICA

  Scientists examining satellite photos taken over Central Africa have
noticed a curious phenomenon.  Several formerly prosperous villages in Zaire
had been deserted and bush was already encroaching on the roads leading to
ghostly circles of abandoned dwellings.  Further investigation revealed that
AIDS was the monster that had caused the villagers to flee in panic into the
bush — leaving their dying behind them.

  In Uganda, WHO researchers have found more deserted “AIDS villages.” In
many villages one in every four inhabitants had already died and nearly all
those still alive were inflicted with the “slim disease,” (i.e., AIDS).  The
Uganda governmen t admits that 1 million out of 17 million Ugandans are
infected with the virus.  The actual number is probably 5-8 times greater.
In Uganda, health authorities recently tested an entire high school class
for the virus — 40% of the students tested po sitive.  Kenyan prostitutes
have been tested and found to be 100% infected.

   When a man dies in rural Zambia, tribal tradition demands that one of his
male relatives must have sex with the widow — the woman must be “cleansed”
or she will be haunted by the spirit of the dead man.  In a country where up
to 30% of the pe ople are thought to be AIDS virus carriers, the
implications are frightening.  One routine testing of blood donors in Zambia
found that 18% of donors were infected with AIDS.  A VD clinic reported that
33% of their patients had AIDS, and in the Zambi an capital of Lusaka, 23%
of the population are reported to be carrying the AIDS virus.

  An expatriate Zambian doctor says, “We test those who are ill and the
results show that 50% have the virus.  Among the soldiers the rate is
virtually 100%; AIDS could wipe out the entire Zambian army in 10 years.”
Zambian President Kenneth K uanda’s son has died of AIDS, as well as three
of his cabinet ministers, yet, as in almost all African countries, Zambian
leaders, to protect Zambia’s image, reputation, tourism, etc. deny that they
have anything more than a negligible AIDS problem.  Western agencies believe
that AIDS infects 25% of the Zimbabwean population, although the Mugabe
government claims the problem is negligible.  The Zimbabwean economy faces
collapse by the end of the decade.  Malawi has 30-50% of its populatio n
infected and faces extinction as a country during the 1990s.  In Zaire, 27%
of the unmarried women carry the virus.  Incredibly, throughout Africa,
there is the surprisingly widespread belief that AIDS is an invention of the
church aimed at curbing sexual freedom, and that AIDS is a White man’s
disease.

   The most frightening projection of all has come from WHO which believes
that the AIDS virus could claim half of Africa’s population within 10 years.
European researchers believe 50-150 million out of Africa’s 500 million
people are already i nfected with the virus.  The South African AIDS
Economic Research Institute predicts that disease will cause a huge
population vacuum in Central Africa by the mid-1990s, causing all mineral
production to cease.  This is the grotesque picture of a con tinent dying of
AIDS.

  [Editor’s note:  A new strain of AIDS was recently found in Zaire that
kills a cell 1,000 times faster than the standard AIDS virus.  A Zairian
caught the strain, gave it to his wife, who gave it to her lover.  They all
died in one third of t he normal time it takes to die from AIDS.]

  B.  AIDS IN SOUTH AFRICA

  AIDS is wiping out South Africa’s Black population, and within two years
(by 1992) 18% of the African population between the ages of 15 and 60 will
have the disease.  Incredibly, AIDS virus infections in South Afric a are
doubling every 6.4 months.  The AIDS Economic Research Unit predicts that by
the year 2000, 50-70% of Black South Africans will be dead or dying from
AIDS.  AERU says that by 1995, pediatric AIDS will have halted South
Africa’s population growt h and that in a best scenario, 50% of South
Africa’s Blacks would be infected with AIDS between 1996 and 2000.  At
worst, 70% would have AIDS by 2000.

   AIDS has come into South Africa via truck routes from Central Africa,
where 92% of the truck drivers have tested AIDS positive.  These drivers
infect prostitutes in Durban who infect Zulus in Kwazulu and throughout the
Natal Province.  AIDS h as also come into the RSA via hundreds of thousands
of migrant mine workers from Malawi, Mozambique and the Black states to the
north.  it has also entered via ANC terrorists stationed in Zambia.

   Black South African men and women refuse to use condoms or practice
abstinence from extra- or pre-marital sex.  They look at government AIDS
education efforts as a way of controlling the Black population.  At the rate
that South African Black s are presently copulating and spreading the
disease, within 25 years the entire Black population of South Africa could
be 80-100% gone.

 C.  AIDS IN MEXICO AND LATIN AMERICA

   One out of every 200 men in Mexico City between 25 and 45 years of age is
infected with the AIDS virus.  Overall, Mexico has the second highest per
capita rate of AIDS infection in the Western Hemisphere with AIDS cases now
exploding exponentially.  For over a decade, millions of illegal Mexicans
have been pouring into the U.S.  — bringing their AIDS infections with them.
During the immigration amnesty of 1988, a Los Angeles doctor was hired by
the U.S. Immigration Service to test illegals applying for amnesty for AIDS.
He was shocked to find that 5% of those tested were AIDS infected.  The
doctor was told by the CDC: “Your figures are impossible,” and “Don’t bother
calling us again.”

   In Brazil, where AIDS is the worst in the hemisphere, and second worst in
the world, and where AIDS experts widely believe that insects can transmit
AIDS, the AIDS infection rate is doubling every six months (as compared to
very 12 months in the U.S.).  A lethal combination of liberal sexual
practices, widespread poverty, highly infected blood banks, and a highly
inadequate health care system has made Brazil a disaster area for AIDS.  To
make matters worse, a deadly new strain of the vir us (AIDS II) is breaking
out in Brazil.  The crisis in Brazil is compounded by the fact that Brazil
has a very high incidence of bisexual men, and they are already 28% infected
with the virus.

  [Editor’s note:  Another ominous development in Latin America is that the
period from infection to disease, and then from disease to death, is about
half the time experienced in the United States and Europe.  Also, throughout
Latin America, t he onset of AIDS has brought about a dramatic increase in
syphilis, tuberculosis, malaria, leprosy, and dengue fever (which has
increased 1,000-fold in Mexico over the past 15 years).]

   D.  AIDS IN GREAT BRITAIN

  British Health Minister David Mellor warns that 25% of London’s
homosexuals carry the AIDS virus.  Warning that the British AIDS epidemic is
not slowing down, Mellor says that 40% of the AIDS carriers in London hav e
been infected during heterosexual intercourse.  In Ireland, AIDS is now
doubling every seven months.

   E.  AIDS IN CATS

   Researchers at the Nippon Veterinary College in Tokyo have found that out
 of 3,000 cats examined in the Tokyo area, almost 30% were found to be
 infected with feline AIDS.  These were all outdoor cats and presumably the
 AIDS was spread through sexual intercourse and through cat fights.

VI.     GOVERNMENT DECEPTION AND MISMANAGEMENT OF THE AIDS CRISIS

   The severity of the AIDS plague in America is being covered up by the
U.S. government and the CDC, and the disease is being spread even faster by
the government’s bizarre behavior in protecting the “human rights and
privacy” of the infected ( the already dying) instead of those who have not
yet become infected.  And the government’s “safe sex” campaign has misled
tens of millions of people into believing that if condoms are used, AIDS
cannot be transmitted.

  A.  THE AIDS COVER-UP

  The longer the truth is obscured from the public, and the greater the
multitude of innocent  people who die most horribly as a result, the more
ferocious will be the explosion of hatred and revenge against the scient
ists and government officials guilt of perpetrating the deception.”  Dr.
John Seale, British AIDS Researcher.

  The U.S. government and the Center for Disease Control appear to be
deliberately understating the number of people in America who are AIDS
infected, and the growing severity of the  epidemic.  Their only discernable
motive for the cover-up wo uld seem to be to avoid a panic.  But the
understating of the crisis and the disinformation associated with it is
putting tens of millions of complacent Americans, who would otherwise take
steps to protect themselves, at risk.

  In 1986 the CDC (in Atlanta), the official government watchdog of AIDS,
reported that there was between 1 and 1 1/2 million people in the U.S.
infected with AIDS.  Today, the CDC claims that the total number of
Americans infected with the AID S virus is still 1.7 million — almost
unchanged in four years.  Virtually all other AIDS statistics in the private
sector make the present CDC numbers appear ridiculous.  Even the CDC admits
that AIDS has been growing at over 8% per month — which is doubling each
year.  At that growth rate, the total number infected in 1990 (using the
CDC’s 1986 numbers) would be over 10 million people.  Private AIDS
researchers estimate that for every documented case of AIDS, there are 100
million people who ca rry the virus.  That adds up to about 10 million
infected Americans.

   AIDS deaths are being vastly under-reported because of the stigma
associated with AIDS, because of pressure by families, and because of no
laws (with teeth) to force a doctor to accurately report the cause of death.
Many athletes and celebri ties who have died of AIDS are being reported as
having died of cancer, pneumonia, TB, etc.  For an excellent book on the
AIDS cover-up, The AIDS Cover-up by Gene Antonio is recommended.

  B.  CONDOMS DON’T WORK

   The U.S. government, under Reagan’s Surgeon General C. Everett Koop,
 began a campaign in the 1980s advocating so-called “safe sex” as the
 solution to the AIDS plague.  They defined “safe sex” essentially as the
 use of a condom.  There are several problems with this “safe sex via
 condoms” campaign, however:

  1)  Laboratory tests have revealed that four of the nation’s most popular
condom brands permit the AIDS virus to escape.  The study, carried out by
UCLA, conflicts with the government’s AIDS prevention strategy which assumes
that all condoms block the transmission of the AIDS virus with equal
effectiveness.

   The AIDS virus is 0.20 to 0.25 micrometers in size (i.e., a quarter of a
 millionth of a millimeter) and can pass through the condom because it is
 smaller than the pores in the condom.  Condoms have not stopped syphilis or
 pregnancy — and they will not stop AIDS.

   2)  AIDS is transmitted via saliva and therefore via kissing — which is
an integral part of sexual activity.  Evidence is growing rapidly that
saliva may be more contagious than blood.  Condoms do not stop kissing.

   3)  The government’s entire “safe sex campaign via condoms” has actually
encouraged more sexual activity (especially among teenagers).  Many AIDS
infected people now have sex using condoms without even telling their
partners they are infected — and then infect their partners via kissing or
porous (leaky) condoms.

   C.  AIDS CARRIERS CAN NOW LEGALLY IMMIGRATE TO THE U.S.

   Due to liberal and homosexual group pressure, the CDC has recommended the
removal of travel and immigration restrictions for people infected with
AIDS, syphilis, gonorrhea, and leprosy .  Only people infected with
tuberculosis are blocked from entry into America.  The Bush Administration
and the Immigration Department have lifted the restrictions and now millions
of AIDS infected people from Europe, Africa, Haiti, Mexico and Latin America
can no longer be banned from U.S. entry because they carry the AIDS virus or
have the disease.  This is the opposite of a quarantine, which has been used
in past epidemics.

   D.  U.S. GOVERNMENT PROTECTS AIDS INFECTED FOOD HANDLERS

   The U.S.  government and several states have just ruled that it is
illegal to not hire, or to fire a food handler because he (or she) has AIDS.
(Remember, the AIDS virus can be transm itted via coughing, sneezing, or
touching the food if the virus is on the hand.)  The New England Journal of
Medicine recently reported:  “An average of 10% of AIDS carriers reported to
the San Francisco Department of Health were employed as food han dlers in
public establishments...an estimated 60-70% of these food handlers were
homosexual men.”

  It is now a crime not to hire a gay or an AIDS infected person for
preparing or handling food.  As the AIDS epidemic worsens, the restaurant
business will go into a tailspin.

   E.  DISPERSING AIDS TO SMALL TOWN AMERICA — President Bush’s Commission
on AIDS has recommended that because of the economic strain on big city
hospitals, that AIDS infected patients, which cost an average of $800 per
day in a hospital, be mo ved out of the cities and into small communities
around the country.  This relocation program is backed by most big city
mayors and state officials who feel the fiscal and medical facility strain
of the epidemic.

   So, the recommendation is to establish regional centers, or “networks of
 care,” (i.e., AIDS treatment centers) across small-town Americna.  This is
 government quarantining of the plague in reverse.  The moving of hundreds
 of thousands of AIDS victims (many of who have bizarre moral/sexual
 lifestyles) into small towns across America simply guarantees the more
 rapid spread and a more qual distribution of the epidemic.

   F.  GOVERNMENT COVER-UP OF THE DANGER IN THE BLOOD BANKS

   The U.S.  government and the CDC have continually maintained that the
U.S.  blood banks are safe.  That is a lie.  With an incubation period of 3
1/2 to 4 years during which AIDS tests may be invalid (i.e., the test shows
negative even though the AIDS infection is present and transferrable), AIDS
infected blood is constantly being donated.  Private studies indicated that
a person’s chances of becoming infected from a blood transfus ion in America
today still range from one in ten to one in five.

   The CDC estimated in May ’89 that 12,000  people living in the U.S.  have
 been infected with AIDS via contaminated blood transfusions.  (The number
 is about 20% higher today.)  Homosexuals (America’s highest risk group)
 continue to sell plasma to blood collection centers.  Dr. Lorraine Day was
 severely criticized by Bay Area gay groups for pointing out the danger of
 having blood donations in the predominantly gay Castro District of San
 Francisco.  The Journal of the American Medical Assoc iation wrote
 (4/25/90) in a recent study that “more than 23% of 2,921 intravenous drug
 abusers contacted in the Baltimore area in 1988 and ’89 said they had sold
 plasma or donated blood after they began injecting illegal drugs.”

  G.  FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITIES COWER BEFORE AND CATER TO THE GAY
LOBBY

   Because of the alleged political clout of the homosexual lobby, America
has foregone mandatory AIDS testing; quarantining; warnings by doctors,
dentists or med ical personnel to patients that the former are AIDS
infected; the blocking of AIDS victims from entering the U.S.; the blocking
of AIDS infected persons from working around food, etc.  The secrecy
regarding AIDS infection which the homosexual lobby h as pushed to protect
the “human rights” of the gays, has greatly facilitated the spread of the
plague.  For example, California has passed a law which makes it illegal to
tell potential house buyers whether the seller does or does not have AIDS.

   As Lorraine Day found when she tried to warn medical workers of their
danger at San Francisco General Hospital, the gay lobby is completely
paranoid about exposure of most aspects of the disease.  Their top agenda is
to protect gay rights, no t to contain the disease.  As Dr. Day pointed out,
“Twenty years ago there were one thousand people advocating gay rights.  Now
there are  7,000 organizations advocating gay rights.  Not only that, there
are many homosexual and bisexual senators and congressmen who don’t want to
be tested.  They don’t want their wives tested.  They want to remain in the
closet.  And a lot of heterosexual congressmen have paid off their
political debts by hiring gay male assistants.”

   So because of homosexual influence at all government levels, the AIDS
epidemic in America remains the only government protected plague in world
history.

   VII.  WHAT TO DO TO PROTECT YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILY FROM GETTING AIDS

    A few common sense precautions which you might take to lessen the
chances of AIDS exposure for you and your family are:

    A.  ONE MAN/ONE WOMAN

    Heterosexual relationships between one man and one woman is the best way
 to avoid sexual infection with the AIDS virus.  Because of AIDS
 contamination of saliva, kissing strangers or people who do not have a 100%
 clean background can be a high risk activity.  Traditional dating, kissing,
 necking, etc. can now be considered high risk activity for a teenager, and
 so the background and track record of those people teenagers date in high
 school or college (or when old er singles date or marry) should be known
 and should be very clean.

    B.  AVOID HIGHLY CONGESTED AREAS -

   (i.e., crowded subways, enclosed areas with large crowds, etc.) as much
as possible.  As time goes by, it will become widely understood that
coughing and sneezing (as with any other virus) can cause infectio n with
the AIDS virus.  The greater and more confined the crowd, the greater your
exposure.

   C.  WASH YOUR HANDS FREQUENTLY

   Wash your hands thoroughly before all meals, snacks, eating popcorn,
sandwiches, etc.  When in public places (i.e., airports, shopping centers,
on buses, trains, sports stadiums, etc.) wash your hands frequent ly with
hot water and soap and especially before touching your eyes, ears, nose,
mouth or any other mucous membrane.  This should also be done if you have
shaken hands with other people.  Always wash your hands before going to the
toilet as well as a fter.  Remember the AIDS virus can live on a dry surface
for 10 days (probably longer).  If an AIDS carrier sneezes on his hand,
places that hand on a rail (i.e., an escalator) and you place your hand on
that spot and then rub your eyes or put your f inger in your mouth, you may
have just infected yourself with AIDS.  Money can also be contaminated.

    D.  ALWAYS COVER A TOILET SEAT WITH PAPER

   If the AIDS virus can survive for 10 days on a dry surface, it can
survive on a toilet seat.  Avoid direct contact between your skin and the
seat.  Flush the commode with your foot.

   E.  AVOID RESTAURANTS THAT EMPLOY HIGH RISK GROUPS

   Homosexuals are frequently employed in restaurants as cooks, waiters,
busboys, or food handlers.  Try to ascertain which one employ gays and avoid
these.  A high percentage of such employee s (probably over half) are likely
to already carry the virus and therefore to be infectious.  Ethnic
restaurants such as Arab, Chinese, Jewish, Japanese, etc. generally do not
employ homosexuals and are probably safer.  Waiters should be washing thei r
hands between serving different customers and should be required to wash
their hands frequently.  It is now illegal for a restaurant not to hire a
gay or an AIDS carrier, but it is not illegal for you to avoid that
restaurant.

  F.  DO NOT LET PEOPLE KISS YOUR CHILDREN OR YOU

  Friendly non-sexual greeting kisses should be avoided because of infected
saliva.  Instead, shake hands.

  G.   AVOID PUBLIC HOT TUBS, STEAM BATHS, SAUNAS

  The AIDS virus can live in a warm, wet environment indefinitely.  Hot tubs
in exercise clubs or spas bubble the water, and often water will splash into
a person’s mouth or eyes — it also soaks into small cuts or abrasions.  In a
steam bath, you breathe the steam.  If an AIDS carrier has coughed or
sneezed, that aerosol is in the steam for you to breathe.  People sweat
profusely in steam baths and saunas and if you contact wet or dry sweat that
is infected, you could pick up the virus.

   H.  USE GLOVES IN PUBLIC EXERCISE OR WEIGHT FACILITIES

   Weight lifters sweat and that sweat, wet or dry, on the weights or
exercise equipment (i.e., Nautilus) can carry the infectious AIDS virus
which you pick up on your own hands.  A long s leeve sweatshirt is also
advisable as well as the use of thongs in showers.

   I.  AVOID PUBLIC SWIMMING POOLS FREQUENTED BY HIGH RISK GROUPS OR LARGE
            CROWDS

   Chlorine will not kill the AIDS virus.  Private swimming pools are
preferable.

   J.  AVOID SALAD BARS

    Everyone (including AIDS carriers) uses the same serving utensils and
many salad bars are uncovered so that an infected AIDS carrier could cough
or sneeze on the food.

   K.  AVOID STICKING PENCILS, FINGERS OR OTHER OBJECTS IN YOUR MOUTH

   If you must, wash or boil them first.

   L.  ALL MEAT SHOULD BE COOKED TO 169 DEGREES TO KILL ANY VIRUS

   If a cow is bitten by an AIDS infected mosquito, the virus can be in the
meat.  Likewise if a milk cow is bitten, the virus can be transmitted
through the milk, just as a human mother’s milk can transmit the AIDS virus
to her baby.  (Pasteurized milk is only heated to 142 degrees).

  M.  IN HOTELS/MOTELS — AVOID TAKING BATHS — TAKE SHOWERS INSTEAD

  Bath tubs are often not well cleaned from the last occupant.

  N.  AIRLINES TEND TO HAVE HIGH NUMBERS OF GAYS WORKING AS STEWARDS AND
SERVING FOOD

 Either refrain from eating (the food is usually bad) or order a vegetarian
meal in advance — which usually comes wrapped in Saran Wrap.  Forego ice in
drinks.  It is often touched by human hands.

  O.  AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE, AVOID HIGH RISK TRANSMISSION AREAS

  Discos, night clubs, public swimming pools, jacuzzis, highly crowded areas
such as subways, etc.  Avoid sitting next to people who are coughing or
sneezing repeatedly.

  P.  A NUTRITIONAL DIET, VITAMINS AND FOOD SUPPLEMENTS, ADEQUATE REST AND
EXERCISE, REDUCTION OF STRESS AND GOOD HYGIENE

  Will help to keep the body detoxified and the immune system up.  If your
immune system is strong enough, you can be expo sed to the virus and not
become infected.

   Q.  SOURCES FOR KEEPING UP-TO-DATE ON THE AIDS EPIDEMIC

   Two excellent newsletters exist which monitor medical research and
publications all over the world regarding the AIDS crisis.  These two
publications are a great way to stay up with mu ch of what is being written
on AIDS all over the world.  They are:  The Cutting Edge and AIDS FAX.  Both
are published by Dr. William Campbell Douglass, P.O. Box 1568, Clayton, GA
30525, or call toll free 1-800-227-6269.

   Isolation from people is a form of protection from AIDS but is
impractical.  Nevertheless, as the virus takes on pandemic proportions,
people in small towns, rural areas, or farms will be much safer than people
in large cities.  Associate wit h highly moral, straight, perhaps even
highly religious individuals who have a very clean lifestyle.  The risk of
AIDS infections will be greatly reduced.  And remember, you cannot count on
the government, your doctor, or the medical system to protec t you from
AIDS.  They are in some ways as much a part of the problem as they are the
solution.  Use your own common sense precautions and pray for protection for
you and your family.

Lancet Report Footnotes:

1.      Spire B, Dormont D, Barré-Sinoussi F, Montagnier L, Chermann J.C.
        “Inactivation of lymphadenopathy associated virus by heat, gamma
        rays, and ultraviolet light.”  Lancet, 1985.
2.      Barré-Sinoussi F, Nugeyre  MR, Girard M, Tron F, Chermann J.C.
        “Laboratory and scrological studies argue against possible
        transmission of AIDS by hepatitis B vaccine.” Lancet, 1985.
3.      Barré-Sinoussi F, Chermann J.C., Rey F, et al.  “Isolation of a T-
        lymphotropic retrovirus from a patient at risk for acquired immune
        deficiency syndrome (AIDS).”  Science, 1983.
4.      Spire B, Barré-Sinoussi F, Montagnier L, et al.  “Inactivation of
        lymphadenopathy associated virus by chemical disinfectants.”
        Lancet, 1984.
