  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄ¿ ÚÄ¿  The FINEST Adult Erotic Fiction  ³Û
  ³À¿ ÚÄ¿ ³ À¿ ÚÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ÀÄ¿ ÚÄÙ ³ ³ ³ ³     Currently Available From :    ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³  ³ ³  ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³   ³ ³   ³ ÀÄÙ ³				     ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³  ³ ³  ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ÀÄ¿ ÚÄÙ  Gateway-RYE BROOK (914)934-8125  ³Û
  ³ÚÙ ÀÄÙ ³ ÚÙ À¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿   ³ ³     ³ ³				     ³Û
  ³ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ   ÀÄÙ     ÀÄÙ The French Connection (914)344-1255 ³Û
  ³ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄ¿   ÚÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿	       ÚÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄ·  ÚÄ·    ³Û
  ³À¿ ÚÄ¿ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³   ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÄÙ(tm)    Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼ Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼ Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼    ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³ ³ ³ÚÄ¿³ ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿		Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼	 Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼	  Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼     ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³³ ³³ ³ ³ ³ À¿ ³		ÚÙÉ¸Ó·	 ÚÙÉ¸Ó·	  ÚÙÉ¸Ó·     ³Û
  ³ÚÙ ÀÄÙ ³ ³ ³	 ³ ³ ³ ÀÙ ÀÙ ³ ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³	       ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó· ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó· ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó·    ³Û
  ³ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ	 ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ	       ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼ ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼ ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼    ³Û
  ³					     NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO PERSONS ³Û
  ³						UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OLD.    ³Û
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙÛ
   ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
     Dirty Dawg is PLEASED to offer the following story for your enjoyment:
     ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
     º	 STORY TITLE	  : "The Monkey's Paw"				  ºÛ
     º	 BBS FILE TITLE	  : AMANDA03.ZIP				  ºÛ
     º	 CATEGORY/GENRE	  : Incest					  ºÛ
     º	 LEWDNESS LEVEL	  : Maximum					  ºÛ
     ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼Û
       ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³		     ÚÄÄÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ³	 Ó· ³ º ³ ÖÄÄ¿ º ÀÄ¿ ÖÄ½ ³ ÖÄÄÄ½ ÚÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ³ Ç¿ Ó·³ º ³ º  ³ º   ³ º	 ³ ÓÄ·	 ÀÄ½		       ³
 ³		     ³ ºÀ¿ Ó´ º ³ º  ³ º   ³ º	 ³ ÖÄ½			       ³
 ³		     ³ º À¿   º ³ ÓÄÄÙ º   ³ º	 ³ ÓÄÄÄ· ÚÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ÀÄ½  ÀÄÄÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ½   ÀÄ½	 ÀÄÄÄÄÄ½ ÀÄ½		       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³This text file contains material of an adult, explicit SEXUAL nature. If you ³
 ³ are offended by sexually explicit content and language, then please DO NOT  ³
 ³  read this text file and remove it from your system. This first screen is   ³
 ³provided as a service to sensitive readers that do not wish to be exposed to ³
 ³			   sexually explicit material.			       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³  If you have downloaded this file of your own free will, or have come into  ³
 ³    posession of this information via another means, it is your personal     ³
 ³ responsibility to see that no one under the age of 18 reads this document,  ³
 ³    or has access to a system that can retrieve or display this material.    ³
 ³  Further, you are not to discuss it, the contents, or the descriptions it   ³
 ³		    contains to a minor under the age of 17.		       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³ Failure to do so, or to offer this material to a minor for either monetary  ³
 ³    consideration or not is a violation of the New York State Penal Code,    ³
 ³    Section 235.21, 'Disseminating indecent material to minors,' and is a    ³
 ³	     Class "E" Felony, punishable by a fine and a jail term.	       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³   This text file is a work of FICTION. All names, places, characters and    ³
 ³ situations are products of the author's imagination. Any similarity to any  ³
 ³ persons, places, indiviuals or situations is purely coincidental. In those  ³
 ³  cases where the text is presented as a "True Story," all names and places  ³
 ³	    have been changed to protect the privacy of the subjects.	       ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 Safety Note :

     Several readers have commented that Dirty Dawg stories promote unsafe
     sexual practices, as none of the characters in these stories ever use
     condoms or any other forms of birth control.

     My reaction to this...accusation is twofold. Firstly, Dirty Dawg
     stories exist in a universe completely seperate from the one the
     rest of us currently inhabit. Dirty Dawg Adult Erotica is designed
     to facilitate a wonderfully complex, diverse and exciting fantasy
     world where all things are possible. Towards that end, AIDS, Herpes,
     and other forms of Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs) do not exist
     in this universe. Likewise, no one gets pregnant in Dirty Dawg
     stories unless they make a concious decision to. In an age where
     almost everything is bad for you, and sex has turned from a pleasurable
     activity into Russian roulette, it's nice to see a place where people
     can make love, have sex, and just plain fuck without having to stop,
     take a sexual history, and put a piece of rubber on to continue.

     To the critics that say that teaching unsafe sexual practices to
     children is a crime in and of itself, I say this: No one under the
     age of 18, (21 in the states where it applies,) should be reading
     this material under ANY circumstances. The only way material of this
     kind can fall into the hands of children is because of users too
     casual about what they keep on their computer, or who don't care
     what their children read. Perhaps even some of the blame rests with
     SYSOPs who don't validate users well enough. This is ADULT material,
     and any ADULT who has sex without a condom is risking his or her own
     life as well as the life of their partner.

     That said, let's continue with the story. Have fun, and please, if
     you have any comments, questions, suggestions, or just plain
     complaints, please don't hesitate to leave me mail where you got
     this story from. If I don't have a user account on the system that
     you obtained this story from, you can get me on the BBSs listed at
     the header of this file.

     Enjoy!





=============================================================================


		The Story Thus Far :  After seducing her father to fuck her on
the kitchen floor, sixteen year-old Amanda convinced her father to invite some
of his poker buddies over for an afternoon of group sex and anal lust. Even
this, however, was not enough to satisfy the itch between little Amanda's legs.
While her father cleaned out Amanda's well used asshole in the shower after
the afternoon Poke-Her party, Amanda told her father about this next exciting
adventure: Taking on an entire barroom of men, in full public view. This is
Part I of the continuing adventures of Amanda, America's Sexiest Slut.


	Three days later, after my asshole had shrunk back to its original
size and my cunt stopped throbbing every time I sat down, I decided that it
was time to go to The Monkey's Paw, a local dive and biker bar. I knew that I
would find the kind of men that I needed there; men that wouldn't be afraid to
give me what I needed, again and again, in every hole I had.
	I had spent the days in between the afternoon poker party and today
mostly between my father's legs, nursing on his cock like a baby with a bottle.
While we watched TV at night, I would sit with my head in Daddy's lap, softly
licking and sucking his cock, drawing his erection out over several hours until
he was shaking with arousal and the desire to fill my hot, wet mouth with his
delicious, creamy cum. For variety, I would lick his asshole before he went to
bed every night.
	Daddy told me that he's been sleeping a lot better these days. Well...
duh!, right?
	Anyway, I told Daddy that tonight was the night. He was free to come
and watch me, and even participate if he wanted. I warned him that it might be
brutal and a little hard to watch, his own daughter taking anyone and everyone
on stretched over a pool table in a dark, dank bar. He looked at me with the
same lust I had grown accustomed to and said low, under his breath, "I wouldn't
miss it for the world, you sexy little slut." I kissed him and went to prepare.
	First, I took a long, hot bath, using some scented oils to make my
skin soft and fragrent. A little glycerin in the bath made my skin baby soft. I
chose what to wear with care, knowing that my first impression had to send a
very specific message: Here was a woman with a hot cunt and ass and mouth,
looking for each to be plugged all night long. Towards that end I chose my
six inch white spike heels. I'd practiced walking around the house wearing
nothing but the shoes, (and I do mean nothing BUT,) watching the way the
shoes made my legs look longer and the way they gave my ass an enticing little
wiggle. Long black seamed stockings, the very same ones that I had worn during
that poker party, a garter belt, no panties (of course!) and the white leather
minidress and I was complete. The dress hugged my ample (36C) clevage, showing
the tops of my creamy sixteen year-old breasts to their best advantage.
	The dress had a zipper with two tabs. The dress could be opened
completely, to offer both my lower holes easily, or left closed to inspire some
mystery. I lowered the zipper from the top so that the sides of my firm little
titties could easily be seen.
	I tied my long blonde hair into a ponytail. I loved the way it bounced
when I was on my knees sucking cock, and men loved to use it as a handle to
guide my sucking mouth. Plus, it made me look that much younger, and yes, just
that much nastier.
	Some perfume between my tits, some behind the knees, a dab on each
wrist and behind each ear and I was ready to go. Just looking at myself in the
full length mirror bolted to my closet door made my clit throb. I gave into
the temptation and fell back on the bed, putting some pillows behind my head
so I could watch myself in the mirror as I furiously frigged myself off, my
own cunt cream adding to the perfume that came from a bottle. Two wracking
climaxes later I was ready to go on the hunt for some cockmeat.
	Coming downstairs, I was surprised to find my father dressed like a
lowlife. He'd dug an old pair of jeans out of a drawer, jeans so old that the
seat was faded to near transparancy. Tucked into the waistband of his jeans
was the oldest, rattiest undershit Daddy owned. He'd slicked his hair back
with some kind of hair goo, and he didn't look like my father at all. He looked
mean and evil and just a bit dangerous. He looked at me walking down the stairs
and I noticed he had a sudden tightening in the crotch of his jeans.
	I stood before him and twirled on my heels for his inspection. Daddy
smiled at me, leaned in and gave me a sloppy kiss on the mouth, running one of
his hands in the side of my leather dress to tease my heavy breast. He tugged
at the nipple and bolts of pure arousal shot straight to my cunt.
	"A quick one, before we go?" he asked.
	"Sorry, Daddy. Tonight you just get to watch. But," I added, "if you're
lucky, maybe I'll let you suck the cum out of my pussy later tonight!" He
grinned at me and lightly slapped my leather clad ass. I giggled, and we left
the house for The Monkey's Paw.

* * * * * * * * * *

	The bar was dark and dank and smelled of stale sweat and old smoke. I
entered first. Daddy would wait in the car for about ten minutes, and then
follow me in. At first, we didn't want anyone to know we were together. The
bouncer looked at me for a second, probably thinking to ask me for ID. The
bartender caught my eye, and I smiled and waved as if I knew him, and the
bouncer's decision was made; if the owner caught a man-magnet like me being
turned away, representing perhaps the dozens of drinks that the men would buy
me, the bouncer would be bounced himself.
	I made my way to the bar, making sure to put an extra wiggle in my
walk. I gave the bar a once-over, checking out the action. Perhaps ten people,
some playing pool, others sitting alone at the bar drinking quietly. At a
small table in the back three biker types shared a pitcher of beer and were
leaning over the table, talking to each other. Every so often one of the
bikers would laugh out loud.
	The laugh sounded evil to my ears.
	The laugh sounded wonderful to my cunt.
	I perched my tightly-clad, leather covered-butt on a barstool and made
as much of a show out of crossing my legs as I could. Every eye on the place
was locked onto my long pins. Once my legs were crossed, I relaxed my toes,
letting the heel of my shoe pop off so I could tap it. I knew the effect it
would have; everything about this night was timing and planning and playacting.
	"Help 'ya?" the bartender asked.
	"Sex on the beach," I ordered, drawing the words out. The bartender
appraised me for a long moment, probably thinking along the same lines as the
bouncer had. In the end, my eventual effect on the till overrode any problems
he might have had with my age. I didn't think I looked THAT young.
	"Sure." A moment later he was back with the drink. I moved to open my
purse, but the bartender waved a hand over the bar, palm down. "It's taken
care of. The gentleman at the end of the bar." I looked down to see a thirtyish
man, wearing a blue-button down shirt and glasses, wave at me. I smiled and
nodded at him, thanking him silently for the drink. The ritual completed, the
man stood and walked over to where I was sitting.
	The man sat down next to me and offered his hand. "Joe. They call me
Big Joe." I reached down and tested the heft in his pants. "I can see why,
Joe."
	Joe smiled a long, wide smile and made no move to remove my hand. "Got
a quarter, Joe? I wanna play some music." I'd noticed a jukebox in the corner
when I walked in. He dug in his pants and returned with a handful of change.
He dumped it into my hands, never taking his eyes off me.
	I sauntered over to the jukebox and fed it the money. I selected a few
slow tunes and stood on the makeshift dance floor, waiting for the music to
start. The Righteous Brothers came on, crooning about loving feelings. I held
my arms out to Joe, still at the bar, and made dancing motions. In a flash he
was in my arms.
	We danced slowly, me grinding my hips against him. His hands slipped
down to my tight ass, and when I didn't remove his hands he began cupping the
cheeks of my taut little butt, pulling me against his groin. In my heels, my
head rested against his shoulder. I turned my face in and began licking the
skin of his neck, trailing my little pink tongue up to his ears.
	His cock was straining against the material of his pants. I could feel
the heat through both of our clothes, and I couldn't wait to drop to my knees
and feel his cock in my mouth. First things first, though. I turned my head
out as we danced through the song, checking out my effect on the rest of the
bar. The pool game had stopped dead, with both participants watching Joe and
me with open envy. The bartender had been polishing the same glass for the
entire song. The bikers were silent, also watching us.
	It was time.
	"You know what I'd like, Joe?"
	"What?"
	"A taste of your cock." In an instant he was pulling at me, trying to
propell me out of the bar. I stood my ground and he looked back at me,
confusion written all over his face.
	"Don't go. I think everyone else would like to see this, too." Joe's
expression turned from confused to downright baffled. I dropped to my knees
and grimced at the hard contact of the floor. My face was even with Joe's
crotch, and I wasted no time in tugging down his zipper and extracting his
erect cock.
	It was a nice thick one, about as big around as a beer bottle. Very
tasty looking. I licked my lips slowly and moistly, looking up at Joe as I
did. "This is gonna taste great, Joe, I just know it." I started softly sucking
on the head of his dick, taking a little more with each bob of my head. My
ponytail had the planned effect, my blonde hair bouncing with my trips up and
down Joe's cock.
	Reaching a hand inside my dress, I flopped one breast out and began
tweaking the nipple with my free hand, bringing it hard and erect in seconds.
The thrills were shooting down my spine and directly into my cunt. The act was
one thing, but the very thought that I was on my knees, sucking the cock of a
strange man in front of a roomful of strangers had me creaming my thighs with
cunt honey in seconds. I felt so wonderfully dirty, so completely slutty.
	Just then the door leading to the parking lot opened, casting a beam
of late afternoon sunlight across the bar. My father stepped in and then
stopped short when he saw what was happening.
	I popped Joe's dick out of my mouth. "C'mon in...we're just getting
started. The more the merrier." My father gulped once or twice, and then
continued into the bar.
	I returned my attention to Joe's dick, sliding my wet mouth up and
down his cock with faster and faster strokes. "I'm gonna cum!" he warned. I
popped his cock out of my mouth again and whispered, "Go ahead. Come on me!
I love it." He grunted and blew. I directed his cum stream down, between my
breasts. The feel of his sticky, slimy jisim coating my skin, causing the
leather to stick to my abdomen, flooding my cleavage with his warmth drove me
to a miniclimax.
	Joe stepped away from me, zipping up. I looked over at the table full
of bikers and knew what I wanted next. Walking over to them, I stood in front
of the table with my hands on my hips, one leg cocked provacatively forward.
	"Ok, who's next?"
	The largest biker reached out one huge paw and corraled me into his
lap. I wrapped my arms around his neck and grunted with happiness as he wormed
a thick, greasy finger into my tight little cunt. I felt the table being moved
away, and suddenely another pair of hands came around my back and started
fondling my heavy, swinging tits through my dress. The guy with his finger in
my cunt reached underneath me, cupping my ass with his huge hands, and lifted
my cunt directly into his face. I squealed and locked my thighs around his head
as the guy behind me began pulling on my nipples.
	The third biker laughed and groped his cock through his pants. "Oh
girlie, you don't know what you got yourself into tonight!"
	I just moaned at him, sure I knew what I was doing. But then he
dropped the bombshell, the announcement that would change my life forever.
"We're DeathHeads, you see. And tonight, we're holding initiation for a few
new members here in the bar. Six new members as a matter of fact. Along with
the rest of the guys, in about half an hour there's gonna be sixty guys in
this bar, and if you don't watch it, you're gonna get fucked by every one of
them."
	As I arched my cunt into the biker's face and exploded into climax,
I wondered if perhaps this time I had gotten in over my head.
	Oh well. That's what makes life interesting, right?

