  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄ¿ ÚÄ¿  The FINEST Adult Erotic Fiction  ³Û
  ³À¿ ÚÄ¿ ³ À¿ ÚÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ÀÄ¿ ÚÄÙ ³ ³ ³ ³     Currently Available From :    ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³  ³ ³  ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³   ³ ³   ³ ÀÄÙ ³				     ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³  ³ ³  ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ÀÄ¿ ÚÄÙ  Gateway-RYE BROOK (914)934-8125  ³Û
  ³ÚÙ ÀÄÙ ³ ÚÙ À¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿   ³ ³     ³ ³				     ³Û
  ³ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ   ÀÄÙ     ÀÄÙ The French Connection (914)344-1255 ³Û
  ³ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄ¿   ÚÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿	       ÚÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄ·  ÚÄ·    ³Û
  ³À¿ ÚÄ¿ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³   ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÄÙ(tm)    Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼ Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼ Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼    ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³ ³ ³ÚÄ¿³ ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿		Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼	 Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼	  Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼     ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³³ ³³ ³ ³ ³ À¿ ³		ÚÙÉ¸Ó·	 ÚÙÉ¸Ó·	  ÚÙÉ¸Ó·     ³Û
  ³ÚÙ ÀÄÙ ³ ³ ³	 ³ ³ ³ ÀÙ ÀÙ ³ ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³	       ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó· ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó· ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó·    ³Û
  ³ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ	 ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ	       ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼ ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼ ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼    ³Û
  ³					     NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO PERSONS ³Û
  ³						UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OLD.    ³Û
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙÛ
   ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
     Dirty Dawg is PLEASED to offer the following story for your enjoyment:

     ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
     º	 STORY TITLE	  :"Poke-Her Party"				  ºÛ
     º	 BBS FILE TITLE	  :AMANDA02.ZIP					  ºÛ
     º	 CATEGORY/GENRE	  :Incest					  ºÛ
     º	 LEWDNESS LEVEL	  :Maximum					  ºÛ
     ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼Û
       ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³		     ÚÄÄÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ³	 Ó· ³ º ³ ÖÄÄ¿ º ÀÄ¿ ÖÄ½ ³ ÖÄÄÄ½ ÚÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ³ Ç¿ Ó·³ º ³ º  ³ º   ³ º	 ³ ÓÄ·	 ÀÄ½		       ³
 ³		     ³ ºÀ¿ Ó´ º ³ º  ³ º   ³ º	 ³ ÖÄ½			       ³
 ³		     ³ º À¿   º ³ ÓÄÄÙ º   ³ º	 ³ ÓÄÄÄ· ÚÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ÀÄ½  ÀÄÄÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ½   ÀÄ½	 ÀÄÄÄÄÄ½ ÀÄ½		       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³This text file contains material of an adult, explicit SEXUAL nature. If you ³
 ³ are offended by sexually explicit content and language, then please DO NOT  ³
 ³  read this text file and remove it from your system. This first screen is   ³
 ³provided as a service to sensitive readers that do not wish to be exposed to ³
 ³			   sexually explicit material.			       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³  If you have downloaded this file of your own free will, or have come into  ³
 ³    posession of this information via another means, it is your personal     ³
 ³ responsibility to see that no one under the age of 18 reads this document,  ³
 ³    or has access to a system that can retrieve or display this material.    ³
 ³  Further, you are not to discuss it, the contents, or the descriptions it   ³
 ³		    contains to a minor under the age of 17.		       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³ Failure to do so, or to offer this material to a minor for either monetary  ³
 ³    consideration or not is a violation of the New York State Penal Code,    ³
 ³    Section 235.21, 'Disseminating indecent material to minors,' and is a    ³
 ³	     Class "E" Felony, punishable by a fine and a jail term.	       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³   This text file is a work of FICTION. All names, places, characters and    ³
 ³ situations are products of the author's imagination. Any similarity to any  ³
 ³ persons, places, indiviuals or situations is purely coincidental. In those  ³
 ³  cases where the text is presented as a "True Story," all names and places  ³
 ³	    have been changed to protect the privacy of the subjects.	       ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 Safety Note :

     Several readers have commented that Dirty Dawg stories promote unsafe
     sexual practices, as none of the characters in these stories ever use
     condoms or any other forms of birth control.

     My reaction to this...accusation is twofold. Firstly, Dirty Dawg
     stories exist in a universe completely seperate from the one the
     rest of us currently inhabit. Dirty Dawg Adult Erotica is designed
     to facilitate a wonderfully complex, diverse and exciting fantasy
     world where all things are possible. Towards that end, AIDS, Herpes,
     and other forms of Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs) do not exist
     in this universe. Likewise, no one gets pregnant in Dirty Dawg
     stories unless they make a concious decision to. In an age where
     almost everything is bad for you, and sex has turned from a pleasurable
     activity into Russian roulette, it's nice to see a place where people
     can make love, have sex, and just plain fuck without having to stop,
     take a sexual history, and put a piece of rubber on to continue.

     To the critics that say that teaching unsafe sexual practices to
     children is a crime in and of itself, I say this: No one under the
     age of 18, (21 in the states where it applies,) should be reading
     this material under ANY circumstances. The only way material of this
     kind can fall into the hands of children is because of users too
     casual about what they keep on their computer, or who don't care
     what their children read. Perhaps even some of the blame rests with
     SYSOPs who don't validate users well enough. This is ADULT material,
     and any ADULT who has sex without a condom is risking his or her own
     life as well as the life of their partner.

     That said, let's continue with the story. Have fun, and please, if
     you have any comments, questions, suggestions, or just plain
     complaints, please don't hesitate to leave me mail where you got
     this story from. If I don't have a user account on the system that
     you obtained this story from, you can get me on the BBSs listed at
     the header of this file.

     Enjoy!




=============================================================================


	I smiled at Daddy through the sheen of his cum on my face and made a
big show of licking the last remnents of his slime off of my fingers. I
sighed and leaned back on the kitchen floor, rubbing my pussy. "God, that
felt great!" I groaned. "But I'm still horny!"
	"Want me to suck you out, little girl?" Daddy's voice was harsh and
hoarse with passion. He could see the winking lips of my little cunt under
my fingers.
	"No. I want you to do something else for me, Daddy. Something wicked
and nasty."
	"What?"
	"I want you to call Fred, Bill and Ted. Tell them that your regular
Thursday Night poker game has been rescheduled for this afternoon. Only, we
won't be playing poker, Daddy. We'll be playing Poke-Her."
	Daddy's face split into an evil grin and he stood. Disappearing into
the living room, I could hear him on the phone. "You won't regret it, Fred."
was the last thing I heard him say before I went upstairs to shower and
change.

 * * * * * * * * * *

	An hour later, I returned downstairs to find my father and his three
friends involved in the poker game. Bill and Ted didn't look that happy, being
dragged away from their regular Sunday afternoon golf game to play poker with
the same guys they played with every Thursday night. Well, I would change that.
I stopped in the front hall and checked myself out once more before I made my
entrance.
	I had chosen to look as slutty as possible, (which, actually, was how
I normally looked,) and the black leather microminiskirt helped that effect
along. Four-inch heels fed into black seamed stockings held up by a garter belt
made my legs look long and delicious. The white tank-top that I had chosen to
sheath my braless tits hugged my flesh, my nipples poking through the fabric.
I looked hot enough to eat. And to fuck. And to suck and lick and bite...
or whatever else came to their dirty little minds.
	I breezed into the living room, waving a cheery hello to the men and
took my seat on the couch. I grabbed the TV guide and started reading. I had
positioned myself so that Fred, if he looked just right, could see up my
skirt and into the pink, wet crevice between my legs. I pretended to ignore the
men as I worked the easy TV guide crossword.
	This little charade went on for about ten minutes. I absently scratched
one tit when Ted was looking directly at me. My nipples responded to my touch
and pushed harder against the fabric of my tanktop. I heard Ted's sudden intake
of breath and knew that I almost had him. I coughed twice, my signal to Daddy
that things were progressing. Daddy was about to say something when Bill spoke.
	"Your little girl is quite a woman, Dan."
	My father grinned and looked over at me. "She sure is. She's got the
boys all sniffing around her these days." Looking over at me, Daddy said,
"Amanda, honey? Would you be a dear and get us all a beer?"
	I looked over at my father and smiled, putting the TV guide down on
the coffee table. Sitting there, leaning over, my tits all but spilling out of
my tanktop and my legs spread, showing everyone in the room my pink little cunt,
I knew that I had their undivided attention.
	Returning to the living room a few moments later with the beer bottles
on a tray, I put my plan into motion. Just stripping off my clothes and sitting
my tender little ass down on the poker table might have achieved the desired
results, but it might also have scared the men off. A little more (not much,
but a little) subtlely was required.
	I walked over to Daddy and bent over as I placed the beer bottle in
front of him. The material of my skirt was drawn tightly across my ass, and
out of the corner of my eye I could see Bill trying hard to look without looking
like he was looking. The black leather creeped up my ass as I bent down to give
my father a little kiss on the lips. My mouth opened and I gave him just the
tip of my tounge for a second before standing up and tugging the skirt down over
my ass with my free hand.
	Bill was next. I leaned over him, resting my tits on his back as I
placed the beer in front of him. A slight rub with my tits across his back
gave me the pleasure of feeling him inhale sharply. I knew that Bill was up
for whatever I wanted.
	Ted was next. He looked at me hungrily as I leaned down with his beer.
I made a planned mistake and spilled some in his lap. "Oh, I'm sorry!" I gushed.
I grabbed a napkin off the tray and started wiping at the wet spot I had made
in his crotch. He let me wipe at his dick for a few moments, then pushed my
hand away. "I got it," he said softly.
	"Sorry," I whispered.
	"Amanda," my father said sharply. "That was not a nice thing to do. I
want you to apologize to Ted."
	"I'm sorry, Ted."
	"That's not enough," my father said. I could hear the huskiness creep
back into his voice. So it was going to be Ted.
	"That's OK, Dan. She didn't mean it."
	"Oh, but I did." I said softly. Ted looked at me in surprise.
	"Excuse me?"
	"Well, how else was I going to find out how big your dick is?"
	Needless to say, you could have heard a pin drop in that room. "Well,
Amanda," my father said, "If you want to see how big Ted's dick is...take it
out!"
	I grinned over my shoulder at my father and dropped to my knees.
Leaning in over Ted's lap I pulled at his zipper. For some reason, I had a
little difficulty getting the metal tab of his zipper over the bulge in Ted's
pants. I can't imagine why.
	Ted's dick poppped into view, and I gave a little pleased gasp. About
six inches long, it was very thick, with a throbbing, red tip. "It's so cute!"
I squealed. "Can I kiss it?"
	Ted was speechless, looking down at me holding his dick with one soft
hand. "S-s-s-ure," he stammered.
	I locked my green eyes with his brown ones and slowly lowered my face
until he could feel my hot, moist breath on his cock head. My little pink
tongue poked from between my lips and I very slowly, very deliberately licked
the head of his penis.
	Ted shuddered and a little drop of precum ooozed out of his dick. I
tasted it. It was delicious. Cooing with delight I opened my mouth and dropped
my head over his cock, instantly bathing it with hot, wet saliva. Ted groaned
and thrust his hips into my face, forcing his cock into my throat. I started
bobbing my head in his lap, taking the full length of his delicious cock with
every stroke.
	"So good," Ted moaned. "So hot and wet." I giggled with delight and
started moving faster. My plan was to blow all the men except Daddy, that way
they would be able to last longer when we got down to the main event. I wanted
three cocks inside me at once, and if they all blew too soon, then my fun would
be over!
	Ted didn't take long. About thirty seconds after I started sucking his
tasty little cock he gripped the sides of my head and pumped a load of cum
across my tongue and down my throat. I lapped happily at the taste, loving the
creamy warmth in my mouth. Finished, I leaned back and made a show of licking
my lips for any stray strands of cum and swallowing what I found.
	"Who's next?" I said.
	"Well," Daddy said, "Why don't we do this? The winner of this hand gets
to have my daughter suck his dick. That all right with everyone?"
	Three silent heads nodded. "Ted, since you've already sampled my little
girl's charms, you're out of this hand." Ted just nodded and folded his cards
over.
	Bill and Fred looked at each other like mortal combatants in a fight
to the death. My father said, "Ok, we're at the last raise. I bet my daughter's
mouth."
	Bill looked at my father. "I'll see that."
	"I'll see that wrapped around my fucking dick," Fred grinned, turning
his cards over. "Full boat, Aces over eights."
	"The death hand," my father remarked idily. "Well, sorry, 'ol buddy.
I got four tens." My father turned up the four cards and smiled, reaching
for his zipper.
	"Not so fast, Dan, my man." Bill said slyly. "The one time in my life
I've ever gotten this hand, and by Jesus, I love the pot. Straight flush. Three
of spades low." Spread out in front of Bill were the three, four, five, six and
seven of spades. "I win."
	I smiled and walked over to where Bill was sitting. He pushed away from
the table and unzipped his pants. I moved to stay his hands. "Let me do that."
I tugged his dick out and smiled at him. It was another sturdy little six-
incher. Something I would absolutely adore having in my hot, sucking mouth. "I
just have one question, Bill."
	"What would that be?"
	"How do you want it? Slow and soft and wet and warm, or fast and hard
and deep?"
	"Slow, sweet baby. Slow as slow can be."
	"Mmmmmm. Just the way I like it. But I'm gonna get a mite more
comfortable first." I pulled my tanktop up so my breasts were visible, but
not completely off. I've learned in my four years of fucking that men like that
half-dressed, ready to fuck in a moment's notice look. It just seems dirtier,
somehow.
	I tweaked my nipples as I kneeled before Bill, moaning in the back of
my throat. "Your cock looks delicious. While I'm sucking Bill's dick and
drinking his cum, why don't the rest of you get naked?"
	The three other men jolted from the table as if shocked and started
stripping immediately. I concerned myself with the throbbing member in the
center of my vision. I stuck out my tongue and slowly licked up one side and
down the other, tweaking my nipples the entire time. I grasped Bill's cock
with my small hand and placed light kisses all over the head.
	"Slow, girlie. Real slow. I want this to last." Right. I knew my mouth
skills, practiced on hundreds of cocks so far, would be no match for whatever
self-control Bill thought he had.
	I grinned and lowered my little mouth onto his dick and began to suck
slowly, using as much suction as I could muster, my cheeks hollowing with the
effort. I bathed his hot, hard flesh with spit, giving him the gooiest blowjob
I could manage. My head started bobbing slowly on his dick, drawing all his cock
meat into my mouth, savoring the salty, masculine flavor. Bill had a delicious
dick, and I wanted to spend a week savoring each hot, hard inch.
	But, there were three men waiting for me, for my hot, tight holes. It
wouldn't be fair to be selfish in this instance. If I wanted, I could always
give the guys a private, one-on-one encounter and show them the full range of
my fucking skills.
	I started rolling Bill's balls in my hands. I could feel him tense, and
I knew he was seconds from shooting. I popped his dick out of my mouth and
began jacking him, a grimce on my face. "Come on me," I gasped. "On my face.
Come on my face!" With a deep groan, Bill blew his spoo, covering my face with
his pearly warmth. The feeling of his slick jism cascading over my skin set me
off, making me crash into an orgasm that was all the more suprising because
I hadn't even touched my clit.
	Gasping, I sat back, scooping the wads of jizz off my face and licking
my hands clean. "God, that was wonderful," I said. "But I want more. I want
all three of you," I said, pointing at my father, Ted and Fred, "at the same
time!"
	They grinned at me like a trio of idoiots. What did I expect? With a
hot and horny sixteen-year old slut before them, begging to be made airtight,
any man would be an idiot!
	I got down on my hands and knees. Since Fred hadn't yet had the
pleasure of one of my patended blowjobs, I motioned him to my face. Ted slid
underneath my crouched form and impaled my dripping cunt on his cock. I had
a cock in my mouth and a cock in my hungry, clutching cunt. I was plugged from
both ends, and I loved it. But the best was yet to come.
	Crouching behind me, my father spread the cheeks of my tender ass and
trailed his tounge between my bouncy cheeks, wetting my asshole with his
saliva. He kissed and licked at my wrinkled grommett, getting me ready for
the anal assualt I knew was coming and was praying would happen soon.
	"Let me get in there for a second, Ted. I wanna lube up." Ted dropped
his dick out of my cunt for a second, and I felt it nudging against my
naval for a moment as my father gave me seven or eight strokes to lube his
dick with my cunt cream. Then my father was gone and Ted was back.
	I felt the pressure at my sphincter as my father came knocking for my
asshole. There was resistence for a moment as I beared down, pretending like
I was taking a shit, and then my father's cock slid halfway up my ass. The
glutted feeling was exquisite, and I thrilled to the sensation of three cocks
filling me up at once. The men established a rythym and I moved happily between
them, feeling Fred's cock sawing in and out of my mouth, Ted's cock charging in
and out of my tightly clutching cunt and Daddy's cock ramming in and out of my
tender asshole.
	The absolute stretched feeling drove me over the edge and I screamed
around the dick in my mouth, suddering into an explosive climax. I could feel
my cunt jizz seeping around Ted's dick. Almost as soon as my climax was over,
I began building to another one.
	Sweat was pouring down my face and dripping off of my tits onto Ted's
chest. He fastened his mouth to my left nipple, massaging my right tit with
his hand, gripping hard enough to leave a bruise. My nipples reflected the
state of my entire body: Erect, electric and raw. It felt as though sparks
were flying from my tits into Ted's hands. My own hands were busy with Fred's
cock and balls, working on them to bring him to a glorious, creamy climax.
	My father's hands were gripping my hips hard, pulling my ass back
against his hard onslaught, his balls slapping against the bottom of my vulva
with each stroke. Suddenely my father's hands tightened painfully on my ass and
he grunted, deep in his throat.
	"Gonnna cummm!" he moaned. He pulled his dick out of my poor stretched
asshole and stood over my back, furiously jacking his dick. I felt the first
spurts of his climax across my back, the jizz scalding against my skin,
curdling against my hot flesh. I wriggled happily under the shower of my
father's jizz, thrilling to the feeling. The climax that had been building in
my groin exploded at the contact of my father's spoo across my back and I
writhed into another explosive orgasm and began building for another. It just
couldn't get any better than this.
	Ted was next. He pulled out of my gaping cunt and pulled himself off,
painting my mound and pubic hair with his slimy gift of lust. I could feel the
mushy wetness between my legs, and my cunt missed his throbbing dick. Not to
be outdone, Bill squatted behind me and filled my cunt with his rejuvinated
dick. I was in between Fred and Bill, feeling them slam me from both ends like
an erotic, slutty accordian of lust.
	Suddenely a flash lit up the room. I spit out Fred's dick in time to see
my father raise his grinning face from behind the family Poloroid camera. A
little square of acetate was spitting out the front.
	"For the memories," my father said.
	I grinned at him. "I've got a good idea for a picture, Daddy."
	I motioned him over and began furiously jacking Fred's dick. "Wait until
I say, Daddy. I wanna catch the second spurt of Fred's dick, after the first
spurt covers my face!" My father's dick, recent visitor to my stretched rectum,
twitched at his slutty daughter's nasty words.
	I felt the tremors in Fred's dick and counted to three. At two the first
spurt blew from the tip, neatly painting my eyes and nose, the gush of sperm
running down my face and dripping off my nose. "Now!" I screamed.
	The second spurt was in midair, aiming for my smiling, upturned face
when the flash went off again. I didn't care. All I knew was that another
delicious load of Fred's cum was aiming at my most favorite of targets: My face.
My father whispered, "Oh my god..." as he watched me open my mouth and lap at
the flying jizz, trying to catch every drop. Exhausted, Fred dropped away from
my face. My father watched as I ran my fingers through the river of man goo on
my face, scooping it all into my salivating mouth. The taste was sweet and
smooth, and I couldn't get enough.
	Bill grunted, watching from behind as I sucked the last of Fred's jisim
from my fingers and turned towards him with a plainitive look on my face. "Save
it for me," I whined in my best little-girl voice. "I want to taste all of it!"
	Bill grunted again and popped his dick out of my tight little cunt,
wrapped his hands in my long blonde hair and pulled my face to his crotch.
	"Suck it, little slut. Suck it ALL." I gladly opened my mouth as the
first spurt of his jizz crossed my tongue and slid down my throat. I was
furiously frigging myself as I drank his load, bringing myself to another
small, quiet climax this time. He shot three or four loads down my throat and
then fell to his knees, pale.
	The rest of the afternoon was spent much like that first orgasmic
explosion of lust. The highlight of the afternoon for me was being forced over
the card table and being sodimized by all four of the men, one after the other
until my asshole was stretched wide and oozing from the four huge loads of cum
that they had packed in there.
	After Daddy's friends had left, he took me upstairs to his bathroom
and helped me clean up.
	"My asshole feels full, Daddy. Would you mind...?"
	"What?"
	"Lick me out, Dad. Get all their cum, would you?" My father looked at
me for a long, hard moment, and then grinned, sinking to his knees behind me,
spreading the cheeks of my ass so he could get his tongue into my hole. He
sucked out the loads that were jammed up there as I moaned hotly and pushed my
ass back against his face.
	"You know what, Daddy?"
	"Mmmmm?"
	"I have another idea for a good time." I knew I had his attention
because his tongue became more insistent in my butthole. "I have this white
leather dress that has zippers up the front and back. I can expose any part
of my body that I want to at any time. I think I wanna go to a bar and see how
many men I can turn on, and then let them fuck me as much as they want in the
car."
	My father's mouth began sucking at my asshole. He clearly approved of
the idea. "Or maybe on the pool table," I said. "Yeah, where everyone can
watch me take on the entire bar. And you know what, Daddy?"
	"Mmmmm?"
	"I want you to eat my ass and cunt after every one of them. What
do you think about THAT?"
	"MMMMMMM!"

In our next episode of Amanda's Adventures, (Amanda #3) Amanda takes her father,
and her little white leather minidress to the Monkey's Paw Bar & Grill. Little
did Amanda know at the time that the local chapter of the DeathHeads Biker Gang
would be holding their semi-annual intitation meeting there... Join us for
another sexciting episode of Amanda...America's Sweetest Slut!

