3

Uploaded By: SEX PRINCESS

    Hi,  this is the continuation of my first fantasy....Please read it

first.....Ok,  The day comes when you are bringing me on your boat. You

told  me  that  I  should  wear swimwear so I put on a small bikini and

shoes.  You  picked  me  up  at  my  house  and brought me to the dock.

Unfortunatly,  your  friends couldn't make it so it is just you and me.

Your boar is a moderate sized recreational sort boat with one outboard.

We  get on the boat and start out on the Sound. You steer for a secuded

place  and you bring the boat to a place where there isn't another boat

for  miles. You are busy explaining everything about the boat but, your

mind  is  on  my body. You remark what a good time we had at your house

and  I  said it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I sat on a

box  and you took the liberty to put your arms around me from behind. I

am  now so hot in anticipation. I am just sitting there hoping you will

invade me. You, from behind me, feel up and down my stomache, each time

you get closet to my breasts on the upswing. Then, you slide your hands

around to my back. You position them on my upper back and you unsnap my

bikini  top  and  hold the ends with your hands. After a moments delay,

you bring your hands along with the ends of the straps slowly around to

my  front. When you have brought the straps a little foward of my tits,

the  cups just lift off my tits. Seeing that this is what I wanted, you

unspan  the  bottoms  and pull them right off. You take my bathing suit

and  go  into  the small cabin where you hide it somewhere and you come

out  with a small box which you put down. Then, you take off your shirt

and  position  your  jeans  in  front  of me. My hands move toward them

slowly  with  the intent of pulling them down to your ankles. Just as I

am about to touch the zip, you pull them away from me. You tell me that

before  you  are  going to let me have it, you want something el