
                                 BROTHERLY LOVE

        We never thought we would be telling anyone about our love, but  we
    finally decided to let the world in  on our little secret.  It  started
    about a year ago and has continued  through the school year.  In  fact,
    almost everyone thinks  we're married, instead  of brother and  sister.
    We'll tell our own stories so you can understand how it all started...

        HIS STORY:  I thought  I knew my sister,  having grown up with  her
    and having spent so many hours together.  I have always considered  her
    beautiful, along with all other males who have laid eyes on her.  She's
    got a beautiful baby face with pouting lips and long blond hair and has
    developed a fantastic and sexy figure in the last year or so.

        When I left for college, I kissed my sweet "innocent" little sister
    good-bye.  She was 17 then.   I returned last spring, a little  earlier
    than I was expected, and saw the real girl that she was at 18.  I  took
    the bus to within  blocks of my  home and walked  the remainder of  the
    way.  I planned to surprise my parents and my sister, so I didn't enter
    the front door but made my way around to the back to attempt to get  in
    through my bedroom window.  It was getting dark, and to my surprise the
    lights were on in the room.  I slowly crept to the half-opened curtains
    and peeked inside.  The scene on the bed made my heart stop and my cock
    stiffen.

        There was my beautiful baby sister,  smooth and tan and naked,  and
    one of the best-looking young men I have ever seen.  They were lying on
    the bed, kissing and fondling each other while he looked at pictures in
    a photo album. He had  on a pair of  white cutoffs, with an  incredibly
    big bulge behind  the zipper.   I was glued  to the spot  and began  to
    unzip my own pants and release my  straining cock.  Soon the tan  young
    guy stood up, and my sister's small hands began to unsnap and unzip his
    shorts.  She slowly pulled them past his hard-on, which had to be eight
    inches.  His stiff cock curved slightly, and as her hands pumped up and
    down its  thick length,  drops of  slippery fluid  coated the  mushroom
    head.  This seemed to excite her,  and with wide eyes, she lowered  her
    wet young lips and sucked the head of his cock into her mouth.

        His prick looked even thicker next to her small, cute face, but she
    managed to cram a few  inches into her stretched  mouth.  His own  hand
    wrapped around the reminder of his big  cock, and he began to jack  off
    as she licked and sucked  on the swollen head.   In a minute or two  he
    was humping his groin into her beautiful face, his hand sliding up  and
    down his shaft lubricated  by the saliva that  dripped from her  mouth.
    As his hand moved faster and faster, she looked directly into his  eyes
    and sucked even harder on the head of  his cock.  I could see the  lust
    in his eyes, and  with a lurch,  he pulled his cock  from her lips  and
    with the tip just and inch from her mouth, shot a big, white stream  of
    cum.  The thick fluid  hit her top lip and  was followed by three  more
    wads just as big.   Her mouth was open and  I could see the strands  of
    sticky cum stretching from her tongue to her lips.  Her face and  mouth
    were literally drenched with semen, and with her fingers she scooped up
    the slippery stuff and slid it into her mouth.  He jammed his cock back
    into her mouth and I could see her cheeks hollow as she sucked the last
    bit of cum from his cock.
        By this time  I was at  the point  of cumming in  the most  intense
    orgasm of my life.   I shot spurt  after spurt of  cum into my  waiting
    hand, and  then  wiped it  up  and down  my  spurting shaft.    When  I
    recovered, I made an entrance,  this time by the  front door.  After  I
    met the boyfriend,  who was as  nice as he  looked, I went  back to  my
    bedroom.  I had to open the windows to get the smell of sex out of  the
    room.  I heard the front door open and shut as they went into the front
    yard.  I decided that I was going  to try to get a little of my  sister
    myself, so I got undressed and into  bed with only a sheet covering  me
    from the waist down.  I looked on the bedside table and found her photo
    album.   As a  senior, she  had  lots of  pictures taken.   She  was  a
    cheerleader and there were lots of shots of her in her short skirt  and
    sweater.  There were  several of her  in her bikini,  but the one  that
    really turned me on  was a photo of  her standing in  her bra with  her
    hands behind her back as  if she was taking  it off. Apparently it  had
    been a slumber party because  there were a lot  of her friends in  baby
    doll pjs and nightgowns.    I couldn't take my  eyes off of her  supple
    young body.  Her breasts, covered by  the bra, were firm and it  seemed
    that the nipples  were poking out  of the front.    I  stroked my  cock
    while looking at her pictures.   I heard the front door open again  and
    the sound of her footsteps coming down  the hall.  I took my hand  away
    from my cock, but it poked the sheet at least two inches.

        HER STORY:   I'm nineteen now,  and go  to the same  college as  my
    brother.  We live together off campus in an apartment.  I really didn't
    plan to come to this school, but what happened last spring changed  all
    that.  I was home alone with my boyfriend since my parents were out  of
    town for the weekend.  We were in  my brother's bedroom making out.   I
    was completely naked and I knew that  I looked sexy as hell.  I've  got
    long blond  hair  that  I usually  wear  up  in a  pony  tail  although
    sometimes I let it loose  and let it hang down  far enough to cover  my
    breasts.  I'm 5' 4" tall, weigh 115 pounds, and my measurements are 38-
    25-36.  My breasts are very firm and my nipples are very large and dark
    and stay hard most of the time because, when I was 10 or 11, I used  to
    wrap rubber bands around my nipples to make them stand out so Mom would
    have to buy me a  bra.  Sometimes, even now,  I'll stand in front of  a
    mirror and wrap rubber bands around the sensitive flesh just behind the
    nipple.  I usually can  get more than 20 turns  from the bands, and  it
    makes my nipples jut way out in front.  I can feel them throb, and when
    I pinch them,  it makes  my clit  start to  throb right  along with  my
    nipples.  Sometimes I rub my clit until I cum.  Usually I get one of my
    nipples in my mouth and I suck and bite it while stroking my cunt.

         This night, Bobby  was wearing shorts  and I could  see the  large
    bulge of his  cock straining  the zipper.   I unzipped  and shoved  his
    shorts down and began sucking the end of his prick.  I love the  satiny
    feel of his cock head, and I know that if I use my tongue on the  ridge
    of his head, he will squirt loads of  cum in my mouth.  Since I  didn't
    want to get knocked up, I never let any of my boyfriends fuck me.   But
    since I always gave them the best  blowjob they ever had, none of  them
    complained.  I've sucked so many cocks that, now, when they cum, I  cum
    as soon  as I  taste the  salty fluid  on my  tongue.   He was  jerking
    himself off into my mouth, so I opened my eyes and looked directly into
    his so that he  could see my pleasure  as he came.   He pulled out  and
    directed his cum at my open mouth.  I could feel some of the shots  hit
    the back of my  mouth, and I  could taste and  feel the semen  dripping
    from my lips onto my tongue.  I sucked him back into my mouth and  used
    all the suction I could  muster to squeeze the  last drops of cum  from
    his cock.

        He was starting to get hard again when I heard the front door.   My
    brother came home from  college early.  We  hurriedly dressed and  went
    into the front room.  Since he came home before Bobby could eat me out,
    I needed to get him someplace where we  could be alone.  Ray went  back
    to his bedroom and Bobby and I went out to his car.  We got in the back
    seat and he licked and sucked my clit until I came twice more.  When  I
    went back inside, Ray's light was on and, as I passed his door, I could
    see that he hadn't  shut it all the  way.  He was  lying under a  sheet
    with a monstrous hard-on poking up like a tent.  He had my photo  album
    which Bobby likes to look at when I suck him.

        I opened the door and went in the  room.  I sat on the side of  the
    bed and looked at  the picture that had  captured Ray's attention.   It
    was the one of me in my bra with my back arched just as I was trying to
    unhook it.  That picture made my breasts stand out so they looked  like
    ice cream cones.   I asked Ray if  he liked my  picture, and he  simply
    nodded.  I asked him if he would  like to see it for real, and when  he
    stared at me, I got up and took  off my blouse and turned sideways.   I
    arched my back and reached behind to  unhook the bra.  I held the  pose
    for a minute and then went ahead and undid the hooks.  I turned to  him
    and walked over to the bed.  I  asked him if he wanted to take it  off,
    and he reached up  and slid the  straps over my  shoulders and down  my
    arms.  The cool night air hit my nipples and they stood up like  little
    solders.  I put my hands under my left breast and pushed it up until  I
    could get the nipple in  my mouth.  I sucked  on it while watching  his
    eyes.  His hand went under the sheet  and I could see him stroking  his
    cock.  I reached down and pulled the sheet off the bed and knelt at his
    side.  I leaned  over and took  the head of  his cock in  my mouth.   I
    licked it and let  my saliva run  down the shaft.   I licked the  whole
    shaft down to his balls,  and I sucked first  one, then the other  into
    the warm, wet cave  of my mouth.   I felt his hands  trying to take  my
    shorts off,  so I  stood and  slipped out  of both  the shorts  and  my
    panties at the same time.   I could feel  the dampness between my  legs
    and it felt like my clit was poking out a foot.  He reached up and took
    my hands and  brought me to  the bed  where I squatted  over his  face,
    facing his feet.  I felt his tongue on my cunt and his finger in my ass
    hole.  No one  had ever fingered  my ass before, and  I started to  get
    excited.  Each time I tried to bend over and lick his cock, he  stopped
    me.  He pushed me forward slightly so that he could stick his tongue in
    my ass.  It felt like a snake running up my ass.  I started to feel  an
    orgasm run through  my body as  he continued  to lick and  suck my  ass
    hole.

        Finally he stopped  and made me  get up.   He took my  arms in  his
    hands and guided  me into the  bathroom.   He stopped in  front of  the
    mirror and reached  in the  medicine cabinet for  some K-Y  jelly.   He
    began greasing my ass hole while I watched his face in the mirror.   He
    never said a word, just inserted his cock slowly up my ass.  I  started
    to get excited as I  felt the shaft rubbing inside  me.  Even though  I
    was still a  virgin, it  felt like  I knew  fucking would.   I  started
    wiggling my ass and  squeezing down on  his cock.  He  felt as hard  as
    iron and he slid easily up and down.   He began to pound my ass as  his
    climax neared, and I started spasming in  orgasm.  It felt like I  came
    for fifteen minutes, and he had to hold  me up since my legs were  like
    rubber.  As he pulled  out, I felt the sticky  fluid running out of  my
    ass and down my legs.  He picked  me up and carried me back to his  bed
    and put me down gently.  He went for a bath cloth and wiped my ass  and
    legs with the cool material.

        I went to sleep that  night with my face in  his groin, and in  the
    morning, I woke  him by sucking  on his magnificent  cock.  Since  that
    time, I've moved  in with him  here at college,  and, of course,  we've
    fucked and sucked every night.  Even when I have my period, I suck  the
    cum from his  cock.  I  may never tell  anyone that Ray  is my  brother
    instead of my husband.  We'll probably have to move away since my folks
    wouldn't understand.  But as  long as I can get  his cock in my  mouth,
    ass, and pussy every night, it'll be worth it.

                                ROBBIE AND ROBIN

        I will be  a senior  at the University  of Georgia  this fall,  and
    because I'm an only  daughter, my parents let  me take this summer  (my
    last) off without  having to  work.  I've  been staying  with them  and
    simply relaxing.

        One weekend, my parents and another couple left for a four-day trip
    together and the couple  asked me to take  care of their fourteen  year
    old twins.  I was glad to do it since they have a big house in Dunwoody
    with a private pool.  I knew the twins, and I knew they wouldn't be any
    trouble.  What I didn't know was that they had grown up during the year
    I was away at school.   Robert, or Robbie as  he was called, was  about
    six feet tall and weighed about 160 with a curly mop of blond hair that
    had been sunlightened that summer.   He was on the basketball team,  so
    he worked out with  weights and was  really a sexy  guy, what with  his
    broad, tanned shoulders, narrow, flat stomach, and tight, rounded  ass.
    His sister was the exact opposite.  Robin was only five feet two inches
    tall and probably  didn't weigh 90  pounds.  She  had freckles and  she
    wore her red hair in braids with a pig tale on each side.  With her pug
    nose and diminutive stature, she looked to be only ten years old except
    for her breasts.  They were the size of a half of grapefruit, and, as I
    later learned, were just a firm.

        On Saturday morning  I took the  car to get  some groceries, but  I
    came back in a few  minutes to pick up the  list that I had  forgotten.
    On the way back to the car, I looked out at the pool deck, because that
    was where the kids were when I left.  I couldn't believe what I saw!

        Robbie was lying on the patio table with a towel over his eyes  and
    was spread-eagled with his swim trunks pulled down to his ankles.   His
    cock was sticking straight up his  stomach as Robin rubbed her hand  up
    and down  his thighs.   Robin  was  topless, and  her tits  really  did
    resemble grapefruit halves.   They were completely  rounded and had  no
    sag whatsoever, and her  nipples were a bright  pink rose on the  white
    flesh of her breasts.  She picked up the suntan oil and poured some  on
    Robbie's chest and  began to massage  it up and  down toward his  cock.
    She poured some oil  on her tits  and put Robbie's  hand on her  breast
    and, with  her  hand behind  his,  pressed  his hand  into  her  tender
    breasts.  He began to rub it in  as a bead of cum appeared on the  head
    of his prick.  Robin leaned over  and, with the nipples of her  breast,
    stroked his cock from head to  balls, letting him feel her hardness  on
    his sensitive skin.  He was still blindfolded by the towel, and I moved
    closer to the screen door so I could hear them but not be seen.

        Robin was telling him to imagine that she was Cathy (me) and that I
    was going to beat him off.   She described my body in detail  (although
    she had never seen  me nude) quite accurately  and took Robbie's  hands
    for a tour of her own body.  I opened my jeans and slipped my hand down
    the front of my panties to my clit  and pussy lips.  I began to  stroke
    my way to the inevitable climax while I watched Robin masturbate  every
    part of Robbie's body except his cock.  She poured some more oil,  this
    time directly on his cock,  and Robbie arched up  from the table.   She
    grasped his cock and began to rub one  hand up and down his seven  inch
    shaft while the palm of the other hand rubbed on the head of his  cock.
    It was more than either Robbie or I could handle, and we came at  about
    the same time.  He  was spurting all over his  chest and stomach and  I
    had to hold on to the curtain in  order to stand up.  Robin rubbed  her
    tits across his chest  and stomach, drenching her  nipples in his  cum,
    and then massaged it into her flesh.

        I  recovered  my  composure  before  Robbie  and  was  off  to  the
    supermarket, although with the germ of a  plan in my mind.  On the  way
    home, I worked out  my plan, and I  stopped by Fredrick's of  Hollywood
    and purchased a wet-look black string bikini.

        When I returned,  both kids were  in their swim  gear, although  it
    really didn't hide much, and I said hello and explained that I would be
    out after I put the groceries away.  I went to my room and stripped  in
    front of the  full length mirror.   I  pulled the rubber  band from  my
    long, blond pony tail  and let my  hair hang down straight.   I used  a
    brush to get the  kinks out, and  the feel of  the bristles against  my
    sensitive nipples  made them  erect and  hard.   I put  the new  bikini
    around my waist  and adjusted the  bottom so  that most of  my ass  was
    showing, and then put the bra on.  It was only a strap which was  about
    three inches wide, so it  couldn't hold all of  my breasts.  About  two
    inches of the tender, white underside of my tit was exposed along  with
    about four inches of the tanned top of my breast.  I put on high heeled
    sandals and practiced prancing and strutting.

           Robbie's eyes got wide when I strutted out on to the deck, and I
    knew that he could see some of my blond pussy hairs peeking out of  the
    skimpy bottom, and he could now see  the shape of all he had been  told
    about while being jacked off.  I kept my eyes on his crotch, and I know
    that he knew it.  I went into  the pool to make sure that the suit  had
    an even wetter  look and  then lay  down on  the chaise.   I  carefully
    adjusted the strings, ostensibly to be demure, but really to make  sure
    that both Robbie  and Robin could  see as  much as possible.   I  asked
    Robin to  rub  some  suntan lotion  on  me.   She  began,  but  I  said
    (according to my plan) that she wasn't rubbing hard enough, and I asked
    Robbie to take over.   His hands were trembling  as he poured oil  into
    his palms and began  to stroke my  thighs and stomach.   Every time  he
    came near my crotch, it was all I could do to not grab his hand and rub
    myself off.  I took his hand and  moved it to my stomach and guided  it
    toward my breasts.  His fingers  grazed the soft skin on the  underside
    of my tits, and I told him to make sure that he got them covered  since
    they hadn't been exposed to  the sun before.   His fingers dug into  my
    skin as he rubbed harder and harder, and my bra slipped up on my breast
    until the red circles around my nipples were exposed.  His hand brushed
    my nipples and I pulled his hand under my top, letting my hard  nipples
    poke into his palm.   I was  so hot that  I had to  find relief, and  I
    pulled the crotch of my bikini  bottom tight against my clit and  began
    to hunch the  material up  and down.   I  climaxed and  could feel  the
    wetness dripping out of my pussy into the material of the bikini, and I
    reached over and stroked Robbie's cock.

        I quickly got up and guided him to the table and pulled his  trunks
    down to his ankles, covering his eyes with  a towel.  I removed my  top
    and began to repeat the same words  as Robin had used earlier, but  now
    it was a big, grown up Cathy in person.  I used my hands and nipples on
    his cock, but when he began to  squirt his cum, I placed my mouth  over
    the end of his cock and drank his fluids.  I suctioned as much cum as I
    could get and let my  mouth draw up and down  his shaft.  I pulled  off
    and walked to  Robin, taking her  in my  arms and kissing  her with  my
    mouth and tongue.  Since I hadn't swallowed all the delicious sperm, my
    tongue transferred some to her waiting mouth.

        I walked Robin to the  table and took off  her suit and removed  my
    bottom.  Sitting on the table, I  pulled Robin next to me and told  her
    to instruct Robbie in pleasing  me.  Without hesitation she  instructed
    Robbie to lick my cunt and clit, and she used her own hand to spread my
    lips to give him access.  She leaned over and began to suck and lick my
    nipples until I went over the edge for the third time that day.

        The only one still to cum was Robin, and I instructed Robbie to eat
    his sister just as he had done to me.  Her freckled face contorted  and
    she began pinching her own nipples as she felt his tongue for the first
    time.  When she finally came, her body went into spasms that lasted for
    at least a  minute and  came in  waves so  that she  was in  continuous
    climax for what seemed to be five minutes.

        I instructed  the kids  that  we should  be nude  or  provocatively
    dressed for the rest of the  weekend, and that we would masturbate  and
    eat each other as often as we desired.  Later that night, I shaved each
    of our pubes, making both Robbie and Robin look like they were only ten
    or eleven years old, and exposing my lips and clit for each of them  to
    see.  I fucked Robbie that night, and the next day I took him up my ass
    (only after a liberal  dose of K-Y  jelly), the first  and only time  I
    have done that.  Since Robin was  licking my clit while he was  fucking
    my ass, I got off even through the  pain.  I might try it again if  the
    circumstances were right, but  only if the guy's  cock was thin  enough
    that it wouldn't  kill me.   Robin learned how  to suck cock,  starting
    from the time  Robbie had just  cum, through the  flacid, quiet  state,
    until he was again aroused  and hard.  She  couldn't quite take all  of
    it, and she was  disappointed that he  didn't have any  cum for her  to
    taste.  I told her to wait, that she would have plenty of chance later.

        I've gotten together with  the kids a couple  of times since  then,
    but it  hasn't been  as exciting  as that  first, teasing  time when  I
    fucked both brother and sister.  Guess I'll have to find some twins  at
    school this fall.

                                 PLEASE SAY UNCLE

        My wife's seventeen-year-old niece, Sue,  was staying with us  this
    summer.  It was a pleasure to watch her walk around the house and pool,
    because she was really built and liked to wear tight-fitting halters on
    her 36-C breasts and short shorts that molded to her 35 inch ass.   Her
    bikini suits were as skimpy as my  wife would allow, and I could  often
    see blond  cunt hairs  poking out  from the  legs of  her pants.    Her
    clothes looked as if they were molded to her body, nicely outlining her
    tits and cunt.

        An illness in out family caused my wife to leave town for a week or
    so, but sine I'm in my mid-forties, I had no designs on Sue.  We  swam,
    dined out, and in general had a  good time, until one night when  there
    was a tremendous thunderstorm.

        I have always slept  nude and continued to  do so, even though  Sue
    and I were  alone in  the house in  different rooms.   This  particular
    night the thunder  crashed, and the  lightning crackled.   While I  was
    half asleep, I sensed that Sue had  come into my bedroom and heard  her
    ask, "Uncle Dick, can I get into bed with you?  I'm scared to death!"

        Groggily, I turned and told her to  get in.  She did, snuggling  up
    to my bare back with her arms thrown over my bare chest.  I could  feel
    those luscious tits pressing  against my back,  and she murmured,  "You
    haven't got any pajamas on, your skin  feels so warm and nice."   Still
    half asleep, I  said that I  always slept in  the nude.   With that,  I
    dropped off to sleep again.  But during the next hour or so, I  somehow
    turned over  and my  hand cupped  one of  her full  globes.   I  didn't
    realize that it wasn't  my wife, especially since  Sue had on the  same
    kind of shortie nighty my wife wears, so when I dropped my hand down to
    the bottom of the gown and lifted  it, I still didn't realize that  the
    bare tit I was fondling wasn't my wife's.

        I began to get hard  and with my free hand  I felt for the pussy  I
    was so familiar with,  touching the velvety lips  and the hidden  clit.
    Automatically, the legs opened a little and I could feel the warm  slit
    become moist and then  slippery as my finger  worked in and around  it.
    Still half awake, I took my now  hard cock and, sliding it between  the
    cheeks of her ass, nudged  the head into the  warm, wet opening of  her
    cunt, working it around to  get the head wet with  her juices.  Bit  by
    bit, I worked it into her hole.

        Sleepily and slowly, I began to  fuck, not noticing that there  was
    some kind of  obstruction at  each stroke.   Instead,  I increased  the
    pressure each time, until finally I  felt my prick bury itself all  the
    way.  All of a  sudden, Sue woke up and  sat up, crying out, "Oh,  that
    hurts!"  With a start, I came  fully awake, realizing that I had  eight
    inches buried in my little niece's  cunt and that the resistance I  had
    felt was no doubt her maidenhead.  Quickly, I pulled my rod out of  her
    and began  to  apologize  all  over  the  place,  trying  to  make  her
    understand that I thought I'd been fucking my wife.  After listening to
    my pleas, Sue turned to me with a wry smile and said, "Well, it's  been
    done now, and,  truthfully, I've wanted  to do  it to see  what it  was
    like.  So, now that I'm already deflowered, would you mind putting that
    thing of yours back in all the way so that I know all about it?"

        I told her that I couldn't, but she slipped her gown over her head,
    reached down, took hold of my still hard prick, and maneuvered  herself
    around so that her leg  was up over my hip.   Then she slipped my  cock
    into the entrance  of her open  pussy and  hunched her hips  so I  slid
    about in inch into and out of her cunt.  This was too much for me,  and
    I rolled on top of her and sank  my full length into her eager  snatch.
    "Oh golly, Uncle Dick," she whispered, "that still hurts, but it  feels
    so good I don't want you to stop what you're doing."

        That tight, virginal cunt was  clutching my prick on every  stroke,
    and I could tell by  her quivering body that  she was getting close  to
    cumming.  In  just a  few minutes, she  started moaning,  "Oh God,  I'm
    cumming now. Oh  boy, oh boy!"   With  that, I couldn't  hold back  any
    longer and  started spurting  hot cum  into her  buttery little  pussy.
    When my dick quit  throbbing, we lay quietly  for a couple of  minutes,
    getting our breath back.  Then I pulled free, got up, and went into the
    bathroom for  a towel.   Wiping  off her  tender slit  and my  cock,  I
    couldn't help but  notice that  our juices  were tinted  pink with  her
    blood.

        She said, "Oh God,  I'm sore.   Please kiss it  and make it  well."
    Very gently, I knelt down and  kissed her furry blonde patch and  then,
    with my tongue, licked the pink lips.   I wasn't trying to excite  her,
    but to relax her, but it had the  opposite effect.  She pulled my  face
    tight against her, spreading her legs  wide so that I could tongue  her
    cunt and budding clit.  Moments  later she pulled on my head,  dragging
    me on top of her  again.  "I want to  watch your cock fucking me,"  she
    said as she rubbed the head of my  dick up and down her pussy.  I  took
    her legs and put them over my shoulders, bending her into a curve  with
    only her shoulders on the bed.  I drew back, and with all the  strength
    I could muster, drove the  entire length of my  cock into her body.  my
    balls banging into her ass as our pubic bones met and crushed her  clit
    between.  Looking between  our legs, my cock  looked like a steel  rod,
    coated with oil, as it pistoned into her pussy.  Her body quivered  and
    shook with three orgasms  before I finally came,  shooting my cum  deep
    into her pussy.  Thank God for vasectomies!

        My niece finally went home a few days later, and to say that I miss
    her is an understatement.   I think I taught  her quite a bit,  though,
    and I know she  taught me a lot.   Maybe she'll come  back to visit  us
    again.
                                 BROTHER FUCKER

        Last May, John,  Frank, and I  went to North  Carolina to open  our
    cottage for  the summer.   John  is  my half-brother  and Frank  is  my
    younger brother, but we opened more than the cottage.

        It was  a  long drive,  and  we spent  the  rest of  the  afternoon
    sweeping and cleaning and unboarding the windows.  By suppertime I  was
    covered with dirt and cobwebs, so I told the boys that I was going down
    to the lake for a swim, to clean off while they made supper.

        The lake was about 500 feet from the house, and the late  afternoon
    sun on the beach had warmed everything and made it all look golden.   I
    looked back and saw that the house was obscured by the screen of trees.
    Feeling daring and "at one with  nature," I decided to skinny-dip.   No
    other cottagers  would be  here this  early in  the season,  anyway,  I
    thought.

        I shed my clothes and stood poised for a minute on the edge of  the
    water, holding my bar of  soap.  The cold water  lapped at my toes  and
    sent a tingling through my  body.  The sun felt  warm, but at the  same
    time a breeze was  blowing up from the  lake.  I  imagined myself as  a
    beautiful, bronzed princess of centuries ago.   Being naked out in  the
    open like this excited  me.  My nipples  stiffened and reddened, and  I
    reached up and pinched one firm bud between my fingers, pulling it into
    an even longer size, and starting a familiar throbbing between my legs.

        I slowly walked out into the water and proceeded in deeper until my
    pussy tingled in  anticipation of  being enveloped in  the cold,  clean
    water.   Finally, I  was in  deep enough  that the  waves were  lapping
    between my  legs, the  unique sensation  making my  breasts swell  even
    more.  Looking out  over the lake, I  began to soap  up my body,  neck,
    arms, shoulders, breasts and stomach,  then reached down to my  passion
    passage and  slowly began  massaging, pressing  my soapy  fingers  deep
    inside the folds of my pussy.  It excited me intensely to be out in the
    open doing this.   I closed  my eyes and  rubbed my clit  up and  down,
    faster and faster.

        Suddenly I heard a few splashes behind me, and out of the corner of
    my eye I could see John, naked, entering the water.  Our folks had been
    married a few years, and John and I had experimented once or twice, but
    we had never gotten  beyond mutual masturbation  although I had  kissed
    his beautiful cock once as it stood throbbing in the streetlight as  we
    played with ourselves in the car after a movie.

        Then I  felt two  arms around  me,  and John  began to  massage  my
    slippery tits, his hands sliding easily over the soapy surface,  making
    my nipples pop up and down through the  gaps in his fingers.  I  rubbed
    faster and faster,  and he twisted  my nipples gently  and pressed  his
    hands harder against my breasts.  As he leaned closer, I could feel his
    beautiful long  erect penis  riding up  the crack  in my  ass, and  his
    swollen balls against my buttocks.  The contrast of his warm body  with
    the cool water excited me even more, and I rubbed even faster, ordering
    him to pinch my nipples harder.  I felt the waves of an orgasm  coming,
    and my breathing changed.  "Pinch me  harder!  Pull them!" I gasped  as
    John held me  tightly and  stuck his warm,  wet tongue  in my  ear.   I
    trembled and came in a rush as his fingers crushed my throbbing nipples
    and squeezed my swelling tits.  My hand stopped, and I slowly turned to
    him.  He smiled at me, took my hand, and led me out of the water.

        John then spread out a towel on the sand and lay down on his  back,
    with his enormous,  blood-engorged organ  sticking up  at a  forty-five
    degree angle to his belly.  I stood over him with one foot on each side
    of his body and spread my cunt  lips with my fingers, pulling the  skin
    back so  he could  see my  pink, throbbing  clit peeking  out from  the
    folds.  I squatted down  and let my cunt rub  up and down on his  cock,
    pressing it into his body, and feeling the rock-hard shaft invading  my
    tender pussy lips.   Leaning  forward, I  reached between  my legs  and
    grasped his prick.   Holding it  erect, I sank  slowly down his  shaft,
    feeling the head  spreading my  vagina as it  sank slowly  in until  it
    bottomed on my cervix.   I wriggled and  twisted my body, dragging  his
    cock around as my hips  circled.  His eyes opened  wider as he felt  my
    inside muscles alternately tense and  relax so that my vagina  throbbed
    and pulled on his penis as I leaned over and brushed my tongue over his
    lips.  I let my fingernails trail over his muscular chest as I shot  my
    tongue into his lips and let it dance with his.  He began to thrust his
    hips up toward mine,  and I began to  rock against him.    Our  tongues
    lashed rhythmically at each other as John suddenly grabbed my hips  and
    began pushing  them up  and down  forcefully.   I straightened  up  and
    gasped.  I could feel  his cock sliding back  and forth inside me,  his
    hardness trying to reach my chest.  I  closed my eyes, put my hands  on
    his chest, and let him twist my  body sideways and wp and down while  I
    was impaled on his long, luscious organ.  I pinched his nipples with my
    fingers as I came and shuddered and threw my head back in ecstasy.

        As my eyes opened, right  in front of me stood  Frank!  I saw  John
    open his eyes and look up.  A  couple of feet above his head and a  few
    inches from  my face  were two  enormous purple  balls and  a  swollen,
    fifteen-year-old cock with a bead of cum slowly sliding down the  head.
    John grinned at Frank and shut his eyes again, pushing my hips back and
    forth even more frantically.  I was about to cum again, I could feel it
    welling up in my cunt and clit.  I grabbed Frank around the ass and put
    my mouth around  his beautiful organ.   I had  never had a  cock in  my
    mouth.  The time with  John, all I did was  kiss the head with my  lips
    closed,  and  lick  the  shaft  once  or  twice  as  his  hand   jacked
    spasmodically up and down.  Frank  grabbed my hair and began  thrusting
    deep into my mouth, causing me to choke as the head hit the back of  my
    throat.  I pulled back to catch my breath, and the bead of cum ran in a
    sticky line from my lips to his cock, catching the fading sunlight in a
    rainbow of colors.  I put my hands on his hips to control his movements
    as I moved my head and hips in time with John's thrusts and flicked  my
    tongue lovingly up  and down the  cock in my  mouth, tasting even  more
    cum.  I could hear John's cock squishing in the wetness of my pussy  as
    I slurped Frank  in and out  of my  mouth, letting my  saliva coat  his
    shaft with  wetness.   Soon Frank's  buttocks tightened  and he  thrust
    harder at my face.   He began to  tremble, and I knew  he was about  to
    fill my mouth with cum.   The taste so far  hadn't been bad, and I  was
    excited at the thought of giving pleasure to my younger brother and  my
    older step-brother, so I tightened my  inner muscles and buttocks as  I
    began to suck as hard as I could manage.

        Suddenly, John gave a tremendous lunge,  and I felt his hot  juices
    shoot up into my cunt and his rod throb in the tight grip of my  pussy.
    I trembled more and  whimpered as Frank fucked  my face, bursting  with
    shot after shot of cum.   I swallowed as fast  as I could, but he  came
    faster than I could take it and some of the pasty liquid oozed from  my
    lips and down  my chin as  I came frantically,  sucking his cock  while
    squeezing my vagina, trying to draw  out the last drops of John's  love
    juice.  I  came for  what seemed like  days as  both brothers  remained
    hard.  I felt like I was totally  impaled on an iron shaft running from
    my mouth to my pussy.  The thought of fucking my brothers, giving  such
    pleasure, caused waves of pleasure to wrack my body as I came and  came
    again.

        Finally, I  stopped and  swallowed what  was left  of Frank's  cum.
    Looking down, I  could see rivulets  of John's cum  dripping out of  my
    cunt and down my thighs.   Since Frank had given  me my first taste  of
    cum, I leaned down and took John's still hard cock in my mouth, tasting
    the combination of our juices on  the shaft.  His taste, combined  with
    mine, was even sweeter,  and I let him  see my tongue  as I licked  the
    droplets from his pubic hairs.

        No one spoke about what  we had done, then or  since.  I had  never
    made love to two men at once  before, and I probably never will  again.
    It was a once in a lifetime experience, but I often wonder how it would
    feel to take on three  guys at once, one in  my cunt, one in my  mouth,
    and one in my ass.  Maybe when I get to college next year...

                            PRINCE AND HIS PRINCESS
                            
        I was  born and  raised  on a  farm just  south  of Atlanta.    Our
    farmhouse is one  of the old  style homes with  a porch running  around
    three sides of the first floor.  I used to climb out on the porch  roof
    and run around to the  old apple tree on the  side of the house when  I
    wanted to get out without my parents  seeing me.  One night when I  was
    sneaking out to go  with some friends I  passed by my younger  sister's
    window and  noticed that  her shade  wasn't pulled  all the  way  down.
    Leaning down, I looked into  her room to see her  in front of her  full
    length mirror dressed  only in  bra and  panties.   Apparently she  was
    admiring her  budding fourteen  year  old body  since she  twisted  and
    turned, watching her reflection.  She turned sideways and sucked in her
    breath, forcing her chest  outward and her  flat stomach even  flatter.
    Her hands went to her breasts and she lifted them higher, watching  the
    white flesh bulging  out of the  top of the  cups.  I  decided that  my
    friends would have to do without me that night, and I sat on the  porch
    roof and watched her reach behind  to unsnap her bra, letting the  cups
    slide down her arms and onto the floor.

        Her nipples were  as big around  as a silver  dollar and the  whole
    nipple stood out from her firm breast, but there was no evidence of the
    hard, pointed nipple like my girl  friend has.  She cupped her  breasts
    and lifted and massaged them, watching all the time in the mirror.  Her
    fingers pinched at the nipple flesh, rubbing and caressing the exciting
    redness.  Rolling her panties off her legs, she opened the soft  petals
    of her pussy with her fingers,  watching the pink flesh appear  through
    the soft brown  down of  her cunt  hairs.   She licked  her finger  and
    rubbed  her  clit,  twisting  it   and  poking  as  she  watched   with
    fascination, her juices starting to run down her soft, shapely  thighs.
    Suddenly her hand  started moving faster  and faster, and  I pulled  my
    cock out and started rubbing along with her.  As my cum spurted from my
    prick in long streams of sticky, hot fluid, she shuddered and came, her
    body jerking in response to the pleasure.  From that night on, whenever
    she went to her bedroom, I would climb out on the roof and try to watch
    her.  Fortunately for my schoolwork, she usually closed her shade so  I
    could go back to my homework, but occasionally she left an inch or  two
    uncovered and I could watch her undress and play with her body.

        One night when my folks went to Atlanta to a party, she took my Lab
    upstairs when she went to bed.  I was kind of ticked off anyway since I
    had to stay home on Friday to babysit, so I pouted in the den  watching
    television.  Then  I remembered!   I raced  upstairs and  out onto  the
    roof.   I could  see from  the light  on the  roof that  the shade  was
    partially open so I crept up to the  window.  Kathy was on her back  on
    the edge of  the bed with  her legs  spread wide as  Prince licked  her
    cunt, his long pink tongue painting her entire pussy with each  stroke.
    I could hear  the slushing sounds  as his saliva  mixed with her  pussy
    juices, the overflow dripping off her ass onto the floor.  Her  fingers
    were busy  caressing  her tits,  pulling  and squeezing  the  prominent
    nipple flesh as her body convulsed in orgasm.  Excited by the taste and
    aroma of her  juices, Prince's cock  was poking pinkly  from his  black
    crotch, and he  tried to mount  her, but she  resisted, sitting up  and
    stroking his head.   She  got off the  bed and  sat at his  side.   She
    coated her tits with  peanut butter and brought  Prince's mouth to  her
    tits.  His tongue flicked out and licked the sticky substance from  her
    body while she jacked him off with her hand.  She dipped her hand  into
    the jar and  coated her cunt  with the brown  butter, drawing  Prince's
    head to her crotch as she lay face up below him, her dainty hand  still
    jacking his prick.  As the ball rose in the dog's prick, Kathy  started
    to twist  and squirm  from the  pleasure  of his  cunt licking.    Long
    streams of cum shot from his cock  and coated her chest and stomach  as
    she hunched her pussy into the  air, groaning with the pleasure as  the
    second wave of orgasm wracked her young body.  Watching her getting  it
    on with my dog caused me to cum  twice also, but I was still hard  when
    she turned off the lights and got into bed, Prince sleeping on the  rug
    by her bed.

        I waited for her to  have plenty of time to  get to sleep and  then
    turned off all the lights  in the house.   I carefully opened her  door
    and crept into  her room  on hands and  knees.   Prince's tail  started
    wagging and hitting the floor,  so I had to  quiet him by stroking  his
    massive black head.  I crept closer to the bed and listened to the even
    sounds of her sleep as  I touched her arm gently  to make sure she  was
    sound asleep.  I raised the cover and sheet, putting my head under with
    my small flashlight in  my mouth.  Her  pajamas had small buttons  down
    the front, with snaps on the front  of her bottoms.  Her breasts  poked
    the front  of her  pjs into  twin  peaks of  beautiful roundness  as  I
    carefully undid three buttons, exposing an inch of tender flesh to  her
    navel.  Gently, I pulled the top back to each side, completely exposing
    her small but magnificent breasts.  Her beautiful, large nipples looked
    as if they  were begging to  be sucked, and  it was all  I could do  to
    restrain myself.  I licked one finger and rubbed the moistness into her
    sensitive flesh, making one nipple gleam in the flash light.

        She twisted in  her sleep, her  legs spreading slightly  so that  I
    could see a few tufts of light brown hair through the loose legs of her
    panties.  I took my cock out  and began stroking as I carefully  pulled
    her pants leg to one side, exposing her entire slit.  Downy light brown
    hair was only starting to cover her cunt, so her pink pussy lips  shone
    in my flashlight, and  I could smell  her erotic aroma.   My hand  beat
    faster and faster, drawing  the third blast  of cum that  night.  As  I
    rubbed the  sticky white  cum  into my  skin,  I felt  Prince's  tongue
    licking my fingers and the knob of my cock!  The unexpected warmth  and
    wetness was fantastic, and I started  cumming even again as his  tongue
    licked the entire length of my shaft.

        Completely sated, I suddenly realized what  I was doing.  If  Kathy
    awakened or if my folks came home, I was dead.  Gently I slipped out of
    the covers  and crept  to the  hallway, with  Prince following  behind.
    Softly closing her door, I ran to the kitchen and got the jar of  jelly
    and took Prince  to my room.   I coated  my cock and  balls with  grape
    sweetness and  let Prince  lick and  suck the  purple passion  from  my
    shaft.  Once I was  soaking wet from his saliva,  I spread jelly on  my
    crotch, from  my balls  to my  ass hole  and let  him lick  it while  I
    masturbated.  The sensation of his tongue on my ass hole and balls  was
    more than  I could  stand, and  I forced  his head  over my  cock as  I
    started to  spurt  once again.    The warm  wetness  of his  mouth  was
    wonderful as I came for the fourth time that night.  And I had been mad
    because I wasn't going to be able to have any fun!

        That afternoon, my mother  told me I was  going to have to  babysit
    again that evening because my father was in the working on a "big deal"
    and they  had to  go to  Atlanta  again to  meet with  his  prospective
    partners.   I  had to  argue  and sulk  or  she would  immediately  get
    suspicious, but secretly I was excited at the prospect of repeating  my
    erotic encounter of the  night before.  Mentally  and secretly I  urged
    Kathy to go upstairs and get ready for bed.  She was lying on the floor
    in front of  the TV with  her calves in the air.   From my position,  I
    could see the crotch of her white cotton panties under her short  skirt
    and just the hint of the thrust of her breast pushing out the front  of
    her sweater.

        At 9:00 she reached up and turned the TV off, rolling onto her side
    and spreading  her legs  so that  her skirt  bunched up  at her  waist,
    completely exposing her crotch.  "I  enjoyed what you did last  night,"
    she said.  "After you  left, I rubbed myself off  two more times.   But
    you've seen me and  I haven't seen you.   I want to  see you and  touch
    your thing while you touch me again."  She got up and told me to  wait,
    leaving the room and walking to the stairs.

        I started rubbing  my prick through  my jeans and  I could feel  it
    growing down my left leg, the  shaft squeezing through the tight,  blue
    material.   I heard  Kathy walking  down the  stairs and  she  appeared
    before me  in her  pajamas,  the same  ones that  she  had had  on  the
    previous night.   "Take  off your  shirt," she  said, and  I  complied.
    "Don't touch  me," she  warned as  her fingers  explored my  chest  and
    shoulders.  Her fingers went to  my nipples and she rubbed and  prodded
    them, asking, "Are they as sensitive as  mine?"  As I nodded "yes"  she
    pinched one between her fingers saying, "Sometimes I like to pinch mine
    hard.  It  makes my pussy  tingle and start  to get wet."   I felt  the
    sharp pain radiate to my cock, and it grew even more.

        "Oooh, did I  hurt you?   Let me kiss  it and make  it well."   Her
    mouth descended to my nipple and I  felt her warm lips engulf the  hard
    skin and her tongue licking its tender surface.  "Does that feel  good?
    I like it when  Prince licks mine,"  she said as  she stepped back  and
    began to  unbutton her  pajama top.   Holding  the front  together  she
    asked, "Do you think my breasts are funny looking?  All the other girls
    have hard, pointed nipples and mine  are just one rounded shape.   Mine
    are larger than theirs  and all of  my nipple pokes  out, not just  the
    tip."  I assured her that her  breasts were exciting and beautiful.   I
    told her that I wanted to kiss hers just like she kissed mine.

        She took her top off and cupped her breasts in her hands,  pinching
    her nipples between her finger and thumb, pulling the tender flesh  out
    from her body.  I reached for her breasts and began to stroke the  soft
    mounds of white  teenage flesh.   At fourteen, her  breasts were  still
    growing and there was no sag.  They were shaped like melon halves,  and
    were nearly as firm.  She put her hands on top of mine and crushed  her
    breasts with my palms, rubbing the firmness up and down as my calloused
    skin drug her  tits along.   "Suck them,"  she commanded  as her  hands
    forced my head to  her chest.   I opened my mouth  and took her  entire
    tit, licking the nipple as I sucked her breast.  I could feel the ridge
    of her nipple against my tongue as my saliva bathed the soft whiteness,
    making it slippery and shiny.

        "I want  you to  bite them,"  she  said, pulling  her tit  from  my
    sucking mouth.  I  took her nipple between  my front teeth and  nibbled
    softly, pulling  at her  tenderness gently.   "Harder!"  she  commanded
    through clenched teeth, and I  increased the pressure on the  sensitive
    skin at the base of  her nipple.  She grabbed  my head and twisted  and
    pulled it, causing  my teeth  to drag  and pull  on her  nipple as  she
    moaned, "Enough!  I can't take any more.  Kiss it and make it well."

        I opened my mouth and began to lick and gently suck the blood  back
    into her tortured flesh  as her hands started  to unbuckle my belt  and
    unzip my jeans.  Stepping  back, she told me to  take my pants off.   I
    shoved my jeans down and took off my  shoes and socks.  As I stood,  my
    cock poked toward her like a flag pole, its surface red and shiny.  Her
    small hand reached  out and touched  just the  head of my  cock as  she
    giggled, "It looks like a mushroom."  Her soft hand stroked its  entire
    length and played  with my  balls.  "They're  funny," she  said as  her
    fingers tested the contents of my bag.  A small bead of cum appeared in
    the slit and gleamed as  her finger smeared it all  over my knob.   She
    put the finger in her mouth, tasting my cum.  "Its kind of salty,"  she
    said, "but I think I like the taste."  Putting both hands on my  shaft,
    she inquired, "Can I make  it squirt?  If I  keep rubbing you, will  it
    cum?"  I nodded "yes" as her soft white hands jerked my bone hard cock,
    making my sperm rise out of my balls and shoot pearls of whiteness onto
    her stomach and hands.  Rubbing my cock on her belly, she looked at  me
    and asked, "Can I kiss it?"   She leaned down and let her tongue  flick
    pinkly out at my cock, caressing the  head with its warmth.  God,  this
    was much better than Prince!

        Leaning back, she looked at me and asked if I liked having her lick
    my cock.  Nodding "yes", she stood and asked if I would lick her  also.
    As I reached  for her, she  quickly unsnapped the  front of her  pajama
    bottoms and let them drop to the floor, reaching down and spreading her
    pussy lips.  "I want you to lick me," she said, spreading her legs  and
    fingering her clit.  I knelt at her  feet and touched her clit with  my
    tongue.  Her aroma was overpowering, and I really didn't mind the taste
    of her pussy as my cock continued to revive.

        "That's it.  Lick my  button.  Suck it into  your lips and work  it
    with your tongue," she whispered as I continued to lick and tongue  her
    cunt.  I ran my tongue down her crack to her vagina, letting my  tongue
    snake wetly up her pussy as she moaned softly, "Oooooh yes!  Stick your
    tongue inside me.   Suck up my juices."   I felt  a furry head  pushing
    against mine  and  another, larger  tongue  sloshing inside  her  cunt.
    Prince had come into the  room and was trying to  get his mouth on  her
    pussy.  Her body shuddered and twisted as she climaxed, her sweet pussy
    juices flowing into my mouth.  Her  legs gave way and she collapsed  on
    the couch, her ass hanging over the side, and Prince and I competed for
    her pussy.

        "Let me lick yours while Prince licks me," she offered.  I  climbed
    up and put my cock at her mouth, watching the dog continue to lick her.
    She moaned again  and came in  waves of pleasure  while her tongue  and
    lips continued to caress my bone-hard prick.

        Suddenly, Prince reared up and put  his front paws on each side  of
    her body and drove his slim prick into her soaking pussy.  She tried to
    scramble away, but he had her impaled on his pink cock, hunching up and
    down rapidly.  "Oh God!  I can  feel the ball inside me.  It's  rubbing
    up and down,"  she said as  the dog continued  fucking her, faster  and
    faster.  Finally, Prince jerked quickly  as his spunk shot up into  her
    virginal cunt, filling her pussy with his sperm.  As he came, I started
    cumming in her mouth and she let my cock drip its whiteness on her face
    as Prince started licking my knob.

        Later that same evening, Kathy sat on my cock and let Prince  shove
    his prick into her ass hole.  But that's another story.
