
It was on of those cold, dark nights. My girlfriend Sherri came to my place and
said she had something important to tell me. I was very curious about this - I
thought that she wanted to tell that "this is it" - I thought she wanted to
tell me that it is over.

Well, she took me by the hand to my room, and sat me by her side, on the bed.
She started and said - "Before I start, I want to tell you that I love you very
much, and I'm very sad about this.". Now I was VERY curious, and even afraid,
but she continued and said - "I got a job in England, so I'll have to move
there. I tried to convince my boss to give this job to someone else, but all he
said was that no one could replace me, so I'll be living there for some time."
Now it seemed that my profit came true, and all I wanted to do was to cry.

Then she came closer to me, hugged me and said "But before I'll go, I want to
give you a special present - I want to give you myself..." All I could do was
nodding with my head. She put on the cassette-player a tape she brought. It
was a kind of music I didn't know - something, well, strange. She started to
strip with the sounds- she was soooo sexy, and all I wanted to do then was to
screw her 'till next year, so I got up and moved close to her, but she pushed
herself away and said that I should have some patience until she'll finish her
"show".

After a minute or so (which seemed to last for an hour or so...), she came over
and pressed her breasts to me - her breasts are almost 36-B sized, with great
mild-colored nipples. All I did was caressing her back, moving my hand down a
little every time my hand made a movement. Soon I've got to her wonderful
behind, and caressed her behind gently. Then I've started to open her ass apart
with my fingers. I've started circling her ring with my fingers. Then she
pushed herself away from me and said that I should be undressed too. She
started to undress me, while smearing her breasts all over my face and body.
When she got to my pants, she saw the bulge I had there and said "well, we must
make some room to this one". With this, she open my zipper and pulled my pants
down. She then took my underwears off, letting my member go free - it just
stood there, in its full 8-inches. She then murmured and said - "I have to
taste this huge cock". She started to suck my organ with great movements of her
mouth and tongue. She just suck it and suck it, until I could take no more - I
let out a low moan, and sprayed what seemed an ounce of come. She swallowed all
what I had to give - and more - she started milking my cock for every bit of
sperm in it.

I then grabbed her and gave her a hot-passionate kiss. I laid her on the bed
and started kissing every inch of her great body. When I got to her tits, I
started circling with my tongue her left nipples. Her nipples were half-hard by
now, and I felt them growing in my mouth into full-hardened. I continued my
journey towards her belly, caressing it with my wet tongue. I then reached her
pubic hair, and started wetting the hair with my tongue. I spread her legs
apart, taking a view of her pink pussy. I started lightly-brushing her
outer-lips with my tongue, with a motion of flying-like. The last action made
her clutching her legs and pushing them towards my mouth. I then stung her
clitoris with my tongue - a very quick and slight touch on the clit. This made
her jump - she was "surprised" by this. I continued to "sting" her clit with
the sharp end of my tongue. After a very short while, she started moaning and
pushing her pussy against my head, while pressing my head into her. She was now
wet and ready for the real deeds. In a very quick move I stopped licking her
clit, got up, and got my cock into her - in the minute my cock entered her,
she came with a shuddering orgasm.

I gave her some seconds to rest, and started pumping my member into her. She
made her hips' movements compatible with mine. After a while, I started to feel
the orgasm building. When I came - she came with me, shuddering and moaning.

We rested for a while, caressing each other's body. She then said, she wanted
me to take her from behind. She also said, that since no one had entered her
from behind, it will be her going-away present. I got up and got some vaseline
from the cupboard in the bathroom. I laid on her belly, and started to spread
her ass with my fingers and tongue. At first, her ass-muscles were like a
stone, but after some work with my tongue and fingers, it just relaxed, and
even started "sucking" my tongue every time I tried to "enter" her. I then put
a great amount of vaseline on my finger, and spread it on the whole area. I
started inserting a finger into her, bit by bit, and after inserting the whole
finger, I asked her if she was ready. She said "Yes. Please do it to me." I
spread her ass, and put my cock on her ass. I slowly started to enter her
ass. When reaching the muscle-ring, it clinched, but then it relaxed. I started
pushing my cock into the anal ring, very slowly and very softly. She started to
moan, so I asked her if it was hurting her. She answered "Please... Don't
stop".

By then, I was almost fully inside her. After inserting my cock into her, I
rested it in her. After a while, I started pumping slowly, increasing my tempo
slowly. She was then shivering, crying with pain and moaning with pleasure. I
took my clean hand and started caressing her pussy, paying special attention to
the hard clit. She then started to moan loudly, and then - collapsed. I
continued to pump, and came in her, moaning.

We lied down on the bed, holding and caressing each other. We went to sleep,
and after an hour or so, we got up, kissing and hugging each other. Sherri
started to jerk me off, moving her hand up and down my cock. I caressed her
behind, and moved to her tits. I started fondling her, while pinching her
nipples and pulling them. I then continued to her thighs, circling her inner
thighs with my fingers. I then caressed her outer vagina lips, touching her
clit from time to time. I licked my fingers, and inserted three fingers into
her, while tombing her clitoris. I started finger-fucking her love nest, a
motion which she responded by a low moan. I was building my own orgasm by then,
and when I was very close to coming, she stopped, put her fingers on the base
of my cock, holding it, and pressing it hardly, saying "Don't come. Not yet."
I thought I'm going crazy - I want to come, and I'm not allowed to...
She then took her hand off my cock, and mounted her self on it. She was tight
and wet, and her pussy was hot as hell. She started going up and down on my
shaft, while moving herself to the sides. We both started to come, and her
pussy was getting tighter and tighter. When I came, her pussy continued to milk
my cock, taking all of what I was worth.

We then got up, and went to the shower. I started to rub the soap's foam all
over her body. When I got to her pussy, I started to rub it hard on her
clitoris. After a short while of massive work on her, she started shivering,
and came shouting. She almost collapsed after her orgasm, so I had to hold her
so she won't fall.

We got out of the shower, got dressed, and kissed. She told me that she had to
go now, but promised that she'll be back in about nine o'clock.

It was five minutes to nine. I thought I could not hold my self anymore -
my body and my sole was waiting inpatiently to her. Exactly at nine, Sherri
knocked on the door. I had a hard-on which could not be described. When I
opened the door, I saw Sherri with a friend of her, Carol. I was surprised,
because I hoped to have some more fucking-sessions with Sherri.
I asked the girls to enter, and prepared them some drinks. I had to go to the
kitchen, to get some ice. When I was in the kitchen, I heard some giggling and
laughing. When I returned, I found both girls naked, kissing and fondling each
other. Since I didn't want to be a wet blanket, I joined them on the sofa. I
licked my fingers and wanted to inserted them into Carol's pussy, but found out
that Sherri was ahead of me - her hand was in Carol's place when I got to
there... I started massaging Sherri's tits, pulling her nipples. Carol was
starting now to come. Sherri stopped her doings, and ordered me to fuck her. I
opened my zipper, letting my bird go free. I got on Carol, and pumped her fast
and rythmicly. Carol was starting to rock - really rock - she came shouting and
crying and moaning. It was soon after her when I came. After I stopped the
pumping-motion and "got out" of Carol, Sherri started to lick Carol's juices,
which were mixed-up with mine. Carol started to murmur. Sherri continued her
tongue's work to Carol's clitoris. Carol was starting to climax again - and now
shouting even louder than the last time.

Sherri suggested that we got up to the bedroom, a suggestion which we all
agreed. We got up on the king-sized bed, and started caressing each other. I
said I want them to suck me  - both of them simultaneously. They giggled and
started to suck my cock together. When Sherri was sucking the cock, Carol was
licking the cock's-base and my balls. They then changed positions, and Carol
was now sucking my cock. I started spraying a huge amount of sperm all over
Carol's and Sherri's faces. They started to kiss and lick each-other's faces,
cleaning each-other's faces from the thick fluid.

Sherri then stated, that it was her turn to be fucked. I started fucking her
doggie-style, while Carol lied under her, licking her pussy. Sherri was licking
Carol's pussy at the other side. I pumped Sherri as hard as I could, and found
out that Carol's was licking my cock also. Sherri began to moan, and so did
Carol. In a short time, Sherri was climaxing, and Carol was starting to. I was
on my way to heaven by now - I was coming, spurting my juices into Sherri's
hot and wet pussy. When I have taken my cock out, Carol quickly buried her
face in Sherri's cunt. She licked Sherri's juices, and my sperm.

Then there was a knock on the outer door. I thought not to answer, but the
girls said that it might be an important thing. I've dressed myself with a
robe, and got down to the entrance. When I opened the door, I saw two
great-looking girls standing there, giggling. They entered the house before I
got a chance to say a word. They took off my robe, and stripped. Sherri and
Carol got down by now, and said hello to their friends. I thought I've died an
gone to heaven - I was standing there naked, between four sexy ladies. I
noticed that the new girls were cunt-shaved. It seems that Sherri saw this at
the first time, and asked them why did they shave it. They answered that they
fuck better, and enjoy more. Sherri asked me to do this to her, and so did
Carol. We went to the bathroom, and I took my shaving tools. I sat Sherri on
the edge of the bath, putting foam on her pussy. The other girls was playing
with each other, and fondling Sherri's tits. I started to take Sherri's pubic
hair, and cleaned all of it, except from a light band from her pussy up to her
belly. It was now Carol's turn, so she sat on the edge of the bath, and the
other girls were now taking care of Sherri. I started on Carol's pussy, and
after a very short while I've heard Sherri crying out so loud I've never heard
a woman before. I left the same hair-band on Carol's pussy, and flushed the
rest of the hair from Carol's and Sherri's pussy while using the bath's pipe.
The flow of water made the girls crazy. They started caressing themselves, with
a fuzzy motion. They've started, almost simultaneously, crying out when they
climaxed.

We got back to the bedroom, and laid on the bed. The new girls introduced
themselves, as Karen and Jessica. Jessica was like Jessica in "Who framed Roger
Rabbit" - she had huge breasts, with big nipples. Karen had big tits also,but
not as big as Jessica's. Jessica came to me, pressing her tits to my body. She
started moving herself over my body, while Karen mounted my member. She started
humping and pumping it, as fast as she could. I joined her in her moves, and
pressed my pelvis towards her. Jessica now sat on my face, and I started
licking her pussy. The other girls laid together, in a locked 69 position.
Karen and Jessica was now starting their way to orgasms. Karen humped faster
and faster, moaning with pleasure. Jessica was also moaning, pressing herself
harder down on my face. I started to build my own orgasm by then. I was
starting to spray my sperm, when Karen started to contract her cunt muscles,
milking my cock. My face and hair were now wet from Jessica's love-juices, and
Jessica was now resting from the orgasm, while pressing her huge breasts
together. Karen unmounted me now, and changed places with Jessica. Jessica was
now humping my cock hard and fast. I licked Karen's pussy with quick, sharp
licks. This drove Karen crazy, and she came very quickly, moaning and gasping.
Jessica was now also close to coming, and drove herself harder and harder,
faster and faster, until she came in a violent orgasm.

I then recalled that we had two more companions in the room. Carol and Sherri
was now licking each other fast, moaning and pushing their pelvises towards
each other's faces. Suddenly, Sherri moaned hardly and just passed out. Carol
was quite disappointed with the fact that she was stopped to be licked. Jessica
spread Carol's legs and licked her. Carol was rebuilding her orgasm, and in no
time she was trembling from the sensation of coming.

We all rested on the bed, and Sherri was regaining her strength. She tried to
regain my hard-on, but I said that I have no more power to turn the damn thing
on... She was quite disappointed, but then suggested that all of the girls will
stay to sleep, so we could continue our sessions in the next morning. Since it
was a saturday, we quickly agreed. We arranged some camping-bags and blankets on
the living-room's floor. Me and Sherri slept in my bedroom.

We got up at about 8 am. Sherri was the first to get up and made some breakfast
and coffee for everybody. Carol, Karen and Jessica were wakened up by soft
smooth kisses on their inner thighs, kisses which I kissed. They got up with
smiling faces. It was quite obvious that they had some fun during the night,
without the interceptance of a man.

After eating our meals, we decided to take a bath together. I filled the big
bath with hot water and bath-foam, and started undressing the girls. Each girl
was stripped while my mouth and tongue caressing every inch of their skins. I
undressed and got to the bath, and found out that the girls were busy finger
fucking each other, and massaging each other's tits. I grabbed Sherri and laid
her opposite the bath wall. She was standing with her ass hanging in the air. I
penetrated her from behind, while the other girls caressed her clit and pussy.
Her anal ring was now moist, and it wasn't as hard as it was the first time.
Sherri said that she is enjoying it more than yesterday's session. I was close
to coming, and so did she. I sprayed an ounce or so in her anal pipe, moaning
with pleasure. After I finished coming in her, it was her turn. Her anal ring
started to milk my cock, and it felt like a rubber band being tied on it.

The other girls were getting hot themselves, and Carol pleaded me to fuck her
from behind too. I leaned her to the wall, and penetrated her behind smoothly.
I began pumping her ass slowly, but increased the tempo in no time. Carol was
shouting with excitement, and was shivering as well. She started to climax,
milking my cock hardly. Jessica touched Carol's clitoris. The minute she
touched it - Carol came. Jessica changed places with Carol, and I started to
screw her anus. I was starting to come now, but Jessica pulled my cock out of
her, and pressed the base of it, and started jerking me off. I came filling her
tits with thick come. It seemed that Karen was not familiar with ass-fucking,
so she asked me to be gentle with her. I got to the cupboard and brought the
vaseline. I filled her anus and ass with vaseline. I entered her ass with
a finger. Her anus tightened around my fingers. I told her to relax, and
started moving my finger in-and-out of her. Sherri started to caress Karen's
tits and pussy. I took my finger out of her, and inserted my organ's head. I
started moving only the head in-and-out of her. I slowly inserted the rest of
my cock into her. She started to cry, so I took my cock out of her a bit. She
told me not to - she said that she has to experiment this. I penetrated her
again, and now she didn't cry. I inserted my cock more and more, and my whole
8" were out of sight. I slowly pumped her, while Sherri continued to caress
her. Karen started moaning after some time, and Sherri fingered her cunt while
massaging her clit. Karen came suddenly, moaning and shouting. I took out my
cock and asked "Anybody wants some of it?". Sherri started to clean my cock
with soap, doing a great handwork on it. I was trying to hold, but my sperm
just flooded from my cock into the warm water. After she finished cleaning my
cock, Sherri pushed it between her pussy lips, and starting a forward-backward
motion. My cock caressed her vagina and clitoris while she made this motion.
She came very quickly, moving faster and faster. I was starting to come myself
after her continuous motion. I was now out - my cock was tired as hell, and I
couldn't do anything with it. We then came out of the bath, drying each other
with lust (and towels...). We got up to the bedroom, and I was lying on the bed,
while Jessica crawled over and glued her pussy onto my mouth. Sherri got down
under Jessica, giving her her pussy to eat. Carol got on to a doggie-style, and
put her pussy onto Sherri's mouth. Karen did the same to Carol. We were now
like a chain - every one (except myself) had a pussy eaten. After a while,
everybody started to climax - Carol was the first to come, pushing her cunt
harder to Sherri's mouth. I was now REALLY out - I was lying like a stone on
the bed.

We stopped our actions to see that the time already close to lunch-time, so it
was (especially for me) an opportunity to stop our deeds.

We continued our fuckings for the rest of the day, and on the rest of the week.
Two hours ago Sherri's plane took-off, and I was left here, with nothing but my
memories...


