			The Camping Trip

	Diana and Stacey had been planning this camping trip for
weeks. The pair of them and Staceys dad would take the camper up
to the campsite situated on a piece of National Heritage land
and spend a few days just mucking around and checking out the
wildlife. Di and Stace had been friends for a very long time,
they had met at play school when they were only 4 and had known
each other for the past 9 years.
	Diana was a shapely 13 years old, starting pubety
earlier that Stace and now had a nicely shaping breasts which
filled out her junior bra. She had a delicious figure - if not a
bit too thin. Her long, brown hair fell on her shoulder in a
sraight fountain of hair and ran down her back. Stacey was more
like your usual 13 year old - her bust was more of a pair of
mounds and her figure less defined but she was still cute with a
small, tight ass and lovely pair of pouting lips to go with her
ice blue eyes. She had lost her mother over four years ago to a
road accident, and since then was being raised solely by her dad
so, naturally, they were very close.
	When all the clothes and other essentials were packed they
all bundled into the camper - the girls in the back bouncing on
the seats a dad behind the wheel. The journey consisted of the
usual crap car games and the odd outburst of giggling from the
girls but it wasn't long before they reached the site. Bill
(stacey's dad) parked the camper and opened all the doors before
erecting the canopy. The girls jumped out of the van and started
running in and out of the bushes.
	'Don't wander off, you two. There are wild animals here.',
Bill shouted.
	'We won't', came the 'pre-recorded' answer.
	Bill sat himself inside at the table and made a coffee, he
had a feeling he might need it. The first two days were taking up
with the campfires and exploring of the surrounding area, they
found a small lake not more than a half-mile away with a small
waterfall. The girls planned on going to the lake on their own for
the third day while Bill took it easy at the van, he wasn't
worried because Stacey had taking lots of swimming lessons and
also done some life-saving lessons.
	So, off they went with only their towels. 

	It didn't take long for Bill to get bored sitting around
on his own so he made for the lake too, to see what the girls were
doing. He crept through the bushes meaning to scare them and hid
behind a thick bush near the water's edge. The two girls were
splashing around and doing breast-stroke backwards and forwards
through the slightly murky water. Stacey suggested that they climb
the water-fall and jump off since it wasn't very high, but Di
didn't want to, not being such a competent swimmer. So, Stace
climbed from the water and quickly disappeared behind the rocks.
obviously deciding it would be easier to climb from round the
back.
	Di continued to splash about in the water for a little
while then became visably bored. She made for the bank and pushed
herself from the water, sitting her cute bum cheeks on the muddy
bank. It wasn't till now that Bill discovered that the girls were,
in fact, skinny-dipping! His eyes rolled up and down her cute
little body, following the every curve and concentrating on the
lushious curve of her bum. He couldn't beleive what he was
seeing. Even more to his surprise Di poked her middle finger into
her mouth and slurped it out again, leaving some saliva on it and
then lowered it to her moist, pouting vagina and began rubbing her
lips furiously. She lay back on the bank and spread her legs,
pushing her finger deeper into her cunt. Pulling lips tight as she
masturbated with her finger.
	The juice began flowing as her finger slipped in and out
easily. She rubbed her clit like you might expect a little boy to
slap his salami, her hand almost a blur to the eye. Bill noticed
that by now he had a full 8 inch hard-on in his pants and couldn't
help but be as horny as ever by this juivinile bringing herself to
orgasm on the edge of a muddy lake. He popped his cock from its
prison and the head of his prick pointed proudly toward the sky,
and he began slowly running his hand up and down its shaft and he
looked on at Diana. He moved to get a better view and accidently
broke a twig with a 'snap!'. Diana stopped slamming herself and
looked up.
	'Hello? Who's there?.... Stacey? Is that you?'
	Bills heart began beating a thousand times a minute. What
would people or his daughter think they found him sitting
masturbating over a 13 year old girl. He closed his eyes and held
his breath hoping she might think she imagined it or something.
	'hello?... Bill is that you in the bush'
	He knew he had been rumbled. His heart sank. Bill quickly
pulled his trousers up and did them up. He stepped from the bushes
and said, 'Hi!'. As though nothing was amiss. He just couldn't help
himself staring as the warm, glistening fanny batter slowly running
down Diana's leg and coating her finger. The aroma of her sex juice
reached his nose and his boner sprung to an even bigger attention,
he looked away, ashamed of himself. Diana blushed.
	Suddenly, un-expectedly, Diana blurted, 'Would you make love
to me?'
	Bill was completely dum-founded. Here he was, standing a few
feet from a naked 13 year old with fuck fluid all over her hands and
legs and him with a stonking erection, and she had just asked him to
fuck her.
	'Pardon?', was the only answer that popped into Bill's head.
	'I've seen my sister and her boyfriend doing IT and I want to
know what its like, it looks like fun. The boys at my school have
only got small willies and i want to try a big one'
	'You've had sex with boys at your school?'
	'No, but i've seen them. They're nothing like my sisters
boyfriends one. I've never done it before - will yo show me how?'
	Bill hadn't had sex in years and her was a tight, innocent,
young virgin cunt just waiting to be fucked. How could he refuse?
	'I will, but you must promise to not tell ANYONE!'
	'Okay, i won't.'
	Bill un-zipped his flies and once again out popped his
throbbing penis, a small amount of pre-cum on the end. Diana's eyes
opened wide and she reached out a small hand to take hld of it. His
knob flinched as she wrapped her fingers aroung his thick stump.
	'Its all warm', she exclaimed.
	Bill smiled to her.
	'What do I do now?'
	'You start by using your mouth to excite me'
	'Oh, i've seen my sister do that', and she promptly pushed
the head of his cock past her lips in her virgin mouth and began
slowly sliding up and down it, only a few inches disappearing into
her throat. It had been so long for Bill that he felt the rumbling of
an orgasm almost straight away, he grabbed the back of Di's head and
without thinking pushed it against his groin. Nearly all of his
member slid down her throat and she gagged as his first jet of semen
splashed the back of her throat, she pulled back and his dick slipped
from her mouth and another squirt of jism splatted across her nose
and lips, dribbling from the end of her nose. Bill groaned, and
pulled Di's head to his groin again. It wasn't in her mouth and
missed, slithering across her cheek as warm cum flowed from the end
leaving white streaks down her face. He instinctively grabbed his
pulsing cock and began smearing it sadistically around Di's face,
spreading his seed all over.
	As the orgasm passed he realised what he had done and looked
down. Di looked flustered and he immediatly began apologising. She
looked up with her innocent eyes and sperm covered face.
	'Don't worry, I enjoyed that', she said licking some of his
jism from her lips. She tickled the tip of her tongue across the tip
of his dick and licked her lips again.
	'But I didn't have any good feeling like my sister does'
	'Okay', Bill said, 'I'll give yo some good feelings... Get on
your hands and knees, like a dog.'
	Di complied and thrust her virgin butt in the air.
	'Okay, now whatever you do, don't start pumping wildly. Try
to stay in a rythym.'
	'Okay'
	Bill run a hand along one of her thin, supple legs and let
his finger slip into her warm slit. She closed her eyes and purred
with contention, he finger her clit a bit till her juices started
flowing. Coating his finger in pungent fanny fluid. He smeared some
of it across his re-hardening cock and lubricated it well. He put the
head of his cock to her hole, his balls ached with anticipation, and
slip the head in. It was tight and he was only able to get his helmet
in at first, then she began to loosen up, slowly another inch slid
into her hot box until about 5 inches slithered in and out of the
virgin cunt. Di began to groan and heavy breath, she started pushing
her arse back.
	'Please, give me some more. I want you to fill me up...
pleeeaassse.... mmmm.. oooh..'
	Suddenly she thrust her arse back and his entirety popped
into her. He felt something 'crunch' and a little blood began seeping
from the sides of his cock. Obviously she was a virgin because her
hymen had just broke. She became to scream quietly and push and pull
at his cock with animal lust. Bill just kept pushing and trying to
get his fucking balls into this tunnel of pleasure, he grabbed her
hips and sped up the pumping. A dull slap-slapping as they met on
each push. Bill let out a low growl and Di began screaming at the top
of her voice.
	'YES!....FUCK ME!.. FUCK ME!... Oh god, I.... ooooohhh...
yeesssss...  mmmmm', and her body shook as the oragasm took hold. Her
lips tightened around Bill and immediatly he started pouring his load
into her. His cock throbbed and pulsed as jet after jet of hot fluid
ran from his cock deep inside the ex-virgin, he slowed down as the
last dribbles emerged from his dick. But, Di was still grunting and
pushing, no sign of stopping. A thought entered Bills mind and he
kept the pace with Di. He looked down and his cock was well lubed.
	He waited for another orgasm to take hold of Di and just as
she started pumping wildly he drew back and pulled out his cock.
before Di realised her butt was on its way back for another pump.
Bill raised his stiff rod a few inches higher and plunger it deep
into Di's arsehole. The opening being forced open and three-quaters
of his member slurped into her arsehole. Di's eyes shot open and her
mouth dropped open. The orgasm came on strong again and she couldn't
help but push at the pleasure in her cunt, her bum hurt slightly but
the feeling of this anal intruder was incredible. As his penis pushed
against the wall of her vagina from the other side she got twice as
much pleasure and felt that there was much more hole to fill.
	She peaked again and pushed with all her might and all of
Bills prick disappeared up her anal passage, she could swear she felt
his knob push against the end of her bowels. A warm, pain feeling as
his slurped back again, away from the wall. Di's body shuddered once
again and she fell to the ground - exhausted. Bill was panting
furiously, semen and fanny batter all over his hands, cock and
crotch. Di had semen all over her face, back and legs, where it was
dribbling down leaving a glistening trail.
	Suddenly Stacey came from behind a rock, her jaw dropped with
surprise. Her eyes bulging!

		End of part I

Written By Mr.B
