
                            CHATEAU
 Chapter I
 The divorce had been messy, and I was glad to have it behind
me. Bob's invitation to complete a foursome for a wild weekend
had been welcomed, but as I drove up to the secluded old house
I had second thoughts. My sex had always been pretty straight,
and I was a bit apprehensive about this "bondage" idea. But
what the hell - it couldn't hurt to try - could it??
 Bob greeted me at the door and introduced me to Lisa my
"date". His wife Julie I already knew. Dinner was steaks,
liquor and nondescript chit chat. We settled into the den and
the almost imperceptible mood change suggested that things
would now get started.
 Bob explained that normally a lot system was used in their
games to determine roles, but that since this was my first
night, they would let Julie be "mistress" to Lisa, who would
also introduce me per Julie's instructions to the game. I could
then participate or watch as I chose. After half a dozen
drinks, I was ready for anything, or so I thought.
 Julie wasted no further time. She put her drink down, walked
across the room and pulled Lisa to her feet. She produced a
pair of handcuffs, and without ceremony cuffed the brunette's
hands behind her back. She asked Bob to go and get the toys as
she began to play with her new captive. Standing behind her she
reached around to cup Lisa's breasts through her blouse and
carress them. She proceeded to open the first few buttons of
the blouse and then, forcing her hand into her bra, began to
cruelly squeeze Lisa's breasts and squeeze her nipples. The
cuffed woman moaned and tried, without success to avoid the
hands that were causing her torment.
 Bob had returned in the meantime with a box of gadgetry that
would have made the Marquis de Sade weep with envy. I didn't
really konw what most of the devises were, but suspected that
my guesses were not far off.
 "We want you to have a first hand demonstration of some of our
toys Stephen" said Julie, "and Lisa is going to explain these
items to you in detail as you use them on her - just pick one
and ask her". With that she shoved the cuffed brunette back
onto the couch and retired to her own chair. I jumped into the
game without further encouragement, and asked Lisa about the
small vise-like clamps that caught my eye. She explained that
they were nipple clamps. Julie was not pleased. "Explain to him
in detail how they work - on you, or you'll be sorry".
 Lisa proceeded to give me detailed instructions as to her
own torment.
 "They go on my nipples, so you'll have to finish undressing
me" she explained. I needed no further encouragement. I
finished undoing the buttons on her blouse, then reached behind
her to unfastend the bra. Her breasts were beautiful, topped
with strawberry tips.
 "Stephen, you'll have to get her nipples hard for the clamps
to work properly" added Julie. She was obviously enjoying the
spectator role. I licked and sucked the captive woman's nipples
until they were hard and distended. I picked up the first clamp
and opening it up, placed it over her left nipple, flush against
the breast. The function was obvious, and I began to
tighten the knob. The metal closed toward the nipple. Lisa
flinched as the cold metal first contacted her nipple, and as
it tightened further began to squirm. I stopped as Lisa moaned,
afraid to cause any injury, but Julie was admanant.
 "Keep going, the bitch can take a lot more than that". I
complied until I was sure that the clamp might cause real
damage. I repeated the process on her right tit.
 Lisa was in real pain and lay back in the couch with her eyes
closed. But Julie had only just begun. "Ask her about this
little gadget" she offered, as she handed me a contraption
consisting of two curved rod-like devices conected by a thread
arrangement. Lisa in response to the unspoken question let me
know that this was a labia spreader - not one of her favorite
toys. This two required further exposure of heretofore private
parts of Lisa's anatomy. She blushed furiously as I hiked her
skirt up to her waist and pulled her panties from her. I could
appreciate her embarrassment and humiliation. The rest of us
were fully clothed as she lay in a semi reclining position with
her tits and pussy blatantly exposed.
 I was getting into this and began to take the initiative. I
picked up a spreader bar and fastened her into it for good
measure. It attached to both legs just above the knees, and was
adjustable. After tightening the straps I pushed her legs as
far apart as they would go, and tightened the adjusting screw.
Lisa really was a turn on, with her breasts bare, adorned with
the two clamps I had left in place, and her legs spread as far
as they would go. She was on display and she knew it.
 I then proceeded to apply the labia spreader. The device,
which Bob told me he had made was really just two elongated
clamps connected together. The clamps were designed to fit on a
woman's labia, and then the thread device when used, forced the
clamps apart. As I applied and then tighten each clamp to the
lips of her cunt Lisa inhaled sharply. It was not until the
screw device was actuated, and her pussy began to stretch apart
that she really responded though. She twisted her ass on the
cushions of the sofa, and then started bucking her hips - she
obviously wanted this intruder in her most privater place gone.
But with Julie's encouragement I kept right on. As Lisa started
to thrash in earnest I stopped. "Don't stop - the bitch can
stand more" volunteered Julie. I complied, giving  another turn
and watching the captive lips of the tied woman's vulva spread
even further. Her pussy was now blatantly stretched, with every
minute detail of the interior visible. But it did not seem like
Lisa cared about modesty now - she was in real pain.
 Julie took over now. She removed the labia spread bringing a
gasp of relief from Lisa. She pulled her up and lead her to an
armchair to one side of the room and ordered her to spread her
legs. As Lisa stood against the back of the chair, facing it,
Julie fastened her ankles with leather straps to the back legs
of the chair. She then forced the captive woman to bend deeply
over the chair back, and atached her wrists to the base of the
front legs. These straps were then tightened until Lisa was
tautly stretched over the chair in a bent over position, legs
spread. As I walked around behind her, the merits of this
position became quickly clear. Lisa was on lewd display from
the rear, with her pussy stretched and pouting from between her
widely spread legs.
 Julie picked up a short thonged whip, and began stroking
Lisa's ass gently with it. "You know what happens now don't you
darling?" she cooed. "But this time I'll let you know where you
get hit - I'll draw a little line with my finger just before
every stroke". She wasted no further time, but stepped back,
and after tracing an imaginary line across Lisa's ass, brought
the whip crashing down. It looked like someone had shoved a
cattle prod up Lisa's ass - she jerked in her restraints and
shook her head violently. To her credit, she didn't
scream.  Stroke followed stroke - soon Julie began to get
inventive. Preceding each stroke with her imaginary line she
worked her way to the back of the bound woman's legs - this
brought the first hints of screams from behind clenched teeth.
Then the inevitable. She drew her line diagonally across the
cheek of Lisa's ass, ending up on the exposed lips of her
pussy, which Julie played with briefly. Even before she was hit
Lisa jerked her head vilently and begged "please no, not there
- I can't stand it when you hit my pussy". It did no good -
Julie brought the whip down and Lisa yelled freely as the ends
snapped onto her labia.
 Before she had a chance to shake off that pain, Julie repeated
the stroke from the other side, and finally, standing directly
behind her victim, brought the whip upward with an underhand
swing directly onto Lisa's vulva. The effect was an
uninterupted jerking in her restraints, and begging for an end.
But as I inspected Lisa's pussy from behind, it was easy to see
that she was getting sopping wet. Her labia were beginning to
pout, and once or twice the things actually splatted between
the lips and kissed her inner membranes. When this happened
Lisa'a dance was especially violent.
 Finally, Julie felt that she had had enough. She was released
from her restraints and offered a drink. Then, the fun and
games continued.

 Chapter II
 At any rate, it was Friday night again and the evening's "gig"
as we sometimes called it was about to begin. This time no
change in arrangements had been made, and the drawing was at
random. The system was simple - four cards dealt for each
"round". High was "master", low was "slave". There was no
preference in selection as to sex - I had already learned that
the homosexual aspect that could be imposed added to the
control and humiliation aspect and therefore the thrill. Nor
was there any guarantee that roles would not be duplicated,
since each round was drawn for separately. Conceivably one
unlucky person could end up as "slave" for three different
people in one night, although obviously the odds were against
that.
 After the first drawing Julie found herself the "slave"to
Lisa, a role which she had reason to be apprehensive about,
considering the way she had tormented Lisa the previous
weekend. Nevertheless, the show must go on. We retired to take
turns show ering and had returned to the den with drinks in
hand getting ready to begin. Bob had already gotten the "toys"
out and they were spread out by Lisa who was obviously trying
to decide how best to begin Julie's ordeal.
 "Well, I guess it's time we got started" said Lisa as she
walked over to the seated blond, took the drink out of her hand
and led her to the center of the den. As had Julie the previous
weekend, Lisa started out by handcuffing the blond's hands
behind her back. She added an immediate refinement however in
producing a trainer gag which she fitted over Julie's head and
fastened into place along with a leather collar to which it
attached. The straps of the harness surrounded Julie's head and
part of her face, and were arranged so as to force the ball gag
deep into her widely opened mouth. Lisa then began to slowly
and seductively undress her victim in a manner that was
arousing to us and must surely be causing Julie embarrassment
and humiliation. As she unbuttoned the helpless woman's blouse
she took time to massage her breasts through the bra, squeezing
and kneading the twin mounds cruelly, causing Julie to moan
around her gag. Reaching behind Julie to unfasten the bra she
pulled it away to reveal Julie's breasts, the nipples already
hard from the attention they had received. "Look at the slut"
said Lisa as she tweaked the nipples roughly" she turns on like
a bitch in heat when you play with her tits." She continued to
undress Julie, unfastening the skirt and letting it drop to
the floor, leaving the handcuffed woman standing in the middle of
the room in her panties, half open blouse and disheveled bra.
Lisa reached down and began to slowly massage Julie's pussy
through her panties, cupping her hand over the mound and
rubbing along the pussy lips. She paused only long enough to
peel Julie's panties down, telling her to step out of them, and
leaving the girl completely exposed below the waist. "spread
your legs slut!" ordered Lisa. Julie complied, spreading her
legs as far as she was able without losing her balance. Lisa
began to play with Julie's pussy while the woman's legs were
spread, giving an in depth description to us as she
went.  "Julie has a tight pussy for the slut that she is, and
she loves to have it played with. I no more than touch it, and
it's sopping wet. She enjoys being finger fucked as you can see
already." And sure enough as Lisa was pushing one and then two
fingers inside her pussy, Julie began to rotate her hips almost
involuntarily as a result of the stimulation of her sex. "She
seems to enjoy this, but I don't think she'll be as happy when
I use that short whip on this pussy later on."
 "Well on to more interesting things" said Lisa. "I think we'll
warm little Julie up with a couple of our toys, and then see
just how obedient she really is." She led Julie over to the
same chair that she herself had been fastened over, and in like
manner tied Jills feet wide apart to the back legs. She removed
the handcuffs so that Julie's clothes could be completely
removed, then refastened them behind her back. Julie was forced
forward and stretched by a strap threaded through her collar
and pulled down to the front of the chair. To increase her
discomfort her hands were pulled up tight by a short strap
connected to the back of her collar.
 After she had the girl securely fastened, Lisa with obvious
enjoyment continued her humiliation in front of us. Stepping
behind the helpless woman she began to torment Julie's cruelly
exposed vulva - alternating between gentle carresses and cruel
twisting of the offerred pussy lips. The way that Julie was
fastened left her wide open to this unwelcome attention - her
legs were fastened so widely apart that the lips of her pussy
were in fact beginning to gape on their own. From time to time
Lisa in terrupted her carressing to grasp a pussy lip between
thumb and forefinger of each hand and pull them widely apart,
exposing clearly the inner lips and pink flesh of the bound
woman's sex. The whole thing was a turn on simply because of
the humiliation Julie had to be experiencing at having her sex
so intimately exposed and handled in front of Bob and myself
while she was fastened helplessly in a wide open position that
left her completely vulnerable. Lisa began the girl's torment
in earnest by fastening a wooden clothes pin on each of her
obscenely exposed pussy lips, and on each of her nipples. The
effect was revealed by the groans which emanated from behind
the gag, and Julie's frantic jerking against her restraints
when Lisa flicked the clothespins with her fingertip. "What
would any session be without a short whipping to get things
started?" asked Lisa. She answered her own rhetorical question
by picking up a studded paddle and without warning, bringing it
crashing down on Julie's tightly stretched ass. The result was
a violent snort around the gag, and a jerking on the straps
that held the woman in place. After several more strokes with
the paddle Lisa decided that she had other things in mind for
Julie. She traded the paddle for the short multi-thonged whip
that Julie had last used on her. Standing behind her victim,
she studied the territory carefully and then again, without
warning and without removing the clothespins, she brought the
things of the whip slapping upward to cut the tied woman's
spread cunt.  The whip struck so hard that the clothespins on
each pussy lip were sent spinning across the room, and the
frantic jerking against her restraining straps and the snorting
from around the gag made it clear that Julie had certainly
derived the full intended ef fect. Several more times Lisa sent
the thongs whistling up into Julie's pussy, with the same
effect each time. It was obvious that the whipping represented
an ordeal for Julie. Even when she was not actually being
whipped she was panting hard and sweat gathered on her face. I
certainly did not envy her her torment. Even when Lisa
interposed her whipping of the tied woman with a gentle carress
of the wantonly offered vulva, the response was one of pain as
cool fingers kneaded the outraged flesh. Finally, Lisa tired of
these games. She unfastened the neck strap, allowing Julie to
stand up straight, and removed the gag, much to Julie's relief.
Before untying her legs though, Lisa fastened Julie into the
spreader bar, which had the effect of keeping her legs about
three or four feet apart. She then untied Julie's legs, and led
her over to the low table at the side of the room. Before
placing her on the table she fastened a leather belt around her
waist. She then ordered Julie to lie face up on the table,
which was not at all easy given the fact that she had only
limited use of her feet. As Julie got down into a sitting
position Lisa unfastened the handcuffs and made her lie flat on
her back. She fastened her left hand, stretched back over her
head to the base of the table, while fastening her right hand
by means of a short chain and cuff to a ring on the waist belt.
Finally, Julie's collar was fastened to the base of the table
forcing her head back and her body to be somewhat arched. Julie
was in an extremely erotic and exposed position, and the fact
that she had to know what she looked like made it even more so.
Her legs, widely spread left her pussy open to view, while due
to the position she was in she could do little except stare at
the ceiling.
 "Julie hates to have her tits whipped" said Lisa as she picked
up a short whip with silken thongs. "This little whip may not
look like much" she said, "but on a girl's breasts it feels
like liquid fire, although it can't do any real damage. "Julie
has always hated it, especially when I concentrate on the
nipples and the underside of her breasts. "Isn't that so
Julie?" Julie grimly answered in the affirmative, resigned to
the fact that her breasts were going to be subjected to
punishment at the hands of Lisa and her cute little whip. "But
I'm going to give you a chance to save your pretty tits from at
least some punishment" said Lisa. I'm going to let you play
with yourself in front of Bob and Stephen, and the faster you
make yourself come, the sooner I stop whipping your titties.
You get one stroke every five seconds until you come, and then
I stop. "Oh please intoned Julie - I can't come in front of
Stephen and Bob. Please don't make me do that."The whip sliced
down on Julie's right breast, the thongs flattening the nipple
and making the breast bounce and shudder, bringing a gasp of
pain from Julie. "You'd better get started, or your boobs will
ache for a month" said Lisa as she brought the whip down to
make the left breast share the agony of the right.
 Now I could appreciate the ingenuity of the position Lisa had
fastened Julie in. The blond could not move to avoid the whip;
her body was stretched so that her breasts were most prominent,
and most important, her right hand, chained to the belt was
such that while she could not use the hand to shield her
breasts, she could reach her widely exposed pussy.
 As the whip struck her right breast for the third time, Julie
reached between her legs and began to massage the lips of her
pussy. First playing her fingers only on the outside, but soon
spreading the outer lips, working their way to the now
exposed clitoris, which she began playing with. Each time the
whip struck one or both of her breasts she cried out, and
increased the tempo of her masturbation. Finally, wildly
rubbing her clit with her thumb, and with three fingers
inserted into her vagina she managed to achieve an orgasm that
brought her ass off the table in spite of the straps holding
her down.
 "Not bad Julie - I always knew you were a shameless slut"
teased Lisa as she lowered the whip. Julie breasts were
reddened from the punishment they had received, but it was
obvious that no real damage had been done. "Now for an instant
replay, but this time you eat my pussy and your pussy catches
hell until I come".
 Lisa stripped off her slacks and panties, picked up the short
leather whip and brought it whistling down on Julie's spread
pussy without further warning. Julie screamed and writhed in
pain as her unprotected cunt received the snapping thongs. She
immediately began licking and sucking Lisa's pussy which was
presented to her as Lisa straddled her head, and as the thongs
struck the poor woman's vulva the second time the scream was
muffled by Lisa's own pussy pressed against Julie's face. Julie
feverishly sucked and licked at Lisa's pussy, trying to
stimulate her as much as pos sible since the sooner she was
able to bring Lisa to orgasm the sooner the torture of her own
pussy would end.
 Finally Lisa shuddered in her orgasm and dropped the whip to
the floor. Julie just lay and moaned. I could't resist a closer
inspection of the tied woman's pussy, and as looked I could see
several welts across the now swollen pussy lips, and could see
by the reddened streaks where on several strokes the thongs had
found their way between Julie's pussylips and had punished the
tender inside of her cunt.
 After pausing briefly to fix herself a drink and arrange her
clothes, Lisa returned to Julie still strapped to the table.
"That poor little pussy of yours has really suffered tonight,
but I'm afraid the worst is yet to come." She unfastened Julie
from the table, and with the spreader bar still holding her
legs far apart led her to the center of the room once again.
With leather cuffs and a chain running through a pulley
fastened to an over head beam Lisa soon had Julie standing
helpless on her widely spread feet with her arms stretched
tautly over her head.  "Don't worry, I won't keep you here long
- it's just such a convenient position to keep you in while I
get you properly trussed up. Lisa produced a length of narrow
chain with links that ended in pro truding metal ends. She
first fastened one end to back of the belt around Julie's
waist, leaving the end dangling between her legs. She then
brought this end up between her legs and fastened it loosely
through a ring at the front of the belt. Julie's fate was now
obvious but I nevertheless watched in fascination as Lisa
unfastened her hands from overhead and once again brought them
high up into her back, chaining them together. The chain which
had been passed between Julie's legs was now threaded through
rings on her belt and collar to be fastened to her handcuffs.
 Finally, constantly tightening any slack, Lisa with one hand
spread the still swollen lips of Jills pussy, pulling the
barbed chain tightly into the woman's vulva, and pulling her
hands high into a full-nelson type position behind her back.
The result was pure torment for Julie. Any attempt to lower her
hands and arms from their extreme position caused the chain
with its sharp barbs to press even more tightly into the
interior of her tender pussy.
 No matter what she did she was in considerable pain. Not yet
satisfied, Lisa began to sensuously play with the bound woman's
breasts and nipples, licking and sucking each one in turn. When
both nipples were engorged she calmly fastened a tit clamp onto
each one. The two clamps were fastened by a short lightweight
chain, to which a leash was attached. Finally, Lisa removed the
spreader bar from Julie's legs, leaving her standing with hands
tightly pulled up into her back and in obvious pain from the
tormenting devices assailing her tits and cunt. As though by
way of demonstration she led Julie around the room, which was
any thing but a pleasant experience for the woman. Every step
she took obviously caused the barbed chain to dig into her
already abused pussy, while any sign of hesitation resulted in
a sharp tug on the leash and in turn the clamps on her now
swollen nipples. After leading her around the room several
times, Lisa removed all of the items except the handcuffs, to
Julie's clear relief.
 "Since it looks like I only have a short while left with you,
I want you to share some of the same game you had me play with
Stephen last weekend" said Lisa. She led Julie to the corner of
the room, where Bob had built an old fashioned set of stocks on
a type of pedestal. The main part consisted of two hinged
pieces with cutouts for hands and neck. The level was
adjustable on the stand, and before placing Julie into the
contraption, she lowered the height to almost waist level. The
effect was clear - the prisoner would have to bend over to an
exaggerated degree which would cause a great deal of strain in
the bent over position. I had to give Lisa credit - she didn't
miss a trick. She led Julie to the contraption and before
putting her in it, snapped cuffs on her ankles which she then
attached to widely spaced rings in the floor, leaving Julie
standing in front of the stocks with her legs once again widely
spread. As she unfastened the woman's handcuffs she bent her
over the opened stocks placing her head and wrists in the holes
provided, whereupon the top section was lowered and locked into
place. Julie was truly a sight to behold, as she stood with
legs widely spread and bent over as far as Lisa could get her.
Standing behind her I had a beautiful view of her ass, the
cheeks slightly spread from the strain, and below, the pouting
lips of her pussy were on lewd display, the extent to which her
legs were spread actually causing it to gape open slightly.
Lisa picked up a whip and casually walked to the front of
device so Julie, who could see nothing behind her, could look
at her. "You don't have to have that cute pussy of yours
whipped any more, if you just do as I say. If you don't, I'm
sure you won't be doing any fucking for at least a month. Do I
make myself clear?"
 "Oh yes mistress" answered Julie - "just tell me what I have
to do".
 "As explicitly and specifically as you know how you will ask
Stephen to play with your tits and pussy. You will then
instruct him in detail to provide you with an appropriate
degree of torment. I want you to end up with clamps on your
tits and the pussy spreader on your cunt as a result of your
very specific and detailed instructions when I tell you to ask
for it. Do I make myself clear?"
 "Yes mistress - I understand."
 "Very well, then begin, and I suggest you provide some
inducement to Stephen because if he doesn't do what you ask,
you still get your sweet little pussy whipped raw. While it's
entirely up to Stephen what it will take to make him help you,
I would think a good cock sucking would be a rather minimum
incentive. Get started" she said, and by way of encouragement
brought the whip crashing down on Julie's ass in a diagonal
stroke that resulted in the tip nipping the tied woman's widely
exposed pussy, bringing a scream from Julie.
 The single stroke of the whip had the desired effect of
inducing instant cooperation. "Please Stephen, come help me
avoid having my pussy whipped any more" implored Julie, clearly
without any sarcasm. "Tell me what to do Julie, and like Lisa
said, make
it worth my while" I replied. I almost felt sorry for the girl,
but as said before, was starting to get into these games. Besides,
there was no doubt that were the roles reversed, and
they almost certainly would be sooner or later, Julie would not
be cutting me any slack either.
 "Please play with my tits and pussy the way I ask you to, and
I'll suck that gorgeous cock of yours like it's never been
sucked before".
 "Sounds ok to me" I said, "start sucking" as I walked to the
front of the device, opening my robe to expose my now hard cock
and placing it in front of Julie's face. She either enjoyed
giving head or was in real fear of the treatment she would
receive from Lisa if she failed to do as she was told, because
I couldn't remember the last time a woman had sucked my cock
with so much enthusiasm, and trying so hard to bring me
pleasure. I let her suck for a few minutes and decided to play
Lisa's game a little before coming in Julie's pretty mouth. I
withdrew my cock and walked around behind Julie and the device
that held her in place. "Tell me what you want pretty lady, and
I'll see what I can do". "Please Stephen, play with my breasts
and pussy". Lisa moved up, unnoticed by Julie and again brought
her whip whistling into Julie's exposed ass. "You'll have to do
better than that bitch!"She hissed. "He knows he's supposed to
play with you - you tell him how!" Not wanting to risk another
painful stroke of the whip, Julie hasten to obey.
 "Please Stephen, stroke my breasts with the palm of your hand,
rub them gently. Oh yes that feels good" she sighed as I
complied, lightly rubbing her dangling breasts with a circular
motion.
 "Umm, that feels nice" she purred as I felt her nipples begin
to harden under my touch. "Rub the nipples with your fingers"
she said, and again groaned with pleasure as I complied. I
slowly ran my finger around each hard nipple pausing from time
to time to cup a whole breast in my hand, rubbing and stroking.
The effect was not lost on Julie who was begin to breathe more
deeply in spite of her strained position. "Suck them - please
suck the nipples" implored Julie. I complied by kneeling beside
the stretched and bound woman and taking first one and then the
other strawberry nipple into my mouth. "Run you tongue over
them - flog my nipples with your tongue" I wasted no time in
doing just that, and noted with satisfaction that Julie was now
slowly moving her ass back and forth in obvious arousal. "Bite
the nipples" she hissed, "bite them hard" she groaned as I
complied, taking each nipple between my teeth and biting until
I thought she could stand no more.
 "My pussy, please rub my pussy!!" She moaned, sighing audibly
as I did her bidding reaching behind her and starting to rub
her obscenely exposed pussy. "Play with the outside first she
begged, rub the pussy lips - pull on them - oh that feels so
good" she moaned as I took a pussy lip between finger and thumb
of each hand and pulled them wide apart. I began to play with
her pussy in earnest. I palmed her entire pussy, rubbing
slightly from side to side, which she seemed to enjoy judging
my the motions she was making with her stretched ass. She
moaned as I continued to massage the outside of her blond
thatched cunt. "Work your finger between the lips now" she
begged, and once again I needed no further encouragement as I
permitted my middle finger to gradually insinuate itself
between her puffy and slightly pouting lovelips. The effect was
immediate as she rotated her ass and moaned loudly.

 Chapter III
 "The clit - play with my clit" she responded.  I searched for
and found the hard little center of her sex and began to worry
it with the tip of my finger as she strained against the device
holding her to push her pussy harder against my hand.
 Not wanting to let things get any further out of hand, and
also wanting some more pleasure from the bound and stretched
woman I stopped my exploration of her vulva and walked back
around to the front of the stocks where she could see me. "Oh
why did you stop" she asked. Her question was quickly answered
when I silenced her by picking up the tit clamps by way of
reminder of what Lisa had ordered. "Oh yes, I almost forget,"
answered Julie.
 "Please put the clamps on my nipples, and put them on as
tightly as I can stand. I complied immediately, first rubbing
the straw berry nipples to their former state of hardness.
Julie groaned as the clamps tightened down first on one nipple
and then the other, weaving her hips back and forth in response
to the erotic pain in her breasts. Having finished with the
torture of her nipples, I picked up the pussy spreader. "Yes"
she gasped in pain from the tit clamps as well as obviously
aroused "put the spreader on my pussy. Stretch my cunt wide
open - make it hurt." I proceeded to fasten the pussy spreader
on her exposed labia, much as I had done with Lisa during our
first session. After fastening each lip securely within the
device I began turning the screw and watched the tightly bound
woman's pussy begin to gape and spread obscenely. Julie's
sudden gasp of pain and jerking in her restraints told me that
her pussy had almost reached its limit. Leaving the tormenting
devices in place I moved back to the front of the stocks, once
again thrusting my cock against her mouth. She
responded instantly, arching her head as far back as the stocks
would allow and once again sucking and licking hungrily at my
rock hard cock. This time I let her keep working at it, and was
amused to see Lisa calmly pick up the short tassled whip and
without warning bring it up in and underhand stroke between
Julie's widely spread legs making the lashes slap in the bound
woman's exposed and now aroused pussy, around the spreader
which I had left fastened in place. The sudden and unexpected
pain from the whip, both from striking her pussy as well as
making the spreader bounce around, made Julie try to cry out
around my cock which was filling her mouth, and suck for all
she was worth.  Again and again Lisa brought the short little
whip up into Julie's poor pussy, and the effect as she
responded to the pain was the most fantastic cock sucking I had
ever experienced. I exploded into a violent orgasm that sent
loads of cum into Julie's mouth, causing her to gag while still
another blow from the whip made her try to scream. As my orgasm
subsided Lisa stopped whipping the tied woman and turning to me
said "I'll bet that's the best head you've ever had. It's
amazing how enthusiastic a woman can be at sucking cock when
she is getting her pussy whipped at the same time." "I must
confess that I do even better when Julie whips me on my pussy -
she seems to have a better knack for it or I'm more sensitive
or something. At any rate when she has me spread wide open and
uses that whip on my pussy it seems as if the pain makes me
want to do anything I can to make it stop, including sucking on
a cock, a pussy, an asshole - anything." I had to agree that
her whipping of Julie's exposed pussy had certainly produced
positive results. "Well, I'm afraid my time with Julie is about
up" said Lisa almost sadly as she untied the blond's legs and
opened the top of the stocks that had held her captive. Almost
as though she had not been tormenting her just moments before,
Lisa put her arm around Julie to help her up. "Sorry if I gave
you a rough time sweetness, but it is ever so delightful to
make you scream and twitch your ass."
 Turning to me she explained "the important thing about our
game is to always remember that we all care very much about
each other - the fun and games are great, but we never do any
permanent damage or cause really severe pain, and most of all,
after each session, we are the best of friends." And true
enough, as the two women relaxed on the couch there was no
animosity and it was clear that they were indeed close friends.

 Chapter IV
 As I arrived at Bob and Julie's house the next weekend I was
suprised to find Lisa already there. As we sat around relaxing,
Julie explained that if it was alright with me the scenario
would be different than usual, and that she would be the star
of the evening.  My curiosity was aroused. Lisa took me aside
and explained that she and Julie were AC-DC and with Stephen's
knowledge frequently got it on. Julie had had the opportunity
to see the 'Story of "O"' some time ago, and had been intrigued
by the idea of having her sex parts pierced and adorned with
rings.  Although both women enjoyed both roles of the S&M
scene, in actuality, Julie was the more submissive, and had
apparently dwelt on the idea of being subservient and as part
of that role, being pierced and wearing rings which she could
not remove.
 The women had gone to a jewelry store as well as a medical
supply house and had secured all the necessary equipment. The
plan tonight was that given the nature of what she wanted,
Julie would be given one last chance to reconsider, after which
she would be placed in restraints and at the disposal of any of
us, but especially Lisa, who at some point during the evening
would pierce her and put the rings they had purchased in place.
 We all discussed the idea, and Julie seemed as turned on as
the rest of us. "I know it will hurt me badly" she said, "but
the fear of that pain makes it all the more delicious."
 Bob was intrigued by the idea as he hugged Julie and stroked
her hair. "If she gets out of line now, all I'll have to do is
pull on a nipple ring or fasten her to the bed by her cunt".
Julie gave a little giggle which showed that even that idea
intrigued her.
 "Well I want to make absolutely sure that you've made up your
mind Julie" said Lisa. "Once we actually get started there is
no going back, and I want to be sure you know what you're
^etting yourself into". "Oh I've thought about it" replied
Julie, "and while it's scary as hell, I want to do it, and
Lisa, I want you to be the one that does it to me".
 "I guess I should be flattered" said Lisa "but I think that
as part of the evening we should give you one final chance to
back out."
 Lisa went on to  explain that since it was only about 6:15,
there was plenty of time for her to use Julie as she deemd fit,
and she wanted one more chance to make sure Julie was
absolutely certain. She took Julie by the hand and pulled her
to the center of the room. "Strip" she orderd, and Julie
dutifully began to remove her clothing. She then cuffed Julie's
hands behind her and put cuffs on her ankles although they were
left unconnected. Finally she put a punishment hood over the
woman's head which blocked out all sight and forced a penis gag
deep into her mouth. "spread your legs Julie" ordered Lisa, to
which Julie obeyed, spreading her legs as far as she could, and
exposing her pussy to view. Lisa produced a needle from her
purse, and began to fondle and play with Julie's pussy. She
rubbed the hairy mound, insinuated her fingers between the lips
of the restrained woman's vulva, and then as the lips of
Julie's pussy began to swell and spread, she began gently
pushing a finger into the exposed vagina. Julie was confused.
She expected torment and was receiving tender caresses. Lisa
did not disappoint her for long.
 She finally grapsed one of Julie's labia, and stretching it
out ward, without warning jabbed it with the needle, drawing
just a speck of blood. Julie jerked and bucked and a muffled
scream came from behind the gag. "That's what what you want is
going to feel like Julie" said Lisa lovingly as she again
gently carressed and fondled the captive woman's exposed vulva.
"I want you to remem ber that and think about if for a while before
you make a final decision". At that point she proceeded
to place Julie into her restraint position.
 She strapped a heavy belt around her waist, and using affixed rings,
 applied the barbed crotch strap. This was really just a
jewelry chain that had links with twisted ends, attached at
each end to a strap. Ordering Julie to spread her legs, Lisa
applied the tormenting device. It was fastened to a ring at the
rear of the belt, brought up between Julie's widely spread
legs, and likewise fastened, loosely at first to the ring at
the front of the belt.
 Lisa then, using thumb and forefing rudely parted the lips of
the bound woman's pussy, at the same time tightening the strap.
The chain was brought up to nestle tightly between Julie's
pussy lips so that the barbed links would cause the most pain
to her tender inner membranes.
 Julie gasped as Lisa gave a final sharp tug to the adjusting
strap and released her hold on the outer cuntlips. The chain
was now buried out of sight in Julie's pussy, and Julie's
contortions showed that it was doing its job.
 Lisa then forced Julie down onto the floor next to the table,
clipped her ankles to the handcuff chain behind her back and
finally attached the punishment hood to a ring fastend to the
leg of the table. Julie was in a most uncomfortable position
with her legs drawn up and her head fastened down. "I'm going
to leave you here for exactly thirty minutes and I want you to
think about your fate. If you want to back out, I'll give you
one and only one chance then. Otherwise, well, now at least you
know what's in store for you" warned Lisa.

We left Julie lying bound on the floor and retired to the
playroom. Lisa felt that a little fun and games while we were
letting Julie think things over might be in order, and she
suggested that a little punishment might help get her even more
excited to go to work on Julie. "Which one of you wants to put
me through my paces for the next thirty minutes or so" she
asked jauntily. Bob told me to go ahead, and  I quickly
obliged. I was already turned on both from watching her with
Julie thus far as well as from anticipation of what was still
to come. I faced her and began unbuttoning her blouse,
remembering as I did our first night and how she had asked me
to clamp her nipples. I carressed her perfect breasts, gently
at first then with more and more force until she began to
squirm, trying to get away from the pain in her tits. I
finished removing her blouse and bra, leaving her naked from
the waist up, and stopped to admire her body. She began to
blush as Bob and I openly stared at her tits, but I could tell
it turned her on, her nipples, without even being touched were
puckered and hard.
 I tried a new toy on Lisa - a simple wooden rod with wrist
straps at each end and a collar at the center. The device was
simple the bar was placed at the nape of the neck and the
collar fastened in place.
 Lisa's arms were spread wide and completely horizontal so her
wrists could be strapped. The result was that she was fastened
with her arms straight out, held by the rod. I took advantage
her position to devote my attention to her breasts, now even
more prominent due to the way her arms were stretched. I toyed
with the nipples, alternating between gentle, loving caresses
and violent pinching and twisting which caused Lisa to hiss
through clenched teeth.  I settled for simple wooden clothes
pins on each nipple which brought a gasp from the bound woman
and caused her to shake her head as I attached each one.  I
unfastened her skirt and peeled her slip and panties down,
leaving her completely naked, and I finished her restraints by
fastening her into the spreader bar.
 Once again she blushed as Bob and I openly stared at her
exposed pussy and then took turns fondling it and worrying her
clit. We each finger fucked her in the ass and cunt, and
pinched her pussy lips and clit. The fact that she was helpless
to resist added to the erotic impact. I told her that she was
going to be whipped and offered her a gag. She accepted, not
wanting Julie to hear her scream, and I selected the inflatible
pear gag. A simple device that looked much more harmless than
it was. Once inserted into the prisoner's mouth it was inflated
with a small handpump, much like a blood pressure device. It
absolutely filled and dis-tended Lisa's mouth to the point that
the plea was obvious in her eyes.
 Bob brought out the silken thonged whip and began flogging her
tits, while I got the short strap and inflicted punishment on
her pussy, from both the front as well as behind, taking
delight in her squeals and jumping antics every time the thong
found its way between her now pouting pussy lips to slap her
most secret place. Soon her pussy was swollen from the whip and
her breasts had streaks of red, most of which crossed her
nipples, attesting to the punishment they had received from
Bob. Lisa stood in her restraints sweating freely from the
exertions caused by her double whipping.
 Bob went to check on Julie, while I continued to work on Lisa.
I removed the gag, at which Lisa groaned in relief, licking her lips.
 I continued to play with the helpless beauty. When I toyed
with her pussy, sore from its whipping instead of flinching,
she groaned and arched herself forward, pushing her mound into
my cupped hand. Her pussy was soaking wet. "You must love
getting your pussy whipped" I whispered to her. "Oh God, I do"
she hissed, "especially when you do it". I continued to play
with her pussy with one hand, and her swollen tits with the
other. "Please, I need my pussy hurt some more" she whispered.
I obliged by clipping a clothespin on each of her swollen lips,
and on the hood of her clit. The result was almost wild
thrashing back and forth. Bob came back just in time to watch
Lisa'a obscene dance as she jerked her pelvis back and forth
trying to shake off the pain in her private parts. I put a ball
gag back in place, and we resumed whipping her, both on her ass
as well as her tits and clipped pussy. We laid her backwards
over a coffee table, which caused her venus mound to be
prominent. Both Bob and I further humiliated her by examining
in detail and playing with her pussy. We spread her lips,
pinched her inner lips and clit, toyed with the opening to her
vagina and finger fucked her, and finally I pushed a butt plug
into her ass. Bob continued to finger fuck Lisa and caused her
to blush even more when he told her he could feel the butt plug
inside her through her pussy.  She was obviously turned on at
being so shamefully exposed and used, and helpless to do
anything about it.
 It was soon time to return to Julie so we unfastend Lisa from
her restraints. Bob went to see how Julie was doing while I
spent some time with Lisa before releasing her entirely. I
removed the gag, and she gasped, obviously relieved. Before
freeing her from her restraints I carressed her, gently
fondling her red breasts and licking her rock hard nipples.
 "You are one sexy woman when you get whipped" I told her. She
replied by kissing me, forcing her tongue deep into my mouth
and rubbing her swollen pussy up against me. I gently fondled
her breasts and nipples which caused her to groan and rub
herself harder agaianst me. "This is so nice" she said, "but I
guess I had better tend to Julie". She dressed and joined Bob
and I in front of the tied and hooded Julie. Lisa removed the
hood and gag, and then pulled Julie to her feet after releasing
her ankles.
 "Moment of truth darling" said Lisa without any sarcasm, and
showing Julie three gold rings, "It's your choice, and you have
to tell me now. Do we forget the whole thing or do we go ahead,
and remember, this is your last chance to say no".
 Julie ran her tongue over her lips which were dry and tender
from the gag, and said "I'm just as scared as ever, but I still
want to do it". Lisa looked at her briefly and then kissed her
in a long, deep kiss, holding her tightly. "I'm going to hurt
you darling" she whispered to Julie.
 "Yes" hissed Julie in response "hurt me, I want you to hurt me
a lot and I want to wear your rings".
 Lisa began with a severe whipping. She had fastened Julie in a
standing spread eagle position under the pulleys, and using
different implements of punishment was whipping her on all
parts of her body except her nipples and pussy. Even when she
used the silk whip on Julie's breasts she was careful not to
strike the nipples. It was obvious she was saving those
sensitive areas for later. She then placed Julie in the
punishment bra and brought out the studded dildo on the
extendable stand. Soon Julie was left standing on tip toes, her
breasts being punished by the studded cups of the leather tit
harness, while she tried desperately to expel the large ribbed
dildo that was forced into her gaping pussy. Lisa finalized the
tormet by placing a small metal clip on Julie's inner labia,
over her clit. Julie gasped and started to yell. The double
pain in her vulva, from the cone shaped dildo, coupled with the
pinching of her clit was causing her to twist and buck in her
restraints in a futile effort to expel the double intrusion. To
no avail. Nor was Lisa finished with her.

She let Julie off of the standing dildo, but it was not out of
compassion. She forced her to bend over, and inserted a six
inch butt plug deep in the bound woman's ass. Julie gasped and
tried to move away, but she was securely fastened. Lisa
returned her to the standing spread position and reintroduced
the dildo.  Julie began screaming and tossing her head from
side to side. If the dildo had hurt her pussy before, now the
pain was double because of the plug occupying her ass. Lisa
finished this particular torment by strapping Julie's ass and
legs, each blow caused her to thrash on the dildo, causing
excruciating pain as her swollen labia and vagina rubbed
against the sharp studs of the dildo.
 When Lisa removed the tormenting devices and let Julie down,
the bound woman was sweating profusely. Again the contrast, as
she let her down, the two women kissed in a long deep kiss.
Lisa knew how to hurt, and Julie loved it.
 Finally she led Julie, hands cuffed behind her to the
punishment table in the "playroom". By the time she was
finished, Julie couldn't even twitch. Arms were fastened tautly
over her head, her legs were spread as wide as possible and
raised to the point that her ass was coming off the table, and
her head was
lowered over the other end. Her breasts and pussy were on
prominent and helpless display and she knew it. A wide strap
was added around her waist which made bucking impossible. I
could not help but admire Lisa's handiwork. Julie was comletely
helpless and completely spread open to view and to Lisa's
attentions.
 The way she was fastened she could only stare at the ceiling,
while Bob, Lisa and I walked around her, fondling her and
toying with her private parts, all of which she was helpless to
resist. I toyed with her pussy which was starting to gape,
rubbing the lips and gently inserting my finger into her
vagina. I don't know whether it was my attentions or the
thought of her coming torment, but she was lubricating freely
and obvioulsy excited.  Lisa took over upon returning from a
brief departure, and I noticed that she carried a razor and
shaving cream. "Before I do anything else, I'm going to shave
that pussy of yours" she said as she stroked Julies exposed and
distended cunt. She applied the foam and with sure strokes soon
as Julie's private parts completely bare. Both Bob and I looked
closely at her handiwork. The effect of the shaving, together
with the way Julie was bound, caused every detail of her sex to
be completely exposed. Her labia had already begun to pout.
 Spreading her inner lips exposed her clitoris and vagina, all
of which we played with, alternating between gentle caresses
and sharp pinching and twisting, which brought groans from the
bound and helpless woman.
 "I'm not going to gag you because I want to hear you scream,"
said Lisa as she lovingly played with Julies nipples and pussy.
 "I know how much this is going to hurt you, but when it's over
you'll truly be my slave" said Lisa. "Please, make me scream
and make me your slave" whispered Julie.
 Without further conversation, Lisa brought forth the equipment
she and Julie had purchased. First she produced some gauze and
rubbing alcohol and vigourously sterilized Julie's nipples.
 "Do you want to be ringed in your left or right pussy lip"
asked Lisa as she began to fondle Julie's vulva. "Whatever you
prefer" replied Julie demurely. Lisa began the sterilizing
process on the captive woman's pussy paying special attention
to the right lip, and causing Julie to gasp as the alcohol
stung the sensitive tissues. Lisa produce a special kind of
surgical clamp that had a hold through the grasping part, and
without further comment began to fondle Julie's left nipple
erect. When she was satisfied she placed the clamp over the
nipple and locked it in place, causing Julie to gasp. She
paused to take a piece of leather strapping and place it
between Julie's teeth instructing he to bite down. Holding the
clamp she held Julie's nipple up for inspection and satisfied,
slowly and deliberately forced a piercing needle through the
nipple. Julie's scream, even with the leather strap in her
mouth was immediate and clear. Before she had a chance to
recover, Lisa forced the gold ring through the hole and locked
the ends together. It now could not be removed without cutting
the metal. Julie followed up by placing some ice against the
small wound, during which time Julie continued to moan and
thrash against her restraints.
 Without hesitation Lisa locked the clamp around Julie's right
nipple at which time Julie protested, spitting out the leather
strap.
 "Please no more, I can't stand it. I never thought in would
hurt this much - not again". "Sorry love, but you had your
chance" replied Lisa gently as she swabbed the captive nipple
with alcohol. In spite of Julie's now frantic pleas and her
thrashing against her restraints, Lisa repeated the process
resulting in another lusty scream and a shiny gold ring
dangling from each of Julie's now swollen nipples. There was
very little blood and beyond the panting and moaning of the
victim, it was apparent that no real damage had been done.
 Lisa proceeded to the final stage of the plan and devoted her
attention to Julie's pussy. And this was not difficult since
the way Julie was fastened left her vulva as the most obvious
part of her body. Again, Julie begged and pleaded, offering
anything to have her pussy spared the fate of her now prettily
adorned tits. It was to no avail, and Lisa proceeded with her
preparations. She again swabbed the labia and surrounding areas
with alcohol, and began rubbing the pussy lip to get it to
swell to prominence. She was not disappointed. Even with the
fear of the forthcoming pain, Julie responded sexually and the
lips of her pussy became engorged and began to swell and pout,
separating freely now because of the way she was spread open.
Lisa took the clamp and carefully manipulating the right lip of
Julie's pussy, pulled it up and away from her body, snapping
the clamp in place.
 Now as she manipulated the clamp she was able to pull the lip
of Julie's defenseless vulva straight away from her body,
forcing it taut. Once again, without warning she pushed the
piercing needle through the captive flesh bringing forth an
even more intense scream that before. The gold ring was
fastened into place and the clamp removed.
 Her ordeal over, Julie lay panting and sweating in her straps
while we inspected the handiwork. Each nipple sported a
matching gold ring, which passed right through the meaty part
of the nipple.  Her pussy was adorned with a ring that passed
cleanly through her right labia without injuring any of the
sensitive inner tissues.
 I resisted the urge to touch it since the new wound still was
obviously quite painful, but the thoughts of the possibilities
in future B&D bouts flashed through my mind. I could just
visualize Julie, hands cuffed behind her and tethered by the
ring in her pussy.
 Julie was freed and she and Bop settled down to the couch to
rest after her ordeal. Lisa joined me on the other couch and
began to carress me, whispering in my ear how aroused she was
at having pierced and ringed Julie. "I've never been this
turned on over any of our games" she said. "It feels like I own
Julie's tits and pussy, and the thought of the pain I caused
made me almost have an orgasm." I returned the carresses, not
willing to disappoint any woman as turned on and as beautiful
as Lisa. I rubbed her breasts through her clothing and began to
unbutton her blouse. She was almost feverish. When I unfastened
her bra and freed her breasts she arched her back pushing her
breast against the palm of my hand. She groaned freely as I
bent over her to suck the fiercly erect nipple and flog it with
my tongue. As I slid my hand along her leg under her skirt she
eagerly spread her legs as far as the skirt would allow,
gasping as I fingered the lips of her pussy through her
panties. She impatiently arched herself up to let me peel her
panties down and clutched me tightly as my hand found her now
naked pussy. There was no doubt she was turned on - her pussy
was dripping wet and the lips easily parted as I moved my
fingers past to explore the inner lips and fondle her clit. We
stopped to retire to the spare bedroom and completely undress.
Lisa was absolutely beautiful lying on the bed naked. Before I
joined her she made it clear that she still wanted some of the
bondage and discipline. "Stephen I want you to fuck me" she
said, "but first, please chain me to the bed." As I left to get
some restraints to round out our lovemaking she added, "and
please, I'm so hot, bring some toys - I need to be hurt a
little."

CHAT4.TXT 21.21 K, 21724 charact, 3972 wds, 377 lns, 02/30/88

