: T H E   U N O F F I C I A L   C H I C K E N   R A N C H   F A Q
: Version 0.10
: Copyright 1994 by Blake Wilfong
: blake@phoenix.phoenix.net

: CONTENTS

: 1.  ABOUT THE UNOFFICIAL CHICKEN RANCH FAQ
: 2.  LEGALITY, REGULATION, AND SAFETY OF PROSTITUTION IN NEVADA 
: 3.  TRANSPORTATION
: 4.  CUSTOMER PROCEDURES
: A.  GLOSSARY


: 1.  ABOUT THE UNOFFICIAL CHICKEN RANCH FAQ

: 1.0  What is the Unofficial Chicken Ranch FAQ?

: The Unofficial Chicken Ranch FAQ is a list of frequently asked questions
: about the Chicken Ranch brothel near Las Vegas, Nevada.  Its purpose is to
: make information about the Chicken Ranch more widely available to men who
: might enjoy it as much as I do.  I am only just beginning work on this FAQ;
: there's a LOT to say about the Chicken Ranch!  I plan to expand and repost
: the FAQ periodically.

: 1.1  Is the Unofficial Chicken Ranch FAQ free?

: It's shareware.  If you visit the Chicken Ranch as a result of reading
: this document, you should reimburse me.  PLEASE do this!  If I do not
: receive reimbursement, I will stop posting and expanding the FAQ.

: 1.2  OK, how do I reimburse you for my copy?

: I am a member of the Chicken Ranch's Golden Egg Club.  (See the section on
: the Golden Egg Club, elsewhere in this document, for more information.)
: I therefore receive $50 in credit at the Chicken Ranch for every 3 customers
: I refer.  If you party with a lady at the Chicken Ranch as a result of
: reading this document, PLEASE tell the shift manager to log a validated
: referral for Golden Egg Club member Blake Wilfong.  Make sure she understands
: that this is supposed to count for credit for me at the Chicken Ranch.  If
: she doesn't seem to know how to handle this, ask her to talk to her manager,
: Russ Reade.  That's it!  It doesn't cost you a penny, and you aren't required 
: to reveal your identity.  THANK YOU!

: If you are a woman who goes to work at the Chicken Ranch as a result of
: reading this FAQ, I don't receive any reimbursement for referring you.  But
: I would appreciate it if you would use your latitude in pricing and duration
: of the party to give me a cost break or extra time.  Also, please let Russ
: Reade know that you heard about the Chicken Ranch from me.  THANK YOU!

: 1.3  What is your affiliation with the Chicken Ranch?

: I have no affiliation with the Chicken Ranch.  I am just a very satisfied
: customer.  The Chicken Ranch has neither endorsed nor condemned this
: document, though Russ Reade has unofficially agreed to give me credit for
: referrals generated from it, as described above.

: 1.4  May I distribute the Unofficial Chicken Ranch FAQ?

: You may distribute the Unofficial Chicken Ranch FAQ in ELECTRONIC FORM ONLY,
: provided that NO FEE IS CHARGED.  No portion of this document should appear
: in printed form without written permission from me, Blake Wilfong.  You are
: encouraged to copy it for your friends or distribute it via BBSs or the
: Internet.

: 1.5  Can I ask my own questions about the Chicken Ranch?

: You can email questions to the following Internet address:
:      blake@phoenix.phoenix.net
: Please use the subject "Chicken Ranch Question".  If I am too busy or if I
: receive too many questions, I may not be able to answer your question
: individually.  But if I think others would be interested in the answer to
: your question, I will add it to later versions of the FAQ!  If you are
: actually planning to visit the Chicken Ranch, their shift managers will be
: happy to answer your questions.  Call (702) 727-5721 long distance, or
: 382-7870 from Las Vegas.

: 1.6  Why does this FAQ seem so incomplete?

: I wanted to get this information circulating as quickly as possible.  I plan
: to add to the FAQ as I go.  Of course, if no one reimburses me for the FAQ,
: I won't bother...


: 2.  LEGALITY, REGULATION, AND SAFETY OF PROSTITUTION IN NEVADA

: 2.0  Is prostitution legal in Las Vegas?

: Prostitution is ILLEGAL in Las Vegas.  The laws of the state of Nevada forbid
: prostitution in counties with populations exceeding 250,000.  Las Vegas'
: population far exceeds this number; hence prostitution is illegal in Clark
: county and Las Vegas itself.  In Las Vegas, you are COMMITTING A CRIME if you
: pay for (or sell) sex, and it is quite likely that you will be jailed,
: mugged, swindled, or exposed to Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs).

: 2.1  The Chicken Ranch serves the Las Vegas area, so isn't it illegal?

: Though the Chicken Ranch is near Las Vegas, it actually resides in
: neighboring Nye county.  Nye county laws permit a handful of legal, licensed
: brothels to operate under strict government regulations.  The Chicken Ranch
: is one of these, so it is completely legal.

: 2.2  What regulations are imposed on the legal brothels?

: There are limitations on the brothels' location, advertising, employment of
: minors, etc.  Of most interest to potential customers are the regulations
: concern STD prevention.  The use of condoms--even for oral sex--is
: mandatory.  Furthermore, the ladies are tested weekly for various STDs,
: including HIV.  Of course, any who test positive are not permitted to work.
: Though a few applicants are initially screened out by the tests, STDs are
: EXTREMELY rare among the ladies, and those working at the Chicken Ranch have
: NEVER tested positive for HIV.

: 2.3  Does the Chicken Ranch use any further safeguards against STDs?

: The ladies at the Chicken Ranch inspect each customer before partying.  They
: are trained to recognize the symptoms of common STDs.  They also wash the
: customers' genitals using Betadine, an antibacterial surgical scrub.

: 2.4  Personal question:  Have YOU ever contracted an STD?

: I have never contracted an STD from the Chicken Ranch (or elsewhere).  I have
: partied with 33 women at the Chicken Ranch.  My personal opinion is that,
: between the condoms, testing, inspections, and Betadine, it is HIGHLY
: improbable that any customer will contract an STD at the Chicken Ranch.

: 3.  TRANSPORTATION

: 3.0  How far is the Chicken Ranch from Las Vegas?

: About 60 miles by automobile.  You'll see serene desert countryside and a
: gently winding scenic mountain pass.  It's very relaxing!

: 3.1  That's certainly too far to walk!  So how do I get there?

: You have several options.  You can take a taxi, call for a complimentary
: limousine, drive your own (or a rental) car, or fly your own plane there.

: 3.2  Which is easiest?

: The taxi is the easiest.  If you are staying at any of the major
: hotel/casinos, there will be a cab stand.  Otherwise, use the phone book to
: call for a taxi.  In either case, ask to go to the Chicken Ranch.  You will
: make the driver's day!  You will probably be required to pay in advance, as
: the fare is typically $200 to $300!!!  Even so, I've seen quite a few taxis
: parked outside the Chicken Ranch.

: 3.3  $200 - $300!?!?  Sheesh!  What's the NEXT easiest way to get there?

: The limousine is also quite easy and much less expensive.  Call the Chicken
: Ranch at 382-7870 from Las Vegas for details.  Basically, you'll have to work
: out a pick-up time and place with the limousine service, and tell them how
: to recognize you.  The limousine is more comfortable than a cab, though you
: may wind up sharing it with other customers.  The driver works solely for
: tips, so you are expected to tip him!  Remember, he's probably doing more
: work than the lady you'll party with, so tip appropriately.  Back when I rode
: the limousine, I tipped $20-$40 depending mostly on the number of other
: riders.  The drivers, usually older men who used the tips to supplement their
: retirement incomes, seemed happy with this.  An additional benefit of the
: limousine is that the drivers (and the other passengers, if any) usually make 
: good conversation on the way out and back.  A limitation of the limousine is 
: that the driver and other passengers are waiting for you to finish; extremely 
: long parties can pose problems.  Also, you can't go visiting the local
: casinos, etc.

: 3.4  What about driving myself?

: This is my favorite method these days.  If you flew into Las Vegas, you'll
: need a rental car, preferably with unlimited mileage.  If you're coming from
: the Strip or Downtown, take Interstate 15 south (toward Los Angeles).  You'll
: soon come across "Pahrump/Blue Diamond" exit 33.  Use this exit, which will
: take you west on Highway 160.  You're in the right place if you see a big
: "76" truck stop to your right after taking the exit.  About 50 miles later,
: you'll start seeing signs of civilization.  Stay sharp and watch for a sign
: that says "Nye County Line".  Soon thereafter, turn left on Gamebird Road.
: After about 3 miles, you'll come to a 4-way stop at Homestead Road.  Turn
: left and proceed about 6 miles.  You'll see the Chicken Ranch on your left!
: I know you'll be all excited, but PLEASE remember to tell the shift manager 
: that I sent you and should receive credit for it!!!

: If you miss Gamebird Road, you'll find yourself on the main street of the
: town of Pahrump, with a speed limit of 35.  Turn back and try again.

: Want a map?  You got it!  If you print it out, use a monospaced font...

:     PLEASE REMEMBER TO TELL THE SHIFT MANAGER THAT               Las Vegas
:     BLAKE WILFONG SENT YOU & SHOULD RECEIVE CREDIT!              /
:                                                                /
:                       Watch for                              /
:                   "Nye County Line"                        /
:     Pahrump ----+--------------------~-------------------+ Pahrump/
:                 |    /            Highway 160          /   Blue Diamond
:                 |  / Gamebird                        /     Exit 33
:                 |/  Rd. 3 miles                    /
:                 |                                / Interstate 15
:     Homestead   |                              /
:     Rd. 6 miles |                            /
:                 |                          /
:                 X  Chicken            to Los Angeles
:                     Ranch

: 3.5  How do I fly myself there?

: The Chicken Ranch has a simple landing strip, marked by white tires.  Call
: them at (702) 727-5721 long distance, or 382-7870 from Las Vegas, for more
: information.


: 4.  CUSTOMER PROCEDURES

: 4.0  How do I get into the Chicken Ranch?

: You will be standing at a white, metal fence with a gate.  Press the button
: to sound a bell inside the Chicken Ranch.  Assuming you don't look drunk or
: psychotic, the shift manager will press a switch inside that makes a buzzing
: sound and unlocks the gate.  Pull it open and proceed to the door, where the
: shift manager will greet you.

: If you are carrying any bags, briefcases, etc. they will have to be inspected 
: or left with the shift manager.  You will not be allowed to take weapons or
: cameras into the Chicken Ranch.

: 4.1  What happens inside?

: The shift manager asks you whether you wish to see the ladies.  If you're
: just there to buy souvenirs or want to visit the bar first, tell her now.
: Otherwise, say "yes"!

: The shift manager instructs you to take a seat on a couch in the parlor.  She
: will press another button that sounds a different bell signaling the ladies
: to prepare for a lineup.  Within a minute or two, the arrive in an adjoining
: hallway.

: "Ladies, please introduce yourselves," the shift manager says.  The ladies
: walk out from the hallway into the parlor, one by one.  They are usually
: attired in attractive evening dresses, but may be wearing lingerie or even
: swimsuits--but their dignity is rightfully protected; nothing too revealing
: is permitted.  As they enter, they smile at you and say, "Hi, I'm (name)". 
: When they finish lining up in front of you, the shift manager asks you to
: select a lady.  You will usually have at least half a dozen ladies to choose
: from.

: 4.2  I'm terrible with names!  What do I do?

: Don't feel bad; most customers can't remember all the ladies' names.  It's
: fine to say, "The second from the right," or "The lady in the blue dress."
: But I have almost always succeeded in actually naming the lady I want.
: Here's how:  As the first lady comes out, memorize her name.  Now, as
: the second lady comes out, decide whether you'd rather party with her or the
: first lady.  If you want to party with the second lady, forget about the
: first lady and memorize the second lady's name.  Continue this process as
: the lineup forms.  This way, you only have to remember one name, the name
: of the most attractive woman you have seen so far.

: Don't feel bashful!  Once the lineup is complete, go ahead and say who you
: like!  It is frustrating, uncomfortable, and awkward for the ladies to remain 
: on display for customers who are scared to make a selection.  I have seen
: this happen time and again.  Believe me, you have nothing to fear!  And you
: can't go wrong; all the ladies at the Chicken Ranch are wonderful.

: 4.3  What if I don't find any of the ladies attractive?

: This has NEVER happened to me.  Some of the Chicken Ranch's ladies are so
: beautiful I can't figure out what they're doing in a brothel; they should
: be models!  But if you REALLY want to back out now, at least do so
: gracefully.  Turn to the shift manager and say something like, "The ladies
: are all lovely, but I don't see what I'm looking for.  Thank you for your
: time."  They'll remember you as a true gentleman!

: 4.4  Okay, I've chosen a lady.  What next?

: The lady will take you to her room.  It's small but comfortable, with one
: chair, a dresser, a double bed, a table, a window, and a closet.  Many of the 
: ladies have televisions and VCRs, along with portable stereos.  Sometimes
: there is a bookcase with books and magazines.  There may be tasteful
: paintings or prints hanging on the walls, or a wall or the ceiling may be
: mirrored.  The walls are wood paneled and the rooms are well lit and very
: clean.  Most of the rooms have very nice adjoining bathrooms.  These living
: conditions are far superior to the dark, cramped cells at some of the other
: brothels.

: The lady will sit next to you on her bed and ask what you would like to do.
: She may show you a menu, complete with staggering prices.  Again, there's no
: need to be bashful; this is this lady's job!  Tell her exactly what you want
: to do and you'll receive a party more to your liking.  At this point, the
: lady will state a price or ask how much you had in mind spending.

: 4.5  How much will my party cost?

: That depends on many factors:  the individual lady, the services you want her
: to provide, your bargaining abilities, and your appearance and demeanor.

: The ladies are "independent contractors".  That means that, to a limit, each
: sets her own prices.  Some ladies charge more than others, though competition
: tends to keep their prices in line.

: Last time I checked, the "house minimum" at the Chicken Ranch was $100.  For
: that, you received oral or hand sex only, and your party would last no more
: than half an hour.  A "straight lay" or "half-and-half", including more time
: and some real foreplay, usually runs $200 to $400.  Many more options exist
: for those who can afford them.  Some customers have paid thousands of dollars
: for extravagant parties.

: Prices are negotiable--to a limit--even if they're written on a menu.  Often,
: you can get a reduced rate simply by asking nicely or saying you can't spend
: as much as the lady is requesting.  If the lady persists in demanding more
: than you think is reasonable, stand up and say you'd like to try someone
: else.  It's most likely that the lady you've chosen will come around at this
: point and lower her price.  If not, let her escort you back out to the
: parlor, and ask the shift manager for a lineup of ladies who would be more
: willing to give you a party in your price range.

: Finally, bear in mind that the ladies are people.  They dislike (and will
: probably demand more money from) customers who are mean, drunk, smelly, or
: shabbily dressed.

: 4.6  What forms of payment does the Chicken Ranch accept?

: Cash and travelers' cheques.  They also have an ATM machine so you can use
: a credit card--but you'll have to pay your credit card's cash advance fees.

: 4.7  Enough about the money!  Are we ready to have sex now?

: The lady will ask you to drop your pants, but don't get excited--she wants
: to inspect you.  She will check for sores, venereal warts, chancres, puss
: discharges, pubic lice, etc.  You will be sent on your way if you don't pass
: inspection.

: Next, you pay the lady.  She will take the money and leave the room.  She
: hand over the money to the shift manager and tell her what kind of party she
: will be having with you.  Meanwhile, you can go ahead and get undressed.

: Do NOT wait under the bed covers!  In most cases, the lady will want to party
: with you on towels or a bedspread ON TOP of the bed covers.

: When the lady returns, she'll wash your genitals, take her clothes off, and
: start the fun!

: 4.8  Are there any rules I should be aware of?

: No kissing on the lips; it spreads germs.  No sticking fingers inside the
: lady's orifices.  Condoms are absolutely required for both oral and vaginal
: sex.

: 4.9 Could you describe some of your experiences?

: Sorry, but this is a respectable FAQ.  Besides, I draw the line at relating
: my sexual experiences to strangers.  If you really want to know what it's
: like, go book a plane ticket to Las Vegas!  You won't be sorry!

: 4.10 (Grumble.)  All right, what happens when we're done? 

: The lady will remove your condom and wash your genitals again.  Then you'll
: both get dressed and she'll escort you back to the parlor.  She will say
: goodbye, then go to fetch the shift manager, who will let you out the door
: and buzz you back out of the front gate.

: 4.11 Am I expected to tip the lady?

: Some of the ladies have signs in their rooms saying that tipping is
: appreciated.  A few may even go so far as to ask you for a tip.  My policy is
: that the agreed-on price should be adequate for standard services (i.e., no
: tip).  But exceptional service (e.g., an unusually long party or exquisitely
: creative foreplay) warrants tipping.  When I do tip, I make it at least 10%
: of the cost of the party.

: 4.12 Hey, this looks like the end!!!  Where's the rest of this FAQ???

: I know it's incomplete, but I'm eager to get this FAQ posted.  I'll add more
: to it and repost as time permits.  This includes the Golden Egg Club info,
: alluded to but not present in this document (yet).

: A.  GLOSSARY

: FAQ - A list of Frequently Asked Questions, with answers.
: Lady - A woman who sells her services at the brothel.  Calling her a whore or
:    prostitute would be like calling Itzhak Perlman a fiddler.
: Lineup - The process by which the customer selects a lady with whom to party.
:    The ladies "line up" in from of the customer so that he may make a choice.
: Party - The service for the customer pays.  May include, but is not limited
:    to, sex.
: Russ Reade - Overseer and part owner of the Chicken Ranch.
: Shift Manager - The ladies' supervisor.  She greets customers, organizes
:    lineups, maintains records, answers the telephone, etc.  In many ways, her
:    role is similar to that of a "madam", but she is NOT the top-level
:    manager and does not own the brothel.
: STD - Sexually Transmitted Disease

: PLEASE remember to tell the shift manager that Blake Wilfong sent you and
: should receive credit!  This is the ONLY reimbursement I receive for my work
: on this FAQ!  Thanks.

: --
: -----------------------------------------------------
: Blake Wilfong  Houston, TX  blake@phoenix.phoenix.net

