A WOMANS GUIDE TO CANINE-HUMAN SEX

     Hi my name is Susie and I am writing the how-to guide for all
the women out the there that have considering engaging in canine-human
sex but were unsure of just how to go about it and those women who
would like to enjoy it more.
     I consider myself an expert on the subject as I have been
practicing it for over the past twenty years. In that time I have made
love with hundreds of dogs and have found many exciting and satisfying
methods. I have also introduced many other women and several men to
the pleasures of canine sex.  I hope that this how-to guide will
help you enjoy your love making more.
     There are three areas that I will cover in the guide and they
are,
     Oral sex, Vaginal sex and Anal sex

                         Oral sex
     Ugh you say? well don't say that so fast.  Oral sex is a two
way street, most male dogs will spend much more time, than a human
male, providing you with the most electrifying oral sex. A dogs
tongue is much longer and is able to get to many places that a man
can't or won't. A dogs tongue is covered with thousands of tiny buds
that when he licks your clitoris you will feel sensations that you
did not know existed.  How many of you have had a man give you
analingus, not many i'll bet.  A dog has no such problem and if you
have never experienced a tongue working from the very top of your
slit all the way around to the end of your crack you have truly
missed something grand.
     There are several very good positions for you to try if you
want to try this.  If you decide that your preference is
clitoral/vaginal only I have found one position that works very well.
I recommend that you sit on the edge of a bed so that the back of your
calfs are flat against the edge of the bed. You then lay straight back
picking your feet up and placing the on the edge of the bed. This will
expose your clitoris, labia and vagina to his waiting tongue.
     For those of you who would like more but want to prevent him from
trying to mount you then the ideal position is reclining on your side,
on pillows or cushions, on the floor. All you have to do at that point
is to raise your leg a little and he will have access to all of your
pussy and ass.
     For those of you that want that ultimate experience you will have
to give give him full and total access to you. This can only happen
when you are down on all fours.  Now I know that staying in that
position for more than a few minutes is not comfortable at all but
there is one way that I have found that will be both very comfortable
and very enjoying.  You kneel at the edge of your bed and then lay,
the upper part of you body, face down onto the bed keeping your knees
on the floor. You then spread your knees apart as much as you dare
giving him full access to you.  One very important item to remember
while you are considering what position you would like to use is that
if you do not wish to have him mount you this is not the position to
use.
     Now that we gone over all the wonderful things that a dog can do
for you with his tongue lets talk about what you can do with yours.
I am well aware that there will be very few of you that would even
consider taking a dogs cock into your mouth let alone actually doing
it. I know there are many arguments as to why not, like its inside
that furry thing and its got to be dirty.  According to several
doctors and veterinarians I have spoken to a dogs cock is three times
cleaner that a mans cock. A dog will spend considerable time every
day cleaning it, how many men do you know that do that?  If you still
feel that this is something that you cannot do don't worry as there
are quite a few women who have never done it with a man.
     If you are now ready to try let me just say this so that you may
be better able to enjoy what you are about to do. I find that although
there is little physical stimulation for me while I am sucking him off
I find I have a tremendous amount of mental stimulation.
     Most male dogs will gladly allow you to suck them and there are
many positions to do it in. I find that two positions are very good
and are easy to accomplish.  For those of you that are just starting
out and are nervous about doing it I recommend that you have him lie
on his back with you next to him. This will give you full access to
his cock and be able to control all the action.  For those of you who
would like to try something a little more daring I recommend you lie
on your back with the back of you head slightly raised by a pillow and
have him stand over you with his cock within reach of your mouth.
I say that this position is for the more daring because he may
begin to hump while being sucked in this position and you should be
ready if that happens.
     Before I describe the best method of sucking him I would like to
bring one thing to your attention. Most men like to have their balls
rubbed or fondled while having their cocks sucked, this is not so with
all dogs. Before starting any sexual activity with him touch and feel
his cock and balls to insure that he does like it.
     The next thing that we are going to do now that we have gotten
into the position that we prefer is begin to get him aroused. I find
that the best way is to first gently stroke his cock through his
sheath until it begins to enlarge and slip out. Once you have at least
an inch of him out of his sheath you should gently take him into your
mouth. You should continue to gently stoke him with your hand while
you begin to slowly move you mouth back and forth over his cock. As
you do this his cock will continue to enlarge until he reaches full
erection.  While you are moving your mouth over his cock you should
try to place the tip of you tongue into the indentation on the head
of his cock as this will cause his to reach his climax.  As he
gets closer to his climax you will notice that at the base of his cock
there is a very large bulge known as his knot. This knot is used
to hold his cock inside a female (dog or human) until he has finished
ejaculating. If you are considering going further then you should make
a mental note of the size of his cock and knot. The average large dog
has a cock, when aroused, that is 5 to 7 inches long and 1 and half
to 2 inches wide. The knot for a dog whose cock is 6 inches long and
1 and a half wide can be two inches long and 4 inches wide.
A dog is different than most mammals as from the time they
begin to become aroused until they begin to get soft they will have
some form of ejaculate coming from their cocks. At first arousal
there is a clear thin fluid that tastes like iron and has the
consistency of water, this is his precum that is for lubrication so
his knot will slip into the females vagina. At full arousal is when
he actually will produce his sperm and you can tell when this happens
as his cum will begin to have a slightly salty taste to it.  You
should be aware that his cum will never be as thick as a mans but he
will produce about twice as much as a man.

                         Vaginal  Sex
     Good old screwing thats what this is all about, well not quite.
There are a number of things that differ from sex with a man other
than the dog can't get you pregnant. When I have been asked about
how to go about it the first time I usually recommend that you have a
human friend there to help you.  I know that in most cases that is not
possible for any number of reasons.
     At this point I will assume that you have made the decision that
you are going to have sexual intercourse with a large dog (75 pounds)
and that you are there by yourself. I will be your companion and you
may visualize me there. The first discussion is how are we going to do
it. There are two prime positions to use, the old standard doggy style
and the safer missionary style. If we choose the missionary position
you can prevent him from getting his knot inside you and we can be in
control the whole time. Ok you want to try the missionary position,
you are siting on the edge of a chair, a towel under you to prevent
his and your cum from staining the chair, your ass at the very
edge legs spread wide apart.  Here comes your lover he sees your warm
and wet pussy and at once begins to sniff and lick it. You call him up
to you so that he has his front paws on the chair his body between
your legs. You take his sheath in hand and begin to stroke it gently
and as he begins to swell and extend you guide the end of his cock
into you. As he feels the wetness and warmth of you he begins to hump,
slowly at first then faster and faster until you feel his knot at the
mouth of your vagina. As his cum slowly fills you up you too reach
climax.
     If you allow him to put his knot inside you YOU WILL be together
until he gets soft which usually take 15 to 20 minutes but can take up
to 45 minutes.  The major benefit of the missionary position is that
if you do not want to have his knot inside you you can, in almost all
cases, prevent it by holding it in your hand.  I find that the most
satisfying and arousing sensations I feel are caused by the knot
being inside me. I try to have my lover put his knot in every time we
make love.
     Doggy style is just that, you are down on all fours with him.
This position will allow you to fully experience the pleasure of
having a canine lover.  In the section on Oral sex, the last position
I described is the one that I recommend using.  You make one small
change to how your body is on the bed though. Rather than having your
whole torso on the bed you should use your belly button as the guide.
To be in the proper position your belly button should be even with the
edge of the bed. Now that we are in the proper position and
comfortable, we are ready for our lover and here he comes.  He will at
first sniff then lick you and after the tastes and smells begin to
arouse him he will move to a position to mount you.  A dog will
usually come up directly behind you and mount you that way.  Once he
has mounted you he will begin to hump trying to get his cock into you,
if this is something new to him then you should guide his cock to
where it should go, he will do the rest. As the two of you continue he
will move faster and faster with his strokes until you feel his knot
begin to swell and rub at the lips. At this point we have decision
time, If you want it inside you you should totally relax and allow him
to slide it in. If you don't want it in you you should reach back with
your hand and try to hold the knot with your hand.  A simple note of
warning, if you use this position and then decide that you don't want
his knot in you you may not be able to prevent it from happening. If
his knot is in you you WILL have to wait until he gets soft. I do not
recommend you trying to remove it as unless your vagina is very large,
it will hurt and may even injure you. So if you have any doubt's at
all I would stick with the missionary position.
     Well we are now mated and as his knot continues to swell inside
you you begin to feel this warm feeling inside you. I have been told
that a dogs body temperature is higher than a humans and that his cum
is even warmer, and as he cum's deep inside you you can feel that
warmth.  His knot is now fully expanded, his cum is flowing into you,
your juices begin to flow mixing with his and at this point you begin
to feel his knot begin to throb.  I found that while doing it doggy
style as his knot pushs against the inside walls of my vagina it
also pushes against the inside of my clitoris and that the sensations
of that happening drive me wild.  I have reached orgasm up to seven
times in a row while this is happening.

                         Anal sex
     Well here again you may say ugh! but hold off for just one
minute.  This section is for you women that have tried the first
two sections and want more.
      There are some things that you should consider before you
attempt allowing your lover to mount you for the purpose of anal sex.
You should be experienced with anal sex, by this I mean you should
have no difficulty taking your human lovers cock into you.  You will
not always be successful with achieving penetration and if you do you
may wind up with his knot inside you.  If you now still want to try it
well lets go.
     In finding a good position for male canine/human female anal sex
I have tried dozens of positions and found many that work and many
that didn't.  I have found that the best position is one called a
modified doggy position. To get into that position you should first
find a open space, very private of course, inside your house or
wherever and place a soft pad on the floor for you to kneel on. You
then kneel on the pad and get into a normal doggy position. To achieve
the correct position you now bring your knees forward and tuck them
up into your stomach. Now that you have done that you rest the front
of your body on your elbows.
     Great you have mastered getting into the proper position, now
there are some other things you have to do before you call to your
lover.  We have this little problem with lubrication that has to be
solved with something otherwise this will really hurt.  I have found
that natural oils such as olive or corn oils work best and will not
hurt your lover.  NEVER NEVER use vaseline or that like as they will
make the dog sick or even worse.  Well now we know what lubrication
we are going to use we must now apply it. It is not enough to just
smear a little oil on the outside of your anus for this to work, you
must lubricate both outside as well as inside.  The easy part is the
outside and I leave that until I am in position to do.  To lubricate
the inside I have found that if I lubricate as much of the inside of
my anus as possible I have no discomfort at all. I use a large
eyedropper, that will hold about an once or so of oil, to get the oil
inside and when I have done that insert one finger to spread the oil
over the muscle.
     Congratulations you are now ready, you have done your inside
lubrication and are in the proper position and here comes your lover.
You should now take your oil and rub some on your anus and the area
around it. After he has mounted you you will probably have to guide
him into you. Once he is inside he will hump just like an vaginal sex.
The same precautions concerning his knot should be used here as well.
I do not recommend those just starting out to try having him insert
his knot.  As there is not as much stimulation with anal sex you
may want to gently masturbate while he is in you.  There is one way to
increase the stimulation and that is place a dildo into your vagina.
This will transmit his movement inside you to you clitoris and help
you reach climax.