




********************************************************************************
HOW TO SUCK COCK - A 14 LESSON TUTORIAL
WITH TECHNIQUES FROM SOME OF THE EXPERTS.
 
 
LESSON ONE
 
I am not sure if it was because I grew up in a household with 
brothers or whether I would have had the same feelings and 
inclinations had I been an only child but I do know that from the 
time of my earliest memories I have been fascinated with penises.
.Let's talk about the "basic penis." I regard oral sex as the 
highest form of expression of love that can be exchanged between 
two people. Hopefully this information will help you to break down 
any barriers which you might have that would prevent you from 
expressing your love in this way and from receiving a 
reciprocation from your male companion.
.First things first.  LOOK at the cock. I do not mean a 
cursory glance not a hurried, surreptitious examination. Take 
enough time that you convince your companion that some kind of 
treat is in store for him provided he will allow you to do with 
him, and particularly with his cock, exactly what you want.
.Place him flat on his back on your bed, in a well lighted 
room. Take his cock in your hand and LOOK at it. He probably will 
not have the will power to stay soft, but then again you are 
worshipping his very essence.  Few men can stay soft under these 
circumstances, when it is apparent that the person LOOKING at his 
cock is worshipping.
.When you first start to touch him, his cock will become hard 
and be in a state where your examination will be meaningful. 
Wouldn't it be nice if going to the doctor for an examination was 
as enriching?
.The cock must be hard if you are to be able to note the 
important parts-those parts sensitive to stimulation by your lips 
and tongue.
.The first thing you will note is whether or not he is 
circumcised.  Circumcision is not universally practiced: there are 
advantages and disadvantages to penises in both conditions from 
the standpoint of providing oral caresses that bring the highest 
kind of delight to your man.
.Next take a close look at the shaft of the penis itself.  
There is a bulbous part of the organ near the outer end, slightly 
larger in diameter than the shaft, which is often called the head. 
Technically this is the glans penis (comes from the Latin glans 
which means acorn.  Look at it closely; does kind of look like an 
acorn doesn't it?)
.The outside perimeter of the glans penis is the corona. This 
joins the head to the shaft. This is the most sensitive spot on 
the penis. It is toward this ridge that you will direct most of 
your attention when you are giving head.  Follow this ridge around 
to the underside of the penis. You know that I like to call it the 
underbelly. I am particularly fond of the underbelly!
.You will notice a point of juncture where the two ends of 
this irregular circle come together. If your partner is not 
circumcised, this will also be the point where the foreskin is 
attached.  This tiny area is easily the most sensitive spot on his 
entire body, and it is possible to bring your partner to climax 
simply by gently tapping the tip of your tongue directly on it.  
Spend time caressing the glans and those areas immediately 
surrounding it.
.Beneath the glans is the shaft of the penis. The shaft does 
not have many nerve endings and does not, therefore, provide a man 
with any high degree of stimulation when caressed either manually 
or with your tongue to the exclusion of the glans penis itself.  
It always amazes me to note the number of confirmed cocksuckers 
who believe that sucking up and down on the shaft will get the guy 
off. That's not it folks! If it works it is because the back of 
your throat is playing tricks on his glans penis. Your throat is 
giving head to his head!
.Beneath the shaft are the testicles (balls, jewels, call 
them what you like, but let's not ignore their significance). The 
testicles are extremely sensitive to pain and are not usually 
considered subject to erotic stimulation to any particular degree.  
Not true!  You can add a high degree of pleasure for him by paying 
the right kind of attention to the balls! 
.Now lets go back to the shaft of the matter. The opening in 
the tip of the glans penis is the meatus.  Here is where the cum 
spurts. (I could have said semen is ejaculated but I did not want 
to sound too professional).
.There are other parts of a man's body which respond with 
alacrity to oral stimulation.
.Many men are particularly sensitive around the nipples. The 
first time I kissed my partner's nipples he shot before I had the 
chance to even get near his cock. While I have not been able to 
duplicate this in the laboratory setting (he hates to go near the 
lab with me) my partner still gets extremely turned on by my 
lingual nipple caresses.
.So LOOK at your partner's penis. Study it. Learn its areas 
of special sensitivity completely and be ready to apply your 
knowledge to his body with your tongue and with your lips when you 
bend your loving head over his cock. There is nothing that you can 
do which more clearly shows your love for him than the worship you 
can provide his cock! 
 
LESSON TWO
 
.The sad fact is that most people, men and women, do not have 
the slightest idea of how to suck cock. Most seem to think that 
simply by making a cunt of their mouth, closing it around a man's 
penis, and bobbing their heads lustily up and down until he 
climaxes automatically makes them expert cocksuckers.  Au 
contraire!
.Consummate skill is required to suck a man's cock and 
provide him with the highest degree of pleasure possible.  When I 
first started my quest I really had no one to turn to for advise 
and counsel. It was all hunt and suck. Hunt and suck.  Find that 
one technique that could and would set him on fire!  I had to 
learn from my experiences and while I would not want to deny you 
the innate pleasure that these experiences will bring I would hate 
to see you lose a great companion because of your inexperience and 
lack of expertise.
.Let's assume that you have taken that opportunity to LOOK at 
his penis.  To explore each area of the penis to find the most 
sensitive parts. That you have gotten beyond "Parts is parts" and 
recognize that some parts are more equal than others.
.In order for you to observe your man's reactions and get the 
most information possible about his responses try the following:
.While his erect penis points toward the ceiling, cup his 
balls in one hand and gently, using only your tongue, lick softly, 
but carefully along the entire underside of his erect organ.  As 
you suck along the underbelly you will learn those areas that give 
him the greatest pleasure when your tongue is touching them.  
Unless he is made of stone, your partner will provide you with 
vivid clues as to which areas are most pleasurable.  
.As you discover these areas of enhanced pleasure concentrate 
on them. For most men the most sensitive area will be the point 
where the ring (or corona) of the head and the foreskin are 
attached. Or were attached prior to his circumcision.  By 
continued licking and tapping along this area with your tongue you 
are going to bring forth a geyser. If you are not skilled and you 
want to please him in a hurry I suggest that you get him off in 
this manner in order to become familiar at first hand with the 
nature and delight of his climax.
.As he is getting ready for climax you will note changes in 
his penis. These signs will be the same every time he climaxes so 
that you can prepare for his cum properly. The head of the cock 
may swell somewhat larger then it is during the normal course of 
his erection.  He may thrust his hips forward as he wants to send 
his
body hurtling out his cock with his cum. And for most men, 
immediately prior to the cum, there will appear at the tiny, 
lovely lips at the tip of the cock a clear drop or two of fluid. 
When you see this or feel the opening at the meateus through his 
condom you know that the moment of truth is at hand. Launch the 
torpedoes, full cum ahead!
.Where should you be when you are sucking his cock?  Between 
his legs, on top of him, in a sixty nine position?  Where?  
Because of the structure of his penis, as well as the structure of 
your mouth, lips, tongue, and teeth, you can provide the highest 
degree of sensation to yourself and your partner by kneeling 
between his legs and approaching his cock from the bottom rather 
than from the side or the top. Don't believe me? Try the various 
positions (I describe in later chapters techniques to be used with 
each position). See what works best for you and your partner. 
 
LESSON THREE
 
.Place his stiff cock inside your mouth but do not tighten 
your lips around the shaft. With your head begin a circle motion.  
The cock will slide to different places in your mouth as you 
continue the circle motion.  Watch your teeth on this one.  A 
kneeling position will suffice but it is also effective when your 
partner is on his back and your head is directly over his cock.  
The circle should be executed in both clockwise and 
counterclockwise motions in a slow purposeful manner. I found many 
guys in New York who seem to prefer this technique above all 
others. I met one guy who could circle a cock for hours and I 
found myself having multiple orgasms while his mouth circled my 
cock. I didn't lose my hard-on after each cum.  When the technique 
is performed correctly it means many hours of unadulterated 
pleasure.
 
LESSON FOUR
 
.With your man sitting in an elevated position and you on 
your knees in front of him lift his hard cock to reveal his balls.  
With your tongue find the underside of his balls.  Now, while 
resting his balls on your wet tongue, lick in an upward motion to 
the very tip of his cock.  It is permissible to use your hands in 
this technique.  It is bettor to do this technique several times 
in succession-like licking a lollipop or ice cream cone. I grew up 
down south. And one thing about.southern boys. We learn early how 
to get if off quickly when the need is there. And the lollipop 
lick is the one technique in this book which few men can tolerate 
for long periods of time without cumming.  
 
LESSON FIVE

. Right now lets discuss a technique that is probably the 
most common cocksucking technique in the world.  Take his cock in 
your mouth but not deeply.  We will get to deep throating later 
on.  It's great, not over-rated, but if you want to be an expert 
at deep throat start with the right techniques and work your way 
down, so to speak.
.Take his cock in your mouth by sliding your moistened tongue 
lovingly over the head until your lips close around the shaft at 
the point just behind the corona.  Don't just open your mouth and 
close it around his cock. Slide it in. He will enjoy it much more.
.Encase the shaft of his penis with your hand. Remember the 
shaft is relatively insensitive to any kind of stimulation.  By 
enclosing his penis with your hand you give him the sensation of 
having his penis encased.   
.Now you have several options.  Try twisting your head from 
side to side making sure your moist lips stay in contact with the 
coronal ridge.  While doing this gently move your hand up and down 
the shaft.  When he climaxes he may want to push your head further 
down the shaft of his penis. He wants to envelop you with his 
cock. As you are learning his climax you will miss the fine points 
if you deep throat at this time.  Instead gently suck around the 
corona as he climaxes so that you can intensify his pleasure and 
increase the force of his orgasm.
.As you gain more experience you will be able to tell exactly 
when his climax is approaching and you will be ready for that 
initial spurt out the rubber.
 
LESSON SIX
 
.There is one further refinement to this basic technique 
which will heighten his orgasm. If you place your thumb at the 
very base of the penis in such a way as to block the tube through 
which the cum spurts, the semen cannot escape even though he is 
spasming and going through the reflex action of ejaculating semen.
.If at the same time you suck vigorously on the head of his 
cock you can delay his cum for several long moments. When you 
finally allow the cum to spurt it will last much longer and be 
just as intense as a result.  Even though you delay the cum for 
only a few short moments you will be surprised by the intensity of 
his cum.
.These techniques are the basis of cocksucking. Do not go 
beyond them until you have become an expert, not only in the 
techniques themselves, but also in the reading and interpreting of 
your partner's responses to such a point that you know exactly how 
he is getting off on what you are doing.  When you have reached 
this point, you are ready for the more subtle, more advanced 
techniques.
.Don't be so slavish that you miss out on the fun of self 
discovery. Find out what works for you and for your partner and 
make your cocksucking as individual as your signature.  After all, 
you want your man to pick you out in the dark among hundred 
slobbering cocksuckers.
 
LESSON SEVEN
 
.One of the first things you encountered when you first 
started to suck cock was a gag reflex.  Most men seem to want to 
force their cocks down your throat as far as they can get it. 
Particularly at the moment when they cum!  
.Consider for a moment that the average length of your oral 
cavity is three to three and a half inches while the average 
Caucasian cock length is five to five and a half inches. The laws 
of nature would seem to dictate that getting all that cock into 
your mouth is an impossibility.
.It can be done. You probably know someone who can do it and 
that is why you purchased this book to begin with. It is possible 
to master the necessary technique.  I don't want to be boring, but 
if you understand your anatomy you will begin to understand the 
requirements that allow you to take his hard cock into your mouth 
and down your throat.   The biggest obstacle to taking all of his 
cock down your throat is the fact that there is a bend of almost 
ninety degrees behind your tongue leading down into your throat. 
So the first thing to do is get the cock past that angle.
 
Get past the angle of the dangle!
 
.In order to practice this, get in a position where you can 
turn your head in such a way that your mouth and throat lie almost 
in a straight line. The best position to accomplish this is to lie 
on a bed so that your head is near the edge with your body 
sprawled across the bed so that your head is tipped sharply back.  
This position will put your mouth and throat nearly in a line and 
will allow your partner to approach you in such a way that 
insertion of his cock can be made so deeply that his pubic hair 
presses against your lips.
 
LESSON EIGHT
 
.Today we will practice mastering physical reaction that must 
be alleviated before the art of deep penetration can fully be 
enjoyed. The natural tendency of the body to gag when a foreign 
object such as a deeply thrusting cock being forced down your 
throat.  You can overcome this tendency by completely relaxing 
your throat at moment the insertion is made. It is equally 
important that you maintain this relaxation during the entire deep 
throating.
.Let him put his cock down your throat and hold it still 
while you find the most comfortable way to proceed.  Because of 
your position you will not be able to move or to offer him any 
greater stimulation than simply keeping your mouth tightly closed 
around his throbbing cock.  If you are able try to stimulate his 
underbelly with your tongue, do it!
.You will only be able to relax and take his cock in this way 
if you completely thrust your partner.  Your partner is in full 
control.  He must initiate and maintain all the motion.  This is 
the only exercise in which you relinquish your control of the 
situation to your partner. He will relish this for the simple fact 
that for the first time he can insert his cock as deeply down your 
throat as he wants to. .Now your partner begins an in and out 
movement that is just like fucking.  He should start slowly, 
especially if this is a completely
new experience for the two of you.  After all if he hurts you he 
cuts himself off from one of the great pleasures in life.  His 
only other requirement during this exercise is to keep the motion 
in the same direction throughout this oral exercise as there is 
simply no leeway for him to vary the motion from side to side.
 
One other word of caution.
 
.Don't let your partner get carried away at the moment he 
starts to cum.  At that spectacular moment he will be able for the 
first time to thrust his cock all the way inside your oral cavity 
and that is the most important lesson of this exercise!  His only 
other requirement during the exercise is to keep the motion in the 
same against your lips as he cums.  Because of your position in 
bed you will not be faced with the problem of swallowing his cum. 
And this is not just because he has a condom on his dick.  The 
reason is because he has gotten his cock BEYOND your gag reflex! 
Without the rubber his cum would shoot directly into your stomach!  
If both you and your partner understand what it is that you are 
trying to do as well as the possible problems that may "cum" up 
along the way no harm or discomfort will happen to either of you.
.It is possible that not everyone will learn the "deep 
throat" technique but this inability does not make you any less a 
cocksucker.  You must allow your throat to relax completely while 
your partner is thrusting his cock this deeply down your throat.  
To do this long enough for your partner to completely get it off 
is very difficult and may require practice beyond this day.  It 
may be that you will be able to take your partner completely down 
your throat, but you will not be able to maintain proper 
relaxation of your throat to until he shoots his load.  Hopefully 
your partner will understand that this is not a rejection of him 
or of what he is offering you, and it is my sincere desire that 
you not stop here and think that you will never master the "deep 
throat" technique.  
.Continue to practice this lesson. I know couples who have 
devoted ten months to this lesson alone.  Continue to practice 
this technique because your practice will allow you to take his 
cock deeper into your throat each time and for longer periods of 
time.  Ultimately you will succeed.  If you have the desire you 
will get this one down pat!
 
LESSON NINE
 
.Now lets turn to another portion of your partner's anatomy 
which should not be ignored-the family jewels. Here are two 
objects which can enhance your partner's feelings more than any 
other.  Many people do not think of the balls as primary sexual 
objects. Many men are extremely sensitive and just as in lesson 
eight there must be a certain amount of trust built up between the 
two of you before he will willingly let you have undisputed use of 
these two pearls of delight!
.For today's lesson begin by gently licking his balls with 
your tongue. As your partner becomes more trusting you may begin 
to play with his nipples with your fingers gradually increasing or 
decreasing the intensity as you gauge how he is responding.  You 
may want to gently caress his cock with your hand while you are 
bathing his balls with your tongue.
.Remember that the balls are extremely sensitive to pain and 
he will lose his trust in you if you do not respect any limits he 
places on them just as you have the right to place limits on the 
back of your throat until you are completely ready to receive him.
.It is possible once you have built up this trust to take 
both his balls in your mouth. He will be more receptive to this if 
you thoroughly wet them with your tongue prior to taking them into 
your mouth.  Unless your partner is into the new fad of complete 
body shaving he will have tiny hairs on his testicles. By giving 
the balls a complete tongue bath prior to taking them into your 
mouth, you will have pressed these hairs down along the surface of 
the sac and will not inadvertently cause pain by pulling on them.
.This may seem a small lesson but you will discover an 
entirely new world of sensations for your partner when you take 
the time to get to know his testicles!
 
LESSON TEN
 
.I hesitated to include this into your lesson plan but 
finally I decided that if you are aware of the most safe way to do 
this technique that my responsibility for giving you the tools to 
be the best cocksucker you can be will be satisfied. 

Analingus.
Putting your tongue to his anal opening.
Ass sucking.
.Before you even consider doing this, make certain that your 
partner is clean. Immediately out of the shower.  Place a piece of 
Saran wrap over the butt.  At no time should your tongue come into 
contact with the anal surface itself.  
.For this lesson place your partner on his back with his legs 
in the air and his knees close to his shoulders.  This spreads his 
buttocks apart and allows you access to his butthole.
.You are probably under the impression that actual 
penetration of the asshole itself is necessary for your partner to 
receive the most complete enjoyment of this technique.  Not so 
mojo!  The nerve endings around the anus itself have no 
discrimination and you will get him off just as well and as 
thoroughly by licking around the area as if you stick your tongue 
up his butt!
.As with some of your other lessons this technique will not 
usually be enough to get him to cum, but I feel that it is 
important to know all aspects of your partner's body in order to 
give him the most complete pleasure you can.  You may find that 
after many hours of oral pleasure you need to have other areas to 
concentrate on in order to give him the satisfaction he deserves.
.Analingus is a powerful stimulant and when combined with 
other activities such as vigorous hand stimulation on his cock 
will cause a rapid and powerful cum!
 
LESSON ELEVEN
 
.For most of our lessons the only thing required is yourself, 
your partner, and a condom. Maybe some Saran wrap. A plastic glove 
or two.  Well, another toy that will enhance your pleasure is a 
mini-
vibrator.  For this lesson you may want to start with your finger. 
Then as you and your partner become more accustomed to each other 
you may find him a little intrigued about the vibrator and what it 
can do for him.
.As you are giving head begin a slow playful search around 
his
ass.  Many men are particularly sensitive in this area and it will 
enhance the sensations that your mouth and tongue and throat are 
giving his cock to feel a finger playing with his butt.   As your 
partner relaxes and allows you access, gently insert your gloved 
finger into his butt.  Go slowly exploring the velvety sensations 
along the sides of his opening.
.When your finger is inside his asshole completely you will 
be at the area of the prostate gland.  Massage of this gland by 
your finger will produce some of the most delightful sensations 
your partner has yet to experience.  I remember going to the 
doctor for a physical the first time I felt this sensation. I 
could hardly wait to get home and have my partner try it out on me 
again.  While it was a bit embarrassing to cum in the doctor's 
office, the feelings that the doctor inadvertently produced were 
so strong that I wanted to experience them again and again!
.A gloved finger is really all that is required for this 
lesson. However some members of the Cocksuckers Club of America 
report to me that a mini-vibrator works exceptionally well for 
this type of stimulus. It is just the same length as the average 
finger and due to the vibrations that it produces the sensations 
against the prostate gland are even more enhanced!
.If your partner likes this stimulation you must then 
discover which method he likes best. Some men prefer an in an out 
movement with the finger or the vibrator while others do not. I 
personally find this painful--too much like a stab in the dark.  I 
prefer the finger or vibrator to be placed against the prostate 
gland and left there to do its most. Whichever method your partner 
prefers is the one you should use.
.One other point. When your partner cums there will be a 
natural tendency for him to push the finger or vibrator out of his 
asshole.  The asshole muscles are spasming and anything in the way 
will be forced out.  But to maximize his pleasure you must not let 
this happen. Hold your finger or the vibrator firmly in place--
this will help to stimulate the sperm production to its maximum.
.Many people have questioned me about a vibrator around the
cock itself.  Does it add to the sensation or not?
.It does for my partner, it does not for me. That seems to be 
the consensus of opinion of other readers of FRENCH CUISINE 
MAGAZINE as well. I suggest as long as you have the vibrator handy 
anyway, try it around the penis.  When you are licking his balls.  
When you are licking his asshole.  If he gets off on it, then feel 
free to use the vibrator around his dick and balls.  If he hates 
the sensation obviously don't try it again.
 
LESSON TWELVE
 
.There are times when you will want to get him off in a 
hurry!  I always say that Southern boys learn this one first and 
then expand their repertory from that point. But because I want 
you to become an expert at all aspects of oral lovemaking I 
deliberately waited until now to introduce this technique.  It 
differs from lesson four in that you are a more consummate 
cocksucker now.  He will love it all the more if he realizes that 
this is not the only trick you have down your mouth!
.It is a very simple technique and if you understand your 
partner's basic cock anatomy you will grasp this one easily.  
Place your lips around the head of your partner's cock and twirl 
your lips wetly and gently around the coronal ridge at the back of 
the head of his penis.  This does not require any great 
cocksucking skill and it works simply because this is the area 
that is most sensitive on your partner's cock.
.It is not necessary to be a skillful cocksucker.  All that 
is necessary is for you to find the most sensitive area around the 
coronal area.  By sucking on this area of his cock continuously 
you will produce a quick powerful cum.  It is not necessary to bob 
your head up and down on his cock to get him off.  One other use 
of this technique is to get him hard again after he cums and you 
will soon find him rip roaring to go
again.
 
LESSON THIRTEEN
 
.Don't be surprised if you find yourself going back to this 
lesson for seconds.  We discussed briefly at the end of lesson 12 
a technique to get him going again if he has recently cum.  Today 
after you have gotten your man off, lets concentrate on some 
techniques to get him back on again.  Not just to get him hard but 
to keep him hard.  Hard enough to want to cum again!
.After he has cum you may need other techniques to keep him
hard and to keep him interested.  Many men (not all but a good 
portion of us) are exhausted by a single cum and while it is 
possible to get your partner up again you have a long way to go 
before you get him to cum again.
.Cocksucking alone at this time is usually not enough to get 
him off.  You will need to combine some of the techniques you have 
learned earlier with your basic cocksucking technique to stimulate 
the juices for a second and third go around. Don't hesitate in 
your exploration of his body at this time. His nipples, his balls, 
his asshole.  His armpits.  His earlobes.
.For the second cum you are free to really get into his body 
and explore all those erotic areas that you missed when you were 
concentrating on his cock exclusively.  His navel.  His toes.
.One of the things I find most exciting about the second cum 
is the lack of expectation that you must get him to climax within 
a certain time frame.  You have all the time in the world to 
really give his total body a complete tongue bath.  You can 
explore his body safely and completely and really get to know the 
total body as well as you know his delightful dick!  This is 
merely a sign that you are becoming a true connoisseur of 
cockflesh.  A title I am proud to hold.
 
LESSON FOURTEEN
 
Soixante-Neuf
Sixty Nine
 
.Sixty nine is not always the perfect way to provide your 
partner oral satisfaction. Inadvertently one of you will "let up" 
your end of the cocksucking in order to experience the subtle 
pleasures the other partner is giving you.  For this reason I have 
included it as the final lesson. Many people think that the deep 
throat technique is the ultimate pleasure you can give your 
partner. Actually I believe that sixty-nine is the ultimate 
pleasure.
.Done correctly and unselfishly when both of you are 
completely in tune with each others innermost desires, the sixty 
nine is the ultimate. But because of the problem mentioned earlier 
in this lesson, most people practice it too early and it becomes 
an intensely satisfying experience for one partner at the expense 
of the other.  When you are completely on each other's wavelength 
you will discover that this is the most effective way of giving as 
well as receiving pleasure.
.The element that must be in place is simple: Both of you 
must
be consummate cocksuckers!  If you have a partner who is not in 
the least interested in giving head and only likes to receive it 
then to attempt sixty-nine is to ask for unhappiness in your 
relationship.
 
TECHNIQUES
 
.As editor of FRENCH CUISINE MAGAZINE I sometimes send out 
questionnaires to our members to find out more.  I question them 
about their desires, and their favorite ways to practice safe and 
sane oral sex
.Here are some of the most popular variations on cocksucking.
 
.THE BUTTERFLY FLUTTER
 
.The best position for this very sensuous cocksucking 
movement is kneeling over your partner. If he is on his back kneel 
between his legs. Or kneel in front of your partner while he 
stands. I like this position because the cock feels thicker in 
your mouth and throat and you have complete freedom to play with 
his balls while performing this maneuver.
.This technique was first introduced to me by a cocksucker in 
northern California. There was a notorious movie theater in 
downtown San Francisco with a darkened balcony.  A cocksucker's 
haven. And this guy had us lined up.  You knew from the moans 
emanating from the guy's throat who was getting his cock sucked 
that this guy was that one in a thousand who knew how to please a 
variety of fresh cockmeat.  It felt so good that I studied him 
closely while he was sucking cock. Not only did I observe the guys 
who were getting the radical suck, but I got down close to the 
cock and observed how he was maneuvering around it. He created the 
basic vacuum pressure on the cock but only enough pressure to pull 
the cock into his mouth ever so slightly.
.With his lips firmly wrapped around the guy's big swollen 
cock head and shaft he would gently flick the tip of the cock with 
his tongue.  With his lips open around the cock at a depth so that 
he could touch the tip of the cock with the tip of his tongue.  
With his lips around the cock shaft he would make an up and down 
movement with his tongue. He would flutter his tongue up and down 
the tip of the cock.
.I recommend you try it. It will drive your Butterfly Flutter 
partner back into your mouth at any hour you want him there. After 
several minutes of this continue with the basic vacuum suck.
 
.THE TRAVELING FIGURE EIGHT
 
.After you have become comfortable with the basic vacuum suck 
and you have become accustomed to his cock deep in your mouth and 
throat try this action. It is guaranteed to take his
breath away.  With your lips firmly wrapped around the cock shaft 
try very slowly to reach the base of the shaft or as close to it 
as you are comfortable.  Your nose should be buried in or at least 
touching the pubic hairs at the base of the cock.
.With your nose trace a figure eight as if the figure eight 
were lying on it's side.  Your figure eight motion should be three 
to four inches long.  Slowly travel up the shaft of the cock to 
the head, doing the figure eight motion. Keep doing this motion 
and let your lips firmly travel up and down the cock shaft.  Do 
this for as long as you are comfortable with it. Believe me your 
man is floating in orbit as his wildest dreams of the ultimate 
blow job are coming true.
.I give credit for this most erogenous technique to a member 
of "The Cocksuckers Club of America" who lives in Oregon.  He and 
his partner were on vacation down in Southern California and they 
visited me while here. After seeing him scrape his partner off the 
ceiling when he did the Traveling Figure Eight, I rushed right 
into my bedroom and perfected it on my own partner!  When you get 
tired of the movement slow down and return to the basic vacuum 
suck.  


.By this time you are becoming more and more confident with
your partner. His cock feels great as it fills your mouth and 
throat.  The cock is becoming harder and warmer as your warm moist 
mouth and throat create friction by going up and down that big 
beautiful cock. It is time to cool his tool just a little with 
this technique.
.I take full credit for this one myself! From tho time I hit 
puberty I was fascinated by cocks. Big ones, little ones, cut 
ones, uncut ones, crooked ones, straight ones. All shapes, all 
sizes. I wanted to feel them down my throat!  Combine this very 
basic love of cocksucking with an inherent fear of not being able 
to take cock and completely satisfy the customer and you can 
imagine how I felt. I needed a technique that would feel good in 
my mouth and would feel good for my partner. Here's what I came up 
with:
 
.Go down on the cock shaft as far as you are comfortable. All 
the while your lips should be firmly wrapped around the shaft.  
Open your mouth as wide as you can and suck in as much air as your 
lungs will hold. While sucking in air let your open mouth travel 
up to the cock head.  Your up stroke motion should end at the head 
of his cock just as your lungs fill with air. Now with your mouth 
still open let the air in your lungs out slowly through your mouth 
as your opened mouth travels back down the cock shaft. This 
technique cools the cock on the up stoke and warms the cock with 
your hot breath on the down stroke. Do this movement as long as 
you like then return to the basic vacuum suck method.
 
CONGRATULATIONS!
 
You are doing just fine and he loves it!
 
Keep it up as long as you are comfortable with it.
 
.For his added pleasure and to give you something to play 
with reach up and fondle his balls.  Or go up even further and 
play with his nipples. This will give him something else to 
concentrated on so he doesn't pop his cock yet.  If you feel he is 
about to cum stop what you are doing and let him cool off for a 
few minutes.  After all you are having fun and you want to enjoy 
his cock as much as you can until you get tired of it.  Then let 
him pop his cock!  But not yet.  He likes it too much and he wants 
it to last as long as you can keep it going.
 
 
.THE CIRCLE
 
.Place his stiff cock inside your mouth but do not tighten 
your lips around the shaft. With your head begin a circle motion. 
The cock will slide to different places in your mouth as you 
continue the circle motion. Watch your teeth on this one.
.A kneeling position will suffice but it is also effective 
when your partner is on his back and your head is directly over 
his cock. The circle should be executed in both clockwise and 
counterclockwise motions in a slow purposeful manner.
 
 
.THE LOLLIPOP LICK
 
.With your man sitting in an elevated position and you on 
your knees in front lift his hard cock to reveal his balls. With 
your tongue find the underside of his balls. Now, while resting 
his balls on your wet tongue, lick in an upward motion to the very 
tip of his cock. It is permissible to use your hands in this 
technique. It is better to do this technique several times in 
succession-like licking a lollipop or ice cream cone.






-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.
