                             Golf Rules
        (With parenthetical commentary by a course owner.)

1.   Each player shall furnish his own equipment for play, nor-
     mally one club and two balls.  (No bag or cart?  That tees
     me off.  I don't even get a Caddy, I suppose.  I'd prefer
     pink.)

2.   Play on a course must be approved by the owner of the hole. 
     (And does the owner approve of this duffer par nix-cellen-
     ce?)

3.   Unlike outdoor golf, the object is to get the club in the
     hole and keep the balls out of the hole.  (Although it is
     perfectly all right to dangle the balls over the hole.)

4.   For most effective play, the club should have a firm shaft. 
     Course owners are permitted to check shaft stiffness before
     play begins.  (And if the proposed shaft does not meet the
     course owner's specifications for stiffness, course owner is
     free to try a few strokes and check player's balls for
     spring and resilience.)

5.   Course owners reserve the right to restrict club length to
     avoid damage to the hole.  (Although there is nothing to
     stop them from experimenting with heretofore untried
     lengths, either.)

6.   The object of the game is to take as many strokes as neces-
     sary until the course owner is satisfied that the play is
     complete.  Failure to do so may result in being denied
     permission to play the course again.  (Players who complete
     play without executing a satisfactory number of strokes may
     try again if the owner is willing;  however, practicing on
     another course with reportedly satisfactory results does not
     entitle a player to automatic return privileges on the
     owner's course.)

7.   It is considered bad form to begin playing the hole immedi-
     ately upon arrival at the course.  The experienced player
     will normally take time to admire the entire course, with
     special attention to well formed bunkers.  (Rolling hills,
     well-trimmed foliage and properly watered fairways are also
     worthy of compliment, and the owner will be listening for
     acknowledgement of such.)

8.   Players are cautioned not to mention other courses they have
     played or are currently playing to the owner of the course
     being played.  Upset course owners have been known to damage
     players' equipment for this reason.  (SAY no MORE!)

9.   Players are encouraged to bring proper rain gear for their
     own protection and that of the owner.  (Owners have been
     known to lend rain gear to unequipped players, but this is
     considered bad form, and may result in the player not being
     invited to the owner's tournament again.)

10.  Players should assure themselves that their match has been
     scheduled, particularly when a new course is being played
     for the first time.   Previous players have been known to
     become irritated if they discover someone else playing on
     what they consider to be a private course.  (Nonetheless,
     course owner has final say, and may be inclined to invite
     more than one player for purposes of pleasure and profit. 
     Let the player beware.)

11.  Players should not assume a course is in shape for play at
     all times.  Some players may be embarrassed if they find the
     course to be temporarily under repair.  Players are advised
     to be extremely tactful in this situation.  More advanced
     players will find alternative means of play when this is the
     case.  (The TRULY advanced player will behave like a gentle-
     man and affect not to notice the condition of the course,
     remarking that it appears to be kept at its usual high
     standards, and may even learn to use the altered conditions
     to his benefit and playing pleasure.)

12.  The course owner is responsible for the manicuring and
     pruning of any bush around the hole to allow for improved
     viewing of, alignment with, and approach to the hole. 
     (Unless it is known that a particular player's predilections
     tend otherwise.)

13.  Players are advised to obtain the course owner's permission
     before attempting to play the back nine.  (There are no
     exceptions to this rule.)

14.  Slow play is encouraged.  However, players should be pre-
     pared to proceed at a quicker pace, at least temporarily, at
     the course owner's request.  (Be advised that this is rare,
     however.  Course owners, as a rule, take great pleasure in
     players who luxuriate on their greens and can appreciate a
     well-tended course at length.)

15.  It is considered outstanding performance, time permitting,
     to play the same hole several times in one match.  (Make
     sure the owner has no objection to the use of extra clubs,
     however.)

16.  The course owner will be the sole judge of who is the best
     player.  (Fortunately, most course owners tend to be fairly
     delicate in these matters, preferring a discreet silence to
     harsh honesty, which dovetails very nicely with the players'
     tendency to lie outrageously on their score cards.)          
                                