
MASTURBATION TECHNIQUES AND INFO.
(C) 1986


I love masturbation. I can't get enough of it. I guess you could call me a
geek, but a geeky fag who doesn't have AIDS. I will explain a few various
techniques on how to experience pleasure in the privacy of your own home, or
whereever you enjoy most.

1. places

Some of the places i've jerked off in include..my home, the woods, public
bathrooms, my bathroom, my bathtub, on kitchen table, etc. I will now go into
detail.

my home

There are many fun things you can do around the home. One of my favorites
is the chair. This is probably the most sexually exciting place to make it. I
know I know...bed...but seriously, a chair is the best. First you strip down
and use whatever cream is available, hand lotion, vaseline (best), raw eggs
yoke, jelly, or any other lubricating substance. Then you spread your legs,
and come up facing the front of the chair with your knees on the ground and
lean against the front part of the chair. This doesn't work good on
recliners, since you can't lean in to it (having a footrest) and therefore,
you cannot "pump" the chair...now slide your dick in and out of your clenched
hand and enjoy. Another good way is to lay upside down in the chair and screw
yourself backwards. It's fun to watch the cum leak down your dick. I like
holding a mirror and watching while I get fucked. In the bathroom it's fun to
sit on the toilet and just whack off usingeither a shaking jerking motion or
using a cream to simulate a wet vagina engulfing your cock. use your other
hand to shake or vibrate your balls to get the maximum amount of cum out of
them. I like to eat my cum after I orgasm, but that is not necessary. While
on the point of cum, it's often fun to get it on your hands or a dildo and
use it to perform anal sex. Hot cum feels great in an anal massage. Dildos
are best made from a cork off a bottle, that way in case the cork slips up
your ass you have something to hold onto. I use my fingers (preferably my
thumb) to stick my finger as far up my ass as possible. I can get my finger
almost to my intestinal tract which creates the greatest feeling imaginable
when I have cum in there with it and pulling it in and out. Vaseline also
works nicely, but as I said the smell and taste of cum is the greatest.
Maximum penetration is possible only while you are laying on your back with
your lags spread and bent back towards your chest. The taste of the remaining
cum with the smell of the anus makes you really feel horny. Anal sex with a
dildo is the closest thing you can get to being the girl having sex. With
masturbation, this is possible of being both the giver and reciever.

other places

I find it exceptionally pleasing to relax and have sex in the woods. I lay on
the ground and perform various sexual rituals until my climax..which should
give you about 10 minutes of pleasure, and then a short feeling of tiredness
and withdrawal. Get dirty! If sex is to be it's best, try new things and
experiment. While performing sex upon yourself, nothing else will matter. I
would do anything to get the greatest orgasm possible. Anal sex is best
before the orgasm as the feel and smell of your insides adds to the orgasm.

about sperm

Sperm is not dirty, and is a part of you. You my swallow it and feel no
harmful effects. As a matter of fact, it tastes good..Girls enjoy eating it,
so why shouldn't you? So hold your hand out and catch all that wet juicy
sperm...jerking off again in your own sperm is really great, and the smell,
unlike anything you've smelled before...if you've just pissed before hand, it
may smell sorta bleachy, but that's the smell of healthy developing sperm.
This kind tastes the best and should at least be tried, before you say "no
way, I'am not eating my own cum, that's disgusting" Trust me, sex is nothing
without enjoying your own love juices..in your anus or your mouth..use it to
your advantage.

positions

I normally lay on my back with my legs spread wide or I use a dildo while I
jerk..to get the maximum anal effect push out your ass as though you were
taking a crap. Now you can slide a larger object or several fingers up there
and havethe time of your life. Another method is to havesex upside down. Or
prop your ass up with a couple of pillows and vibrate anally. Or lay on top
of the pillows and thrust downward, as though you were performing the
"standard" sex act of screwing a girl. This is the most realistic, but makes
you feel like you haven't done shit afterward. Another good place is the bath
tub, where you can lay down, put vaseline on your hard cock and perform sex
underwater. The heat of the water and the masturbation is better than any
drug. During masturbation, you can get higher than with any drug, safely, and
no-one will ever know. I like thiking about my favorite girl, and closing my
eyes while I'am doing it and picturing what it looks like in my mind, dick
sliding in and out of a hairy pussy hole. The only thing we can't simulate on
the male body is tits. Too bad, can you imagine yourself milking, and
swallowing some more of your juice. That would be great, but anal and penis
sex is the best. Try it, anyone will find it enjoyable, and it is safe, and
will cause no bodily harm, scars, pain, or noticeable changes in personality
or male/female ssexual preference...as a matter of fact, it is not "Gay",
since all you are enjoying is the orgasm and performing the function you were
created to do..fuck girls...where her pussy is your hand. So go to it guys!

--MR. ED/*-FYTRS 1986--DISTRIBUTE EVERYWHERE!
A TEXT FILE DISTRIBUTED BY *-FYTRS, (C) 1987.
THANKS TO: 6 GOLDS & SECTOR SMASHER


