The first in the MC series:

The Marauding Cock of Lubbock presents,


              " I fucked the South-Plains Maid of Cotton."            
              
   It was a cool spring day as I hit the street near Broadway and 
University, and I was lookin for love. I turned East on Broadway, 
and headed down by the tanning salon, when I was startled by a 
young girl who ran into me, pursued by a swarthy salon employee. He 
was screaming something about unpaid bills and was wielding a large 
baton that the cops here in Lubbock use. She fell to the ground 
after our collision, and fearfully clung to my muscular thighs, 
resigned to her fate. 
   Seeing that the man was intent to do her harm, I pulled the 
Glock 17 (Killeen Gold Edition tm) from its shoulder rig and 
proceeded to blow large holes in his evil, though well taned, chest.
He dropped to the ground like a Bow-Head drops classes, and blood 
ran into the street. 
    "Come on," I said, "The cops will be here soon and I don't want 
them hassling me."
     With that I grabbed her arm roughly and pulled her close to 
me. Her perky brests brushed lightly against my 52" pecs as we 
touched. We hurried down the street to where the Cock-mobile was 
parked. She was kind of in shock as I placed her in the passenger 
seat. Her well rounded thighs were clearly visible beneath her 
short skirt as I belted her in. Safety first.
      After a few minutes of driving, I asked her name. She was 
starting to become coherent, and mumbled her name. She said that 
the dead goon was trying to collect back charges for tanning. She 
said that she need the tanning sessions to keep up her apperances, 
because she was the South Plains Maid of Cotton. She burst into 
tears.
      I stroked her head and told her that the punk would never hassle 
anyone again. I kept up the illusion of a caring, and sensitive man 
while my mind toyed with the idea of screwing another famous 
Lubbock woman!
      We drove for a few minutes, when she suddenly grabed my inner 
thigh. 
      "You saved my life," she wispered, " I'll do anything you 
ask. Anything. You've shown me that a man can be sensitive and 
caring, without being a oversexed thug."
      Without another word she ripped the front of my Levi's (tm) 
open exposing my rapidly hardening 7" cock. Her tiny hand reached 
out and grabbed it, struggling with the circumference of the 
massive tool I posses. Her hand started a slow, rythmic stroke up 
and down the length of my cock. She made a little whimpering sound 
as her hand completed each pass, and her pretty ass was squirming 
around in the passenger seat as she tried franticly to stimulate 
her self on the seat.
    Naturally, I hauled major ass back to the Cock's Lair, where I 
planned to pound this little jewel of the Emerald City. By the time 
we had pulled into the garage she had both hands on my meat and was 
jerking for all she was worth. Sweat was beginning to bead between 
her breasts as she moaned and fondled my cock, and she was looking 
me in the eyes with pure lust. It was time for the Marauding Cock 
to make his move.
    I grabed both of her hands away and held them. 
    " You have to earn it first, you fuck-bunny."
    She almost whimpered in disappointment. We got out of the car 
and headed into the house. Once inside the front door, she began to 
claw my rippling chest. Once again, I stopped her. 
    "The Marauding Cock gets what he wants. You will earn any 
pleasure you get from me."
    I half expected her to leave with me being all commanding and 
shit, but her eyes glazed over with pure delight. She liked being 
teased. A guy teasing a woman? Yeah right.
    I figured I had better exploit this chance to turn the tables 
on the weaker sex. I commmanded her to do a striptease for me.
    She started unbottoning the sweater she had on over the 
miniskirt slowly and with deliberate care. She reached the last 
button and slowly opened her sweater, reavealing a nice set of 
breasts, with no bra. Her nipples were hard and she wet her finger 
in her mouth and played with each, while looking me straight in the 
eye. Damn. 
    She turned her back to me and reached behind her with both 
hands, and began to unzip her skirt. The zipper slowly moved down 
her skirt and she began to wiggle her ass free from the denin as 
she continued. Soon the skirt fell free from her nicely rounded 
ass, reveiling a well tanned butt and no underwear! She turned to 
face me while running her hands up and down her body, touching 
every smooth curve, every supple mound. She slowly slid her hand 
down to her pubes and began to stimulate herself, while the other 
hand cupped a breast. She was begining to glisten with sweat and I 
could see evidence of her excitment as tiny beads of dew on her 
thighs. She dropped to her knees and crawled toward me, all the 
while playing with herself. 
    By now I was so hard I could have scratched glass. I had to have 
this babe. I was naked in about the two seconds it took her to 
crawl towards me. I sat into my chair in front of the Super-Spiffo 
Keen 486 70mhz clone, and laid back as she approached. 
    She knew what to do, and with a moan she enveloped my cock in 
her spokesmodel mouth. Her mouth was like hot, wet, velvet. She 
twirled her tounge about the head several times, and then began a 
series of long strokes to the base of my cock. Her head began to 
bob faster, and I began to feel and orgasm coming on. I grabbed her 
head with both hands and pushed her completely down onto my massive 
cock. At first she began to choke, and I was worried that I might 
not get the effect I wanted without a murder on my hands, but she 
soon adjusted to the length and began to work my cock with the 
muscles in the back of her throat. Her free had was touching her 
clit with a vengance and she began to sway with the movement of her 
hand. She was about to come. 
    I was about to also blow spooge, so I decided to help her 
along. I reached down to her breasts and grabbed her left nipple 
roughly, pinching it and rolling it between my fingers causing her 
to moan. Well, the moaning was comming out of her larynx, and 
traveling directly into my cock, and it felt, well, neato. I 
decided to pinch her nipples harder and was rewarded by even more 
moans of pleasure. With my other hand, I smacked her ass sharply 
and she began to touch herself even faster. I smacked her again as 
I came, and she began to scream as she came too, stimulating the 
hell out of my cock. I blew my load into her throat as she sucked 
for all she was worth. I released her head and she began to bob 
furiously, massaging my swollen member with both hands and 
whimpering with effort as she struggled to get all of my seed from 
my cock. She slowed down as the glow from her orgasm subsided and 
began to touch herself again, slowly at first.
     She looked up at me and said, "mrthhe morpphfe suddef meek"
     I told her to take the cock out of her mouth and try it again.
     She slapped her forehead, and slowly slid of the end of my 
cock from her pretty lips, and began to stroke my cock with her hand.
     " God, that was great. I haven't come like that in a long 
time," she moaned, taking occasional drags from my dick like a 
ciggie. "You really know how to treat a woman!"
     Just wait until I leave you naked on your parents doorstep 
with come on your face, I thought. Oh well.
     "Turn around", I said, " and put your face on the carpet if 
you want me to fuck you". She smiled and spun around quickly, 
placing her cute ass in the air. She was fully exposed to me, and I 
sat down behind her with my legs on either side of hers, my now 
stiffening prick pointing upwards. She looked back, and seeing my 
cock, reached for it. I smacked her ass hard, and told her to touch 
nothing but herself. She happily complied and both of her hands 
flew to her now swollen clit, touching and pulling upon it.
     I grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and kneaded them roughly 
like a pissed off pizza maker. She moaned slowly and the tempo of 
her ministrations increased. I slowly inserted the index of my 
right hand into her well lubed pussy, and her ass moved to push all 
of my finger into her box. But instead of letting her do that, I 
held my finger constant, so that no matter how hard she tried, It 
was only in a fraction of an inch. She whimpered and begged for the 
rest of it, but I told her I was going to get my way or I would 
stop. She agreed. I began to slide the finger in all the way and 
out slowly. Her hips began to undulate again, so I smacked her hard 
on the ass. She stopped moving, and moaned in greed. I then 
inserted two fingers and began to slowly move them in and out, up 
and down. The wetness was now flowing in vast amounts down her 
thighs, and I was about ready to replace my fingers with something 
else. I finally inserted three fingers in to her steaming cunt and 
twirled them about. She began to buck and thrash about moaning 
uncontrollably, begging me to fuck her. I hit her hard three times 
on her now reddening cheeks, but it only seemed to excite her more.
I stopped suddenly, withdrawing my fingers with a slight sucking 
sound. She cried out in frustration.
    "Stand up, you useless fuck-monkey, and straddle me"
    I laid back as she stood up, watching the beads of sweat 
running down her back. She turned around to face me, her nice legs 
spread above my midsection. I grabbed her roughly and pulled her 
down onto her knees. I could feel the heat from her twat, for now 
it was only a few inches from my cock. Her belly was on mine and I 
looked into her wanton face. She wanted to fuck me bad. I decided 
to have some more fun. I grabbed a handfull of hair and told her 
what I wanted her to do.
    " I want you to get my cock nice and wet before I fuck you. But 
if you attempt to put it in, I will leave."
    With a firm grip on her hair I watched as she moved down to rub 
her clit on my cock. She pistoned her hips up and down, soaking my 
privates as she rubbed my cock against her cunt lips. She was working 
furiously to do the task I had assigned. She was panting and crying 
out that she wanted to be fucked, and I decided that it was time to 
end her torment.
    I flipped her over, her nipples standing at attention. She 
spread her legs wide, and I moved between them. I grabbed her hips, 
positioning my massive tool for the final assault on her tortured 
pussy. I pushed hard and slid to the hilt into her box. She moaned 
and moved her hips like a Kenmore (tm) washer that was out of 
balance, like with three pairs of jeans or something. She was as 
hot as a volcano as her cunt clutched and sucked upon my cock. I 
began to pump like a piledriver, sliding my huge cock in and out of 
her swollen cunt lips. She began to howl like a cat, clawing my 
back, not at all like the prim and proper maid of cotton that she 
was supposed to be. With final thrust I shot my load deep into her 
cunt, with her howling like a banshee, knees over my shoulders, 
lost in the wonderful bliss of orgasm. Our cries subsided, and I 
began to slide out of her. She moaned as my cock slid slowly out of 
her, and reached to touch it with her hand as it left her body. 
    She smiled and moved to kiss me, but I wouldn't let her. She 
had my dick on her breath, and I told her about it.
    "I can't believe I fucked a loser like you!" she screamed.
    "Well I can't believe you did either!". Comebacks aren't my 
strongest point.
     She picked up her clothes and stormed out of the house. My 
dick was getting cold, so I put mine on too. This gave me a chance 
to check to see if the video camera had indeed gotten all of the 
action. Yep. 
      I popped the top on a Schaefer, and settled back to watch 
"Amazing Discoveries". But wait, what's this? This brunette on TV 
seems to need a dose of dick, and the Marauding Cock is just the 
Man to do it. Hmmmm. Karen McCay? Have to be pretty drunk, but I 
think I could do it. But now I need some Cheetos (tm) to replenish 
my strength. Maybe tomorrow. And tommorow is another day.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Will the Marauding Cock score with Karen McCay?
Will he be able to do all of the stuck-up, dick-deficient Babes in 
Chitwood hall in one afternoon?

Stay tuned for the further adventures of "THE MARAUDING COCK!"    

No modifications can be made to this file unless you really really 
want to.

