


                         GUIDE TO ORAL SEX
                             by Anonymous

                  
                        part 2: How to Eat Pussy

        Hey, I have a lot of respect for all you guys who like to eat pussy
because there are too few of you out there.  And I'm not the only woman who
says this.  Furthermore, some of you guys who are giving it the old college try
are not doing too well, so maybe this little lesson will help you out.  When a
woman finds a man who gives good head, she's found a treasure she's not going
to let go of too quickly.  This is one rare customer and she knows it.  She
won't even tell her girlfriends about it or that guy will become the most
popular man in town.  So, remember, most guys can fuck,  and those who can
usually  do it satisfactorily, but the guy who gives good head, he's got it
made.
        Most women are shy about their bodies.  Even if you've got the world's
most gorgeous woman in bed with you, she's going to worry about how you like
her body.  Tell her it's beautiful, tell her which parts you like best, tell
her anything, but get her to trust you enough to let you down between her legs.
 Now stop and look at what you see.  Beautiful, isn't it?  There is nothing
that makes a woman more unique than her pussy.  I know.  I've seen plenty of
them.  They come in all different sizes, colors and shapes; some are tucked
inside like a little girl's cunnie and some have thick luscious lips that come
out to greet you.  Some are nested in brushes of fur and others are covered
with transparent fuzz.  Appreciate your woman's unique qualities and tell her
what makes her special.
        Women are a good deal more verbal than men, especially during
love-making.  They also respond more to verbal love, which means, the more you
talk to her, the easier it will be to get her off.  So all the time you're
petting and stroking her beautiful pussy, talk to her about it.
        Now look at it again.  Gently pull the lips apart and look at her inner
lips, even lick them if you want to.  Now spread the tops of her pussy up until
you can find her clit.  Women have clits in all different sizes, just like you
guys have different sized cocks.  It doesn't mean a thing as far as her
capacity for orgasm.  All it means is more of her is hidden underneath her
foreskin.
        Whenever you touch a woman's pussy, make sure your finger is wet.  You
can lick it or moisten it with juices from inside her.  Be sure, by all means,
to wet it before you touch her clit because it doesn't have any juices of it's
own and it's extremely sensitive.  Your finger will stick to it if it's dry and
that hurts.  But you don't want to touch her clit anyway.  You have to work up
to that.  Before she becomes aroused, her clit is too delicate to be handled.
        Approach her pussy slowly.  Women, even more so than men, love to be
teased.  The inner part of her thigh is her most tender spot.  Lick it, kiss
it, make designs on it with the tip of your tongue.  Come dangerously close to
her pussy, then float away.  Make her anticipate it.
        Now lick the crease where her leg joins her pussy.  Nuzzle your face
into her bush.  Brush your lips over her slit without pressing down on it to 
further excite her.  After you've done this to the point where your lady is
bucking up from her seat and she's straining to get more of you closer to her,
then put your lips right on top of her slit.
        Kiss her, gently, then harder.  Now use your tongue to separate her
pussy lips and when she opens up, run your tongue up and down between the
layers of pussy flesh.  Gently spread her legs more with your hands. 
Everything you do with a woman you're about to eat must be done gently.
        Tongue-fuck her.  This feels define.  It also teases the hell out of
her because by now she wants some attention given to her clit.  Check it out. 
See if her clit has gotten hard enough to peek out of it's covering.  If so,
lick it.  If you can't see it, it might still be waiting for you underneath. 
So bring your tongue up tot he top of her slit and feel for her clit.  You may
barely experience it's presence.  But even if you can't feel the tiny pearl,
you can make it rise by licking the skin that covers it.  Lick hard now and
press into her skin.
        Gently  pull the pussy lips away and flick your tongue against the
clit, hood covered or not.  Do this quickly.  This should cause her legs to
shudder.  When you  sense she's getting up there toward orgasm, make your lips
into an O and take the clit into your mouth.  Start to suck gently and watch
your lady's face for her reaction.  If she can handle it, begin to suck harder.
 If she digs it, suck even harder.  Go with her.  If she lifts her pelvis into
the air with the tension of her rising orgasm, move with her, don't fight her. 
Hang on, and keep your hot mouth on her clit.  Don't let go.  That's what
she'll be saying too:  'Don't stop.  Don't ever stop!'
        There's a reason for that, most men stop too soon.  Just like with cock
sucking, this is something worth learning about and worth learning to do well. 
I know a man who's a lousy fuck, simply lousy,  but he can eat pussy like
nobody I know and he never has trouble getting a date.  Girls are falling all
over him.
        But back to your pussy eating session...There's another thing you can
do to intensify your woman's pleasure.  You can finger-fuck her while she's
enjoying your clit-licking talents.  Before, curing or after. She'll really
like it.  In addition to the erogenous zones surrounding her clit, a woman has
another extremely sensitive area at the roof of her vagina.  This is what you
rub up against when you're fucking her.  Well, since your cock is pretty far
away from your mouth, your fingers will have to do the fucking.
        Take two  fingers.  One is too skinny  and three is too wide  and
therefore can't get deep enough.  Make sure they're wet so you don't irritate
her skin.  Slide them inside, slowly at first, then a little faster.  Fuck her
with them rhythmically.  Speed up only when she does.  Listen to her breathing.


She'll let you know what to do.  If you're sucking her clit and finger-fucking
her at the same time, you're giving her far more stimulation than you would be
giving her with your cock alone.  So you can count on it that she's getting
high on this.  If there's any doubt, check her out for symptoms.  Each woman is
unique.  You may  have one who's nipples get hard when she's excited or only
when she's having an orgasm.  Your girl might flush red or begin to tremble. 
Get to know her symptoms and you'll be a more sensitive lover.
        When she starts to have an orgasm, for heaven's sakes, don't let go of
that clit.  Hang in there for the duration.  When she starts to come down from
the first orgasm, press your tongue along the underside of the clit, leaving
your lips covering the top.  Move your tongue in and out of her cunt.  If your
fingers are inside, move them a little too, gently though, things are extremely
sensitive just now.
        If you play  your cards right, you'll get some multiple orgasms this
way.  A woman stays excited for a full hour after she's had an orgasm.  Do you
realize the full impact of that information?  The potential?  One woman was
clocked at 56 orgasms at one sitting.  Do you know what effect you  would have
on a woman you gave 56 orgasms to?  She'd be yours as long as you wanted her.  

    The last advice I have for you is this:  After you've made her come,
made her your slave by giving her the best head she's ever had, don't leave her
alone just yet.  Talk to her, stroke her body, caress her breasts.  Keep making
love to her quietly until she's come all the way down.  A man can get off and
go to sleep in the same breath and feel no  remorse, no sense of loss.  But a
woman by nature requires some sensitivity from her lover in those first few
moments after sex.
        Oral sex can be the most exciting sexual experiences you can have.  But
it's what you make it.  Take your time, practice often, pay attention to your
lover's signals, and most of all, enjoy yourself.
