


                           GUIDE TO ORAL SEX
                                by Anonymous

                        part 1: How To Suck Cock


        Sucking a man's cock is one of the pure pleasures in life.  It's 
sad to think that many women don't appreciate just how much fun it can be.  
The reason for this is they don't know how to do it correctly and so it
doesn't end up being much fun.  Because if you mess up, you don't get 
your reward.  The cock doesn't get hard, the man doesn't have a good
time and the woman feels like a failure.
        But here's the good news: It's easy to learn how to be a terrific
cock sucker.  And I'm going to tell you exactly how.
        It doesn't matter what setting you choose, you can be home in bed
or parked on Sunset Boulevard, but seek whatever level of privacy you
need to feel relaxed and sexy.  For the purpose of this book, let's say
you're on a couch.  You're with a man you like and you know he'd love to 
have a good blow job about now.
        Slip down on the floor between his legs and open his fly.  Reach in and
touch his prick.  If he's hot for you, it will already be hard.  If he's
nervous, it may still be bent up inside his shorts.  Grab hold of his cock and 
lean up to his face and kiss him.  See if you can feel a response down below. 
Any movement is a good sign.
        Now pull his cock out and see how it stands.  If it's straight up,
you're doing great, otherwise, here's what to do: Pull his balls out.  If the
pants are too tight, pull them down.  Now hold his balls in your left hand and
his cock in your right.  Squeeze it gently down toward the bottom of the
shaft and get ready to suck.
        Run your tongue over your lips to get them good and wet and look
into your man's face.  He wants to watch you suck him off.  Men love to 
watch.  Now open your mouth just slightly to tease and excite your man 
and come very close to his cock.  Breathe on him, blow on him with your
hot breath.  Stick your tongue out again and reach for him, tease him.
        Making sure your tongue is dripping wet, begin at the bottom of his
shaft and lick upwards, slowly.  Turn your head sideways and pretend to 
take a bite of him, gently setting your teeth into his flesh.  Wet him again 
with your tongue and use your hand to spread the liquid around if
necessary.  A wet cock looks and sounds a lot sexier than a dry one.
        Your left had meanwhile is massaging those balls, perhaps scratch-
ing them lightly with your fingernails.  You may also want to reach
behind and underneath the balls to get to that ever-so-sensitive area
just before the anus, or even to run your fingers over his asshole very
lightly.  Since the muscle that cause erection originates back there, this
will produce a reaction in his cock.
        After you've licked his shaft lots of times and it's all wet and hard,
your man is going to start squirming with frustration if you don't start 
getting serious.  A quick look up at his face will let you know when you're
taking things too far.  Teasing is great...to a point.  A little experience
in cock-sucking will educate you as to just when that point has been
reached.  On one of your upward swings with your tongue, from the base 
of his shaft to the rim of his knob, don't stop.  Continue your long, wet
lick over the top of his cock, lingering at the hole in the center.  Stick your
tongue into it, if you can, but don't suck the head yet.
        Now run your tongue around the rim of his knob, all the way around,
making frequent passes on the tender skin directly facing you.  This is
where most men are the most sensitive.  But not all men!  That's one 
thing a good cock sucker has to learn to do, as soon as you're comfort-
able, that is.  Ask questions.  Each man is unique and so is his cock.
        Squeeze the shaft and see if some clear liquid pops up.  If it does,
dip your tongue into it and pull away.  It will stretch with you and look
fantastically erotic to your partner.  Now, make like you love the stuff.
Close in on that cockhead like it was chocolate ice-cream and take the 
whole knob into your hot mouth.  Hold it there.  Listen to him moan.  Now 
down quickly and take as much of his cock as you can get into your 
mouth.  Don't worry, you won't choke.  If you bend your neck in just the
right way, you can take it clear into your throat.
        Stay there, with the cock down your mouth, for just a moment.  Feel
it inside of you.  This can be almost as luscious as having one in your pussy.
It grows on you.
        At this point you can do several things.  This is one of them: Slide
back up to the tip of the cock and flick your tongue against it.  Your man will
be getting antsy now, wanting you to deep-throat him some more.  But
don't let him bully you.  If he had his way, it'd be over in two minutes and
what fun is that?
        Moving as fast as he can handle it (don't let him come yet), slide up
and down on his cock as if you're fucking him.  If he gets too close to
coming, stop, or at least slow down.  If you can't get all the way down to
the bottom of his prick, you can cheat a little by using that right hand of
yours to complete the sensation of deep throating him.  It still looks as if
you've got the whole thing in your mouth and still feels like it.  You can 
also slide your fingers, made in an O-shape around the shaft, up and 
down with the rhythm of your sucking.
        That's another thing.  Besides just mouthing the cock, you can suck it
which is quite different.  There are deep-sucks and little ones and both
feel damned great.  Your man may have a preference, however, so watch 
his reactions.
        Taking just the knob in your mouth, suck it as if it were a nipple or a
straw.  This feels so good tot the man, it makes my pussy hot just thinking
about it.  The other suck is a long, sweeping one, where you take the
whole cock and suck it all the way up like you would a popsicle and then 
go back and do it again, sucking on the way down as well.
        Here is an important thing to know: Any of these moves will feel great
the first few times or more, but after a while, it's as if the cock gets
immune to feeling.  When you sense this, it's time to move onto your next 
play.  You don't want the cock to go to sleep.  You want it constantly 
stimulated, almost, but not quite, to the point of orgasm.
        Which is just about where we are now.  You've got a raging hard-on in
your right hand and some tight balls in your left.  Lean back and take a 
look at it.  It's beautiful, isn't it?  Move your right hand all the way to the
base of the cock and squeeze it there.  This will cause the shaft to fill and
thicken, and by now the knob will be shining and smooth.  Continue to 
take the prick into your mouth and suck and try out all your various 
moves until you know the man can't stand anymore and he's's going to
blast off.
        What you do now is between you and your lover.  Personally, I like to
watch it shoot.  It gives me visual images for my wet dreams and besides,
it's a thrill to see the spurting cum.  It's amazing how much of that stuff
comes out and how far it shoots.  If you want to watch, you'll feel it
coming with your right hand and know when to back off.  You can even 
try to catch some on your tongue if you're fast.
        You might want to swallow it, some girls do, and lots of guys like to
have it swallowed.  Be careful to back up a little when it goes off though
or you'll gag on it and that's not too romantic.  Take it into your mouth
and hold it there and then swallow it.
        Another solution, and this is a nice one too, unless you're making love
where you can't make a mess, is to let the warm, wonderful juices gush 
into your mouth and then slide around the already wet cock.  It make it
so slippery and delightful to touch!  You'll want to run your hands
through it, feeling that hard cock all the way up, smoothing the glisten-
ing cum over the knob.  This makes a great sensual image too, for you
and for your man.
        Now you've given your man a blow job that he'll not forget. Believe me,
if you follow my instructions, this guy will want to see a lot more of you.
I've heard from men that one woman in fifty knows how to give good 
head.  The rest act like it's a big favor.  Which is another point i should
make.  If you don't like to give head and you've tried to learn to like it and
it still doesn't work, don't give up.  Maybe you'll like it more as you grow 
older.  Men say older women are much better at giving head.  But I
should warn you, there are a lot of out here who love to give head and
we're going to be stiff competition for you shy ones.  I know women who
can even have orgasms sucking cock.

        One final note, this time for the men: Don't push it.  There's nothing
more deadly than having a man push your head down there.  Just wait.
If she's into it, she'll get around to it, sometimes not until the second
time you make love.  And if you give her time, she'll learn to like it.  If she
doesn't enjoy it, perhaps your next lover will.

