For those who are interested in adult-oriented BBS'ing,  particularly
with live chatting,  I have just discovered a new adult online service
from PENTHOUSE MAGAZINE that is pretty interesting.  Although the
service is not free,  it is not expensive if you don't go overboard,
and it is available in most large cities through a local access
number.  The GIF's which are available feature Penthouse Pets and are
all 640x480x256 (VGA)... they are among the best that I have seen.

I've captured the description of the service and am including it so
that interested users can obtain the necessary software,  etc.,  to
try the service.  Try it,  you will undoubtedly like it!

---------------------------------------------------------------------


                   ** NEW NATIONAL ADULT SERVICE **

PENTHOUSE isn't just a magazine anymore;  it has expanded and joined
the PC modem world and is available NOW!

Announcing a national interactive on-line service for the 18 and over
crowd.

                                PETLINE
                     (The Penhouse On-line Service)

The Penthouse On-line Service (PETLINE) is an errotic, interactive
Videotex system with a variety of features:

**      Lively,  uncesnsored chatting with special appearances by the
        Penthouse Pets and enticing Penthouse hostesses.

**      Private,  intimate,  uncensored chatting when you find that
        special someone online.

**      High resolution downloadable GIF's in full color of selected
        Penthouse Pets (requires VGA display)

**      Personal ADULT ads.  Meet your fantasy partner ONLINE!

**      The Penthouse Forum to exchange intimate secrets,  fantasies,
        and ideas with other PETLINE members.

**      And,  of course,  electronic mail (E-MAIL) functions for
        special one on one communications when your special partner
        just doesn't happen to be online.

                                *  *  *

Calling all adults.  PETLINE is the service you've been waiting for.
While other systems must cater to a wide variety of interest groups,
we've designed ours just for erotic adult interests.

You can finally use your PC for pure pleasure and recreation,  and in
the privacy of your own home fulfill your fantasies and exchange ideas
with other adults who share your interests.

There has never been a service offered like this before.  Discreet,
but personal.  Exciting,  arousing,  and as intimate as you wish.

                                *  *  *

Joining PETLINE couldn't be easier.  Penthouse provides special front
end telecommunications software to make your PETLINE setup and online
navigation simple!

To obtain the PETLINE software,  Penthouse has established a special
number where you can call and immediately download the special PETLINE
telecommunications program.

Here's how to get YOUR copy:

1.      Set your modem for 2400 or 1200 baud, 8 data bits,  no parity
2.      With your modem,  dial 1-900-463-8300
3.      Download the software;  this will take 15 minutes at 2400 bps,
        or 30 minutes at 1200 bps.
4.      Charges for this call are $.50 for the first minute,  and $.50
        for each additional minute.  THIS IS NOT THE ACTUAL PETLINE
        SERVICE.

Using the PETLINE software:

1.      Instructions for accessing PETLINE and a listing of LOCAL
        access phone numbers is included with the software.
2.      Charges for PETLINE are relatively modest and will be billed
        to your credit card.
3.      Type "PET" (without the quotes) when you first access Minitel
        to get to PETLINE.

PETLINE is an adult service only for those 18 and older.  It's
discreet and it's available NOW!  PETLINE runs on "MINITEL",  an
exciting graphics-based formar that allows most PC owners to use this
graphics based service.



                TGC Adult BBS 812-284-1321/5465 14.4 HST