
  POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!
  POD!                                                                    POD!
  POD!  THE PERVERTS OF DOOM! present:                                    POD!
  POD!                                                                    POD!
  POD!                                                                    POD!
  POD!                       The Perverts Library #3                      POD!
  POD!                       -----------------------                      POD!
  POD!                           "Jism Baptism"                           POD!
  POD!                                                                    POD!
  POD!                                              by LEPER PENIS        POD!
  POD!                                                 7/5/89             POD!
  POD!                                                 POD#003            POD!
  POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!POD!


        The summer before I was supposed to enter Bible college, I wanted to
get a job on the boardwalk, but my parents were afraid I would be exposed to
girls in immodest clothing.

        That was why I wanted to work there, of cousre.  I was twenty-one, and
I had never even been alone with a girl.  My Daddy still warned me that jacking
off would land me in an insane asylum.

        So why didn't I rebel against these ideas?  Because I loved my parents.
I didn't buy their strict religion, but I didn't want to break their hearts by
rejecting it.

        Instead of getting a real job, I did thing like mow lawns and wash
windows for other Christian families.  It was a job with no surprises or
excitement at all-until the day I knocked at a door and it was opened by a
naked lady.

        Well, not really naked.  She wore shorts and a halter, but I had never
been so close to a woman showing so much skin.  She had tits like cantaloupes,
and her nipples showed dark through her flimsy bra.  Her shorts snugged up into
the cleft vee of her cunt.  She must have been forty, but her bare legs and
blonde hair blinded me to her age.

        "Jeez," she said, shocking me with this blasphemy, "ain't you ever seen
a woman before?"

        Then she shocked me more by sliding her eyes to the hard bulge and
seeping stain in my jeans.  I tried to cover my shame, but she grabbed my hands
and pulled me inside.  I found myself pressing against her, and in one
convulsive twitch, my cock spurted its long-denied load into my pants.

        I rubbed against her, shooting still more, and she rubbed back.  She
plastered her mouth to my lips and forced them open for her snaking tongue.

        "Was it good for you?" she asked.  Too innocent ot understand her
sarcasm, I nodded eargerly, and she laughed.

        Then guilt crushed me.  How could I explain the mess in my pants when
Mom washed them?  As if reading my mind, the woman insisted that I let her put
them in the washer.  Terrified, I clutched my belt.

        "Okay, I'll show you mine, and you show me yours," she giggled, and she
shucked her bra and shorts as if she had never heard of shame.  My eyes roved
hungrily over her naked tits, her dark-furred cunt.

        She pusshed me down in a chair and wrestled my soggy pants off.  Then
she knelt in front of me and licked the spilt cum off my cock.  It rose right
up again under her avid tongue, while I reached out to squeeze her huge
breasts.  Then she wriggled into my lap, facing me, and for the first time I
knew the feeling of a snug, wet cunt on my prick.

        Her cunt swallowed my cock all the way down to my balls while I sucked
on each of her tits in turn.  I squirmed and shoved up while she pumped up and
down, and soon her big ass was slapping noisily on my thighs while her cunt
sucked my cock with noisy gusto.  I thought I was hurting her when she started
to come, she screamed so much, but she made me fuck her even harder and faster.
I did some yelling of my own when I spurted a second tingling load into her
pussy.

        I made up for lost time that day, fucking her five or six times before
I even asked who she was.  It turned out she was the sister of the lady whose
lawn I was supposed to be mowing, on a visit from New York.  Mom had spoken of
this sister as "a wanton harlot" becuase she'd been divoreced.

q       I've had plenty of girls since then, and younger ones, but that first
time with a woman old enough to be my mother, was by far the best!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
That's it.  Of course, you must all realize, it's just a story.  I, Leper
Penis, lost my virginity at age 10 to my babysitter.  But that's another story.
 I'll also have to tell ya'll about what my dog and I do when my parents are
away, sometime.

EOF 7/5/89


