
When you were a child, one or more of your parents might have told you a 
semi-metaphorical tale about how you were created. This tale might have had as
its main characters people or animals or, of course, people and animals, but
that doesn't make a difference. The joys of love and affection were probably
conveyed, as were any other morals your story-teller wanted to imbed in your
spongy young mind. In all probability, however, no one told you about how you
can try to make babies with anyone, not just the person you love, and that 
people who don't love you will want to make babies with you more if you 
shave your dick and balls. After all, you could have been confused and 
decided that all you had to do was take a razor to your privates in order to
make a baby. That would have been bad. Now that you have come to the age
when the hair on your genitals curls up in recoil from its own self-disgust,
the techniques of lob and sack shearing can be passed on to you without the
looming hassle of legal recourse. 

To understand how all the steps interact, you must first know the desired 
effect. When you are out of the shower and drying yourself with an off-white
egyptian cotton bath towel, you will want to be able to run your hand all
around your genital area and feel what can be explained as a thunder-rod 
and nut-bag made of chamois. It should be free of skin catching stubble 
that will irritate your skin and the skin of those you rub against. For
aesthetic purposes, you'll want a gradient of hair running from your pubic
region to your belly. You do not want an abrupt lack of hair under your 
belt. The transfer from hairy to baldness should look as natural as 
possible. You will hope not to see blood spots, and if you were careful
with the razor, you won't. The end result is pleasing to touch and nice 
on the eyes. 

You will love your new improved loaf and jewels so much you won't be able to
stop stroking them for the first month. A top of the line shave requires 
three things. First, Oil of Olay sensitive skin soap in bar form. The 
liquid stuff won't work well. Women have known that foam and liquid soap
sucks for a long time. Everything but the bar is almost guaranteed to give
you razor burn on your pubic area. The pink Oil of Olay bar might work fine
too, but I have never used anything but sensitive skin soap. Second, a good
razor. The newer the knife, the better the shave. I use the light green, 
sensitive skin, disposable twin blade with the aloe moisture strip to shave
the balls I adore (Not my own, obviously. I am a woman.). I know someone
who uses the Mach 5, or whatever that pumped up, three blade, guy razor
with the gripping aerodynamic handle is called. Finally, you need a stable
hand communicating with a capable brain. Be careful, move slowly. Find a 
routine and a path that the razor glides over smoothly. Don't just start 
hacking away at your skin where it folds. Use your fingers to pull the skin
flat and then shave it. Light the room that you will be shaving in well. 
Keep the package area lathered. Double and triple check for smoothness. 
If you miss a spot, don't cry. If your hair is longer than an inch, first
use clippers or scissors to trim before you make way to the shower. When 
you are done, sprinkle some sexy smelling talcum powder down there and 
start feeling like a real man. Kama Sutra honey dust is an excellent 
product. You will have the kind of penis that deserves a blow job 
anytime. If you skip the dick shear and opt to soften just your sack, 
that is fine too. I can understand how a shiny strip of razor sharp metal
might frighten you into a limp eternity. Be clear on the aesthetic
consequences of that choice, however. This is not a decision you make once.
You must keep shaving to fight the stubble.

One more thing; the size of your penis will appear bigger after shaving
in exact proportion to the length your pubes were before you went bald.
Beware of your smoother, larger, more satisfying sex tool. Women will
want you again after they've had you once, so wear a condom! Babies
and STDs are bad if you don't want them. 

GunErekt
