                          Thumper
                       by Dave Read

     I hereby place this work in the public domain!


Mark was home for the week.  He had just finished up the first round
of spring-semester exams, and was looking forward to graduating in
May.  All he had to do was keep studying for three more months, and he
was free.  He had driven home with the obligatory sack full of laundry
to be washed, because his parents were going away to a convention in
New York City for the week, and they wanted him to keep an eye on his
kid sister while they were gone.  At 16, Mark felt she was capable of
doing this herself, but his parents always *had* been a little
nervous.

As he pulled into the driveway of their two-story suburban house,
Chris came running out the front door, and leaped on him as he climbed
out of the car.  "Mark!  I can't believe you're home!  We're going to
have such a good time this week!"  She chattered on as Mark
dis-entangled himself.  She's really growing, he thought to himself.
She's at least an inch taller than the last time I was home, and she's
filled out some, too.  He never would have guessed that she would turn
out to be so pretty.

Chris pulled him into the house to greet their parents,  all the while
talking as fast as she could, telling him about this guy she wanted to
date, or that one, and what her group of friends had done *this* time.
Mark heard very little of it.

Mark's parents had their bags already packed.  The convention didn't
start until Monday, but they wanted to leave that day so they could
have Saturday and Sunday to explore the city.  True to form, however,
they wouldn't leave until Mark was there to take over.  Mark's father
was very stern in explaining "we expect you to be a responsible young
man, Mark, and not let anything happen to the house while we're gone.
We know how wild people can get at your sister's age, so we want you
to keep her under control..."

"Oh, daddy," Chris cajoled, "I'm not *that* bad.  You could have left
me alone and not dragged Mark all the way back here to babysit me."

"We'll see about that for next time Christine.  If you behave yourself
this trip, perhaps Mark can stay at school when we go to Hawaii for
our anniversary."

Christine squeaked her delight at this thought, throwing her arms
around her father and hugging him fiercely.  When she was done, he
picked up his suitcase and started out the door.  Mark grabbed the
other one and followed after.  He pecked his mother on the cheek, and
waved good-bye with Chris as they drove down the driveway.

By the time they were back to the front door, Chris was already
bugging him.  "Mark, a bunch of my friends want to have a sleep-over
here tonight.  Can we?  We won't make much noise, and we'll leave you
alone if you want...It's just that mom & dad won't ever let us have
one when they're here, and no-one else has a swimming pool, and it
would be a lot of fun, and..."

"All right, all right already.  Fine...have it!  One condition,
though: you have to clean up *everything* after it's over!"  Chris
certainly had a way of showing her pleasure, he thought, as she gave
him the squeaking and hugging treatment that she had given her
father...


                        *    *    *

Mark could hear the party downstairs, with the music banging through
the ceiling.  He was curious to see what went on at a girls'
sleep-over party, so he went downstairs, ostensibly to get something
to eat from the kitchen.  As he passed through the dining room, he saw
all the girls huddled around the living-room coffee table playing some
kind of drinking game.  He was confused as to where they had gotten
the booze until he saw the tall bottle of tequila sitting in the
middle of the game; Chris had raided the liquor cabinet.

He went on into the kitchen and was standing in front of the
refrigerator when Chris came in, looking sheepish.  "Mark...about the
tequila...I didn't take it!  Sharon found the cabinet and got it and
passed it around before I knew what was happening.  If I give you
money, can you buy another one for me?"

Mark tried to put on his best "pissed-off" face, but couldn't help
smiling; he remembered his drinking days in high school.  "No problem.
Just try to make sure no-one throws up on the carpet, ok?  That's
a pain to clean up."

"Sure thing.  Umm...why don't you come join us?  It might be fun!"

Mark thought about it.  A few of the girls had looked awfully good,
but they *were* a bit young for him.  Then again, tequila was
something he could rarely turn down, so..."Ok...let me grab something
to eat first."

Chris ran out of the kitchen, and Mark could hear her tell her friends
that he was going to join the party.  There was lots of excited
chattering afterwards, but he couldn't hear anything specific, so he
turned to make himself a small sandwich.  As he pulled the mustard jar
out of the 'fridge, the unmistakeable pounding on the table and the
loud cries of  "Why do we play?" and "TO GET FUCKED UP!!" informed him
that the girls had started playing Thumper.

After polishing off the ham & cheese, Mark wandered into the living
room, where Chris promptly yelled at him, and made a place for him to
sit.  As he sat down, she started the introductions.  She started by
pointing to a petite blonde next to him, "this is Corinne, that's
Debbie, that's Renee, that's Sharon the tequila-thief."  The group
tittered.  "That's Mary, that's Kim, this is Alicia, and this is
Susan."  Subconsciously Mark started rating the girls, and had gotten
half-way around the circle before he stopped himself.  Waitasecond!
None of these girls can be older than 16 or 17!  What am I doing?

Mark was so far into the thought that he almost missed the start of
the sign-check.  He was a little put off because one of the girls (was
it Kim or Alicia?  Already he had forgotten the names) had taken his
trademark 'flying asshole,' so he had to take something else...hmm...
ok, he picked his back-up 'the old in-out' sign instead.  He got some
weird looks for that.

As the game went on and he drank more & more, Mark found himself
looking at the girls again.  He had long forgotten the names, but he
had started to identify the girls by their signs.  The 'shoot-the-
bird' girl next to him was ok, but she Mark had never been very
attracted to short women. Next to her was 'screwed-in-the-head,' who
had an enormous chest but a complexion problem.  Following her was
'hang-ten,' who looked very much the surfer girl, with a deep tan and
long blonde hair.  The only name he remembered was Sharon's, and she
picked the 'dumb blonde' sign, which looked very appropriate for her;
she had a stunningly attractive face and gobs of platinum blonde hair.
Next in line was 'hiawatha,' whose straight black hair was oddly
contrasted by her light skin and blue eyes.  Her high and prominent
cheek-bones gave her a vaguely indian look, not unattractive.  After
Hiawatha came 'let your fingers do the walking,' who was far and away
the best-looking girl in the crowd, with shoulder-length hair, curly
and strawberry blonde. Her deep green eyes and lightly freckled skin
fit the picture perfectly.  'Fingers' was followed by 'wave,' who was
very plain.  As th night wore on, Mark was completely unable to
remember anything about her except that she had thick sensuous lips.
His beloved 'flying asshole' belonged to the next girl, whose
thoroughly bitchy countenance made the name seem well-fitted.  Chris
was last, and she had chosen 'suicide by gun.'

As the game played on, Mark kept choosing between only two or three
girls; he tried to alternate between 'fingers' and 'flying asshole'
and 'dumb blonde,' but when he was pressed for a quick response, he
always seemed to pick 'fingers.'  He and she got equally drunk,
though, because (it seemed to Mark) all of the other girls called him
much more often than the one-in-nine chance he should have had.
Either way, everyone got pleasantly drunk, until the tequila was gone.

Once the bottle was empty, the group of girls all decided that they
wanted to go swimming, which did not strike Mark as a particularly
bright idea due to the general state of drunkenness, but he was
helpless to stop them as they ran to the poolside and started
climbing out of their clothes.  Mark watched in hopeful fascination,
but to his disappointment, all of the girls were wearing swimsuits.
Muttering to himself about being a dirty old lecher, he climbed the
stairs to his bedroom, where he laid down in his bed and started
snoozing.

He was awakened some time later by a female voice tentatively asking
"Mark?  Are you in here?  Are you awake?"  He almost didn't respond,
being partially unable to tell imagination from reality, but finally
he decided that some kind of answer wouldn't hurt him.  "Yeah..." he
answered.

"Hi."  The voice said as he sat up to see who it was. "I'm a little
too drunk to swim, so I thought I'd come see if you wanted some
company.  Finally his eye focussed, and Mark saw that it was
'fingers,' wrapped in a towel, her hair wet and dripping on his floor.

"Oh...fingers...sure.  Sit down somewhere..." He waved drunkenly
around the room.  She sat down on the edge of his bed, it being the
only horizontal surface other than the floor that wasn't covered with
clothes or books or papers.

"'Fingers ?'" she asked.

"Yeah...'fingers.'  That was your sign in the game...'fingers do the
walking,' right?"

She giggled.  "Yep.  Yours was 'do the nasty.'"  She giggled again,
embarrassed by being so straight-forward.  Mark was a little surprised
by her choice of phrases.

"So..." His voice trailed off.

"So."

Mark decided to take the plunge.  What do I care, he thought. "So
what's under the towel?"

She giggled again, and looked down.  With her head still lowered, she
looked up at him, coyly.  "Nothing."

"Nothing?  I don't believe you!  A pretty girl like you has got to
have more than 'nothing' under her towel."  She looked back at him
silently, waiting for more.  He leaned towards her.  "Let's see
this 'nothing.'"  His heart pounding with the rush of desire, he
reached slowly for the knot that held the towel in place.  She watched
his hand wordlessly, as he took hold of the knot and twisted it loose.
As the towel unwrapped and fell away, she raised her head and looked
him straight in the eyes.

Mark whistled softly, appreciatively.  "So this is 'nothing.'"  His
eyes wandered all over her. She was nude from the waist up.  To Mark,
she was the picture of a perfect woman; she had a narrow waist and a
flat stomach, and well-defined, firm breasts: not overly large, but
definitely not tiny...perfect, in fact.  She was lean but not skinny,
with prominent collar bones and broad shoulders.  Her neck was shapely
and smooth, leading to a beautiful face.  He couldn't see her eye
color in the dark, but Mark remembered the deep green that hid under
her sharp brows from earlier in the night.  The moonlight that
streamed in through the window did show off the color of her hair,
though.

Mark ran his hands lightly over her skin, starting at her waist and
up over her ribs towards her breasts, and then moving along
her collar-bones to her shoulders and down her arms.  She sat
passively through the treatment, shuddering slightly when he caressed
her breasts.  When he stopped at her elbows and pulled slightly, she
leaned towards him cooperatively, finally lying lengthwise against
him.  The towel fell to the floor unnoticed.

There was a moment of awkwardness as they stretched out next to each
other and got settled so they were face to face, and then Mark leaned
into a kiss, which started off very shyly and passively on her part,
but eventually grew deeper.  Mark tasted the sweet softness of her
lips, and then she opened her mouth beneath him, admitting his tongue
to play with hers.  Mark felt her tongue dash nimbly around his, and
felt somewhat clumsy and blunt as she toyed with him.  Finally the
kiss broke.  "Wow.." was all Mark managed, breathless.  She slid her
arms around his neck, finally taking a handful of his hair in her left
hand, she pulled his head back down for another kiss.

As they kissed, exploring each other, Mark started exploring the rest
of 'fingers.'  His hands wandered the length of her body, always drawn
back to her breasts...Mark always had been fascinated by womens'
breasts, he thought absently to himself.  He broke the kiss and
started kissing a trail down towards her nipples,kissing along her
chin, down her neck and between her breasts until his lips were below
her breasts, and then moved over until he was kissing the underside of
her left breast.  Then he started a slow spiral inwards and upwards,
toying with her, kissing and gently licking until he reached the
aureole.  Mark felt her tremble slightly, and heard her sigh a little
as he kissed the aureole, taking the whole nipple between his lips and
sucking gently to pull the flesh into his mouth while he ran his
tongue around the nipple, playing.  He let the pressure subside, and
let the flesh out of his mouth, breathing as hot as he could on her
breast, and started over.  This time when he let the nipple out of his
mouth, he blew cold air on the wet skin, which made the nipple and
aureole stiffen, quickly.  After a few moments of blowing cold air, he
took the nipple back into his mouth and nibbled, gently, drawing a
short gasp from her.

Finally Mark relinquished his new toy, and worked his way back up her
body to another kiss.  As he pulled away from the kiss and looked deep
into her eyes, he heard lots of splashing in the pool outside, and a
high-pitched female voice ask "Hey, where's Kim? Wasn't she here a
minute ago?"  The rest of the girls started discussing this question.

Mark thought to himself, "Good...Kim is her name. I wasn't sure about
that."  Then he started kissing her again.  This time Kim wouldn't let
him break the kiss; every time he tried to pull away, she
up under him, following his lips as if they were antidote to a
deadly poison.  Mark felt her hunger, and it set him on fire.

As he continued to kiss her, his hands wandered.  He returned to her
breasts for a moment, but his intent was somewhere else.  He slid his
hand over her ribs and over her pelvic bones, stopping to feel the
soft smooth area between them.  Slowly, teasingly, he went lower,
sliding his fingers under the elastic of her panties, just up to the
second knuckle.  Back and forth he moved his hands, driving a tiny bit
lower with each pass, until he felt the soft hair under his fingers.
At this point he lost his patience, and moved his hand down until the
hair was in the center of his palm, and his fingers rested gently,
curling over the pubic bone.

Then Mark started to tease her, slowly moving his fingers up & down
around her crotch, never touching the center, but hinting that he
might.  He broke their kiss to look into her eyes, as he finally
centered his fingers, and slid them gently between the labia, stroking
up and down, but not yet entering her body.  Mark was pleasantly
surprised at how wet she was; his finger glided effortlessly
between her lips, as he toyed with her, occasionally stroking up
against her clitoris, which always elicited a silent sigh from her.

He leaned down to kiss her again, and as his tongue slipped into her
mouth, he slid his forefinger into her body, drawing a surge from her
hips and a gasp from within her throat.  He broke the kiss to look at
her again, as he worked the finger.  Each plunge inward was received
with another gasping breath.  As he gently stroked her with his
finger, Mark moved his mouth over her breasts again, licking and
teasing as he had done before.  Kim reached up with her arms and
wrapped them around his head, holding him in place as she gently
started to quiver.  Mark took the hint, and moved his finger a little
faster, sinking a little deeper, and sucked on her nipple a little
harder, playing faster with his tongue.  Kim's shaking grew more
pronounced, and she squeezed his head to her breast harder.  Just when
Mark thought he'd have to stop, she squeezed harder than ever, and her
body shook violently, while she let out one long moan, a cry as if she
had been hurt.  Finally her arms relaxed and she stopped shaking, and
Mark picked up his head to look her in the eye.

Kim looked calm and relaxed, and the last remnants of tension slipped
away as Mark gently withdrew his finger from her, and resumed gently
playing with her.  The look on her face told him that she was his to
do with as he pleased that night.  Unbidden, he remembered that she
was only 16, and that what he had in mind was probably statutory rape.
Somehow he didn't care too much; this girl was too beautiful and too
desirable, and her desire was too strong for him to ignore.

Mark leaned forward and kissed her again, lightly, and quickly moved
on, down her neck to her breasts again, but he paused there for only a
few seconds.  Downward he continued, to lick along her ribs to the
sternum, and down to her navel, where he teased for a moment.
Finally he had to shift his weight, moving his body so that he was
kneeling, his knees aside hers.  As his tongue reached the elastic of
her panties, Mark put his hands, palm down, on her crotch, curling his
fingers under the elastic.  Using a gentle tug as a hint for Kim to
lift her hips, he slid the panties down and off.  Once they were
completely removed, he move his body again, positioning himself
between her legs.  Starting at her knees, he kissed and licked her
inner thighs, moving slowly upward.  He passed her crotch, planting
only a small kiss on the side to tease her, and kept going, up to her
pelvic bones, and then down again.

Finally he stopped teasing, and placed his hands on either side of her
labia, pulling them apart gently so that the flesh there lay exposed
for his tongue.  With the first lick of Mark's tongue, Kim reached
down and placed her hands on his head, intertwining his hair within
her fingers, giving her a good hold on him.  As he toyed with her, she
held his head, sometimes giving up one grip to slide her hands
into another.

Mark was almost oblivious to this as he ran circles around her
clitoris with his tongue.  He stroked up one side and down the other,
spreading her juices around with his.  He closed his lips around her
clitoris and sucked gently, drawing it into his mouth a bit, where he
could slap it gently from side to side with his tongue.  The inward
pull of Kim's hands on his head, and the surge of her hips under him
told him that he was on the right track.  Around and around he moved
his tongue, pushing the swollen flesh of her clitoris from side to
side.  He started moving faster, all the while making sure that his
tongue never left contact with her flesh, as Kim's hips started
rocking up and down.  Faster and faster he moved, as Kim's hips
starting moving up and down with greater force.

Two sounds found their ways to Mark's ears.  First he heard the rapid
breathing accompanied by small gasps that came from Kim.  He also
heard footsteps on the stairs leading to his floor, and heard the
conversation of the girls collecting outside his door..."I wonder if
she's in here?" he heard one of the girls say.

Mark tried to stop; he tried to pull his lips away from Kim, but she
held him in place. If he had tried to break contact, he felt sure that
the violent thrusting of her hips would smash his nose.  Finally he
gave up and continued his treatment.  Before another five seconds had
passed, Kim pulled his head down, crushing him to her hips, which had
thrust upwards, locking in the air.  He heard the sound of her orgasm,
almost a scream, but he knew it was one of pleasure, not of pain.
Once she screamed, twice, and a third time as she drew another breath
each time.  Finally she stopped, and her hips fell back to the bed,
and she released her grip on his hair.

And then he heard the giggling from the other side of his door, and
one voice, louder than the others, "I guess she *is* in there...and
from the sounds of it, *I'd* like to be in there, too!"  More giggles
and racy comments followed.

As mark moved to lie alongside Kim, he saw that she was blushing
strongly.  Mark couldn't tell if it was from the orgasm or the
commentary of her friends.  As they heard the footsteps of the group
retreating downstairs, Kim pulled Mark's head down to hers, and
whispered into his ear, "I can't wait any longer."  She stopped
momentarily to catch her breath, but reached down with her left hand,
sliding it boldly under his underpants, and grasped his erection.
Staring deep into Mark's eye, Kim pulled gently with her left hand,
not releasing her grip until he was on top of her, when she removed
her left hand, and slid his underpants down with both hands.  When
they fell loosely to his knees, she placed her hands on his hips
again, and pulled gently downward.

Mark balanced on one hand, and reached down to position himself,
teasing Kim by sliding the head of his erection up and down, getting
it wet, and driving her crazy.  Finally he moved it downward,
positioning it for entry.  He looked in her eyes as he started to push
forward, and something there told him to wait for a moment, so he did.
He raised his eyebrows in a silent question.  Kim's only response was
a breathless "don't stop."

He pressed forward, feeling her raging desire for him, and felt the
head slip in, penetrating her easily.  Once inside, though, he found
that she was very tight, and that it seemed that she was a bit
uncomfortable, so he stopped, only an inch or two deep.  He looked at
her quizzically.  "Are you a virgin?"  Wordlessly she nodded.  "Why
didn't you tell me?"  he asked.

Kim shrugged as if to say that she didn't think it was very important,
and pulled on his hips again.  Mark obliged by sliding out a bit, and
then forward, this time plunging another two or three inches forward.
A sharp intake of air from Kim told him that they were past the worst
part of the pain, and he resumed his motion, first out and then in
again, until their hips met, and he had no more to give her.  Kim
shifted her weight slightly, and then wrapped her legs around his, and
did the same with her arms, first reaching up across his back to put
her hands on his shoulders, and then drawing them down, feeling the
muscles of his back.  "Don't move," she whispered into his ear.

They stayed that way for a few moments, kissing lightly and then
deeply, until Mark felt Kim's hips rock under his.  He started his
motion then, and heard her gasp as he thrust back inward after drawing
himself almost all of the way out.  He repeated the motion, each time
drawing another gasp.  Then he decided to play.

Mark remembered reading some obscure Buddhist book on sex that his
roommate had brought home once, that said the best way to please a
woman was with nine shallow strokes followed by one deep one,
alternated with nine shallow followed by nine deep.  He started on
this course, and was rewarded with a great moan on the single deep
stroke, and several moans during the second round of nine deep.
By the end of the second cycle through this treatment, Kim had started
to shake again, which drew Mark closer and closer to his own edge.

Finally he abandoned the Buddhist treatment and fell back to
continuous stroking; he had lost all control of his own actions, as
his body responded to Kim's and hers responded to his.  Together they
picked up the pace and the energy, until Mark felt sure that they were
going to bruise each other's hips.  From far away, as if someone had
released a floodgate, Mark felt the tide of his orgasm coming down a
pipe.  They slammed against each other furiously, and Mark heard the
shouts from Kim, louder and more intense than earlier.  As the wave of
his orgasm broke, Mark felt Kim squeeze him to her with arms and legs,
and heard her moan long and loud, and he felt the surging spasm in his
loins and her hips drove against his.

As they calmed down, and Kim unwrapped her legs from around his, he
heard another rowdy game of Thumper starting up in the living room.
"Why do we play?" came the question.  "TO GET FUCKED UP" came the
answer.

Both mark and Kim burst into laughter, and Kim looked him in the eye,
with a smirk on her face.  "I think I like *this* version of Thumper
better!"
                                                                                                       