ÿ                     THE YARD SALE
                   
I don't know for sure but things seem different now than they were back
in the middle class neighborhood where I grew up. There were things you
did and things you didn't. And  things if you did, then you did, if you
catch my drift.
         
I remember that every autumn our neighborhood in 'Jersey had a yard
sale. Since the proceeds were going to charity, everybody had to
participate, even us boys. I remember very clearly one particular sale.
I guess I was about 17 at the time.
         
I liked my weekend time with my buddies, but my mom had volunteered that
she and my brother and I would help set up the tables for the sale. So
we, and a group of other guys and their moms, worked most of the morning
setting things up. I had been showing off a bit to the younger guys by
carrying a table by myself and just generally horsing around. I
especially liked to give my older brother a hard time. He was always so
reserved. You've got to have a little fun don't you? I caught a sidelong
glance from  my mom at one point so I toned it down a bit.

One of the guys helping us was Wally Watson, a college guy about four
years older than me. He had been a sports star just as I had started
high school. Just the clean cut boy next door type -  tall blond and
athletic. He and his two brothers, who were just slightly different
versions of him.
         
Mom and I found ourselves at the Watson table checking to see if
there was anything that we needed to buy. We were getting the
hard sell from Mrs. Watson, Wally's mom. "Don't go yet.  I just
thought of something you may need," Mrs. Watson said, playfully.
With that she rummaged through a cardboard box and brought out the
mangiest looking hairbrush I had ever seen.
         
My mom laughed and said, "Things might not be going full speed at the
store, but I don't need to buy my hairbrushes or tooth brushes
second hand, at least not yet."
         
Mrs. Watson laughed as well and said, "Oh, I didn't mean for
grooming, Anne." She turned her sinister smile toward me and
continued, "I meant for blistering Tom's backside when he
needs it. "
         
(Now let me tell you I was not laughing. My mom was no slacker when
it came to delivering a spanking, but it had been some time since
I had felt her hand, hairbrush, or anything else, and I was NOT
interested in doing so any time soon, thank you very much!)
         
Mrs. Watson was still talking about that damned hairbrush.
"Old wooden hairbrushes are hard to find. I have one almost the same
at home and it is very effective. It really stings doesn't it, Wally?"
         
Now Wally had to be about twenty-one  years old, but by his
deep blushing, I thought that it couldn't have been that long ago
that Wally had last felt that hairbrush. "Yes ma'am, it's a real
bugger," muttered Wally under his breath.
         
My mom then picked up the hairbrush and noted it's large flat
mahogany back and its nice big oval shape. "Well, what do you
think, Tom?" he asked me. "Is this what you need to make you
toe the line?"
         
I guess I muttered something under my breath. Mom just smiled and
said to Mrs. Watson, "It sounds as if neither of our sons are
enjoying this conversation."
         
I can understand Tom's hesitation," said Mrs. Watson, "if you have the
same rule as I do at my house. That rule is that any new paddle, strap,
hairbrush, or whatever is immediately tested on all three of my sons and
rated for its effectiveness."

My mom didn't respond right away and I couldn't believe what I had just
heard. Mom asked, "You mean that you don't wait until they foul up, you
just go home and try it out?"
         
"Exactly," said Mrs. Watson. "It won't have any deterrent effect unless
they know just how much it hurts."
         
Much to my embarrassment my mom said, "There's no arguing with that.
It's just that I've never heard of the idea before. Especially since
your sons are known throughout the neighborhood as being so well
behaved. Sure I blister Tom's and his brother's backsides when they need
it, but I've never taken a pre-emptive strike as it were."
         
Now it was Wally Watson's turn to be embarrassed as his mom
said, "Well, I do and have for years. That's one of the reasons that
the boys are so well behaved. Those periodic reminders help to keep
their natural tendencies in check. In fact, I also do it whenever
I get around to oiling some of my old thick leather straps and belts.
I never seem to have the time to oil them often enough. I did oil an
old leather home-made tawse this morning and told all three boys
to be ready for a good session tonight."

Wally looked very uncomfortable.
         
"Wally here is 20, and his brothers are  19 and 22. But they know the
rules, and as long as they live in the house with me, they know that
means corporal punishment from time to time. Sure, it's humiliating to
them, but in their hearts they know it's for their own good."
         
"And you really let them have it?" asked Mom.

"Tell you what, Anne," said Mrs. Watson, "if you want to come over
tonight at around ten, I'll show you how I do it. I leave it that
late because normally when the session is over, the boys just want
to cry themselves to sleep."
         
"Thanks for the offer. If you and your boys don't mind, I think I'll
take you up on it."
         
Wally was getting more and more distressed as his mother was calmly
discussing the fact that,  even at age 20, he was subject to old
fashioned bare-bottom discipline. I was really getting interested but
also getting a little uncomfortable as my mom was becoming very intent,
hanging on Mrs. Watson's every word. I hoped she wasn't getting any
ideas about OUR family.
         
"Oh," said Mrs. Watson," the boys won't mind. They know I set the
parameters for their discipline sessions. In fact, you can bring Tom if
you like."
         
Well! Imagine the sight of Wally and his brothers getting their bare
butts strapped and I might just get to watch the whole thing!  I must
have been getting excited. I know I must have gotten an excited smile on
my face because Wally looked straight at me and his voice almost broke
when he said to his mom, "I don't care if you want Mrs. Stewart to
watch, but not Tommy - He's just a kid!"
         
The change in Mrs. Watson's tone was immediate. "Don't presume to tell
me who will or will not be present for your spankings. Go get the mate
to this hairbrush, then go to your room and be ready when we ALL get
there."
         
Wally's face was very red and he glared at me as he sighed and turned
to trudge into the house.
         
Now I WAS excited. I was going to see  Wally's bare bottom get a
hairbrush spanking from his mom and I wouldn't even have to wait until
ten that evening. Then I was disappointed to hear my mom say, "Sorry for
being the indirect cause of this. Tom and I will be off and let you do
what you have to do."
         
I immediately heartened, however, when Mrs. Watson said, "No need to
apologize. It was my son who stepped out of line. I'd certainly
appreciate it if you'd both come in and see Wally get taken down a peg
or two. I'd especially like Tom to be there. "
         
Mrs. Watson got a neighbor to mind the booth, since she needed to have a
"chat" with Wally. I followed my mom and Mrs. Watson into the house and
upstairs to Wally's room.
         
When we entered the room Wally had completely stripped. He was facing
the wall, the hairbrush in his hand. What a sight that was! Most of
Wally's body was still dark from the summer, but not his bottom cheeks.
They were gleaming white. My face felt flushed, almost as if I had a
fever. I guess I did in a way.

"Well at least you came to your senses long enough to remember the rules
about being ready for a spanking."  Mrs. Watson said as she moved a
chair from the desk to the center of the available floor space. "Come
on. Over my lap. Let's get started."
         
As Wally turned around, walking toward his mom seated in the chair, I
could tell he was mortified with humiliation. He kept his eyes downcast.
I knew he could see my mom and me but he didn't say anything. He placed
himself over his mom's lap. His mom shifted the embarrassed young man's
weight carefully. Mrs. Watson took her time getting those white buns in
just the right position for the spanking.
         
I glanced at my mom. She was intent on the scene being played out in
front of us. She looked as though she was taking mental notes. I was
getting just a little dubious about the whole thing when Mrs. Watson
began the spanking. Then I was completely lost in the amazing sight
right there before me.
         
Mrs. Watson didn't say a word. She just took the hairbrush from Wally
and started spanking her son's lilly white ass, alternating cheeks with
each swat. All of those blows were very low down on the ass cheeks, and
were they ever applied most vigorously. After the first five or so swats
both cheeks were starting to turn red. The sounds of that brush smacking
Wally's rump was incredible. After the next five, Wally started to
squirm a little. After another five Wally was saying "Oh!" a lot. By the
end of an additional thirty-five, Wally's butt cheeks were scarlet and
he was crying and doing a lot of squirming. Yet I noticed, and I saw that
my mom did too, that Wally took great care to present his bottom for its
blistering.
         
I knew that I always had a hard time keeping my bottom in position for
spanking from my mom and I never had a spanking like this. Mrs. Watson
said, "I see I now have your attention. Are you now ready to apologize
to Mrs. Stewart and to Tom?"

Mrs. Watson ignored Wally's muttered positive response. She immediately
started applying the hairbrush harder than ever, right on the butt crack
where it touched the two ovals already red from the original onslaught.
After twenty-five ferocious whacks, Wally's mom asked again, "Are you
now ready to apologize?"
         
Poor Wally was crying so hard that he couldn't speak right away.
He just nodded vigorously, before blurting out a baleful  "YES".
         
"Ok." Said Mrs. Watson as she stood her sobbing son on his uncertain
feet, "Go over and tell each of them that you are sorry that your mom
had to spank you because of your poor manners." Wally was facing away
from my mom and me as his mother spoke to him. What a sight that was!
His quivering back tapering down to the start of the bulbous milky white
buns which now were mostly a bright red as my fascinated eyes moved down
to the scarlet underside of Wally's buns. They looked positively hot,
even as though they were on fire. As Wally turned, I noticed that his
face was red too, but not nearly as red as his backside. Wally had been
turned into a much younger looking boy whose red-hot bottom and
tear-stained face and sobbing voice made it clear that he was genuinely
very sorry indeed. My mom clearly felt sorry for Wally, and as soon as
she heard the apology, she nodded her head in acceptance.
         
I, on the other hand, was still relishing Wally's whole predicament. The
idea that this full-grown young man had to apologize to me, a young kid
really, who had just watched him get his bottom thoroughly and
humiliatingly blistered as well as the excitement of the scene itself
must have put one giant ear-to-ear smirk on my face. Now I don't think
that I was a sadistic little bastard but I must have been feeling that
way because as soon as Wally had apologized I laughed and said, "Wait
'til I tell the guys about THIS!" The look from my mother was withering,
but Wally just sighed and walked over to his mom. And I got another good
look at that fantastically red bottom.
         
Mrs. Watson handed Wally the hairbrush and told him to ask Mrs. Stewart
to reinforce the lesson. I heard another resigned sigh as Wally turned
and shuffled over to my mom to ask her for a spanking. "Sure Wally, I
know the value of a spanking as a learning experience and I'll be
pleased to discipline you..."

Oh! Wow! I was going to see Wally get it from Mom! Now  you see I had
had plenty of spankings from Mom but I had never seen her give one, even
to my brothers. Mom always kept our spankings private. I certainly hoped
that no one would ever see me get a spanking!
         
My mom continued, "...but not before I give my rude, insensitive son a
good bottom  warming first. Stay close, Wally, so you won't miss a
thing." I could hardly believe my ears.

"Come over here NOW Tom!" It was in such total disbelief that I walked
over to Mom pleading for her not to give me the spanking I knew I richly
deserved.

"Ok, strip and make it fast!" As I removed my pants Mom said, "I am
beginning to realize that humiliation is all part of the deterrent value
of punishment, and I'm not about to forget it. Come on! Get a move on!
We are all waiting."

I looked at Mom imploringly as I stood there in my white briefs, vainly
hoping that she would spare me the indignity of getting it on the bare
backside. No such luck. "OFF!" barked Mom. So I dropped my underpants.
"I said to strip not drop them. That means your shirt, shoes
everything."
         
"But at home..." I started. "Maybe you hadn't noticed, Tom, but you're
not at home. Since you apparently think that what Wally went through was
such great fun, I'm not going to let you  miss out on any of it!"

In a few seconds I was naked, in full view of Wally and his mother,
across my mother's lap waiting for that hairbrush to redden my very bare
and well positioned backside. Then my spanking started.
         
None of this alternating cheeks business for my mom. Oh, no. She chose a
spot right in the  middle of my white bottom just to the right of the
crack just where the cheeks curved down and she kept whacking and
whacking away. Before  Mom had applied ten good stinging swats my ass
felt like it was on fire.  I was pleading for Mom to stop and I was
starting to really squirm. About ten more and I wasn't keeping my cheeks
in position like Wally had at all. I was trying, at least, to get Mom to
put some swats in another spot.

Mom pulled me more firmly around the waist and  said, "Keep that bottom
still and stick it up in position if you know what is good for you,
young man." I gritted my teeth as I stuck my burning backside up in the
air for more.
         
By about forty swats I was crying and kicking uncontrollably but I kept
my butt in the general location at least. I was gaining real respect for
Wally's ability to take  a hairbrush spanking. "Now, now," said Mom in a
soothing voice, "get it under control. We're finished with that spot for
now. It's time we gave the other cheek a good taste of the hairbrush."
         
As soon as I had  my crying more or less in  check, my other cheek got
similar treatment.  Mom kept swatting the same spot this time on the
left cheek until it was as sore and burning as the right and I was
crying again. This time it took  much longer for me to get it under
control.
         
Now both my cheeks felt as though I had sat on a red hot skillet but
just on the underside of my poor tender butt. About then, my Mom asked
me if I was ready for the "clover leaf", and she started the spanking
afresh. My ass was really on fire as she started her deliberate fiendish
routine.
         
This time the swats seemed to form four overlapping ovals on my butt
cheeks - two on the right and two on the left. Mostly in a clockwise
pattern. Sometimes there would be one swat on each spot, sometimes two
or three. This pattern was repeated about nine times or so it seemed.
When I was sobbing uncontrollably, my mom asked if I was ready to
apologize to Wally  and made sure that I understood that the spanking
would continue until I said I was sorry. Was I ever sorry!
         
Mom then started giving the center of the overlapping scarlet design on
my rear the most intense rapid fire hairbrushing I had ever felt. It was
abundantly clear to me that she was  not going to let up until I uttered
something  remotely understandable as "I'm sorry." I had tried, but the
best I could come up with was "Iowwww" or "sorieeeeeooowwww". Finally I
managed,  "plea.. soor sorry!" and Mom said, "Ok, then get up and
apologize properly."
         
I slowly and painfully unfolded myself from Mom's lap and stumbled onto
my feet. I turned to Wally and said "I'm sorry (sob) I thought it was
funny that you were getting a spanking  (sniffle). I'm sorry I said that
I'd tell the guys about it (sniff sniff). You saw my mom spank me so you
know I'm sore but I'm really sorry, too. (more sobs).

It was really humiliating to give the apology that way, almost unable to
talk at all. Then I went over to Mrs. Watson and apologized to her and
went back to where my mom was sitting. "Good boy. I am clearly getting
through to you. Now you will go over to Wally's mom and ask her if she
would mind blistering your bottom as a token of her acceptance of your
apology."
         
I swallowed hard. How in the name of heaven could I take another
spanking? But I didn't say anything. I just meekly told Mrs. Watson that
I was sorry and would she mind please spanking my bottom. "Sure," she
replied, "if that's what your mom thinks you need, just as soon as she
finishes with Wally."
         
"Ok, Wally," Mom said, "let's redden up  your bottom some more."

With that Wally laid over my mom's lap and got another spanking almost
identical to mine. I tried to think as I watched Wally's poor red bottom
tremble and snap with each swat, how his mom had smacked his backside
the first time. I knew that that was what was in store for my
too-slowly-cooling buns. When Mom was finally done she gave Wally a few
minutes to cry it out and then said, "Ok, you can get up now. I'm
through with you. Now it's your mom's turn - or maybe I should say it's
Tommy's turn." Wally then stood up, politely thanked my mom, and rubbed
his obviously very sore aching backside.
         
I knew I was in serious trouble when Mrs. Watson sat down in the chair
with the menacing hairbrush in her hand. I started to cry, but one look
at my mom, not a lick of sympathy there, and I knew I had to obey.  So I
put myself slowly and carefully into position. My mom told Mrs. Watson
that she should not take pity on me but deliver a spanking that was
comparable to the one she originally had given to Wally.

I never thought that I would get through that spanking without
completely disgracing myself one way or another. It was pure hell! One
searing smack right after another. She covered my entire ass with that
hairbrush no matter that the underside felt nearly raw from the intense
treatment my mom had given it. Halfway through I was screaming my lungs
out with my legs kicking as though I was swimming for my life. But I
made as much effort as possible to stay in position, trying, at least to
impress Mom, Mrs. Watson, and strangely enough, Wally, with my effort to
take the punishment as well as I could. At least I remembered when the
spanking was over to thank Mrs. Watson for it. That brought a big hug
from Mom.  "You may not have taken your licking  as well as Wally did,
but I'm proud of the way you did take it.
         
The two mothers looked at one another with what seemed a sense of
accomplishment but then as though something was missing. Mom seemed to
realize what it was first. She said, "Tommy, why don't you get dressed
and then come over to the bed. I'll be sitting on the edge. I'm going to
undo and drop your pants and give you an old-fashioned hand-spanking
just like I do at home. Then it will be time for us to leave. "
         
I just nodded and started to get ready. I saw Wally look at his mom,
who, without saying a word, communicated to him that his final session
was going to he the same. Mrs. Watson remained seated in the chair. I
watched Wally  get dressed as I did the same and we finished dressing at
about the same time. Both the moms then dropped our pants and underpants
at about the same time. We both went over our mom's laps at the same
time. Both mothers started spanking in unison and our sobs seemed to be
in unison as well.
