Archive-name: Changes/ygirla.txt
Archive-author: Author
Archive-title: Young Girl


                 A Story of Sexual Servitude and Submission
                             YGIRLA.TXT, Part 1

                           Disclaimer and Warning
                           -----------------------
 This story contains  explicit  sexual  descriptions.  It  has  elements  of
 bondage,  discipline, transvestitism, sadomasochism, child-sex, and incest.
 If this type of material offends you,  then you should not  read  it!  This
 material should not be displayed or in any way be made available to a minor
 child. The author does not advocate or counsel this type of activity.

 This  material  is  placed into the public domain by the author.  It may be
 freely distributed and otherwise circulated in any manner or form,  subject
 to  the  conditions  in  the  above  paragraph  and  also  subject  to  any
 restrictions imposed by local, state, or federal laws and regulations.  All
 quotations or extraction of material from this story should be duly noted.



 Johnny
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 The memory of that day is very clear to me still. Some things just stick in
 your mind and stay there, and then pop up when you don't expect it. I don't
 know why that day is still so vivid to me when other more important  events
 are a just hazy impression.  It is the day this portion of my life started,
 though, so it's also a good place to start my story.

 I was young,  about 4 years old,  when one of my mom's friends came over to
 visit. She brought over her two daughters, who were 5 and 7. My Mom and her
 friend  sat  in the living room,  having coffee and talking and doing other
 boring stuff.  Collete and Lisa and I wandered into my bedroom in the  back
 of the house to play.

      My mother is an attractive woman.  She has dark hair and a very creamy
      white complexion. She's not overweight,  but not thin either.  I guess
      she's  called  "pleasingly  plump."  My mother's name is Maryanne Burl
      (no, that's not her real name).

      My mother's friend has brown hair. She's quite good looking, and has a
      soft look to her,  too.  For this story,  I'll call her  friend  Linda
      Sharlton.  She has two daughters,  Collete and Lisa. Collete has brown
      hair like her mother,  and has the same full-body build in  a  slimmer
      version.  Lisa  is blond and long legged and tom-boyish slim and round
      enough to keep your interest.

      As for me,  I take after my mother.  I've got dark  brown  hair,  very
      fine, and a very clear complexion.

 We played with my stuff for awhile, and then Collete and Lisa got bored. Of
 course my toys wouldn't interest them for very long, they were older girls!
 So  they started looking through my room.  They opened the dresser drawers,
 and found my old baby clothes that my Mom had stored  away.  Some  of  them
 were  girl  clothes,  since Mom had gotten them before I was born.  Collete
 said, "Oh look, baby clothes! Let's dress the baby!". Lisa said, "He can be
 OUR baby doll!".

 They started taking off my clothes.  I didn't mind because I was too  young
 to  know  any  better  and  because  I had a crush on both the girls.  They
 dressed me in diapers,  the old cloth kind with big pins,  and put a  faded
 blue bonnet on my head.

 Collete  and  Lisa took me out to show our mom's their handiwork.  My mom's
 friend, Mrs. Sharlton, saw me first,  "Oh look,  how cute!  Aren't they all
 adorable?". My mom turned around, and smiled, and said she still thought of
 me as her baby. She smiled at Collete and Lisa, and said, "Well, if he goes
 in  the diapers,  you'll have to clean him up girls!".  Both my Mom and her
 friend thought this was hilarious.

 The girls took me back into my room,  and spent the rest of  the  afternoon
 dressing me in my sister's and my old clothes. We kept parading back out to
 show  our mom's,  and they never cared whether I was wearing girl's clothes
 or boy's.  I loved all the attention,  and Collete and Lisa loved having  a
 "real live doll".  Soon the afternoon was almost over, and my mom came into
 to tell us to get me back into my regular clothes.  She smiled,  and  said,
 "We don't want his father to catch him like this, do we?".


      Collete
      -------------------------------------------------------------------
      Mom and Mrs. Burl were talking, so Lisa and I went with Johnny to play
      in  his room.  We watched him play with his toys,  but that was boring
      too. Lisa and I started looking around, and found some baby clothes in
      the dresser.  They were cute,  so I looked over  at  Johnny  and  said
      "Let's  dress him in these!  That'll be more fun than this." Lisa said
      that sounded OK.

      We went over to Johnny,  and I told him we were going to play  "baby".
      He looked at me and nodded.  I reached down and stood him up, and then
      we took off his clothes. Johnny just stood there while we did it. When
      we took off his underwear Lisa giggled and said, "Look at that! It's a
      boy thing." We touched it,  and then I said,  "We've got to dress  the
      baby."  We picked out some big diapers,  and had Johnny lie down while
      we pinned it on him. We put a bonnet on his head,  but it was a little
      small and looked funny.

      Johnny  looked  just  like a baby when we finished,  so we told him to
      talk like a baby and say "goo-goo".  He laughed and started  babbling.
      This  was a lot more fun that the other stuff we had been doing!  Lisa
      wanted to take him out and show mom, but I wasn't sure that was a good
      idea.  Mom or Mrs.  Burl might get mad and  make  us  stop.  But  Lisa
      grabbed  Johnny  by  the  hand,  and he followed her out to the living
      room.

      My mom saw us first,  and she said we were  all  adorable.  Mrs.  Burl
      turned  around,  and I was real afraid.  But she only laughed and said
      "Johnny is always my baby." She smiled at us and told us to be careful
      or we'd have to change Johnny's diapers for real!

      We went back to Johnny's room and spent  the  rest  of  the  afternoon
      dressing  him in all the clothes we found.  Every once in a while we'd
      play "doctor" and touch his little thing, but that wasn't a lot of fun
      after the first few times.

      It was fun having Johnny do every  thing  we  said,  though.  We  kept
      taking him out to show Mom and Mrs.  Burl, and they always laughed and
      smiled whether we had him dressed as a baby, or a boy, or a girl.

      We were still dressing Johnny when Mrs.  Burl came in.  She told us to
      get  Johnny dressed in his regular clothes again before his daddy came
      home.  She said "we don't want him to catch us,  do we?"  Lisa  and  I
      thought  it  was  great to share a secret with a grown-up woman.  Mrs.
      Burl helped put all the stuff away while we got  Johnny  back  in  his
      real clothes.

      On the way home, I asked mom when we were going back. Mom laughed, and
      asked, "Did you have fun playing with Johnny today?" I told her it was
      fun,  and she asked me what I liked best. I told her, "I liked telling
      him what to do, and he always did it!" Mom laughed, and then Lisa said
      she liked dressing him.

      I asked Mom several times over the next few weeks when we  were  going
      again,  and  finally  she  said she'd call Mrs.  Burl and find out.  I
      listened to her while she talked to  Mrs.  Burl  on  the  phone.  They
      chatted about stuff for a bit, and then Mom asked about us, "Maryanne,
      the  girls  have  been bugging me about when we're coming to visit you
      again.  [pause] Oh,  they had fun playing with Johnny!  [pause]  Well,
      Collete  really  liked telling Johnny what to wear and say.  Lisa just
      liked dressing him up.  [pause] [Mom laughs] Oh,  I thought he was  so
      cute. They were all adorable. [pause] Well, I thought I'd call and see
      what  you say.  I don't mind if you don't.  [pause] [Mom laughs] Well,
      you can never train them too young! Ok,  we'll drop by tomorrow for an
      hour or two. We can chat more then. [pause] OK, bye."

      Mom  turned  to  me,  and said "Mrs.  Burl said we could come over and
      visit for a few hours tomorrow.  She and I can talk  while  you  girls
      play with Johnny.  Go get your sister, and we'll talk about it." I ran
      out to find Lisa, and told her we were going to play with Johnny again
      and to come quick because Mom wanted to talk to us.  Lisa  and  I  ran
      back back.  Mom told us both, "Mrs. Burl says you can play with Johnny
      tomorrow.  You can play dress up if you want to.  She says she doesn't
      mind  as  long  as  Johnny doesn't care,  but you mustn't tell anyone.
      Don't tell Mr.  Burl or your father or any of  your  friends.  Do  you
      understand?" Both Lisa and I nodded eagerly,  and we spent the rest of
      the afternoon talking about what we were going to do.

 Johnny
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Lisa and Collete and their mom came over again a few weeks  later,  and  of
 course  they  took  me  back  into  my  bedroom  and started undressing and
 dressing me.  After awhile,  Mrs.  Sharlton came in and said it was time to
 go.  The  girls  complained,  saying  they  weren't  done with me yet,  and
 couldn't they stay longer?  My mom came in to see what the fuss was  about.
 She said I looked cute,  and it was a shame the girls couldn't play longer.
 Mrs.  Sharlton looked at my mom,  and said,  "Well,  I have  to  stay  home
 tomorrow,  but I can come pick him up for the day.  The girls can dress him
 up in their old clothes. How'd you like a day off?" My mom smiled, and said
 "Sure, and I'll come over to see how good a job they've done!".

      Lisa ------------------------------------------------------------
      We went over to visit Johnny again.  Mommy told us we could play  with
      him  and  dress  him,  but we mustn't tell anyone.  It was our secret.
      Collete was very happy. I think she liked bossing him around. I didn't
      mind though because then she didn't try to boss me.  I liked  dressing
      him up. As soon as we said hello to Mrs. Burl, we ran back to Johnny's
      room to find him.

      We  played.  Sometimes  I'd touch Johnny's thing and giggle because it
      was so funny to watch and touch.  Collete would try to shush  me.  She
      was  afraid Mrs.  Burl would hear us and find out and get mad and make
      us stop playing with Johnny.

      Mom came in and told us it was time to go.  Collete got  really  upset
      because she was having so much fun.  I didn't want to go either.  Mrs.
      Burl came in because of the noise.  She looked at Johnny and said we'd
      made him cute.  She said she was sorry we didn't have any more time to
      play with him.  My mom told her  she  would  take  him  to  our  house
      tomorrow,  and  we could play with him there if it was OK.  Mrs.  Burl
      said it was OK with her, and she'd come over to see how well we did. I
      giggled again because we only had girl's clothes at our house!

 Johnny
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 So I went over to Collete's and  Lisa's  house  the  next  day.  We  played
 dress-up  again,  but they only had girl clothes at their house.  Their mom
 sat and watched for awhile.  She was amused and had a smile on her face the
 whole  time.  She even helped undress me and dress me up a couple of times,
 and put some eyeshadow on me to make me look more like a girl.  Collete and
 Lisa  took me for a walk around the block,  and when we got back my mom was
 there.  She looked at me and said,  "He's so cute as a girl!  And so quiet,
 too! You can have him over to play anytime you want!". Lisa and Collete got
 very excited.

      Linda Sharlton
      -----------------------------------------------------------
      I  picked up Johnny the next day and brought him over.  Maryanne and I
      talked for a little before we left.  Both of us were amused.  Maryanne
      didn't  seem to mind about how the girls were dressing Johnny,  "If he
      doesn't mind,  why should I?  He's too young yet  for  it  to  make  a
      difference!  Besides, if they weren't playing together somewhere where
      we were near,  they'd all probably be playing "doctor" somewhere where
      we  wouldn't know what's happening!" We laughed over that.  I told her
      how amused I was to see Collete boss him around.  She laughed,  "Well,
      at least she's learned the natural order early in life!".

      I watched the kids play for awhile after we came back. Johnny's such a
      pretty  child,  having  many of Maryanne's best features.  He has fine
      dark brown hair,  and her creamy  white  complexion.  The  girls  were
      dressing  him  up,  and  since  we only had their old clothes,  he was
      really wearing a dress. I couldn't help but think that he would make a
      pretty girl.  I pulled some make-up from my  purse,  and  touched  his
      eyebrows up a bit and he was really lovely.

      It was funny to watch the girls play with him.  Lisa was interested in
      dressing him up and getting him "just so".  That's funny because she's
      a  bit  of  a  tom-boy  and usually doesn't care much about what she's
      wearing herself!  She was also intrigued by Johnny's little equipment.
      She kept looking,  and would reach down and touch him when she thought
      I wasn't looking.

      Collete was having fun,  too,  but in a different way.  She  was  more
      interested  in  getting  Johnny to do what she wanted.  Oh,  of course
      she'd look at him when he was naked,  but she wasn't as thrilled about
      that  as  Lisa was.  She and Lisa were getting on better,  too,  while
      playing with Johnny.  Collete and Lisa would discuss  everything,  and
      then Collete would tell him what to do.

      I  helped them once or twice,  and then I left them alone while I went
      to do some chores.  I left the door open so I could  hear  them.  They
      were talking up a storm,  and would giggle quite a bit. I kept peeking
      in, but all was well. Johnny was enjoying all the attention immensely.

      Maryanne came over in the middle of  the  afternoon.  We  sat  in  the
      kitchen chatting over coffee. She asked how things had been going, and
      I  told  her  -  everything.  She  didn't  seem  upset  or mad or even
      particularly concerned.  We let the kids be while we took it easy  for
      awhile.  We talked about housework,  our husband's jobs, our husbands.
      Naturally we started talking about some intimate details,  and some of
      the things we'd tried lately.  That's when Maryanne told me that she'd
      talked her husband into wearing lingerie,  and she  liked  it!  I  was
      surprised, and even more surprised when I felt myself get a little wet
      over the thought.  "Hmm, that does sound a bit exciting. I don't think
      I'll ever get my husband to try that, though.  Sounds like you two had
      fun!" Maryanne replied,  "Oh,  I liked the way it looked and felt, but
      hubby decided it doesn't suit him.  I keep trying  to  talk  him  into
      doing  it  again."  That's when it hit me why Maryanne didn't mind too
      much about Johnny wearing girl's clothes!

      We talked a little longer,  and then Maryanne had to leave before  her
      hubbie came home.  We walked up to Collete's room and walked in.  They
      were still playing quietly,  and Johnny was really dressed up  pretty.
      Maryanne  looked  at him and gushed,  "Oh,  he's never been so cute as
      this!  And he's playing so quietly and gently too!  You can  have  him
      over  to  play  whenever you want,  maybe he'll learn how to stay this
      way!" I leaned over and whispered in Maryanne's ear,  "You might  have
      more  fun  dressing  than  we do,  but at least I can watch this!" She
      grinned at me.


 Johnny
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 We saw Lisa and Collete and their mom fairly often, and sometimes we played
 dress up and sometimes we did other things.  I used to  go  over  to  their
 house  a couple of times a month,  and they'd dress me up as a girl for the
 day. I still had a crush on all of them, including Mrs. Sharlton. This went
 on for several years, until I was 9.

 Lisa was almost 10, and Collete was know 12. I was over at their house, and
 they thought it would be fun to dress me up as a baby  again.  I  said  "no
 way,  I'm  too  old for that now!".  Mrs.  Sharlton came in because we were
 arguing,  and had started to fight.  She saw me  hit  Lisa,  and  she  said
 "What's  going  on  here!",  and  grabbed us all and made us tell her.  She
 turned to me and said very angrily,  "You do what Lisa and Collete tell you
 when  you're told to do it,  or you won't come over anymore!" She pulled me
 over her knee,  and pulled down my panties (yes,  I was dressed as a girl),
 and spanked my bare bottom hard.

 She didn't hit me that hard, but I was mortified. Looking at my face, which
 was all knotted up in anger and embarrassment, she patted my bottom and ran
 her  hands  over my butt to soothe it off.  She said,  "It didn't hurt that
 bad,  did it?  Would you rather Lisa and Collete spanked you?" I  shook  my
 head no,  and she said, "Then you'd better listen to what they say! I don't
 want to here anymore fighting from up here!"

 Mrs. Sharlton left, but I didn't want to play anymore.  I was angry,  so of
 course we got into a fight again!  She came back up, and pulled me over her
 knee again, and pulled down my panties, and spanked me again! She looked at
 Collete,  and said,  "Would you like to learn  how  to  give  a  spanking?"
 Collete was watching wide-eyed,  and nodded "YES!". Mrs. Sharlton then told
 her to come over to us.  She was now rubbing my butt  with  a  nice  smooth
 stroke.  She held my legs down with one arm,  and her other arm was holding
 my back. "Hold your arm over your head, that's right.  Now,  your hand must
 be flat,  and swing from the wrist.  Give it a try.  That's good, but don't
 use your whole arm,  just your hand.  That's good." Collete hit me lots  of
 times, and I was crying. Mrs. Sharlton reached down and patted my face, and
 said "That really doesn't hurt, does it?" She said it in a very nice voice,
 and I was surprised when I realized that it really didn't! She went on, "In
 fact,  that feels pretty nice,  doesn't it? Don't you like Collete to spank
 you?" I nodded yes, not believing that it was actually nice! "Why don't you
 let Lisa spank you now? Would you like that?" I said, "Yes please, I'd like
 her to spank me!"

 Lisa said,  "Yes,  I want to try!" Collete moved out of the way,  and  Lisa
 spanked me as I lay on her mother's lap.  When she was done,  Mrs. Sharlton
 stood me up. She pulled up my dress around my waist,  and pulled my panties
 down the rest of the way to my feet.  She said, "Don't you like this? Here,
 turn around and let me see you butt. Yes,  it's nice and red now!" I turned
 around,  pleased that everyone was smiling and looking at me. Mrs. Sharlton
 then said, "Now,  since you've been so bad today,  I want you to leave your
 panties  off so Collete and Lisa can spank you again if you're bad.  Girls,
 give me a call if you have to punish him again!". Mrs. Sharlton then left.

 Collete and Lisa were giggling and laughing and  touching  my  butt.  Their
 hands  felt  nice  and cool to me,  and I enjoyed the little caresses on my
 ass.  They continued dressing me up,  but now they always left the  panties
 off.

 My mother came to pick me up later,  and came up to see how I looked before
 I changed.  I was wearing a frilly little dress,  with  bits  of  lace  and
 ruffles.  She  was admiring how I looked and talking to Mrs.  Sharlton when
 Lisa said,  "And he was bad today,  so we got to  spank  her!".  My  mother
 paused,  and said, "She was bad?" Lisa said yes, and then Collete pulled up
 my dress and said,  "See?  He's not wearing any panties in  case  he  needs
 another spanking!" My mother smiled, and said, "Well, I hope you did a good
 job  then!"  Lisa piped in,  "Oh yes,  Mother showed us how to do it and he
 liked us to spank him!". My mother smiled again,  and turned to her friend,
 and said "Perhaps we should see how they do it?" Mrs.  Sharlton smiled, and
 said "Well,  I think we could allow them to spank him again today.  It  was
 fun,  wasn't  it girls?" Lisa and Collete said "Yes!",  and I said "Please,
 mommy?". So Mrs. Sharlton pulled me over her lap,  pulled up my dress,  and
 spanked me.  Then my mom said,  "My turn",  and pulled me over to her.  She
 spanked me too,  though not as hard as when she's  mad  at  me.  Then  Mrs.
 Sharlton pulled me back over while Lisa spanked me, and finally my mom held
 me while Collete spanked me.

 That was all for the day. I started to get ready to go home. My mom went in
 the  other  room  and  was  talking to Mrs.  Sharlton for a half hour or so
 before she was ready to go.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      Johnny had been over at Linda's house, and I went over to pick him up.
      The girls were going dress him up again,  and he'd been  eager  to  go
      over.

      I didn't mind him dressing. He was so much better behaved when he came
      home, and usually stayed that way for several days. He could be a real
      monster  when  he  wasn't  behaving,  and  lately  he  had  been  more
      misbehaving than!

      Johnny also looked  real  pretty  when  he  was  wearing  a  dress.  I
      developed  a little secret thrill every time I saw him like that,  and
      had to restrain myself from  playing  with  this  "doll"  myself.  How
      unlike the everyday boy I lived with!

      I  went over to pick him up,  and of course Linda and I chatted in the
      kitchen over a cup of coffee. Linda told me that they'd been fighting,
      and had spanked Johnny right there in front of  the  girls.  "I'm  not
      surprised,  considering  how  he's been lately.  I hope you gave him a
      good whaling.  Maybe having the girls watch won't hurt either."  Linda
      said,  "Oh,  I  was  so angry I pulled his panties down when I spanked
      him.  And then they had another fight and this time I  had  the  girls
      spank  him!" I was a little surprised over that,  "Well,  how did they
      take that? Collete's almost at 'that' age!" Linda grinned,  "Oh,  they
      loved  it!  Collete especially appreciated it.  I think it helped burn
      off some of the "sex" energy she's starting to develop. Lisa has to do
      what her sister does,  so she took a turn too.  I think I can honestly
      say  we  all  enjoyed  giving Johnny something to remember his manners
      by!" Linda was grinning, and I felt a thrill inside myself, too.  "How
      did  Johnny take it?  Was he terribly upset?" Linda grinned even more,
      "Oh,  I had a little talk with him and  it  seems  that  Johnny  likes
      having  the girls spank him!  All in all,  I think everyone had a good
      time".  We were both grinning  and  laughing,  and  we  had  to  shush
      our-selves before we were heard upstairs.

      We went upstairs to get Johnny,  and walked into Collete's room. Linda
      was still smiling as we walked in.  Johnny looked pretty again  today,
      and  was  happy  enough.  I  wasn't  going  to  say anything about the
      spanking in front of him or the girls, and I was starting to tell this
      to Linda when Lisa interrupted us: "She was bad,  and we had to  spank
      her!"  That  took my breath away,  and I had to repeat what I'd heard,
      "SHE was bad?" Lisa immediately nodded,  and then  Collete  pulled  up
      Johnny's  dress  to show me that he wasn't wearing any panties in case
      he was bad again!  I didn't quite  know  how  to  handle  this  gender
      change,  so  all  I  said  was,  "I hope you did a good job." Lisa was
      obviously proud of what happened, because she immediately told me that
      Linda had showed them how,  and that  Johnny  liked  it!  Collete  was
      looking  alarmed now,  obviously afraid I would get angry and take her
      "toy" away.  In order to reassure Collete,  I smiled and  said,  "Well
      maybe  we  should  watch  you  do  it,  to make sure everything is all
      right?" Linda smiled at this,  "Would you girls find that fun to  do?"
      Both  immediately  replied  "yes",  and then Johnny spoke up and asked
      "Please let them, mommy?"

      I didn't see any further harm being done at that point,  so I  nodded.
      Linda sat down on the bed,  and Johnny went over to her. She pulled up
      his dress,  and then bent him over her lap.  He seemed eager,  and was
      actually smiling as she slapped his white bottom until it was pink.  I
      was amazed, not at Johnny, but at myself. I was really getting excited
      watching Linda spank my son.  I could feel myself  getting  moist,  so
      when she was done, I told her it was my turn! She handed him over, and
      he  lay  down  on  my  lap  without a complaint!  I slapped his little
      bottom,  and got even wetter still as I felt him wiggling  against  my
      legs.  I was almost breathless from excitement when I was done.  Linda
      took him back, and I watched Lisa give him a spanking while her mother
      held him.  I couldn't resist,  so I took him back and held  him  while
      Collete spanked him.  Collete had gotten over her fear, and was really
      enjoying herself.  I couldn't believe how hot I was getting by holding
      my son while he was being spanked!

      Linda  and  I  went  to  have a talk while Johnny was getting ready to
      leave. "I can't believe how much I liked that!", I told her. Linda had
      a sexy grin,  "I thought it was fun,  and it was a real kick  watching
      the girls. They're going to be real sophisticates when they get older!
      Did  you  get  as hot as I did watching them do it?" I nodded emphatic
      agreement, and we both laughed at this, and then Linda added, "I can't
      wait until I get my husband alone.  I'm really going  to  pour  it  on
      tonight!"  I  nodded  agreement,  and  told her that I didn't think it
      would be quite as fun if Johnny hadn't obviously enjoyed it too.

      I was still concerned about what Lisa had  called  Johnny,  and  asked
      Linda  about  that,  "Why  did  Lisa  call Johnny 'she'?" Linda looked
      puzzled,  and then replied,  "It must be because she's such a  perfect
      little  girl  when she's all dressed up.  I guess it just seems right,
      somehow. After all,  you wouldn't want us to call him 'Johnny' when we
      take  him out in public,  do you?" I was surprised again,  "In public?
      Where do you take him?" "Oh,  the girls take him for a walk around the
      block  sometimes  after  he's  all dressed.  No one's noticed anything
      unusual, and I've heard several comments about what a pretty and sweet
      young girl he is." I had to think about that for a second, and while I
      was thinking about that I  had  another  little  thrill  about  Johnny
      wearing  panties  in  public.  "How  perfect!  Maybe  you should start
      training him in earnest if he's so good at it.  What  do  you  think?"
      Linda stared at me,  and smiled as she said, "I always wanted to train
      a man to treat a woman right! Sounds like a lot of fun. We could teach
      him to be a perfect little lady in public,  and nice and  obedient  in
      private.  Sounds  like  a lot of fun,  and a dream come true!" We both
      laughed at the thought, and I said, "Well,  you better teach the girls
      to call her 'Joanie' when she's dressed."

      Linda and I talked over the phone about 'Joanie' and the girls several
      times. We were both intrigued, and I realized that I was excited about
      Joanie going out in public wearing panties.  My husband was pleasantly
      surprised by my enthusiasm during the next week, and I released myself
      by having him in my cunt, while thinking about Joanie wearing a dress.

      It was almost two weeks before Linda  called  me  again  about  having
      'Joanie' over. I immediately agreed, and asked Linda to bring over the
      dress I had last seen Joanie in. "I'll bring her over myself, and I'll
      talk  to  her  about  her behavior." Linda dropped off the outfit that
      night.

      The next day I called Johnny into his bedroom. I pulled out the dress,
      and told him to put it on.  He obeyed me without question!  I  admired
      the way 'she' now looked, and then pulled her over. I lifted her dress
      and  gazed  at  her  little  ass.  I could barely restrain myself from
      giving her more than a token swat.  I was all wet as I  gave  'her'  a
      little  talk  about  panties,  and doing whatever Collete and Lisa and
      Linda said, without argument. I gave her the panties, and she put them
      on, and we drove over to Linda's.

      I was really hot in the car,  thinking about Joanie and her panties in
      public.  I kept squirming myself against the vinyl car seat,  and just
      stopped at Linda's long enough to drop Joanie off. I stayed for just a
      few minutes,  and then hurried home to take a nice long  soak  in  the
      tub, and perform some "relaxing magic" on myself before I exploded!

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 It was a few weeks before I went over again.  Before we left, my mom pulled
 out a bag and said, "Let's go to your room." When we got there,  she opened
 the bag and pulled out the frilly dress that I had been wearing last time I
 was at Collete's and Lisa's. She told me to put in on, and helped zip it up
 in  the  back.  She then pulled up the dress and gave me a light swat on my
 backside,  and said,  "When you're with the girls,  you're not to wear  any
 underwear  unless  they  say so.  However,  when you go somewhere else,  or
 someone else is there,  you're to wear panties.  Understand?" I nodded yes,
 and then asked why I was wearing the dress before we left.  My mom said she
 was taking me to Collete's and Lisa's,  but they  had  company  over.  "So,
 behave like a good little girl until Mrs Sharlton's friends leave. Lisa and
 Collete  will  call  you  'Joanie'  for  now so no-one will know our little
 secret." She then handed me the panties and I put them on.

 When we arrived, Mrs. Sharlton was in the living room with her friend.  She
 looked  over,  and  told  me "Join the girls upstairs,  Joanie." My mom sat
 down, and I went upstairs.  My mom left after awhile,  and Collete had made
 me to take my panties off since I was upstairs. Later, Lisa wanted to spank
 me,  but  Collete said "We've got to ask mommy first,  remember?" So we all
 trooped downstairs.  Her mother was cleaning up from the company,  and said
 "I'll  be up in a few minutes,  girls,  wait until then.  In the meanwhile,
 make Joanie hold her dress over her head." Mrs. Sharlton smiled, and added,
 "I think you girls can find something to do with her until I get there?"

 When she came up,  I was standing in the middle of the room with  my  dress
 gathered round my waist.  Collete and Lisa had indeed found something to do
 with me,  and had poked and pulled at me and giggled.  I was  enjoying  the
 coolness of the air on my skin, and couldn't wait until they spanked me and
 made me red-hot. Mrs. Sharlton sat down and looked at me. She said, slowly,
 "That  looks  like  it  feels good.  I'm going to do it too".  She stood up
 again,  pulled her dress to her  hips,  and  rolled  down  her  nylons  and
 panties.  I only got a glimpse before her dress fell down again,  but I was
 riveted. She noticed me looking,  and smiled.  "Are little boys supposed to
 look at women?" "No,  Mrs.  Sharlton",  I was half-stuttering. "Then, now I
 guess we'll HAVE to spank you,  won't we?" "Yes,  Mrs.  Sharlton"  I  said.
 "Well,  come  over  here and lay down across my lap." She beckoned me over,
 and as she sat down on the edge of the bed she pulled her dress up  so  her
 legs  were  bare.  I could see a dark triangle going down between her legs,
 where they were held tightly together. I laid down, and she pulled my dress
 up over my head. As soon as I was down, she moved her legs apart to hold me
 better. I could feel the hotness coming from between them. I turned to look
 at her, and she smiled into my face as she smacked my butt.  She smacked me
 several times;  not enough to really hurt,  but hard enough to sting.  Then
 she looked over at Lisa,  "Are you first today?" Lisa nodded yes,  and came
 over.  She  looked  down  at  my butt,  and "Can I take off my panties too,
 mommy?" Mrs. Sharlton frowned for a second, and then said,  "Yes dear,  why
 not?"  So  Lisa,  and also Collete,  reached under their dresses and pulled
 their panties down too.

 Lisa started spanking me,  when her mother said,  "Wait,  dear,  you should
 stand with your legs apart.  It will give you more balance when you swing."
 Lisa nodded,  moved her legs,  and spanked  me  again  and  again.  It  was
 Collete's  turn  next,  and  she seemed to enjoy spanking me even more than
 Lisa did.

 When they were done spanking me,  Collete asked "Can we spank him  anywhere
 else,  mommy?" Her mother frowned slightly, and said, "Where else would you
 spank him?" Collete turned red, and reached under my dress and said "on his
 thing!" Mrs. Sharlton looked thoughtful, "No dear,  that's not a good idea.
 You'll  all have to wait until you're much older for that!" Collete pouted,
 but Lisa spoke up,  "Can I let him spank me?  I  want  to  feel  it!"  Mrs.
 Sharlton frowned,  and said "Absolutely not!  Boys don't spank girls, girls
 spank boys! But come here, and I'll show you what you can have him do." She
 lifted me up,  and then had Lisa lie over the edge of the bed.  She  lifted
 Lisa's dress until her bottom showed,  and pulled me over. She picked up my
 hand and ran it over Lisa's smooth bottom.  Talking to me  she  said,  "You
 never,  never,  never  touch  a  girl unless she asks you,  and then you do
 EXACTLY as she says,  understand?  Or if you don't,  then you'll be  really
 punished  in  a  way  you won't ever forget!  Now",  in more gentler tones,
 "isn't she nice and soft?" I nodded,  rapt.  "This is the  prettiest  thing
 you'll ever do,  so you've got to do whatever she tells you. Understand?" I
 nodded again.  "Lisa,  tell Joanie to kiss you on the butt".  Lisa's  voice
 came out muffled and giggly,  but she said firmly "Joanie, kiss my butt!" I
 slowly leaned over,  and kissed it.  "Kiss it again!  All over!" So I  did.
 When Lisa was done,  Collete came over and eagerly laid down and lifted her
 own dress and commanded me "Kiss my butt!".  She giggled and  laughed  too,
 but she also seemed to enjoy it more.

      Collete
      ----------------------------------------------------------
      The  last  time Johnny had been over was great!  My mother had spanked
      him, and turned his butt red, and then made him like it! I had spanked
      him too,  and I still thought about the lovely way his butt  "smacked"
      when I hit it,  and the way it felt in my hand. It had gotten all warm
      and hot, and I knew how much that hurts.

      I had been scared when Mrs. Burl walked in and Lisa spilled the beans,
      but she only seemed happier than before.  We  had  all  sat  down  and
      spanked Johnny together. Mrs. Burl had even held Johnny when it was my
      turn.  It  was  real  nice  the  way his butt was red,  and the way he
      bounced on his mother's lap whenever I spanked him.  It made me feel a
      little strange down in my legs.

      Mom didn't talk about what had happened.  She just never mentioned the
      subject.  Lisa and I talked about it several times,  and it was almost
      as good as doing it again. Lisa's such a tom-boy I think that she just
      liked the hitting part.

      Mom  eventually called Lisa and I into the kitchen one day,  and had a
      talk with us. "Johnny's coming over to play tomorrow. Will you be glad
      to see him again?" Lisa and I both grinned,  and  said,  "Oh  yes."  I
      added a comment about "Wait until I get his butt this time!",  and Mom
      laughed.  Mom went on,  "Mrs.  Burl thinks that Johnny needs a  little
      'training'  in behavior.  When he comes over tomorrow he'll already be
      in a dress. Whenever he's wearing a dress, you must call him 'Joanie',
      and call him 'her' or 'she' and treat her just like a girl.  Of course
      she'll  still  be a boy,  but Mrs.  Burl wants you to teach her to act
      just like a girl whenever she's dressed.  You must teach her  to  obey
      whatever you say, as soon as you say it." Lisa had a question, "If she
      doesn't do what we want, can we spank her?" "Yes, dear, as much as you
      want.  However,  you must ask me first before spanking her, or I won't
      let you play with her this way.  Can you remember all of  this?"  Lisa
      and I both agreed,  and spent an hour discussing what we were going to
      do when 'Joanie' came over.

      We were upstairs in my room when  Joanie  arrived.  She  came  up  and
      knocked at the door,  and I said, "Joanie! I'm soooo glad to see you!"
      She blushed when I said this,  and  walked  into  the  room.  She  was
      wearing  an  old  dress  of  mine,  and looked OK,  but she could look
      better.

      Lisa and I had already picked out the first dress,  and started taking
      all  of Joanie's clothes off.  Joanie moved wherever we told her,  and
      stayed in that position while we worked on her. When she was naked,  I
      looked over at Lisa and grinned,  and then patted Joanie's butt.  Lisa
      put her hand on the other side,  and rubbed it too.  We  both  giggled
      when Joanie twitched it, and she giggled too.

      We  dressed  Joanie up,  and I put a little of my make-up on her.  She
      looked better with some peach lip-stick on.  We didn't put any panties
      on her,  since she was in my room.  When we were done,  Lisa wanted to
      spank her,  "Do you want  a  spanking,  Joanie?"  Joanie  nodded,  and
      replied, "I like feeling your hands. You can spank me all you want." I
      felt  that funny feeling again,  and I wanted to spank her too,  but I
      reminded Lisa we had to ask mom first. We all went downstairs. Mom was
      doing some cleaning, and I asked "Joanie wants a spanking. Can we give
      her one now?" Mom looked at Joanie,  and said,  "My,  doesn't she look
      nice.  You'll  have to wait a few minutes before I can come up.  While
      you're waiting,  why don't you make Joanie stand in your room with her
      dress held up? I'm sure you can think of some things to do until I get
      there!"

      So we made Joanie stand in the room with her dress held up.  She liked
      that, because Lisa and I patted her butt.  Lisa also touched his thing
      a few times.  I touched his dick too,  and pulled it a little. It felt
      different, and I wondered if Mom would let us play with that part.

      Mom came in and sat down on the  bed.  She  looked  at  Joanie  for  a
      minute, and then said, "That looks comfortable". She stood up and took
      her  own panties off and sat down again.  I thought Joanie's eyes were
      going to bug out!  Mom was really smiling when she called Joanie over,
      and pulled up her dress before leaning him over. She let her lay right
      over her bare legs. Mom was really teasing her, and poor Joanie didn't
      know what to do!  This was almost as good as spanking. Mom spanked her
      good then,  but I knew I could do better.  But Mom  called  over  Lisa
      first, and helped her with some hints. Lisa asked if we could take off
      our panties too, and we both did. It was my turn then. It felt strange
      to be naked under my dress, while spanking a boy on my mother's lap. I
      spanked Joanie long and hard, and it was really neat.

      When I was done,  I looked at Joanie.  She was standing up now,  and I
      thought about his dick again.  It had been so good spanking his  butt,
      that I asked Mom about it: "Can I spank him anywhere?" Mom wasn't sure
      what  I meant,  so I touched Joanie right on her dick in front of Mom,
      and Mom didn't even care!  Mom said we couldn't,  not  until  we  were
      older,  and  I  couldn't  wait until we WERE older so we could do even
      more things with Joanie.

      Lisa wanted to have Joanie spank her, but mom said Absolutely Not! She
      had Lisa lie down,  and showed us how we could make  Joanie  kiss  our
      butts.  She kissed Lisa's until it was pink and wet all over. I didn't
      wait for Mom to ask me, I laid down and enjoyed it as Joanie kissed my
      butt like I told her.



 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 I didn't go over as often as I used to,  because of school and  friends.  I
 usually saw the girls about four or five times a year.  Every time I did go
 over, though, they'd dress me up. Sometimes they'd spank me,  and sometimes
 they'd  make me kiss their butts.  Sometimes I didn't get spanked or get to
 do anything else, and sometimes of course I didn't even get to dress up. We
 did other things; barbecues, pool parties, fourth of July, etc.

 But I did get pretty good at dressing as a girl,  and  moving  and  talking
 like one and so forth. Sometimes my mom would come over early, and everyone
 would take a turn spanking me.  My mom never made me kiss her butt,  though
 she'd watch the girls and laugh when I did it to them.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      Joanie was developing into a nice young lady.  The girls  were  having
      fun,  too. They were still dressing her up, but had started some other
      fun and games as well.  Joanie liked to be spanked,  and sometimes I'd
      join  in  when  I  was  there.  The girls almost always took off their
      panties when they spanked her,  and I could see her eyes  follow  them
      around.  Linda had taught Joanie well,  she'd would do almost anything
      they asked without question.  They'd even taught Joanie  to  kiss  and
      lick their little rears!

      We  often  got together as families,  too.  Johnny always behaved (and
      sometimes mis-behaved) exactly as a boy at these  times.  The  strange
      thing  was  that Collete and Lisa and Johnny were just as good friends
      as they were when he was Joanie.  There was a real attachment  between
      the three of them, and I could see it was strong.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Of course,  Collete and Lisa changed in the next years to follow.  I got to
 see their bra's and panties and stuff,  but I never got to see any  of  the
 stuff inside closer up. Even when I was kissing their butt, I didn't really
 get to see the other parts. Mrs. Sharlton was used to having me around too.
 I  used  to see her in her bra and panties sometimes as she moved around in
 her room or came in to see what was happening.  But I never  really  got  a
 good look at her, either.

 The  next  really  big change came when I was a little more than 13.  I was
 starting to change myself,  and Collete was now 15 and Lisa was 14.  I  was
 really getting more and more interested in what their shapes were, and they
 were getting more and more secretive, which I guess is natural for girls.

 Anyway,  we were playing dress-up again, for the first time in a long time.
 It must have been over six months since we had  last  played.  Collete  and
 Lisa were dressing me in much more sophisticated clothes. They had just put
 a heavy training bra on me, and started giggling. Lisa said, "Well, I guess
 we'll have to put some kleenex in to make it shape right!". I wasn't one to
 pass  up  a  chance  at a remark,  so I gave her a sly look and said "Yeah,
 that's what you use,  right?" Lisa looked at me,  and then looked at  me  a
 little  closer,  and  then  looked at me with a look that said "prey".  She
 unbuttoned her blouse, and pulled it aside to show the front of her bra.  I
 could see faint pink circles showing through,  but that was all as it was a
 padded like mine. It had a little pink ribbon, and a little plastic hook on
 the front. She looked at me again, and giggled, and pulled open the hook. I
 could see the valley between her breasts,  but that was  all.  Collete  was
 giggling, and then Lisa started giggling too.

      Lisa
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      Mom had had several talks with me,  about changes, and breasts, and my
      vagina, and what they were for and about sex. She had given me several
      books,  some with pictures,  and I had looked at them  and  understood
      what it was all about, but I'd never really felt any different.

      Then  we were dressing Joanie one day,  and she said I "had kleenex in
      my bra". We were always joking around and talking when we played,  but
      this hit me - Joanie was also a boy!  And he wanted to see my breasts!
      I got a bit tingly inside,  and  my  bra  seemed  tighter  and  warmer
      suddenly. I looked at him, and thought "Why not?". Mom had always said
      we  could  play  whatever  we  wanted to with Joanie.  I unbuttoned my
      blouse,  and Joanie just looked at me with those  big  eyes  of  hers.
      Collete  was  looking at me too,  but she was smiling her "I dare you"
      smile, so I did it.  I put my hand up to my bra,  and pulled apart the
      hook so it hung open a little.  That didn't help much,  cause my chest
      still felt warm and tight. My legs were tingling too.

      That's when Mom walked in.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Mrs. Sharlton was in her bedroom. She came in to see what was so funny, and
 found us there.  Lisa was almost ready to open her bra the whole  way  when
 she walked in.  Having Mrs.  Sharlton there was even more galvanizing,  and
 for the first time I had a "male reflex".  Dad had talked to me  about  it,
 but I hadn't really understood everything, so I didn't really know what was
 happening to me.

 Mrs.  Sharlton  watched  our  tableaux  for  a  few minutes,  with a slight
 provocative smile on her face.  She noticed right off that I was having  an
 erection  -  after all,  I was wearing a tight formal evening gown of sheer
 nylon, and they're not built to contain that type of movement!  A minute or
 so  later,  Lisa looked down from my face,  and almost gasped!  She started
 breathing a bit harder, and that's when Mrs. Sharlton started talking.

 "Well, it's time to stop playing games! Girls! listen to me.  Joanie!  it's
 time  that you learned how to treat a woman!" With those words,  she walked
 over to the bed and sat down.  She was breathing a little harder,  and  her
 eyes sparkled. She stood up again, and pulled up her dress, and pulled down
 her panties! She sat down again, and told me to come over. She pulled up on
 my dress,  but it was a tight fit,  so she told me to take it off.  Collete
 came over and unzipped it,  and I stood in front of Mrs.  Sharlton in a bra
 and panties. My hard-on was pushing through the cotton crotch, away from my
 body.

 Mrs.  Sharlton looked at Lisa, and said, "Go get a small bucket of ice from
 the kitchen,  honey.  And some towels from  the  bathroom."  We  waited  in
 silence until Lisa returned, and then Mrs. Sharlton pulled down my panties.
 I was embarrassed, I didn't know what was happening, and I tried to hide my
 hard-on with my hand.  Mrs. Sharlton reached over and knocked my hand away,

 "We want to see it, Joanie dear. Don't do anything unless we tell you to!".
 Collete and Lisa moved to the side to get a  better  view.  They  were  all
 flush faced, but giggling too.

 She looked up at my face,  and said sweetly,  "The girls didn't tell you to
 do this, did they dear?" I mumbled, "No ma'am".  "Well,  then you know what
 happens  when  you're bad,  don't you?" I answered back,  "Yes ma'am".  She
 pulled me over her lap,  and then motioned Lisa away from the side my  face
 was on.  "Take off your shirt,  dear.  Now take off your bra. Collete, give
 her that new shirt I bought you a few weeks ago.  The white one.  Put  that
 on,  Lisa.  Now  come  over here," and she motioned to the floor next to my
 face.  "Now,  honey,  do you want to see Joanie get excited?" Lisa  nodded.
 "Now,  sloowwly  open your blouse,  a little bit at a time." As Lisa opened
 her blouse,  her mother SMACKED me hard on the  ass.  It  felt  good!  Lisa
 opened her blouse all the way, and I could see all of her breasts. She took
 them in her hands,  and massaged them a little bit.  Every few seconds Mrs.
 Sharlton would SMACK me on the ass. Lisa was starting to breathe real hard,
 and turn a dull red. Mrs.  Sharlton stopped her,  and said,  "Now YOU spank
 him!".  Lisa  hurried  over  and  brought her hand back and and hit my ass.
 "Harder, dear, harder! As hard as you can!". Lisa hit as hard as she could,
 and boy did it hurt!  It also felt really good!  Lisa must have spanked  me
 for a good five minutes before she slowed down. Mrs. Sharlton smiled a very
 knowing smile,  and said,  "That's the best way to treat a boy!  I'll teach
 you some more tricks in a few minutes.  But first we have to take  care  of
 Joanie!".

 She rolled me onto the floor, so that I was standing on my feet. My panties
 were around my knees,  and my face was red with excitement! My butt was red
 from both excitement and the spanking;  it hurt and felt good  all  at  the
 same time.  My erection was harder than ever,  and jutted out from my body.
 Of course, I was only 13, so it wasn't much of an erection.

 "Collete,  come over here.  Remember asking about spanking this years ago?"
 Collete nodded.  She was wide-eyed,  and staring at my penis.  "Well, now's
 the time! You can't spank it, or you'll damage it,  but you CAN have fun!".
 Mrs.  Sharlton  reached  her hand around my front.  Lisa moved over to see,
 too, and she had a smile on her face. Mrs.  Sharlton put her hand around my
 balls,  surrounding them,  and squeezed gently. "This is where the sperm is
 made.  They're sensitive like your nipples,  but  even  more  so."  Collete
 reached  over  to  try it,  and her mother moved her hand away.  She smiled
 approval at her daughter as she fingered my balls, moving them this way and
 that in their sacks.  Lisa reached over too,  and they  shared  them  both.
 Collete then took the ball she was holding, and started squeezing! I gasped
 as  the fire started,  and leaned backwards so that my hips jutted outward.
 Mrs.  Sharlton smiled,  "Isn't he such a little slut?".  Lisa  nodded,  and
 squeezed the other one.  "That's enough, dear, there's lots more to do! But
 first, we'll have to cool Joanie down if we want to play any more with her.
 Collete, get the ice." Collete brought the ice,  and her mother picked up a
 cube,  and placed it gently against my balls.  It felt good; both fiery and
 cold after the squeezing and spanking. Soon, my erection was gone and I was
 back to normal. Mrs.  Sharlton put down the ice cube,  and cupped my little
 dick in her hands.  "It's much cuter this way,  isn't it?  Though it can be
 fun when it's hard, too. You can still squeeze it when it's soft.  Collete,
 now  you  can  spank  the  top part,  or pinch the very end a bit." Collete
 nodded,  and eagerly reached out to cup me.  She squeezed the whole  thing,
 and  then  pulled the head towards her until it was stretched.  She pinched
 the end, and then brought her other hand slapping against it!  She played a
 few more minutes, and then reluctantly let go.

 Mrs.  Sharlton looked at Collete. She knew that it wasn't enough, yet. "Why
 don't you take off your blouse,  dear?  Leave your panties on  for  awhile.
 Lisa,  come  over here and hold this.  You can squeeze it or pinch it,  and
 spank her too, but if she does anything she's not supposed to, make it hurt
 real hard!" She turned towards Collete, who had her top off. She was better
 developed than Lisa,  and different,  too.  Her breasts  were  heavier  and
 softer  and  sagged  a little bit,  and the nipples were dark and big while
 Lisa's were pink and small. The very center of the nipple was sticking out.

 Mrs. Sharlton looked at Collete's breasts,  and then turned to me and said,
 "Lick  the ends!" I reached over,  and put my hands around Collete's waist,
 and... Mrs. Sharlton dug her nails in my butt,  HARD,  and said,  "I didn't
 tell you to touch her!  Only your tongue!" I started back,  and then leaned
 forward again.  I licked her nipples and tasted them and  sucked  the  ends
 like  I was told.  Collete put her hands on my head and guided me where she
 wanted me. The feel of her breast in my mouth,  and Lisa's hands on my butt
 and  dick,  made  me  hot and trembly all over.  Occasionally Collete would
 gasp,  or pull my hair a bit,  or Lisa would pinch harder or spank  harder.
 Collete's  nipples were harder and bigger and warmer now.  I didn't want it
 to ever end. Mrs. Sharlton had other ideas, however.

 "Collete, stop him now. Joanie, get on your hands and knees." I sank to the
 floor, glad for the support. Mrs.  Sharlton pulled Collete in front of her,
 and pulled her panties down to the floor.  "Lie on the bed dear,  and he'll
 lick your butt." She lay down on her stomach, with her legs together,  like
 she always used to do.  "A little closer to the edge. That's right. Joanie,
 lick her butt all over! Lisa,  his butt is there for you!" I eagerly buried
 my  face  in  her  butt  cheeks.  Lisa was alternately stroking my own butt
 gently and then slapping it, with a slight sting.  Collete was moaning in a
 sorta  funny  way.  Mrs.  Sharlton  reached over,  and spread Collete's ass
 cheeks apart. "Kiss the hole, Joanie. Lick it real good! That's it.  That's
 a  good  boy." I licked Collete's asshole,  which I'd never done before.  I
 kissed it and licked it and tasted the flavors.  I'd never  seen  her  this
 close!  "Collete,  open  your  legs now.  All the way,  as wide as you can.
 Joanie, keep licking. Lick her hair, Joanie." Mrs.  Sharlton pushed my head
 closer to the bed, into Collete's pussy hair. It smelled hot and sweaty and
 salty.  She moved my head around by pulling on my hair,  so I licked around
 Collete's legs,  and then sucked on her hairs,  and back up to her asshole,
 and  down  to her pussy lips!  Mrs.  Sharlton kept moving my head around to
 where she wanted it by pulling on my hair! I loved it, and suddenly Collete
 starting jerking her legs a bit and moaning and it got even more wet.  Then
 I  felt her whole body relax.  I got even more excited and tried to push my
 mouth deeper into Collete when I suddenly felt my butt being  slapped  real
 hard.  I pulled back, and looked up into Lisa's face. Lisa had a real happy
 grin on her face,  and she was all sweaty all over.  Mrs.  Sharlton had  an
 amused smile on her face,  too,  and she said,  "You're a good boy, Joanie.
 We'll make you into a real good boy.  Now we'd  better  take  care  of  you
 again."

 She stood me up,  and my thing was all hard again,  even harder, so hard it
 was red and throbbing.  Lisa quickly  got  a  piece  of  ice,  and  without
 prodding  from  her  mother placed it against my balls.  It started melting
 right away,  and she rubbed the cold water all over my balls and  dick.  It
 felt good,  but quickly became wrinkled and soft.  "Oh, I love it! It feels
 so squishy soft like this!" Lisa gasped.

 As soon as I was soft,  Lisa lay down on the other side of  her  mother.  I
 quickly  knelt  down,  without  being  told,  and kissed her ass cheeks and
 between them, and swiftly worked down to her cunt. She had soft golden cunt
 hair, and there was less of it. Her juices were easier to lick.  As soon as
 I  started licking her pussy,  she turned over,  and pulled my face between
 her legs.  This was an easier way to lick her.  Mrs.  Sharlton  was  gently
 rubbing my swollen and red butt,  and occasionally reaching down between my
 legs and stroking my dick which was hard again.

 Lisa started moving,  too,  and moaning,  and then relaxed.  Mrs.  Sharlton
 moved me away by pulling backwards on my dick, I didn't have any choice but
 follow.  When I was far enough away,  she let go,  and I sat on my heels on
 the floor.

      Collete
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      Joanie made a funny remark about Lisa when we were putting  a  bra  on
      her.  I  thought Lisa was going to hit Joanie,  but instead she opened
      her shirt to show her bra. I didn't believe she was doing this,  and I
      knew  she  was  thinking  about  taking  it  off all the way.  She had
      actually unbuttoned it when Mom walked in.

      I thought that maybe we had gone too far,  because we hadn't asked her
      first.  When I talked with my girl friends at school, we wondered what
      it would be like.  Even to go all the way.  That's when  I  looked  at
      Joanie,  and looked down.  I knew what it was from peeking at the boys
      in my class,  but I wasn't expecting to see it on Joanie!  I guess  my
      eyes went a little wide, though I tried to keep my cool about it.

      Mom  said  we  weren't going to play games anymore,  and then she made
      Joanie take off her clothes.  I thought at first she meant we  had  to
      stop,  but  then  she pulled down Joanie's panties and actually let us
      look at her dick!  It didn't look the same anymore.  Instead of  being
      soft  and  cuddly  it was hard and sticking out.  Mom slapped Joanie's
      hands when she tried to hide it,  and said "You have to let us see it,
      dear!"  I  guess both Lisa and I were giggling with shock and I know I
      felt like we were doing something naught,  knew it  was  naughty,  and
      were going to do it anyway.

      Mom asked Joanie if we had told her to have it get hard.  How could we
      when we didn't know it could?  Then she said "We're going to spank you
      because  they didn't tell you to do it." I wondered if Mom was feeling
      like Lisa and I were,  because she was flushed  and  breathing  faster
      too.

      She made Joanie get on her lap,  like she was going to spank her. Then
      she didn't,  but told Lisa to put on one of my blouses.  Lisa took off
      her bra and put in on,  and then Mom had Lisa stand where Joanie could
      see her.  Mom asked Lisa,  "Do you want to see Joanie get excited?"  I
      could  tell  she  did!  So  Lisa  took  off her blouse and touched her
      breasts while Joanie was looking.  Mom  was  spanking  Joanie,  a  lot
      harder than she usually does,  but Joanie seemed to like it even more.
      Joanie couldn't take her eyes off of Lisa for a second.

      Not only Joanie was getting excited, but Lisa obviously was, too.  She
      was  turning  pink  and  breathing  heavy,  and  I  could tell she was
      touching her breasts more for her  own  excitement  than  Joanie's.  I
      guess  Mom  saw this too,  because she had Lisa stop and come over and
      spank Joanie.  I had never seen her so eager to do it,  and she really
      let loose.  She was spanking him as hard as she could,  and turned his
      ass so red that her hands were leaving white marks! I could definitely
      smell Lisa now,  and she smelled like I did when I touched  myself  in
      bed,  but  different.  When she finally stopped,  I could see that her
      panties were almost soaking!  I had been turned on watching Mom  spank
      Joanie, but now I was almost feverish with all the heat I felt.

      When  Lisa finally stopped,  Mom smiled and said,  "We'll have to take
      care of Joanie,  and then we'll teach her  some  new  tricks."  Joanie
      stood  on the floor,  and we could see that her little dick was harder
      than ever.  Her butt was a livid red.  She had never been spanked that
      hard before.

      Mom  reached  out and put her hand all around Joanie's dick and balls.
      She said,  "Do you remember asking about this?" I nodded yes,  and she
      said "Well now's the time to have fun with it!  We can't spank it, but
      it's still fun!" Mom moved her hands to Joanie's little sack, and then
      squeezed a bit. She told us that they were sensitive.  I reached over,
      and Mom watched me put my hands on it. I moved the balls around in the
      sack,  and  then  Lisa  took  the  other  one  in her hand.  I started
      squeezing the one I had,  and Joanie gasped with pain  and  stuck  her
      hips  out  towards us.  Lisa started squeezing the other one,  but Mom
      made us stop it.

      I went over and brought the ice to my mother, and she showed us how to
      make the dick soft again by rubbing ice all over it.  It was all small
      and  wrinkly and wet when she was done.  Mom thought it was cuter this
      way,  and squeezed it again.  Then she told me,  "You can pull  it  or
      squeeze  or pinch it when it's soft",  and I did it.  I pulled it out,
      and took my nails and pinched the end with them,  and  used  my  other
      hand to slap it a few times. I squeezed the middle, too, and the balls
      again,  and pulled them until the sacks were tight.  Joanie just stood
      there and gasped while I did what I wanted with her.

      I took my shirt off,  and then Joanie started licking my nipples.  Mom
      dug  her  nails  into  Joanie's butt when she tried to hold me,  and I
      could see the deep marks and scratches afterward.  My breasts were hot
      and heavy, and I moved Joanie's mouth and tongue from one to the other
      and back again. I pulled on her hair. I was watching Lisa spank Joanie
      while  she  kissed me,  and reach out and tug Joanie's dick harder and
      harder.  The best part was watching  Lisa  do  that  to  Joanie  while
      feeling Joanie's lips do what I wanted.

      Mom  had  me lie down on the bed,  and I thought she was just going to
      have Joanie kiss my butt again.  Still,  anything was better  at  this
      point because I felt so hot.  Joanie did that, and then Mom grabbed my
      ass and opened it up and made Joanie lick down there! I felt good, and
      I liked making Joanie actually  lick  my  asshole!  Then  Mom  started
      moving  Joanie's  head around,  and told me to open my legs,  and made
      Joanie lick and kiss my  pussy.  I  couldn't  believe  that  this  was
      happening, and it felt so good! It was much better than when I touched
      myself. I was all hot and sticky down there, and soon my hips and legs
      were moving, and then I came all over Joanie's face!

      It  took  a  few minutes before I could move again,  and when I turned
      over there was Lisa on the bed and Joanie was licking  her!  Lisa  was
      lying on her back and Joanie was licking her pussy.  Joanie was really
      seeing it all now.  I just laid there  and  watched.  Mom  was  gently
      stroking Joanie's butt and occasionally her dick. After Lisa came, Mom
      moved Joanie away by pulling on her dick,  Joanie didn't have a choice
      but follow!

      Joanie stood up then,  and Lisa got the ice this time and  put  it  on
      Joanie.  She rubbed it all over her dick until it was soft and wrinkly
      again. Lisa loved squeezing Joanie's dick when it was soft!


 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Collete was leaning on her elbows,  lying on her back on the bed  with  her
 legs spread open.  She was still flushed,  but happy looking. Lisa was flat
 on her back,  and Mrs.  Sharlton was sitting up.  She looked like  she  was
 having fun,  and was amused. I was on the floor, and my thingy was all hard
 and throbbing again.

 Without thinking, I reached to stroke myself. Mrs.  Sharlton gently slapped
 my  cheek,  and said "I didn't give you permission to do anything yet!  You
 wait right there, and we'll play some more in a few minutes!"

 When the girls had all caught their breath,  Mrs.  Sharlton started talking
 again.  "Wasn't that fun?  That's the right way to treat a little girl like
 Joanie.  We can train her to be a real good toy,  and do  everything  she's
 told."  Lisa  immediately  jumped  in,  "This  is going to be great!",  and
 Collete thoughtfully nodded her head. Collete said, "We should dress her up
 - she's absolutely scandalous right now!  We'll get some really sexy  stuff
 for  her."  Mrs.  Sharlton  nodded  her  head,  "We'll  make her absolutely
 ravishing, but be sure to leave her panties off."

      Collete
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      My mom said, "This is fun! This is the right way to treat Joanie,  and
      we can train her to do everything we want!" Lisa thought it was great.
      I did too, because I was thinking about all the things I'd make Joanie
      do now, and all the things I'd do to her, too.

      I looked at Joanie,  and she was naked except for the bra.  She looked
      very happy, but wasn't looking very pretty right now,  because her ass
      was all red and scratched and her dick was red and hard again.  I told
      Lisa, "We should make her look really sexy now." So we dressed her, in
      as sexy stuff as we had. We kept touching her and stroking her too.

      Lisa and I were still naked when Mrs.  Burl finally came over to  pick
      Joanie up.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 It  had  seemed  like  days,  but  had  only  been about an hour since Mrs.
 Sharlton had walked in on us.  The girls and their mother  spent  the  next
 hour  dressing  me up again,  making me look really pretty.  They put me in
 black nylons, with a garter belt, and a black lacy bra,  and a slinky black
 dress.  They  did  up  eyebrows  and  lashes,  and my lips got a sweet pink
 coloring,  and a touch of powder on my face and around the top of  my  bra.
 The girls were still mostly naked,  and smelled all steamy. Every once in a
 while they'd lift my dress, and smack my bottom, or pull on my dick. It was
 hard keeping the dress in place when my dick moved!

 They were almost done when my mother called up,  "Are you  all  up  there?"
 Mrs. Sharlton answered, "We're having fun, come on up!". My mother came in,
 and stopped in astonishment. The girls were naked and sweaty, and I was all
 dressed up and perfect.  She looked at the girls, and then looked real hard
 at me,  and smiled and said,  "She's so perfect the way he is!  Did you all
 have fun today?  What happened?" Mrs. Sharlton grinned, and lifted my dress
 so my rear showed.  It was all red,  and had some scratch  marks,  and  was
 swollen a bit.  My mother laughed,  "I see you've been training her today!"
 Mrs Sharlton grinned even more, and turned me around so that my hard little
 dick showed.  "Oh no,  " my mother cried,  "that'll ruin the dress!" "Don't
 worry,"  said  Mrs.  Sharlton,  "we'll take care of it so it doesn't show."
 Lisa gushed,  "She's so pretty right now,  and she acted  so  good  for  my
 sister  and  me!"  Collete chimed in,"I'd like to keep her around for a few
 weeks!".

 Momma ran her hands over my butt, which was tender and sore.  I pulled away
 a  bit,  while  simultaneously  saying,  "Please  Mom,  can I stay?".  Mrs.
 Sharlton looked at my mother,  and she looked at me.  Mom said,  "What have
 you  been  told  about  not  doing  anything without permission?  You moved
 without asking,  and talked to me when  you  shouldn't.  Linda,  would  you
 please?"  My  mother  looked at Mrs.  Sharlton,  and nodded her head.  Mrs.
 Sharlton said, "Sure. Joanie, bend over with your dress up." I quickly bent
 over, and she swatted me. Collete and Lisa also took quick turns,  and then
 my mother gave me the last few smacks.

 After it was over,  I stood up again,  and let the dress fall in place.  My
 mother looked at me thoughtfully, "He looks so pretty.  It seems a shame to
 put him back in his regular clothes.  Hmmm. His father's away on a trip for
 two weeks. Why shouldn't I take him home like this,  and tell everyone it's
 my  niece  who's visiting?" Mrs.  Sharlton said "Why not?  It would be good
 practice for her." Collete was upset,  though,  "I wanted to  see  her  for
 awhile!". My mother replied, "Well, you can always come over and visit, and
 I can bring her back.  That's no problem. Why don't we do that? But I think
 we should let her rest a day,  I'm sure she's going to be  sore  tomorrow!"
 she laughed.  Mrs. Sharlton, "That's a good idea! And the girls can go over
 tomorrow and nurse her!  Wouldn't that be a treat?" "Mmmm," my mother said,
 "sure,  why  not?  I can watch them and keep them generally out of trouble.
 Girls,  why don't you watch Joanie for a little bit while your mother and I
 talk?"  They went into Mrs.  Sharlton bedroom,  and came back a few minutes
 later.  "It's all settled.  Your mother will drop off you girls about  noon
 tomorrow. See you then. Come on, Joanie, it's time to leave."

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I  walked  in,  and there was Joanie in absolutely the sexiest clothes
      I've ever seen her in. The girls were naked, instead of Joanie,  for a
      change,  and  they  had  a  look  that said they'd done more than give
      Joanie a spanking.  I  immediately  felt  warm  myself.  I  smiled  at
      everybody,  and  told  them  how  perfect Joanie looked.  I didn't say
      anything about the way they looked! I asked if everyone had fun today,
      and "Tell me everything you did!"

      LInda lifted the back of Joanie's dress.  She was wearing black nylons
      and  a garter belt,  which showed off her red and scratched ass.  They
      had really given her a spanking.  I could tell by the way Linda looked
      that she was turned on,  maybe even more than I was.  I laughed out of
      sheer horniness, and said,  "You've been giving her some real training
      today!" That's when Linda turned Joanie around and showed me her dick!
      She had a little hard-on!  "Oh, no," I said, "she can't wear a dress!"
      I was amazed at the sense of loss I felt at loosing my "little  girl".
      Linda grinned,  "Don't worry,  we'll still be able to dress her. We'll
      just make sure it doesn't show." Lisa added, "She's so pretty, and she
      was so good for us,  can we keep her with us?" I  had  no  doubt  that
      Joanie had indeed "been good" to the two sisters.

      I walked over to see how bad Joanie's rear was,  but it must have been
      very tender because she pulled away when I tried to touch. At the same
      time,  she obviously didn't mind too much because she  said,  "Please,
      Mom,  I'd  like  to stay?".  I was a little hurt that Joanie had moved
      away from me, and looked over at Linda,  who raised an eyebrow,  and I
      said,  "What  have  you  been  told  about  not doing anything without
      permission?  You moved without asking,  and  talked  to  me  when  you
      shouldn't.  Linda,  would  you  please?"  Linda  nodded with a pleased
      smile, and had Joanie over her knee in a second! Collete and Lisa took
      a quick turn,  with obvious relish,  and I gave her a few light smacks
      myself.

      I looked at Joanie when we were done, and thought for a second. He did
      look  so pretty,  and was so obedient.  And,  his father was away on a
      business trip....,  "She looks so pretty.  It seems a shame to put her
      back in his regular clothes. Hmmm. His father's away on a trip for two
      weeks.  Why don't I take her home like this, and tell everyone it's my
      niece who's visiting?"

      Collete looked disappointed,  and told me,  "I wanted to play with her
      some more." I'm sure I know what type of playing she had in mind. But,
      "You  can  always  come over to visit,  dear,  or I can bring her over
      here.  Why not?  It'll be fun for all of us!  I think we  should  have
      Joanie rest tomorrow,  though, she look's like she's going to be quite
      sore." Linda grinned,  "I can agree with that.  Why don't you have the
      girls  'nurse'  her  tomorrow?  They  should learn how to take care of
      their toys!" she laughed.

      Linda and I left the room to talk,  while Joanie got ready to go home.
      I  asked Linda about the days events.  She told me in detail about how
      she how walked in and found Lisa undressing and Joanie with her little
      hard-on. She added, "I knew that if I didn't do something,  then a lot
      more was going to happen that we weren't ready for yet.  I gave Joanie
      a real good spanking while Lisa teased him by showing her breasts off.
      She was so hot by the time she was  done  that  she  must  have  given
      Joanie  the  spanking of her life!  I've never seen Joanie enjoy it so
      much,  either.  I thought she was going to explode it all over my leg,
      so  we  cooled  her  down real quick with an ice cube in the strategic
      location." Linda winked at me.  "I then taught Joanie how to lick more
      than just a pretty girls butt." She stopped and laughed again. "Joanie
      started  off  with  Collete's breasts,  and then finished her off real
      good.  Lisa couldn't wait for her turn.  Joanie  buried  her  face  in
      Lisa's pussy like she was going for the gold!  I thought she was never
      going to come up for air!  The rest of the day was  tame  compared  to
      that.  I  doubt  that  any  of  the  three  will even consider looking
      'elsewhere' for release.  They're all quite happy with each other."  I
      nodded thoughtfully, and replied, "Yes, you're right about that. It'll
      keep  the  girls  out  of  trouble,  and  Joanie will get an excellent
      education too. Better the devil you know, and I think it's a very good
      idea to have some control over what they do learn and do,  don't you?"

      Linda  nodded,  "Well,  you  can  definitely say that none of them are
      repressed.  I prefer that myself.  And," she laughed again,  "Joanie's
      very  trainable.  I've  been  getting  a thrill out of it myself." She
      looked me straight in the eye, "Be honest,  don't you get turned on by
      it?"  I nodded,  "Of course.  Joanie is very becoming as a young lady,
      and the thought of her wearing garters  and  stockings  is  definitely
      doing  something  to my hormones.  If he weren't my son...." I trailed
      off. Linda looked at me, and then "But Joanie isn't your son,  is she?
      And  it  doesn't  hurt  to  train her,  does it?  I mean,  we can't do
      everything the girls will eventually wind up doing, but keeping a hand
      in matters should be OK!" I guess I didn't need much talking into  it,
      for it only took me a few minutes to agree.

      I  stood in thought for a minute,  and then remembered,  "But what did
      Joanie do today? Did she 'do it all'?" Linda laughed again,  "That was
      part  of  the fun!  She didn't even get to touch herself!  Besides,  I
      thought you might want to decide what we do about  that?"  "Yes,  that
      would  be very exciting.  Maybe the girls and I can do something about
      Joanie tomorrow...  I'm sure they'd like to see  it."  Linda  laughed,
      "I'm sure 'something' will happen way before tomorrow.  I doubt Joanie
      can hold it in by herself!" I laughed too, and then said, "Well,  I'll
      just make sure it doesn't."

      We joined the three 'girls', and told Collete and Lisa they could come
      over tomorrow. I told Joanie we were going, and she followed me out to
      the car.

      She  was  so lovely sitting there in the car,  and I couldn't help but
      contrast that with the wild scene that had happened at Linda's.  I was
      thinking about what Linda had said all the way home.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 I  demurely followed my mother out to our car,  being careful to keep in my
 role.  We chatted about this and that,  but my mom  didn't  really  ask  me
 anything about what had happened that day.

 When we got home,  she fixed us dinner, we watched some TV. About 9 PM, she
 told me it was time to get ready for bed.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I made dinner, and then we watched TV.  I wasn't paying any attention,
      as  my  thoughts  were  on Joanie,  and the real Johnny,  and what had
      happened today. I was very turned on by what I saw, and kept returning
      to what Linda had told me,  "but Joanie isn't your son,  is  she?".  I
      also  thought  about  how  to  keep  Joanie  from having an 'accident'
      tonight. It would be special if she had her first ejaculation with the
      girls; that would bond them all together even more.

      As far as the girls went, I was happy. It was obvious that Collete and
      Lisa and Johnny and Joanie were all more than friends.  They obviously
      loved  each  other as well.  I know it wasn't 'romantic' love,  and it
      wasn't 'brother/sister' love although some of that was there. It was a
      deep bond, and they behaved as if they were all one.  It didn't matter
      whether it was Johnny or Joanie,  either, as I mentioned earlier. They
      still got along when he was Johnny,  and were as deeply attached,  but
      treated  each  other  differently.  That's  why I speak of the four of
      them; Collete and Lisa and Johnny and Joanie. There was a distinction,
      and none of the children seemed to have any trouble switching back and
      forth.

      Johnny was a perfectly normal boy, I'd noticed his growing interest in
      girls over the last six months.  His reactions  in  that  matter  were
      perfectly  normal  for a boy his age.  'Johnny' thought of other girls
      besides Linda's,  and his comments sometimes caught me off-guard (like
      the  time we were at the mall,  and I saw him watch a girl walk-by and
      teased him about it, he said, "She's blonde like Lisa, but her butt is
      bigger." He kept on watching until she was past, though!).

      Joanie was a perfectly lovely young lady.  She acted like a young lady
      in public,  except of course she wasn't interested in dolls very much,
      or talking about boys.  She did like looking at clothes,  and eyed the
      latest fashions as we walked by.  Of course, we would never be able to
      take her to the beach or to exercise class!

      As I thought over all of this,  I was still undecided what I was going
      to do.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 She  told  me to wait,  and went in and started my bath.  She called me in,
 told me she was going to help me since I'd probably be sore.  She helped me
 lift  up  my dress,  and step out of my garters and stockings.  I was a bit
 tender. She got out some lotion,  and motioned me to turn.  "This will help
 the discomfort, and make you heal quicker." It felt strange to have her run
 her  hands  over  my  butt,  and when she reached over to rub my dick I was
 embarrassed when it got hard again, real quick. She noticed,  and smiled at
 me,  and said,  "Don't worry,  dear. Now jump into the bath, and when we're
 done we'll put more lotion on." She stayed and watched me while  I  washed,
 and then helped dry my back afterwards. She put the lotion on me again, and
 I was embarrassed again, but she only smiled.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I couldn't wait anymore.  I was still unsure and undecided and verrrry
      excited.  The banal TV shows were irritating me.  I told Joanie  "It's
      time  I put you to bed,  dear.  You've had a very exhausting day,  I'm
      sure. Wait here, and I'll call you in a minute."

      I went into the bathroom and ran a bubble bath  for  Joanie.  I  don't
      usually  do  this,  but  then  again  I usually don't have Joanie as a
      house-guest.  I called her in,  and helped her out of her  dress.  She
      moved  a  little  stiffly,  and I knew she must be sore.  I found some
      healing lotion,  and told Joanie to turn around.  I spread  it  gently
      over her rear.  She squirmed as I rubbed it on her. I saw her face was
      turning pink.  I turned her around again,  and looked at her dick.  It
      was  raw  and  over-worked  too.  I  rubbed  the lotion on it,  and it
      immediately jumped up. I felt a little warm, and looked up to see that
      Joanie was embarrassed as well as horny.  I told  her,  "Don't  worry,
      dear, it's all right."

      I watched her take a bath for two reasons: I didn't want to leave her,
      and to make sure she didn't touch herself and have an 'accident'. When
      she  was  done,  I helped dry her back.  I couldn't resist rubbing the
      lotion on her again,  and spent a little extra time on her  dick  this
      time,  making  sure that I got everywhere;  the head and shaft and all
      her sack.  I smiled at Joanie and she was  embarrassed,  but  she  was
      definitely aroused.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 She  walked into my bedroom with me,  and told me,  "I'll help you into bed
 tonight,  dear.  You were pretty excited  today,  and  we  don't  want  any
 accidents to happen, do we?" She laughed gently, and added, "We're going to
 have  another  special day tomorrow,  and for the next two weeks!" She made
 sure I was lying on my back, between the sheets, and then said,  "I'm going
 to take my shower now,  dear,  so be a good girl. Don't touch anything, and
 I'll be in before I go to bed to say good-night." She turned off the lights
 and left the room, and I could hear the shower running.  I laid very still,
 with  my  hands by my side.  I was thinking about the day's events,  and my
 dick was making a tent in the sheet.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I put Joanie in her bed,  and went to take my own  shower.  I  touched
      myself,  but it just wasn't enough tonight. I quickly finished and got
      out.

      I still had to make sure Joanie didn't have any accidents,  and I knew
      how to do that from when Johnny had had a case of poison ivy.  I'd tie
      her hands to the bed posts so she couldn't touch herself.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 The shower stopped running,  and a few minutes later my mother walked  back
 in.  She was wearing her regular white-terry robe, which I'd seen plenty of
 times before.  It had  short  sleeves  and  came  down  to  her  knees  and
 overlapped and tied in the front. She was holding some old nylon stockings.
 "I  think these will be OK.  We have to make some preparations tonight,  so
 there won't be any accidents.  Now place your  hands  by  the  posts."  She
 gently but firmly tied my hands to the corner posts, in a big "Y", and then
 lifted  the  other  end  of the sheet and tied my feet to the bottom corner
 posts,  so that my legs were spread apart.  She was telling me that she was
 glad I had been a good girl today.  As she moved about, her terry robe kept
 shifting,  and I was having a hard time trying to  avoid  staring  at  what
 wasn't showing. I could tell that the front of the robe was open a bit, and
 I was hoping to see the valley between her breasts.

 After  she  finished  with  the ropes she smoothed the sheets over me.  She
 tried to smooth the "bump", and laughed, "Well, I guess you were a good boy
 today too!".  She moved over and sat by my  side  so  that  we  were  close
 together.  "Well,  I  was proud of you.  You're a lovely girl,  and I guess
 you're growing to be a man,  too.  You'll always be my baby,  though."  She
 laughed  again,  and leaned down to hug my head to her chest.  I could feel
 the damp warmth from her shower,  and burrowed my head between her breasts.
 I could actually feel some of her skin, and she was heavenly warm and sweet
 smelling.  "Why,  yes you are my baby",  she laughed. She looked at me, and
 asked,  "Did you like the girls today?" I nodded between her  breasts,  and
 she laughed again. "Let me hold you close!" She opened her robe a bit more,
 and  pressed  her  arms  together  until  I felt her bare breast against my
 cheek. With one hand,  she gently pushed her breast until her nipple was in
 front of my eye,  and then moved my head towards her.  I took her nipple in
 my mouth,  and touched it with my tongue and tasted how warm and  sweet  it
 was.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I  put  on  my  old terry robe,  and went and found some old nylons of
      mine,  and walked into Joanie's room.  She was still lying as I'd left
      her.  Joanie's  eyes were looking at me,  and it was a look that she'd
      never given me before. I felt myself starting to become wet again.

      Joanie has an old-fashioned bed, with corner posts but no headboard or
      footboard.  I tied Joanie's hands and feet to the corners of the  bed.
      She was lying there,  arms and legs wide,  and I looked at her.  She'd
      been very obedient and gentle all day, and now she wasn't able to move
      unless I let her.  I loved spanking that little  butt,  but  this  was
      something I didn't know I would also enjoy. I could see the mound from
      her crotch,  and I knew she was still excited.  I liked the thought of
      her being excited about me,  and also because she couldn't do anything
      about  it unless I let her.  Her eyes keep trying to look down my robe
      as I moved around; I made sure I bent over several times,  and let the
      robe just naturally open more by itself.  As I worked,  I kept telling
      Joanie how proud I was of her,  and how much I liked the way she acted
      as a 'girl'.

      After Joanie was tied,  I smoothed the sheets so she wouldn't lie on a
      wrinkle.  I tried to straighten the 'bump',  but it only  jumped  more
      when I touched it. I laughed when I felt it, and told Joanie, "Well, I
      guess you're growing up to be a good boy too!".

      I  sat  down besides Joanie,  and told her again how proud and happy I
      was.  I remembered back to when  it  all  started,  my  'little  baby'
      walking  out  with  Collete and Lisa that very first time long ago.  I
      laughed at the thought,  and impulsively told Joanie "You'll always be
      my little baby!",  and leaned down to pull her head to me. Joanie held
      her breath for a second,  and then I realized that  I  held  her  head
      between  my  breasts  in  the open part of my robe.  She tried to move
      closer, and my cunt became so wet I could feel the juices leaking out.

      I was still for a second,  and then asked Joanie,  "Did you  like  the
      girls today?  Did you like what they did to you?" She nodded her head,
      trying to feel even more of my breasts against her  face.  I  laughed,
      and  pulled her even deeper into my robe,  until her cheek was against
      the side of my breast.  I could feel her hot and heavy breath on them,
      and I moved my arms until my breasts were pressed against her face. My
      breasts  had that heavy and full feeling,  and my nipples were so hard
      they almost hurt. I reached one hand into my robe, and gently massaged
      it.  I moved it until the nipple  was  by  Joanie's  mouth,  and  then
      pressed her onto it. She took it and sucked it and touched it with her
      tongue like she was tasting it. I hadn't thought that the nipple could
      get any harder. Yes, this was 'Joanie', and everything was all right.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 My mother gently spoke to me,  and asked, "Did you do this with the girls?"
 I nodded my head,  unwilling  to  move  away  from  her  warm  breast.  She
 continued,  "Did you like doing it with the girls?" I nodded again. "Do you
 like doing this to my breast?" I pulled away,  but only enough  to  whisper
 "even better", and moved against her again.

 She  held  me for a few minutes,  and then pulled away from me so she could
 look in my face. She smiled, slow and sexy, and asked in a low voice, "What
 else did you do to the girls?" I whispered back, "I licked them." "On their
 butts?" "Yes" "Between their legs?" "Yes" "Did you like it?" "Oh yes!" "Did
 you touch them there" I shook my head no, unable to speak anymore. "Did you
 want to touch them?" "Yes" "Do you want to touch me?" I could only nod yes.
 I felt very weak because I was so excited and tense and felt like I  should
 explode.

 She  leaned  over,  and started untying my hand that was closest to her.  I
 could feel her bare breasts against my arm. Then my hand was free,  and she
 held  it  in  hers.  I was so tense that my butt was no longer touching the
 bed,  my back was arched in excitement.  Mom moved a little closer  to  me,
 then moved her hand, and mine within it, slowly along her leg.

 She looked different;  her eyes were half closed and her mouth was open and
 her lips looked bigger and she was talking in a low voice,  "Do you want to
 touch me?" "Yes,  please let me touch you!" I whispered. She moved her hand
 against herself,  and then pressed my palm flat  against  her  between  her
 legs.  I could feel her warm skin,  and her hair, and it was round and soft
 and wet. She moved my hand,  gently rubbing it all over.  I didn't have any
 strength of my own,  it was all gone.  "Do you like it?" she asked. "Oh yes
 it's so nice don't stop please don't stop" "I won't.  There's more and more
 yet", and she moved my hand farther down between her legs until my palm was
 cupping  her cunt lips.  They were all wet and soft,  and I could feel them
 pressing against my hand.  She moved my hand in a gentle  circular  motion,
 and  then  started  pressing herself harder against my hand.  She pushed my
 fingers until they were almost bent over,  and I was almost pulling at  her
 hair and lips.  Everything felt so soft and wonderful, and then she pressed
 my finger inside until it was  surrounded  by  warmth  and  smoothness  and
 moistness.  She pressed my hand even harder, and another finger slipped in,
 and then she put her fingers against mine and pushed them even deeper  into
 her,  and  against  her,  and rocked herself back and forth on them.  I was
 straining to see,  but her hands were covering her and I couldn't  see  any
 more.  I looked at her breasts,  and they were bouncing as she rocked,  and
 the nipples stood straight out and her eyes were closed and her  mouth  was
 open  and she was breathing hard and she was beautiful and I wanted to make
 her happy.  She rocked,  and then suddenly said "Stop!" and pulled my  hand
 from  within  her and just held it against her for a mere second,  and then
 she was standing and moving to the head of my bed and she turned around and
 lowered her cunt until I could see it it was right over my face and it  was
 beautiful  and  soft and very wet and warm and then it covered my mouth and
 my tongue touched it and her whole body quivered so  I  pushed  harder  and
 harder  and  sucked and tried to touch everything inside with my tongue and
 she pushed harder and harder and my hand was on her soft butt  holding  her
 against  me  and  suddenly  she  was very wet and my mouth was filling with
 juices and she was shuddering all over and moaning but not  really  moaning
 making  noises  and then she relaxed all over.  She moved her cunt back and
 forth across my face,  more slowly still and then stopped but my tongue was
 still  trying  to  reach her and then she was gone and then she was leaning
 over me and kissing me and her mouth was inside me probing against mine and
 this was almost as good.  And then she stood and held my face  between  her
 hands and said, "I love you" and I said "I love you". I was utterly drained
 and  couldn't  move  I  was  so weak but my dick was still hard and it hurt
 because it wanted to explode but I was so tired I couldn't even touch it. I
 hardly noticed when Mom tied it back to the bed, or left the room. The next
 thing I knew she was holding my head up and placed a pill in my mouth,  and
 said  "This  will  help  you  sleep",  and I swallowed it and lay still for
 another minute and then I must have been asleep.

      Maryanne
      -----------------------------------------------------------
      I was breathing deep and slow, and asked Joanie, "Did you do this with
      the girls?" She nodded her head, and I continued my questions. "Do you
      like doing this to my breast?" She whispered "This  is  even  better",
      and  then  pushed  her  face  against  me again.  I held her there for
      awhile,  while I thought,  and then pushed her away so I could see her
      face.  "What  else  did  you  do to the girls?" Joanie and I were both
      whispering now,  and her reply was low,  "I kissed and  licked  them".
      "Where  did you lick them?" "On their butts" "Anywhere else?" "Between
      their legs." "Did you like it?" "It was so nice and warm and wet" "Did
      you touch them there." "I couldn't but I wanted to so  bad."  I  could
      hardly hear Joanie anymore. I was wondering what she'd say to the next
      question,  and then I took my courage and whispered it to her, "Do you
      want to touch me?" Joanie  only  nodded,  but  there  was  a  look  of
      adoration  and love and lust all mixed together on her face that I was
      sure she meant it. I was weak,  but I reached over and untied Joanie's
      hand,  and  then  placed  it on my leg and moved it towards me while I
      watched Joanie's face. I asked her again, because I wanted to hear her
      again and to tease her,  "Do you want to touch me?" Her voice  was  so
      low  I  had to strain to hear the answer,  "Please please let me touch
      you!" And then I moved my hand all the way and placed her palm against
      my cunt.

      It was almost like an electric shock. I had never felt this excited in
      my whole life. Her hand was warm and soft and pliable,  and held in my
      own heat against me.  I rubbed my hand over hers,  and her hand rubbed
      against me. I could feel how full I was down there,  and her hand sank
      into  the  soft skin.  "Do you like the way it feels?".  Joanie's half
      closed eyes opened wider, and she looked at me and said "It's so nice,
      please don't stop,  please don't stop" and I said "I won't we'll do it
      more". There was a look of nirvana on Joanie's face, and I felt like a
      goddess I was so hot and electrified and Joanie was tied to the bed.

      I moved her hand further and further down and pressed her palm against
      my  opened  cunt lips.  They felt so big and warm.  I pressed her hand
      harder against them until she had cupped them and  squeezed  them  and
      felt their fullness.  I pushed even harder and then her finger slipped
      inside and it was like another  shock.  I  pressed  harder  still  and
      another  finger slid inside and then I pressed my fingers against hers
      until both our fingers were inside.  I pressed deeper and  deeper  and
      moved against them and held them tight against my insides.  I orgasmed
      and kept on orgasming and moved around them and then  knew  that  this
      was  only  a prelude that I was going to come even more and more and I
      stopped and pulled her hand from within me and let it  cup  me  for  a
      second.  And  then  I knew what I wanted and I stood over Joanie and I
      lowered my cunt right over her  face  and  she  took  it  and  pressed
      against  it  with her mouth and electrified it with her tongue against
      my pussy lips and inside and the  sucking  and  I  pushed  harder  and
      harder  this  was  Joanie  this  was  my  son this was my son and he's
      fucking me and this is Joanie and this is my toy and this  is  my  son
      and then I came and came and came and my legs were so weak and I never
      felt  this  way  before  and  I couldn't stop but then I was so weak I
      couldn't continue and then I leaned over my son and kissed  Joanie  on
      the  lips  and sank my tongue deep within her mouth and I loved her so
      very much that my legs became weak again and she had made me  so  very
      happy  and I held her face and told her I loved her and she told me "I
      love you".

      And I stood back and realized I must be in shock because one  part  of
      me  was  totally  numb and the other part of me was mechanical.  And I
      looked at Joanie and realized she was the same, in shock, only she was
      still un-released.  I tied her hand back and mechanically went  to  my
      bathroom  and got two sleeping pills and went back to Joanie's bedroom
      and she was still awake but not really aware and I gave her one of the
      pills and I watched and she was asleep in a minute.  And then I walked
      back  to  my bedroom and put on my nighty and lay in the dark thinking
      and realizing I loved Johnny and I loved Joanie and I loved Joanie  as
      a  toy  and  I loved being a goddess and I loved spanking her and knew
      I'd never loved so many people at once but it was OK because they  all
      loved me, and then I took my sleeping pill as the night went away.


      Linda
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I called Maryanne early the next morning, to confirm our plans for the
      day. I had been so excited last night that I had almost attacked hubby
      when  he  came  home and I insisted and we made love right then,  even
      though the girls were still awake and giggling as we went upstairs.  I
      rode him and he came but I didn't stop but continued and he came again
      and then finally I came and lay down on top of his chest.

      Afterwards, hubby looked at me puzzled as if he was wondering what was
      going on.  I smiled knowingly,  and just said,  "It's the best time of
      the month,  and it's been too long building up." He  looked  surprised
      that I knew what he was thinking about,  but sometimes men are so easy
      to  out-guess.   We  stayed  in  bed,   just  laying  there  warm  and
      comfortable.  Hubby  finally  stirred  enough to ask,  "What about the
      girls?" I giggled, and told him,  "You're my husband.  Let them find a
      man of their own." He frowned for a minute, because he still thinks of
      them  as  little babies,  and doesn't like to acknowledge that they've
      reached that age.  "Not that," he  said,  "what  about  dinner?"  "Oh,
      they're old enough to fend for themselves now. I'll wait until they're
      asleep, and then I'll go down and get something for us. Let's just lie
      here for now." He grunted assent, and we lay there drifting in-and-out
      of a contented sleep.

      The  girls were getting ready for bed,  the noise in the bathroom woke
      me up. I walked out, closing the bedroom door behind me, to go get our
      supper. The girls were both in the bathroom, and giggled when they saw
      me  because  I  was  still  naked,   and  needed  a  shower  from  our
      love-making.  They knew what was what, I'd made sure of that! "Shh," I
      whispered as I came to the  door,  "you'll  wake  your  father."  They
      giggled again,  softer this time,  and then Collete asked ingenuously,
      "I guess you were tired, to go to bed so early? Right, Mom?" "Very." I
      replied with a light laugh. "After all,  you two weren't the only ones
      in  the  room with Joanie." They giggled again,  and I went downstairs
      and fixed some sandwiches.  I woke up hubby and handed him a glass  of
      light  wine,  and  after  he  took  a  sip,  a sandwich.  We sat there
      cross-legged on the bed eating by the light of the street-lamp shining
      through the window.  We sat and talked and laughed at each  other  and
      then he reached down between my legs as I sat there and touched me and
      I leaned back and we made love again. It was a wonderful night.

      So  I was in a bright and cheery mood that morning.  I called Maryanne
      as soon as hubby left for  work,  since  I  was  still  excited  about
      yesterday  and  looking  forward  to  today.  She must have been still
      asleep because she sounded  groggy  when  she  answered,  "Hello?".  I
      couldn't wait,  so I asked her,  "Well? How did it go last night?" And
      then she burst into tears and was crying and I couldn't  understand  a
      word she said and I told her,"I'll be right there, hold on!". I called
      the girls, but I didn't want to worry them, so I just said I had to go
      out right away to do something,  and stay out of trouble, please? They
      looked puzzled, and said, "Sure, of course."

      I drove over to Maryanne's house  and  let  myself  in.  I  found  her
      huddled on the edge of her bed, crying more gently now. Before walking
      in,  I peeked in at Joanie real quick, and she was just sleeping there
      peacefully and innocently, with a slight smile on her face. Of course,
      she was tied down, which was strange.

      I walked back into Maryanne's room and sat down beside  her.  She  was
      wearing a rumpled night gown, and even though she looked miserable and
      was crying,  I couldn't help but notice how beautiful her body was.  I
      had to help my friend,  so I pulled her against me  and  held  her.  I
      gently told her, "Tell me all about it."

      She cried,  and said,  "It happened last night.  I did it, and I don't
      know what to do." I sighed mentally,  and then softly told her,  "Tell
      me from the beginning.."

      "We came home,  and had dinner,  and watched television.  I was so hot
      over everything that I couldn't concentrate so I'd thought I'd put her
      to bed early.  And I watched her bathe and that made  me  hotter,  and
      then  I  put  her  to  bed  and  I was so hot I had to stop and take a
      shower.." It all came out in a gush,  and Maryanne had to stop  for  a
      breathe  before continuing,  "and I touched myself in the shower,  but
      that didn't help at all, and then I went back into his bedroom" Ahh, I
      thought to myself, now it's 'him'.  Of course that's the problem,  and
      Maryanne  went on,  "and then we did it,  and I love her so much and I
      don't know what to do!" She stopped and started crying again,  sobbing
      softly into my shoulder.

      I didn't know if I could help her out of this.  This was serious,  and
      to stall for time I asked her exactly "what they did last night".

      She paused, as if trying to remember, and then started, "Well,  I took
      a  shower  but that didn't work,  and I went into her bedroom and tied
      her down so there wouldn't be any 'accidents' during  the  night,  and
      after  that  I  was  sitting  by  her  on  the bed,  and I was so hot,
      remember?  I asked her about yesterday,  and she told me,  and then  I
      held him against my breast,  and he liked that,  and I asked him if he
      liked it, and he said 'yes very much',  and then I untied his hand and
      asked  her to touch me,  and he touched me and held my cunt and then I
      pushed his fingers inside me, and asked if she liked it and she didn't
      want to stop and then it felt so good so I made her eat me, and that's
      what happened."

      I thought this was getting worse and worse,  and I still didn't see  a
      way out of it,  so I probed even further: "How did you feel while this
      was happening?" "Oh, I felt so good, I'd never felt so good before, it
      was fantastic!  When she touched  me  it  felt  like  electricity  was
      flowing through my cunt!  And then when she ate me I came and came and
      I felt like a goddess it was so good!" Even in her depression, she was
      almost glowing with the memory. It must have been some kind of charge!
      I couldn't help but feel a deep pang of jealousy even though  she  was
      miserable now.  "And why was it so good for you?" I probed further;  I
      thought I saw a way out of this mess for her.  "Oh it was Joanie lying
      there  so  beautiful,  and  then  she  was tied up,  and what happened
      yesterday with the girls and the spanking, and she was touching me and
      she looked at me so adoringly and I felt like a goddess  and  then  it
      was my son who was eating my cunt that he came from and making me come
      and  come  and  come and then it was over and I was kissing my son and
      telling him I loved him and telling her I loved her and they said they
      loved me and Oh God now I feel so terrible!"

      Yes,  I thought I saw a way for her now,  and  the  only  trouble  was
      getting  her  to  see it.  I had to be careful how I told her,  so she
      would understand what I was saying.  I looked thoughtfully around  the
      room,  and  then  pulled  her  off  the  bed and into the light coming
      through the window. I turned her so we faced each other,  and held her
      by her shoulders and focused all of my attention at her face. She felt
      the force of my stare, and looked back at me from a tear-stained face.

      "Do  you  love  Joanie?"  "She's everything lovely and gentle.  I love
      her." Her response was wondering what this was about.

      "Did she like what happened last night?" Her response was slow as  she
      thought back, "Yesss.. she loved it as much as I did..."

      "Was she upset by happened last night?" "Noo.."

      "Was she hurt by what happened?" "No...". Maryanne's voice became less
      tearful and more thoughtful as she thought back.

      "Do  you  love  Joanie  when  you  spank her?" "Yesss.." This was more
      slowly said, as if she wasn't sure.

      "Does Joanie love it when you spank her?" This was a firm "Yes!", with
      almost a laugh in it again.

      "Was Joanie 'the toy' upset by what  happened  last  night?"  "Nooo...
      Just completely tired out!"

      "Was Joanie 'the toy' hurt by what happened last night?" "No..  That's
      what she's for, and what she likes!"

      Maryanne was beginning to see what I was driving at. The hard part was
      yet to come, however.

      "Do you love your son as a mother?" "Yes." There was no doubt  in  her
      mind  about  that;  I knew that they loved and respected each other as
      mother and child.

      "Does your son love you as a mother?" "Yes." This answer  was  equally
      firm and sure.

      "You're  a  lovely woman,  Maryanne,  and I'm jealous of you" Maryanne
      looked surprised at this turn of events.  She turned questioning  eyes
      on me.  I gently touched her breast through her nighty, and said, "You
      have a lovely figure,  beautiful and sweet." I moved my hand from  her
      breast  and  held her hip gently "What son doesn't think of his mother
      in these terms, also? He's proud of you,  and thinks you're beautiful,
      and loves you."

      "Was Johnny upset by what happened last night?" "Noo..." her reply was
      thoughtful again.

      "Did Johnny like what happened last night?" "Yess..."

      Now was the time for the kicker. I hoped it worked. "So let's see what
      we have.  You love Joanie,  and you love the things you do to her. You
      love Johnny.  Joanie loves you,  and loves the things you do  to  her.
      Johnny loves you.  They're all the same people,  and they all love and
      adore you,  and he or she or they were  none  of  them  hurt  by  what
      happened  last  night.  And  you've  told  me it's the best thing that
      you've experienced.  Since they don't have any,  I'm sure it  was  the
      best thing that happened to them too. So tell me, Maryanne, why aren't
      you happy?"

      I could see her internal war in her expression.  She knew I was right,
      but she also knew that she'd taken that final  step  into  that  taboo
      realm that only I might understand.

      She  was  poised on the brink of happiness or deep misery.  I'd better
      clinch the argument,  or I might lose her  yet:  "So  tell  me,  would
      Johnny  be  mad if you canceled the big plans for today?" Suddenly she
      was laughing, "Boy, would he!", and everything was all right.  We held
      each  other  for a few minutes,  and then I pushed her away so I could
      see her face.  Her face was radiant and calm,  and I thought to myself
      that  this  was  the happiest and best woman I knew,  and felt a brief
      stab of envy.

      I only had one more thing to say to  Maryanne,  "Seriously,  Maryanne,
      you've  got a fine young person there.  The only problem that you must
      face up to is that someday he'll be all grown up and  want  to  leave.
      You'll have to let him go when he's ready.  You know that,  don't you?
      There'll be other people in his life." Maryanne gave a crinkly  smile,
      and said, "He's already gotten very attached to two fine young women I
      know.  Haven't  you seen the way they all look at each other?  Whether
      it's John or Joanie, they love and respect each other. I know he's not
      my baby anymore,  and that even now there's other people in his  life,
      and more will come,  and someday," she sighed at this, "he'll move out
      and start a family of his own."

      We smiled at each other for a second, and then I asked her,  "Will you
      be all right?" She laughed,  and said, "Thanks to you, I'm fine! Let's
      sit down and have coffee and talk!"

      "I'd love to," I replied,  "especially since I want EVERY detail about
      last night - another thing I'm jealous of! But - I left the girls in a
      hurry  and  I'd  better  go  check to make sure they're staying out of
      trouble!" Maryanne gave a little laugh, leaned forward, and kissed me,
      "I love you! Go, and I'll see you this afternoon!"

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 I slowly awoke the next morning. I was stiff,  because I hadn't slept in my
 usual  position.  My  rear  was  sore  and  stiff,  too,  from the spanking
 yesterday. Slowly I remembered what had happened last night.  I wasn't sure
 it was a dream or not.  It had seemed real.  Thinking about it made my dick
 hard again.  I lay there for awhile.  I could hear my mom moving about  the
 house,  but  I was scared to call her.  I didn't know what to do about last
 night.  Was it real or not?  How would she act towards me today if  it  was
 real?  What if it wasn't real and I said the wrong thing?  I was too scared
 to call for her. I laid there as long as I could,   but unfortunately I had
 to go pee. I waited until it really hurt, and then I had to call her.

 "Mom?" She hadn't heard me.  "Mom?" A bit louder, and I could hear her stop
 for a second.  "Be right there honey!".  She walked in after a few seconds,
 and she was still wearing her nighty!  She always wore a robe.  I could see
 through it a little,  which made my dick jump up and down a  bit.  She  saw
 thought, and laughed, and then came over and kissed me slowly on the mouth!
 She looked at me with love and humor in her eyes,  and brushed my hair back
 from my forehead. I sighed with relief and closed my eyes; it hadn't been a
 dream, it had happened, and everything was still OK.

 I opened my eyes again,  and Mom smiled at me and said,  "You  were  lovely
 last night,  Joanie.  I loved every minute of it. How do you feel today?" I
 smiled back,  "I thought it might have been a dream this morning because it
 was so good.  I wasn't sure." She laughed,"No,  it wasn't a dream, and yes,
 it was real good. But how's your little rear today?" I groaned, "It hurts a
 little, but I've REALLY got to go to the bathroom REAL quick!" She laughed,
 kissed me quickly, and then untied my hands.  I sat up and watched her bend
 over to untie my feet. My dick bounced a few more times at the sight.

 As  soon  as  she  was  done,  I  hopped out and went to the bathroom.  Mom
 followed me,  and stopped me as I stood in front the  of  the  toilet.  "No
 dear,"  she gently corrected me,  "girls always sit down." I sat down,  but
 still couldn't go.  It hurt so much,  but  I  couldn't  pee  with  my  dick
 sticking up like that!  Embarrassed, I looked up at Mom. She laughed again,
 "Wait a sec!" and left the room. She was back in a minute with an ice cube,
 "This will take care of that!" She held it to me, and then rubbed it around
 as it started melting.  Soon I it was back to normal,  and she watched as I
 heaved a big sigh of relief and started peeing.

 As  I  was  going,  she  was  turning  on  the  shower  and  adjusting  the
 temperature.  "I want this nice and cool,  so you won't get excited." As  I
 stood up,  mom said,  "Girls always wipe themselves before standing,  dear.
 Sit down again.  Now take a piece of tissue,  and reach down  between  your
 legs  and  pat yourself dry.  That's good.  Of course,  you'll also have to
 stand to wipe your rear,  but always pat yourself dry before standing.  Now
 get  in  the shower and I'll wait for you." I got in the shower and started
 soaping myself.  When I got to my dick  I  guess  my  mom  must  have  been
 watching  through  the  shower  curtain,  because  she  said,  "Don't touch
 yourself there too much!".  I didn't linger in the shower  because  it  was
 only lukewarm,  and I was cold.  As I got out my mom handed my a towel, and
 picked up another one to do my back for me.  Then she got out the ointment,
 and rubbed it on my rear. I didn't get embarrassed when she rubbed it on my
 dick  because  of the cold shower.  The lotion made me feel better.  My mom
 gave me another quick lesson,  "A girl  always  puts  her  face  on  before
 leaving the bathroom.  We'll just touch up your eyes,  a little powder, and
 some light lipstick." We spent fifteen  minutes  while  she  supervised  me
 while  I  put everything on.  Collete and Lisa or Mrs.  Sharlton had always
 done my make-up before.

 We walked into my bedroom, and Mom helped me get dressed for the morning. I
 wore a slip,  and bra,  and of course I stuffed it,  and I also  wore  some
 pumps  and a flowery robe.  We went out and had breakfast.  I didn't get as
 much as I usually do,  because Mom said that  girls  have  to  watch  their
 weight and figure.  After breakfast, Mom said I should go back to bed until
 Collete and Lisa arrived. We went back into the bedroom where I took all of
 my clothes off, and then Mom tied me back down.

 I thought a bit about everything that had happened, and then fell asleep.

 I woke up when my mom came in with Lisa and Collete and Mrs. Sharlton.  The
 girls  paused  for a minute when they walked in the door,  and then Collete
 giggled and said "But she's tied down!".  My mom replied,  "That's to  keep
 her from having an accident, girls. Later today we'll let her have one, but
 it  isn't  time  yet."  Mrs.  Sharlton smiled,  "Maybe I'll come back for a
 little while then!  I don't want to miss all of the fun!" My  mom  replied,
 "Well,  why  don't you come back tonight and sleep here?  You and the girls
 can keep Joanie and I company,  and we can have  a  slumber  party."  "That
 sounds good,  and I can let my husband fend for himself. What time should I
 be back?" "How about 6 PM?  We can go out to dinner or something."  "Great.
 Have fun girls, and take care of Joanie. See you later." Mrs. Sharlton gave
 Collete and Lisa a quick peck on the cheek and left.

 My mom lifted the sheet off of me, and the girls giggled when they saw that
 I was naked.  My dick started to get hard again,  and Mom said,  "Well, she
 must be glad to see you girls!".  Collete and Lisa  laughed  at  that.  Mom
 continued,  "You  girls  untie  Joanie;  I've got to go get some things for
 her." She walked out, and Collete and Lisa started loosening me.

 Lisa winked at me, "You look good today, Joanie. Are you looking forward to
 today as much as you enjoyed yesterday?" I giggled,  and replied,  "I don't
 see how we can top yesterday, but I sure want to try."

 Collete grinned down at my head, "And how's your butt today?" I grimaced at
 that,  and said "What do you think?  You did a good job on it yesterday.  I
 think I can survive it again if you want. In fact,  I'd like that too!" and
 my grimace turned into a grin at her.  She kept on grinning,  "I can oblige
 that!"

 My mom was walking in at this part,  and she laughed.  "Not  today,  dears.
 We're  going  to let little Joanie's butt rest or else she won't be able to
 walk. We'll find something else to do today. But before we do anything,  we
 have to nurse Joanie a bit.  Stand up,  dear." Mom sat down on the bed, put
 some lotion on her hand, and pulled me over to her.  She started rubbing my
 rear gently with the lotion,  saying "This will remove some of the swelling
 and help her to heal faster where she's cut.  You girls make  sure  to  put
 some  everywhere she needs it." Collete and Lisa each took some lotion from
 her,  and started rubbing it on my butt.  Lisa got some more from  my  mom,
 giggled, and then started putting it on my dick. She looked at it carefully
 as she worked, and when she was done she leaned forward and quickly gave it
 a little peck of a kiss on the end.  She looked up at me with a grin, "Does
 that make it feel better?" I grinned back,  "It  makes  it  feel  like  you
 wouldn't  believe." "Ah,  ah,  girls.  Don't get her too excited yet.  Your
 mother would be disappointed  if  anything  happened  prematurely  and  she
 didn't get to see it." "Sure,  Mrs.  Burl.  We'll keep her from getting TOO
 excited" said Lisa.  Collete grinned too,  "Part of the fun is keeping  her
 excited  without  letting her go all the way." My mom laughed at that,  "It
 has been fun watching her get all excited and frustrating her at  the  same
 time, hasn't it!"

 Lisa and Collete had finished with me by then,  so Mom took up another tube
 of lotion and gave some to the girls.  They started with that  lotion,  and
 immediately some of the soreness went away.  My mom was talking again while
 they started in on me, "This is a topical anesthetic. It'll ease the sting,
 and also," she paused for effect,  "numb her senses,  so it will also  help
 keep her from having an accident too early.  Now,  Collete,  Lisa," and she
 paused again until they looked at her, "we all love Johnny,  don't we?" She
 waited,  and they nodded. I was embarrassed, and could feel my face turning
 red.  "And we also love Joanie,  don't we?" Collete and Lisa nodded  again.
 "And,.. we all love playing with Joanie, don't we?" this last part was said
 with a grin. Lisa and Collete agreed with this! "So when we're playing with
 Joanie in private like this,  you can call me by my name,  Maryanne.  After
 all,  it's silly to be formal when we're all like this!" she laughed again.
 Lisa and Collete looked at her shyly,  and then glanced at each other. Lisa
 was first,  "Thank you,  Maryanne.  I'd like that." Collete looked a little
 embarrassed,  and then blurted out,  "It's been so fun, Mrs. Burl. I'd like
 to be friends!" My mom laughed,  "Of course we  can,  Collete,  and  that's
 Maryanne!" Collete laughed too, "Ok, Maryanne!"

 My mom stood up,  and walked over to me,  and held my face in her hands.  I
 was embarrassed,  and she leaned over and said to me,  "And you're my  very
 special friend,  Joanie. Call me by my name whenever you're dressed. I love
 you very much." I could feel tears in my eyes as I replied,  "I  love  you,
 Maryanne." She smiled and kissed me slowly on the lips.

 Collete  and  Lisa  were staring wide-eyed at this exchange.  Mom turned to
 them and said, "We've got a big day ahead of us. I'm going to leave you two
 alone  with  Joanie.   You  can  play  with  her,   BUT,"  and  she  looked
 significantly at them,  "let her derriere heal;  don't get her too excited;
 and she can't use her hands to touch your panties.  You know what  I  mean!
 I'll check in about two hours from now,  when we'll start getting ready for
 your mother to come over.  Give some thought about what Joanie should  wear
 tonight  for dinner,  and also her 'special occasion'!" She smiled and left
 the room, gently closing the door behind her.

 Lisa was wide-eyed.  "Wow.  Unbelievable." Collete was more thoughtful,  "I
 think I'm really going to like her... and tonight, too." Lisa turned to me,
 and asked me point blank, "What the hell happened last night?"

 I was caught off-guard.  Mom hadn't said anything to them, so I didn't know
 if I should.  But these were my friends and I loved them and we always told
 each  other everything.  I struggled for a second,  and then realized there
 was no way I COULDN'T tell them.  I opened my mouth,  shut  it,  opened  it
 again, and didn't know what to say! I tried anyhow to explain it.

 "It was... it happened when she put me to bed. We... I don't know!"

 Lisa  asked  a  gentle  question,  "Did  you love her?" "Yes!  but not like
 that... it was..  I touched her...  and.." I wound down again,  not knowing
 how to explain.

 Collete  looked  at me and softly said,  "Your mom's very beautiful,  isn't
 she?" "Yes, and.. I don't know how to say it..  I mean,  it was the same...
 as yesterday with you.... but it was different, and... I don't know"

 Collete  and  Lisa looked at each other.  They'd never seen me without some
 kind of answer! Collete looked back at me, and asked, "You really love your
 mother,  don't you?" I nodded,  unable to express it with the real depth of
 emotion I felt.

 Lisa  spoke  in a normal tone of voice,  and it seemed almost a shout after
 our whispering,  "You're really lucky to have a mother  who  loves  you  so
 much."  And  Collete said,  "And she's lucky to have a son who loves her so
 much.  And what you've said makes us realize how much we love  our  mother,
 too."

 And then Lisa almost yelled with glee, "And we're all so lucky to have each
 other!"  And  we  all  broke out laughing and hugged each other at the same
 time!

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I closed the door behind me,  and leaned against,  and waited.  I knew
      that I had dropped several bombshells in their midst,  and had to know
      how they were taking it. And,  although Linda had set me straight this
      morning, there was still that shadow of doubt.
      I could here them muttering,  but nothing was clear. They were talking
      in such low tones.
      Then,  clear as a bell,  I heard Lisa say,"You're so lucky to  have  a
      mother who loves you so much." And Collete was saying,  "Your mother's
      so lucky to have a son who loves her so much." And  then  Lisa  again,
      "We're  so lucky to have each other!" And then they were all laughing,
      and I was smiling as I walked away.

 Joanie
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 We all calmed down after a few minutes.  I felt strange,  all  drained  and
 weak, so I told Collete and Lisa and we all sat down on the bed. Naturally,
 Lisa had to ask the question, "So what happened last night? I mean, all the
 details, tell us what actually happened?"

 So  I told them everything,  from the moment I went to take my bath until I
 fell asleep.  I included every detail,  from the feel of Mom's  breast  and
 nipples and her scent,  to the feel of her cunt in my hand,  and the way if
 felt to have my fingers in her, and how I was so tense.  Everything.  Every
 little  detail.  The smell and how I much I liked her taste and how she sat
 on my face and the way she kissed me.

 Collete and Lisa were both flushed when I finished.  I was hot  again,  but
 still  weak,  so I added,  "And that's maybe why I'm so dragged out now.  I
 feel like  I'm  going  to  collapse."  Collete  was  struggling  to  remain
 thoughtful even though she was hot again. "Have you eaten lunch yet?" "No..
 I  had breakfast,  but I don't even know what time it is.  Come to think of
 it, I definitely have to go to the bathroom, too!"

 Collete leaned around me to talk to Lisa, which made it easy for her to put
 her arms around me.  "We ARE supposed to nurse her today.  Why don't you go
 see if Maryanne has anything to feed her?  We'll feed her in bed today! And
 while you're doing that,  I'll take Joanie to the  bathroom.  What  do  you
 think?" Lisa nodded, but I think she was fighting her own desires too. "OK.
 Sounds good" It sounded more like disappointment!

 Collete walked with me to the bathroom, and then closed the door behind us.
 She  leaned  back against it,  and looked at me.  I waited for whatever she
 wanted,  and she finally said,  "I think I'll use the bathroom first."  She
 walked  over  to  the toilet,  pulled down her panties,  and held her skirt
 around her as she sat down. I watched her, because I'd never seen a girl do
 it before. She pulled a piece of tissue,  and put in my hand.  "Pat me dry,
 Joanie." I reached down between her legs and patted her dry. She grabbed my
 hand,  "Drop  the  tissue." and when I had pulled my hand against her cunt.
 She moved it back and forth against her,  and  asked  me,  "How  does  that
 feel?" "That feels good," I whispered to her.  She abruptly stood up,  with
 my hand now trapped between her legs.  "Soon you'll have  your  fingers  in
 me,"  she  whispered,  "and I'll come on them." She abruptly pushed my hand
 away, and told me,  "Go to the potty now,  and I'll watch you!" I sat down,
 but my dick was hard again.  She looked at it and laughed,  "Why, you'd pee
 in your face like that!  Make it go  down,  Joanie."  I  looked  away,  and
 concentrated,  but  that only made it harder.  "Then I'll make it go down!"
 She grabbed it and  bent  it  down  until  it  was  pointed  in  the  right
 direction.  It  hurt  when she did that,  but it felt good to feel her cool
 hands on me. "NOW go to the potty." I tried,  but it wouldn't come out.  "I
 said go to the potty!" "I'm trying, it won't come out like that. And I have
 to  go bad!" "Then FORCE it out,  Joanie,  I can't wait all day." I pushed,
 and finally a little tinkled out. There was more,  and I kept pushing until
 it  was  all out,  which took a long time.  "It hurts when you hold it like
 that Collete" I whispered to her. "Good. Then I'll do it again. You want me
 to,  don't you?" "Yes," I whispered.  Collete took a piece of  tissue,  and
 wiped it around the end, squeezing hard. "Get up, Joanie!"

 I stood up,  and flushed the toilet.  Collete looked at my face critically,
 and said, "You need to freshen up you face. Go ahead,  and I'll watch." She
 watched,  and told me what to put on,  and how to do it when I wasn't sure.
 When I was done to her satisfaction,  she nodded,  and we went back to  the
 bedroom.

 Lisa was waiting for us there,  lying on my bed and kicking her feet in the
 air with a crossed leg. She had unbuttoned her blouse,  and I could see she
 wasn't wearing any panties. There was a plate of small sandwiches and fruit
 on  the  floor.  "You  took long enough," she groused.  "Joanie put on some
 fresh make-up," was all Collete had to say. "Why don't you get off the bed,
 and we'll let Joanie lay down since she doesn't feel good?".

 Lisa stood up,  and I sat on the edge of the bed.  "No," Collete  said,  "I
 think it's better if you lie down." So I laid down, and then Collete picked
 up  the  old  nylons  and  took my hand and started tying it to the bedpost
 again. Lisa looked at her,  and said mildly,  "That's going to make it hard
 for her to eat." Collete replied,  "Oh,  I thought we'd feed her, OK?" Lisa
 nodded.  When my arms were tied down,  Collete sat  down  beside  me.  Lisa
 shrugged  and  moved to the other side and sat down.  Collete picked up the
 plate, put it on my stomach, and picked up one of the sandwiches.  She held
 it to my mouth,  and said,  "Eat,  baby,  eat the food." Lisa laughed at my
 expression,  but I ate the sandwich bite by bite.  Lisa just  watched,  and
 then laid down in a more comfortable position beside me. She slowly stroked
 her hand up and down along my belly and legs. Collete continued feeding me,
 a little bit at a time, until most of the plate was gone. She put the plate
 back on the floor, under the bed.

 Collete just sat there for a few minutes looking at me and her sister. Then
 she  stood and shrugged herself out of her dress.  She stood there,  in her
 bra and panties,  poised for my benefit.  Then she removed her bra,  so her
 breasts stood free. She ran her hands up along her legs, along her side, up
 under her breasts.  She cupped them,  and then lightly ran her fingers over
 the nipples.  She slipped her hands under her panties,  and rubbed back and
 forth a few times.  She stood there another minute,  still with her hand in
 her panties, and then quickly removed her panties so she was naked. She sat
 down beside me again,  and then laid next to me and wrapped her arms around
 me so that Collete and Lisa and I were all intertwined. I only have a small
 bed, so it was a tight fit, but I wasn't going to complain.

 Lisa had lain there the whole time,  watching her sister,  and still softly
 running her hands on me.  Now she stopped for a  second,  and  removed  her
 clothes. More quickly than her sister she was naked. She stood there for me
 to  admire.  Collete  watched  her,  too,  and then she started stroking me
 softly,  everywhere but on my dick.  Collete and I watched Lisa,  and  Lisa
 watched us, and then Lisa lay back down again and stroked me.

 It was very relaxing,  and the strokes grew more and more slow. Despite the
 feel of the girls against me I eventually drifted off the sleep.

      Maryanne
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      It was quiet in the bedroom.  Almost too quiet.  I restrained  myself,
      however,  and  waited  until mid-afternoon before I knocked lightly on
      the door. There was no answer, so I opened it and peeked in. The three
      of them were sound asleep on the bed. I walked in and stood over them.

      The girls had tied Joanie's arms to the posts again.  They  were  both
      naked,  and pressed against Joanie's sides. Collete had thrown her leg
      over Joanie's thigh, so that her pussy was pressed against it. One arm
      was under her, and the other was across Joanie's chest. Lisa was lying
      on one arm too,  but so that it was a pillow for her head.  Her  other
      arm trailed down Joanie's chest,  and her hand rested on the inside of
      Joanie's thigh so that it was next to  her  prick.  Joanie  was  still
      half-hard.

      They  all  had  peaceful expressions on their faces.  They were all so
      lovely. Joanie had on fresh make-up, and the girls were lovely as only
      a young woman freshly past pubescence could be.

      My own hand reached for my panties,  and gently rubbed  inside.  Then,
      sighing,  I left the room.  I returned in a minute with a light summer
      blanket and spread it over their legs.  Collete stirred slightly until
      she  was  more comfortably close to Joanie and then recovered peaceful
      repose.

      I quietly left the room.



      Linda
      -----------------------------------------------------------
      I couldn't wait until 6 o'clock.  I knew Maryanne wouldn't mind  if  I
      showed up early,  so I called up hubby to let him know the girls and I
      were going to stay there. "What's the occasion?" he asked.  I told him
      that Maryanne's husband was out of town, and that her niece Joanie was
      visiting  for  awhile,  and we were all going to have a girl's slumber
      party.  Hubby was a bit disappointed at fending for himself,  but he's
      been  around me and two growing girls long enough to know when to stay
      out of things.  "Why don't you  go  out  tonight?  Find  one  of  your
      bachelor  friends  or something?" I suggested.  "Well,  I haven't done
      that in awhile.  Could be fun,  have  pizza  and  a  few  drinks."  he
      reflected. "Just don't have too much fun," I laughed, "remember you're
      married!" I smiled at my deception; none of it was a lie! Of course, I
      was married too,  and I wouldn't forget that, but that wasn't going to
      stop me!

      Maryanne was a little surprised to see me early,  but not upset or put
      out or anything. She was wearing a light summer house dress, that only
      came  down  to mid-thigh.  I told her that she looked delicious in it,
      and probably wore it to give the mailman a thrill.  She grinned at the
      joke.

      The house was silent, so, "Where's the girls?" "Oh, they're all asleep
      right  now.  I think they were going to let Joanie rest up because she
      was so tired,  and they just  fell  asleep  beside  her!  They're  all
      absolutely  lovely  like that;  you must see them!" We peeked into the
      bedroom, and she was right. It was a beautiful scene,  and should have
      been  painted  by  one of the old masters.  Of course,  the tied hands
      might have given him fits!

      "They look so peaceful. Maybe we should take a nap,  too,  and when we
      all  wake  up  we  can go out to dinner,  or maybe order in?" Maryanne
      thought, "Well, that does sound like a good idea. I didn't really wake
      up refreshed this morning." She turned to me suddenly and  hugged  me,
      and kissed me on the cheek, and said, "And thank you for this morning.
      You  set  everything  right  again." I hugged her back,  and told her,
      "You're my friend,  and I love you." We smiled at each other and broke
      apart.

      We went to Maryanne's bedroom. She took off her dress, and of course I
      noticed right away she didn't have anything else on.  To be polite,  I
      removed my bra after I took my dress off.

      It always feels strange to sleep in a bed when it's not your  own.  It
      felt even more strange when I thought that Maryanne and her hubby made
      love in this bed. I wondered if these were the same sheets they'd last
      made love in.

      Of  course,  that  brought  up the question about what really happened
      last night. I turned over to face Maryanne,  and wrapped my arm across
      her  stomach.  The  way we were lying gave me an excellent view of her
      sexy body, and caused my breasts to press against her arm. I could see
      her nipples tighten slightly in response.

      "So,  you promised to tell me what happened last night.  I'm dying  to
      know what made it the world's greatest experience!"

      "Well,"  she  was thoughtful,  "it wasn't that anything 'different' or
      'special' really happened on the physical end,  although  the  results
      were spectacular. I think it was because I'd never been so aroused." I
      could  see the effect the memory alone was having on her;  her nipples
      tightened some more and her belly suddenly went taut.

      "Well,  tell me the physical part,  then,  that  might  be  an  easier
      starting place."

      Maryanne  told  me about holding Joanie to her breast,  and how Joanie
      kissed her and teased her nipples with her tongue.  And then  how  she
      held  Joanie's hand against her cunt (I looked down as she was telling
      me this next part,  and it was obvious that she  was  getting  excited
      again.  Her legs parted and her hips moved ever so slightly upward, as
      if a cock was about to enter her) and then how Joanie's  fingers  went
      inside her and how she felt like she was having a continuous orgasm as
      good  as  she'd  ever  had  only  longer and longer,  and then how she
      realized that it was going to be even better (and by this time  I  had
      watched her hand slowly move so that she was cupping herself.  I think
      she was so caught up in the memory she didn't even  realize  what  she
      was doing! I was fascinated.) And, of course, how she finally realized
      she  wanted  to  give her cunt to Joanie's mouth,  and how she lowered
      herself to Joanie's face and pushed and rubbed (by this time her knees
      were in the air. I had leaned up and moved out of the way and Maryanne
      never noticed!  I could see her cunt  and  it  was  indeed  glistening
      again.)  and  then how she literally exploded into a million fragments
      on Joanie's face,  and then!  she woke up from her memory and realized
      what she was doing!

      In  a sense,  it was a perfect comedy set-up.  If Laurel and Hardy had
      ever been able to show something like this they surely would have done
      so! By that time, though, all that I could think of was how lovely and
      luscious Maryanne looked.

      She looked quickly into my face,  and then away.  I could see it start
      to flame.  To reassure her,  I bent over and kissed her cheek, and put
      my hand over hers over her cunt, and whispered in her ear,  "You're so
      beautiful and sexy.  Now I know why everyone loves you!" She was still
      embarrassed, and only half turned her face to mine.  I couldn't resist
      any longer; I pushed Maryanne's hand harder against her cunt, and then
      felt her fingers slide in. I heard her gasp, and she turned and kissed
      me  on  the mouth,  and I pushed my tongue between her lips and then I
      moved my fingers alongside her's until we were both inside her and  we
      rocked  her  and very quickly she was shuddering and came.  She opened
      her eyes and looked at me with wonder and a bit of questioning  and  a
      little  love,  and  I  reassured  her with my smile,  because then she
      smiled with contentment and closed her eyes, and I laid my head on her
      shoulder, and we were soon fast asleep.


      Lisa
      ------------------------------------------------------------
      I woke slowly as the early evening shadows started entering the  room.
      I  slowly disentangled myself from Joanie and my sister,  so as not to
      disturb them.  I half-sat there for a few minutes.  I had never really
      seen  either  of  them  like  that before: they were both peaceful and
      entwined together as if we all belonged.  If this was  part  of  being
      with someone was about, then I didn't want to ever be alone again.

      My stomach rumbled,  which must have been what woke me up. I carefully
      moved off the bed, and quietly out the door.  I was passing Maryanne's
      bedroom on the way to the kitchen, and I took a quick peek in. She was
      there, asleep, and so was my mom! And Maryanne's legs were still open,
      and her's and Mom's hands were there together, and Mom had her head on
      Maryanne's shoulder.

      Even  asleep,  Maryanne  was  beautiful.  I'd  always been aware of it
      before, but now it struck me really hard; even my mom was attracted to
      her! I was struck with deep feelings of uncertainty and pity and envy.
      I would never look like Maryanne or  my  mom.  I  would  never  be  as
      attractive as they were. How could I ever attract a man of my own? And
      now they were here with Collete and Joanie and I.  And Joanie had told
      us how special the night before had been, and the way she described it
      left little doubt in my mind that she'd ever think the same  thing  of
      me.

      I  walked into the room,  to stare at this woman who was more than I'd
      ever be, and might take everything I had away from me.  I stood at the
      foot of the bed, and then moved up alongside her and down at her.

      She must have sensed my presence, because she half-opened her eyes and
      then  smiled  at me.  "Is it time to get up,  honey?" I didn't answer,
      because now I was angry at this woman.  She opened her eyes because  I
      hadn't answered,  and then,  careful not to disturb my mother, reached
      out her hand to me, "What's wrong?  Are you all right?" I whispered my
      anger to her, "You're too beautiful..."

      She was fully awake now, and she had a concerned look on her face. She
      carefully  slid our from under mother,  but I couldn't bear looking at
      her anymore and ran out and ran to the living room and sat down.

      Maryanne quickly followed me, and sat down beside me.  She put her arm
      around me.  I tried to shrug it off, but she only held tighter so that
      I had to lean against her.  "Tell me," she said  gently.  "You're  too
      beautiful," I started angrily,  but then I felt so sorry that I wasn't
      beautiful myself that I broke into tears and huddled  tighter  against
      her.

      She  held  me for a few seconds,  slowly rubbing my back.  It was very
      comforting,  and confused me because a few seconds ago  I  hated  this
      woman like I'd never hated anyone before.

      "Joanie loves you,  you know." I was surprised at this, it wasn't what
      I was expecting. She lifted my face so that I had to look at her.  She
      continued,  "And that's never going to go away as long as you want her
      to. And Johnny loves you very much,  for the same reasons.  And Joanie
      and Johnny love Collete, too. And I or your mother can never take that
      away from you or your sister. Joanie loves us, too, but in a different
      way.  And  I  love  Joanie and my son Johnny.  And someday you'll love
      other people, too,  and it will also be something that no one else can
      ever take from you."

      I  guess  I  was  a little amazed,  that she seemed to know what I was
      thinking and, "How did you know?".

      She laughed,  gently,  and replied,  "Every woman has these  feelings.
      Especially  when we're still young women.  You think that I'm a pretty
      woman,  but I still sometimes wonder and have the  same  doubts.  Your
      mother is a pretty woman, and she sometimes has the same doubts. And,"
      she  moved  her  hand  and softly held it against me cheek,  "you're a
      pretty woman, who will grow into a beautiful woman,  too.  And you may
      think  I  can  take  someone away from you because I have so much more
      experience; well, experience has taught me not to do such things.  And
      someday you'll have my experience, and much more, too, and you'll know
      that experience is not a substitute for real caring and affection, and
      love."

      I  started  crying  again,  but  this  time  with  happiness  and also
      affection for Maryanne. I hugged her to me this time, and my tears ran
      off my face onto her shoulder.

      She held me a few minutes until I was quiet again,  and then  held  me
      away  so she could see my face.  She gently wiped the tears away,  and
      then said,  "Better?" I nodded.  "Ready to face the world?"  I  nodded
      again.  "Are you hungry?" I laughed and, "Yes, I am!" She laughed with
      me, and "Then let's raid the kitchen for a quick snack! Sex and crying
      always require some recharging!"

      So there I was standing totally naked in a strange  kitchen,  chatting
      away with another naked woman,  making little snacks, and feeling like
      I was having the time of my life!

--            ----------- End of Part A -----------
