                           At the YMCA
            (mb: man-boy; minor; essentially consensual)

                          by Wallad

During the March school break our class organised a week visit to the
city.  The boys were staying at the Y and the girls in some cheap hotel. 
We really enjoyed the Y facilities; the great fun was that the pool
regulations required that we do not use any bathing suits.  That was
embarrassing at first, but we quickly got used to it and playing in the
pool in our birthday suits developed a nice relaxed friendship between us. 

There were some men also in the Y.  At first we ignored them and then we
realised that they did not ignore us.  We started to show off and we
enjoyed the fact that they were watching.  Most of us were 12 years old,
just at the beginning of puberty.  I was a bit taller than my friends,
but, to my despair, I had no trace of pubic hair.  I easily had an
erection, and since it was a full 4 inch long; it was hard to hide.  Once
in the showers a man was really gazing at me, and to my immense
embarrassment, I started having an erection.  Everyone noticed it and made
fun of me, so I had to rush to my towel.  We frequently teased each other
this way; so I thought that the incident would be of no consequence. 


I was wrong!


I met the same man several times:  In the cafeteria, he was having lunch
at the same time as we did; he watched TV at the same time; twice in the
corridors we met - I knew that those were not just coincidences.  The
others did not notice, but I knew that he was always looking at me.  Once
I dared to look back thinking that I would discourage him.  But I noticed
a very sad expression; his eyes did not turn away; we stared at each
other.  My anger vanished; I was fascinated by his eyes; they were
speaking to me; I was the first to look away.  The memory of his eyes
stayed with me.  He reminded me a bit of the way my puppy looked et me;
sort of saying "if only I could speak". 

I did not sleep much that night.  I had nightmares of someone calling me
in despair.  His eyes were everywhere.  I was perspiring heavily.  I
finally slept a few hours and I was awaken by our councillor.  It was
quite late and everyone was waiting for me.  He noticed that I had a bad
night and the program for the day called for several hours of hiking.  I
just wanted to sleep; I asked him if I could stay in and he accepted. 

I managed to sleep a few hours in the morning.  When I got up, I noticed
that the Y was practically empty.  I went around a bit.  I was not used to
being alone and I quickly got bored.  I thought that a shower would wake
me up.  I had the whole shower room for myself; I took a long shower,
whistling, relaxed.  I enjoyed my freedom; I had finally forgotten the
man. 

The shower room was also a washroom; occasionally someone would come in,
go the washroom, and then leave.  Until I noticed that someone had come in
but I had not heard him leave.  So I turned around, and here was my man;
staring at me more intensely than ever.  He was just standing there not
even trying to appear as if he was doing something else.  I blushed;
turned my back to him, and again this damn erection came back.  A full
erection, pointing upward.  I wished he had not noticed; but I knew that
he knew. 

I could not do a thing.  I waited, hoping that he would leave, that my
erection would go away.  I was scared; I could not really turn around, but
I knew that he was there, staring as usual.  I felt his eyes on my bums as
if they were hands.  I was very excited; I thought I would have an orgasm
without even touching myself.  I waited a long time; forever it seemed. 
It was ridiculous; what was I afraid of?  This man was a pussy-cat; I
could not stay like that for ever; I gathered-up my courage turned around
and walked towards my towel that was hung on the wall just behind him; my
full erection ahead of me, as if it was the most natural thing on earth. 

As I went passed him, he took my penis in his hand.  He just held it
there.  I think he was as afraid as I was.  I completely froze.  I could
not move.  I could not say a word.  I felt hypnotised.  I just looked at
his hand; I did not try to move away.  It was not me.  I was back in my
nightmare.  That was all unreal.  I was going to wake-up. 

Then his hand started to stroke my penis up and down slowly.  I never
thought that it could feel so much better when someone else did it.  His
other hand started caressing my bums, squeezing them.  I was shivering and
feeling burning hot at the same time.  He sensed that, took my towel and
started to dry me up; lovingly.  No one had dried me up since my mother
used to do it; it was the same loving hands; I was a small child again;
back in the unreal. 

Then somehow I snapped in and I tried to walk away.  He did not let me go. 
He lifted me in his arm carrying me as if I was a baby.  I noticed that he
was very strong, at least twice my weight.  I was back to being a child in
the arms of my mother; I did not try to free myself; it was good to be in
his arms.  He pushed the door of the shower room with his foot and took me
in the corridor in his arms.  Naked as I was, it was crazy; thank god we
did not meet any one. 

When we got to his room, he squeezed me hard in his arms and blocked me
against the door as he put a hand in his pocket to get his key.  The
squeezing was a bit painful, but pain did not matter; anticipation was
making me dizzy.  He managed to open his door without letting me down; he
got in; closed the door with his foot; went towards the bed; pull the
sheets over and deposited me with great tenderness as if I was a delicate
treasure. 

Strangely my erection was gone.  It was not that I was scared; it was just
unreal; I felt that I belonged in this bed; it was not sexual any more.  I
was his baby.  He moved away, and just kept on staring at me.  His eyes
told me that my body was an exquisite beauty.  I knew I was beautiful; I
had often looked at myself naked in front of a mirror, but it was nice to
see it in his eyes.  He had said nothing; I had said nothing.  Why talk? 
Talking could not express the confusion in my mind or the intensity of his
obsession. 

He took his cloth off.  He had a huge erection - Twice my size.  I don't
think I had ever seen a penis that big.  I did not know it could be that
heavy; it was pointing almost downward.  It was ugly and gross.  My penis
was so light, so fresh compared to this mass of dark colour and messy
hair.  It was ridiculous.  I was the one staring; I knew I was attracted
as by a magnet and my full erection came back.  I think that at this
moment I realised that I was going to be gay - all my life. 

He came towards me.  He sat next to me on the bed and gently stroked my
hair, still a bit wet.  He thought I was cold and he actually covered me
with the blanket.  He did not need to stare at me any more, I was in his
brain.  He tucked me in; I closed my eyes; he kissed them. 

The back of his hand caressed my cheek.  He kissed me between the eyes; he
went down along my nose; kissed lightly my closed lips and then furiously
buried his head in my neck, kissing, eating.  I almost thought he was
sobbing.  His arms around my head, he kept me locked in, squeezing hard. 

He stayed like that a long time and I was startled when his hands started
to move under the blanket.  He massaged my arms, spent some time in my
armpits; kissed them; moved to my breasts; kissed my nipples; his hands
moved downward.  He caressed my belly, teasing me by barely touching my
erect penis. 

Then he pulled the cover exposing my shivering body.  He seemed to admire
the sight of my penis pressing hard on my belly.  His fingers ran all
around it without touching it.  He wanted me to be hungry. 

Then he moved in to lie down on top of me.  His huge balls landed softly
on my small testicles.  Something passed between them; they became one
entangled mass.  His penis came along mine, but his reached beyond my
belly button.  His breast fell heavily on my chest.  His mouth was all
over me kissing, licking, biting. 

He ate my ear lobs, my chin, my nose; every part of my face had been in
his mouth.  His tongue forced my lips open and he invaded me. 

Down there, his balls were moving constantly, slipping between mines,
right, left, in between.  Our penises were intertwined; his legs engulfed
mine; we were making knots.  All parts of his body were working at the
same time; but they were in perfect harmony.  And my body was responding;
searching the most intimate grip; trying to pass as much current as
possible. 

I did not want him to stop.  Each time I was about to ejaculate, he felt
it, lifted up to let my balls and penis take a rest and as soon as the
urge was gone he was back in, rubbing me - all of me.  Slowly the frenzy
started, his mouth in my neck, his body was pressing against mine with all
his weight; I knew that this time there would be no stoping.  I was the
first to shoot my load; a glorious conquest I would never forget.  And
then he started to shoot and shoot; I was inundated in his semen. 


We laid there exhausted, wet and sticky.


Reality came back.  What was I doing there?  It was totally
insane.  My hunger was gone, the man next to me was a monster. 
His smell disturbed me.  He still had an arm across my chest.  I
just laid there, empty, hating him.  I think he knew I did not
want him any more.  He stood up, took a towel, dried me up, dried
himself.  He pulled the blanket over me, tucked me in and moved
away.  I was thankful for that.  I needed to be alone.  I was
tired.  I just wanted to sleep.  I did not want to think.

Later when I opened my eyes, he was sitting on a chair,
looking at me sleeping.  All the sadness of the world was in him. 
I was not angry at him any more.  He was not a monster.  We had
shared a great pleasure and I knew he could be a friend.  I
smiled and he smiled back.  It was our first non-sexual exchange. 
We both knew that we should not speak.


He sat next to me.  His hand invaded me under the blanket and
caressed my balls.  It felt good, this man knew my body more than
anyone; he had a sense for the perfect timing, the perfect
pleasure.  My erection came back at full strength.  His mouth had
joined his hand; he was licking my penis.  His hand on my balls
became more insistent and with a with a big suction he pulled my
whole erection in his mouth.  I gasped.  I have been sucked
thousands of time since then, but no one ever managed to give me
the same sensation.  The hunger, the apprehension, the surprise
and the shift from gentle licking to a wild suction; I thought I
was going to shoot another load right away.  But he sensed it,
pulled out and squeezed the base of my penis, killing the orgasm
just before it started.  This guy was an expert; he was
manipulating each of my sensations with precision.

He repeated it several times; I thought my orgasm was
unavoidable each time.  But he always stopped it.  My urge to
shoot was becoming a panic.  Would he ever let me?  His sucking
was in fact quieting down.  His hand would still massage my balls
and his mouth was becoming very gentle.  And then finally,
finally, he switched again to a fast tempo sucked me as a furry;
I thought that my penis was coming off and I started a very long
orgasm.  The accumulation of several aborted orgasms came out; I
shot again and again in his mouth; he was avidly swallowing every
drop.

He laid there exhausted.  This time I did not feel any
repulsion.  I was thankful that he had worked so hard to give me
pleasure.  I still had an erection and he was still staring at
it.  My semen in him was a bond.  I knew I loved that man.


He laid behind me turning me to my side.  He had one arm under
my head and the other was holding me tight; his lips, his whole
face was lost in my hair.  The rest of his body was glued to my
back.  I could feel his testicles rubbing my bums; his stiff
penis between my bums and protruding up into my back; his legs
were all around me; I was completely in him; I was him.  I was
back to being a baby in my mother's arms; my body relaxed; my
erection disappeared; my mind started to drift and I fell asleep.

I woke up to a cool sensation at my ass hole.  He had me
laying on my stomach.  He was on top of me upside down.  His face
inside my bums, his knees around my head, his hands were holding
my ass cheeks apart while his tongue kept on licking, his lips
eating.  It felt fresh.  I was wandering whether I was really
clean down there.  Well, with all this licking, I must be cleaner
than ever now.

His testicles were pressing on my hair; his penis in my neck
felt good; they were keeping me company as his face was hard at
work; giving me new sensations.  My penis was back in full
erection, of course.

He started to slide down; his lips eating my thighs; his penis
rubbing my back.  His face got to my feet as his penis was in the
crack of my bums; his testicles gave me caresses at the top of
the bums while his face was buried in my feet kissing them.  He
sucked each toe - each his own way, his own angle.  His testicles
and penis were massaging my bums.  As crazy a position as it was,
it felt very natural; each part of our bodies were meant to be
linked this way; it all fitted perfectly.

After making love to my feet, he would slide back up and eat
my ass a bit more, then he would return to my feet.  Each time he
came back to my ass, it was a bit wilder, he was almost biting
into it.  He pushed his tongue against my tightly closed hole.  I
took a chance and relaxed a bit to let his tongue in.  Again it
seemed as his tongue was made for that.  It started to reach
areas that were unexplored.  Sensations totally new.  That is
when I learned that my body had an insatiable depth of pleasure. 
Every part of me was meant for pleasure, even my anus,
particularly my anus.

And then he got up, I felt a shiver, it was cold.  For the
last few hours he had been my blanket, a very active blanket.  I
felt rejected, abandoned.  I looked at him, his eyes had lost any
tenderness; now it was madness.  He looked at me angrily with no
reason; his eyes were saying "now it is my turn".  I was scared
and felt paralysed again.  He came back towards the bed, put me
on my side facing the wall, he bent my upper leg and pushed it up
as he was reaching for something in the night table that I could
not see.  After covering the middle finger of his right hand with
lubricant, his left hand pulled my upper bum while his 
lubricated finger pushed in.  The pain surprised me.  I reacted
scared.  He pushed my leg up a bit more and held me tight.  No
more caresses, now it was his business, his pleasure.

He did not move and waited with his finger barely one inch in. 
I knew what was going to follow and I was terrified.  There was
no way that this huge penis of his could fit in me without
tearing me apart.  With one finger still in, he laid down next to
me and started back his caresses, his kisses on my neck.  The
pain diminished my muscles relaxed.  He pushed his finger all the
way in - mixture of pain and pleasure.  I knew I should relax and
it became mostly pleasure.  His finger was exploring and that
felt good.  He was turning, moving sideways.  I knew he was
trying to enlarge me and I cooperated moving my leg up.  He
withdrew his finger and went back in with two fingers.  A bit
more pain; I was wide open; I knew I was ready for coupling.

And he knew that too.  He slid a condom on his enormous penis. 
As he put a hand on my mouth; I started to panic; I could barely
breath.  As I was trying to fight his hand off, I almost forgot
that the centre of his attention was my ass.  The tip of his
penis was pushing against my ass hole.

Now I knew that I should really panic.  I tightened my ass
muscles; there was no way I would let him in.  But with a big
shove he pushed in.  I screamed; it was an incredible pain; more
pain than was imaginable; that was too much; he was cutting me
up.

In fact he had barely got the head of his penis in.  He
stopped moving.  Just putting enough pressure to resist my wild
attempts at pushing him off.  After a while I stopped pushing and
I tried to relax again; it was unavoidable so I better cooperate. 
As I was quieting down, he gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek as
to apologize.  He kept on kissing my hair and his hand was
caressing my face.

He started pumping his penis ever so slowly.  But as I started
to accept the pain, he put his hand on my mouth a second time and
made a big shove, reviving the pain all over my body.  That was
pure sadism on his part.  It was not necessary, he could have
gone in gently.  But he wanted to feel my fear; he wanted to keep
my anxiety tuned in.  He stopped moving when he was all the way
in; I could even feel his balls.

After a while he started his pumping motion again, quietly at
first but with an increasing tempo.  I discovered that deep
inside me there was pleasure.  I discovered that with the pain
there was pleasure; pleasure of being used; pleasure of giving so
much ecstasy to a man that was now part of me.

I was back in full erection and I knew that I could shoot
again anytime.  One would think that his penis sensed that. 
After every pumping exercise, as I was getting to orgasm, he
would stop and wait.  Only to start again, slowly, raising the
speed, getting to a wild frenzy, he was pushing my body up the
bed, slamming his balls against me.  He was forcing me to follow
his rhythm - relax when he wanted to relax, get to climax when he
was getting there.

That lasted a long time, the stretch of my ass was not
bearable, but I did not really try to push him out any more. 
Finally, in a wild fast phase I knew he could not stop; he went
all the way, shooting inside me - and I shot too.  We kept on
jerking together, completely synchronised as if we were a single
body.  We were both consumed.

He lost his erection right away, while mine was still up.  He
pulled out, giving me one last sharp pain.  He removed his condom
and threw it away.  He laid behind me as before; held me tight;
and fell asleep.  I could not sleep any more.  I could feel the
cool wet sheet under me, from my own semen, but I did not mind. 
I still had some pain down there, but I did not mind.  I knew
that now I had part of him in me; for ever.  


I was not a child any more; I had entered adulthood by the big
door.  All fear was gone.  As he slept, I thought I was guarding
him.  Now he was mine as much as I was his.
