
                            YOUNG CHERRY CHEERLEADER
                                   CHAPTER 7

      Jenny and Susie went back into the bathroom and peeled their cum-stained
uniforms off, tossing them to the floor.  They washed themselves off, then
changed into their next set of cheerleading uniforms for the waiting men.

      After putting on the little outfits, they checked their hair and makeup
before going back out for their next fuck-and-suck session.

      "Are you okay?" Susie asked her young sister.

      "Yeah, I think this is fun!" replied little Jenny.  "We're gonna make a
lot of money tonight, too."

      Susie smiled.

      "You didn't mind getting fucked in the ass?" Susie asked.

      "No, it wasn't too bad," Jenny answered.

      "Well, then, let's show  em some more," Susie said, picking up her pom
pons and opening the door.

      The two cheerleaders stepped back into the living room in front of the
leering older men.

      "Let's see some sexy cheer routines!" shouted one of the men.

      "Yeah!" the other men joined in.

      "Who first?" Susie asked.

      "You, sweetheart," Mr. Walker said, smiling and winking at the senior
cheerleader.

      Susie took her pom pons and stepped to the middle of the room, holding
them at her sides.

      Her uniform was darling.  She was wearing a red crew-neck sweater with a
wide white band around the body and sleeves.  The red letters "SJHS" were large
and filled the white band area.  Two more thin white bands ran across the
sweater, one above and one below the large band.

      Susie's cheerleading skirt was red, with eight inverted white pleats.  It
hugged her shapely ass very nicely, the pleats spreading out slightly as she
turned slowly for the men's enjoyment.

      She was wearing red knee socks, which had three white stripes, just like
her sweater - one wide stripe with a thin white stripe on either side.  Her
white tennies completed her outfit, with the red-and-white pom pons. Susie
started a sexy version of several of her cheers.

      "Push  em back!  Push  em back!  Way back!" she cheered, facing away from
the men and bending over as she jumped.

      Her pom-poms swished loudly and her little skirt flipped up to display
her glove-tight red cheerleading panties, with a sweet slice of ass cheek
peeking from each elastic legband.

      The men gasped in admiration, and Susie was inspired.  Jenny smiled as
she sat nearby, watching the men taking pictures and stroking their dicks.

      Susie's sweater bounced wildly with her large tits as she went into a
high-kick number, and the men cheered.

      "I've gotta fuck you!" screamed one man, whom Jenny had sucked off
earlier.

      Susie smiled.

      "Then come get me, big boy!" she coaxed.

      The man sprang from the couch and took Susie down to the floor
immediately. He grabbed her little skirt and tugged it up, then reached to her
crotch and took one of the legbands of her bright red cheer panties.

      He pulled the legband aside, fisted his prick to her twat, and pushed
himself in.

      Susie screamed a bit and bit her lip.  The man was fucking her in her
panties, and he was very rough.  But she found it exciting, even though it
hurt.

      Susie looked up at the man over her and wrapped her kneesocks around him.

      "Okay, mister.  If you're gonna be this nasty, you better fuck me good,"
she told him.

      The man slammed his cock into her even harder.  Her thighs shook and
slapped against his as he hammered the cheerleader.

      "Fuck her, mister," Jenny encouraged.

      The man looked down at Susie, who groaned, half in pain and half in
delight.

      "I'm fuckin' you good, now, aren't I?" he asked.

      "Yeah..." was all Susie could say.

      Susie's kneesock-encased legs locked hard around the man, her white
tennies criss-crossed.  He fucked the cheerleader with an almost-violent frenzy
for a full five minutes.

      "Okay, you little teenage whore, I'm gonna fuck your mouth now," he told
her.

      He pulled his dick out of her cunt, her elastic panty legband snapping
back in place.  He shimmied up to her neck, then grabbed both sides of her
head.  On his knees, he straddled the girl.

      "Open your mouth, you little cock-sucker," he told her.

      While Jenny watched in fascination, her sister opened her mouth and the
man pushed his throbbing prick into it.  Holding both sides of her head up, her
fucked her mouth almost as hard as he sawed her cunt, ramming his cock deep
into Susie's throat.

      Susie choked occassionally as the man raped her young mouth, his pubic
hair mashing against her nose with each powerful thrust.  She struggled for
breath, but still kept her lips sealed around him.

      "Okay, sweetheart, now I'm gonna cum right down your throat."

      "Ummhmm," she groaned, giving her approval.

      Several more fuck-strokes into the cheerleader's mouth was all he needed.
With a scream, he fired his cum down Susie's throat.

      Susie felt his hot cream gush down her throat.  She would have liked to
have tasted his cum, but his prick-tip was beyond her taste buds, shooting the
sticky fluid straight to her tummy.

      The man's cock bloated and squirted, over and over.  He pushed his cock
into her mouth hard, squirting more and more cum down her gullet, until it
finally stopped.

      The men cheered as he pulled his cock out of her mouth, having force-fed
his load to the teenager.

      Susie managed a smile, but she hoped the other men wouldn't be quite as
rough with her.

      "Okay, Jenny, what can you do for us?" asked Mr. Walker.

      Jenny didn't know how she could top what she had just seen, but she
stepped into the front of the room as Susie crawled to the side.

      The men all gawked at the young girl in her cute little cheerleading
uniform.  It was the same outfit she had done Mr. Walker in, a few weeks
earlier.

      A long-sleeved white blouse with a tight red snap-down vest hugged her
torso, the small white letters "SJHS" running down diagonally from the right
shoulder.

      Jenny's skirt was red-and-white plaid with knife pleats all the way
around. It was very lightweight fabric, and it was extremely short on her.  She
bent over just slightly, so the hem would pull up just a bit and give the men a
peek at her bright red cheer panties.

      This time, Jenny wore red knee socks with the uniform, and her
red-and-white saddle shoes.  She was a cutie, a charmer which no man could
resist, and she knew it.

      Jenny looked over her shoulder at the men staring at her barely-visible
red panties, and smiled sweetly with her little dimples. She bent over all the
way, very slowly, her legs together, gradually showing more and more of those
tight cheerleading panties.

      The men leered at the young girl's display.  Her little cunt, wrapped
tightly in red, bulged between her thighs.  Her little ass was so firm, so
tiny, it begged to have another cock.

      Mr. Walker started playing more music on the CD player, and Jenny started
a lewd, sensuous dance.  The men cheered her on as she squeezed her little tits
through the vest and reached under her flimsy plaid cheerleading skirt,
fingering her young twat through her panties.

      Camera flashes filled the room.  Jenny turned away from the men again,
reached up under her skirt, and slowly thumbed her panties down in a tight roll
across her thighs.  She bent over again as she pulled the panties down, her
sweet little cunt now visible to all the men, as the panties dropped to her
feet.

      One of the guys stepped up to Jenny from behind.  He flipped her little
skirt up over her waist, and Jenny spread her legs for balance.  She leaned
over, resting her palms on a coffee table, while the man pushed his cock-head
up against her sweet ass.

      "Do it, mister," she said.  "Put your cock in my ass."

      The man gladly obliged, punching the head into her asshole. Jenny groaned
as he started fucking her ass from behind.

      "Oooh, mister," she moaned.  "Do you like fucking little girls in the
ass?"

      "I sure do," he answered, spreading both of her tight ass cheeks with his
fingers as he worked his cock deeper into her.

      The man fucked and fucked sweet little Jenny's ass for what seemed like
an eternity.  Jenny was surprised he was lasting as long as he was, and she was
getting a bit tired, hunched over the table like that.

      Finally, when she was about to say something, he told her he was ready to
orgasm.

      "I'm gonna cum, Jenny!" he shouted.

      He pulled his cock out of her asshole and frigged himself off the last
two seconds.  Thick strings of cum splattered off one ass cheek, running down
her thigh and dribbling onto her knee sock.

      Jenny was a bit disappointed, thinking it was a waste of delicious cum,
but at the same time was a litle glad he hadn't put his cock in her mouth after
putting it up her ass.  She wasn't sure she was ready for something like that.

      She wiped her ass and leg clean with a towel, while a couple of men
laughed at the scene.

      Mr. Walker walked over to Susie, who had recovered from her last fuck,
and helped her off the floor.  He took her in his arms and kissed her
passionately, while he squeezed her ass cheek under her little red skirt.  The
white pleats pushed up high as he massaged her ass, his tongue probing deep
into her eager mouth.

      "I wanna fuck you, Susie," he told her.

      Susie smiled.  Mr. Walker dropped to the floor and lied down on his back,
and Susie dropped on top of him, pulling her cheerleading skirt out of the way.
She nestled his stiff prick against her hot pussy and punched it into her.

      Jenny had two guys feeling her up and down, but couldn't help but feel a
little sad that Mr. Walker was fucking Susie instead of her again.

      While Susie rode Mr. Walker gently, one of Jenny's guys pulled the young
girl down to the floor on top of him, also.  He pulled Jenny's skirt up over
her waist while Jenny skewered herself on his massive cock.

      The man grabbed Jenny's sides and pulled her down to him, kissing her
passionately while he fucked her sweet pussy.  Another man knelt down behind
the cheerleader and nestled his cock to her asshole.

      Jenny was surprised, and turned around to see the second man shove his
dick between her buns.  She groaned and bit her lip, but in seconds she was
enjoying this new sensation.  One prick up her pussy and another up her ass -
it felt so good to her.

      Jenny looked over to see her older sister still riding Mr. Walker, except
that now another guy had his cock in her mouth, as well.  Susie looked back at
Jenny, and the two girls smiled at each other.

      Sounds of pure pleasure filled the room as the two young cheerleaders
worked the four men like pros.  More camera flashes filled the room as the
other men enjoyed the scene.

      Susie sucked the one guy off first.  He shot off in her hungry mouth, and
Susie eagerly swallowed it, enjoying the man's salty-but-sweet taste.

      The guy fucking Jenny's ass was next.  He pulled out and quickly scurried
over to Susie.  Susie turned to look at him, just as he shot his load all over
the girl's face.  Susie laughed, still fucking Mr. Walker, as the man's cum
coated her face in squirt after squirt, dripping from her chin.

      The guy under Jenny was the next to go.

      "I'm gonna cum!" he hollered.

      Jenny popped off him quickly and clamped her lips around his rod, briskly
jerking him off with her hand.  She felt his cock pulsate in her mouth, just
before he geysered his thick load of jizz into the little cheerleader's hot,
sucking mouth.

      Jenny pulled it out of her mouth so he could squirt it on her tongue,
anxious to taste every bit of it.

      The man looked down to see his cum squirting into her young mouth,
groaning in ecstasy at the incredible sight.

      Jenny sucked him dry, then rolled off and watched Susie finish off Mr.
Walker.  The two of them had switched positions now, and Susie was flat on her
back, her knee socks and tennies high in the air, while Mr. Walker fucked down
hard into her.

      Susie's tits jiggled under the red-and-white sweater as he pumped her.
The white pleats of her red skirt were scrunched up on her tummy, and her shoe
laces swung in rhythm with his fuck-stroke.

      Suddenly, Mr. Walker groaned and pulled his dick out just in time.  From
between her legs, he shot great glops of jizz all over her sweater.  Susie
laughed as his cream splattered all over her sweater-covered tits.

      Jenny tossed Susie a towel, and her sister mopped up the sticky cream as
best she could.  No sooner had she finished wiping it up, when another guy
rolled her over on top of him.

      Susie reached down and stuffed the guy's cock into her, while another guy
knelt and fucked his schlong into her asshole.  Jenny laughed, watching what
had just been done to her.

      While Susie fucked the two men, the last guy stepped up to Jenny.

      "What would you like, mister?" Jenny asked.

      "I wanna eat your pussy, Jenny," he answered.

      Jenny smiled and spread her legs for the man, who buried his head under
her little plaid pleated skirt.  Jenny sighed in pure delight, feeling the
man's tongue on her clit.  She closed her eyes and softly squeezed her tiny
tits through her red vest as the man sucked her into a frenzy.

      The man's tongue knew no mercy.  Jenny was soon gasping for breath.  She
had never been eaten like this before.  The young girl screamed as she came,
and the man kept up his relentless licking and sucking.

      "Oh my God..." Jenny whimpered.

      "Mister, you're gonna make me cum again..." she moaned.

      She felt her body shudder and tingle as she came a second time, and the
man finally pulled his head out from under her skirt, her love juice all over
his mouth and dripping from his chin.

      He crawled up to her and she kissed him eagerly.  Her love juices smeared
all over both of their faces, as the little cheerleader probed the man's mouth
with her wonderful tongue.

      "Fuck me, mister," she begged.

      He obeyed, gently sliding his cock into the tight twat of the young girl.
He fucked her slowly and gently, enjoying every moment.

      "Oh, mister," Jenny said softly.  "You feel so good in me..."

      Meanwhile, the other two men were fucking Susie to an orgasm of her own.
Susie screamed in delight, drawing little Jenny's attention.

      The two men plotted their orgasms.

      "Where do we wanna cum?" asked one.

      "Let's do it in her mouth at the same time," answered the other.

      The two men rolled Susie onto her back and squatted on either side of her
face, whacking their pricks in a flurry.  The senior cheerleader, in her
uniform with her mouth open for their cum, was too much for them.

      "Gonna cum, now, are you ready?" asked one man.

      "Yeah!" the other groaned.

      Susie looked up at the two pricks pointed down at her face.  The two men
came almost simultaneously, their pricks unloading their juice all over Susie's
face.  Susie laughed as the men coated her face in sticky white, finally
stopping to squeeze the last of it into her mouth.

      Jenny looked at the man over her.

      "Where do you wanna cum?" she asked, sweetly.

      "Wherever you'd like me to, my little darling," he answered.

      Jenny smiled with those little dimples.

      "I want you to cum in my hand," she told him.

      The man pulled out of her, and Jenny took his cock with one hand.  While
everyone watched, she briskly frigged him with that hand while she put her
other hand out to catch his cream.

      He didn't last very long.  He grimaced, then gasped as he pumped his jizz
into her palm.  Squirt after squirt, it pooled in little Jenny's hand. Finally,
after she had milked the last of it from him, she released her grip on his
prick.

      Sitting there on the floor in her cute little cheerleading uniform, her
legs spread wide without her panties, she made sure that all the guys were
watching.

      The men watched in disbelief as young Jenny smiled with her cute dimples
with a hand full of cum.  Then she lowered her face to her hand and stuck out
her tongue to lap it up.

      Jenny scooped some of it up with her tongue.  Thick strands of gooey
man-cream hung from her tongue as she pulled it into her mouth and swallowed,
then licked more off her palm.

      The men cheered wildly as Jenny licked the last of it from her hand.
Jenny, still smiling, knew she was a little cheerleader slut, and she was
loving every minute of it.


                          ***** T H E    E N D ******
                                       of
                            YOUNG CHERRY CHEERLEADER

