
                            YOUNG CHERRY CHEERLEADER
                                   CHAPTER 3
  
      Jennie met her friend Angie Walker after school, and the two young
cheerleaders walked the short distance to Angie's home.

      Angie was a sophomore, a year older than Jennie, and somewhat more
sexually experienced, as well.  She was about 5'5", and every bit as attractive
as Jennie.

      Angie's brunette hair was thick and wavy, and hung to the middle of her
back.  Her smile was sweet and angelic, and her cheeks dimpled slightly.

      She had a well-curved body that featured a pair of firm "C"-sized
breasts. They filled her white blouse and bright red cheerleading vest,
bouncing as she walked down the street.

      Angie's ass was every man's dream, and sexily swished the pleats of her
short red-and-white plaid skirt back and forth.  Her white knee socks and white
tennies only enhanced the beautiful image.

      The two lovely cheerleaders arrived at Angie's home.  Mr. Walker had just
arrived from work and smiled at the two young ladies as he stepped out of the
car.

      "Hi, girls," he said, centering his eye contact on his daughter's younger
friend.

      Jennie could feel Mr. Walker's eyes rape her, travelling up and down her
lithe innocent figure.  Though she had seen him a few times before, now she had
the overwhelming feeling that her friend's dad was hot for her.

      "Hi, Mr. Walker..." she responded shyly, smiling and looking him straight
in the eyes.

      Mrs. Walker came out through the front door of their home.

      "Angie," she said, "could you run to the store with me for about thirty
minutes or so?  I need you to help me pick out a birthday gift."

      "But, Mom," Angie replied, "What about Jennie?  You just want me to leave
her here?"

      "I'll be okay," Jennie assured her friend.  "It's all right.  Go ahead."

      "All right, Jennie. But I'll be right back," Angie answered. The young
brunette handed her schoolbooks to her dad and walked to the car with her mom.

      As her friend pulled out of the driveway, Jennie realized that she was
all alone with Angie's dad.  She was curious about him. Would he really want to
fuck her?  The idea thrilled Jennie. Seducing her best friend's dad!  What
would Angie say if she fou out?

      "Would you like to come in, Jennie?" Mr. Walker asked, holding the door
for her.

      She walked into the house in front of him as his eyes locked on her cute
littl pleated cheerleader skirt which barely covered her bright red panties.

      Jennie walked into the living room.  She looked at the clock on the wall.

      "Thirty minutes..." she said softly.

      "Pardon me?" Mr. Walker asked.

      "They won't be home for about thirty minutes," Jennie stated
matter-of-factly.

      "That's right, Jennie."

      Jenny wanted him to fuck her.  Her adventure with the teacher earlier had
her so hot, she was dying for another guy's cock.

      Knowing that time was short, Jennie summoned all her courage.

      "Do you like me, Mr. Walker?" she asked.

      "Why, yes.  You're a fine young lady, Jennie," he answered.

      "No, I mean 'would you want me'?"

      She gulped, waiting for a reply.

      "For what?" he asked, hoping for the answer he wanted.

      "You know, Mr. Walker... Would you want to fuck me?"

      She smiled at him, because she already knew the answer.

      Mr. Walker began trembling.  She was tempting him unfairly, he knew, and
he also knew he could not resist the charms of this delightful young
cheerleader.

      He stepped up to him and boldly put a hand on his crotch. She rubbed him
there for a few seconds, and he did not pull away.

      "Yeah..." he admitted. He wrapped his arms around his daughter's young
friend and kissed her softly.  His heart pounded as he pulled his lips away and
reached under her flimsy little red-and-white plaid pleated cheerleader skirt,
cupping an ass cheek through her tight red panties with his hand.

      "We'd better hurry, then, sir," she reminded him.  We don't have much
time."

      Mr. Walker walked quickly to the door and bolted it shut, then led Jenny
by the hand to the family room.

      He lowered her to the carpet in front of the TV, shaking his head.  He
couldn't believe this was happening.

      "What's the matter, Mr. Walker?" Jenny asked, smiling.

      "I just can't believe this," he admitted.  "This is a dream I've had for
about a year now."

      "You mean you've dreamed about making love o me, Mr. Walker?"

      "Yes, Jenny..."

      Young Jenny lay there on the carpet before him, looking so perfect.  Her
long blonde hair splashed out on the carpet.  Her red cheerleading vest, so
tight over her white blouse, heaved in the air as her breathing grew heavier in
anticipation.

      Jenny's knees were high in the air, pulling the hem of her little
cheerleading skirt up high on her thighs.  Her thin legs looked delicious in
the white knee socks.

      Jenny spread her white tennies to the sides, then pulled her cute little
schoolgirl knees apart, showing him her panty-covered crotch.  She reached a
hand down there and started rubbing her clit through her cheerleading panties
while she watched Mr. Walker pull his pants off.

      Mr. Walker tossed his jeans aside and peeled his underwear off. His
now-swollen, thick, hard cock wobbled obscenely toward her.

      "Let me take your panties off, sweetheart," he said.

      Little Jenny raised her hips as he grabbed the waistband with both hands
and eagerly tugged the red panties off.  He slid them over her thin, golden
thighs and tossed them aside.

      Mr. Walker gaped at the sight of the young girl's snatch, already moist
from her rubbing.  It was practically hairless, swollen and pink, glistening
with her juices.

      "Do you want me to take anything else off?" Jenny asked.

      "No, darling," he answered.  "I love cheerleading uniforms, and I'd love
to fuck you in yours, if you don't mind."

      "Whatever you'd like, sir," she told him.

      Litle Jennie smiled as he kneeled before her.  She watched his head dip
under her little skirt, felt his tongue and warm, moist breath on her teen
cunny.

      "Oh, Mr. Walker," she purred.  "That feels so good..."

      Angie's dad lapped gently at her clit, rubbing it from side to side.  He
slipped a f  er into her moist twat, sliding it in and out as he tongued her.

      "Oh, God..." she murmured.  She could feel her tight, young body
convulse, her thighs shaking, as he drove her to ecstasy with his tongue.

      "OHHHH...YESSSS...OH GOD...."

      She screamed as she came.  Her body shook uncontrollably.

      Mr. Walker slowly stopped his licking.  When Jenny saw his head poke out
from under her cheerleader skirt, she could see her pussy juice dripping from
his chin.  He smiled.

      "Fuck me, Mr. Walker," she begged.  "I've got to have it now."

      He straddled her and fisted his big prick to her clit.  He rubbed the
cock-head in her juices, getting it nice and moist, then punched it into her
little cheerleader cunt.

      It was incredibly tight, he thought.  He pumped it in and out several
times until he was able to sink all eight inches into her. Soon, he was fucking
the young cheerleader good and hard, just like he had dreamed.

      Jenny, this is so good," he told her.  His balls slapped her tight little
ass as he punched her with quick, short strokes.

      "I'm glad you like it, sir," she answered.  "I like this, too!"

      Jenny pulled her knees up high and wrapped her white knee socks around
the man's back as he rode her.

      "Your pussy is so tight!" Mr. Walker complimented her.

      Jenny laughed.

      "You want to try another position?" he asked.

      "Sure," she answered.

      Mr. Walker pulled his dick out of her.

      "Get on your hands and knees," he ordered.

      Jenny giggled as she did so.  The little cheerleader looked great in her
little uniform as she arched her back, pushing her ass high.

      "You aren't gonna put it in my ass, are you?" she asked, worried.

      "No, sweetheart, maybe some other time.  I'm just gonna fuck you
dog-style."

      Jenny laughed again as Angie's dad flipped her little pleated skirt up
over her ass.

      Mr. Walker carefully nudged his cock into her pussy.  In the nearby
full-length mirror, he watched himself fuck the darling young blonde
cheerleader in her uniform.

      "Mmmm..." she groaned.  "I think we better hurry, though, sir. I don't
wanna get caught."

      "Yeah, you're right, Jenny. But I'm not gonna cum in your pussy and take
a chance of getting you pregnant."

      "It's okay, Mr. Walker, I'm on the pill...unless you'd like to do
something else instead."

      "Yeah, I would," he answered, still sweetly fucking the young
cheerleader.

      "I wanna fuck your mouth, Jenny?" he told her.

      "Are you gonna cum in it?" he asked.

      "Can I?"

      Jenny smiled.

      "Yes, Mr. Walker, you can cum in my mouth it you'd like."

      He pulled his dick out again and stood up.  Jennie turned around and
kneeled before him. She took his thick cock in one hand and wrapped her lips
around it.

      Jenny sucked him like a pro.  Her little teen cheeks dimpled as she
worked the man's prick in and out of her mouth.  She knew he couldn't last
long. Little Jenny gazed into his eyes, enjoying the look of pure delight
etched on his face

      "Oh, Jenny, I'm gonna cum!!" he yelled.

      Jenny pulled him most of the way out of her mouth and opened it. She
stuck out her tongue, placing the tip on the underside of his prick-head and
wiggling it around.  She held her mouth wide open, anticipating his cream.

      Jenny's hand pumped furiously on him.  She looked back and forth at his
face and at his prick-tip on the end of her tongue.

      Mr. Walker was enjoying the moment immensely.  The young cheerleader was
going to make him cum, and she was doing it like a pro. Suddenly, he came with
a loud groan.  Jenny felt his cock spasm in her hand.  A thick wad of jizz shot
down her tongue into her sweet mouth, followed by another and another.

      Jenny imagined that it had been stored up for weeks, because there was so
much of it.  She continued hand-jerking him, and he kept shooting his cum all
over her tongue and into her eager mouth.

      Mr. Walker watched the little cheerleader take his load.  It splashed
against her teeth, but she was careful to make sure that it all went into her
mouth.

      Finally, the flow of semen stopped.  Jenny swallowed the sticky white
fluid, then milked the last bit out of him.

      She press  her thumb against the underside of his cock, at the base, then
pus d it forward to the tip.  A few beads of jizz oozed from t  piss-slit, and
Jenny licked it clean.

      "You'd better get dressed, Mr. Walker," she reminded him.  "Your wife and
daughter will be here in just a few minutes."

      "Oh, Jenny, you're wonderful," he gasped.

      She laughed and bounced to her feet.  Reaching down, she grabbed her
bright red cheerleader panties and stepped into them, then pulled them up under
her little skirt, tugging them into place around her young, shapely ass.

      "Listen, Jenny," Mr. Walker added.  "I just got a camera and would like
to try it out.  Do you think I could get a few pictures of you in your uniform
one of these days?"

      "Sure," she agreed.

      "Some friends of mine would pay you a lot of money to take pictures of
you, too, and maybe perform for them."

      "Really?" She asked.  "What do you mean perform'?"

      Mr. Walker smiled.

      "Whatever you'd like it to mean, Jenny."

      Jenny smiled.  More than one man at a time?  She tingled at the idea.

      "We'll have to do this again, Jenny," he added.

      Jenny winked at Mr. Walker.

      "You can count on it, sir."

