
                            YOUNG CHERRY CHEERLEADER
                                   CHAPTER 6

   It was just before 7:00 PM that Saturday night when young Jenny arrived by
taxi at the Excalibur Hotel.  Packing three of her cheerleading uniforms and
pom pons in two duffle bags, she walked briskly to Room 120.

   Jenny knocked on the door.  A man, who Jenny guessed to be in his forties,
opened it and peeked outside.

   "Are you Jenny?" he asked.

   "Yeah," she smiled.

   The man returned the smile.

   "Come on in," he invited her.

   Jenny stepped in.  It was a large and luxurious suite, with a king-size bed.
Jenny quickly counted nine men, all sitting and apparently waiting for her.

   Mr. Walker jumped up.

   "Hi, Jenny!" he shouted, walking up to her and giving her a big hug.  Then
he turned to introduce her to the others.

   "Guys, this is Jenny," he said, simply.

   The men all smiled at the young girl in jeans and T-shirt.

   "Just wait till you see this little J.V. cheerleader," he joked with the
others.

   Jenny giggled.

   "Do you want me to change?" she asked.

   "Yeah, how many uniforms did you bring?" Mr. Walker asked.

   "Three of em," she answered.

   "The bathroom is right over there," he told her.  "But the other girl is
changing right now.  By the way, here's some cash for you."

   Mr. Walker pressed a wad of $100-dollar bills into her hand, and she quickly
put it into her purse.

   The bathroom door was closed, so Jenny sat down to wait.  The men were all
nodding approvingly at her.  She counted six cameras and smiled as she imagined
all the attention that she would be getting.

   After a minute or so, the bathroom door opened, and another girl in a
cheerleading uniform walked out.  Little Jenny's jaw dropped to the floor.

   It was her older sister, Susie.

   "Jenny?!" was all that Susie could say.

   "Susie?!"

   It was an incredibly awkward moment, then both quickly came to realize why
they were each there.

   Jenny stepped up to meet her sister.  She put her hand on Susie's arm and
smiled to let her know it was all right.

   "Let me change first," Jenny told Susie.  "Then we can have some fun with
these guys."

   Jenny took her bags into the bathroom and changed into one of her
cheerleading uniforms.  She slipped into an ever-so-short white skirt with
eight red inverted pleats.  Then she pulled on a simple red V-neck sweater with
white block letters "SJHS" across the front.  The sweater was a little small
for her, and pulled tightly across her firm, small tits.

   The young cheerleader pulled on a pair of white knee socks and laced up her
red-and-white saddle shoes.  Then she stepped into her white cheerleading
panties and tugged them up under her little skirt.  Somehow, she knew they
wouldn't stay on for very long.

   Jenny picked up her pom pons, then admired herself in the mirror.  She
fluffed her long blonde hair, turned sideways to check out the fit and noted
the shortness of the skirt.  The young girl tugged up the waistband just a bit,
so that her white cheer panties were almost visible under the hem.

   Little Jenny opened the door and stepped out.  She saw Susie sitting on the
edge of the bed, with several older men groping her through her uniform.  Jenny
smiled, watching her older sister charm the men.

   Susie looked great, too, Jenny thought.  Her cheer uniform looked a lot like
the USC Song Girls, with an all-white turtleneck sweater that was incredibly
tight on her.  Susie's large tits made the red "SJHS" letters on the front of
the sweater bulge out for instant attention.  Her skirt was white, lightweight
and flimsy for dance routines, with knife pleats all the way around and two red
stripes around the hem.  She was wearing all-white knee socks, too, and white
tennies.

   As Jenny watched, one guy with gray hair was rubbing her big tits through
her sweater.  Another guy was stroking her thighs and knee socks.  A third guy
had a hand down between her legs, rubbing Susie's cunny though her tight white
panties.

   "Okay guys, here are the rules," Mr. Walker announced.  It was clear that he
was in charge here.

   "First of all, nobody cums in their holes.  None of us wants sloppy seconds!
Second, everybody fucks the girls in their uniforms.  You can pull their
sweaters up if you want, but keep their clothes on.  Remember, the theme here
is a cheerleader fuck. After everybody gets off at least once, we'll order out
for pizza. Then the girls will change into another uniform and we'll fuck and
suck some more.

   Mr. Walker turned to the two cheerleading sisters.

   "How many uniforms did you bring?" he asked.

   "Three," they both answered.

   "And then, I guess, they'll change again and we'll fuck until check-out
tomorrow," he told the guys.

   "Anyway, nobody count on getting any sleep until after they get home!"

   The men all laughed, eagerly anticipating a chance to ravage these beautiful
young ladies for the next sixteen hours.

   "Right now," Mr. Walker added, "Let's watch the girls dance for us."

    Mr. Walker turned on a portable CD player while Susie and Jenny stepped to
the front of the room with their pom pons and started dancing for the men.

   The sisters smiled as they bumped and wiggled their asses for the room of
horny men.  The room flashed as the guys took pictures of the two young ladies
putting on their sexiest moves.  The pom pons shook and the skirts swirled,
Jenny's flashing red from the pleats and Susie's lightweight fabric flipping
about wildly.

   Susie shook her tits as she danced, those "SJHS" letters bouncing about as
her tight sweater flopped up and down.

   Jenny saw this, and realizing that her tits weren't going to get the same
attention, turned around and bent over.  Her little white skirt pulled up and
the eight red pleats fanned out, showing the crotch of her panties.  Her little
cunny mound, wrapped in white, puffed between her thin thighs.

   The men were gasping and shooting pictures as fast as they could, wanting to
capture the magical moment for posterity.  Jenny just smiled, knowing that
these guys would be beating themselves off to these pictures for years.

   The song came to an end, and Mr. Walker ordered the two girls to lay down on
the floor in front of them.  Jenny and Susie did so. As the men continued
taking pictures, Jenny spread her thin thighs, showing off her little panty
crotch.  Susie followed her little sister.  The girls let the men take more
pictures of them, then started rubbing their crotches.

   Jenny reached under the legband of her panties and poked a finger into her
tender snatch, watching the men.  A few of them had their zippers down by now,
pulling their cocks out and stroking them wildly.

   Jenny couldn't take it any more.  She reached down and thumbed her panties
off, wiggling them down her thighs and kicking them aside.  With her little
cheerleading skirt pulled up against her tummy, she showed the men her sweet,
young pussy.

   The men screamed for Susie to do the same, and she quickly did so.  The two
sisters, sitting on the floor with their cheerleading skirts pulled up, their
panties off, were a sight to behold.

   "Hey, girls," called Mr. Walker.  "Rub each other's clit for us!"

   Jenny and Susie looked at each other.  Jenny tentatively reached between
Susie's legs and lightly touched her sister's cunt.  Susie did the same to
Jenny, then pushed a finger into her little sister's pussy.

   As the men watched in wonder, the two cheerleader sisters, fully dressed in
their uniforms minus the panties, finger-fucked each other and massaged each
other's clit.

   Jenny felt wonderful as Susie fingered her.  She moaned in delight as her
big sister softly stroked her love-trigger. Susie was enjoying this, too, with
her little sister rubbing her clit with her index and middle finger.  Susie
bent toward Jenny and softly kissed her on the lips.

   Jenny returned Susie's kiss, then both sisters eagerly thrust their tongues
into each other's mouths, kissing passionately.

   This was a new experience for little Jenny, and wildly exciting. Susie's
fingers felt so good in her tight pussy, and she felt incredibly horny as she
kissed her older sister.

   The men were snapping pictures again of the two young cheerleader sisters.
Jenny and Susie were totally oblivious to them, lost in their ecstasy.

   Finally, two of the men could no longer take it.  They jumped off the bed
and each grabbed themselves a cheerleader.  One man had already taken his pants
off, and took Susie down to the floor.  The other pulled little Jenny to him
and pressed his lips against hers.

   "Yeah, fuck  em!" the other men cheered as they stripped down in
preparation.

   "Just remember!" interrupted Mr. Walker.  "Nobody cums in their pussies or
assholes!"

   Mr. Walker put a pile of towels on the table nearby.  It was sure to be a
messy evening.

   Jenny's man, who was in his forties with graying hair, had taken the J.V.
cheerleader down to the floor as well.  He flipped her little white skirt up
and pushed his mouth into her love hole, working her madly with his tongue.

   Jenny looked over to check on her sister.  Susie's guy had pulled her white
sweater up over her tits, unhooked her bra and was sucking one breast while
squeezing the other.  Susie's hand had a firm grip on his cock, pumping
furiously.

   Another man dropped to his knees before little Jenny.  She looked away from
her sister to see the guy's cock over her face, his hand a blur as it whacked
away above her.

   "I can't wait," he explained to her.  "I wanna jack off in your mouth right
now.  I can fuck you later tonight!"

   "Okay, sir," she answered.  "Whatever you want."

   Jenny could see flashbulbs shooting off occassionally, as more pictures were
being taken.  She was so horny by now...

   The young girl looked back at her sister.  The guy was now fucking Susie,
and fucking her hard.  Susie groaned as the guy relentlessly slammed his cock
into her wet snatch.

   "I'm gonna cum!" Jenny heard the guy above her say.

   She looked up at him.

   "Open your sweet little mouth!" he groaned.  "I'm gonna give you a drink!"

   Jenny opened her mouth wide for him, just in time as he pushed his prickhead
down toward her.  She saw a spurt of his cream and closed her eyes as it
splattered off her teeth.  Then another and another.  When the jizz shower
slowed to a stop, she opened her eyes again, just in time to watch him squeeze
the last of it into her mouth.

   Mr. Walker handed her a towel to clean her face, while the guy eating her
pussy straddled her and fisted his cock into her cunt. It felt so wonderful in
there and fit so nicely, she thought.

   While Jenny's man sawed her young twat, Jenny looked back at her sister,
just in time to see Susie's guy pull out and shoot his load all over her tits.
He rolled off Susie, and another guy stuck his swollen cock into Susie, picking
up where the first man had left off.  Susie's cum-drenched tits wobbled about
as she got fucked hard again.

   Jenny moaned softly to herself.  She pulled her red V-neck sweater high over
her tits, and rubbed the tiny nipples between her fingertips as her man screwed
her.  She wrapped her white kneesocks around him, pulling him into her with
each thrust.

   Meanwhile, Susie's guy had pulled out and crawled up on her, straddling the
varsity cheerleader.  He wiped her cum-covered tits with a towel, then placed
his throbbing cock between her mounds. Susie held her tits together while he
tit-fucked her.  The man groaned in pleasure.

   Mr. Walker put a pillow under each girl's head, as each lied on their back
with a guy on top of them.

   Little Jenny looked at the other five men, sitting and patiently waiting
their turn for the young cheerleaders.  Suddenly, she heard Susie's guy sream.
She looked over.

   The guy threw his head back as he pushed his hips hard into Susie.  Susie,
her head propped up by the pillow, opened her mouth wide as the guy erupted,
shooting his wad from between her tits. Susie caught most of it in her mouth,
the rest splattering on the top of her pushed-up sweater.

   The sight of her sister eating the guy's load made little Jenny even
hornier.  Thick strings of gooey cum hung from Susie's chin, dropping to her
turtleneck sweater.  It was clear to Jenny that they would have to get their
uniforms dry-cleaned on the way home!

   "I'm gonna cum!" hollered the guy on Jenny.  

   Jenny unhooked her legs from around him and he pulled out quickly, jacking
himself off the last few seconds from between her legs.  Jenny watched as
geysers of cum shot high into the air, splattering on her little cheerleading
skirt, her flat tummy, her tiny tits.

   Jenny wiped herself clean, then saw the next guy step up with a tube of
jelly.

   "You don't need that," she giggled.  "I'm really wet right now."

   The man just smiled.

   "I might need it if I'm gonna fuck your tight little ass," he said.

   Jenny smiled, not knowing what to think.  She had never been fucked there
before, but the guy's cock wasn't very big, so she was willing to try it.

   "You're not gonna let him do that, are you?" Susie asked her younger sister.

   "Sure," Jenny smiled.  "Just be gentle with me.  I've never done that
before."

   The man smiled.  "Of course, I will."

   He ordered little Jenny on her hands and knees.  She pulled her red sweater
back down into place, then assumed the position.  The man flipped her little
white cheerleading skirt over her waist, the eight red inverted pleats fanned
out on her back.

   The guy put a little bit of jelly on his fingers, then slowly rubbed it
around her asshole.

   "Ooooohhh!  It's cold!" gasped Jenny.  It felt strangely wonderful to have a
man's fingers probing her asshole.

   The man finished applying the jelly to the young cheerleader, then slowly
slipped a finger into her hole.  Jenny groaned at first, but quickly came to
enjoy the sensation as he worked his finger into her.  He finger-fucked her ass
for a few minutes, and soon she was ready.

   A few feet away, Susie had lowered herself on top of another guy, and was
bouncing about, fucking him hard.  Her sweater flopped about as she rode him.
Susie held up the front of her flimsy skirt with one hand while she watched
Jenny.

   "I'm gonna fuck your sweet little ass, now," Jenny's guy told her.

   "Okay, mister," she consented.

   She felt his prick-head nestle against her asshole, wiggling around to
lubricate it properly.  The man grasped her tight asscheeks, and soon Jenny
felt the head pop into her.

   "Oooffff!" she groaned.

   He was in, and ever-so-slowly pushed it a little deeper into her virgin
asshole.

   "Oh, God, it's so tight!" he exclaimed.  He fucked it into her slowly for a
few minutes, then picked up the pace.  Soon he was fucking her good, and little
Jenny was enjoying it.  The pain was gone now, and she was free to experience
this new sensation.

   He knew he wouldn't last long.  Her ass was so tight, and the sight of the
girl in her uniform being so nasty was exhilarating.

   Jenny could tell by the sound and pace of his breathing that he was about to
cum.  After a few more fuck-strokes, he pulled out.

   Jenny couldn't see it, but Susie watched as he showered the back of her
little white skirt and red sweater with his load.  He paused for a minute,
caressing her tender, tight asscheeks and enjoying the sight before him.  Then
he towelled her off.

   Susie, meanwhile, was finishing off her guy as well.  He gave her warning of
his impending orgasm.  Susie quickly jumped off and dove mouth-first onto his
cock.  Sealing her lips around it tightly, her hand was a blur as she beat him
off the last few seconds.  He screamed as he came, filling her mouth with
sticky jizz.  She choked on his load, and most of it spilled out of her mouth.
It dribbled down her hand, pooling at the base of his cock. Susie wiped it up
as her young sister teased her.

   "What's the matter, sis?" asked Jenny.  "Can't you take a load?"

   Susie was defiant.

   "Of course I can."

   "Doesn't look like it," Jenny snapped back with a smile.

   "I'll tell you what," challenged Susie.  Let's race with two guys.  Whoever
can suck them off first wins, but you have to swallow it all."

   "Okay," Jenny agreed.

   Mr. Walker and another guy volunteered for the contest.

   "I've got Mr. Walker," said Jenny.

   The two men dropped to the carpet, lying there while the cheerleaders
positioned themselves between their legs.

   "Whenever you're ready," said Susie.

   Jenny was first to go down on Mr. Walker.  She clamped her lips around him
and sucked hard, working her hand up and down the shaft. Susie took her guy
into her mouth as well, and the two girls began their race.

   The men cheered the girls on, placing bets on who would win. Jenny had Mr.
Walker on the edge quickly.  She waggled her tongue across the underside of his
cock-head while she sucked, knowing how much he enjoyed it the first time.

   The two cock-sucking cheerleader sisters were in a dead heat. Both men
sounded as if they'd explode any second.  Suddenly, Mr. Walker reared his head
back and shot his load.  Jenny felt it hit the back of her throat and almost
choked, but managed to swallow the first stream.  Another squirt, then another
and another.  As fast as Mr. Wilson could pump it out of his balls, little
Jenny was swallowing it with no problem.

   Susie watched her sister, waiting to see some cum ooze out of her mouth, but
none came out.  Knowing that she had lost, she pulled his cock out of her
mouth.

   "Do you want me to suck you the rest of the way, or what?" Susie asked him.

   "Just sit down and open your mouth," he told Susie.  "I'm gonna squirt it in
so I can see it."

   Susie sat down and crossed her legs, her head up and mouth open. The man
stood in fron of her and frigged himself off, aiming the head at her eager
mouth.

   He came.  His prick fired its thick white load into Susie's mouth, spurt
after spurt.  He loved the sight of his cream squirting into the girl's mouth,
and the other men enjoyed it as well.  After the flow stopped, Susie swallowed
the last of it, then kissed the head of his prick.


                     **************************************

   Soon, all the guys had gotten off.  Mr. Walker had called in for a pizza
delivery, and the deliveryman soon arrived.

   Mr. Walker opened the door and paid for the pizzas.  The man could see that
there was a large group of men, and then his eyes lit up when he saw the two
girls in their cheerleading uniforms.

   "We're having a cheerleader gang-bang," Mr. Walker explained.

   "Would you like a turn?" he asked the deliveryman.

   "Sure!" the man exclaimed.

   He walked into the room, wearing his work uniform and cap.  Mr. Walker
introduced him to Susie and Jenny, who both smiled at the young man.

   "Which girl would you like?" Mr. Walker asked.

   He looked them both over.  Susie had a more womanly body with a full set of
curves, but Jenny looked young, sweet and innocent, with her thin body and cute
dimpled smile.  He quickly decided that he wanted the sweet, young girl.

   "I'll take Jenny," he answered.

   Jenny moved to the floor and lied on her back, while the pizza guy pulled
off his pants.

   "What would you like me to do, mister?" she asked.

   "I wanna fuck you," he answered.

   "Oh, by the way," Mr. Walker interrupted.  "No cumming in her pussy, okay?"

   The man nodded.

   "You can cum in my mouth if you want," Jenny offered.

   The guy's cock was big, almost twelve inches, and rock-hard ready.  Jenny
gasped when she saw the size of it.  He dropped onto the young girl and slowly
punched a few inches into Jenny's sweet teenaged cunt.  He sawed it into her,
gradually pushing more and more of it into her.  Finally, he hit Jenny's
cervix.  Not wanting to hurt the poor girl, he backed off a little as he fucked
her on the floor.

   The men all watched as the pizza guy screwed the pretty cheerleader.  Jenny
grabbed the man's ass and helped pull him into her, enjoying the massive prick
which filled her.

   His massive cock stretched her pussy lips to the max.  She groaned with each
of his thrusts, but she was loving every second of it.

   Then, the man quickly stopped and pulled out.  He shimmied up to her neck
and held his cock out above her face, whacking away on it.

   Jenny knew he was ready to cum, and she opened her mouth.

   "Put it in my mouth, mister," she told him, giggling.

   The pizza guy threw his head back and shot a huge stream of cum into Jenny's
mouth.  Then another wad of cum splattered on her face, followed by another and
another.  The guy was cumming all over the place.

   The men watched in disbelief as what seemed like a quart of semen gushed out
all over poor Jenny's face.  By the time he was finished, Jenny was laughing.
She had cum smeared all over her face, in her mouth, dripping to the carpet.

   The pizza guy thanked her, got up and put his pants back on, then left.
Meanwhile, Jenny lied there for a few minutes with her facebath, while some of
the guys snapped photos of the angelic, young cum-covered cheerleader in her
uniform.

    Finally, she cleaned herself off, and everybody started in on the pizza.
Jenny knew it was going to be quite a night by the time it was over...

