
                            YOUNG CHERRY CHEERLEADER
                                   CHAPTER 2

      The following Tuesday, St. Luke's was scheduled to play a home J.V.
football game, their season opener.

      Jenny wore one of her cheerleading uniforms to school that day, as was
customary for game days.  She walked to her last-period class for the day,
biology with Mr. Lewis, thinking about the fun that she was anticipating that
evening after the game with her cheerleader friend, Angie.

      She wore a white long-sleeved oxford shirt with a red button-down vest
over the top of it.  The vest fit tightly, with white snaps.  On her left
breast was a small emblem showing a falcon, while the white letters "SLHS" ran
down from her right shoulder to her right breast.

      Jenny's skirt was red-and-white plaid with knife pleats all the way
around. It was made of a flimsy, light fabric that flipped around easily when
she moved.  As short as the squad's cheerleading skirts were, hers was
incredibly short due to her very thin waist.

      Barely hidden under the skirt's hem, a pair of white cheerleading panties
gripped her lithe, precious ass.  A pair of white cotton knee socks and white
tennies rounded out the uniform very nicely.

      On this day, Jenny chose to wear her long blonde hair loose.  With just
the slightest hint of wave to it, it shimmered in the hallway light and bounced
against the back of her vest as she walked.  A simple white barrette helped
hold the hair back in place.  She had golden bangs combed down straight across
her forehead.

      She saw Mr. Lewis was standing outside the classroom, observing the
students as they entered the classroom that day. Jenny thought that he was a
very attractive man.  He was in his mid-thirties, about six feet four with a
basketball player's physique, with thick brown hair and a well-trimmed
moustache.  Even this was only the second week of classes, the young girl had
already fantasized about him several times in class.

      Little Jenny could see that he was watching her as she came closer.
Knowing that he was watching her, she decided to give Mr. Lewis a little show.
A water fountain was almost directly opposite the classromm door where he
stood, and she suddenly decided to get a few sips of water.

      She waltzed over to the water fountain, her lightweight, tiny pleated
cheerleading skirt bouncing high on her sweet ass.  Jenny bent over to drink,
and as she did so, Mr. Lewis gawked as her cheerleading skirt pulled up even
higher to reveal a little bit of ass and those tight white panties.

      Mr. Lewis felt an immediate bulge begin to grow in his slacks as he took
in the picture of the young girl before him: the tight-fitting red vest
outlining her tall but incredibly thin figure, the red-and-white plaid skirt
ending in rippling pleats only slightly above the crotch of her white panties,
long thin tanned thighs accentuated by those white knee socks...

      She took a few sips of water, then pretended to drink more as she stayed
in that position for several more seconds, wanting desperately to get Mr. Lewis
to notice her.  Then she straightened up again and turned around to walk into
the classroom.

      Jenny could see that he was definitely noticing her, and she was
instantly proud of her little tease act.  She smiled at him with her sweet
little-girl dimples and he quickly returned the smile.

      She took her second-row seat, and the class started.  As he lectured,
Jenny noticed that Mr. Lewis was definitely making eye contact with her and
looking over her whole body.  She turned and looked at the other boys in the
room, and a lot of them were staring at her.

      The young girl tried not to smile as she thought about the power that her
body had over men.  She loved to wear a cheerleading uniform and other short
skirts, because she could feel the guys' eyes almost penetrate her, and it made
her feel good.

      As Mr. Lewis continued his lecture, Jenny thought about the way that she
sat, with her legs together, just the way her mother taught her.

      She decided that wasn't going to be too much fun for Mr. Lewis.  She
already had a clue that her teacher might be hot for her.  If she gave him a
show in class, she knew that he would enjoy it.  But there were only five
minutes left before the bell to end the period and the school day.

      Jenny slowly began to spread her knees as she sat in her chair.  Soon
they were about eighteen inches apart, and she knew that she was giving him a
great view of her white panty crotch.

      Mr. Lewis was now clearly distracted.  He somehow fumbled through the
last few minutes of his lecture, and the bell mercifully rang.

      "Jenny Wilson, I'd like to see you for a minute," he said, as the
students gathered their books and began to leave the room.

      Young Jenny took her time getting her things together.  Was she in
trouble? Or was Mr. Lewis wanting to get a few minutes alone with her?

      After the last students left the room, Jenny stood up and approached Mr.
Lewis.

      "Yes, Mr. Lewis?" she presented herself, somewhat nervously.

      "Jenny, I need to talk to you for a few minutes," Mr. Lewis said as he
sat in his chair.

      "Have a seat," he told her.

      Jenny boldly sat on the corner of his desk.  He didn't seem to object,
but looked a little surprised.

      "Did you realize how you were sitting in class?" he asked.

      "Yeah," she answered.  "I thought you might like that."

      "I did," Mr. Lewis confessed.  "But it really distracts me from teaching.
Besides, you're much too young for me to be feeling this way about."

      "Feeling what way?" Jenny asked.

      Her teacher paused, not knowing how to say what he wanted to say.

      "Let's just say that when you act that this, it makes me want to do
things that I shouldn't do."

      "Like wanting to have sex with me?" she blurted.

      "Yeah, you could say that," he said.  "I don't have to tell you how much
trouble that could get me into."

      "Who's going to tell?" asked Jenny.

      She curled a leg out across the desk, pulling her skirt up tight and
showing her crotch again to Mr. Lewis.

      "Oh, Jenny..." he murmured.  "I want you really bad..."

      "I want you too, Mr. Lewis," she answered, smiling and looking into his
eyes.

      "If you want to lock the classroom door, I won't say anything," he told
the girl.

      Jenny quickly got up and walked to the door, locked it, and closed it
behind her, making sure that nobody was watching. Then she returned to Mr.
Lewis' desk.

      Her handsome teacher stood up from his chair, and Jenny's sparkling blue
eyes immediately locked on an enormous hard-on protruding from his slacks.

      "Yeah, Jenny, that's from you," he told her.

      Jenny smiled with those little dimples.

      "You're a little living doll, Jenny," he said as he took her into his
arms and kissed her passionately.

      Jenny had never really been held or kissed like this before, and she just
wanted to melt.

      Mr. Lewis put one hand around the little cheerleader's tiny waist, and
placed his other hand on the back of one of her thighs, just below the hem of
her little pleated skirt.  He slowly ran it up under her skirt and grabbed her
tight teen ass.

      "Hey, Jenny, has anyone ever eaten your pussy?" he asked.

      "No, but you can be the first, Mr. Lewis" she responded.

      He reached under her skirt with both hands, grabbing the waistband of her
cheerleading panties and pulling them off along with the underwear underneath.
They dropped to the floor, and Jenny stepped out of them.

      Mr. Lewis lowered Jenny onto his desk.  She put her feet up on the edge
of the desk and spread her legs far apart as he flipped her tiny skirt up and
over her waist.

      The little cheerleader looked magnificent, lying there in her
cheerleading uniform with her teen snatch opened up for her teacher.

      The little girl closed her eyes, then suddenly felt something warm and
moist caressing her tender clit.  She sighed deeply as her teacher stroked his
tongue slowly across her pussy-trigger.

      "Oh, Mr. Lewis...That feels wonderful..." she quietly moaned.

      He licked her slowly for a few minutes, then sped up the action with more
direct pressure on her sensitive organ.

      Jenny could feel that warm feeling building within her again, the same
warmth that she had felt a few days earlier when she had fingered herself to
her first orgasm.

      "Oh, Mr. Lewis, that feels sooooo good!" she moaned.

      This time it was more powerful.  The little cheerleader grabbed her knees
and pulled them up tightly against her as she grimaced with the incredible
intensity of her nearing climax.

      "Oh, Mr. Lewis!  I'm gonna cum!  Oh! Oh! I'm gonna cuuuummmmmmm!!"

      Jenny groaned in ecstasy as she became overwhelmed by the sensation.  Her
legs quivered slightly with the muscular release of tension.  Pussy juice
spurted out onto her teacher's face and pooled on the desk.

      "Thank you, Mr. Lewis," she said.  "I never felt anything quite like that
before!"

      "I'm glad you enjoyed it, Jenny."

      "Would you like to fuck me, Mr. Lewis?" she asked.

      "You bet!"

      "I've never been fucked before, sir.  I hope it's all right with you,"
she said.

      "I'll be very gentle, Jenny."

      Mr. Lewis quickly pulled off his slacks and briefs as he gawked at the
young cheerleader.  Her red snap-down vest, the white long-sleeve oxford shirt
underneath, the flimsy red-and-white plaid pleated skirt now piled up over her
waist, the white cotton knee socks and tennies...there wasn't a man alive who
wouldn't have wanted to fuck this young lady, he thought.

      His nine-inch spear was more than ready to give this girl a long-wanted
fuck.  The teacher pulled Jenny toward him, positioning her ass at the edge of
the table so he could stand and fuck her as she lied there.

      Jenny watched with excitement as he nestled the tip of his prick against
her hot, eager pussy and rubbed it across the opening several times to get it
nice and wet.

      "Come on, Mr. Lewis.  Fuck me!" she begged.

      Suddenly, she felt him enter her virgin pussy.  Slowly, he drove the head
into her.  The young girl was incredibly tight, and he knew he was going to
enjoy this.

      Mr. Lewis sawed it in and out of her  slowly, pushing deeper with it each
time until she was able to take most of it up her cherry teenage snatch.

      "Ooohhh... Mr. Lewis..." she moaned.  Jenny  felt wonderful.  She tingled
with the sensation of her teacher's stiff prick filling her wet little
fuck-box.

      The horny teacher fucked the horny little cheerleader. With her feet on
his desk and her knees up, he grasped her thighs and used them for leverage as
he pumped his dick deep into her pretty little twat.  Loud slushy sounds
emanated from the loins of the two lovers as he gave her her first fuck, a
tight wet fuck.

      "We're fuckin' now, aren't we, Mr. Lewis?"

      "Yeah, Jenny.  I'm fuckin' your brains out."

      The excitement level quickly built within him as he screwed the beautiful
young JV cheerleader.  He knew he couldn't take it too much longer with the
incredibly tight pussy on this young girl.

      "You like this, don't you, you little prick-teaser?" he asked.

      "Yeah...it feels nice."

      "You're such a good little girl.  I've always liked fucking cheerleaders,
especially in their uniforms."

      "You've fucked cheerleaders before?" Jenny asked.

      "You bet!"

      "From this school?"

      "Oh, sure.  But nobody as young, sweet and tight as you, my darling..."

      Jenny smiled as she looked up at her teacher, hammering away at her with
steady thrusts.

      "Oh, Jenny..." he moaned.  "Your pussy is so tight, I can't take much
more of this.  Can I come in your pussy?" he asked.

      "You can squirt it wherever you want, Mr. Lewis.  I'll even let you do it
in my mouth, if you want," she answered.

      "I wanna do it in your pussy, you sweet little schoolgirl fucker," he
told her.  "The next time, I'll fuck your hot little mouth."

      He felt his cock-trigger reach the breaking point and threw his head back
as he shoved his big dick into her with one more powerful thrust.

      "Aaaahhhh!!!" he groaned as he shot his first steamy wad of jizz into the
young girl.

      Jenny could feel his cock pulsate within her as it filled her cunt with
loads of thick white love-juice.  Her teacher continued sawing his meat in and
out of the young girl, and he quickly filled her moist, soft cunt with his
fluid.

       Unable to hold any more of Mr. Lewis' cum, streams of it overflowed her
young pussy and ran down over her tight teen ass, pooling on the teacher's
desk.

      The pretty little cheerleader smiled and closed her eyes, enjoying the
last few seconds of her first fuck and looking forward to her teacher's promise
to fill her eager mouth with his cream...

