YOUNG MODEL FANTASY

This time Amanda had on a blue floral V-neck tank dress that sloped down
just giving a hint of her cleavage. The dress also showed her figure to
advantage as it stopped before her knees; her curves and slim legs were
open for inspection to his eyes. Her thin hoop earrings and the long red
curls of her hair, combined with the barely noticeable flesh colored
hosiery she wore belied her 16 years. Of course, Phil was also dressed
to kill in his best blue suit, flowered tie to match her dress, and
freshly shined shoes. They smiled awkwardly at each other and Phil again
admired her beautiful smile and perfectly aligned teeth, unlike his own
slightly buckish front teeth.

Dinner went about as well as expected, as both of them had trouble
concentrating knowing what was in store for the evening. Amanda spilled
some water on the table and Phil dropped some silverware on the floor,
but no major (stupidity-wise) travesty happened.

Barely concentrating on keeping his little Honda on the road, Phil soon
made it to her house and hopped out to the passenger side. He opened the
door for her and she took his hand as he helped her out of the car.
Damn, her skin was so smooth! She seemed to read his mind as he looked
at her and she smiled broadly, firmly squeezing his hand. He led her,
arm in arm, up to the door of the house. With a giggle she jumped up and
he caught her legs, carrying her inside the house and placing her on the
couch.

This was Phil's first feel of Amanda's body and he about lost it, not
wanting to let her go. It didn't really matter because almost
immediately after he tossed his coat aside and sat down she scooted over
to him, whispering, "I'm not sure how much we're going to do, but let's
start." With that, she fastened her blue eyes to his own blue eyes and
slowly moved her pretty mouth to his, placing her lips to his in their
first kiss. He held his breath, afraid to do anything. She laughed and
wiped the lipstick off his lips with her finger. He gave her his
handkerchief and she wiped her finger and mouth in it. "I hope you don't
mind," she mischeviously stated. "Oh, it's not a problem at all," he
replied as he returned the fabric to his pocket.

Phil then turned to her and gently returned her kiss but soon their
kissing became more passionate and both could feel their pulses racing.
After he finally broke away Amanda lifted her legs off the floor
(leaving her pumps behind) and over Phil's lap while throwing her arms
about his neck. Taking a deep breath, she pressed her full lips to his.
This time, Phil was not afraid to do something. He clasped his hands
around her back, gently running them up and down her elegant back and
eventually through her fine red hair. Suddenly he felt her sweet tongue
and reflexively opened his mouth to feel her probing. He returned the
favor awhile before she pulled away somewhat and looked again into his
eyes; both were slightly out of breath.

While they were locking eyes Phil apparently was still reeling from
their activity because he felt his right hand stroking up and down her
covered legs without him actually contemplating doing it. Amanda
eventually noticed too but made no move to stop him so he continued.
Soon she reached down and began to roll one stocking down but he stopped
her; he began to remove it instead. She was surprised but as his hands
flowed down her legs, electricity ran through her body. Something in her
mind told her hands to unbutton his shirt so they did. As she did this
he continued stroking her bare legs. After she had removed his shirt, he
nuzzled her neck, noticing for the first time the freckles that adorned
her shoulders.

"Amanda, you are the most unique and beautiful girl, do you know that?"
he said and he meant it. "If you say so," she blushed and pecked him on
the cheek. "I just wish we could go further." "Do you really mean that?"
Phil asked. "Yes," Amanda replied softly but breathily, "but we can't. I
don't want to get pregnant." "But Amanda, we still can," Phil said as he
produced two condoms from his wallet. "You mean you have those all the
time?" "Yes, I do." "Well, I am happy for that," she said simply as she
shimmied out of her dress. Phil wasted no time either and quickly
shucked his shoes, socks, and pants.

They caught each other staring at the other one's body as they both had
on only their skivvies. Amanda admired his tall frame and chest as well
as his firm buns. Of course, she could have been looking at his glans as
it poked out of the top of his blooming Fruit of the Looms. Phil almost
choked as he saw Amanda in 3-D as few, if any, people had seen her. He
stared at her young frame. All she was wearing now was a white
cotton/spandex bra that appeared to be back closing and French-cut print
briefs. He couldn't help but notice the irony of what looked like red
roses covering her sexuality. Did the designer do it on purpose? He only
wondered for a moment as she instantly, but hesitantly, came to him and
reached to kiss him. He met her halfway and gently pulled her body
closer to his. Finally he stroked her soft buttocks, feeling her warm
and giving flesh there. She shivered with pleasure as her belly felt his
penis for the first time. His erection was raging in testament to her
beauty, and she reached into his underwear to feel its heat.

Phil figured she might want to go further because of this action, so he
guided her hands momentarily away from his cock and to the waistband of
his Looms and pushed down, stepping out of his last piece of clothing.
She regarded his stiff length without emotion, but apparently she was
just reaching her decision. After a few moments of pondering, she
reached behind herself and unhooked her bra. With purposeful slowness
(was she titillating him?) she removed one arm and then the other,
holding the one side up with her forearm so she still didn't reveal
anything. She then let the garment fall to the floor, revealing her
breasts to him. They were small, round, and firm, standing high on her
chest. Her brown areolae framed their erect nipples in perfect
proportion. He leaned in and kissed each breast and nipple before
leaning back. She held her breath while he did this but again looked
directly into his eyes (He really got numb when she did that!) and slid
her flowered briefs past her thighs and legs, stepping out of them. Now
it was his turn to hold his breath.

After he found it he noticed her staring him down so he made a note to
memorize her body. She was still smiling and showing her pearly whites.
Her gentle and erratic breathing made her pert breasts rise and fall
ever so enticingly. Her slim hips and thighs curved into each other and
were so smooth. She truly was a woman in bloom. Thin wisps of reddish
brown hair sprouted from between her legs, but he couldn't see much
right now. Continuing down he again admired the form of her legs. Even
her feet were something to behold in his eyes.

Amanda moved toward Phil but to his surprise moved past him, so he got a
chance to see her shapely ass as she went by. Still, where the hell is
she going? He smiled as he saw her reach for one of the condoms he had
left on the coffee table. She opened the package, reading the
instructions. Then she went to Phil and placed the condom over the tip
of his penis and with the other hand unrolled it onto his erection. He
groaned as he felt her soft hand doing this. As soon as she was done he
grasped her and kissed the top of her head, reveling in whatever shampoo
she used. She looked up to him and said, "Are you ready?" "Are you?" "I
think so," she replied as she led him by his sheathed dick to an open
part of the room and guided him to the floor on top of her.

Phil briefly tongued Amanda's breasts before kissing down her stomach.
At the same time he stroked the sides of her body with both hands from
her armpits, down her ribs, and stopped at her hips. She was trembling
slightly as both his lips and hands met their destination
simultaneously. Slowly he placed his hands between her thighs and pushed
them apart, revealing her sex to him. The final destination. He again
saw the fine red-brown pubic hair but this time also saw her petite
vulva. She tensed again when he probed his finger into her cleft, spread
the labia apart, and stroked the moist pink flesh within. Gasping, she
lifted one leg up, bent it at the knee and placed it as far out as
possible, giving him more room. The top of his fingers traced over her
swollen clitoris as well as in and out of her channel alternatively; he
was rewarded with even more slick juices and her panting. His dick
throbbed and reminded him that he still had a job to do, now that she
had moistened.

Pulling away slightly he took his rigid penis in hand and slid it up and
down her moist cleft while continuing to stroke her clitoris with the
other hand. She continued her semi-faraway breathing but watched his
every move. When he had lubricated the condom enough, he settled between
her at her opening. Without saying anything, she spread her legs far
apart in recognition of what they were about to do. He probed with his
penis at her wet and puffy vaginal lips and found the entrance, pushing
the head into her about an inch. "You're going to go slow, right?" she
breathed. "You bet," he replied as he withdrew and penetrated her again
with the glans.

Phil placed his hands on either side of Amanda's head and lowered his
body to hers, supporting his weight so that he barely made contact with
her. She would have none of that and pulled him down so that he was
smothering her smooth body. They both groaned as his hard chest touched
her erect nipples and firm bosom. Their bodies' heated contact pushed
Phil further and he humped his buttocks, penetrating Amanda's opening
further; she was very tight and that only heightened the pleasure. He
began to thrust in and out but only as far as his second penetration had
gotten; he made no attempt to go deeper. Finally, however, she began
hunching her hips, trying to get him inside her further. He looked at
her, stopping his thrusts, to see her with a clenched jaw and closed
eyes. She opened her eyes when he stopped, wondering. "OK, now," he said
as he arched his back and gradually pushed his penis further into her.
Halfway in he met a slight barrier that pushed against his cock. He
pushed further, being pleasured by the heat and lubrication of their
mutual coupling as well as the purity and friction of her vagina.
Finally he found himself fully inside her and lowered his chest to hers
again.

Amanda opened her eyes when she felt Phil's pubic bone against her own,
bringing her legs up and folding them around his hips. She pumped her
hips at his enwombed cock and said, "This is a great feeling!" He could
only agree and reveled in her wetness as he began thrusting in and out.
Her lubrication made even her tight vagina easily penetrable by his
stiff penis. With each slow intrusion, her natural juices accumulated
and the in and out motions they did made soft sucking noises. They were
soon thrusting in unity with each other as she raised her hips off the
floor each time he entered her depths. The speed of their thrusts
gradually increased but still weren't outof control due to her petite
opening. Nonetheless Amanda's eyes glazed over and she made small noises
as they moved towards orgasm.

Her legs tightened around his hips and her arms around his back as she
gave one last thrust, arching her buttocks up and stiffening her body.
"Ooooohhh," she moaned as she climaxed. This sent him over as he was
waiting for her. He pumped two more times before holding his penis
inside her spasming pussy. His fluid offering, meant for Amanda's
pleasure center, was intercepted by the condom but still couldn't
diminish his orgasmic intensity. Gradually their movements subsided and
he moved down and kissed her appreciative face. She was still so damn
beautiful and young. He felt like doing it again.

His cock was still semi-hard within her pulsing vagina. She pumped her
hips at him. "You still willing?" he asked. In answer she pumped faster,
bringing him to full erection. "OK, but I have to get out of this
thing." He withdrew and went to his knees. She followed him up and
unfurled the rubber from his member, taking it off. Being a bit sloppy,
she dropped the used one and picked the unused one off the table and
again placed it over his throbbing penis. Once again she led him, but
this time she went into her bedroom.

She climbed up on top of the covers and laid on her back, opening her
legs and beckoning to him. He slowly clambered up to her. Her vaginal
lips were still pouty so he began right away. She pulled him by his
neck, kissing him. Phil's cock landed at her glistening entrance. Slowly
he pushed it completely into her vagina. "Do you want to lead?" he asked
her. "OK," she replied and rolled over. She grasped him tightly to her,
crushing her body to his.

Hesitatingly she wriggled her pelvis around and side to side, as if
afraid to try and separate her pussy from his dick. He figured to let
her do what she may. After all, he was in no hurry. With great care she
lifted only her buttocks away from him only to bring them back down
again. He took the opportunity to caress her plump hillock with his
hands, gently massaging the outer folds. She quickened her thrusts
slightly and soon she flung her head backwards and arched her back. This
enabled him to use her juices to moisten underneath her breasts and her
erect nipples, using his slippery fingers and thumbs. These actions
caused her to impale herself with quicker movements and sent her along
the way to climax. Phil watched her shining pubic hair and the way her
pussy lips grasped his cock with each up and down movement she made. He
ran each hand down from her breasts, her ribs, and let them rest on her
hips. She continued her thrusting but when the back of his hands
lightly stroked her inner thighs, she kept his penis inside her to the
full length and fell onto him.

She continued humping her hips at his hilted penis until she locked up
and let out a soft cry of pleasure. He continued stroking with his index
finger over her smooth ass, thighs and legs as she shuddered on top of
him. They stayed like that for five minutes, both enjoying how their
bodies melded together. His penis throbbed deep inside her cavern the
entire time. Finally she roused and smiled, saying "Your turn." She got
up from him and rolled on her back.

Amanda spread her legs far apart and Phil wasted no time in moving
between them. He placed his rampant member at her sweet slit and pushed
in, enjoying her tightness and hotness. She pulled his hips to hers and
encircled her legs around his waist. The feeling of her smooth, young
legs clutching him to her sex spurred him on. Amanda met every probe
with her own raised buttocks as each thrust penetrated deep into her
core. Their thighs glided together in unison, increasing in speed. He
pounded in and out five more times before he exploded, sending stream
after stream of seed into her pussy. The condom, however, stopped any
from touching her pussy. He kept moving after this and ten strokes later
he felt her vaginal walls clutching his softening member as she went
over, tightening her legs around him and preventing his movement.

"Do you think we could do this again?" Amanda asked.
