
                                 The Young Slut

What a question!  'Course I don't watch porno flics!  Kids my age don't get
chance unless they're lucky!  Right away I wished the guy hadn't asked,
although I suppose I had let him think I was over eighteen and not just another
hot'n'sexy almost fourteen year-old!  I was so stuck for words I stopped
gobbling his cock for a moment and just knelt in front of him with a dumb
expression on my face.

"If I tell him the truth would he refuse to drive me home?"  My thoughts
wandered.  It was both cold and dirty in that back alley behind the disco and I
knew it was already too late to find some other guy who'd mouth-fuck me and
give me a lift home.  Also, if I went round the front and asked the bouncers
for help they might just sus I'm well under-age so that was DEFINITELY a no-no!

I live with my folks on the far side of town and, as every clued-up girl worth
her salt knows, these days a cock-suck is accepted as the minimum fare for a
free ride home from a club.  It's too bad the Pussycat Disco is so far from my
house or else I might scrape up enough for a taxi, but that would only cover
one trip and I'm there Fridays AND Saturdays.  So its usually a quick back seat
screw or a blow-job plus a bit of sweet talk, then I'll mostly use my knickers
to clean up [I never can remember to take Kleenex!] before I get dropped off a
few doors down the street and creep in the house without waking my folks.

Its not that I care how many guys I fuck with 'cos I stopped counting cocks
long ago.  It all started on a weird Saturday a few weeks before my twelfth
birthday when my two cousins held me down and took turns at busting my cherry.
By the time they'd finished with me I was feeling real sore and had spunk
running all down my legs, but I don't snitch on anyone so I just kept quiet.
Next day I woke up feeling horny so I told a spotty fifteen year old neighbour
he could fuck me in the cellar if his kid brother would keep a look-out.
Although I hadn't planned to I then let 'em swap round so they could both come
off in my cunt, and ever since then I've been well known in the neighbourhood
as a good lay who 'puts-out' to the max.  I know these days most chicks my age
will fuck if they're pushed, but the guys at school know I'm the easiest piece
of fuck-meat on two legs and that's the way I like it!.  Anyway, I find it
easier to get off fast with guys by being an open-legged horny fuck-slut so my
reputation doesn't bother me one bit.  But what I really DO care about is
getting grounded by my folks, and if they found out I'd been a regular at the
Pussycat for over six months they'd probably keep me in nights for a whole
year!

"Yeah," I lied, huskily, "I adore hard porno fuck-films!"  Then I jammed my
face back into the guy's pubes and kept on sucking his fat cock until I'd
milked all his ball-juice down my throat.  His spunk was thick and tasted
strong, much saltier than I was used to, but I wasn't gonna let that stop me!
No Sir!  I kept swallowing over and over to work it right down my hungry gullet
until there was hardly any left in my hot sucking gob.  Then I coughed to clear
my throat and gave one last swallow before I looked up at his face. "Like
it.....?"

I knew I was good.  With sex I don't believe in pussyfooting around like some
stupid girls I could mention, and I know that's what all guys like. "Yeah,"
drawled the unnamed stud, "C'mon kid I'd better drop ya at your place."
"Shit!" I silently cursed, "he's sussed I'm not eighteen. Maybe if I stick my
tits out more he won't guess my real age..."  I stood up and brushed the dirt
off my knees then cursed again when I realised one of my cheap stockings had
been holed.

With my bra-less tits mashed against his right arm he led me across the parking
lot to his car.  He didn't say much on the way home, just stared out the window
like he was deep in thought while I did all the usual stuff.  Toyed with his
dick, flashed my tits at cars, pushed his hand down my panties for a feel.
Normal in-car boy stuff.  When he finally spoke his middle finger was beavering
away in my slit and I was trying to remember if he'd told me his name!

"I'm having some guys round at my place tomorrow to watch some hard new
fuck-films." He gave me a sideways glance. "Wanna join in the fun...?" As he
said it his finger rolled back and forth inside my wet cunt-hole and I squirmed
in the seat. "Shit!" I cursed to myself yet again, "How in the name of fuck can
I get out of the house tomorrow night?" After thinking it over for a few
seconds I shrugged.  I'd just have to think up some good excuse, that's all!

While I was thinking we stopped for a red light and some guys stood staring at
me through the window, making me look down.  I laughed.  My tiny skirt was
hitched up round my waist and the guy's big hand was jammed down the front of
my pale blue panties, exposing half my pubes. I couldn't care less how sluttish
I looked, and instead of trying to cover my crotch I waved at my audience and
grinned widely when I noticed two of them start to rub the bulges in their
pants.  There was about five guys staring at me and I began fantasising what it
would feel like to be gang-banged...

"How many will I have to fuck?"  I jumped at the sound of my voice.  I'd been
daydreaming as I stared at the guys crossing the road and hadn't meant to speak
out loud.  "Look kid,"  My escort laughed, "You can fuck whoever you want 'cos
I jus' don't give a shit. I jus' thought you might like to watch some
fuck-films."  He gunned the motor as the lights changed. "How many ya fuck and
all that shit is up to you!"  I smiled and gave it some more thought.

His offer sounded perfectly reasonable to me.  A free viewing of the kind of
fuck-films I'd wanted to see ever since I'd first heard about them as a curious
nine year-old, AND there'd be at least one guy to fuck with if I felt randy.  I
reached over and squeezed his cock. "Sorry... don't know why I asked such a
dumb question." I felt his cock starting to get hard again. "I'd just love to
see your fuck-films, so where do you live?"  He reached forward in the dash
pocket then handed me a card with his address. "Be there about eight."  I
answered with "You bet I will!" as I pulled his cock out again and lowered my
head to it.

My timing was very close and I was still swallowing his second load of spunk
when I hopped out the car and watched him pull away.  I stepped into a doorway,
undid my belt and tugged at my crotch-high microskirt until it was almost the
length of an ordinary mini, then pulled my top up around my neck so I could
fasten the bra I'd hidden in my handbag. I felt an exhibitionist urge and
stepped onto the sidewalk for a minute, shaking my small bare tits at passing
cars like some topless-dancer slut before reluctantly clipping the bra and
pulling my top down.  "Yeah!" I smiled to myself as I strutted the last few
yards home, "Its fun being a young teenage FUCK-TOY!"

Next day I called my older cousin Jenny and gave her some bullshit about
wanting to help a friend with her schoolwork but my folks wouldn't let me out
three nights in a row. "Please Jenny," I pleaded with her, "Would you call Mom
and make out you need me for something?" I thought I ought to wheedle a bit
just to make sure. "Just this once and I promise I'll make it up to you..."
Finally I heard a sigh at the other end of the line. "Okay Trish," She said
eventually, "Just this once, I'll call her around seven."  She was a good sport
and I knew she didn't really mean the 'just this once' crap either.

I was real good to Mom and Dad all day, helping out and stuff.  At six-thirty
I told Mom I was going up to have a shower and sort my things out for school.
First I snuck into her bedroom to borrow a tiny pair of her panties, then I
retrieved the ultra-short and tight lycra dress that I keep hidden in my room
and stuffed both items into my bag together with a small cologne spray.  So far
my plan was working out peachy!  I then took a shower and repeatedly pushed the
small shower-head deep into my cunt to give my busy fuck-hole its daily
sluicing.  After drying off and stuff I heard the phone ring.  Great!

As I knew she would, Mom then called me down and actually apologised for
sending me round to Jenny's.  All I had on was my bathrobe so I gave her one of
my 'I'm a good citizen' expressions. "It's okay Mom, I don't mind helping
Jenny. I'll just go and throw some things on."  Back in my room I clipped on my
other lacy bra, stepped into some cotton bikini nicks then pulled on my Levis,
a sweater and my best shoes.

She watched me pedal off on my bike.  It was only a few blocks to the bus
station, and there I locked the bike to some railings then bought a cheap pair
of white hold-ups from the kiosk and found an empty cubicle in the restroom.
Just five minutes later a sexy perfumed little tart emerged wearing a spray-on
microdress -  ME!  I put my sweater, jeans and cotton knickers in a locker and
hopped on the bus.  My dress is so unbelievably short it always shows plenty of
panty-triangle whenever I sit and it quickly got me off with two guys across
the bus who gave me their numbers and made me promise to call them soon.  Like
I said - EASY!

The journey took about half an hour and by the time I eventually found the
apartment and rang the doorbell it was five after eight o'clock. The door
opened and Carl [the name was printed on his address card] looked me up and
down appreciatively. "Hi kid!"  came the drawled welcome, "Bring that cute li'l
ass inside."  I smiled sexily and he gave my tight butt a friendly squeeze and
a smack as I walked past him.

In the lounge were six of his friends, all guys, and I was quickly given a
drink before being introduced to them.  Two were about my Dad's age [WOW!] but
the others all looked twenty-something.  The doorbell rung again and two more
guys stepped into the room, then stood and stared at my crotch.  I looked down.
My tight dress had drawn itself up an inch or so to expose my knicker-crotch, a
young girl's peril [and pleasure!] from daring to wear such ultra-short micros!
I giggled and looked them straight in the eye whilst pulling at the hem
half-heartedly until it hovered around my cunt-level.  This was already getting
to be fun!

I had a couple more glasses of wine and tried smoking some pot [another first!]
when one guy handed me his joint, inhaling as deeply as I could to get all the
shit right down into my lungs.  Lucky for me I'm used to smoking.  I first
tried a normal cigarette when I was nearly ten, but my best friend double-dared
me to inhale and I just ended up coughing and choking on it  Then I began
stealing them from wherever and practised on my own, and after a few months I
was able to inhale and hold my breath until no smoke escaped.  For a while it
became my party trick!  I've been smoking regularly since eleven and a half and
since my first fuck three months later I've had cigarettes every chance I get.
Mornings are bad 'cos I have to wait until I set off to school, then I get
three down me one after another.  I have two every lunchtime and an extra one
in breaktimes followed by three more before I get home.  So far by begging,
borrowing, stealing and offering guys quick feels and stuff I'm getting through
about eighty a week, but I know my body needs a lot more 'cos I get frustrated
if I only have ten or so a day.  A few times I've fucked with some guy for a
twenty-pack to take me through the week, but Fridays and Saturdays are okay
'cos at the Pussycat I can keep smoking non-stop until I'm feeling all nice and
relaxed...

I clamped my lips together and held my breath for ages, wanting to make sure
the marijuana did its stuff on me properly.  The shit really fucked my lungs
good and when finally I couldn't hold my breath any longer I let out a very
slow sigh and was pleased when I saw no smoke escape this time either.  I
looked around to make sure I'd been watched [I had!] and by the time Carl put
on the first video I was feeling a bit stoned, but dead horny too and my
fuck-hole was already leaking sex-juice!  One day I'd like someone to inject me
with something that'll really fuck me up just to see what it feels like - and
to find out how far I'll go when my brain's totally out of control...

The girl porno stars were so sexy and attractive, and I enjoyed the intro
feature which showed two girls in a shopping mall in hotpants and skimpy tops
printed with the words 'FEEL ME - I'm real!'.  They were promoting their latest
porno-flick, and smiled as they kissed each guy who walked up to squeeze their
bra-less tits.  Every other guy who had a feel would grab a girl by the crotch
and the lovely tramps would laugh and shamelessly grind their cunts into the
guy's palm!  A few passers-by stood staring in disbelief and I noticed some
young kids in the back-ground giggling at the antics.  One guy even stuck his
hand right inside both girls' micro-shorts to finger their panty-free pussies
in public. The giggling sluts obviously didn't care and, amazingly, nobody
tried to stop the very public sex-action.  [I found out much later that the
mall security guys had been paid off to keep scarce whilst it was filmed!]
After a few more minutes of kissing and blatant feeling-up both tarts waltzed
boldly into the men's room and began giving blow-jobs in full view of men and
boys alike!  I had to admire their total disregarded for rules and couldn't
resist cheering when one of the sexpots stood in the men's room doorway, using
her fingers to wipe some guy's wet spunk off her face before laughing into the
camera!

From that moment on I was hooked and sat glued to the big TV screen with one
hand rubbing away at my clit through the thin material of Mom's panty-gusset.
The hunky stud actors really got me drooling at the way they'd keep shoving
their big cocks into one smiling open-legged girl after another before finally
unloading their cum into some lovely porno-chick's open mouth.  She'd stare
right into the camera and play with the spunk for ages before swallowing it,
which I thought was divine!  The film ended with a super orgy where everyone
fucked everyone else and the girls were left plastered with spunk.  Fantastic!

My knickers were sopping wet and I felt so horny I never said a word when one
guy led me off and into a bedroom.  Don't ask me his name 'cos I don't
remember, but he was about twice my age and had a big cock.  He just lay me on
the bed, pulled my knicker-gusset to one side and shoved it in deep which got
me going until sparks were exploding through my nerves.  I must have orgasmed
so hard I didn't realise he'd cum inside me until his dick went limp and he
pulled out for me to suck it clean. I crossed my fingers.  "Well so what!" I
thought to myself, "I haven't got pregnant so far so why shouldn't my luck
hold!"  You see I'm not on the pill 'cos I can't ask Mom and I've heard clinics
don't supply under sixteens.  But I couldn't stop fucking, could I, so I just
don't let it bother me none.  Just keep on risking it Trish and hope for the
best - that's my motto...!

I could hear sounds from the TV.  "C'mon," I kissed him deep with my tongue, "I
wanna see another fuck-film!"  I whipped off my panties and dropped them on the
floor, used a towel to wipe my cunt then pulled my dress down until my crotch
was barely covered.

The next film starred a young girl of about seventeen and four guys with big
cocks.  She was a natural and obviously loved being filmed having sex.  The
studs had her every which way while she smiled at the camera and swallowed
their spunk.  Amazingly, she smiled even wider when two of the guys screwed her
in the ass one after the other.  I haven't yet had my ass used for sex but I
guess I'll get around to it sooner or later. The girl happened to look a bit
like me and then I realised how much I'd love to be a porno star like her and
make lots of money from fucking all sorts of studs.  If I did Mom and Dad would
go apeshit once they found out, but even if they did get to know surely I could
afford to run away from home and live on my porno money...?

I'd been smoking and finger-fucking myself through most of that second film and
almost forgot I'd fucked once already, so when a fortyish guy picked me up I
just giggled and gave him a sexy mouth kiss as he carried me through to the
bedroom.  As he lay me down I noticed my panties on the floor where I'd left
them and giggled again.  I must've been a bit pissed as well as stoned by then,
but I remember him pulling up my dress and opening my legs to get his mouth
onto my cunt.  As his tongue felt me inside and out I recall shuddering with
lust and thinking "I'll bet not many chicks 'syoung as me get this treatment!"

By the time he slid his narrow cock up me I was ready for anything.  I kept
calling him Daddy and saying things like "Fuck me with your nice cock, Daddy,"
and "Don't save your spunk for Mom, shoot it in me this time, Daddy!"  That
last one got him over the top and I felt his cum flooding into my cunt while my
orgasm pumped away to empty his balls.  I was starting to feel really nice and
slutty by then.  When we got up off the bed some sperm started to dribble out
of my hole so I gave my crotch a good wipe with a clean towel then pulled my
dress down over my ass again. For a second my thoughts drifted to pregnancy
again but I quickly got over it. "Yeah, why should I give a shit!" I argued to
myself, "This is too much like fun so all that fucking stupid baby crap can
just fuck off 'cos I don't wanna know!" and with that I waltzed brazenly out
the room!

I was giggling at my thoughts as I went back into the lounge and some guys made
a few rude comments about me fucking my Dad, but it was all in good fun and I
couldn't care less anyway.  I was enjoying myself far too much to mind a few
jokes so, still giggling, I blurted out "'Course I've just fucked my Dad,
doesn't every girl...?"  They all loved that.  I grabbed someone's marijuana
joint and breathed deeply from it, then poured myself one more glass of wine
and could feel my juices giving me another wet on before the next film had even
been put in the machine. God, I was so randy!

"Hey Carl!" One guy called out, "Let's see one of your specials this time."
Carl looked across at the guy, then looked quizzically at me and shrugged
before answering with "Okay, why not."  He opened a cupboard, took out a video
and put it in the machine.

I couldn't believe my fucking eyes!  There were two girls, kids I mean, and two
adult men.  Both girls looked about eight or nine since they had no tits and
just a bald slit instead of pussy hair and a cunt.  The film started with the
girls fingering themselves while they flicked through hard porno magazines like
I hadn't managed to get a look at in fourteen years!  Next they moved over to
the guys and sucked their cocks while the men eased the girls' legs apart and
pulled open their tiny hairless slits.

It fascinated and excited me to see little girls doing such horny sex stuff.
When the camera went in for a close-up it was obvious they weren't virgins
either 'cos I could see right up inside their opened cuntholes.  I'd no idea
girls could fuck at that age, never mind be porno stars, and I realised what a
sheltered upbringing I must have had to be so naive.  I thought I'd first had
sex young, at eleven, but by then I'd got small tits and some pussy hair and
had already had a couple periods so when my cousins raped me I just guessed it
was time to get into some serious fucking, but these kids looked like they'd
been sucking cocks since kindergarten!

As I watched, the girls got on top of the studs and each held a stiff cock
between their thighs then carefully fitted the end just inside their openings
until their hairless slits were completely stretched over the bulbous knobs.
Having got past the first stage they slowly worked their small bodies lower and
lower, both girls biting their lower lip with determination, until several
inches of cock was inside each of them and their little butts were virtually
pressing into each guy's lap. Finally, with first a smile at one another then
at the camera they began to fuck, lifting then pushing so the cocks went
repeatedly in and out, in and out their young undeveloped bodies.

I was staring at the screen amazed, yet couldn't hold back a gasp when a third
little girl came into view wearing nothing but tiny stockings and suspenders.
She kept fingering and feeling up the other two girls, then picked up a
Polaroid camera and when her two friends froze in mid-stroke she took several
shots of their half-impaled bodies.  She studied the developing photographs for
a few moments, then grinned at the camera and held up a couple of snaps which
showed each little girl with a big cock sticking out of her tightly stretched
cunt.

[It turned out later this kid was only seven and a virgin when the film was
made, but the other girls' teasing had her begging to be fucked so she could be
like them!  As a result, the next day her cherry got busted with a small-size
dildo.  The day after that she started fucking, first for a group of 'paedo'
amateur photos, and four days later she had her first professional
video/still-shot session, screwing not one but three experienced studs!  Carl
showed me the film on a later visit and the sexy kid was grinning from ear to
ear as each guy carefully ejaculated his stuff into her little stretched cunt!]

Watching little kids fucking had me all sexed-up and when I put my fingers to
my cunt it was sopping wet.  As the film went on the two girls increased their
movements and a look of concentration was on both their faces.  With a little
cry of triumph, one girl finally stopped moving and half lay back with the
stud's cock still buried deep in her hairless slit.  A second later the guy
started to groan and spasm as his spunk was pumped into the child, while she
sat on his cock with a smug expression all over her pretty face.  Almost
immediately the other guy grunted and then clung on tightly to his partner's
tiny hips until he'd finished unloading his sperm inside the girl, who kept
giving sly grins across at her friend.

Both girls waited until the director made a signal then, as if in slow motion,
they gradually lifted themselves off the guys' cocks. Assuming a half-squatted
position they reached between their legs, pulled their slits open and smiled at
the camera as the men's spunk dripped slowly from their sex-holes.  After about
fifteen seconds disco music started to play, whereupon the two girls
nonchalantly got up and danced around as if they hadn't been fucked at all, or
couldn't care less their kiddy-cunts were still half-full of sperm!

The music stopped as abruptly as it started, and the girls then lay back on the
sofa with their feet flat on the cushion and legs wide apart. They were joined
by the younger girl who unashamedly opened her own legs in the same pose, and
again the camera began to move in for a close-up view of each girl.  The first
girl's thighs were coated with drying semen, then her face came in focus to
show her grinning widely at the camera as she reached between her thighs and
pulled open her cunt to reveal inside the distended opening still cloyed with
spunk. The camera lingered for some time whilst the girl tried to open herself
more, then moved up and sideways until her friend's face filled the screen.

This girl looked maybe a year older than the other, her expression was of pure
sexual precocity, open mouthed saucy smile with tongue pushed into her cheek,
and the camera kept her face in focus as it panned back to reveal her crotch.
With her hands under her thighs, she had stuck both middle fingers just inside
her hole and was pulling herself wide open and holding that position while
dozens of still photos were taken. Then the screen split vertically with her
face filling the left side and crotch on the right.  As she pulled her slit
open wide I could clearly see thick spunk all the way up to her cervix.  Every
now and then she relaxed briefly to get a better grip, then the saucy smile
would return and she'd tug at her baby-smooth labia to give another crystal
clear view all the way up her cunt.  As I watched, a dribble of cum trickled
out her hole and soaked her ass-crack but, maturely, she kept the pose going
until every last photo-frame had been taken.  I also noticed her inner thighs
were streaked with trails of runny semen where it must've leaked out her cunt
whilst dancing.

In response to something said off-camera this girl then got up on her knees to
lean sideways, took her friend's hands from between her thighs and placed them
around the outside of her legs then proceeded to show the younger kid how to
correctly pull her fuck-hole wide open.  Holding the girl's middle fingers she
pushed them both just inside the child's vagina then pulled down and outwards
and the hole opened up wider than before to reveal a pink tube coated with
spunk all the way up to the eight year-old's winking cervix.  About fifty still
shots were taken in quick-succession, then the camera panned back to show both
kids grinning and pulling faces at the camera.

I was gob-smacked to see a nine year old teaching a younger girl how to hold
her cunt open while it was repeatedly photographed and gasped yet again when
she turned and did the same to the seven year old, only this time it just
revealed the maiden's hymen covering her tiny cock-channel. All the same the
older girl kept pulling at the youngster's fingers over and over to get her
cunt properly open and seemed to be lecturing the infant non-stop until she was
sure the kid had got it right, and all the dated stills had recorded her last
photo-session as a virgin...

The film ended when the three kiddie porno-stars stepped into G-strings, still
with drying spunk trails dribbling down the two older girls' legs, and each was
handed expensive gift-wrapped presents and a handful of cash.  They stood
holding their gifts, waving, laughing at one another and grinning at the camera
whilst each girl's name, age and city of origin was captioned across her naked
tit-less chest.  Then the picture finally faded.

A short sixty second sequence followed showing the two older girls, wearing
just short-cropped tops and cunt-tight lycra hot-pants, with several other
pre-pubescents on what looked like school playing fields. The two porno stars
first took off their shorts and pulled themselves open in front of the others,
then made a play to lift the girls' skirts and get their knickers down while
everyone fell about laughing.  It was obvious the experienced girls were trying
to please the hidden cameraman by exposing the others' cunts and one submissive
kid, instead of trying to resist allowed the older girl to take charge and
manhandle her.  She managed to get the naive kid's hole pulled wide open, but
it turned out she was a giggly virgin with nothing to show except her pink
inner slit. Then the group began to get nervous and they all then ran off
giggling, but by that time the cameraman had secured five hairless slits and
their owners' faces on film for a short feature!

By that time my cunt was sopping and I felt horny as a bitch.  I looked round
at the guys playing with their cocks. "That was fucking amazing!" I exclaimed,
still half-pissed,  "Carl, I didn't know little kids fucked like that!"  My
dress had rode up and I knew everyone could see all my cunt but with all the
pot and booze I couldn't give a shit.  He put on another film then came over
and fucked me on the sofa until I felt his spunk filling me up.  I couldn't
care less I'd fucked two guys already. That evening was something special, one
of those times to let go and to hell with everything else!  Just a part of
growing up I suppose, but I knew it was something I'd never forget!

During the rest of the evening I was fucked several more times, mostly in front
of everyone else so I didn't miss the movies, and after that kiddy-film I
didn't give a shit who watched anyway.  I think there was just one guy who
didn't get in my cunt but I didn't mind 'cos he was no oil painting.  But I
definitely enjoyed being a slag and getting used by different guys, and the
films made everything nice and normal.  Some had kids, some showed lovely
teenage fuck-sluts [like me!] and some featured many beautiful porno-stars in
their twenties.  I got off on all of them, but especially liked the ones which
showed kids younger than me getting cocks stuck up them!  That was a real buzz
and I started wondering how many kids at school were already into fucking...

When the evening finished I cleaned up my crotch a bit then called Jenny to
make sure our story matched.  Two guys gave me a lift home, declined my offer
of a final cock-suck, and dropped me outside the bus station at eleven-thirty.
I'd already decided it was time I started taking more risks, and without even
checking who could see I stood by my locker and changed in public!  I even hung
around for half a minute wearing just my bra and waist-length sweater to show
people kids like me have cunts too! One guy walked up and stroked my bare ass a
couple times but that was all so it was no big deal.  I'd half expected to get
fucked, so feeling a bit cheated but very daring I pedalled home with my bra
undone and top pulled right up to chill my hot tits and get my rosy nipples
hard.  It helped sober me up too, since all the pot and wine was still fucking
my brain!  Some people stared all right but no-one tried to pull me up, and all
the time it felt good pissing in Society's face by daring to be different...

