Summary of the story so far:

   Eighteen year old Jeff has been asked by nine year old Samantha's parents to babysit for her while they are gone for the summer for a business trip.  The first night, Sam gets Jeff to make love to her, and she confesses her longtime crush on him.




Chapter Three - The morning after

When I woke up the next morning, I saw the most beautiful sight.  Samantha was still sleeping, and she looked so angelic.  It was hard to believe this nine-year-old angel had fucked me like an animal the previous night.  I stared at her for a long time, studying her body closely.  I looked her over completely - every curve and every swell.  She was so pretty.  I watched her sleep for at least an hour.  Finally, at around ten a.m., she stirred, waking up.   I smiled at her.  "Good morning sweetheart." I said to her.

"Good morning."  She gave out a moan as she stretched.  God, her body was beautiful as she did.  I could feel my cock start to stiffen as I looked at her.  "Oh goody!  For me?" she asked excitedly.

She grabbed at my hardening cock and quickly got on top of me.  She guided my cock into her already wet pussy and shoved herself down on it in one stroke.  I just let her fuck me through three climaxes of her own before I had my own, flooding her cunt with my cream.  She collapsed on my chest and layed on me for several minutes before I told her we really should get up and get on with the day.  Reluctantly, she agreed.

After a quick morning shower together, we got dressed and decided to go out for breakfast instead of cooking.  Since by this time it was closer to noon, we went out to a local burger joint for lunch.  We had the usual fast food fare: burgers, fries, and cokes.  While we were eating, we started talking about the day's events.

"So, what do YOU want to do today?" I asked her.  "Besides make love all day" I whispered to her.  She giggled and made a pouting face.  "Not today anyway hon.  Another day, ok?"

"Oh, alright.  As long as you promise we'll spend a whole day in bed some day this week and make love all day long." She said.

"I promise.  Scout's honor."  I replied.  "Seriously though, what do you want to go do today?"

"I wanna go to Disneyland!  I've never been there cause mom and dad have always been too busy to take me."  She said quickly.

"Hmmm, Disneyland eh?  That's a heck of a drive from here.  At least 8 hours or more."  I did a little figuring in my head, and thought it over carefully.  "How about this.  If we're gonna down to L.A. to go to Disneyland, we may as well stay for a few days and do a bunch of stuff.  I'll make a few phone calls and make reservations at the Disneyland Hotel, and we can leave on Wednesday morning.  Then we'll stay down there for a whole week, ok?"

Her eyes lit up with this news.  "Yayyyy!!!!!" She clapped her hands together excitedly.  "Jeff, you're the best babysitter ever!"

"Awwwww.  Thanks hon.  Well, after we finish up here, lets go home, and I'll make those phone calls.  Then, we can go for a swim, ok?"

"Ok.  Deal."

So, we finished eating our burgers and went over to her house to go swimming.  Since there was no one around to bother us, and she had a tall fence that no one could peek through, we went skinny dipping.  Seeing her sexy little body in that water had me hard as a rock quickly.  She noticed this immediately, and so she swam up to me and grabbed my cock.

"This must be cold in the water.  Let me warm it up for you."  She said.  With that, she pressed her body up against me and pushed my cock up into her pussy.  "There, nice and warm, isn't it?"

"Oh yes, very warm."  I smiled.  She then proceded to fuck me in the pool.  I was a little nervous, hoping that no one would peek through the fence or come to the back yard and catch us fucking.  But, that tight little pussy around my cock made it difficult for me to worry about anything else but cumming deep in her.  She slid up and down on my cock, the water making her lighter than normal, so she easily bounced around.  After a few minutes of this, we came quickly together, since we were so horny.

"That was good." She said breathlessly after coming down from her climax.  "I needed that."  She smiled up at me, then kissed me deeply, her tongue and mine dueling to see who's tongue would go in who's mouth.  She won. After we broke off the kiss, I looked deep into her eyes and said "I love you Sam."

"I love you too Jeff."  She replied.  I hugged her tight for a long time.  

Finally, we were starting to get a little cold, so we got out of the pool, dried off, got dressed, and wandered back over to my house.  Once there, we watched a little TV, ate dinner, cuddled on the couch, and then went to bed where we made love for a while before falling fast asleep in each other's arms.  We had a busy day ahead of us.

Chapter 4 - The shopping trip

We woke up to the alarm's persistant clamor.  8:00am.  Ugh.  I was half tempted to hit the snooze, but we had a lot to do today, so I knew I had to get us up.  Of course, my cock was up long before I was, but we really didn't have time to make love.  I woke Sam up.

"Sam honey, time to get up sweetheart."  I shook her lightly.  She opened her eyes and gave a little whimper of annoyance from being woke up from her blissful slumber.  "We gotta get moving.  We have a lot to do today."

"Make love to me first."  She wrapped her arms around my neck and smiled at me.  She kissed me deeply, thrusting her tounge in my mouth.  How could I say no?  I climbed on top of her, and slid my cock into her pussy.  She was already wet and horny, but then again, it seemed like she was horny all the time (not that I'm complaining mind you).  We fucked hard for about 15 minutes.  It seemed like she had one constant orgasm the whole time. Finally, with a howl and one last thrust, I came, collapsing on her.  She wrapped her arms around me tight, and kept her legs locked around my ass, not wanting to let me go.  Finally, we got up, took showers (alone, because we couldn't get anything done otherwise), had breakfast, and we were off to the mall.

We stopped at the bank, where I withdrew about $1500, of which a grand of it became traveller's checks.  Better safe than sorry.  The $500 that was left over was for us to go shopping with, which we spent at the mall.

"Jeff?"

"Yes sweetheart?"

"I want to buy some new clothes for the trip, but I don't want to you see what I buy.  I want to surprise you.  Can I go to a couple of stores alone?"

"Well, I shouldn't leave you by yourself, but I promise not to peek while you shop, ok?"

"Ok."

She dragged me to The Gap, The Closet, DEBS, and a myriad of other places.  I didn't know there were so many clothing stores just for girls.  After we spent about $250 on clothes for her, she wanted to stop at one more store.  Fredrick's of Hollywood.  She insisted that I let her go in by herself there.  Reluctantly, I gave in, so I just sat outside the store and waited.  I did get a good look at the salegirl inside.  She was a very well stacked redhead, with very large breasts and a great figure.  Before Sam and I fell in love, the redhead would have raised a hard-on in me in a heartbeat, but instead, I felt nothing.  I admired her beauty, but I didn't get excited.

I sat there for a while, trying not to peek at Sam's shopping, but instead thought about why the salesgirl didn't get a rise out of me.  Could it be that I was a pedophile and didn't know it up until now?  Or was it just that I loved Sam so much, that I didn't care about looking at other women?  I knew that was madly in love with Sam.  I thought about that too.  Was it wrong for me to be in love with such a young girl?  This wasn't your average "I love you like a little kid" kind of love, this was full on, head over heels, I want to be with you forever kind of love.  I started to think about the last couple of days with Sam.  We were making love several times a day.  She was a very lovely young girl, I had to admit, and she was a terrific lover.  Just thinking about her was giving me a tremendous erection.  I had to think about something else so I could get rid of it, or I wasn't going to be standing for a while.  Finally, it went away, just as Sam came out of Fredrick's with a small bag.

"So, what did you buy?" I asked.

"Uh uh uh!  You have to wait until we get to Disneyland to see what I bought.  Believe me, you won't be disappointed."

"Hon, you could never disappoint me." I smiled.  She wrapped her arms around me tight and kissed me deeply, making my cock start to stir again.  Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the salesgirl staring at us in shock.  I broke off the kiss and said, "Come on, let's get out of here before we get in trouble.  The salesgirl is watching us."

"So let her watch, I don't care.  You're my boyfriend, not hers."

"Yes, but if she were to call the cops, then I'll be in jail, and we won't be able to be together anymore."

"Ok, I understand.  I don't want to lose you.  I guess we'll have to be a little more careful in public, huh?"

I smiled at her.  She was pretty smart for her age.  "Yep.  That's right.  We can still kiss, but not like we are lovers.  We'll have to kiss like brother and sister or something like that.  That way we don't raise any suspicions.  Ok?"

"Ok."  She was a little hurt by that, I could tell, but she forced a smile.

"That's my girl" I smiled.  "Now, let's get something to eat and then go home.  I'm horny as hell and want to make love."

"No."

"No?"  I was taken aback.  The last thing I expected to hear was "no".

"No.  I want you to take me home right now and FUCK me!  FUCK me hard!  Then we can eat."

I laughed.  "Ok, you win, we'll fuck instead of making love.  Then we'll order a pizza.  How's that?"

"I thought you'd see it my way" she giggled.

So, we went home, and no sooner did I have the door shut than she was stripped naked, and was taking my clothes off me.  She got down on the floor on her knees, waved her ass at me and said, "come on big boy, give me that cock.  FUCK ME!"  I didn't need any more encouragement.  I got on the floor behind her, and rammed my cock home.  She let out a yell "oh yeah!  Fuck me, fuck meeee."  I fucked her hard and fast till I came with a final thrust.  That triggered her own climax.  She screamed as she came.  We stayed joined like that for several minutes, coming down from our highs from orgasm.   Finally, we separated ourselves and got our clothes on.

"Let's go to my house and go swimming and order a pizza for dinner. Ok?" she said.  It sounded good to me.

"Sure, let's go."  We went over, swam for a couple of hours, had pizza, and then went back to my house.  Where we did the usual watching TV and stuff.

The next day was nothing special.  We just kind of made last minute preparations for our trip and lazed around the house.  She decided that we should spend the entire day in the nude so we could make love whenever we wanted to without hassle.  I figured "what the hell. Why not?", we were alone and we wouldn't be bothered.  I did call her parents on their cell phone to let them know where we were going so they wouldn't get worried if they tried to call and we didn't answer the phone for a week.  They had no problem with it.  In fact, they thought it was a great idea.  Mr. Johnson even put $1500 into the account to cover the cost of our trip!  I told him that he didn't have to do that, but he insisted.  Sam talked to him on the phone and told him that she was having a great time.  It was hard for her to keep from giggling since we were talking to her dad while we were both naked and I was fingering her pussy the whole time.  As soon as she said goodbye and hung up the phone, she jumped me and fucked me for a couple of hours.


End of chapter 4.  Coming soon, Chapter 5 through ????  Jeff and Sam take a trip to the Happiest Place on Earth.

I hope you're enjoying the story so far.  Keep those suggestions coming.  I will consider all suggestions.  I may not use them all, but I will keep them under advisement for this story, or maybe even future stories.


KnightRdr

