Copyright © 1997   KnightRdr.   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.









Greetings everyone.  This is my first attempt at writing an erotic story.  This story is just a work of fiction, so please don't take it literal.  I would NEVER even think of having sex with a girl under the age of 16.  With that said, I am at a block right now, and can't think of a way to continue chapter 3 (there are only three paragraphs written as of right now).  Any comments, suggestions, or whatever would be quite welcome.  Write to me in care of Mr. Double.

Happy Reading,
	KnightRdr


Youthful Seduction

Prologue

Before I begin my tale of sexual exploration, I would like to introduce myself.  My name is Jeffrey.  At the time of this writing, I am a 28 year old man who is in a relationship with an 19 year old girl named Samantha.  You may say this is not too unusual, but we have been lovers for 10 years.  Yes, I was 18 and she was 9 years old.  Let me say now that I did not rape her in any way, nor have I ever harmed her.  I didn't even seduce her.  In fact, I was the one seduced.  This story is to chronicle our relationship and how it all started.  It takes place in the summer of '87, just after I graduated from high school in a small Northern California town.


Chapter one - The first day of summer

I was lying in bed the morning after my high school graduation, mulling over in my head all the possibilities for the summer.  "The parents are going away for the whole summer, so I've got the place to myself.  What am I going to do?  I could spend the summer at the beach checking out the babes.  Maybe I could even get laid.  I may not be a jock, but I'm in fairly decent shape.  I got contact lenses as an 18th birthday gift, so I don't look like a geek any more."  Just then my phone rang.

"Hello?" I said into the phone.

"Jeff?  Hi, this is Mr. Johnson next door.  You know, Samantha's dad?" the voice on the other end said.

"Oh, hi Mr. Johnson!  Is everything ok?  Is Sam alright?"  I was concerned.  Sam was a very cute 9-year-old girl next door.  I babysat for her on numerous occasions, and have always enjoyed it.  She is pleasant to be around, and she isn't stuck on herself like a lot of girls I know.  Why was her dad calling me this early in the morning though?  I began to worry.

"Yes.  Sam is fine.  Don't worry."  He laughed a little.  "What I'm calling so early about is this.  I have just been offered the chance to take a business trip and vacation combined for the whole summer.  My wife is going with me, however I can't take Sam.  I could send Sam to her Aunt's house over in Utah, but she doesn't want to go.  I know this is your summer after graduation, so I am a little hesitant to ask you this, but Sam insisted I call you.  Would you be willing to take care of Sam for the summer for me?  We would pay you very well, and it would be a very big favor to us.  Also, " he said chuckling softly "I think she has a crush on you."

I was a little taken aback.  The last thing I had in mind was baby-sitting for the summer, but I could use the money, and I did like Sam.  I quickly thought it over.

"Sure Mr. Johnson.  I'll do it.  In fact, I was just lying here thinking about what to do for the summer.  My parents are away for the whole summer over in Florida with family, so it will be nice to have some company."

"Great!  We have to leave right away, so if you don't mind, I'll send Sam over with a packet of stuff for you.  It will have the house keys, a list of phone numbers of our family members in case of an emergency, my cell phone and pager numbers, and an ATM card with the PIN for a private checking and savings account.  The savings account is for you as your payment for watching Sam.  Is $5000 enough?  If not, I can put more in there for you."  He said.

I was shocked.  Five thousand dollars!  Wow!  That's a lot of money to baby-sit for the summer.  I could buy a lot with that much money. "No sir, that's fine."

"Ok, but I may throw in a little extra from time to time for you.  The checking account is for you and Sam.  Use it for food, entertainment, and emergencies.  The bills have already been taken care of so you don't have to worry about that.  Just enjoy the summer with her.  I really appreciate this.  You're welcome to stay at our house, or Sam can stay there with you if you want.  Work that out between you two.  Again, thanks.  Sam will be there in 15 minutes."

"It's my pleasure, Mr. Johnson.  I like Sam, so I have no problem doing this for you.   I am still in bed, so I'm going to go jump in the shower.  Just tell her to walk in.  I'll unlock the front door for her so she can get in."

"Ok Jeff.  Will do.  Thanks again!"  He hung up the phone.

"Wow.  $5000!"  I thought to myself.  I jumped up out of bed, unlocked the door, and got in the shower.  While I was waking up the rest of the way with the steaming hot water, I felt a sudden cold breeze as Sam opened the bathroom door.

"Hi Jeff!  I'm here!  The packet is on the kitchen counter.  What are we going to do today?"  She said, excitedly.

"Hi Sam.  Well, first of all, you're going to let me finish taking my shower.  Then I need to make some breakfast.  After that, I don't know yet.  We'll figure that out while I'm eating."

"Oh, ok!'

 She bounded out the room, closing the door fast, making another gust of wind. I finished my shower, went back to my room to get dressed, and went out into the kitchen.  I was surprised to see that Sam had made breakfast for the both of us.  There was bacon, eggs, toast, juice, and milk on the table.

"I hope you don't mind, but I didn't have the chance to eat yet either, so I made breakfast for both of us."  She looked at me looking for acceptance.

"Thank you Sam." I smiled.  "It all looks so good.  Let's eat."

Before I could sit down though, she ran up to me and gave me a big hug.  When I reached down to hug her back, she gave me a kiss on the lips.  Not too long, but, not a quick one, either.  I was a little surprised by it, but I didn't let it get to me.  Her dad did say she had a crush on me.  I just shrugged it off.

"This is going to be the greatest summer ever!" she said as she hugged me tight.  I had no idea at the time how right she was.

We sat down, ate breakfast, and outlined the summer activities.  We never made any set plans, other than to go swimming every day.  She had an in-ground pool in her back yard.  As for the rest of the summer, we'd just take it as it came.  We decided that she would spend the nights at my house so it would be like a vacation for her too.  We would spend the days between both houses as the day went on.  So, we went to her house, got some clothes for her, and moved her in to my house.  She wanted to sleep with me, since I had such a big bed - it was a king size bed - and didn't want to sleep alone in a strange house.  I thought about it carefully.  I told her I could get into a lot of trouble if anyone found out, so I didn't think it would be a good idea.  She promised not to tell anyone.  She really wanted to sleep in my bed with me.  I figured that I probably wasn't going to get laid anyway that summer, so I agreed to let her sleep with me.  She jumped up and down excitedly.  I began to wonder if this was such a good idea.


Chapter Two - The first night

Later that evening, we rented a few videos and settled down on the couch to watch them together.  Sam had already changed into her nightshirt, and I was in a T-shirt and loose fitting shorts.  As we watched the first tape - some horror movie that was popular at the time - she started to move closer.  Eventually, she was snuggled up to me with my arm around her.  At first, I didn't think anything unusual about it, but I noticed her hand was high on my thigh, just under the hem of my shorts.  Her hand was so soft, so warm there.  My heart started to pound as I realized I was getting an erection!  I was hoping she wouldn't notice it.  I started to feel like a pervert.  Here I was an 18-year-old guy, getting a hard-on for a nine-year-old girl!  I made a mental note to slip off into the bathroom later and jerk off while she is asleep.  She looked up at me and asked "Jeff, Do you have a girlfriend?"

"No, I don't.  Why do you ask?"

"Oh, no reason.  Just wondering I guess.  Have you ever kissed a girl?"

"Other than my mom or family, no, I haven't"

"Would you like to kiss me?"

"Do you want me to kiss you?" I asked, not knowing exactly what was going through her head at the moment.

"Yes.  I do.  I want you to kiss me Jeff."

I bent my head down to kiss her.  She had already lifted her head to meet mine.  Our lips touched for a few moments.  I tried to end the kiss, but she wrapped her arms around my neck, holding me to her.  I didn't fight it, but in the back of my mind I knew this wasn't right.  Our kiss became warmer as we went on.  She opened her mouth a little, and I felt her tongue touch my lips.  I opened my mouth and she quickly pushed her tongue into it.  She was frenching me!  A nine-year-old girl was French kissing me!  I lost control.  My cock started jerking and I came in my shorts.  She broke off the kiss.

"Are you ok?  Did I do something wrong?" she asked.  She looked worried.

"No sweetheart.  I'm ok.  You didn't do anything wrong."  I replied, hoping I wouldn't have to explain what happened.

"You had an orgasm, didn't you?"  She said excitedly.

"How do you know about that?"

"I read a book about it.  I also play with my pussy at night, so I get them too."

I was a little shocked.  I didn't expect her to know about orgasms, and I CERTAINLY didn't expect her to play with herself!  I just shook my head and smiled.  I knew then that I was going to have an interesting summer, and maybe get laid after all!

"Sam, I think it's time we went to bed."  I said.

She jumped up off the couch excitedly and practically dragged me to the bedroom.  I left a nightlight on in the room, hoping I could catch a glimpse of her body naked.  As it turned out, I didn't need to hope.  She pulled off her nightshirt and panties.

"Aren't you going to get naked, too?"  She asked, looking disappointed.

I looked at her naked body for a moment.  She was about 5 feet tall, compared to my 5'11".  She had red hair, green eyes, and pale skin with a light covering of freckles.  She had no pubic hair, and for breasts, she had a slight swelling, with perky nipples that were poking straight out.  Her ass and legs were perfect too.  Overall, I had to rate her as a perfect "10" even though she was only nine years old.

"Of course I am," I said as I stripped off my shirt and shorts.  "I was just stunned at your beauty."  I smiled.

She beamed at me.  "You really think I'm beautiful?  I was afraid you wouldn't like me cause I'm so little and I don't have any boobs yet."

"You are perfect Sam.  Just perfect." I said as I picked her up in my arms and laid her in the bed.  Then I lied down in the bed next to her.  I stroked her leg and side with my hand as she looked at me and smiled.  I knew what I had to do.  I kissed her warmly on the lips.  I let my hand slide down to her pussy lips.  I gently ran my finger up and down her slit.  She was already wet.  I slipped my finger inside her pussy.  She was very tight.  I slipped it in farther, looking for her hymen, but I never found it.  I sunk my finger in all the way to the hilt, and I never felt it.  She must have lost it riding her bicycle or something.

"Ohhhhhhh" she moaned.

I then kissed her neck and her little breasts, sucking on her nipples.  I kissed down her tight little tummy.  Then I reached her pussy.  I slid my tongue over her clit.  As soon as I did that, she started cumming.

"Ohhhhhhh gooooooooooooooddddddddddd!!!!!!  I'm cummmmmmming!!!"  She screamed as she thrashed about with my finger buried in her tight little pussy.  After she settled down, I pulled my finger out of her.  She looked at me with disappointment now that her pussy was empty.

"Can you put your thing in me?  I want to feel it.  I want us to 'do it'" she asked.

"Are you sure? It might hurt you.  My dick is a lot bigger than my finger."

"I don't care.  I want it!"

I just shrugged and said, "Ok sugar.  If you're sure."

She spread her legs open wide for me as I climbed over her body.  My cock was rock hard now, and it was dripping with pre-cum.  I spread it over the head to get it slick.  I also squeezed the head to make it smaller so it would go in her easier.  I guided my cock at her opening, gently pushing it in.  Even as wet as she was, she was still very tight.  I barely got the head in when I heard her grunt.

"Ooofff!"  She said

"Are you alright?  Do you want me to take it out?"

"NO!  Don't take it out!" she shouted.  "I'm alright.  It's just bigger than I expected that's all.  Please, fuck me.  I want you.  I love you."

I pushed my cock in farther.  Slowly, I kept pushing it in until I was in all the way.  Finally, my balls were resting against her ass.  She raised her legs and wrapped them around me, digging her heels into my butt, pushing me as deep into as I could go.

"Oh god, my pussy feels so stuffed.  Let me get used to it for a minute."  I held still for a minute so she could get used to my cock deep inside her.  I did flex my cock inside her a little though, making her squeal in delight.

"Umm...That feels good.  Now, fuck me!"

I slowly started pulling my cock out of her pussy, making sure only to go halfway out.  I didn't want to slip out. I pushed it back in.  She started moaning again.  I started moving a little faster in her, loving the feeling of how tight her pussy was.  Soon, I was sawing my cock in and out of her.  My balls were slapping against her ass.  She was so tight, I could tell I was going to cum soon again, even though I had just cum a short time ago.  She started thrashing under me.  Her hips moved up to meet each of my strokes.  Just as I felt the cum welling up in my balls, she started wailing and howling.

"I'm cumming!  Oh god I'm cumming!" she yelled.

As she came, her pussy contractions set me off.  I flooded her insides with jism.  I kept fucking her as we both came.  Our combined juices spilled out of her, making a foamy mess.  Finally, we stopped fucking.  I didn't pull out of her as I kissed her.  She responded to the kiss by sucking my tongue into her mouth.  My cock didn't get soft, so I wrapped my arms around her, and managed to roll over, pulling her on top of me while staying inside her.

She sat up on me, pushing my cock into her deeper than it ever went before.  She started rocking her hips, making my cock drive in and out of her.  I put my hands on her tiny hips. As she fucked me, I could see pure lust in her eyes, and they were glazed over as she came again and again.  I gave one final hard thrust upward, driving my cock deep into her as I came again.  She collapsed on top of me, keeping my cock buried in her.  It was still hard as a rock, but I was too tied to fuck her any more.  I put my arms around her and held her close to me.  She kissed me deeply and smiled.

As she lay there on top of me, I looked in her eyes again, this time seeing something different than lust.  I saw love.  Pure love.  She loved me.  She was in love with me.  As much as I knew it was wrong, I loved her too.  I was in love with a nine-year-old girl.  She sighed and said "Jeff, I love you.  I've loved you ever since you first babysat me when I was 5 years old.  Ever since I saw mommy and daddy making love I knew I would make love to you someday.  That's why when they had to go on that business trip I wanted to have you watch me.  I wanted you.  I hope you aren't mad at me."

"Oh sweetheart.  I love you too.  I couldn't be mad at you for this.  I'm glad you wanted me to watch you."  I replied.  I held her tightly to me and kissed her again.

She laid her head on my chest, and fell asleep quickly.  Poor thing, she was worn out from our lovemaking.  Actually, so was I.  I held on to her and fell asleep too, my cock still buried in her pussy.  That's the way we stayed all night.

Chapter Three - The morning after

When I woke up the next morning, I saw the most beautiful sight.  Samantha was still sleeping, and she looked so angelic.  It was hard to believe this nine-year-old angel had fucked me like an animal the previous night.  I stared at her for a long time, studying her body closely.  I looked her over completely - every curve and every swell.  She was so pretty.  I watched her sleep for at least an hour.  Finally, at around ten a.m., she stirred, waking up.   I smiled at her.  "Good morning sweetheart." I said to her.

"Good morning."  She gave out a moan as she stretched.  God, her body was beautiful as she did.  I could feel my cock start to stiffen as I looked at her.  "Oh goody!  For me?" she asked excitedly.

She grabbed at my hardening cock and quickly got on top of me.  She guided my cock into her already wet pussy and shoved herself down on it in one stroke.  I just let her fuck me through three climaxes of her own before I had my own, flooding her cunt with my cream.  




Well, that's it for now.  If you have any suggestions as where this story can go from here, I'd love to hear them.

KnightRdr











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....