Copyright (c) 1997  The Story Teller.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


"The Young Muggers"

Chapter 3

Written by The Story Teller


Peter was excited that I was asking him about what we should do about the kids
upstairs. He knew what each of them liked and most of their individual sexual
fantasies. Over a period of time, each of them had confided in Peter about their
fantasies but didn't particularly want the others to know, as they might feel
embarrassed about it. He explained all this to me.
"So how are we going to go about it?" I asked.
"Well." Jamie continued, "I have this idea about playing a game where we are the
Masters and they are our pawns. Perhaps we could use some playing cards and each
of them will take it in turn to turn over a card from the pack and place it in
front of them. When two players have the same card value in front of them, you
know like 'Snap', then those two players have to fulfil some act that we the
Masters set for them."
"Sounds good to me," I replied. "You know what they want so you can set the
tasks if you like."
"Okay with me."
We both went upstairs and entered the bedroom. What a sight, all those naked
young bodies!
"Okay," I said, "Listen carefully." They all stood up and listened eagerly as I
explained what was going to happen next. I didn't tell them that they were about
to fulfil some of their personal fantasies as we decided that we could hide that
fact from them. Each would think that it was pure coincidence that one of their
own personal fantasies had been fulfilled. They all sat on the floor in a circle
and a double pack of cards were placed in front of them. Obviously the idea of
the game that I'd outlined to them had excited some of them as I could see some
rather erect cocks around the room. Even Sam's nipples were standing proud in
anticipation.
They took in turns taking cards off the pack and placing them in front of them.
After a few turns, Jason turned over a two of spades and that matched Gary's two
of hearts. 
"Okay," said Peter. "I command that the two of you position yourselves in the
middle of the circle in a '69' position." Gary looked at Peter for clarification
of what a '69' position was but before he could say anything Jason grabbed his
arm and moved him to the centre of the circle and pushed him gently down on his
back on the floor. Jason knew what he was doing and laid on top of Gary so that
his face was inline with his cock. He arched his back slightly so as to bring
his own cock inline with Gary's mouth. "I want you to suck each others cocks
until each of you has a mouthful of cum. Neither of you should swallow the cum.
When you have both finished I want you to show us Masters that you still have
the cum in your mouth. Okay now get stuck into it!"
They both did as they were told while the group watched every move. It was
obvious that Jason came first and that Gary was holding a large amount of cum in
his mouth. When he finally came himself, he nearly choked on the cum but he was
determined not to swallow it. They both got up and walked over to Peter and
myself.
"Don't swallow it mind," Peter told them. "Now open your mouths and show us that
you each have a mouthful of cum!" They both did as they were told and then Peter
said to them, "Okay that's fine. Now I want the two of you to French kiss and to
mix all that cum together and then, and only when I tell you, you can both
swallow!" They began to kiss each other and everyone in the room could hear the
cum squishing about between their mouths. Both were having trouble breathing and
Peter was watching with a wicked look on his face and just when I thought I
would have to overrule him, Peter said, "And swallow." The boy's lips parted and
they both swallowed immediately. "Okay you can sit back down" They were still
trying to get their breath as they rejoined the circle.
The game continued until Darren and James had the same cards. "Darren," asked
Peter, "Do your parents ever see you without your clothes on?"
"No." replied Darren.
"Are you sure?"
"Absolutely!"
"Okay!" Peter turned to me and whispered in my ear. What Peter was telling me
raised a little smirk from face as I got up and went into the bathroom. I
returned with a shaver in my hand and handed it to James. Darren soon realised
what was happening. Peter turned to James and said, "I don't think it's fair
that Darren has all that hair around his cock and navel, do you? I want you to
make him the same as yourself, totally hairless. Use the beard trimmer on the
shaver to cut off all his hair from around his cock and right up to and around
his belly button. When you've finished that I want you to use the shaver head
and remove any surplus hair so that he's totally smooth!"
Darren was well developed in the pubic hair region and it was thick, black and
bushy. James had a smile on his face as he set about cutting it. Fortunately,
the shaver had been serviced recently and it was cutting well with too much
pulling of hair. As James got to Darren's balls, a couple of times the beard
trimmer got to close to the loose skin and it cut the skin. Peter immediately
told James that he had to suck Darren's balls until it stopped bleeding. When
James had run the shaver head all over Darren's bare skin, Darren was smooth and
hairless like a baby's bottom. "Well done James," said Peter, "You've done a
good job and you can sit back down. Darren, I haven't finished with you yet. I
want you to go to each player in turn and let them play with your newly bare
cock! When you've done that then you can sit back down." Darren went from player
to player and each had a chance to fondle his hairless cock. He went slightly
red when he had to let Samantha play with his cock and even more so when she
noticed a globule of cum on the tip of his crown and she licked it off with her
tongue. 
The game continued until Samantha and Darren's cards matched. Peter pulled out a
condom and went over to Darren and pulled it over his cock and said, "I want the
two of you to lay down in the centre of the circle and let the rest of us watch
you fuck. I want to inspect the condom when you've finished and it better be
full!" Darren and Samantha fucked in front of us all and fair enough when they'd
finished, Darren's condom was full of cum. His newly shaved pubes had obviously
made him feel good because his orgasm was reached in under a minute. "You hang
on there for minute," Peter said to Darren. "Jason you're next! I want you to
fuck Samantha just like Darren did and the same rules apply!" Peter put a condom
on his eager cock. Peter knew that Samantha had always dreamed of being gang
banged and she was now getting what she wanted. After Jason had finished, Peter
made Darren clean up his cock by licking it. Each of the boys took it in turn to
fuck Samantha and each time Darren had to clean them up. Peter then placed a
condom on his own cock and was soon fucking her as well and then not long after
I was following suit.
>From then on, the cards were dispensed with and Peter just chose who was going
to do what. The next task he set was for all the boys to line up so that their
hands were on each other's shoulders and then into a circle. Each of the boy's
arms were tied together so that you had a circle of boys with their bums facing
outwards. Samantha got into the middle of the circle and played and sometimes
gently sucked on each of the boy's cocks until each had an erection. This wasn't
easy as they'd all just had an orgasm and will still recovering. Once she was
happy that they all had a good erection she stopped touching them. It was then
for Peter and myself to spank and whip each boy who Samantha told us was loosing
his erection. She was allowed to help by squeezing their nipples but wasn't
allowed to touch their cocks. This went on for about 15 minutes and each of them
was having trouble keeping their cocks up and each had red skin on their back
and buttocks where we had been hitting them. After a while we realised that they
couldn't take any more but as we were about to untie them, Samantha asked us
quietly if she could fulfil another fantasy. She explained what she wanted and
we agreed. We placed a tick blanket underneath the boys feet and Samantha laid
down in the middle of the circle.
"I want you all to start peeing on the count of three! I know it's not easy but
I want to try and get your piss to land on Samantha. 1...2...3!"
The boys all started to pee over Samantha. Considering that none of the boys
have been for pee since they arrived, all of them were fairly desperate to
relieve themselves and Samantha was being drenched in their piss. She was
obviously enjoying it and she was opening her mouth and trying to drink some it.
By the time the last they had all emptied their bladders she was totally soaked.
We untied the boys and I then picked up Samantha bodily and carried her into the
bathroom and placed her under the shower. I enjoyed soaping her down and I made
sure I didn't miss a bit of her!

Time had finally beaten us and it was time for the kids to go home. We chatted
as they all dressed and everybody agreed that they enjoyed the day and wanted to
do it again. Samantha told me that she was free tomorrow afternoon and was it
okay if she came over and had a one to one session with me. I naturally agreed.
Gary said that he could come over on Monday evening for a couple of hours for a
one to one. They all jumped on the idea and booked an evening with me, which
meant I was going to busy all through the week. Then on Saturday we're all going
to meet up again in the woods where I was mugged last week. I was a bit nervous
about the suggestion that a few of them had more friends that would probably be
interested in joining in but agreed that they were all sensible enough to
protect our little group and wouldn't jeopardise it. 

So my calendar is pretty full and I still got Peter for the night!

To be continued...



