Copyright © 1997, The Story Teller.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.








THE STORY TELLER

Chapter 5

SUNDAY

It's just after 1pm and we've just arrived at Brazier Pass. The kids have
unloaded the mini buses of all their kit. Colin has just wished us all the best
and has set off back towards home. The kids are pretty excited in anticipation
of the week ahead of them. So am I! 
Jeff and I had talked at length about some of the proposed activities. We had
agreed that he would be the ultimate boss and I was his backup being the only
other adult. Our plans had been slightly upset when one of the boys backed out
due to illness and we were now one short. After a quick discussion I agreed to
take the boy's place and that I was to be no other than one of the kids and
would be treated the same. Obviously I would still be at hand should Jeff need
me to control a situation should it arise. At first I was a little disappointed
that I wasn't going to share the command of all these kids but I soon began to
like the idea that I was going to join in the fun that was so exciting the other
kids.
Jeff got us all to group together with our kit on our backs. The older boys,
including myself, had to carry extra equipment such as the mess tent and
equipment. It was quite a weight and I wasn't used to carrying it on my back.
Jeff led us through the forest and out of the other side. This was no mean feat
as the forest was about 2 miles in length. When Jeff told us to take a break we
were glad to shed the weight off our backs and to crash out on the ground. The
last few days have been very sunny and hot and according to the weather forecast
it was set to continue. Although the trees in the forest had shielded us from
direct sunlight it was very humid.
"Okay listen up you lot," Jeff called out. "We're now out of reach of
civilisation!" Everybody cheered. Jeff continued. "We've still got a long way to
go yet, probably another five or six miles or more. Before we set off again you
can have a little rest and listen to what I have to tell you. I'm going to split
you off in pairs. I will call out your names and tell you who your partner's
going to be..." 
Jeff continued to call out our names. As he went through the list it was obvious
that he was pairing us in a non-random method. Firstly, each pair would have one
of the older kids paired with one of the younger kids. Likewise the girls were
paired according to their main sexual preference and some were paired with each
other and others with one of the boys. I was paired with a boy called Simon, a
young lad with blonde hair that I didn't know. I was to find out that he was
eleven. He looked interesting. He had a cute little face surrounded with masses
of bushy blonde hair. The top of his shirt was unbuttoned and I took a little
peek at his chest and was quite excited at the prospect of seeing more of him.
He too gave me the once over but showed little interest. Time will tell as they
say. 
"Okay settle down," Jeff continued. "So now you know who your partners are.
Although during the course of the week you may be parted from your partner, I
want you to look out for each other's welfare. I guess you'll probably already
worked out that I've paired you according to age. I've worked it out so that
there is a minimum of 3 years between each of you. To make my life easier the
youngest of the pair will be called the 'Junior' and the other one will be
called the 'Senior'. If you're a junior and you have a problem then you should
talk to your senior. If your senior then you should approach me or if I'm not
available then approach Dave. You seniors should take this responsibility
seriously and I trust you on this. I appreciate that you won't always be able to
look after you junior so there are a few other rules that you must all follow."
He opened a bag of whistles, which were attached to coloured ribbons and handed
them out. "I want each of you to wear one of these whistles around your neck.
The juniors should wear the red ones and the seniors the green ones. The purpose
of these is twofold. Firstly if you are in any danger and need assistance then
use the whistle and give two short blows at regular intervals. If it's a life or
death situation then give 3 blows. Misuse of the whistle at anytime will cause
you to be punished. Secondly, the coloured ribbons will indicate to others
whether you are a junior or a senior. This is important as I forbid any junior
to be alone outside the encampment, when we get there, unless accompanied by a
senior. Any seniors will then be responsible for any juniors that are with them.
Please note seniors that this doesn't mean that they are your slaves and that
you can order them about! You are only responsible for their safety. Misuse of
your position will be punished. Likewise you juniors will be punished if you are
caught unaccompanied outside the encampment. Anybody caught not wearing their
whistle accept when they're in their tent will also be punished. Remember that
my decision is final and you must all obey my commands at all times without
argument. There are a lot of you and I am responsible for keeping you in order.
I don't want to spoil your fun but I expect discipline at all times. This is for
everybody's sake. You can expect me to be quite harsh on those who don't conduct
themselves in the proper manner. Okay that's enough about the rules for now as
time's getting on. As we won't be stopping again until we reach the site and
we're going to be exposed to the sun most of the way I think it would be a good
idea if you all strip down to your underwear. Girls it's up to you whether you
remove your bras. Before you all start undressing I want to stress that this is
not the time to get sexual in anyway and I expect you to control yourselves. Be
warned! Once you have undressed I want you all to put on the suntan lotion that
I asked you all to bring. Get your partners to help put it on and make sure all
your exposed skin is well covered."
I watched young Simon as he took his shirt off. What a lovely little body he
has. Not a whisper of hair anywhere, not even under his arms. When he took his
trousers off he revealed his perfectly smooth legs. He was wearing a pair of
boxer shorts and I was trying to imagine what he would look like without them. I
was convinced that he probably had a hairless cock as well.
"Will you rub my suntan lotion in for me?" Simon said to me.
"Of course I will," I replied.
I rubbed the rather oily lotion all over his body. As I was rubbing the oil into
the top of his legs I couldn't help but notice the tip of his cock just
protruding from underneath one of the legs of his rather baggy shorts. My hand
seemed to lose control of itself and my fingers disappeared under his shorts.
"What do you think you are doing?" shouted Jeff directly at me.
I felt my cheeks redden. It was like a teacher catching me doing something I
shouldn't back in my schooldays. I didn't know what to say.
"I warned you!" he continued. "I didn't want any sexual activity and you've
disobeyed me. Your punishment will be that you'll strip completely and from now
on you'll wear nothing but your walking boots."
I looked directly at him. Surely he wasn't going to embarrass me this early on.
He stared back at me and his eyes told me that it wasn't a good idea to
challenge his order. He had to have discipline and he was using me as an
example. I did as he ordered and stripped. There was a woof whistle from one of
the kids.
"Who did that?" Jeff demanded. There was no answer. "I'll ask again. Who did
that?" Still there was no answer. "Okay then I was hoping to have some honesty.
Graham come here!" A tallish but skinny lad approached us. "It was you wasn't
it? I saw you out of the corner of my eye."
"Yes, Sir," was the reply.
"Okay the you can strip as well!" Jeff turned to an older boy called Justin, a
tubby boy of fifteen. "As you are his senior and you didn't tell me that it was
him then you can strip as well!"
There was now three of us who were stark naked and while the rest of the group
watched with interest, none of them dared to say anything or to even smile.
"Let this be a warning to all of you. I will have discipline. Now hurry up and
get your kits together. We've got a long trek ahead of us."
The group assembled themselves and we started off once again. The next couple of
hours or so was hard work. I wasn't use to walking long distances especially
naked. Jeff led the group and I took up the rear. It was my job to make sure
that we didn't lose anybody. As I was naked I was glad that I was at the back. I
let Graham and Justin walk with me. During the long trek a couple of arguments
broke out and Jeff dealt with them. By the time we finally got to the site Sue,
Lucy and my Peter had joined us. They too had to strip and were walking naked.
That last couples of miles were difficult as all the boys including myself had
constant erections.
Jeff told us all how we were to set up the camp and where each pair was to site
their tent. "Those of you on punishment can set up the mess tent," Jeff ordered.
He told the rest of the group that as soon as they had set up their tent they
could have a rest or sleep. Those of us on punishment had to carry on working.
The two girls started getting the groups supper sorted while we set up the rest
of the communal equipment under the supervision of Jeff.  Thankfully, the sun
was beginning to set and it was beginning to cool down.
Later on that evening we were all sitting in the mess tent having our supper.
Those of us on punishment have to serve the others with food and drink. By the
way we will still naked. The rest of the group was now fully clothed. They were
laughing and joking at our expense and Jeff was letting them enjoy themselves.
After all this was a holiday and the kids were here to enjoy themselves but he'd
managed to instil that they had to behave or they would be punished. A job he'd
done well but at my expense. 
After everybody had eaten Jeff once again spoke to the whole group. "Well folks
I think it's time we all turned in. It's been a long day. Before we do I want to
cover a few points. First off for the next 24 hours we're going to play a
master-slave game. The seniors are going to be the masters and the juniors are
going to be the slaves." A rumble could be heard from the juniors. "Quieten down
now. We'll reverse the roles later on so you juniors will have your chance. Now
here are a few ground rules. Don't forget what I said earlier today about
juniors being off the camp without a senior. Masters, basically anything goes
but there are a few limitations. No slave should be beaten or forced to endure
real pain. For the slaves protection he or she may use the words 'Time Out' and
you, as the master, must stop whatever your doing to the slave. At that point
the master-slave relationship stops for a moment and the two of you should
discuss what caused the 'Time Out' command. If you can agree between yourselves
then you can continue with the relationship. If not then you should cease that
action until such time as you can refer the problem to me. I will then decide if
the action was warranted or not. I must warn you that either party may be
punished if I think that a wrong has been committed by one of the party's. So
it's up to you to sort out your own problems wherever possible. When I
interviewed you individually, before we left you all, you all indicated that you
are happy to drink piss but most of you told me that you weren't happy about
eating shit. To make it fair on everybody then forcing your slave to eat shit is
a no-no. Lastly, this particular game is on a one-to-one basis and no slave
swapping will be allowed. A slave is not obliged to take orders from anybody
else accept from his or her master or of course me. During the day tomorrow you
will be permitted to leave the camp but you shouldn't wander more than about a
mile from the camp. One other thing, as you already know you are responsible for
your own food during the day and only at supper are you obliged to eat
communally. Slaves may or may not be given food as you so wish. However, they
must be allowed to eat at supper and you should see that they are given
something to drink every hour during the day. By the way during supper tomorrow
the slaves will continue to be slaves until after supper has finished. Before
you all go off to bed I'd like all those on punishment to line up in front of
you all."
We lined up in front of everybody. It was very embarrassing.
"I think most of you have got the message about discipline and rules. This lot
here have fulfilled their punishments once they have done the washing up!
Believe me they have got off lightly. Now off to bed with you all and have fun.
Good night."
After I had helped to wash up after supper I went to my tent where my slave
Simon was waiting. I unzipped the tent door and climbed in. Simon was in his
sleeping bag and was fast asleep. He looked so peaceful and I was totally bushed
myself, so I decided to let him sleep. I climbed into my sleeping bag and within
moments I was asleep myself.

MONDAY

"Master," said Simon as he gave me a little shake. "Master its morning."
"What time is it?" I said trying to wake myself up. It took me few moments to
co-ordinate myself and to work out where I was. Then I remembered. 
"Just after six."
"SIX!"
"I'm sorry Sir. After last night and my failure to stay awake I thought you'd
like to rise early so that I can make it up to you. I was feeling a little home
sick last night but I'm okay now. I accept that you'll want to punish me for
last. In the meantime, my master, would it please you if I undressed for you?"
"Yes, that would be nice," I replied. The tent we have is a bell type and it's
just over five and half feet high in the centre and just tall enough for Simon
to stand up. I sat myself up and continued. "I'd like you to stand up and
undress really slowly. No, on second thoughts I'd like to undress you. First of
all kneel down by here." I pointed to a spot just in front of me. His legs had
to straddle my body.
"Is this right, master?"
"Yes that's fine," I said as I run my fingers through his blonde hair. I let my
hands run down his neck and onto his shoulders. His shoulders were quite broad
for his age. My hands run down the front of his chest down to his stomach and
then back up to the top button of his shirt. I undid the button and then the
next until I'd undone all the buttons. I peeled back his shirt to reveal his
hairless chest and stomach. There's something about a hairless body that makes
it so wonderful to just run your fingers up and down its length. His skin was
like silk and nicely tanned. I peeled his shirt further back until it slid down
his arms and left his body.
"Do you like what you see?" he said to me.
"Yes," I replied. "Your lovely."
"Would you like to take my trousers off?"
"Sure would. I'd like you to stand up for this."
He did as he was told and stood up in the middle of the tent. I got out of my
sleeping bag and kneeled in front of him."
"Hands on your head," I said to him and he responded.
I run my hands over his buttocks. My hands slowly moved around over his crotch.
I gave it a gentle squeeze but surprised to feel quite a packet. The excitement
soon died down when I realised that it was probably his boxer shorts being
crumpled up in the front. I undid the clasp at the top of his trousers and slid
the zip of his fly down. Pushing my hands inside his trousers and working them
around to his hips his trousers slid to the ground. He stepped out of them. He
still had the same baggy shorts on as he'd had on yesterday. I resisted the
temptation this time of finding his cock through the leg and instead placed my
hands up each leg and squeezed his buttocks. I was trying to savour the moment
and resisting the urge to rip his shorts off straight away. The anticipation of
seeing his hairless cock for the first time was stirring wonderful reactions in
my own pants.
"Turn around," I ordered and he obliged. I thought I'd save his cock for the
very last. I placed my hands on his hips and let my fingers slip just under the
waistband of his shorts and forced his shorts down to the floor. Once again he
stepped out of them. His arse looked wonderful in the orange light coming
through the canvas of the tent. It was well formed and slightly protruding. This
is the kind of bum I like. I hate people with flat bums!
"Would like to see my cock, master?" he asked.
Well the time was nigh. I couldn't put off the moment any longer. At long last I
was going to see this boy's little piece of meat.
"Okay turn around and let me see you in all your glory!"
"Before I do, my master, I must warn you that I'm not at my best. I'm afraid
it's still limp but I'm sure it'll grow soon." He said sheepishly.
"Not to worry," I said. "Let's see it anyway!"
With a fast movement the boy swung his body around and faced me.
"Fuck me!" was the only words I could find. This boy was hung like a fucking
bull! Gone was the idea of a hairless cock. This kid had a bush of hair all
around his manhood and what a manhood it was. I thought I was reasonably well
blessed but this made me feel almost inadequate. Even though it was limp and
pointing downward it was probably about six inches in length. Heaven knows what
length it'll grow to when it's erect! How can a seemingly underdeveloped boy of
eleven possibly have a piece of meat of this size?
"Do you like it, master?" he asked.
"I'm speechless to be honest!" I replied. "How is it possible?"
"My surname is James," he said.
Then it dawned on me. James is the doctor's name. This was the doctor's son.
"Did your dad have anything to do with this?"
"Yes. He's been working on an organ-enhancing drug for a few years. It didn't
work on him and he didn't know why. He asked me a couple of years ago whether I
would try the treatment and I volunteered. That's how I got this. It does work
but he's still trying to find out why it worked on me but not on him."
"That is something," I said. I had a little play with his super cock. It was
like any other cock but just BIG! "To be honest I'd like to see that thing when
it's erect but I think I'll save that pleasure for later. I got to go for pee
first. I'm bursting."
"Would it please my master if he used me as a toilet?"
"It would that," I said. 
"May I have your permission to unclothe your penis so that I may drink your
urine?"
"You have my permission."
He undid the top of my trousers and slid my fly down. My trousers fell to the
ground. He pulled the front of my shorts down and picked up my cock and offered
it towards his mouth.
"Please master, I have never done this before so could you please pee slowly so
that I have a chance to swallow?"
"Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Yes master."
He put the end of my cock into his mouth and I began to relieve my bladder. I
was desperate but I tried my best to piss slowly and occasionally stopping so
that he could swallow. Every time I paused I could hear him gulp as he swallowed
the mouthful of urine that I'd injected into him. I reckon he must have
swallowed about 20 mouthfuls.
"Okay?" I asked him.
"Yes sir. It tastes a little bitter but it's okay. I'm happy to do it again."
"Fair enough. From now on you can be my toilet! Before we go any further I'm
gasping for a coffee and I guess you could do with one as well to take away the
bitter taste of my urine. You've been a good slave so far so I guess you can
have a coffee and something to eat. I fancy some toast for breakfast so be a
good boy and go and make me some. I'll put the coffee on."
"Master, we don't have a grill."
"Use the grill in the mess tent."
"Okay master, but may I have permission to dress first."
"No, I'm afraid not. You'll have to get used to going outside without your
clothes."
"But none of them have ever seen me without my clothes on. Well accept Claire.
I'm embarrassed to go out. They all call me prudish because I don't normally
take part in their games. They've been mocking me ever since they've known that
I was coming to camp."
"I guess it's because of your organ that you don't take part. Am I right?"
"Yes. I love sex. I've had sex with my dad and with Claire and I love it."
"Well it's about time you got over your inhibitions. Okay, they'll probably mock
you for while but believe me there'll be jealous of you. Fuck me, I'm jealous of
you! So it's time to take the bull by the horns and face it. So I'm afraid
permission is denied to redress but instead I'll come with you and support you."
"Yes master," he replied with great reluctance.
We left our tent and headed towards the mess tent. Simon attempted to turn
around when he saw a group of girls and a couple of boys cooking in the mess
tent. I grabbed him and pushed him towards the cooking area. To his surprise
none of them mocked him or sniggered. They're mouths just dropped open when they
noticed his cock. They moved out of his way and gave him priority at the grill.
He toasted a few rounds of toast while I borrowed some hot water and made a
couple of coffees. All the people in the mess tent were slaves accept myself and
needless to say they were all naked. I was purposely trying not to look at their
naked bodies, as I was there to support Simon. One of the girls was Sue that I'd
had the pleasure of meeting yesterday. I couldn't help notice how her nipples
were standing proud as she studied Simon's physique. Also the two lads were
showing signs of excitement as there little cocks were starting to stand proud.
Simon noticed the reaction he was creating and his own mighty cock began to
twitch with excitement. With a concerted effort he grabbed the toast he'd made
and ran back to our tent. I followed quickly behind him with the coffee.
When I entered the tent I could see Simon sitting on top of his bed. His face
was bright red. There between his legs was an almighty hard-on. It must have
been at least eighteen inches in length!
"So that's why you made a quick exit." I asked.
"Sorry about that master," he replied.
"Don't worry about it. You've made the first moves and I'm proud of you. It
wasn't that bad was it?"
"Not really. I quite enjoyed the attention. It just got a bit much when it
started to grow!"
"Not to worry, but next time I want you to stick it out. Okay?"
"Yes sir. Would it please you if I relieve myself?"
"Yes and no. I don't want YOU to relieve yourself. I want to do it for you. I'd
like you to stand up."
Simon obliged and stood up. His organ was circumcised. The crown of his cock was
enormous. I opened my mouth wide and took the tip of his cock into my mouth. He
moaned loudly. There was no way that anybody could take his full length into
their mouth. Every time I tried to take more I could feel the cock gagging me as
it tried to go down my throat. I carefully wrapped my two hands around his shaft
at a distance that would allow me to take as much of his cock as possible
without gagging. I used my hands to gauge how far I could go. He was groaning a
lot as I pumped my mouth up and down the end of his cock. My hands felt the
surge first as he began to come. I started swallowing in anticipation of his
load. Within moments it arrived and the first wave filled my mouth. I'd barely
swallowed it when the next one arrived. I swallowed about 7 or 8 mouthfuls. It
was thick but still had the youthful sweetness that you'd expect from a boy of
his age. The groans subsided.
We ate our toast and drank our coffees without speaking. I watched has his shaft
slowly shrunk to its normal size. He knew I was watching it but he now seemed
easier about it.
"Well I guess you ought go and do the washing up." I said to him.
"Okay sir."
He picked up the dishes and left the tent. I was half expecting some flack at my
suggestion but was wrong. I watched him through the tent door has he walked
across the camp to the mess tent. Now I had a few moments to myself to plan the
day's activities. I decided I needed to get a little tougher with Simon as he's
supposed to be my slave. On the other hand I appreciated his difficulties and a
wrong move could jeopardise his whole future. I guess Jeff had purposely paired
me up with his son so that I would gently introduce him to sex outside his small
and limited experience. Simon was definitely eager to learn.
The tent door opened and in crawled Simon with the cleaned dishes.
"All done," he said.
"Good," I replied. "Listen Simon, we need to get a few things straight. I've
been easy on you up to now but I think you need to experience the true feeling
of being a slave. I assume that's why you came on this camping trip, to find out
all aspects of sexual fantasy. Am I right?"
"Yes, I want to explore everything and overcome my hang-ups."
"Good. Being a slave means giving your all for your master. Both your body and
your mind. You should not think about anything other than fulfilling your
master's wishes. Your body does not belong to you but now belongs to your
master. If you want a crap then it's not your decision as to where and when but
mine. You should speak only when told to unless it's absolutely necessary to
inform me about such times as you need to crap or piss. Are you getting the
picture?"
"Yes sir."
"That's good. Keep your replies like that. You can address me as either sir or
master. Unless I am obviously asking for a longer answer then I expect you to
answer like you just did. If you wish to ask me a question, and it should only
be limited to questions about clarity of one of my orders, then you should call
'Time Out'. Do you understand?"
"Yes sir."
"Good. I am going to spend a little while testing your obedience before we
venture out into the world. Stand up! Touch your toes!" I ordered. He promptly
did as he was told. "Stand up! Place this hand under your balls! With your
forefinger find the opening to your arse and stick it in! All the way in.
Further!" 
The boy was doing as he was told. He'd obviously never fingered his own arse
before. I purposely waited a while to see if he would withdraw his finger on his
own accord. He didn't. 
"Wash your hands!" I ordered. He quickly poured some water from his water bottle
and washed his hands. "Lay face down on your bed with your hands behind your
back!" I pulled some bits of rope from my haversack. I tied his hands tightly
behind his back. "Get up on your knees." He struggled to get up but managed it
okay. I tied a piece of cloth tightly over his eyes. I pulled my trousers and
shorts down. "Open wide!" I ordered. I then rammed my cock into his mouth.
"You've tasted my piss, now your going to taste my cum! Now close your mouth
around my cock and don't you dare let me feel your teeth. I want you to do
nothing other than to keep your lips tightly around my cock. Slave I am going to
fuck your face!" I began to slowly move my cock in and out of his mouth. Slowly
I increased the rhythm until I was fucking shit out of his mouth. I could feel
the end of my cock bashing against his throat. I was being a lot harsher than I
normally would and enjoying it. I used my hands to hold his head to keep it
firm. It wasn't long before I filled him with my cum. Lots of it. I made him
lick the surplus cum off my cock.
I waited a while for my cock to settle down. Simon just stayed where he was and
never said a word. Occasionally he would move his head around a little and I
half expected him to speak but he didn't. He'd obviously got the message.
"I'm going to wash your mouth out now with some piss. Open wide again." I put
the tip of my cock just inside his mouth and began to have a pee. This time I
didn't hold back and just continued the flow of urine into his mouth. I was
surprised that he had worked out that you can swallow while keeping your mouth
open and took all the urine I could offer him.
"Time Out" he called.
"What's your problem," I asked.
"I could do with a piss as well."
"Time Out accepted," I answered. I picked up one of the cooking pots and placed
it just under his penis. "You're free to piss away," I said to him. For a moment
he hesitated and was about to argue but then decided against it. He hadn't
realised that I'd placed something to catch his piss and was obviously concerned
that he was going to piss over his bed. He half filled the pot with steaming hot
urine. 
I moved the pot out of the way and untied his hands and removed his blindfold. I
told him to sit in the middle of the tent with his back pressed against the
centre pole. I tied a longer rope around his stomach and tied it behind him so
that he was secured to the pole. I picked up a mug and proceeded to empty some
of his urine out of the pot filling the mug. I placed the pot next to him and
offered the mug to him.
"Take it!" I ordered. "In case you're wondering the pot and the mug contain the
contents of your bladder and your going to drink the lot! Going on start
drinking!" I watched has he took a swig of his piss. He pulled a face but
continued to take another swig. "When you've finished that I want you to refill
the mug and keep going until you've drunk the lot. I'm going out for a while and
when I come back I expect you to have finished the lot!"
"Yes sir."

I left him on his own and went to find Peter. As I approached Peter's tent I
could see an older boy screwing Peter's arse. I don't know why I'd thought that
Peter would be a senior. His master was a 16-year-old called Bob. They were just
outside the entrance to their tent. Peter had his hands tied and stretched out
in front of him. He was in a semi-kneeling position with his face on the grass
and his arse stuck up in the air. I was facing them side on and every time Bob
pumped his arse I could see Peter's balls swaying underneath him. As I got
closer I could see that Peter had some writing on his back. It said 'I'm Bob's
fuck machine!" 
I watched until Bob had finished. "Hi there," I said. "He's a good fuck isn't
he?" 
"Sure is," replied Bob as he pulled his pants back up. "Like my sign?"
"Yes that's novel. I hadn't thought of doing that." I said.
"Sit up slave," he shouted at Peter "and show your uncle your chest."
Peter scrambled himself off the floor and turned to face me. There was more
writing on his body. Just above his nipples were the words 'Bob's cherries' with
two little arrows pointing to each of his nipples. On his stomach were the words
'Bob's lollipop' with a big arrow running down to Peter's cock.
"I like it," I said.
"How's your slave? It's young Simon isn't it? Got anywhere with him? He suppose
to be a bit of a prude!"
"Yes he's fine. Had a few problems at first but there's a good reason for that
which you'll probably find out later. He sat in the tent drinking his own piss
at the moment."
"Can't be bad. What you got planned for today?"
"To be honest that's why I'm here to see what everybody else is doing."
"Well I was just about to take my little fucker on a walk up that mountain.
Fancy joining us and bringing your little fucker with me?"
"Why not!" I replied.
We talked for little while just out of Peter's hearing and planned a few little
things for them. I told him about Simons problem and we came up with a solution
to it. Bob was keen to see this mighty organ of Simons. We worked out what we
needed to take with us and we agreed to meet at the mess tent in a few minutes
time. I headed back for our tent. When I got inside I found that Simon had drunk
all of it.
"That's a good slave," I told him as I untied him. "We're going for a walk in a
minute. Now I want you to put this on and then go outside and wait for me!" I
handed him a large disposable nappy that Bob had given me. They're adult nappies
for men who have incontinence problems. For a moment he didn't know what to do
with it but he soon worked out how you put it on. He poked his head out of the
tent to see who was watching and with a little hesitancy he ventured out. I
packed a few things that we needed into my lightweight haversack that I'd
brought from home and joined Simon outside.
In the daylight I could really appreciate Simons nappy. It was a real turn-on.
The bright whiteness of the nappy against Simons tanned skin was making my cock
twitch. "No time for it now!" I thought to myself and headed for the mess tent.
Simon followed.
"So this is your little fucker, is it?" said Bob as we joined them. "Cute!" he
added.
We left the camp and headed towards the mountain to the East. We had told the
slaves where we were going and told them to lead the way. We followed a few
yards behind them and enjoyed the view of two youngsters walking in their
nappies. At one stage the tabs on the side of Peter's nappy gave way and his
naked bum came into view. It was funny to see Peter trying to cover his bare bum
as if neither of us had ever seen it before.
Finally we got to the base of the mountain and Bob ordered the slaves to stop.
"Okay slaves," Bob continued. "We want the two of you to go over to that group
of trees and find some lengths of wood. I want you to find four pieces of wood
about six-foot long and straight. They should be at least a three or four inches
thick. Break them of the trees if necessary. Bring them back here to us and be
quick about it!"
Peter and Simon did as they were told and disappeared into the trees. The
mountain looked a little steeper than we thought from a distance. However, it
wasn't so steep that you couldn't climb up it in a straight line with a little
effort. In the distance we heard a rumble of thunder and the sky was slowly
filling with dark clouds.
"I think we're going to have some rain," I said to Bob.
"I think you're right."
A few moments later our slaves returned with the wood. They'd done a good job
and the wood was ideal for our plans.
"Okay boys, STRIP!" I ordered.
"Yes let's see this package of yours!" Bob added.
The two boys took off their nappies. Bob and Peters mouths dropped at the sight
of Simons cock just like I thought they would. 
"On the ground in a crouching position with your arses in the air!" ordered Bob.
We inserted a dildo in each of their arses and then using masking tape taped the
dildos into position. 
"Stand up! Hold your arms out wide!"
Holding one of the pieces of wood horizontally along Peter's back we taped his
arms and wrists to the wood. We did the same to Simon. We then tied a piece of
longer rope securely to the end of one of the other remaining pieces of wood and
secured the other end to Peter's cock. Securing the rope around the base of his
cock and balls. The rope was about 5 foot long. We did the same again to Simon.
"Okay you fuckers, start climbing!"
We watched as they started to climb. We could see the muscles across their backs
clench as the weight of the pieces of wood tied to their cocks took hold. As the
angle of incline increased so did the pressure on their cocks. Apart from a few
grunts, neither of them said a word. Occasionally one the sticks would dig in to
the soft ground and yank on their organs as it brought them to a halt. It was
quite a sight watching them from behind. The dildos in their arses was making it
difficult to walk and with the combination of that, the rope pulling on their
cocks and trying to keep their balance because they didn't have use of their
arms or hands, both of them were sweating like mad. The sun had gone in but it
was still very humid and it wasn't long before Bob and myself decided to discard
our clothes and stripped down to our shorts.
We finally got to the top of the mountain. The view was amazing. You could see
for miles. You could see the camp below. We released the ropes tied to their
cocks and ordered them to lay face down on the ground while we untaped the
dildos from their arses. Their arms will left secured and we let them rest on
the ground. The sweat was still running off their naked bodies. 
Using a small trowel that Bob had brought with him we began to dig two small
holes in the ground. They were only about six inches wide by about the same
deep. We then planted to the two pieces of wood that the slaves had dragged up
with them. We made sure that they were solid in the ground like two stakes. We
then bodily picked up Simon by his outstretched arms and placed him with his
back against one of the stakes. Using more tape we secured the wood securing his
arms to the stake like a crucifix. More tape was wrapped around his chest just
below his nipples and secured around the stake and the same again around his
stomach just below his belly button. Yet again more tape was used to fasten his
neck and one around his forehead so that he couldn't move his head from side to
side. The stake became a little unstable so we found a few heavy stones and
placed them around the base of the stake. We then lifted each of his ankles off
the ground and secured them to the stake so that his knees were slightly bent
outwards and his feet off the ground. To further limit his movement we put tape
from just below hips and around the sides of his bum cheeks and secured them so
that the stake was running up the crack of his arse and his bum cheeks were
wrapping themselves around the stake. We then repeated the procedure with Peter
placing him so that he was facing Simon.
It began to get cooler as a breeze began to blow. I could see goose pimples
appearing on Peter's sweat soaked body. Bob and I looked at each other and then
at the two incapacitated naked bodies alongside us. 
"I'm hungry," said Bob.
"Me too," I replied. "I like to have an appetiser before I eat. A nice drink of
hot sweet cum I always find very pleasant."
"And me. Do you mind if we swap?" 
"Not at all."
I sucked Peter's cock while Bob sucked Simons. The boys tried to struggle as the
pleasure run through their bodies but were so tightly secured their efforts were
wasted. We licked their organs clean.
We decided that we were going to leave them on their own for while and go for a
little walk where Bob and I would get know each other a little better! Before we
left them we had a few more things to do to them. We gave the two of them a
drink of water. Forcing them to drink a small bottle full each. Bob produced a
couple of long reels of thin piping that the good doctor had lent him. We
inserted the end of one of the pipes deep down inside Peter's penis and secured
it with a piece of tape. The other end of the pipe was unravelled and placed
just inside Simons mouth and secured with a piece of tape on his cheek. Likewise
the other pipe was used to connect Simons penis with Peter's mouth. We knew
neither of them had had a piss for quite a while and with the water they've just
drunk they'll soon be bursting. We further measured a piece of rope between
their mouths and tied knots in each end of the rope. A knot was placed in each
of their mouths and they were ordered to bite on it.
"If either of you attempts to talk to the other while we're gone and we find
that the rope is no longer in your mouth then you will be severely punished! Now
be good slaves, we might be gone for quite a while!"
We walked off and left them on their own. I almost felt sorry for them but I
knew Peter would be enjoying it. I wasn't so sure about Simon but he had to find
out for himself. We walked a few hundred yards away from our slaves and to the
side of their view. The tape securing their heads would have made it impossible
for them to see us but we could see them. 
We sat down on a nice piece of grass and began to chat and eat. With all the
excitement of the slaves I hadn't really noticed Bob other than a fellow master.
He has very white skin a bit like myself. He's quite slim but with
well-developed chest and shoulders. I noticed that he had very little body hair
accept under his arms and a very thin layer on his legs. We talked about our
sexual interests and what we hoped would happen over the next week. We both
laughed as we each pulled out a yoghurt from our rucksacks.
"You like yoghurt as well do you?" Bob asked.
"I love it," I replied.
Bob thought for moment and then said, "Can I ask you something?"
"Of course you can," I replied seeing that he was a little embarrassed about
what he was about to ask.
"Well. I got this fetish about eating yoghurt off somebody's body. I mean, if
you wouldn't mind I'd like to pour my yoghurt all over your chest and stomach
and then lick it all off! I know it must sound daft!"
"I don't mind," I said. "It'll be quite an experience."
I laid down on the ground and Bob proceeded to pour the contents of his yoghurt
carton down the length of my upper body. The cold yoghurt made me jump a bit at
first. With his fingers he spread the yoghurt around the front of my body making
sure I was well covered. He then started to lick it off me making sure that each
area was thoroughly cleaned of any traces of yoghurt. It was very pleasant and
an experience I'd never had before. I particularly liked it when he was licking
around each of my nipples and while he was licking my navel. After he had
cleaned my front he asked me to sit up and he cleaned up the runs of yoghurt
that had run down my sides and even some on my back. I knew he knew that I had
one hell of a hard-on from his activities.
"That was good," said Bob. 
"It was good for me as well!" I replied.
"I had noticed!"
"Would you mind if change roles and I had a go with you?"
"I hoped you'd ask. Of course you can."
He laid down on his back and I poured my yoghurt over him and rubbed it in. I
began licking at the top of his chest and worked my way down his body
methodically cleaning every square inch of his skin. I must admit the taste was
wonderful. A mixture of sweet yoghurt, sweat and smooth silky skin. As I worked
down his body I noticed the bulge in his boxer shorts. As I scooped the last bit
of yoghurt out of his belly button with my tongue, I decided to continue. I
carried down to the waistband of his shorts rimming my tongue along the band.
With my hand I gently moved the waistband downwards revealing his pubic hair. He
seemed happy with this so I swung my leg over him so as to straddle his body,
with my head hovering over his shorts and his face under my shorts. I placed my
thumbs under the waistband of his shorts and pushed them down towards his knees.
His cock sprung out at me. I felt his hands on the back of my shorts and with a
swipe my shorts were down. I decided it would be easier to get rid of them and I
wriggled and lifted myself off him for a second and disposed of them. Likewise
Bob disposed of his. Within moments we were licking imaginary yoghurt off each
other's cocks. Bob's cock was reasonably long but rather thin and uncircumcised.
It tasted good anyway. I felt a few spots of rain hit my back. I knew any moment
the clouds were going to open. Bob had the same feeling. We sucked each other's
cocks with great urgency and before long we were filling each other with our
cum.
We grabbed our rucksacks and our shorts and ran for cover as the rain came down
heavily. Boy did it come down. I thought about our two slaves but could no
longer see them. We were seeking cover in a hollow in a great oak tree. It was
dry and cosy and Bob and I cuddled into each other. Our naked bodies were
entwined as we waited for the rain to stop.
"Dave," called Bob.
"What," I said waking up. 
"I think we dropped off to sleep. The rain stopped and the sun is shining
again."
"Shit!" I said. "Look at the time. We must have been asleep a couple of hours."
We dressed and headed back to where we'd left the boys. As they came back in
view we could see a group of people standing around our slaves. We later found
out that the camp could see the our slaves pinned to the make shift crosses and
that nearly all them had made there way up the mountain to see the spectacle
after the rain had stopped. Most had already returned to the camp by now but a
few still remained. A feeling of guilt overcome me. Poor old Simon had been
pinned there naked and everybody had seen his mighty organ. It wasn't the gentle
way I'd wanted to show the group his organ but I suppose at long last he's done
it! The knotted rope was still in their mouths and as I removed it from Simons
mouth he gave me a little smile as if to say everything was alright. I smiled
back at him as I pulled the tubing from his mouth. The tubes was full so
obviously they'd both had peed each other. Simon jumped as I pulled the tape
securing the tube in his penis as it was stuck to the sensitive tip of his
circumcised cock. 
The skin on Simons body was all streaky where the rain had dried on him. I could
see where the streaks had been disturbed in places where his earlier audience
had been touching him. I also noticed his nipples looked very red and slightly
swollen and guessed someone had been sucking and biting them. I proceeded to
pull the tapes securing him off. The tape had been bonded to his skin for quite
a while. It was waterproof tape and the rain had made it even stickier.
Fortunately Simon had very little hair on his body but I guess Peter must have
been in agony has Bob removed his. When we'd finally released them we let them
lay down and rest for a while.
We were about to dismantle the crosses when one of the few people still
remaining asked if we could leave them up. "We'll make it worth your while," he
said. "Our two whores need teaching a lesson!"
I'd already noticed the two naked young girls with their hands tied behind their
backs. They looked quite tasty. One was almost flat chested with just two small
tiny mounds for breasts. The other one was very much more developed in the chest
department and had a crocodile clip pinned to each of them. She had no pubic
hair as it was obviously shaved off and her cunt looked very inviting.
"Okay," I said. "You can use them providing we get a little action!"
Bob and I sat and watched as the two boys went about securing their female
slaves to the crosses. We lent them our reel of tape and they secured them
exactly like we had done with our slaves accept they lowered the cross bar and
left the girls feet on the ground and spread apart. The two boys dropped their
shorts and began fucking the girls. When they'd finished I could see their semen
running down the girls legs. 
"They're all yours!" said one of the boys to us.
"Cheers," Bob replied.
Bob and I got stuck in. I took the one with the shaved pussy and the larger
tits. Her name was Jane. Fucking vertically wasn't something I'd done often and
it took me a while to get the hang of it. Especially as the girl was fair bit
shorter than me. Her little cunt squelched as I inserted my cock into it. It was
still fairly full of the boys cum. I forced my tongue into her mouth. She
reluctantly accepted it. I soon added my contribution of hot cum into her
already full cunt. More and more of it was oozing out of her.
"The whores need more!" said one of the boys.
"How about your slaves," said the other.
"Why not," said Bob.
Peter and Simon had already recovered and had been watching the action. Both had
erections already.
"I think my slave ought to have Jane as she's bit bigger!" I called out.
Jane's eyes bulged as she saw Simon approach her. His mighty organ was standing
proud. He barely managed to get the bell end of his cock inside. She let out a
yell as he pushed it into her. She had two orgasm's before he finally pumped her
with semen. Neither the boy or myself had managed to get her to orgasm and I
felt very inadequate. There was Simon once thinking that he had a problem!
We watched while another lad and his slave fucked the two girls. We then said
our good-byes and started off down the mountain. We took our slaves to the edge
of the river and got them to wash themselves down. We then went back to the camp
and decided to have a rest in our tents as it was only just over an hour before
suppertime. Before going off to sleep I placed my rucksack against the centre
pole of the tent and made Simon lay lean against it and tied his arms behind him
and around the pole. I had a good sleep and so did Simon.
During supper Jeff told us that for the next 24 hours we were to continue the
one-to-one master-slave game but our partners. This time it was up to us who was
to be master and who was to be the slave. Once each partner had agreed then
there was no going back. Simon and I discussed it and Simon wanted to continue
as a slave as he wanted to learn more. I agreed to carry on as master. I
immediately ordered him to take off his clothes and to have his supper naked.
This he did with no reluctance what so ever. At least he was now happy to be
naked in front of the others. In fact I think he was now quite proud of himself
and his body.
After supper Bob, Peter, Simon and myself went back to Simon and my tent. We
permitted our slaves to speak freely as long as they still obeyed our commands.
We were laughing and joking when Bob said to me that he reckoned I couldn't take
Simons cock inside my arse. He reckoned I couldn't take more than his bell end.
Peter reckoned I could take a lot more than that. With us talking about his
cock, Simon began to rise to the occasion. Before long his organ was at its
maximum length. Bob got out his marker pen and drew a circle around the end of
Simons cock.
"That's as far as I reckon you can take!" he said.
Peter took the pen and drew another one about 2 inches further down. Simon drew
another on one between the two others. I added mine about another inch down from
Peters. I knew I was being a bit over the top but was joining in the fun.
"Come on then," Bob said. "Let's see whose right."
"What now!" I retorted.
"Why not?" Bob replied.
They were all looking at me and I didn't want to be party pooper. So I pulled my
trousers and shorts down and crouched down with my arse in the air. Simon
greased me and his cock with plenty of KY and started pushing his mighty organ
in to my opening. I'd been looking forward to finally getting his cock in me but
I didn't expect an audience. I knew it was going to hurt. Boy was I right! Simon
grabbed hold of my hips so that he didn't push me out the side of the tent! As
he pushed more and more so the searing pain got more and more intense. The pain
subsided a little once he'd got the tip inside me. He soon passed Bob's marker
and he pushed harder and harder. He then passed his own marker and when he
finally reached Peter's marker, I cried out that I couldn't take any more. Trust
Peter to be right but then again if any body knew my arse it was he.
"Now you got that thing inside me," I said to Simon, "you might as well fill me
up with your hot cum!"
Simon withdrew his cock a little and then pushed it back in with quite a force.
It was beginning to feel a little more comfortable as he began to pump in and
out. The pain turned to burning. I began to enjoy it as his mighty organ fucked
me. I felt like I was going to explode when I felt him fill me with wave after
wave of hot juices. As I looked back at my own cock swinging underneath me I
could see my own cum oozing out of it. When he finally withdrew his cock from me
there was an almighty 'Plop!"
"Wow! That was something else," I told everybody. "You're one beautiful young
man Simon."
He smiled at my words. I didn't realise until later that it was his first time.
He'd received anal many times from his father but had never given anal before.
He was proud of his effort.
The gathering turned into a bit of an orgy. Fucking and sucking was on the menu.
The only thing that was missing was a stiff drink or two. "What the heck!" I
thought to myself as I pulled a bottle of whisky from my haversack. I took a
couple of swigs. The others had quietened down a bit and they were watching me
with anticipation. 
"Are you going to share that?" said Peter.
I knew that it was the rule of the camp that there was to be no booze. I guessed
it didn't apply to me because I was an adult. Could I possibly be so mean as to
not let them have a drop?
"Just don't tell anybody!" I replied as I handed round the bottle.
Within an hour or so the bottle was empty. We were all as pissed as farts. We'd
all fucked and sucked each other and we were all basically in a mess. I forget
who suggested it but we agreed to go down to the river and have a swim and clean
ourselves up. We headed out of the camp and down to the river. The water was
lovely and cold. It soon sobered us a bit. As we climbed back out of the water
we noticed that we weren't alone. Jeff and six other of the older boys, who were
on warden duty, were standing on the riverbank.
"You lot have broken camp rules," Jeff said to us sternly. "Your now all under
camp arrest!"
To my surprise the wardens produced handcuffs and cuffed each of us. We were
frog marched back to the camp and taken to the mess tent. We were ordered to
sit. After a few minutes one of the wardens returned with Jeff with the empty
bottle of whisky. They'd been and searched our tents.
"I don't know," said Jeff to us. "I trust you and this is what I get. First of
all you break the rule of leaving the camp after dark and then I find that
you've broken the most serious of rules and find that you've been drinking!"
"It's my fault," I interrupted.
"Too true it's your fault! But the others are just as guilty by association.
It's too late now to discuss it. The four of you will stay here tonight under
guard and at six o'clock in the morning we'll hold a public trial and decide
whether your guilty or not and if you are then how your going to be punished."
He threw our boxer shorts at us and told us to put them on. The wardens uncuffed
us so that we could put our shorts on. They then cuffed us again so that we were
all cuffed to each other. We then laid down on the ground and tried to sleep.

TUESDAY

At about quarter to six in the morning we were awakened. The wardens were out
waking the rest of the camp and telling them that there was a public trial at
six o'clock and that all were to attend. When they returned they uncuffed us
from each other and then cuffed our hands behind our back. The mess tent began
to fill up with people. The wardens and Jeff sat behind one of the many tables
that we had built. Once everybody on the camp was in the tent, Jeff began.
"Order please," he called out. "The four boys in front of you have been charged
with breaking camp rules." He turned to look directly at us. "You are charged
with leaving the camp after dark and drinking alcohol. David you are further
charged with bringing alcohol to the camp. How do each of you plead?"
"Guilty!" said Bob.
"Guilty!" said Simon.
"Guilty!" said Peter.
"Guilty to the first charges and not guilty to the last charge," I said.
"Okay, three of you have been found guilty and you will receive you sentences
shortly. David, why do you plead not guilty to the charge of bringing alcohol to
the camp?"
"Well, Sir, as you know I wasn't planning on becoming one of the kids when I set
out for this camp. It was only at the last minute that I found out that one of
the boys was ill and that to keep the numbers even I agreed to be treated the
same as the others."
"I agree with what you've said. However, it is in my opinion that you should
have handed over the bottle of whisky to me once you were aware of the
situation. Not only have you not done that but also you've shared the said
bottle with others, which you would have known was against camp rules! I think
we have overlooked the indiscretion of having the bottle but sharing it is a
wanton disregard for the rules. To be fair I will leave the decision to the rest
of the panel but I shall recommend a guilty verdict as charged."
The panel left the tent and were gone for some twenty minutes or so. There was
great excitement amongst the assembly in the tent as they awaited the panels
return. Finally they did return and they took their seats. One of the wardens
stood up and began to speak.
"It is this courts decisions that all are guilty as charged!" There was a cheer
from the audience. He continued, "It is also the decision of this court that the
four of you are not capable of conducting yourselves in a manner appropriate to
this camp. For this reason part of our sentence will be banishment from the
camp. After you have fulfilled the rest of your sentences you will be taken out
of this camp with nothing other than a water bottle for collecting water. You
will be taken up north to the waterfall and you will stay in that little gorge.
You will not be permitted to return to this camp under any circumstances. You
will have to fend for yourselves. You may return only when you have accumulated
the sum of ten pounds. You will be slaves to everybody and will obey every
command given you. Your masters may take you out of the gorge but you must
return there as soon as they have finished with you. Your masters will pay the
following sums of money for your favours:
Each time you cum, 10 pence.
Each time you swallow cum, 1 pence.
Each time you drink piss, 1 pence.
Each time you lick out an anus or vagina, 1 pence.
Each time you receive cum anally, 2 pence.
However, if a master offers you food and you take it then you will pay or owe
them 5 pence."
The audience was excited at this punishment. I could hear the rattle of coins as
they joked about what they were going to make us do. I looked at the rest of the
accused and they weren't smiling.
The boy continued, "Now on to the rest of the sentence. For the next 4 evenings,
one of you shall be brought back here, in turn, just after supper where you will
be subjected to sensory depravation and abuse for the night. You'll discover
what that means when you're brought here! Now on to your immediate punishments.
Peter, Simon and Bob, you will be taken from this court in a few minutes and you
will be stripped and strapped to a table in turn. Everybody in the camp accept
the accused will take it in turns to give you 3 spanks with their bare hands on
your naked buttocks. Then moving to you, Dave, because you've been found guilty
of a more serious charge and because you are considerably older, you will be
suspended from the oak tree outside and subjected to a severe public beating
about your body. You will receive 50 strokes!"
There was a loud murmur from the audience. I swallowed loudly at the punishment.
"Further to this you will be cut down from your flogging and then staked to the
ground. You will remain there for a period of 3 hours where you will be used as
a toilet. Any body fluids may be disposed of over you. Your co-conspirators will
start you off by jerking off over you. They will be returned every hour to
repeat the process. That is the sentence passed down to you by this court and
any further breaking of the rules or this judgement will be taken very seriously
and punished even more severely. David, as the oldest, you will receive 200
strokes next time! This court is adjourned. Let the sentences begin!"
We were led outside. The rest of the group joined us outside. A table was placed
in full view of everybody. Bob had his handcuffs removed and he was forced to
bend over the table. His outstretched hands were secured to the table. As one of
the wardens pulled Bob's shorts off a cheer came from the audience. Jeff started
the punishment by giving Bob's bum three hard slaps with his hand followed by
three slaps from each of the six wardens. Already Bob's bum cheeks were glowing
red. 
"Okay everybody line up," shouted Jeff.
The rest of the kids stood up and formed a queue. One after the other they gave
Bob's bum three hard slaps. As time went on Bob was jumping more and more at
each slap as his bum got sorer. His cheeks were a crimson red colour by the time
the last slap was placed across them. The wardens then released him from the
table and he was placed face down on the ground with his hand once again cuffed
behind him. A wet towel was placed over his burning buttocks.
The next up for the same punishment was Peter. He took it as well as expected.
Then it was Simons turn. He didn't take it so well and the pain got to him. I
could see as they finally laid him down on the ground that he'd been crying.
Then it was my turn to have my beating. I was stripped. Jeff wrapped bandages
around my wrists and ankles. I think he was a little sorry about the panel's
decision and whispered that the bandages would protect my wrists and ankles from
the ropes. A cricketer's box was secured over my penis to protect it. A neck
collar was placed around my neck to protect my head. Jeff went into his bag and
prepared a syringe. It was injected into my arm. Jeff told me it that it would
help to stop me bruising. My legs began to tremble. A rope was hanging from a
branch of a big oak tree and my arms were secured to it. The rope was then
pulled until I was a couple of inches off the ground. Another rope tied my
ankles together and it was tied around a heavy rock that they had placed at my
feet. The rope suspending me was pulled tighter until the rope around my ankles
took up the slack. A few more tugs and I was well stretched out.
A piece of really thick rope was brought into sight. It had three big knots tied
on the end of it. One of the wardens swung the rope over his head. As he got the
swing up to speed he moved towards me and let the end of the rope hit me. It
struck me in the middle of my back. Boy did it hurt. I felt the pain run up my
spine and into the back of my head. They weren't kidding about giving me a
beating. I had another 49 of these to go. The rope began to swing again and this
time it struck me between the shoulder blades. The next one hit me right on my
bum. The next one hit me on the back of legs. The next one wrapped itself around
the bottom of one of my legs with the knots coming to rest against my shin. The
pain was immense. After a dozen or so strokes my whole body was engulfed in pain
and I was struggling to remain conscious. 
Then another of the wardens took the rope. This time he stood in front of me and
started swinging the rope. It hit me across my kneecaps and the next hit me
across my shins. Each time he was raising the point of contact until one hit me
right on top of the box. The box pushed itself hard against my groin with the
impact. He then decided to aim a lot higher and the next blow hit me right on
the nipple. The stinging sensation was unbelievable. The next one hit me on the
breastbone followed by another that caught my other nipple. I began to feel
light-headed with all the pain when a real heavy blow hit me in the stomach. It
knocked the wind out me and then a vale of blackness overcame me as I blacked
out.
I awoke when I felt what at first I thought was water hit my face. As I opened
my eyes I was staring up at young female vagina. Then more of the fluid hit my
face and I realised that a girl was pissing on my face. I was laying face up on
the ground. My hands and feet were bound to four stakes in the ground so that I
was spread-eagled and unable to move. 
"Your turn," she said to her male slave.
The slave had decided to piss on my body rather than my face. I managed to raise
my head slightly and I could see the flow of his pee seemingly washing off some
substance that was dotted about my body. Then I recalled that the other three
had to jerk off over me as soon as I was staked to the ground. I must have been
unconscious when they'd done it.
As the two youngsters left me the girls shouted out so the whole camp could
hear. "The toilet's awake now if you want a piss!"
Within a few minutes I'd been pissed on by about dozen or so people. The smell
was incredible. Then two boys approached me. One was a slave and his master
ordered him to straddle over my body so that his cock was near my face. 
"Wank you little fucker and make sure it all goes on his face!" the boy ordered.
The boy began to stroke his little organ. The rhythm got faster and faster. Just
as I prepared myself for a face full of cum I felt more urine hitting my body.
The other boy was having a piss over the two of us. For a moment it took my
attention and the face full of hot cum took me by surprise. Some of it went into
my mouth. It tasted very sweet and I consciously remembered trying to look more
closely at this lad, as I knew I wanted to taste more of his sweet cum in the
future.
I was alone again and I was trying to come to terms with the pains I was feeling
from my bruised and battered body. I could just raise my head enough to look
down the length of my body. There weren't any lumps but I could just make out
some bruising on my chest. I wriggled against my restraints as I tried to get
comfortable. The base of my spine and my bum cheeks I felt sure must be badly
bruised, as the weight of my body resting on the ground was quite painful. I
heard a few more voices approaching. As they got closer I could see that it was
the wardens bringing the three other prisoners to me. I was surprised that they
were arriving so soon and I must have been unconscious longer than I'd first
thought. 
"You know what to do," yelled one of the wardens.
The three lads stood over me and started playing with themselves. As they stood
there preparing to cover me with their cum, I looked at Simons body. I could see
that his chest was quite red especially around his nipples. Then I noticed
Peter's legs. I could see cum running out of his arse. I tried to look at Bob
but I couldn't see him clearly. The wardens must have been abusing the lads
while they waited for me to finish my punishment. I felt sorry for them but I
was helpless to do anything about it. Just at that moment I felt the first load
of cum hitting me. It was Bob, then Peter and then Simon. The three of them were
then cuffed and marched off.
The hours went by and the boys had jerked off on me for the last time. By now
everybody in the camp had pissed over me at least once, some three or four
times. Many had also jerked over me. I was covered in dried piss and cum! Even
my hair was matted in dried piss and cum. I must have looked awful and I knew I
smelt awful. They released me, cuffed me and the four of us were frog marched to
the mess tent.
We were told to stand in a line in front of the table. The wardens sat the other
side of the table along with Jeff. In front of Jeff I could see four syringes.
The foreman who passed sentence on us began to speak.
"You've taken the first part of your punishment well. David, the doctor has
checked you over and your okay. He's given you quite a strong painkiller, which
shouldn't wear off until sometime in the night. I'm afraid you'll have to grim
and bare after then. You are now going to be taken out of the camp and you are
forbidden to return until you have ten pounds to give us. When you have the
money I want you to hang the yellow scarf that'll we'll leave under the big oak
tree by the river on the tree. We will then come and check that you have the
correct money. If you have, then you will be permitted to re-enter the camp. If
you try to enter the camp or you interfere with any of the group then you will
be very seriously punished! By the way the money that you'll be given for
services rendered will be marked so don't get any ideas about trying to sneak
into the camp and stealing some. As I told you earlier, one of you will be
brought back here every night for extra treatment. As the doctor says you'd be
best, David, as the painkillers will still be effective then it'll be you this
evening. I expect you to be sitting under the same oak tree as I just mentioned
earlier, at six-thirty sharp. Be late and you'll be sorry. The good doctor is
going to put you to sleep now. When you wake up you'll be in the gorge by the
waterfall. You will stay within that gorge at all times and you will see markers
showing how far down the gorge that you are permitted to go. This allows any
member of the camp that wants to use your services can find you. He or she may
take you out of the gorge but you must return as soon as they have finished with
you. Any questions?"
We shook our heads. I think he'd made it quite clear. I was dying to ask what
was in store for me tonight but decided it was best not to ask. Jeff got up out
of his chair and picked up the first of the syringes. He approached Peter and
told him to lay down on the ground and pushed the needle in his arm and within
seconds Peter was asleep. Bob was injected next, then Simon and finally myself.

What only seemed a few seconds but must have been considerably longer, I began
to wake. First thing I noticed was that I had been washed clean. The awful
stench of dried piss and cum had gone. As I sat up I noticed the bells for the
first time. Through each of my nipples was a piece of cord attached to a little
bell. The cord actually ran through nipple and I knew that it was Jeff's handy
work. As I looked at the others I could see that they too had bells attached to
their nipples. Taped to my stomach was a little note. It read, "The bells are a
little security measure so that we know if you're approaching. They are secured
with very tough nylon cord and trying to remove them is punishable. Please try
to keep them clean for the next few hours so that infection doesn't set in.
You'll find a couple of water bottles nearby. These are for you to collect water
from the stream and are the only items that you are permitted to have. Your area
may be inspected at any time and any other items found will be a blatant
disregard for our authority and severe punishment will be administered! You'll
also find a box of matches, please be careful lighting fires!"
The others began to awaken and they too noticed their bells. I read the note out
aloud so that they all knew the situation. I began to stand so as to see if I
could find the water bottles. The bells caused my nipples to sting. The others
found the same thing. I persevered and found the bottles. My body felt quite
sore. I had a closer look at myself and could see all the bruising I'd suffered.
"That looks pretty sore," said Peter.
"It is," I replied. "Goodness knows what it's going to be like when the drugs
wear off." I decided that this wasn't the time to feel sorry for myself. "We
don't know what the weather's going to be like so we'd better think about
creating some kind of shelter. I know these darn bells are bit painful but if we
don't start sorting something out soon then I'll have to leave you. I don't want
to have to worry about you three while I'm gone."
We started breaking down some branches off the trees and making a make shift
shelter under a big tree. After an hour we had created a respectable shelter
that would keep the worst of the rain out should it happen to rain. We'd covered
it with piles of dead leaves off the ground. Where we'd collected the leaves had
left a large area of ground where we started to make a fire. We placed some
stones in a circle and we'd split up to find some firewood. We wanted to make a
big pile of wood ready for when we needed it. I worked my way down the gorge a
little way and I could see the yellow paint on a few trees marking the limit of
our travels. After I'd collected an armful of good tinder for the fire, I heard
a voice from behind.
"Oh you!" it called. "I like your bells. Now come here and ring our bells."
I looked over my shoulder and saw a group of four boys behind me. They threw a
rope around me and pulled me towards them. They wrapped the rope around me
several times so that my arms were pinned by my sides. They pushed me down on my
knees and tied my ankles to my thighs.
"Time to earn some money," one of them said to me wickedly. He ordered his slave
to pull off his shorts. He bared his cock and stuck it deep inside his slave.
"Let's just add a bit a flavour to it," he said as he pulled it back out. He
grabbed my head firmly and thrusted his cock at my mouth. "I want my penny's
worth. Now suck on it!"
I did as I was told and took his cock into my mouth. His body started to jerk as
I teased the end of his cock. "Swallow the lot or you don't get your penny!" he
said laughing. I swallowed everything his cock offered me. "Now lick it clean,"
he ordered. "Does it taste better with a little shit on it?"
"Not really," I replied.
"That a shame," he said. "I'm going to have to give you another penny now." He
forced his slave to crouch down with his arse in front me. He picked up a
handful of earth off the ground and rubbed it into the boy's arse pushing some
of it down into his opening. He put his hands on the back of my head and pushed
my face towards the boy's arse and said, "Lick all that dirt clean. If I find
any left then you want get your penny and I'll beat you instead."
I stuck my tongue into the boy's arse and began the task of cleaning the dirt
off. I could see the dirt deep inside him and had to force my tongue to enter
his ring. The combination of the gritty earth in my mouth and the taste of the
boy's anus made me feel quite sick. When I'd finished, the lad checked the boy's
anus and agreed that I'd done a good job.
The other boy got his slave to strip and repeated the same process. First I had
to suck him off. Then he forced me to clean his slaves arse. This time they had
put a lot more dirt in the slave opening and after I'd started to make a
reasonable stab at cleaning him out, I had to stop. I felt so sick and within a
few seconds I was heaving.
"Now that's a naughty boy," said the first lad. "I'm afraid you don't get a
penny for that one. What's more I promised you a beating if you failed." He
placed a piece of rope under my one armpit around my chest and through my other
armpit. He tied the rope in a loop so that it was just above my head. He threw
the other end of the rope of the branch of the tree above us. He pulled on the
rope until I was suspended into the air. They then found two large leafy
branches and handed them to the slaves. They too had sticks and they whacked
their slave's bums and told them to start beating me. They each gave me a swipe
with their branches. "That's not hard enough," one of the lads said as he
whacked the slave's backsides. They gave me a couple of harder swipes. The pain
was already quite severe because of all the bruising. "Harder than that," the
other one retorted as he slapped the slaves hard with his stick. They gave me
several harder swipes. "Let me show how to do it," said the first lad. "You two
hold his legs apart." The two slaves grabbed my knees and pulled my legs apart,
as far they would go. The lad then gave me one hard swipe of the branch between
my legs. It was squarely aimed at my cock. I let out one hell of squeal. He
turned to his friend and said, "Let him down a bit will you?" the other lad
lowered me. The lad looked directly at me and said, "The rules have changed.
There is no safe word any more so gags are permitted!" He stuffed one of his
socks into my mouth and secured it with a gag. "Okay lift him up again." He gave
me another six hard whacks of the branch right on my cock!
They then let me down and untied the rope from under my arms and the rope around
my ankles and thighs.
"Just remember next time to do as your told!" He placed three pennies into the
pouch around my neck and said, Thanks for your services, see you tomorrow!"
They left me still tied around my body. I managed to scramble to my feet and
started back to the others. I couldn't move my hands so I had to leave my pile
of firewood behind. As I arrived back at our little camp I called out, "I've
made our first 3 pence! Can someone untie me please." There was no answer. I
scouted around but couldn't find anyone. Then I heard the voice of a young girl
say:
"They've been taken away but a group of lads. I heard them say that they wanted
all four of you but as you weren't about they'd have to manage with just the
three. I guess you had a lucky escape. Come here and I'll untie you." She moved
up to me and untied the ropes around my body. "I'm glad we're alone," she
continued. "I'm not going to be mean to you but I do need your services. Let's
find somewhere more private."
She led me up the side of the gorge and up to a little clearing. She told me to
sit and relax.
"My name is Christine but everybody calls me Chris. I'm 12 and a lesbian." She
told me.
"Aren't you breaking the rules being out on your own? You must be a junior."
"Not sure. I am a junior but I'm also the master over my older partner Liz. When
we were back at your camp, Liz was hiding behind some bushes. I told her to stay
there while I talked to you and that she wasn't to follow us. Now I'm in your
company and you're still a senior, so I guess it's okay."
"I guess it must be okay too. So if you're a lesbian how can I be of service to
you?"
"My natural instincts tell me that I prefer other girls but I have something
inside me that says that I'd like to have sex with boys as well. This is a
little embarrassing but I'm scared of sex with boys, as I've never done it
before. I've seen boy's cocks before but I've never seen the cum that supposedly
comes out of them. I have a phobia about letting stuff like that near me unless
I know what its like. That's why I'd like you to play with yourself and make
that stuff come out of your cock. Perhaps if I see it up close I'd like it."
"So in other words you want me to jerk off in front of you?"
"Yes. I understand that you can aim the stuff, so can you get it to land on your
stomach so that I can study it afterwards?"
"You're the boss," I replied. I felt like some kind of experiment and ever so
slightly embarrassed of what I was about to do in front of a young girl. I
decided to lay on my back and I began to stroking my shaft. As my cock began to
get bigger I could see that she was getting a little excited. I watched as one
of her fingers disappeared into her little crotch. She was fully clothed and
wearing a short skirt. As she got more and more excited, the skirt rose and the
crotch of her panties was pushed out of the way as more and more of her fingers
entered her little fanny. The sight I was seeing was turning me on as much as it
seemed to be turning her on. As I finally shot my load, she groaned with an
orgasm of her own.
"That's the first time that I've been turned on by a man!" she said astonished
at what she'd done. My stomach and chest were covered with droplets of cum. She
studied it closely. With a finger she touched it and began rubbing a small
globule into my skin. "It's quite slimy isn't?" She scooped a small amount on
the tip of her finger and stuck the tip of her tongue into it. "It's salty! Not
unpleasant though." She placed her tongue on the tip of my cock and began
licking the remaining cum. "I think I could get used to this," she said.
"Perhaps you're not a lesbian after all?" I offered.
"Let's not jump the gun to quickly. Let's just say I'd like to experiment
further." She placed ten pence in my pouch. "Thanks for that. I might see you
tomorrow. Now I'd better go and get Liz."
We headed back down the side of the gorge. Christine found Liz still hiding in a
bush. Liz was the oldest girl in the camp and was only two months away from her
seventeenth birthday. She was wearing a bikini style suit that Christine had
made out of old rags. She was a very buxom young lady and the bikini top barely
covered her nipples. Christine called me over to them as she could see that my
gaze was transfixed on Liz's breasts.
"You've helped me more than you realise," she said to me. "Here's a little
reward!" she continued as she tore away Liz's bikini top and revealed her
wondrous breasts. "I'm not permitted to give you anything to eat but there's no
rule about giving you something to suck!" She watched as I got stuck into Liz's
tits. As I was enjoying the meal that Chris had given me I noticed her hand
disappear between her legs once gain. Later her other hand grasped my cock. She
scooped some of the pre-cum that was oozing out of it onto her fingers and wiped
them in her pussy. Her body shuddered with another orgasm. She later pulled us
apart and the two of them disappeared out of sight.
I went back to our make shift shelter and emptied my pouch, hiding the money in
the secret hiding place we'd made. I felt a little tired and rolled myself up in
a ball and dropped off to sleep. I was awoken by the sound of voices and I knew
it was the other boys returning as I could hear the bells. Thankfully they were
on their own.
"Dave! Your back," shouted Peter. "It's quarter past six"
"It's not? Shit I'll have to be going soon." I replied. "Have you earned
anything?"
"Not a lot," replied Simon. "Fifteen pence between the three of us."
"I've got thirteen pence!" I informed them.
"You've been busy," replied Bob.
My eyes kept getting drawn back to Simon. Something about him was different. I
studied him but for a while I couldn't work out what was different. His cock was
as big as ever but I felt sure that this was the area that was different.
"Shit!" I called to him, "they bastards have shaved you!" Simons lovely bush of
pubic hair was gone. Apart from the hair on his head, Simon was now totally
hairless. "Guess I'd better be going."
"Good luck," said Peter. The others said the same.
"Thanks lads," I replied as I set off out of the gorge. "Look after yourselves
tonight and I'll see you tomorrow. At least you shouldn't be bothered anymore
today!"
I followed the stream down to the river and waited by the oak tree. While I was
waiting I found the yellow flag that we were to use when we'd collected enough
money. At least I knew it was there. The wardens soon arrived and the cuffed my
hands behind my back. I was led through the camp and into the mess tent. The
smell of the cooking made me feel very hungry. The far end of the tent had been
cordoned off with a sheet of canvas. When I was led behind the sheet I could see
that there was just a table in there. The table had been modified and I noticed
a few metal clamps had been screwed to it. There was one on the front edge of
table as well as three others on the other end of the surface. I also noticed
that a big whole had been cut in the centre. I was told to lay face up on the
table while they prepared me.
Firstly they inserted wads of damp cotton wool up my nose. They then taped a
small tube to me face with the end of it inserted into my mouth. I was told that
this tube will be connected to a water bottle and if I needed a drink then all I
needed to do was suck. Jeff had arrived and he told me to open my mouth wide. He
placed a syringe, with no needle on it, into my mouth and sprayed its contents
on my throat. I felt my throat deaden almost immediately. Jeff asked me if it
felt comfortable. I attempted to answer him but found that nothing came out. 
"Good its taken effect," said Jeff. "You won't be able to speak or make a sound
until it wears of in about twelve to fourteen hours."
They then placed earplugs into my ears and taped to disks over my eyes. They
further pulled what felt like a rubberised hood over my head. The hood covered
everything accept my mouth.
I felt them remove the chains from my wrists and ankles. They picked me up and
made me stand. I felt someone playing with penis. It felt very sensitive. I
could no longer smell, taste, hear or see, only feel. My penis was being stroked
and I sensed it was getting larger. After a while the stroking stopped and I
felt something being wrapped around it. It was very tight. I also felt something
being attached around my balls and that too was very tight. Then I felt someone
doing something about nipples. It felt like they were removing the bells.
I was jostled into position and I felt a hand on my back pushing me to bend
forward. I felt them lift my feet off the floor and my whole weight pressed down
on the table. The table had been covered in something or other that felt sharp
and prickly. I felt them secure my wrists into manacles. A further manacle was
placed around my neck holding me firmly to the table. My legs were lifted higher
and I could feel someone manacling my cock to the side of the table with the
head of my cock pointing down to the floor. They then lowered my legs down to
the floor. As they did it felt like my cock was going to break in half. They
then placed manacle on my ankles and I felt them being pulled apart. While that
was going on I felt more action around my nipples. At first I thought someone
was tugging on them but then I realised that weights had been attached to them.
Finally I felt what at first I thought was a cock but later realised was some
form of dildo was inserted up my arse. It didn't feel like a normal dildo as it
seemed to be so greasy. From then on I felt nothing apart from the odd twinge
from nipples or from my torso from the rather uncomfortable material that I was
laying on. I assumed that I was now alone.
It seemed like ages that I was left alone. I'd tried sucking on the tube in my
mouth and found I could get the water I was promised. It was difficult
swallowing it as I couldn't feel my throat. I tried to get as comfortable as I
could get with the very limited movement I had. After a while I got used to the
discomfort coming from my cock. The device they had put on it was keeping it in
the erect position even though I'd long since relaxed it.
I felt the cool air hit the opening of my anus as someone pulled the dildo out.
It was soon replaced with a warm cock. As the cock began to pump me, I could
feel the table starting to move back and forth. The legs had been loosened so as
to allow the table to swing back and forth. This movement made the weights on my
nipples swing making me very aware of their existence. Likewise the movement
also caused my cock to flex back and forth. The cock that was penetrating me was
quite large and I guessed it was one of the older boys and probably one of the
wardens or even Jeff. It was impossible to tell. After a couple of minutes I
felt his hot cum inside me. As soon has cock withdrew I felt the dildo being
replaced. Then I felt something on my back. It wasn't long before I felt the
dildo coming out and being replaced with another cock. Again I felt his hot cum
inside me immediately followed by the insertion of the dildo. Again I felt
something on my back. This time I realised what it was. Whoever it was who'd
fucked me was writing his name on my back.
I was buggered another four times in a row before I was left for while. In the
time I had to myself I'd worked out that they'd been the six wardens who'd used
me. If I was right, then the rest would have their chance after supper had
finished. I guessed I was going to be like this for the whole night and that
anybody could use me whenever they wanted through the night. However, I knew
that there would probably be a rush as soon as supper was over and I was
mentally preparing myself. 
I was so tired and hungry. I think I must have dropped off to sleep because I
jumped as I felt the dildo leave my anus. This time it was a smaller cock that
was fucking me. Whoever it was, he was certainly energetic as the table was
swaying violently. The weights were swinging on my nipples and my cock was going
back and forth and I was sure it was going to break! His violent thrusts were
causing my stomach to ride up and down the material on the table and it was
making it very sore. I was glad when I felt his cum fill me up as I knew he'd at
long last finished. 
This time the dildo wasn't replaced but instead the next lad started pumping me.
Then the next and the next. I guess they were queuing up for their turn. Each
time I felt them write their name on my back. I kept count of each one that
penetrated me and after the twentieth the dildo was replaced and I was once
again on my own. I had nothing else to do than analyse the situation. I'd worked
out that Jeff had yet used me but all the other males in the camp had. I guessed
that from now on the visits would be more infrequent as the night wears on and
the boys have their second or third go. My arse was feeling a little tender but
not as bad as I thought it would have by now. What ever was in that dildo was
lubricating me well. The only problem was that I felt I needed to shit. Although
some of the cum had managed to ooze out down my legs, the bulk of it was still
inside me. Twenty lots of it! 
Out came the dildo again! I braced myself for another cock but instead I felt
another dildo being inserted. Then it started vibrating. I guessed it was
probably one of the girls and that she'd inserted a vibrator. I felt her hands
caressing my bum cheeks. Then I felt more hands rubbing up and down my legs. I
felt some fingers squeezing the tip of my cock. I felt the weights being removed
from my tits and then felt warm lips sucking on each of them. More hands were
caressing my back and hips. In my mind I envisaged that I was being visited by a
large group of girls. I couldn't be sure but the hands that were touching me
felt soft and tenderer than boy's hands. My sense of feeling was being driven
into overload. I knew my aching cock was desperate to explode but my juices
couldn't make it passed the tight restraints. Just as I thought I was going to
physically explode, the caressing stopped. The weights were replaced on my
nipples and the vibrator was replaced with the usual dildo. My whole body felt
electrified from its treatment and it took a long time for it to settle back
down.

WEDNESDAY

As the night wore on, I was visited periodically by cocks of all sizes. Some
would cum very quickly and others would pump me for what seemed like hours. A
few times I was visited and I wasn't fucked but rubbed or caressed in various
parts. I assumed that these were girls but some might have been boys who wanted
to secretly explore a man's body or something. During what I assumed was the
small hours of the night I became more and more aware of the bruises on my body.
The painkillers must have been wearing off because the pain was getting quite
intense. After suffering on my own for what I'd guess was a couple of hours, I
felt a hand on my right wrist. I felt it once before earlier in the night. It
felt like whoever it was, was taking my pulse. I felt the dildo come out and in
popped a cock. It was particularly hairy cock and I was sure it was Jeff. It
gently pumped me and when it finally pumped its load into my arse, I felt a hand
on the tip of my penis. I felt him prod me in several places around my body and
several times he made me jump as he pressed on one of my bruises. Once again I
felt the hand taking my pulse and then I felt a sting in one of my bum cheeks. I
was sure it was an injection and before long the pain from my body subsided.
Jeff had obviously decided that I was in too much pain and had given me another
dose of painkillers. Believe me I was grateful!
I hovered between consciousness and unconsciousness for the rest of the night. I
awoke a few times as I felt someone playing with me but the drug was keeping
from worrying. I might have even slept through some of the fuckings, I couldn't
be sure. I do remember waking at one stage and feeling someone inserting various
items up me. I had no idea what they were and didn't really care. It was
probably someone experimenting with what an arse can take.
Later on I seemed to be getting more and more attention and I assumed that it
must be morning. I couldn't see if it was daylight or not as everything was
still black. The fuckings became more regular and I was sure that they were
starting to queue up again. Each time I would feel their name being signed on my
back. I was beginning to feel like a shit again as more and more cum was being
released inside me. I counted them again and as expected there were twenty of
them.
I felt the manacles being taken off me. The weights were removed from my
nipples. The restraint from my cock was removed and they sat me up on the table.
I was now free accept for the head gear. My cock felt like it wanted to burst.
It was erect and throbbing. I felt someone place my hand around the shaft of my
cock and gave it a jerking motion. I was tempted to play with myself but
resisted and withdrew my hand. Immediately my hand was grabbed and replaced on
my cock. I was being invited to jerk off. I was in no position to argue and I
really did want to relieve the throb in my cock. I caved in and began to stroke
my cock. Faster and faster the strokes got when my cock finally released its
load. I felt some of the cum hitting my legs as wave after wave of my restrained
cum was released. The feeling was wonderful and I didn't care that I was
probably be watched by the wardens.
Moments later I felt the hood that had been covering my head was being removed.
The cold air was most welcome, as it had become rather hot and sticky being
encapsulated in that hood. The water pipe was detached and then the earplugs.
Finally they removed the discs that were taped to my eyes. For a second I
couldn't focus but when I did I felt extremely embarrassed. The canvas screen
had been removed and the whole camp had assembled in the mess tent. They had
watched me jerk off!
Jeff escorted me out of the mess tent and took me over to his tent. There
outside was a big bucket of warm water and he let me have a good wash. It was a
lovely feeling to be clean again. He handed me some clothes and told me to put
them on. They were my own clothes and he must have got them from my rucksack. He
told me to get in his tent.
"We're alone now Dave," he started. "Sorry you've been put through so much. The
64 million dollar question is, are you enjoying it?"
"Sort of. I've always dreamed of really being pushed to my limits and a few
times I've come pretty damn close to them. Especially that public beating, that
had to be the closest!"
"I am very sorry about that. I wanted the panel to decide the level of
punishments and I only acted in an advisory role. They asked me whether a
knotted rope like that would cause a physical damage and after studying it I
told them that it wouldn't. I expressed that it would cause a lot of pain and
that it would create a large amount of surface bruising. I was as shocked as you
were when they announced fifty lashes." He said apologetically.
"That anti-bruising stuff you gave me wasn't very effective."
"Ah right. That was a little fib I'm afraid. There's no such drug available that
I know of. What I gave you was a mixture of painkiller and sedative. That's what
made you pass out. That's our little secret."
"You didn't by any chance give me some last night did you?"
"You noticed. I decided that you were suffering excessively and so I sneaked
some in for you. Yet again that's our little secret. By the way how's young
Simon coping?"
"Okay the last time I saw him. You should have told me about him and the fact he
was your son!"
"I didn't want you treating him differently. He desperately wanted to get
involved in youthful sex but because of my experiment on him I'd managed to
alienate him from taking part. I knew if anybody could help him it would be you.
I think I made the right decision. Once he'd overcome his inhibitions I wanted
to push him to his limits. The bottle of whisky was the perfect answer. If you
haven't had done that then I'd had other plans for getting you to fall foul of
the rules so that the group would have to punish you and Simon."
"In other words, we played right into your hands."
"You sure did. Anyhow, you look absolutely bushed so why don't you have a kip?
I've told everybody that I'm concerned about your health and that's how I
managed to get you here. They've agreed that you can have a couple of hours
before you have to go back. So take advantage of it!"
I laid myself down and Jeff covered me with a blanket. I promptly drifted off to
sleep. I loved being naked but for once I was glad to be wearing clothes and to
have the comfort of a blanket.
"DAVE," called Jeff. "Wake up Dave." I began to stir from my sleep. "Sorry mate
but I can't let you sleep any longer."
"That's okay Jeff," I muttered. "I feel a little better now. Another couple of
hours and I'd be on top of the world but I guess I should be grateful for what
I've had."
"I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to undress again," Jeff said apologetically.
"That's okay," I said as I undressed. He watched me closely as I removed each
item.
"How quick can you eat a pork pie?" he asked me.
"Pretty damn quick I reckon." I replied.
Jeff handed me the pie and I scoffed it down like there was no tomorrow.
"Don't tell anybody about that mind!"
"I won't."
He slipped the cuffs on my wrists and we headed back to the mess tent. The
wardens were waiting for us. They told me to sit while they attached the bells
back on my nipples. I was then frog marched out of the camp and down to the oak
tree by the river.
"Remember now, you're not allowed back in the camp and the normal conditions
reapply. The doctor says your okay now." Said one of the wardens.
"So you do as your told!" piped up another warden. "I reckon you need another
wash so in the river with you." I did as I was told and went into the river. The
water was freezing. "Out further," he shouted. I waded out further until the
water was up to my chest. "That'll do. Now dip your head under the water and
come back out!"
I did as requested and rejoined them on the riverbank. My skin was almost numb
with the cold. There was a gentle breeze blowing and that was maintaining my low
skin temperature. I was then led a few yards down river where a couple of the
other wardens were setting up some apparatus. They had nailed some U-bolts into
two trees. They had threaded a long rope through each of the U-bolts. If you can
now picture it, there is a long rope joining the two trees together. The ends of
the rope have been passed through two loops and then back to the centre between
the two trees. I was placed in the centre of the two trees and the unbroken
length of the rope was wrapped around my cock and balls. The ends of the rope
were then pulled so as to take up the slack so that I was pinned by my cock. The
ends of the rope were then securely tied to my wrists with my arms stretched
outwards. Even the slightest movement of my arms caused the rope to tighten on
my cock. They then left me after telling me that after someone released me I
would have to return to the gorge.
Time passed and my arms were beginning to tire. A few times I let my arms lower
but I soon felt the pressure on my cock and lifted them again. Then I saw Darren
and Sam approach me. It was nice to see faces that I recognised but then I
remembered that they were both rather sadistic. Samantha was naked but Darren
was clothed. Obviously Darren was Sam's master. 
"Slut," Darren said to Sam. "I want you to give me a really good sexy show. I
want you touch him up and have a good time exploring every bit of him. I want to
be turned on watching you. Do a good job and you'll be rewarded but if fail to
excite me then you'll be sorry!"
Sam started caressing me. She started at my feet and worked her way up. I was
powerless to resist. She rubbed her fanny up and down my legs. She then began
kissing my stomach and chest. She worked her way up to my mouth and her tongue
was engaged with mine. I could Darren was enjoying the spectacle and was rubbing
himself through his pants. Sam's small but well rounded and naked breasts were
pressing hard against me. I wished I could move my arms and wrap them around
her.
"Okay slut! You've been good so you can suck him off now. While your mouth is
sucking I want your fingers to digitally fuck his anus."
She kneeled in front of me and took my cock into her mouth. At the same time she
wrapped her arms around me and pulled my arse cheeks apart. I felt the first
finger slip into me followed by another. It was a strange sensation as I wasn't
that use to a female fingering me. As she continued to suck my knob and finger
my arse, Darren began to fondle Sam's breasts. He later moved down and was
fingering her little cunt. Sam's sucking got more intense as Darren's fingering
was turning her on. I think Sam and I came at the same time as we both grunted
with pleasure in harmony. 
Darren pushed Sam out of the way and punched me hard in the stomach as he said,
"I didn't tell you that you could enjoy it!" The punch knocked the wind from me
and I keeled over and my knees collapsed. The ropes flung me backwards and I was
suspended in the air by my wrists and my cock. The more I tried to get my feet
back on the ground the more I pulled on my already over stretched cock. I soon
realised that my efforts were in vain and I gave up fighting. At least the pain
of being suspended by my cock was more level and trying to move only increased
that pain.
Darren laughed at my predicament. Darren was particularly sadistic and he got a
great deal of satisfaction from watching others suffering. He lifted my ankles
and bent my legs back over my body. He hooked my ankles under the ropes secured
to my wrists. My arse was now at his mercy. He ordered Sam to prepare him. She
pulled his T-shirt off over his head. She undid his trousers and pulled his
trousers and shorts down to his ankles and he stepped out of them. She stoked
his already erect penis and made sure it was at it's maximum. He was about to
insert his cock into me when he noticed how my head was near to the ground.
"Slut!" he called. "I think our friend here should eat some cunt while I'm
shafting him." 
She knew what he wanted and she moved around to by my head. She straddled
herself over my face and lowered her little cunt onto my face. Then I felt a
sharp sting as Darren forced his cock sharply into me. My weight readjusted with
the force and I began to swing with all my weight on my cock. Sam tried her best
to stop me swinging by forcing herself further down on my face. The smell of her
sweet opening entered my nostrils and the pain and discomfort began to fade. My
tongue darted in and out of her pussy. The taste was pleasant and I wanted more.
I could feel Darren raping my arse but it only helped to increase my desire to
want more of Sam. My tongue penetrated deeper and deeper. I sensed her clitoris
and with the end of my tongue I hooked it out. It was now standing proud of her
lips. This was really exciting her and she was swaying her hips as I teased her.
Without warning she released her hot juices into my open mouth as her orgasm hit
her. At almost the same time I felt Darren's hot cum filling my insides. Darren
got Sam to dress him and then he pulled some change out of his pocket. He worked
it that he owed me thirteen pence and he put in my pouch. I was hoping he would
help me to my feet before he left but to my surprise he grabbed one of my wrists
and untied the knot. He then let go of me and I crashed to the ground with quite
a thump. They left me while I attempted to untie the knot on my other wrist. Not
an easy task with one hand but I managed to release it after a few minutes.
I was no in no mans land for me and so I headed for the gorge. When I got to the
shelter I found that I was alone. I put the money with the rest and gave it a
quick count. Eighty-seven pence. We still had a long way to go. I hid the money
when I heard someone approaching. It was Peter. He was alone but he had his
hands tied behind his back and a small rock suspended from the end of his penis.
I untied his hands for him. He then struggled to release the string tied around
the end of his cock. It was knotted too tight. I had a go for him but also
failed to undo it. His cock wasn't fully deflated and suggested that we waited a
few minutes for it to relax further and then hopefully it would slip off. He
asked what had happened to me last night but I refused to tell him as it might
cause him to rise again. Instead I asked him how much money he had in his pouch.
We counted it and there was fourteen pence. After a few minutes I'd noticed his
cock had softened a little and I attempted to pull the string off but still it
was stuck fast. Then I had a brainwave and told Peter to step into the stream
and to sit down in the water. This did the trick and his cock shrunk almost
immediately in the cold water and with a hard tug I pulled the string off.
"Thanks Dave," Peter said although I'd hurt a little. "So tell me about last
night."
"First of all there's no guarantee that we'll all be treated the same. Basically
they stop all your senses accept your ability to feel. You're then placed in a
position so that your arse in exposed and they leave you like that all night.
Anybody and everybody is then free to fuck your arse."
"Shit you must be sore now!" Peter asked.
"Not too bad. They insert some kind of dildo that greases you while your not
being fucked."
"Is that all they do?"
"Almost. They strap your cock a little and they place some weights on your
nipples but it all pretty bearable. It's quite an experience. It's amazing how
sensitive you become when you can't see, hear, smell or taste."
"Whose turn is it tonight?"
"Bobs. How did you manage last night?"
"Not too bad. It got a bit cold in the night but we kept the fire going. Bob
suffered the worst. He couldn't stop shivering. I guess he hasn't got much fat
on him to keep him warm. Simon and I wrapped ourselves around him and he
eventually calmed down and went off to sleep."
"Good. That's what I'm looking forward to is a long sleep." I stretched myself
out on the ground and cupped my head in my arms.
"What's all that writing on your back?" Peter asked.
"Oh! I forgot to tell you about that. Each time someone penetrates you they have
to write their name on your back."
Peter started counting the signatures on my back and then with astonishment
said, "Fifty eight! You were fucked fifty eight times!"
"Probably. If that's the number of signatures then that must be the number of
times. By the way you don't get paid for them either!"
"Oh good it's the two lovers, the uncle and nephew." Came a voice from behind
where we were laying. "How's that for coincidence!" We both looked to see who it
was. It was Jason and he was on his own. "I was hoping to find the two of you on
your own. For the next couple of hours your both mine and mine alone. Now follow
me." He led out of western side of the gorge until we were well away from our
little camp. "I want you to play with other and get those cocks nice and big!" I
grabbed Peter's cock and he grabbed mine and we gently messaged each other. Once
are cocks had grown to full erections he said, "Okay that's enough. Now lay down
on the ground and hug each other. I mean really close!" We did as requested. He
gestured for each of us to rise our outer legs into the air. He then man handled
us until we were a cock length away from each other and proceeded to tie out two
cocks together. "Okay stand up!" Peter and I looked at each other and wondered
how we were going to do this. Somehow we managed to scramble to our feet. Jason
pulled some tape out of his pocket and after prising our chests apart he taped
our little bells out of the way. He scouted around the ground and picked up
several prickly little cones and placed them between us. Some of them were
between out stomachs and the rest between our chests. Jason purposely placed
some on our nipples. "Okay now I want you to give each other a really big bear
hug. Keep going!" We could feel the sharp needles penetrating our skin. "Now
hold it there!" He then wrapped some rope around us holding us in position. "Now
I want you to kiss. A deep throat job!" We opened our mouths and joined them
together. "Now hold that kiss!" He produced a length of material from his pocket
and proceeded to wrap it around our heads. It secured our kiss and we were
unable to part our mouths. We soon learnt that we had to breathe through our
noses. "Good so far," he continued. "Now lets see those hands on each others
arses. That's good. Now let two fingers of each hand enter each other's anuses.
Go on deeper." He then secured another rope around us trapping our arms in
place. He then used yards of tape securing our hands and fingers into place.
"Now walk and follow me."
It was virtually impossible to walk. We couldn't communicate with each other and
therefore co-ordinate our movements. Eventually we got into a sequence where we
were virtually walking side wards like crabs. As we walked we could feel the
spines and needles pressing into our skin. Likewise our cocks were being pulled
and pushed. He made us walk for quite a long way. We had no idea where we were.
Eventually he ordered us to stop. Pulling more rope from his rucksack, he fed it
under our armpits and after throwing the rest of the rope of a tree branch he
struggled and lifted us way up into the air. Our feet were about six-foot off
the ground. Then he started tickling our feet with a small leafy branch. As each
of us swung about trying to avoid the tickling we were hurting each other and
passing grunts to each other through our joined mouths. Even so Peter would
twitch his fingers in my anus as if to say that he was all right.
After what seemed a long time, Jason lowered us back down to the ground. He
released the bonding around our heads and we were able to release our kiss. We
managed to place our heads alongside each other.
"Okay I think you've had long enough to bond with each other. Now we're going to
play a game of truth! We'll start with you Peter. Do you love your Uncle?"
"Yes." Peter replied.
"Do you love him like a lover?"
"Yes."
"If you were able, would you marry him?"
"Probably!"
"Yes or no."
"Yes."
"Are you homosexual or bi-sexual?"
"Bi-sexual."
"If you could have any boy or girl in this camp to be your sex toy, who would it
be?"
"My uncle."
I felt honoured at Peter's words.
"How far would you go for your uncle?"
"I would give my life."
"Okay now let's turn to you David. Do you love your nephew?"
"Yes," I replied.
"Like a lover?"
"Yes."
"Would you also be prepared to marry him?"
"Yes."
"If you could have any boy or girl in this camp to be your sex toy, who would it
be?"
"Peter."
"Would you too be prepared to give your life for him?"
"Yes."
Jason proceeded to untie us. When we finally released from each other, Jason
handed us a pair of shorts each. We put them on. Jason tied a large chiffon
scarf over Peter's head so that it covered his face. "You can join us now Gary."
Jason called out towards the bushes. Gary appeared and had been watching
everything that had been going on.
Jason told us to stand along side each other and to face him. He told us to hold
out our hands closest to each other. He then wrapped a piece of material around
them linking them together.
He then turned to face me and said, "Do you David take Peter as your legally
wedded wife? To love and comfort him in sickness and in health, for richer and
poorer while you both shall live?"
"I do," I replied.
"And do you Peter take David as your legally wedded husband? To love and comfort
him in sickness and in health, for richer and poorer while you both shall live?"
"I do," Peter answered.
"Peter would you like to say a few words to your future wife?"
"Yes I would." I said. I turned and faced Peter. I looked into Peter's face
through the thin head veil that covered his face. "Peter I wasn't prepared for
what is happening today. However I am pleased and honoured that it is happening
and that you have agreed to marry me. I know we can probably never live together
like a true married couple but that doesn't mean that I take it any less
seriously. I love you very much and I shall look out for you until the day I
die. I can accept that as you get older your love for me may die and I will not
stand in your way if you find a new love in your life. I also accept and expect
you to share your body with others but I would be honoured if you would keep
your love for only me." I nodded to Jason to indicate that I'd finished.
"Would you like to respond Peter?" said Jason.
"Yes I would. Uncle... sorry David, I guess I can't call you uncle anymore. I
too love you and I'm honoured that you are prepared to commit your love for me
at my age. At this stage in my life I am prepared to give my love to you
wholeheartedly. I don't know what the future will hold for me as I grow up but I
cannot ever imagine loving anybody like I love you. I therefore give you my
heart as well as my body."
"You have both consented in front of a witness to be joined together in
marriage," continued Jason. "I therefore pronounce you man and wife. You may now
kiss your bride."
I lifted the veil covering Peter's face. I was now seeing Peter with a different
light. Now longer were my feelings purely based on lust. His face now looked
radiant and I loved every bit of it. I placed my lips gently on his and embraced
him.
"It's time for the wedding reception," said Gary. "As your best man, I'd like to
say a few words. I've known Peter quite a few years but I've only known David a
few weeks. Peter has a very warm heart and deserves the best. In the short time
I've known David I have seen the love he has for Peter. I know they are right
for each other. Society may not accept your love and it will probably keep you
apart but today you have demonstrated your true love for each other and I know
that even if you should go your separate ways, the bond between you will never
die. I wish you both all the best for the future."
"Thank you," said Peter.
"And thanks from me," I said.
"Okay that's the speeches over," said Jason. "Now I know that neither of you are
allowed to eat and it wouldn't be right to take money from you on this occasion.
If everybody is prepared to keep it our little secret then let the banquet
start." He pulled a pile of sandwiches and cakes out his rucksack and passed
them around. Peter and I tucked in as we were both starving. Jason and Gary
pretended to eat with us but they were really letting us eat the lot. It didn't
take long before we'd scoffed the lot.
"Listen you two," said Jason. "I know it's not perfect but I guess you'd like to
consummate the marriage but we dare not leave you alone. If you were caught on
your own outside the gorge and in each other's arms then I wouldn't like to know
what the consequences would be. If you're happy for us to stay around and let's
be fair we've already seen everything anyhow, the we'll wait for you to make
love with each other."
Peter and I looked at each other and nodded. 
"Thank you. We would appreciate it if you'd hang on." I said.
Peter and I embraced each other. I whispered in his ear, "I meant everything I
said."
"Me too," he whispered back.
We kissed and hugged each other for quite a while. I didn't want to let go of
him even though we just committed our lives together.
"Please take off your shorts. I want to have good look at you." I whispered in
his ear.
He pulled his shorts off and threw them over to where Jason and Gary were. I
just stood a distance and looked at him. I couldn't believe the feelings that I
was feeling. Everything about him was perfect and he'd given it all to me. I
gestured for him to turn around and he did. Perfection again. If there were any
imperfections then love was hiding them from my eyes. I pulled my shorts off and
approached my love. I kissed him gently on the back of his neck. I wrapped my
arms around him and pressed myself into his back. Even his aroma was perfect. I
really didn't know that I'd had these feelings for him inside me. Obviously
Jason and/or Gary had noticed it and that's why they arranged this ceremony for
us. The strapping of us together was just a test of our true feelings. I kissed
him some more around his neck and shoulders. I gently pushed my erect penis
between the cheeks of his bum.
"Oh yes please," he whispered to me. "I want you inside me more than ever."
I grasped my arms around him, gently caressing his beautiful chest. I eased my
penis into his opening. The pre-cum that was oozing from me soon lubricated it.
With a small push of my hips it slipped all the way in. I almost came straight
away. Peter could feel the throb in my penis has I let the feeling subside.
"It feels like it's as good for you as it is for me." Peter said to me.
"I nearly lost it then. You're so beautiful. More beautiful than I've ever seen
you before. I want this moment to last for ever but my cock has other ideas."
"Don't worry about it. I'm close to coming myself. Having your cock inside me
has never felt like this before. My whole body feels alive with you close to
me."
"What an old man like me. You don't have say things like that just to please
me," I said to him convinced that he couldn't possibly find me attractive.
"Believe me I'm not. Perhaps the saying that love is blind is true. To me you're
perfect. If you have any wrinkles then I can't see them. All I want is you close
to me for the rest of my life."
Without pumping or even moving my cock, it released its load into Peter. His
words were enough for me. He drew away from me and we disconnected. He turned me
around and began kissing my neck and shoulders. He worked his way down my back
and was soon popping his tongue in my anus. I didn't particularly want him to do
it but I guess he thought that it would prove his love for me. He moved his way
back up my back and his arms wrapped around themselves around me and he started
playing with my nipples. He knew I loved that. 
"I'm sorry but I can't find anything wrong with you," he said to me as he
slipped his penis inside me. "If you told me that I couldn't ever do this to you
again and would accept it. I love you and I want to make you happy."
I felt good inside with his words. A wave of happiness ran through my body like
an electric shock. My buttocks squeezed together ever so slightly and I felt his
love juice release into me. We held ourselves in the same position for a while
enjoying the new feelings that we were experiencing. 
"We'd better go now," said Jason. "You guys really love each other. I hope it's
not going to effect your sexual appetite for the rest of us."
"I doubt it," I said. 
"No way," said Peter.
"Good. Anyhow, I reckon you both came three times each." Said Jason winking at
us. "So that's thirty pence each." He put thirty pence into each of our pouches
and left along with Gary.
"Guess we better get back," I said to Peter.
"Guess we ought to."
We slowly strolled back towards the camp with our arms around each other. It
might seem incredible but I felt like the happiest man in the world. I never
thought that today would turn out like it has. We talked about our feelings as
we walked and both agreed that no matter what the next few days had in store for
us, nothing could destroy our new feelings for each other.
As we arrived back at our camp we discovered that all twelve girls were there
along with Bob and Simon. All the girls were dressed which made us feel very
aware of our nakedness. They weren't forcing us to do anything, not yet anyway,
but instead we had to sit with them. The girls were discussing the male body and
in particular about our appendages. They laughed and joked about having this
thing hanging between their legs. They all agreed that it had its conveniences
and in particular when having a pee. Males had the ability to aim their pee and
they could just pop it out and go. Where they had drop their pants instead. It
felt uncomfortable that they were talking about us and not to us. We were
requested to demonstrate our abilities to control the flow of our pee. Having to
have a piss with twelve eager girls watching is very strange. They had us doing
several other little demonstrations and experiments.
One of the girls asked the group whether a male train was possible. She
explained what she meant and they decided that they would try it out. Just to
make it more interesting they got one of their female slaves to undress from the
waist down and got her to lay face up on top of a fallen tree. With her legs
spread and myself in a standing position, I was requested to penetrate her. Once
my cock was firmly implanted, Simon was told to insert his cock into my arse.
Then Peter had to enter Simons and finally Bob had to enter Peter's. Finally one
of the girls inserted a dildo up Bob. We were then told to start pumping each
other. The whole thing failed straight away. Cocks had to reinserted. One of the
girls then had an idea. She tapped me on the shoulder and said "Your number
one." She then went down the line making Simon number two, Peter back to number
one and Bob number two again.
"When I call ONE, I want the number ones to thrust slowly forward and back
again. The number twos to keep perfectly still. Then when I call TWO, I want the
number twos to do the same and the ones to keep still. Do you understand?" We
all nodded. "Okay stand-by. If this works then we'll continue until all have you
have come. I want you to hold your hand in the air once you have come. One...
two... one... two... one..." This time it worked and we settled into a rhythm.
The girl increased the speed of the calls and we were pumping faster and faster.
Simon was the first to put his hand up followed by Bob, then me and finally
Peter.
We disconnected ourselves while the girls laughed at the spectacle they just
seen. We were then ordered to have a shower under the waterfall. The cold water
soon effected our already deflated cocks and when we got back out of the water,
the girls were amused at the sizes of cocks. Even Simon had shrunk quite
dramatically and it looked odd sitting above his huge balls. We sat grouped
together shivering while they carried on joking and talking. After a while the
group of girls began to break up and eventually we were on our own.
It was probably lunchtime so we guessed we'd have a little peace for a while. We
started a fire and sat around it. We broke the news about Peter and I getting
married. I think they thought we were joking at first but the soon realised that
we serious about it. They congratulated us and wished us all the best for the
future. We then got on the subject of what had happened to me last night. I
softened the ordeal as much as I could and try to make light of it. I broke the
news to Bob that it was his turn tonight. A mixture of fear and delight came
across his face. We decided to check our money situation and we now had one
pound and thirty-six pence. We were quite pleased with ourselves.
Our peace was disturbed by a couple of boys who requested that Peter and I join
them. They led us out of the gorge and down to the river. There amongst the
trees was a huge display of flowers in a heart shape with the words 'Just
Married' hanging above them.
"We heard that you two tied the knot today," said the older of the two boys.
"The wardens have agreed that this will be your new home until six-thirty when
you have to go back to the gorge. Neither of you is permitted to leave the bed
of flowers until then." Peter and I stepped onto the bed of flowers. "Now let's
see you enjoy each other and make love!"
Although the situation wasn't ideal, especially having an audience, at least
Peter and I could make love and be together. I knew our audience was going to
stay until we'd shown them some action, so I whispered to Peter, "69". Peter
nodded. We laid next to each other in a 69 position and began to suck each
other. For the first time I felt I was in no rush to make Peter come and indeed
for Peter to make me come. I think Peter felt the same. Instead we used our
tongues to lick around our cocks. We teased each other's balls. A few times I
took Peter's whole ball sack into my mouth. A little pre-cum appeared on the tip
of his penis. With just the tip of my tongue I scooped up the fluid. I tasted
different this time. I carried on poking the tip of my tongue into the opening
of his penis. Peter reciprocated.  I felt so at peace with the world. The
ecstatic feeling running through me ran down to my organ and I came. Peter was
frantically licking the substance as quick as it was coming out. Peter soon
followed and I too was licking him clean.
"Not bad," said the two boys as they threw twenty pence at us. We'd almost
forgotten that they were there. They left us on our own.
I turned myself around and took Peter into arms. We laid down on our backs and
Peter nursed into my chest. We were in heaven. In all my years I'd never felt so
content. We talked about the future and we even planned to run away somewhere
abroad when we got back home. We later decided that it wouldn't be fair on
Peter's parents and to Peter's education. It was fun however dreaming about
being together.
During the course of the afternoon we were visited several times and we
collected one pound twenty pence. A lot of money and we didn't even feel that we
had to work for it. We saw Bob arrive at the oak tree and guessed it must be
about six-thirty. We just managed to wish him good luck as the wardens arrived
and marched him off. Peter and I went back to our camp where we found Simon
waiting.
"Where have you two been all afternoon?" Simon asked.
"They got wind that we were married and we had to show our love for each other
all afternoon. We didn't do bad either, one pound twenty. Not bad, eh?" I
answered.
"Not bad at all. Bob and I have been busy as well. Another seventy-two pence
between the two of us. I reckon that makes a grand total of three pounds forty.
Just over a third of the way in one and half days."
The thought of another three days of this was a bit daunting. We pooled our
money together and I had gone to hide it. I found a little note where we hide
our money. I read it out loud for the others to hear. 
"We couldn't let your special day pass without a little present. Find the yellow
rock by the waterfall and you'll find your present. Love Jason and Gary."
We got excited at what we might find. We went to the waterfall and began
searching for a yellow rock. We couldn't find any yellow rocks. We were about to
give up thinking it was a sick joke being played on us, when I noticed a little
blob of paint on one of the boulders. It was yellow paint. We searched around
the boulder and found a plastic container wedged underneath one side of it. It
was full of food. We took it back to our camp and tucked in. I also found a note
inside with the food and I read it out. "We're glad you found it okay. The camp
has decided to leave you alone for the night, so you can relax and enjoy
yourselves. Can you please return the plastic container to where you found it.
We'll collect it sometime tomorrow. Have fun. Love Jason and Gary."
"You'll have to get married more often," said Simon with a grin on his face.
"No way," I said. "There's only one person for me and he's here with me now." I
looked at Peter and he gave me a smile in return.
We got the fire going again and finished of the food. We recollected the day's
events and generally relaxed and enjoyed ourselves. Peter was feeling tired and
he rested his head on my lap. It wasn't long before he dropped off to sleep.
Simon and I carried on chatting for quite a long while. Simon kept supplying
more wood to the fire and we enjoyed the heat it was supplying.
"I feel a bit of gooseberry now," said Simon out of the blue.
"Don't be silly," I replied. "Peter and I may have committed our love to each
other but we both agree that we are happy for each other to enjoy other people
as well. I still find you very attractive."
"Really. I thought you and I would never be able to enjoy each other again."
"No you're wrong. Peter and I have discussed it at length this afternoon and we
both feel comfortable with sharing our bodies." I gently lifted Peter's head off
my lap and placed his arm under his head. I walked around the fire and sat next
to Simon. I put my arm around Simons shoulders. "I love you just like I did
before. The love I feel for Peter is different that's all." I kissed him on his
chest. I kissed him some more and sucked one of his nipples. Simon soon rose to
the occasion. His magnificent organ was beckoning me to suck it. I wrapped my
hands around his shaft and began sucking in earnest. We were interrupted with a
voice.
"Can I join in?" said Peter. He'd just woken up.
"Of course you can," I answered.
I lifted Simon up by his hips until he was in a kneeling position. I then
continued sucking on his organ while Peter pushed his cock into Simons arse.
Simon groaned with the double pleasure and was busy caressing his own chest. The
groans got louder and more frequent as Peter and I heated up the action. I just
caught Peter's legs beginning to tremble out the corner of my eye when Simon
released his load into my mouth. I drained every last drop from him. We then
collapsed on the floor with Simon in the middle. We cuddled into Simons chest
with Peter and my arms locked together. We all dropped off to sleep.
I awoke a few hours later. I remembered that we hadn't returned the plastic
container to its hiding place. I carefully got up trying not to disturb the
others. Peter did disturb.
"Where you going?" Peter whispered.
"I'm just going to return the plastic container before we forget. You stay there
and keep warm."
"Okay, don't be long."
The fire had died down, so I added some more wood and stoked it up a little. I
then picked up the container and headed towards the waterfall. It was all
virtually pitch black accept for the little light coming from the moon. I
followed the edge of the stream until I could hear the waterfall. I could just
see the outline of the boulder that I was looking for. I climbed up the side of
the rocks heading for my target when I lost my footing. I slipped on some algae
or something. I tried to grab onto the rocks but failed to get any grip and I
slid down towards the water. Gravity was taking me on a direct route that took
me over the edge of a sheer drop to the stream. A drop of ten or twelve feet. I
fell awkwardly and I heard an almighty crack as I landed. My leg was obviously
broken but I couldn't feel it as the icy cold water was numbing it. 
"PETER," I shouted on the top of my voice. "SIMON! I need help."
I carried on shouting and shouting but I was too far away for them to hear me. A
couple of time I attempted to get up but couldn't. I tried dragging myself along
the rocks but the cold was making me too weak. I managed to get most of myself
out of the water and then finally gave up. I was going to have to wait for help.
I prepared myself that I would probably have to wait until morning. I made
myself as comfortable as possible and tried to sleep. As time wore on the pain
from my leg increased as life came back to it. I tried to think about pleasant
things and how Peter and I were hopefully going to share our lives somehow.
Probably an hour or so had passed when I heard a voice shouting my name.
"I'm over here," I shouted. "Near the waterfall!"
I could hear them approaching. It was Simon and Peter.
"What happened?" said Peter.
"I slipped from up there," I said pointing above my head. "I've broken my leg."
"Do you reckon you could walk if we helped you?" said Simon.
"I'll give it a go," I answered.
Peter lifted me under one arm and Simon the other. They managed to get me to my
feet. I tried to put a little weight on my injured leg but the pain was too
intense. We managed to walk down the stream a little way and on to dry land.
They laid me down on some grass. The pain was incredible and I told them that I
couldn't go any further. Simon volunteered to get help while Peter stayed with
me. I told Simon to take care and not to rush. We didn't want another casualty!
I laid there in Peter's arms and we waited for help to arrive. I was barely
conscious and engulfed in pain but it still felt lovely being held in Peter's
arms. 
I can't recall much else until I awoke in Jeff's tent. Apparently Simon had made
it to the camp and raised the alarm. They had constructed a make shift stretcher
and had brought me back to the camp. Jeff had set my broken leg and set it in a
plaster cast. Fortunately he had brought a range of medical supplies with him in
case of such an accident. He knew that we would be isolated. 
"How you feeling," said Jeff to me.
"Okay I guess," I replied. I felt Peter's hand grip mine as he was sitting next
to me.
"You've broken your right fib and tib I'm afraid'" said Jeff. "They're clean
breaks so they should heal well and shouldn't cause you any long-term problems.
However, that cast will have to stay on for a couple of months."
"Thanks Doc."
"That's okay. I'm sorry it happened. We'll break camp tomorrow and get you back
to civilisation."
"No," I replied. "There's no need for that. I can manage. I don't want to spoil
everybody else's fun. Besides, we haven't fulfilled our punishments yet have we
boys?"
"If your absolutely sure," Jeff continued. "Then okay, I guess it won't hurt for
us to stay. David your punishment has been paid for in full. The punishment of
being banished from the camp will cease forthwith for the rest of you. You will
be permitted to eat by the wishes of the rest of the camp but I will insist that
you be permitted to eat at least your supper. You shall continue to be slaves to
the rest of the camp but we shall wave payments for your services. In return you
will be slaves 24 hours a day until Saturday night. The same goes for Bob and
you will still be required to undergo the same treatment as he is. Simon you
will be next tomorrow night. I've heard about you and Peter, Dave, and this
wasn't a good way to finish your wedding day. By the way you have my full
support in what you've done and I wish more people had the courage to go through
with it. Therefore, Peter I insist that you look after your new husband and see
to his needs whenever you can. I will get you as much free time as I can. If
you're all happy with that then I'll bid you all good night."
"Good night and thanks Jeff."
"By the way, I've had your stuff moved in here and from now on I'll be staying
in your tent. There's more room in this tent for you Dave. Simon your kit has
been moved into Bob's tent and Peter your kit is over there." Jeff said as he
left.
"How you really feeling, Dave." Said Peter.
"Not to bad at all. I guess Jeff has given me one of his special potions. I just
feel a bit tired."
"Then off to sleep with you," Peter ordered. "Simon it's up to you, your welcome
to stay the night with us or you can have a peaceful night in your own tent."
"I think I'd like to go to my own tent. I fancy putting on my own clothes and
sleeping in my own sleeping bag. So I'll bid you both good night. I think I'll
pop and see Bob before I turn in," he said with a smile on his face as he left.
He zipped down the tent.
Peter covered me with a couple more blankets, climbed in next to me and put my
head on his chest. The warmth of his body soon soothed me and I drifted off in
to a deep sleep.

THURSDAY

"Good morning love," said Peter to me as he handed me a mug of coffee.
"Good morning beautiful," I replied. "That's just what I needed."
"How's the leg?"
"Twitching a little but not too bad."
"You better have one of these then," he said as he handed me a tablet. "Jeff
said to take them four times a day and they'll help to keep you comfortable
without making you drowsy." I popped the tablet into my mouth and swallowed some
coffee to help it down. "I hope didn't mind but I got dressed earlier this
morning. I just wanted to remember what it was like to have clothes!"
"Love, you do what makes you happy. In fact it's nice to see you in clothes
again. They make you look really sexy. I wish I could dress as well but with
this cast on my leg I don't think I'll be able to."
"Well eventually we'll have to cut one of your trousers but just at the moment I
don't think you should disturb that leg. On the other hand there's no reason you
can't wear a shirt. Would you like me to get you one?"
"If you would," I replied. 
Peter found a clean shirt and he helped me on with it. He put our rucksacks
behind me and covered them with his sleeping bag so that I could sit up. He
wrapped a blanket around my lower body and made sure it was nice and snug. He
then sat alongside me and we drank the rest of our coffees. Once again I smelled
the aroma of Peter's body even though it was now fully clothed. I'd never
noticed it before until I smelt it for the first time yesterday. Sure some
people smell of sweat or whatever but this wasn't a nasty smell but a pleasant
aroma.
"Don't take this the wrong way, love, but all of a sudden I can smell something
different about you." I said to him hoping he wouldn't be offended.
"You calling me smelly!"
"No, it's not unpleasant. In fact it turns me on."
"Funny you should say that but I too have noticed a new aroma coming from you. I
don't always notice it until I am away from you and then I miss it."
"Strange." I said as I carefully turned to face him. The top of his shirt was
unbuttoned and I stuck my nose into the opening and sniffed. "Lovely. I reckon
it's coming from down here," I said as I unbuttoned a couple of buttons.
"Perhaps it's further down," I continued as I unbuttoned the rest of his shirt
and peeled it back.
"I know what you're up to," he said smiling. 
"I can't help it, you're just so beautiful."
"Now don't get yourself too excited," he said as he pressed my hand against his
chest.
"I can't afford to get too excited. I'm bursting for pee. I think you'll have to
get me a pan or something in a minute."
"Don't be daft. If you want to go then I'll help you. I've never taken your piss
before but I would like to now."
"You don't have to."
"I want to."
He lowered the blanket covering me. He placed a towel under me and took the end
of my cock in his mouth. "Okay!" came a muffled sound. I began to empty my
bladder and Peter was swallowing it as quick as I could supply it. I squirted
the last few drops into him.
"That's better," I said. "Thanks for that."
"My pleasure. You just let me know when you need to go again."
He pulled out the towel. He hadn't needed it as he'd managed to not spill a
drop. He wrapped the blanket back around me. He slipped his shirt off and sat
back down next to me. I laid the side of my head on his chest and put my arm
around his waist and dropped off to sleep.
I awoke sometime later as I filled my lovers mouth my cum. Apparently I had been
dreaming about something or another and Peter had seen my hard on raising the
blanket that covered me. He'd been told that he had to do some slave duties and
it hadn't wanted to leave me in the state I was in. So he'd given me a blow job
and it wasn't until I came that I'd woken up.
I watched as Peter undressed himself and watched as his little naked round butt
disappeared through the tent door. He'd been gone just a few minutes when the
tent zip rose and in popped a young lad.
"Hi," the lad said to me. "My master has requested that I come in and entertain
you for a while."
"That's nice of him or her," I answered.
"Him actually."
"Okay then him. I don't think I've had the pleasure of meeting you before, have
I?"
"Not formally. Although I have seen your naked butt up close a couple of nights
ago."
"Oh, yes," I answered remembering that all them had penetrated me at some stage.
"My name is James but they all call me Jimmy. I was ten last month and just old
enough to come to camp."
"Well I'm pleased to meet you Jimmy. Would you like to come and sit next to me?"
"Okay."
The boy sat along side me. We chatted for a while about school and then went on
to talking about the camp and what he'd been doing since he'd arrived. Out of
the blue he jumped up to his feet and said, "Would you like me strip off for
you?"
"If you want to," I replied.
He undid his shirt and revealed that he was wearing a vest. The old fashioned
type of vest that I remembered wearing as a kid. The type made of white cotton
that tapered down to a band that rested of your shoulder blades. He dropped his
denim jeans to the floor and revealed his matching pair of Y-fronts. There was
something quite exciting about seeing a boy wearing a vest and underpants. He
lifted the front of his vest up and with one sweeping motion he lifted it off
over his head. This revealed a rather white and skinny little body. His chest
wasn't at all developed and his nipples were still small and flat. He had
freckles across his chest and later I would see that his back was covered too.
He then pulled his underpants down to the ground revealing his little boner. It
was sticking out from him at an angle of 90 degrees and measuring about 2 inches
or so. The sack underneath it was still relatively taught but showed signs of
beginning to drop. He placed his hands behind his head so that I could see him
in his entirety. Apart from his head of hair, there were no signs of any other
body hair. Even his armpits were as smooth as a baby's bum.
I wouldn't have wanted to hurt his feelings but he had nothing to really
interest me. I like youngsters but he was just a little too young and
underdeveloped. I'm sure in a year's time he'd look completely different. He
would probably still be interesting to many on the camp.
"Would you like to suck me?" little Jimmy asked.
"Yes please," I said, as I didn't want to hurt him.
He placed his legs either side of me so that his little boner was directly in
front of me. I took his little cock into my mouth. It was like putting a
cigarette in your mouth. It was hard to create a seal around it. I pushed more
of it into my mouth until I had his balls as well. This seemed to excite him a
little. A wrapped my tongue around it while it was in my mouth and began to
tease it. Then I tasted a little of his pre-cum and I was surprised how nice it
was. I began to really play with him in earnest and his hips began to sway and I
guessed he wasn't far off coming. Sure enough I felt the surges of thin and
runny cum hit the roof of my mouth. There wasn't much of it but what there was
beautiful. I guess you can't always tell from the packaging. He pulled his
underpants back on and quickly dressed. We said our good-byes and off he went.
I'd hardly leant back to relax when someone else unzipped the tent. In popped a
lovely looking girl who I recognised as being Liz. Liz had the biggest pair of
breasts in the camp and I had the good fortune to taste them earlier in the
week.
"My master says that I should come and entertain you."
"Fuck me," I said. "Are you lot queue out there or what?"
"There's no one out there. Jeff did ask everybody to help keep you company,
that's all."
"Okay that's good. Your Liz aren't you?"
"That's right and your wish is my command."
That sounded like music to my ears. "Come over here then. Sit across me but be
careful of my leg."
She lifted her skirt a little and sat down over my lap so that her knees were
either side of me. I unbuttoned her shirt and slid it down her arms. There in
front of me was her wonderful breasts still cupped in her flimsy bra. I admired
their beauty for while before undoing the front clasp of her bra. As I released
the clasp, the bra sprung open and her big naked breasts greeted me. I grasped
her breasts but they were bigger than I could get in my hands. Her nipples were
standing proud and I lent forward and popped one in my mouth. She liked the
feeling and started grinding her cunt into my lap. After a while a transferred
to her other nipple until I slumped back with exhaustion. She could see that I
was tired so she took the initiative of unbuttoning my shirt. After pealing the
shirt back she began sucking my nipples. She then pressed her breasts against
mine while still pressing her cunt down against my lap. I ran my hands up the
side of her legs and under her skirt. I soon realised that she was wearing a
wrap around skirt and undid it and pulled it off her. I could now see the dark
patch of her crotch through her see through panties. I'm sure she could feel my
erection through the blanket and she kept running her fanny up and down the
blanket. We looked into each other's eyes and without speaking we knew what we
were about to do. She lifted herself up to her feet. While she was towering over
me she pealed down the front of her panties letting me see her cunt up close. I
pulled the blanket around me down so as to free my cock. She peered down at it
and then carefully lowered herself down on it. It slid right in without a hitch.
She teased it at first by contracting her vaginal muscles. My hands caressed the
parts of her body that I could reach. She began riding up and down my shaft. Her
tits were bouncing up and down as she did it. As it wasn't that long ago since
I'd last come and was able to hold myself back. We were locked in a rage of
passion for some twenty minutes or so before I finally came. She had managed to
orgasm several times during that session. Finally she climbed off me and
collapsed along side me. We were both covered in sweat. She gently played with
my deflated cock for while as we rested. When she'd got her breath back, she
picked up her clothes and left.
I was half expecting another caller but alas nobody came. I made myself
comfortable and nodded off to sleep. I awoke sometime later as Peter handed me a
coffee.
"Did you have a nice snooze," Peter asked.
"Not bad. How's things with you?"
"Busy. I've got some time off now though. So I thought I'd come and keep you
company."
"I can see you've been busy," I said noticing the red marks across his back and
buttocks. "They look a little sore. Come here and let me kiss them better."
Peter came and sat next to me with his back towards me. I put my coffee down and
started kissing his wounds. The kisses soon turned to licks. I got him to sit up
a little while my tongue licked the wounds on his buttocks as well. He then
climbed under my blanket and we had a little cuddle while I fondled his cock. 
"Bob's got over his treatment through the night," Peter told me. "They did
pretty much the same as they did to you. He had couple of new names written on
his back."
"Simon would be one and I guess you as well."
"I hope you didn't mind but I popped out early this morning. I went out of
curiosity more than anything to see what happens but while I was there I just
thought I'd might as well add my name to his list."
"Don't worry about it. I would have been disappointed if you hadn't."
"Is it okay to come in?" came a voice from outside the tent. I recognised the
voice as Jeff's.
"Come in, Jeff," I shouted.
"Time for check-up," said Jeff as he entered the tent. "Can you help him off
with his shirt, young man."
Peter helped me take my shirt off as Jeff removed the blanket that was covering
me. Jeff first checked the plaster cast and asked me if it felt too tight. I
told him that it wasn't overly tight. Jeff ran his finger around the top of the
cast and seemed happy with it. He then moved down to my toes and checked I could
feel then okay.
"Fine," he said. "Everything looks fine down there. Now I need to check you
over."
He stuck a thermometer down the side of my cock between my leg and my balls. He
then put on his stethoscope and listened to my chest. He then helped me to lean
forward and he listened on my back. He then took my pulse before pulling the
thermometer out and reading it. "Perfect. No adverse reactions so far. I notice
that you keeping your penis busy."
"How do you know that," I asked.

"Just look at the state of it. Covered in dried sex fluids."
"Well aren't you going to clean it for me?" I asked jokingly. 
To my surprise Jeff started licking my cock clean with his tongue. I soon had an
erection. The licking got more intense as I responded and soon he was taken my
whole cock into his mouth. One of his hands went and undid his trousers. His
other hand joined it and he pulled the back of his trousers and shorts down
revealing his arse.
"Okay young man, get stuck in," he said to Peter, surprising us both.
Peter didn't need telling twice. He soon had his cock firmly planted inside
Jeff. Although we'd managed to hold ourselves back for three or four minutes, it
was incredible that Peter and myself came at exactly the same time. Jeff then
stood up as if to pull up his pants when he noticed the marks on Peter's back.
"They look nasty," he said to Peter as he turned him around to have a closer
inspection. Jeff went into his bag and produced a bottle of lotion. "This will
help." With a piece of cotton wool, Jeff started dabbing the lotion on Peter's
back. He started at the top and worked down. Then he noticed that Peter's
buttocks needed some as well. He pushed Peter forward so he could apply some
lotion to his buttocks. "Oh fuck it," said Jeff. "You've got me going with that
lovely bottom of yours. Do you mind Dave if I you know?"
"Carry on. You don't mind do you Peter?"
Peter shook his head. 
Jeff lowered his pants further so that his cock was free. He slipped it into
Peter and began thrusting his hips. "No wonder you love this boy," Jeff said to
me with a smile on his face. "He's a wonderful fuck!" It was only a few moments
before Jeff's face changed and I could see that he was letting his cum fill my
Peter. Jeff seemed a little embarrassed at what he'd done and leapt up to his
feet, pulled his pants back up, grabbed his medical bag and disappeared out of
the tent.
"You know you mean more than a good fuck to me, don't you?" I said to Peter
concerned at what Jeff had said.
"If we're going to have a future together," he started. "You're going to have to
stop doubting my love for you and how I feel about our relationship."
"Fair enough," I answered. "I'll say no more."
"Do you need a pee yet?"
"Well actually yes I do."
"Why haven't you told me like I asked?"
"Sorry!"
Peter took the contents of my bladder into his stomach without spilling a drop.
I told him that I was fed up being stuck in the tent. He said he'd go and ask
for some help to see if he could get me outside for a while. He was gone a few
minutes and he returned with a few helpers. They'd decided, as I couldn't put
any weight on my leg, they would drag me out instead. They placed a spare
groundsheet just outside the tent. Then they grabbed the end of my sleeping bag
and dragged it out of the tent. The sleeping bag slid fairly easily over the
plastic sheeting. Peter was concerned that I didn't have my blanket over me.
"I've got nothing that everybody hasn't already seen," I said.
"I hadn't thought of it like that," he said laughing.
The cool late afternoon air felt lovely on my naked body. I thanked the boys for
helping and they want on their way. Peter dragged out one of the rucksacks and
placed it behind me so I could lay back against it. I could see just about all
the camp from where I was laying. It was interesting watching the numerous
activities that were going on between slaves and their masters. When they
realised that I was out of the tent, more and more people were doing their
activities in the open where I could see them. During the last couple of hours
before supper I was constantly entertained. At one stage a couple of masters
thought I'd like to watch two of the younger slaves fuck each other. I
recognised them as James and Samantha. James vaginally fucked Sam only a couple
of feet away from me. Then young Jimmy was brought out and he anally fucked Sam.
Then it was Gary's turn to be sucked off by Sam. Sam was later carted off with
cum oozing out of every orifice on her body.
Later I watched the group of girls grab my Peter. They staked him down on the
ground and took turns pissing on him. I knew what that was like. They then threw
several buckets of icy cold water over him before releasing him. Then the girls
got a group of four boys and tied their hands behind their backs. They then
enticed the boys into having erections and then played a game of hoopla. With
little plastic rings they would take turns in throwing them and trying to hook
them on their boy's penis. The girl with the most rings hanging off her boy's
penis would be the winner. I quite enjoyed watching this game. Each girl was
responsible for keeping her boy's penis erect and if it went limp and the rings
fell off then those rings were discounted. 
As six-thirty arrived, I watched the wardens carting off Simon for his night of
sensual depravation. They returned only moments later and stood alongside me.
This time it wasn't to cart me off some form of punishment but instead to help
to the mess tent ready for supper. They said if I'd like to go now, I could
watch Simon being prepared for his night's activity. I said that it sounded
interesting and if it were no bother, I would be grateful. One of them got my
shirt and blanket out of the tent. Two of them put their hands under my bum and
lifted me bodily into the air. They then carried me to the mess tent and sat me
down gain on a home made chair. They helped me on with my shirt and wrapped the
blanket around my waist. 
I watched as they began the process of preparing Simon. Everything was pretty
much the same as I'd experienced. They seemed to have a little problem fitting
the cock restraint, as it wasn't big enough. A large section of his cock was
still exposed, where it had covered all but the tip of my cock. They managed to
clamp it into position and it almost looked like another leg of the table! They
couldn't hang the weights on his nipples as we had had our loops connected
through our nipples removed. Instead they used some lighter weights and clipped
them on with crocodile clips. I wasn't too sure which was worse. Finally the
preparations were completed and instead of putting up the canvas partition they
closed the tent door. I guess they did it so I could watch while they took turns
penetrating Simons arse. 
Once the wardens had all had their way with Simon, one came up to me and asked
me if I'd like to have a go.
"I don't think it's going to be possible," I replied.
"Would you like to?"
"Yes I would if it was possible."
They sorted it out amongst them and the next minute they'd scooped me out of my
chair and carried me over to Simon. They slowly lowered me until my good leg was
on the ground. Two of them kept their heads under my arms and holding most of my
weight. They got me up really close. They whipped my towel away and another held
up my shirt out of the way. My cock was now well erect and perfectly in line
with Simons opening. I felt one of them apply pressure to the base of my spine
and in slipped my cock. I still didn't have the ability to pump and so one of
them grabbed me around my hips and pumped for me. It was a strange sensation
having all these people around me helping to fuck someone. I was getting used to
these weird and wonderful situations I was finding myself in. My hips began to
pump quicker and harder. I held back as long as I could, as I didn't want to
disappoint my helpers after all their efforts. Eventually I succumbed to the
pressure welling up inside me and I shot my load. I then had to tell them that
I'd come and that they could stop. Very strange. One of them handed me a pen and
I wrote my name on Simons back. They then lifted me up and put me back in my
chair. One of them cleaned me up and then wrapped the blanket back around me and
helped me back on with my shirt. The partition was put up and the tent door
reopened. 
The mess tent soon filled up as they filed in for their supper. All the slaves
were naked but the masters were dressed. This made it easier to spot who was
who. The slaves had to serve the food to the masters. Only when the masters were
happy were the slaves permitted to eat their food. Bob approached me with my
supper.
"Hi," he said. "Sorry I haven't had chance to see so far today. They've been
keeping me busy. Sorry to hear about your accident. How is it?"
"Pretty good."
"It must of hurt when you did it. Looking on the bright side, at least we get to
eat now!"
"That's true," I answered laughing.
Bob stayed with me during supper and kept me company. We talked about what Simon
was about to go through tonight. Bob had enjoyed the experience although he'd
found it very exhausting. He'd managed to clock up three more signatures on his
back than I had got the night before. I could still see the faint outlines of
the signatures on his bare back.
After we'd finished supper, Jeff started his usual address to the group. He
announced that once again it was up to each pair to decide who was to be master
and who was to be the slave. He also announced that if they wanted to switch
partners they could as long as all parties agreed and that they maintained the
junior and senior combination.
He then got my Peter to stand up in front of the group with his back to them.
Jeff then told them, "See these marks. I don't know who's responsible for them
and I don't want to know. However, I ask you all to bear in mind that we will be
going home in a few days. If one of your parents saw these kinds of marks then
we would all be in trouble. So use your common sense and avoid this kind of
thing happening again. A little spanking won't hurt but anything other than that
could leave long lasting marks. Finally, as you know, Dave agreed to let the
camp continue even though he should be at home with his injuries. I think we
should all be grateful to him for that. I've therefore decided that each of you
should show your gratitude personally. I know some of you already have. I will
pin this list on the mess tent door. It's an approximate timetable for each of
you to visit Dave tomorrow. We will cordon off the rear of this tent and Dave
will be waiting for you there. You'll have to make your own arrangements with
your master or slave. I think it would be nice if you arrive fully dressed and
then let Dave decide what you should do. Don't forget that we have a new victim
behind the screen tonight for your pleasure. Make sure you all visit him at
least once during the night. That's all, have fun."
The hubbub of the group got quite loud as they individually discussed partner
swapping and who was going to be master and who was going to be a slave.
Obviously some were changing roles as they were being ordered to strip while
others dressed. Some disappeared behind the screen to have fun with Simon. Peter
had joined Bob and me as neither of them had the option of changing roles, as
they were both group slaves. We watched as several new salves were broken in and
forced to do humiliating acts in front of the rest of the group. After a couple
of hours or so the group began to disperse. A couple of the wardens approached
me and asked if I was ready to go back to my tent. I said I did and they carried
me home. Peter and Bob came with me. Peter made me comfortable while Bob made
some coffee outside the tent. He later brought in the coffee and we started to
drink it.
"Listen you two. You can get dressed if you prefer." I said to them.
"I'm okay," said Bob.
"And me," replied Peter.
"I'm afraid I'm too worn out to have sex," I offered. "But if you two want to
have fun, then carry on."
"I'm too tired as well," said Peter.
"Me too," said Bob. "Would you mind if I stayed the night with you two. I don't
fancy being on my own tonight."
"I have no objections," I replied. Peter agreed.
I slipped my shirt off and they covered me with a pile of blankets and they both
climbed in with me. One on each side. They both cuddled into me and I placed my
arms around them. It was very nice having two warm and naked bodies either side
of me. We made light talk for a while but it tapered out as each of us drifted
off to sleep.

FRIDAY

"Do you need a pee," said Bob to me, waking me up.
"Good morning, where's Peter?" I replied.
"He's making the breakfast. He was going to ask you if you needed a pee but I
volunteered to do it for you while he made the breakfast. Do you?"
"Sure do."
He pulled the blankets off me and took my limp penis into his mouth. I started
to go and he began to swallow. He was as good as Peter and never lost a drop of
it. The release of my urine had made me want to shit. Pains started to well up
inside me. It had been a long time since the last time I'd gone. Bob noticed
that I was in some kind of discomfort.
"What's the matter?" he said to me.
"Nothing," I replied.
"Come on, I can see that something is bothering you." He paused for a moment. "I
know what it is, you need a crap don't you?"
"I'm afraid I do."
He called for Peter to come back in. He explained to Peter that I needed a crap.
Peter produced a big cooking pot.
"Jeff knew you'd want to go eventually so he gave me this," said Peter.
They rolled up some blankets and sleeping bags and placed then either side of
the pot. They then lifted me up from under my arms and dragged me onto the pot.
This was embarrassing but I was too desperate to care and I lightened my load.
After I'd finished they rolled me off the pot and laid me on my side. Peter then
washed by bum. A very degrading thing for him to have to do but he did it
without a word. They then got me back on my bed and made me comfortable. I
thanked them for what they done. Bob carried out the pot and was gone for quite
some time.
Peter went out and checked that the breakfast was cooking okay and then returned
with a bowl of warm water. He once again took off my blankets and with a flannel
he gave me a bed bath. I also brushed my teeth and Peter combed my hair. I was
now clean and groomed and it felt wonderful. I watched as Peter then washed
himself and cleaned his teeth.
Bob returned and we all had a cooked breakfast followed by a mug of coffee. Both
Bob and Peter had their shorts on but I was sitting there uncovered and naked.
It felt strange to be the only one naked for a change. Bob started playing with
my toes that were protruding through the plaster cast. He asked if they hurt and
I said no. He massaged them for me while Peter and I talked. We were both
surprised when Bob started to suck my big toe. I've always had a thing about
feet and have never found any attraction in them. Obviously Bob did and I wasn't
going to complain. His sucking was causing me to feel strange sensations in
different parts of my body. It felt so relaxing. 
"That's so incredible," I said out loud. "You really should try it Peter."
"I'll do you if want Peter," Bob said to him.
"Guess I'll try anything new," Peter replied.
Peter laid himself down and Bob lifted his foot. He placed his big toe into his
mouth and began sucking.
"Oooahh," Peter started. "I see what you mean. It effects your whole body."

Bob was called away to fulfil his slave duties. Peter told me how much he'd
enjoyed having his toe sucked. I said I'd have a go one-day when I was in the
right mood. He promised the same.
The wardens arrived at the tent to take me over to the mess tent. They lifted me
and carried me like before. When we got to the mess tent, they carried me
through to the back behind the screen. There was a new low down seat that they'd
spent the last couple of hours making just for me. They'd padded it with
blankets and suchlike making it as comfortable as possible. The wardens
explained that each visitor was allocated approximately fifteen minutes. I
wasn't to worry if I overrun this time allocation with some of the visitors but
I should try to keep some others shorter to make up for it. They had put a clock
nearby so I could keep an eye on the time. Alongside the chair was a table. On
it was a bell and I was to ring it when I wanted the next visitor to come in.
There was also a copy of the timetable, which listed the visitor's name along
with some personal details about them including their age. I was to note any
visitors who were late. There were numerous other things on the table including
some food and drink and few assorted sex toys should I need them. They said that
they'd check on me throughout the day and then left.
It was already two minutes past eight and my first visitor was at eight. I
checked the list and it was Peter. I rang the bell and in he walked. He was
fully clothed.
"We meet again," I said with a smile.
"Yep. Nice set up," he said looking around.
"Not bad is it? I think they've thought of just about everything."
"Well I'm yours. What do you want me to do?"
"I know your mine and I hope you always will be. For now though, strip down to
your shorts and lay down on the floor in front of me." Peter did as I
instructed. I always enjoyed watching my Peter peel off his clothes. He laid
down. "Closer!" I asked him. He wriggled closer to me so he had to bend his
knees up. I lifted one of his legs up on my lap. I took the flannel out of the
bowl of water on the table. I washed his foot. Cupping my hands under the heel
of his foot I lifted it up towards my mouth. I looked at his big toe and without
thinking too much about it I popped it into my mouth. It tasted strange but not
unpleasant. I began to suck it like I'd seen Bob do. I could see a look of
pleasure came over Peter's face and I knew I was doing it correctly. I moved on
to his other toes. He began to wriggle about with the sensations I was causing.
He was caressing his nipples and I could see I was really turning him on. I
still wasn't sure if I liked the idea of having someone's toes in my mouth but
Peter was enjoying it so much I knew I'd always do it for him.
"Would you like me to suck your toes?" Peter asked.
"Only if you really want to," I replied. "Don't feel obliged."
He washed one of my feet. He started with my big toe and slipped it in his
mouth. It felt great. After a while he moved on to my other toes. Wow, I was
feeling new sensations. I too had my hand under my shirt and was playing with my
nipples.
"I'd only do that for you," Peter said to me.
"Me too. Let's keep that special for just us. We'll only suck each others toes."
"Fine by me. It shall be an experience that only you and I shall share. I guess
my time is up already," he said as he looked at the clock.
"Time flies when you're enjoying yourself. Don't go yet though. Stay with me for
a while and enjoy some of my visitors."
"That'll be nice, thanks."
I picked up the bell and rang it. Checking the list I could see that my next
visitor was 16-year-old Eric, one of the wardens. I showed the list to Peter who
was standing behind me. He smirked at me. Eric entered.
"Hello Eric," I said. "Revenge seems to be on the cards for you. I won't treat
you too badly considering how kind you've been to me since the accident. First
of all you can remove that T-shirt and come over here!" Eric lifted his T-shirt
off over his head and threw it to one side. I made him turn around while I
cuffed his hands behind his back. I then turned him back to face me. Eric was a
big lad and quite hairy. I squeezed his nipples as hard as I could with my
fingers. He winced as I did it. 
"That's nothing compared to those dreaded bells you had fitted to our nipples!"
I said to him. "Peter, I'll give you the pleasure of debagging him!"
Peter pulled him away from me a little so I could watch better. He pulled Eric's
trousers down with force. Then grabbing his shorts he pulled them down with a
similar force. His cock sprang up with the rough treatment. Peter grabbed at his
organ and pulled him to me. Eric was a mass of hair from his belly down. I took
hold of his cock and yanked his foreskin back and he gave out a little whimper.
I grabbed his balls harshly as if to inspect them. I made him turn around and
pushed him forward making him bend over. I grabbed his arse cheeks and parted
them, stretching his anus wide open.
"Looks nice and clean," I said to Peter. "Would you like to do the honours?"
"My pleasure," he replied.
He pushed Eric to the centre of the tent still bending over. Peter pulled down
his shorts and out sprung his penis of perfection. He rubbed a little spit on
the end of it. He pushed Eric down a little causing him to bend his knees until
he was at the right height. Then he violently pressed his cock in as deep as it
would go. I saw the grimace on Eric's face. He fucked his arse with all the
force he could muster.  Eric's balls were swaying with the force. When Peter
came inside him he withdrew his cock and then pushed Eric so that he lost his
balance and crashed to the floor like a discarded toy. Peter saw an opportunity
and put his foot on Eric's cock, trapping it against his leg. His foreskin was
still drawn back and Peter had his foot firmly on the exposed tip. I could see
that Peter was applying more and more pressure to his foot until Eric finally
said, "I'm sorry. I apologise for everything that I put you through." Peter
removed his foot but not before transferring his whole weight on Eric's cock.
The lad let out a squeal.
"Sorry about that Eric," I said. "I guess Peter had a lot of pent up feelings
about you!"
"I guess I deserved it," he replied. "May I dress now?"
"Okay."
Peter released him from his cuffs. We watched as he tried to pull his foreskin
back over the dried tip of his cock. He put his clothes on and left. Peter and I
had a good laugh at Eric's expense. Peter put his shorts back on before I rang
the bell. Next was 16-year-old Stephen who was also a warden.
"Come in Stephen," I said as he poked his head in. "Stand here in front of me."
Stephen was wearing a shirt and the top two buttons were unbuttoned. I could see
the mass of black hair on his exposed chest. Immediately I had an idea and I
called to Peter and whispered in ear. Peter left us for a few minutes. "Okay
Stephen, while we waiting for Peter, let's see you strip!" He took his clothes
off while I watched with interest. He was exceptionally hairy and made Eric look
smooth in comparison. "Stephen, I understand you share a flat with Paul."
"That's right," he answered.
"So you no longer live at home?"
"No."
"Good." I said. Peter returned with my shaving kit. I mixed a large quantity of
foam with some water. "You've never used a cut throat razor have you Peter?" I
said winking at him.
"Never," Peter answered. I knew he had but I wanted to build up a little fear in
Stephen and Peter was playing along.
Peter started with Stephen's chest and covered it with foam. Stephen's face was
a picture as Peter opened the razor. Within a minute or so, his chest was a bare
as a baby's bottom. He then did his arms, followed by his back, arse, legs and
finally his cock. The only hair he had left was the hair on his head. The bowl
of water was now full of foam and hair. I turned to Stephen and told him to go
out and empty it and to return when he'd filled it back up with fresh warm
water. Stephen attempted to pick up his clothes.
"You can leave them there," I called. "Now hurry up we're waiting!"
We heard some wolf whistles as he left the mess tent. We wondered how he was
fairing out there. He probably was feeling the cold after being used to so much
hair. Eventually he returned with the bowl of clean water.
"You're staying with us a while longer," I told him as I cuffed his hands behind
his back. Peter and I had noticed that the next visitor was 15-year-old Paul,
yet another warden. I rang the bell but immediately shouted, "Paul before you
come in I want you to strip down to your underwear." A few moments later Paul
entered wearing his shorts. Paul was tall and slim. He was of Asian background
and his skin was relatively dark. Unusually his wasn't at all hairy. "Come here
Paul and put your hands behind your back." I slipped a pair of cuffs on him.
"Right now stand over there facing Stephen." He did as I requested. "Stephen
down on your knees. I want you to remove Paul's shorts using only your teeth!"
Peter and I were soon in stitches of laughter watching the two of them. Stephen
was trying to grab Paul's waistband with his teeth but ended up biting Paul's
stomach. After numerous attempts, Stephen had a go at getting his teeth around
one the legs of the shorts. With a little perseverance he managed to get a grip
and he started tugging on them. With all the action, Paul had raised an erection
and that was stopping the shorts from sliding down. Stephen was determined not
to let go and tugged with all his might and the shorts began to move. Peter and
I thought we were going to die of laughter when Paul's cock finally popped out
and smacked Stephen in the eye. Once his shorts were around his ankles, Paul
stepped out of them. "Steve, I think you ought to relieve Paul of his erection."
Paul's cock was pointing vertically upward and we watched as Stephen tried to
hook it out and get it in his mouth. Once he had hold of it, he was away. Up and
down he went, running the full length of the shaft. You could tell that these
two were living together and that they knew each other's bodies. Steve knew the
exact length of Paul's cock and he knew he could run the full length without
fear of miss judging it and losing the cock out of his mouth. Their experience
showed. Steve was turning his head from side to side as he ran along every part
of the organ. I saw Paul's buttocks clench and I knew he was about to come. Sure
enough, Steve slowed down as he took his lover's cum. I waited while Steve
cleaned him up. "Okay you can stand up now, Steve. Paul I want you to turn
around so you're back is facing Steve. Now feel for Steve's cock. That's it. Get
a good firm grip and start wanking him." They found it awkward but soon got into
a rhythm. Steve was fairly erect before they started. Once again I could see
Steve rock a little as his bum cheeks clenched and moments later he shot his
load all over his lover's arse. "Well done boy's," I said. "You're free to go
now." The lads dressed and left. Peter said he had to go because it was already
passed nine and he'd been ordered to meet someone down by the river at nine
o'clock. I wished him luck and asked him to return as soon as he could.
Next on the list was 12-year-old Graham. I rang the bell and in he came. "Hello
Graham," I said.
"Hi," he replied.
Graham was very petite for his age, possibly the shortest of the entire group
even though he was twelve. He was very shy even though he'd been at the camp for
five days. Jeff had paired him with another boy that was similarly shy and the
two of them had kept themselves to themselves. Even though Graham was the slave,
I had never seen him naked about the camp. Any action was going on within their
tent.
"Come her," I said, "and sit on my lap." He sat across my lap. "Is it true that
you're a little shy?"
"Guess so."
"Don't you like being with other people?"
"I don't mind," he replied. It was like getting blood out of a stone getting to
open up.
"Do you like me?"
"Yes."
"Are you scared of me?"
"No."
"Talkative aren't you?"
"Sorry, I just get so embarrassed when I'm with someone I don't know." He said
stringing a full sentence.
"Why did you come to camp then?"
"I hoped it would overcome my shyness." His eyes glazed over.
"Hey, take it easy," I said to him. "You've got a lot to offer." I put my hands
on the side of his head and pulled it towards me and planted a kiss on his
cheek. He smiled back at me and then licked his lips in a provocative manner.
His moistened lips were a lovely deep red and I planted a kiss on them. As I
drew my lips away he quickly followed them and pressed his lips hard against
mine. At first it was a granny type kiss but I felt his tongue forcing its way
out of his mouth and pushing its way into mine. I took the opportunity of
slipping my hand up the back of his shirt and touching his silky skin.
"That wasn't so bad," I said to him as I mouths parted. I slipped my other hand
between two of his shirt buttons and my fingers found one of his nipples. I
teased it a little as we kissed again. He was beginning to relax a little so I
unbuttoned his shirt and started caressing him around the stomach and chest. He
didn't object. With our lips still joined I peeled his shirt back and he let it
slip down his arms. As we were locked in a kiss, I let my hands do the
exploring. His skin was soft and smooth. I got a little more adventurous and
while my right arm was caressing his back and shoulders, I let my left arm run
between his legs. I was rubbing his cock gently through his denim jeans. His
left arm that he'd had around my neck began to caress my shoulders. He was
starting to respond and so was I! I put my right hand back on his stomach and
while gently rubbing it, I let the hand slip down under his jeans. I found the
waistband of his underpants and I pushed my fingers under it. I felt some
moisture as I found his cock. It was already quite firm. As my fingers explored
around his shaft and balls, his left arm was under the back of my shirt. Our
lips finally parted. I looked at the body I'd uncovered. His right hand was
pressing against mine making me rub his cock more fiercely. I took my right arm
off his back and gently pushed him away from me so that I could bring my arm to
his front. I kissed him around his chest while I undid the clasp of his jeans.
Once it was undone I slid down his fly. Pulling my left hand out from under his
white underpants, I then pulled the front of his underpants down revealing his
penis. It was nice looking job and was standing proud. My groping earlier had
pushed back his foreskin and his pink bell end was staring back at me. I tried
to lean forward to touch it with my lips but I couldn't reach it. Graham knew
what I wanted and he got up off my lap. He pulled off his jeans and underpants
and stood close alongside me. In seconds I had his cock in my mouth and I was
giving it serious oral attention. His nectar was as I expected, wonderful. 
Without a word being spoken, after I had taken his load, he pulled my blanket
off me revealing my fully inflated cock. He undid the front of my shirt and
peeled it back. He then sat back on my lap but this time he put his legs either
side of me and facing me. Our two cocks were locked together. He put his lips
against mine and we started another long kiss while he fondled my chest. Yet
again without warning, he lifted his body up and with his right arm guiding my
cock, he lowered himself down on me. My aching cock slipped into him with ease.
He pulled away from our kiss and leant backwards supporting himself with his
hand on my knees. His body was stretched out in front of me as he lifted himself
up and down my cock. His own cock was erect again and so I began to stroke it
with one hand while my other hand tweaked his nipples. As his rhythm increased
so did my hand around his cock. It was very long before I released by cum into
him. I continued to jerk him and a few moments later his cum was squirting
itself over me. He leant forward and we embraced rubbing his cum all over us. My
cock was still inside him.
"Not so shy once you get going!" I said to him.
"Suppose not. It just getting started is the problem."
"What you need to do then is to think about the outcome once you have started.
You got a cracking body and you're one hell of a sex machine, so what have you
got to be shy about?"
"I've never looked at it like that. You could be right."
"I am right. We all get a little shy when we meet for the first time but the sex
hunger within us simply overcomes the shyness. I dare you to leave this tent
now, without dressing, and go and find your partner and tell him you want to
fuck him. Tell him I said he's to."
"Do you reckon I could?" he replied with a little hesitance.
"Of course you can. Remember, just think of the outcome!"
"Okay I will. Thanks for your help and by the way you're not a bad sex machine
yourself!" he said as he ran out of the tent still naked. He hadn't even picked
up his clothes. I collected up his shirt and underpants but couldn't quite reach
his jeans. I don't know why but I put his shirt to my face and sniffed it. I
wondered what this camp has done to me. I've never been a fetish sought of guy
but first I find myself sucking feet and now I'm sniffing clothes! The smell of
Graham's shirt was stirring something up in me. Then I put his underpants up to
my nose and the smell of them drove me wild. They were still damp with Graham's
pre-cum.
I rang the bell and in come two girls. It was Liz and Chris. I checked my list
to see why two of them were coming together. I noticed that there was link
joining their names on the sheet and a note saying 'lesbians'. I already knew
that they weren't a hundred percent lesbians but I guess that it may be their
preferred choice.
"Hi girls," I said to them.
"Hi Dave," they answered.
"What am I to do to you?" I asked.
"That's up to you," said Liz.
"I tell you what," I said. "I'm feeling a little tired, so why don't I sit back
and watch the two of you making love to each other. I'm used to see male to male
gay sex but I've never watched two gay girls before. Just ignore me and pretend
that you're having private fun with each other."
"I guess we could manage that, don't you Liz," said Chris. She nodded in
agreement.
I settled back in the chair and waited for the floorshow. The girl's started by
giving each other a long deep kiss. Chris started fondling Liz's chest almost
straight away. Liz's hands were concentrating on Chris's arse. Chris's little
mini-skirt was lifting at the back as Liz hooked her thumbs under the panties
and soon the panties were on the floor. The kiss continued as Liz lifted the
front of Chris's skirt and started to finger her pussy. Chris responded by
opening Liz's shirt and undoing her bra. This kiss stopped as Liz moved her
mouth down to the breasts that were on display in front of her. With her hands
cupping under her breast she took as much as the mound as she could into her
mouth. Chris now had her skirt around her ankles and Liz was taking advantage of
Chris's semi horizontal position to pull her blouse up her body. As she passed
the back of her bra, she undid it and as Chris stopped sucking momentarily, she
pulled the blouse and bra off over her head in one sweep.  Chris returned to
Liz's breast and at the same time she peeled Liz's shirt back and her bra and
shirt fell down to the ground. They were both naked now, accept for a little
jewel in Chris's navel. They changed roles and Liz began to suck one of Chris's
breasts and the same time fingering her fanny. The action continued as they got
down the ground and with a combination of fingering and licking they managed to
orgasm several times. When they were finally laying on their backs in
exhaustion, I thanked them for their display and they left.
Next on the list was 12-year-old Tony. I rang the bell but no one came in. I
rang it again and again but no response. After a couple of minutes, Jeff popped
his head through the door.
"I was just passing and I heard you ringing the bell but when I heard you ring a
second and third time I thought I'd pop in and see if everything okay."
"No there's not a problem as such. Young Tony is late for his visit by the look
of it."
"Ah! I see. You better make a note of it then. I'll make sure he gets his
punishment for this! I'll leave you to it. See you later."
"Yeah bye Jeff."
Jeff disappeared through the screen only to come straight back in. "I've found
him. He's just arrived," he said to me. He then looked at Tony and said, "You're
five minutes late! I don't want to here any excuses you were warned! I'll sort
you out later but for keeping David waiting you can stay with him now until
lunch and remember you do as he tells you!" Jeff turned back to face me. "Give
this little bugger hell for me will you?"
"Consider it done," I answered and Jeff left.
"Whoops! You've been a naughty boy haven't you?" I said to him sternly. I was
feeling tired and my leg was beginning to throb, and it was making me more
aggressive. "Come here!" I yelled at him. He stepped up closer to me. I leant
forward and grabbed the bottom of his T-shirt and without any warning a pulled
it sharply up and over his head. I slapped him hard several times across his
nipples. His chest turned immediately bright red. I had seen the bulldog clips
on the table earlier and decided that now was the time to use them. I squeezed
hard around his right nipple causing it to protrude from his chest. I sharply
clipped the bulldog clip onto the expose nipple. I did the same thing to his
other nipple. I knew these things hurt like fuck but I was in the mood to go to
town on this lad for being late. It was a coincidence that I also knew that the
lad liked to suffer, he was known for it. I was going to push him to the limit.
"So you'd dare to be late would you?"
"I'm sorry but..." he said with a frightened look on his face.
"No fucking excuses," I yelled at him.
"But I..."
"Disobey me again would you? I said no excuses. Now as you won't shut up then
I'll shut you up!" I picked up Graham's underpants that he'd left behind and
stuffed them in Tony's mouth. I pushed them all the way in and then taped some
heavy-duty tape across his mouth. Fear grew in his eyes. "Now hand me your
trousers!" I shouted at him. "Be quick about it!" He stumbled as he tried to
undo his trousers. He wanted to obey me as quick as he could. He managed to undo
them and whipped them off and handed them to me. He stood there in just a pair
of blue boxer shorts while I went through his pockets. I found what I was
looking for. I had noticed that he had a box in his pocket and it looked like a
cigarette packet by its size. I was right. "Oh boy!" I said, "you're really in
for it now! You got two options. Either I report this to the wardens or I deal
with it myself. Shall I tell the wardens?" Tony shook his head. "Do you agree to
accept my punishment instead?" He reluctantly nodded his head. He wasn't sure
how far I'd go but he knew the wardens were very strict and he'd be better off
with me. "Okay then. First off, you'll spend the rest of the day with me and not
just up until lunch. Okay?" he nodded his head. "Are you currently a slave?" He
nodded his head. "Does your master smoke as well?" He shook his head. "I can
always get someone to search your tent. I'll ask you again, does your partner
smoke?" He nodded with extra fear in his eyes. "Okay what will do is wait for
your partner to come looking for you and then he'll receive his punishment as
well. From now and until the end of camp, you and your partner will be my
personal slaves. I can promise you it won't be easy!"
I grabbed hold of him and turned him around. I pulled his arms above his head
and then grabbing his elbows I pushed towards each other until he virtually had
his arms folded behind his head. I grabbed the handcuffs and cuffed his elbows
together. The cuffs just fitted. His arms were now securely fixed behind his
head. While he was still facing away from me, I whipped his shorts down sharply.
This exposed his lily-white bum. Tony was quite tanned accept here and he
obviously sunbathed often but not nude. I turned him on a slight ankle and gave
his cheeks half a dozen hard slaps. His arse was glowing! I turned him the rest
of the way until he was once again facing me. As I expected he was circumcised
and his cock was long, thin and pointing upwards. I pulled it down as far as it
would go and then let it spring back up on its own accord. I did this several
times. His eyes followed my hands I leant over to the table and picked up a
little box of clips. The box contained a large range of crocodile and bulldog
type clips. I rummage through the box and sorted a few larger crocodile clips. I
stretched the sack holding his balls and proceeded to apply several of these
clips to it. As each one took hold his body jumped. I was amazed how many could
be applied and I reckon I had about a dozen clips secured to his balls. I was
then looking around him to find other suitable sites for more clips. I pinned a
couple on his earlobes. As he had one of those deep-set belly buttons, I managed
to clip several around the edge of it. I placed a few bigger clips on some of
his toes. To finish him off I pulled out a large bulldog clip and as it
approached his cock, I looked into is face and his eyes told me that he knew
what I was going to do with it. I clipped it right on the end of his penis! He
must have been in agony with that and all the other clips. Experience however
taught me that the pain subsides after a while as your body gets used to them.
"Each of those clips will be a reminder this morning that you should not break
the rules. Each time you think about having a cigarette in the future, just
remember those clips!" I said to him. I had one more thing in store for him. I
picked up his discarded shorts and placed them over his head. He was now blind
as well. "Okay turn around and walk until I tell you to stop." He turned and
walked away from me. Once he was almost at the tent wall I yelled for him to
stop and turn around. "That's where you'll stay until I tell you otherwise!"
I rang the bell. In walked Peter.
"I managed to get away for a while so I thought I'd rejoin you," he said. "Fuck
me that looks painful," he said looking at Tony.
"He's been a little naughty. He turned up late for his visit and to top it all
he had cigarettes on him. Keep the cigarettes quiet though, I promised not to
tell providing he accepted my punishments."
"I won't speak a word of it. What you got in store for him?"
"Well I plan to keep that a secret. Perhaps nothing, perhaps a lot more. It'll
keep him guessing. When he finished here, he's already promised to be my
personal slave for the rest of the camp."
"I hope you'll share him?"
"Perhaps," I answered given him a sly wink. "Anyhow is my next visitor out
there?"
"Oh sorry, yes he is. I asked him to wait a moment. I'll go and get him." He
popped his head out and brought the lad in with him. "Here he is."
"Okay, now who have we got here," I said looking at my list. Standing in front
of me was a black boy. "It's Carl and your 14, yes?"
"That's right sir."
I couldn't help but notice that the boy couldn't keep his eyes off Tony. "What's
so interesting over there?" I asked.
Peter jumped in and said, "I do believe that Tony is his partner!"
"Is that right, Carl?"
"Yes sir."
"Aha, I didn't expect you so soon. Come here next to me a minute." Carl stepped
up closer. As I expected, he smelt of stale tobacco. I scanned his pockets with
my eyes but couldn't see any telltale signs of any cigarettes. "Do you smoke?" I
asked him.
"No sir," he replied a little nervously.
"Why do you smell of stale tobacco then?"
"Don't know sir," he said looking even more fidgety.
"Tony smokes but you don't is that what your telling me?"
"Yes sir," he said but it was obvious he was lying. "I guess I smell of tobacco
because he sometimes smokes by me." He was very convincing.
"Okay, fair enough." I thought I'd leave it for the moment. "Strip down to your
underwear and hand me your clothes!" Carl lifted his T-shirt over his head
revealing the dark skin of his body. He was quite muscular. He pulled his
trousers off and handed me the clothes. He was wearing a very skimpy pair of
underpants and I could see the ridge of his pubic hair. I searched his trouser
pockets and found nothing other than a handkerchief. I was disappointed not to
have found any evidence and I was about to put the clothes on the table when I
noticed that the T-shirt had a little breast pocket. I put my hand in the pocket
and pulled out two cigarettes and half a dozen matches. "Who do these belong to
then?" I said to him holding up the evidence.
"Don't know," he replied knowing he'd been caught out. "I guess there mine."
"I was going to go a little easier on you considering you were prompt but
instead I find that not only do you smoke but you lie as well! You're also a
senior to make matters worse. I will offer you the same options as I offered
Tony. Either I can report this to the wardens and let them arrange your
punishment or you can agree to let me set the punishment. I must warn you that
apart from what might happen here, you will also be expected to be my personal
slave for the rest of the camp. So it up to you. Which is it to be?"
He looked at Tony and thought about it for a moment. He wasn't sure which way to
jump. He knew how hard the wardens would be but then again he could see what
Tony was going through. He finally made up his mind. "I'll take your punishment
sir."
"Okay then. Peter can you cuff his arms behind his head like I've done to Tony
over there?"
"Sure thing Dave," Peter answered enthusiastically. He had a quick look at Tony
and then cuffed Carl's arms.
"I haven't got anything to push in his mouth, Peter. I tell you what pull off
his underpants and stuff them in. Here's the tape to put over his mouth when
you've done it." Peter pulled the underpants down sharply and stuffed them all
the way into Carl's mouth and secured the piece of tape. "Bring him back over to
me, Peter." I was fascinated with the boy's black cock. I'd never had the
opportunity before to have a close look. I peeled back the foreskin and was
surprised to see that the tip was pink. "Peter, I've never sucked a black cock
before so I'm going to try it. Pull the clip off Tony's and suck his while your
waiting." Peter went and started work on Tony. I pulled Carl closer to me by his
cock. I took his rigid tool into my mouth. It sure tasted the same, so I began
to tease it. I bit it a couple of times and Carl jumped. Then I began to suck on
it seriously. My right hand went around his body and my index finger found the
opening to his arse. The finger slipped in with ease. Then two followed by three
and finally all four. He had a large opening! I wondered if all black people had
large openings! He began to squirm a little. I squeezed his balls with my left
hand. He squirmed some more. I felt his knees begin to tremble and his breathing
increase and I prepared for him to shoot his load. Did he shoot it! It was thick
and creamy and lots of it. It tasted a lot saltier than most at his age.
Peter too had finished milking Tony and had replaced the clip on the end of his
cock.  I washed my hand after penetrating Carl's anus with it. I got Peter to
wrap a towel around Carl's eyes while I proceeded to put crocodile clips on his
nipples. We moved Carl alongside me so that he was sideways on to me bit easily
in my reach. I made him spread his feet a couple of feet apart. "Bend over and
touch your toes!" I demanded. "Peter would you tape his wrists to his ankles for
me?" Peter did what I'd asked. His arse was exposed but it didn't expose his
anal entrance like I wanted. I experimented with some tape by starting a piece
of tape close to anus and then pulling hard and taping it around his thighs. I
couldn't reach the other side of him so Peter did it for me. It had the desired
effect. His pink entrance was open for all to see. His balls were hanging neatly
below. I handed a series of clips to Peter and he applied them one by one to
Carl's balls. Finally clipping a bulldog clip to the end of his penis and he was
done.
Next on the list was 14-year-old Terry. I rang the bell and in he walked. He
looked around and looked at the two boys. "Come here Terry and stand facing this
black arse." I said to him. Terry was quite tall and lanky. "Peter would you do
the honours and pull his trousers and pants down?" Peter stood behind Terry and
put his arms around his waist. He located the button on Terry's trousers and
undid it. He pulled the lads trousers down and made him step out of them. His
cock was standing proud. "You're about to enter a black hole," I said laughing.
"Grab your rod and slide it in!" Terry used his hand to control his cock and
slid it into Carl's waiting anus. I watched up close and heard the squelch as it
entered. I also heard a muffled cry coming from Carl. "Start fucking while Peter
removes your shirt!" Terry started pumping the arse he was attached to. Peter
put his arms around Terry again and unbuttoned his shirt and pulling it back
until Terry had to hold his arms back and the shirt was off. "Now really pump
him!" I told him. Peter went around and held Carl's back so that he wouldn't
topple over. Terry was really pumping him hard and I could see his balls were
bashing the clips on Carl's balls. "Harder!" I cried. Terry was banging the full
length of his cock in and out of Carl. Peter was struggling to hold back the
force of each pump and keeping Carl on his feet. It looked like Terry was a
stayer and sweat began to run down his body. In and out his cock went! Carl's
cock was banging against his own stomach with the force of each pump and with
the weight of the clip secured to it. Terry's body was now running with sweat
and I watched as stream after stream of it was running down his back and down
his chest and onto his stomach. I saw him looking up to the ceiling of the tent
and I knew he couldn't hold back any more. I could hear the pressure build up in
Carl's arse as Terry squirted several waves of hot juicy cum inside him. The
final plop could be heard as he withdrew his cock. I handed Terry the flannel
from the bowl of water. "You've done well. Now wash yourself down." I watched
him as he wiped his head and neck. Then he washed his chest and stomach and
Peter helped him to wipe down his back. "I suggest you go and have a nice cool
swim in the river," I said to him. He picked up his clothes and left without
putting them on.
My next visit wasn't until early afternoon and it was time for a lunch break. I
turned to Peter and said, "I guess we can't leave these two like this."
"It won't hurt them," Peter said.
"No I think we ought to make them a little more comfortable. Before we do
though, young Tony hasn't had any action and I think he needs some juices in
him. Will you go and pull the clips off him and then bring him over?" Peter
sadistically pulled the clips off instead of unclipping them. He then dragged
him over to me by his cock. "Okay you can take the gag and blindfold off and
also release his arms." Within a few moments the lad was free once more. I
pulled the blanket that was covering my lap and Tony looked down at my exposed
cock. "That's' your lunch," I said to him. His eyes widened and he knelt down
between my legs. "Before you get started I want you kneel on all fours because
my friend here is going to fuck your arse at the same time. When you're ready
Peter." Peter pulled down his shorts and kneeled behind Tony and as ever Peter
was erect and ready for action. Tony began to suck me off when Peter penetrated
him. As usual both Peter and I came at the same time and Tony was injected with
hot cum from both ends. "Now Tony I see your master is looking as though he
could do with some lunch." I asked Peter to turn Carl so that he was laying on
his back but still keeping his hand and ankles secured together. I then got him
to remove the blindfold and gag and told Tony, "I want you to fuck your master's
mouth." The boy laid across Carl's face, popped his cock into his mouth and
started pumping. After the action he'd just had it didn't take him long to come.
Peter released Carl from his bonds and the boy stood up but looked a little
weary. He then got them to sit on the floor with their backs to each other and
wrapped tape around them to lock them together. He'd purposely wrapped the tape
around their chests so that the tape ran over their nipples. He then pushed the
two pairs of underpants back into their mouths and wrapped a rope around their
heads to hold the gags in place and lock their heads together. "I think that'll
do it," he said to me. "I think it's time we had some lunch. What do you fancy?"
"More than anything I fancy getting out of this tent for a while!" I said to
him. "I think I can probably walk if you'll support me."
"Let's give it a go," he answered. He put his head under my arm and lifted me
up. "Now put your whole weight on me and move your good leg forward." I did as
he suggested. I was nervous that I might hurt him even though he's quite a
strong lad. "Now carefully move your bad leg forward but don't put any weight on
it." I did and it worked and I was walking. He led me out into the open and
while a balanced for a moment he got me a chair to sit on.
"Walking now are we?" said Eric, one of the wardens I'd seen earlier. "I got
something for you. I'll go and get it." He disappeared out of sight only to
return a few moments later with Stephen. "Try these for size. Steve and I have
spent all morning making them." He offered me two handmade crutches. They were
neatly carved and had padded rests for going underneath my arms.
"I don't know what to say but thanks. It's very thoughtful of you both." I used
one of the crutches to lift myself off the chair and then secured a crutch under
each arm and took my first few steps unaided! I thanked the boys again and
walked over to Jeff's tent.
"You take it easy on that leg," said Jeff.
"I will," I answered. "It's just so nice to get about."
"I know. Something I meant to ask you," he said changing the subject. "Why are
you punishing two of the boys?"
"I'd rather not say. They promised to accept my punishment and it would be
unfair to them if I told you."
"I accept that and I wouldn't intercept but I'd still like to know."
"Okay but the boys in question are sorry for they done. I found cigarettes on
them."
"Shit! I had a feeling it would be something like that. I'll keep my promise and
won't interfere with those two but I think we need to organise a search. We
won't say what we're looking for, we'll just pretend we're holding a routine
camp search. Sex is healthy but cigarettes are bad, especially for youngsters.
Okay thanks Dave"
Jeff called over the wardens and he told them what they were about to do. Eric
went off and sounded the siren. It was one of those aerosol types and it was a
signal that everybody was to return to the camp post haste. Within about ten
minutes everybody was back in the camp and assembled in front of us. Jef started
addressing them.
"I've called you all back in because I've decided to do a full camp search for
any banned merchandise. I had been intending to do this earlier in the week but
until now I haven't got around to it. Now listen carefully. I want you all to
strip completely and place you're clothing neatly on the ground and then I want
you to lay face down on the ground along side them. Now form yourselves into 2
lines, strip off and lay down in rows."
Those who had clothes on were stripping off and within a couple of minutes there
was two rows of naked kids. A sea of bottoms! Jeff told four of the wardens to
go off and start searching the tents. They were to note anything they found that
was not permitted on the camp. Jeff put my chair just behind the first row and I
sat on it. He took another chair and put in behind the second row. "Okay
people," he said. "The row nearest me is row two and the other is row one.
Starting with the first person on the end of each row that's nearest the mess
tent, each of you will get up in turn and take your clothes to Dave or myself
dependent on which row your in. You are still required to be inspected
regardless of whether you have any clothes or not!"
Jeff had already arranged for a warden to watch closely as each kid got up and
to make sure that he or she didn't drop or leave anything behind. As kids came
up to me I had to search his or her clothes thoroughly and then give them a body
search. I found one girl with a lipstick in her pocket. This was a banned
substance. I later found a junior with a box of matches and yet again this was
against the rules as only seniors were permitted matches. The rest were clean
accepting for some of the boy's underwear that was damp and dirty but that
wasn't an offence! I had my two offenders lay face down by the mess tent away
from the others. Two boys from Jeff's line had also been sent over although I
wasn't sure why.
Jeff kept the whole group on the floor until the wardens had finished searching
the tents. When they'd finally finished they came back empty handed apart from a
few packets of cigarettes from Tony and Carl's tent. Jeff quietly took them off
the wardens and told them that they weren't to worry about them. The kids were
dismissed accept the four offenders. They were taken down to the latrine area
and staked out face down on the ground. "You'll remain here until supper time
and you will be used as toilets. The rest of your punishments I'll have to think
about." He told them. He and a few of the wardens pulled out their cocks and
pissed over them, making sure that they all had a nice covering. They remained
there on their own for the afternoon. They only ever saw somebody when they
wanted a piss accept mid afternoon when a couple of wardens turned them over so
that they were laying face up.
Peter stayed with me through the afternoon and helped me with my visitors. They
were all put through similar routines as we had done in the morning. The only
highlight was when 11-year-old Keith visited. All week I had somehow neglected
to notice him or had anything to do with him. The first time I had noticed him
was when I searched him earlier. He was one of those lads that made your heart
pound. Blond hair, cute face, blue eyes and luscious lips. His skin was bronzed
and smooth with a very fine smattering of blond hair.
When Keith came to visit me, I distinctly heard Peter sigh and swallow deeply. I
knew he felt the same way as I did about the boy. I let the boy go without
undressing him or anything on the understanding that he'd spend the night with
Peter and me. He accepted without hesitation. I was really looking forward to
it!
During supper, Jeff announced that tomorrow was naked day. No one was to wear
clothes at all until further notice. This was to include Jeff, the wardens and
myself. Also tonight my Peter would not be subjected to the sensual deprivation
and instead Mandy would be subjected to it. Mandy was the girl who was being
punished after the search at lunchtime. Further he announced that the three boys
would act as valets with Mandy and that they must do whatever they are required
to do. Jeff suggested that they may be used as a cleaning service and be
requested to clean cocks and cunts as required. They could also be used as an
undressing service or anything else that may be required. Just after supper and
before the four of them were carted off to be prepared, they were subjected to
give everybody a floorshow. One of the tables was cleared and Mandy was forced
to lay down on it. Each of the three boys then had to publicly fuck her amidst
the cheers of the eager audience.
Later that evening Peter and I said our goodnights to Bob and Simon who were
going to spend the night together. I was now walking about fairly easily with
the crutches. We entered our tent to find little Keith in bed. I'd been
wondering where he was. I could see only his head as he had a blanket wrapped
around him. I could see his clothes were neatly folded at the back of the tent
and that he was naked under the blanket. I could feel my pants beginning to
swell. An obvious lump appeared in Peter's as well. Keith turned over onto his
back putting his hands behind his head. The blanket slipped a little revealing
the upper part of his chest.
"It's nice and warm in here," he said as he looked at me with his big blue eyes.
His red lips were beckoning me to kiss them.
Peter and I stripped off while Keith watched us. We slipped under the blanket,
one either side of him. Although Keith seemed to like Peter, he seemed to want
me more. He turned his head to face me and licked his lips. That was enough to
send me wild. I pushed my face against his with our mouths wide open. I explored
the interior of his mouth with my tongue. I licked around his chin and neck and
nibbled his ear. Peter moved in and replaced his mouth for mine. The boy's face
was running with saliva.  I felt his little hand grab my cock and he started to
stroke it. I saw Peter jump and I guess he'd grabbed his cock with his other
hand. While Peter was licking his face I moved down and kissed his shoulders and
then across to his chest. His chest was soaked in my saliva as I moved down to
his stomach and later down to his hairless cock. At this stage I only licked his
cock and balls and then carried on down his legs stopping only when I got to his
feet. I wasn't going to touch his feet because of my promise to Peter. I really
wanted to taste every bit of this body and Keith knew it because he turned
himself over. I began again with the back of his legs and worked up. I gave his
bum a good licking and I darted my tongue a couple of times into his little pink
rim. I worked my way up his back to his neck. I then went back down and started
at one of his hands and worked my way up his arm. Then his other arm. I put my
leg over his body and straddled him while I licked his shoulders, neck and ears.
Keith sensed that I'd covered all of him in my saliva and he turned once more
onto his back. His face was inches away from my cock. He wrapped his arms around
the back of my thighs and pulled me towards him. Raising his head he stuck his
tongue on my cock and tasted the little droplets of pre-cum. He pulled harder on
my thighs and pulled my cock closer to his mouth and slipped it in. I put my
hands down on the bed above his head in order to steady myself and he sucked
hard on my penis. Although I couldn't see, Keith had his legs spread behind me
and Peter was fingering him. I felt my balls beginning to well up and I knew I
was about to come. The first shot went straight down his throat, the second hit
the roof of his mouth. Keith pulled himself off my cock and the rest of my load
shot all over his face. I climbed off him and licked the cum off his face. Peter
climbed on and the boy repeated the process while I sucked off his little penis
and tasted his sweet nectar.
Keith then climbed on me and licked me all over the body just like I'd done to
him. I was drenched in his saliva and it felt wonderful. He then did the same to
Peter before we cuddled into each other with our hands on each other's cock and
drifted off to sleep.

SATURDAY

It was about four o'clock when Keith had awoken me by stroking my penis, that I
finally popped his little cherry. It was tight but lovely. I went back to sleep
with Keith laying on top of me.
Today was the last full day of the camp. Tomorrow we would make the long trek
back to civilisation. Today there was to be no bondage, spanking, whipping or
any other physical contact that may leave marks on anybody's body. Today was for
any body marks to start healing so that everybody was ready for going back to
civilisation. Sex was permitted in all forms providing that it wasn't forced.
Nobody was permitted to wear clothes under any circumstances.
Peter made breakfast while Keith and I explored each other once more. Over
breakfast we chatted about what we might do today. Peter was keen to go on the
planned walk that most of the group had talked about last night. He knew I
couldn't go because of my leg so he was prepared to stay back and keep me
company.
"You go Peter," I said to him. "I can't expect you to give up everything all the
time."
"No it's okay," he replied.
"I insist. I'll find something to occupy me."
"But I'll be gone most of the day. They're taking packed lunches with them."
"I'll stay with you Dave," said Keith. "I'm not that fussy on long walks."
"Are you sure," said Peter.
"Positive," said Keith.
"Well there you are then. That's that settled. I said to Peter.
Peter started packing his lunch while Keith went off and did the washing up
after breakfast. I decided to go for a wash and cleanup. I hadn't even shaved
for a couple of days. While I was out I noticed the group assembling together
for their walk. A mass of naked bodies. Some had small rucksacks and others had
shoulder bags in order to carry their lunches. None of them were permitted to
carry clothes accept a few of the older boys who were permitted to take
jockstraps for support should they need it. Simon was also permitted one for his
oversized appendage. Peter came up to me as I was making my way back from
washing. He gave me a kiss and said that he'd see me later. "I hope you have a
fun day with Keith," he said to me with a smirk on his face.
"I'll try," I said.
When I got back to the tent, Keith was tidying up. The tent doors were tied back
and I sat on the grass just outside and watched as he went about his work. He's
such a tidy and methodical boy. Everything was being neatly folded and put away
in neat piles. I noticed how neat he was with himself. His hair is neatly combed
and parted with a slightly off centre parting. His fingernails and toenails are
neatly trimmed with no signs of being picked or bitten and not a speck of dirt
under them. His teeth were bright white and he cleaned them twice daily. He
oiled himself with suntan lotion at every moment he was exposed to the sun.
Hence his wonderful golden colour. He had little noticeable bikini line so he
was obviously used to nude bathing. He noticed me watching him so closely. "Do
you like me?" he asked.
"Of course I do." I replied, slightly embarrassed that I been caught studying
him.
"No I mean REALLY like me. Not just as a sex object but as a person."
"Of course I do," I repeated, wondering where this line of questioning was going
to lead us.
"I like you as well."
"I'm glad of that."
"I wish you were my dad!" he said and tears formed in his eyes.
"I'm sure your dad is wonderful man," I said knowing that he obviously wasn't.
"You don't then. I don't have a dad or mum for that matter. My parents were
killed when I was seven and I've lived in home ever since."
"Oh I am sorry, Keith. I honestly didn't know." I grabbed out for him and took
him in my arms. I wanted to squeeze him and not let him go. The tears turned
into little trickles. 
"Nobody will adopt me because I look to small for my age. Lots say the like me
but when they find out my age they seem to lose interest."
"They don't know what they're missing."
"Do you think so?"
"Of course. I'd be honoured at the chance of being your adopted father." I said
to try and comfort him.
"Will you then?" he said and I was cornered.
"I don't think they'd let me because I'm single."
"No. A friend of mine was adopted only a couple of weeks ago by a single man.
Apparently providing you own your own home and have a steady job, then they will
accept you."
"I don't think you're right but I'll look into it when I get home." The thought
of adopting this boy was really exciting but I didn't want him to see in case it
wasn't possible.
"You will!" he said as his face lit up with a smile. "I promise to be ever so
good and you'd hardly notice me unless you wanted me."
"What you mean, unless I wanted you?"
"You know what I mean. Unless you wanted me for sex."
"For a starter, it's unlikely that it's even possible that I could adopt you and
secondly I wouldn't be adopting you for sex. You'd be my son."
"You mean you wouldn't want me any more?"
"Well uh!" I was lost for words. "Let's put it this way, you wouldn't have to
buy my love with sex."
"Does that mean you love me?"
"Kind of. Okay then yes I guess I do."
His face was full of happiness at what I'd said. "I love you too. What if I
wanted you to have sex with me? Ever since I've been in the home I have been
forced to have sex. I like sex but I'd love to have sex because I wanted to,
with someone I loved and cared about. I knew last night that you were the person
that I'd like as my dad and the person I would give my body and mind to."
"Well I'm honoured and I hope you're right about the adoption panel. If it's
possible then I'd be happy to adopt you."
He closed down the tent doors so that we were in private. "You've made me very
happy. Before you agree to adopt me, don't you feel you ought to examine the
goods?" he said as he sat across me.
Boy did I want to examine him. The thought of him living with me permanently was
very exciting. I would be there as he grew up into a man. "If I do manage to
adopt you then I want to get one thing clear before we go any further. I'll be
happy to enjoy you and your body for as long as you want me to. However, I would
want you to promise me that at any stage that you feel you no longer want to,
that you would tell me. As you grow older you may decide that you don't want to
have sex with me and I want to know straight away. Never fear that I would turn
you out because of sex!"
"I promise."
Now that I'd cleared that up I was ready to taste the boy's body once again. I
rolled him over on his back and started to lick his neck, moving his blonde hair
out of the way. I ran along his shoulders and across his back. Wow! Did he taste
good. I got to his little butt and licked it all over. I licked all the way down
the back of his legs before turning him over. I knew I promised Peter that I
wouldn't but I just couldn't help it. I took his foot into my mouth. My tongue
worked its way between each of his toes. I did the same on his other foot. I
then worked myself up passed his cute kneecaps and up to his little manhood. I
sucked on his little sack for a while and then took his penis in my mouth. With
his fingers he was rubbing my shoulders. His cock was small but beautiful. It
excited me that I may see this organ mature and grow into man size cock. It
wasn't long before I felt his sweet nectar filling my mouth. I held on to it and
moved quickly up to his lips and kissed him. I transferred some of his love
juice into his mouth. I moved on to licking his face and then back down towards
his chest and stomach. Once again he was soaked in my saliva and he loved it.
"If you do come to live with me," I said to him. "I'd like to do that every week
and enjoy the taste as you grow into a man."
"I'd love you to do it too!" He said as he got up and kneeled with his little
but up in the air. "I'd like to feel my dad's cock in me now!"
What could I say? He even spread his cheeks with his hands so I could see his
little pink ring. I greased him up a little as I didn't want to hurt him. In I
went and though it was tight it wasn't as tight as first thing this morning. As
I drove home, and he took the lot, he clenched his anal muscles and I lost
control and released my load inside him. It would be great if could be my son.
We laid in each other's arms for quite a while and chatted about his life at the
home. The house parents at the home at lost control of the twenty or so staying
there at any one time. The boys could do virtually anything they liked. Keith,
because of his smallness for his age, is constantly picked on. He's rarely
allowed to have any clothes on and often spends many hours at a time tied up in
his room or out in the garden. The house parents reckoned it was only healthy
horseplay. The boys never did anything else in front of the house parents but
when Keith was alone with any of them he was forced to be their sex slave. They
would fuck his face or anus whenever it took their fancy and generally humiliate
him at other times. They would laugh and joke about his little penis and
hairless body. They'd take him out with them after school and humiliate him in
front of their friends. They'd strip him and make him do things for a laugh.
Several times he'd been punished, by the house parents, for coming in late. The
boys had stripped him while he was out and walked off with his clothes. He'd
then have to wait until it was dark before he could make his way back to the
home. I really felt for him and the rough treatment he's faced over the last few
years.
"Would you like to be my spunk brother?" he said to me.
"What's a spunk brother?" I answered. I hadn't heard the word spunk for a long
time. I guess he meant the slang term that is more commonly called cum nowadays.
"It's a routine that proves your love and devotion."
"I'll give it a go."
"Okay both of us should lay on our backs and jerk off making sure that our spunk
lands on our stomachs and chests." Keith laid down so I joined him. We both
played with our organs until we'd both squirted our cum over us. "Now we must
rub our spunk together." He said as he climbed on top of me and rubbed his body
against mine. The cum was oozing between us as he rolled his body about. When he
lifted himself off me his chest and stomach was covered in a thin layer of cum
and so was mine. "Now we must lick each other clean!" he said as he started
licking my chest. He worked all away around my chest and down to my stomach. To
finish off he licked the remainder of the cum off my cock. I then started on him
and licked his chest. The mixture of our cum was like sweet and sour. I could
taste the strong musty saltiness of my cum and the sweetness of Keith's. I too
cleaned up his cock of any remaining cum. "Now we're spunk brothers," he said as
I lapped up the last drop.
"Hello spunk brother," I said smiling. My face grimaced shortly afterwards as a
pain shot up my leg.
"Are you okay?" he asked.
"Yeah, I'm okay. Just a couple of shooting pains in my leg."
"Guess I'm making you too active. I tell you what, let me make you comfortable
and you rest while I make the lunch." He placed some rolled up blankets behind
me and made me comfortable. He kissed me on the lips and said, "What do you
fancy for lunch? By the way I'm a good cook and I love doing it. So if you do
adopt me you'll have a full-time in-house cook."
"I could do with a good cook as I can burn water. Why don't you surprise me!"
I watched him as he set about cooking a surprise for me. He tied back the tent
doors so I could see out and watch him. I started thinking about the adoption
idea. Although I like women I have never imagined myself marrying one and
settling down and having a family. I like to play the field too much for that.
Perhaps when I'm old and beginning to wrinkle I might change my mind but by then
it would be too late to have children. However, I have often dreamed of what a
child of mine would be like. Young Keith was everything I could wish for in a
son. He's bright and intelligent. He's courteous and kind. He's helpful and
tidy. He's beautiful. I thought how I would be able to help him with his
schoolwork and comfort him when he was sick. It was lovely to dream but alas it
probably would always be a dream. I felt good inside with my thoughts and slowly
drifted off to sleep.
"Wake up," he called. "Lunch is ready."
There in front of me was a big bowl of spaghetti with a mince beef sauce. He
handed me a fork and we got stuck in. We shared the same bowl. Several times we
ended up sucking on the same strand of spaghetti and our lips would meet as we
fought over it. The food was cooked to perfection and tasted better than any
other I'd tasted before. It wasn't long before the bowl was empty. I looked at
him and he was covered in sauce and I grabbed him and cleaned him up with my
tongue.
"Rice pudding for afters?" he said.
"Fine."
"Do you like it cold?"
"Don't mind."
He disappeared and the returned with an open tin of rice pudding. He laid
alongside me and proceeded to pour half a tin of rice pudding down his body.
"Let's save on the washing up," he said. I wasn't going to argue with that. He
made a wonderful dish and rice pudding had never tasted so good. He poured the
rest of the tin over me and started eating!
He later took the dishes over and washed them. He returned with a bowl of warm
water and gave me a thorough wash and then gave himself a wash. He then tidied
up and finally settled down alongside me and rested his head against my chest
and we chatted and snoozed the afternoon away.
Peter and the rest of the group arrived back just before supper time and the
cooking started for our last supper at camp. Peter had a little snooze while
supper was being prepared. He looked shattered. He awoke and joined us as supper
was called and we went to the mess tent. There was a general party atmosphere in
the mess tent and for once everybody was equal. We sang songs and played games
like charades. There was little evidence of any shyness anymore due to being
naked within the rest of the group. In fact many were pushing themselves forward
to get in front of the group and show themselves off, even Simon! We had a
beauty contest for the best male butt. The contestants had to line up in front
of the group and show off their butts. Votes were taken on the butt's roundness,
its firmness, it's tan and finally its sex appeal. My Peter won the overall
accolade of the best butt on camp.
I got up and thanked Jeff for all his organisation and we all gave him three
cheers. He then responded by outlining what was happening tomorrow. He'd brought
a mobile phone for emergencies and switched it on every night for one hour to
conserve the battery. Colin knew the time and so could get in touch with us if
he needed. He hadn't but Jeff had phoned him instead and told him about my
broken leg and that we'd need another driver. They would pick us up at the
meeting point at twelve noon. That meant that we needed to be up at six in order
to break camp and make the long walk back to the meeting point. Jeff suggested
that we have a bit of fun for another hour and then turn in and have an early
night.
After a bit more fun, Peter, Keith and I decided to turn in. It was going to be
a hard morning for me because of my leg and having to walk on it for several
miles. Jeff had suggested that we pack up what we could tonight and that we
leave our tent for the others to take down and carry. That way, Peter, Keith and
myself could leave a couple of hours or so ahead of the main group. This would
give me time to take it more slowly and have frequent rests. I was also to pack
any of my essentials needed for the trip in either Peters or Keith's rucksacks
as Jeff had arranged for my rucksack to be carried by someone else.
Keith as usual was very methodical working out what we needed to pack in where
and had everything under control. He worked out what we needed for the morning
and packed everything else. He made us all a hot drink and then climbed into
bed. Peter and I joined him, one either side of him. We kissed and groped for a
while but Keith said he was feeling too tired for anything else. We accepted
that and limited ourselves to mouth and body contact. We chatted for a while and
I began to tell Peter about my intention of applying to adopt Keith. I wasn't
sure how Peter was going to take it. He took it very well and was excited with
the idea. We talked about what it would be like if we could all be living
together like a family. Keith has dropped of to sleep in my arms but Peter and I
carried on talking for quite a while before we too dropped off. 

SUNDAY

At just past 6 o'clock, I was awoken by Peter who'd made coffee. I was surprised
to see Keith was still fast asleep. He's normally an early riser. I woke him up
and Peter handed him his coffee. Keith was very quiet while drank our coffees.
"Are you all right?" I asked Keith.
"I'm okay. Just feel a little tired this morning. I'll be all right." He
replied.
He looked a little off colour but I assumed it was something to do with the end
of our holiday and that he was about to return to the home. Peter and I had a
bite to eat but Keith wasn't hungry. Peter then packed away the cooking
equipment. We grabbed our washing gear and went to the mess tent and washed.
Keith as usual was meticulous in cleaning himself. When we got back to the tent
we packed away the remaining equipment and after checking the tent was empty, we
headed for Jeff's tent.
"Good morning Jeff," I said to him as he was packing away his belongings. "We're
ready to set off."
"Okay then Dave," he answered. "Now take your time walking and stop and rest as
much as you can. You got nearly four hours, so you've got plenty of time."
"Right you are," I said.
We handed him my rucksack for him to sort out, said our goodbyes and set off. We
had decided that we were going to make the walk naked like the rest of the
group. It was our last chance to enjoy the freedom from our clothes. It was
already quite warm and sunny. We would get dressed when we reached the final
woodland. Simon had lent me a pair of his shorts as they were wide enough in the
leg to fit over my plaster cast. I had already prepared a pair of trousers by
ripping the leg up the side.
The walk was very tiring. After the first couple of miles, the pain in my leg
got worse and I took the painkilling tablets that Jeff had given me. Every
couple of hundred yards or so I would have to stop and rest. Keith was still
very quiet and looking even more off colour. He never complained but I could see
that he wasn't well. After a couple of more miles he was looking even worse. He
was perspiring a lot. When we stopped for another rest, I put my hand on his
forehead. He was red hot.
"You're coming down with something," I said to him.
"I don't feel very good."
"I can see that. I'll carry your rucksack for a while and give you a breather."
I said to him half expecting an argument.
"Okay," he said much to my surprise.
I was getting a little concerned about him as I new he was running a high fever.
Peter helped me on with Keith's rucksack and we set off once again. I made sure
that Keith walked in front so I could keep an eye on him. His footsteps were
very lethargic even without the weight of his rucksack. I could clearly see the
perspiration running down his back. It was warm but not that warm. His skin was
turning red with the heat of his body. I gestured to Peter and he nodded back
confirming that he too had noticed. We stopped again and rested. I made sure
that Keith drank plenty of water. I saw him shiver and got Peter to sort out his
clothes from his rucksack and help Keith to dress. I knew that when someone's
body temperature was that high, you have to keep them warm even if they don't
want to be. Peter had to virtually dress Keith on his own because Keith showed
no interest in helping. I felt his forehead once more and it was incredibly hot.
"This is more than flu," I thought to myself. 
We got up to start off once more but Keith didn't move. His eyes were open but
he didn't seem to be with us. I didn't need to say anything to Peter. He pulled
one of the blankets out of the rucksack and wrapped Keith in it. He picked him
up and cradled him in his arms. We knew we had to get him medical help and
quick!

Chapter 6

By the time the ambulance got us to the hospital, Keith had slipped into
unconsciousness. He was laying on the trolley and he was now covered in a purple
coloured rash. The ambulance men rushed him to the emergency room where the
doctors were waiting. We were told to wait in the relative's room. We waited and
waited. After several hours a doctor came into the room.
"Are you Keith's father?" the doctor asked.
"No. He's an orphan but I guess you could call me the nearest to being his
father." I answered eager to find out how he was.
"We're almost certain that he has meningitis. He has all the classic symptoms
and we're treating him accordingly. The blood tests will confirm our diagnosis.
We have the fever under control and we've put him on a ventilator to help him
breath."
"Will he be okay?"
"Too early to tell. Hopefully your prompt action getting him here will give him
a fighting chance. He's very ill indeed but we live in hope. We're doing
everything that is humanly possible."
"May I see him?"
"Certainly."
The day turned into night and there was no change in his condition. Jeff had
visited in the afternoon after driving the kids back home. He said he'd sought
out letting the home know about Keith. Jeff also took Peter home, as I was
concerned that his parents would want him home. The following morning the doctor
told me that his condition was improving slightly and they took him off the
ventilator and he managed to breathe on his own. As the second day wore on,
Keith's condition continued to improve although he remained unconscious. We were
visited by a social worker that was in charge of Keith's welfare. She was
helpful and kind. I told her about the crazy idea that Keith had about me
adopting him. To my surprise, she confirmed that single men can adopt but the
process was quite long and complicated. She said that she would look into it.
That evening, Keith opened his eyes. He was too weak to speak but he looked at
me and gave me the best effort at a smile. I knew he was going to be all right.
He woke several times during the night and although he didn't speak, he'd watch
me and smile at me. I would often get up and mop his brow of perspiration. The
rest of the time I'd sit alongside him holding his hand. By early morning he was
able to speak a little although it tired him very quickly.
Mid morning of the third day, the social worker returned. She asked how Keith
was and I told her he was improving every hour.
"Good," she said. "I've got some news for you. I've done some talking in the
right ears. I've talked to Keith's house parents, I've talked to my managers and
I put in an application to the court. I've just come from that court now and the
judge has granted you temporary custody of Keith."
"You mean he can come and live with me?"
"He sure can. Only for three months but that should be more than enough time to
get a formal application processed. I'll get the ball rolling straight away and
don't worry, unless you have a dark secret hidden away in the past, then it's
extremely unlikely that you won't get full custody after being granted a
temporary one. The only condition is that I want to hear Keith tell me that he
wants to live you. I've seen your love for him but I have to be sure about his
feelings towards you."
"There's no problem there. Let's ask him now."
I led her down to Keith's room. Keith was now sitting up in bed and was looking
more like the Keith I knew. 
"Keith," I said, "this is Karen. She's a social worker and she'd like to ask you
a question." Keith turned his head to look at Karen and waited for her to speak.
"If you could, would you like to be adopted by Dave here?" she said to him.
"That would make me the happiest boy in the world," he replied.
"Well in that case, you can go and live with him temporarily and if you're still
keen to stay then we'll see if we can make it permanent. Is that okay with you?"
A tear ran down each of his cheeks. He couldn't speak and instead he nodded his
head. His dreams were coming true and so were mine. My own eyes were beginning
to fill up. Karen looked at the two of us and knew she was right and had no
concerns. She put her hand on my shoulder for a second. She handed me some
papers and whispered in my ear, "When he's well enough you can take him home." I
thanked her and she left.
"Dad," said Keith. That was enough to trip me over. Just one word had caused me
to crumble and cry. Regardless of all the tubes and wires, I picked him up in my
arms and hugged him.
The following day he was transferred to our local hospital. I was then able to
go home for a few hours at a time and prepare my home for my new son. The house
parents of the home arranged to meet me and gave me Keith's possessions. I did
up one of the spare bedrooms. I put his clothes away in the cupboard and put his
few personal items around his room. I went out and bought him his own television
for his room.
A week later he was released from hospital. As he was a bright boy and as there
was only a couple of months to go before the summer holidays, the doctors
advised me to keep him home until school restarted in the autumn. When I got him
home, I took him straight up to his bedroom. He liked his room and was delighted
with having his own TV. I helped him get in his pyjamas and get him into his
bed. I laid alongside him and we watched the television. It wasn't long before
he went off to sleep. He looked so content sleeping in my arms. He woke for a
while and eat his tea. He was soon back to sleep and he slept right through the
evening. He showed no signs of waking, so at just past ten o'clock I decided to
turn in myself. I made his bed comfortable and tucked him up, turned off the TV
and the light and left him to sleep.
I changed out of my clothes and climbed into bed. As usual I slept naked. I laid
there for while thinking how nice it was to have my son home. I felt warm and
content. I wasn't far from nodding off when I felt the bedclothes move and Keith
got in with me. As he cuddled into my back I could feel that he no longer had
his pyjamas on.
After much form filling and inspections I was granted a full adoption a couple
of month later.  I had some money put away so I took a sabbatical from my job
until the autumn. I spent every moment I could with my son. We rarely wore
clothes around the house or garden. As soon as he was strong enough, he took
over the cooking and cleaning. He would always go to his own bed and watch TV at
night but as soon as I went to bed, he would climb in with me. Peter would join
us every weekend and the three of us would sleep in the same bed.
Within twelve months, he had turned into a man. I recall the day he ran into me
when he first noticed a few black hairs appear around his penis. His shoulders
broadened and his chest filled out. His nipples grew from little spots to larger
man sized ones. His cock grew and grew and was now standing at six or seven
inches when erect. His pubic hair had bushed and turned black. The rest of his
body remained blond.
At sixteen he'd grown as tall as me. He passed all his exams with flying colours
and went on to college. I never had to force him to work at his education, as he
loved doing it. He still slept with me every night and he was quite a hunk.
Every week I would still lick the full length of his body. His blond hair never
darkened.

THE END.


NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR:
Sadly this story is fictitious and the author does not necessarily condone sex
with children. Morally, I leave the decision to you as whether such a thing
should ever happen. Forcing a child to have sex is in my opinion definitely
wrong but if a child wants to have sex, of his or her free will, then is it
morally wrong?
Let me know if you'd like more stories like this.


--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....