Copyright (c) 1997  The Story Teller.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


The Young Muggers by 'The Story Teller'

Chapter 2

After the experience of last Sunday, the week seemed to drag as I looked forward
to the weekend and meeting my nephew, Peter. Last Sunday was probably the best
day I had ever spent in my life. I still bear some of the scars of all the cuts
and bruises that I received but they were reminders of the wonderful time I'd
had and the day I took my nephew.

At long last its Saturday morning and Peter is due to be dropped off at any
moment by his parents. I'm dying to talk about last Sunday with him and I am
hoping he still feels the same way about me. The doorbell rings and I answered
it and there was Peter. I waved to his parents as they reversed out of the
driveway and then closed the door. "Hi Uncle Dave" said Peter.
"Hi Peter," I answered, "By the way you don't need to call me Uncle anymore,
when your parents aren't about. After last weekend, it makes me feel guilty and
I think it might be better if we just consider ourselves as good friends and not
relations!"
"Don't you mean lovers," said Peter.
His remarked almost embarrassed me but he was right and replied, "Okay lovers!
So you still feel the same about me, do you?"
"Of course I do. And you?"
"Yes, I do. It's just I wasn't sure that in the cold light of day that you'd
want to go on with a relationship. There's something else I been wanting to ask
you..." I hesitated for a moment and continued, "Let's put it this way, I'm not
gay and I like women as well, how about you?"
"No, I'm not gay but I guess we're both bisexual after last week. I love you but
in a different way to how I feel towards girls. I love sex and I enjoy being
with you."
I reached out and grasped his hand and pulled him towards me. His mouth beckoned
me to kiss it and I surrendered to it. I placed my hands on his shoulders as our
mouths were entwined. My hands soon moved down his back and under his pants and
I began stroking the bare skin of his buttocks. Peter's hands moved down the
front of my body and were unbuttoning my trousers and they were soon around my
ankles along with my briefs. "Dave," he said, "last week I tasted your meat and
it was nice but it nearly choked me. I'd like to try again but in the upright
position."
"Be my guest," I quickly replied.
We were still in the hallway and was already stripped from the waist down with
young lad giving me a blow-job. I wondered what sought of day we had ahead of
us. His beautiful tender lips were wrapped around the crown of my penis. His
young tongue was teasing the end of cock and I could feel the pressure welling
up in my balls. I knew I couldn't stand this for long. For being only 13 he knew
when I was near to exploding and he would stop and let the feeling subside and
then start again. He was purposely prolonging my orgasm. I couldn't wait no
longer and I put my hands firmly on his head and held him on the end of my
organ. He continued and I exploded inside his mouth and he took the lot, wave
after wave. He took it better than I had taken his load last week and managed to
swallow the lot.
"Oh, that tastes good," he said to me after swallowing the last drop and then
went about licking the rest of the end of my shaft.

I picked up my trousers and briefs and we went into the kitchen and I put the
kettle on for a cup of coffee. I turned to Peter and asked him, "You know last
week, when I penetrated you, I didn't hurt you too much did I?" It was something
that I'd been worried about.
"Well, yes it did but once you were inside me the pain subsided. It's been a bit
soar since."
"I am sorry. Would you do it again?"
"Yep! I know my friends were jealous of me last week. They've been asking me
what it's like to have a big cock inside them. I told them that hurts at first
and then it turns into something wonderful!"
"Was I the first?" I asked.
"Not quite. My friends and I have often played sex games and a ten-year-old boy
once penetrated me but it was nothing like when you did it. His prick was only
small and I hardly felt it."
I was disappointed that I wasn't the first but I somehow guessed that I wasn't.
His young anus was just a little too loose for a virgin. 

We sat for while and talked and drunk our coffees. Then the doorbell rang. I
quickly put on my briefs and trousers and started for the door. I wondered who
it might be and I hoped whoever it was that they didn't stay too long as I
wanted to explore Peter some more. I opened the front door and was greeted by a
large group of kids. "Hello Dave," said one of the kids, which I'm sure I
recognised, "want to be mugged again?"
It was then that I recognised who they were. It was the group of kids that had
pretended to mug me last weekend. I let them in and made them all a drink.
"We didn't hurt you too much last week, did we?" said one of the boys.
"Just I little," I said.
"Well we're sorry about that but we had to make it look real."
"I guess you did. Why have you all come here today?"
"We knew how much enjoyed last weekend," said another the lads, "By the way my
name is Darren and I was the leader last week." I had already recognised him.
"We felt it was only fair that YOU should become the master and we'll be your
slaves! That's why we're here today. We will obey your every command. Our
parents think we have gone a trip and we're not due home until late this
afternoon, so we're yours for the day"
The thought of having all these youngsters at my command gave me a quite a
thrill and my cock grew uncomfortably inside my trousers. I wondered for a while
that perhaps this was just a joke and that they were not really willing to do
everything that I said. They seemed genuine enough, so I thought I would put
them to the test. "Okay then Darren, let's see if you really mean what you're
saying. I want you to go upstairs and go in to the first bedroom on the right. I
want you to find the cane in the corner of the room and place it on the bed. I
want you to then take your clothes off and lean over the end of the bed. I will
be up in a minute and I'm going to give a good hard caning for what you did to
me last week."
"Okay Dave," said Darren as he left the kitchen.
I left it a few minutes and told the others that they would each receive the
same punishment. I went upstairs and entered the bedroom and was quite surprised
to see Darren stripped and laying over the end of the bed with the cane
alongside him. I went into the wardrobe and pulled out some rope and said "Just
to make sure that you take your punishment, I'm going to tie your hands to the
bedposts."
"Okay" replied Darren.
Good grief I thought to myself, he really willing to go through with this. I
tied his wrists to the bedposts so that he was totally at my mercy. I picked up
the cane and went about giving his bare buttocks some fairly hard swipes. I
could see weal's appearing on his buttocks but he refrained from crying although
he was having difficulty. His bum was bright red when I'd finished. I was about
to untie him when I remembered what Peter had said about them wondering what it
was like to have a cock inside them. I run my hands over his buttocks. They were
red hot. I placed my fingers into his opening and he groaned. "Okay Darren, I'm
going to enter you now!" I said.
"Okay Dave," Darren replied.
I knew that most of the pain I'd suffered last weekend was because of Darren, he
was the oldest and the other boys obviously looked up to him. Yet here he was
with his arse waiting for me and at my mercy. I got out of my clothes and
without any hesitation I plunged my cock deep into his opening. He let out an
almighty scream as I pushed my cock in all the way. I couldn't believe it but
Darren was tighter than Peter had been. "Keep it quiet," I demanded.
"Yes, Sir", he replied.
I let him get used to having my cock inside him before I started to slowly pump.
I pushed my hand under his body and found his cock. It was already erect and
covered in pre-cum. This told me that he was enjoying what I was doing to him
and I began to pump him harder and faster. He started to groan with pleasure as
I increased the motion and before I finally released my load, he released his
load all over the bed.
"Oh man, that was wonderful," he said in a soft voice. "Can I be of further
assistance to you, Sir"
"Sure can," I said not believing that he still wanted to obey me, "You can clean
up my cock and then you can clean up the mess you made of the bed."
I untied him from the bed and he started cleaning me up with his tongue. When
he'd finished he looked at me for approval that he'd done the job properly and I
nodded to him and beckoned him to clean the pool of his cum that was on the
bedclothes. Using his mouth he drank the pool of cum.
"Who's the next oldest?" I asked him.
"Err...Jason. He's 14." He replied.
"Okay, now I want you call him up here and then come back here yourself, I
haven't finished with you yet!"
"Yes, Sir!" he said as he left the room and shouted down for Jason.
Within in few moments Jason entered the bedroom followed by Darren. I sat on a
chair in the corner of the room. I said to Jason, "Are you ready to receive your
punishment?"
"Yes, Sir!" he replied. They'd obviously rehearsed their responses to me!
"Good boy," I said, "I want you to undress and put your clothes on top of
Darren's."
Jason went about taking his clothes off while Darren and I watched. Jason was
probably the least tanned of the group. He obviously didn't let the sun to his
body all that often. His skin was very fair and covered in a good smattering of
freckles. He was very thin and you could see his ribs clearly and his bum was
virtually flat. His cock was of reasonable length but was very thin and his
foreskin looked like it was too big for his penis as it dangled from the end of
his organ. I asked him to sit across my still naked lap while I caressed his
naked body. I whispered to him, "Now I want you to take your punishment like a
man. Darren is going to cane you until your cheeks are nice and red and then
when I tell him he's going to stick his cock inside your arse. It may hurt quite
a bit, are you sure you want to go through with it?"
"Yes I'm sure," he said nervously.
I watched as Darren tied him down and administered several sharp blows of the
cane across Jason's buttocks. I kept an eye of Jason's face to make sure that he
wasn't crying and that the punishment wasn't too severe. After all, I wanted him
to enjoy the experience. I wanted all of them to enjoy it and wanted to make
sure that none of them did what they didn't want to do. I could see that Darren
was enjoying it as his cock once again stood proud and so was mine! I told
Darren that he'd caned him enough now and that he should have his way with
Jason. A smile came across Darren's face as he guided his cock into Jason. Jason
jumped but accepted Darren's cock with barely a murmur and was soon moving in
unison with Darren's pumping. I saw the relief on Darren's face has he shot his
load into his friends anus. He guessed that I'd want him to follow what I'd done
and he untied Jason and told him to clean his cock with his tongue.

I told Darren to leave us and go into the next bedroom and wait. He went to grab
his clothes and I told him, "Leave them there. You won't need then for a while."
After he left the room, I asked Jason who the next oldest boy was and he told me
it that it was Chris and that he was 13. I told him to shout for him and within
a couple of moments they arrived. Chris undressed and sat on my knee. Chris was
quite tubby, something I'm not particularly fond of, but he was an Asian
background so his skin was a golden brown colour. Although he was only 13, his
body was covered in dark hair and his pubic area was thick with mounds of thick
dark pubic hairs. Apart from his height and his obvious boyish face you would
have thought that he was a man. His breasts, because he was overweight, hung
like small tits from his chest. Unlike most overweight people, who's nipples
usually fold and look uninviting, Chris's nipples were round and solid and were
almost black in colour. I couldn't help myself and had one of his nipples in my
mouth and was sucking on it as if I was trying to get milk from it. Chris was
enjoying the attention that I was paying to his chest and I could see his
already erect cock twitching with my every sucking motion.
"It's time for your punishment," I said to him. I knew with all the excess fat
that Chris was carrying that tying him to the bed would be no good as he'd have
too much cushioning from his fat and so I told Jason to tie Chris's hands to
ankles so that his body was folded in half. This stretched the boy's buttocks so
that the cane could penetrate the fat. Jason knew what to do and went ahead
without any intervention from me and I just sat back and watched.

Next was James. He was 11. He was very underdeveloped for his age compared to
the others. He had no body hair whatsoever but he was beautifully tanned. His
body was slim and perfect. I remembered his jet black hair from last weekend and
knew that this boy had the sweetest cum of the group. Possibly sweeter than
Peter's. When he'd got undressed and he was standing in front of me stark naked
my lips began to quiver and I knew I had to taste his nectar once more. I
kneeled in front of him and started to suck on his organ. He grabbed the back of
my head like a true professional and I was in heaven as I once again tasted his
fluids. "For being a good boy," I said to him, "You can miss the caning but are
you happy about Chris fucking you?"
"Yes, Sir!" was the reply.
I watched as he bent over the end of the bed and Chris began shafting him.

The next boy was Garry and he was also 11. He was the short for his age and a
lot shorter than James. I would guess that he'd be ribbed in school about his
height. When he undressed, he was perfectly formed and had a well developed
chest. It looked like he looked after his body and had possibly done some weight
training. He was blonde and had a good smattering of blonde hair on his arms and
legs. He had a small amount of dark hair under his arms and a line of dark hair
just above his circumcised cock. His lips were lovely and pink and well formed
and I felt that they needed kissing. As James hadn't received a caning and as
Garry didn't look strong enough to take a heavy beating, I requested that James
gave Garry a good spanking instead. I checked that Garry was prepared to go
ahead with a fucking and he told me he was and so I told James to get stuck in.
The last kid was a bit of a surprise. He was called Sam and was 10. I remembered
the youngest boy from last weekend and how he couldn't yet manage to cum and I'd
estimated as being about 8. The person that was in front of me I was sure wasn't
the same kid. Remember of course I didn't see their faces last week but this kid
was certainly taller. The kid was wearing a cap and had what looked like a
feminine face but it isn't always easy to tell at this age. As before I demanded
the usual stripping. As the vest was removed, I looked at the breast region and
thought that something wasn't quite right. "This boy looks more like a girl", I
thought to myself. The nipples were much larger and there was a small cupping
under each of them. As the kid pulled down his trousers, I realised that these
weren't boy's underpants or shorts but girl's knickers. This wasn't a boy at all
but a young girl. She pulled down her knickers and sure enough there wasn't a
cock. Instead there was a small bush of hair surrounding her small female
opening. She then took off her cap and let her long blonde hair fall from under
the cap and it fell down around her shoulders and down her back. Some of her
hair fell forward and was just long enough to reach the top of her barely
developed breasts.
"What's your real name?" I asked her.
"Sam," she replied, "short for Samantha."
"Okay Samantha," I said, "Obviously I didn't meet you last weekend!" I looked
down at her private regions as if to point out the fact that she didn't have a
cock. "So who are you?"
"You met my younger brother, Larry. I often play naughty games with Larry and
his friends. I knew about last week but they wouldn't let me join in. Larry
couldn't come this weekend, he had to go to my Gran's house. Larry told me about
they had planned for today and I wanted to join in. The rest agreed that I could
come and that it would be a nice surprise for you. Your not angry are you?"
"No, I'm not angry but I am rather shocked. I thought you were all boys and I've
been rather tough on them as you might have heard," I said to her.
"I expect to be treated the same," she said.
I thought for a moment, I looked into her eyes and she was serious, she wanted
to be treated as 'one of the boys'. I told to her to sit on my bare lap. Instead
of sitting across my lap she straddled my lap so that she was facing me. Her
young cunt was a couple of inches away from my cock. She looked down at my organ
that was embarrassingly growing with excitement. It was excited even more when
she grabbed hold of it and pulled it towards her pussy. It'd been quite a while
since I'd had hetro sex and it was certainly the first time with a young girl.
"We can't do it, " I said to her, "You're obviously developed enough to bear
children and I wouldn't want to risk that happening to you." She leapt off my
lap. I thought I'd upset her but she picked up her jeans and pulled out a bundle
of condoms. She re-sat on my lap and carefully opened one of the packets and
rolled a condom over my cock. What more could I say. She raised herself and with
one hand on my cock, she lowered herself down on it. She wasn't a virgin, that
was obvious, but I don't think she'd ever had a grown-up cock inside her before.
She was tight but she persevered and forced herself down the whole length. It
obviously hurt her but she was determined to continue. She raised and lowered
herself up down the length of my cock. God did it feel good. I brushed her hair
from around her breasts and started playing homage to them with my tongue. This
really excited her and within moments she was quivering with her first orgasm. I
could feel the lips of her opening gripping my cock and the feel of warm fluids
oozing out of her as wave after wave of pleasure run through her little body. I
was enjoying it as much as she was and I was consciously holding back my own
orgasm. After a couple of minutes or so I couldn't hold back anymore and I
released by hot cum. The feeling must have been so good to her as well as she
started to shudder once again and hit a second orgasm. I think this was the
first time that I've ever managed to get a second orgasm from a female to one of
mine. It was wonderful.

After all the feelings had subsided she lifted herself off my organ and stood in
front of me and said, "Now I'm ready for my punishment!"
"I can't punish you after what you just did. Besides I am punishing the others
for what they did to me last week. You weren't even there!" I said to her,
bemused that she wanted to be punished.
"I insist, Sir. I want to take my brother's punishment!"
I considered the situation for a moment and thought "What the hell." I turned to
her and said, "Your skin is more sensitive than the boys and I wouldn't want to
harm it. So instead I'm going to get Garry to whip you with this towel. It'll
hurt just as much but it won't leave any marks. Are you sure you want to go
through with it?"
"Yes, Sir," came that now familiar reply.
I instructed Garry to start whipping her. I told him to spread the lashes around
her back, bum and legs. She jumped at every lashing but kept a smile on her
face. I had decided that was all the punishment she should have. I was surprised
when she turned back at me and said, "I don't think I've received all my
punishment yet! What else do I have to do?" She smiled at me.
"Well, yes you're right, the other boys were forced to have anal penetration.
You've already been penetrated so it doesn't count."
"Yes it does Sir," she replied. "I'm happy to take Garry inside my bum."
What could I say. I told Garry to fulfil her wish and I saw his eyes light up.
He'd been wondering if he was going to get any action out of it. Fortunately,
Garry wasn't all that big in the cock department and he fucked her anus without
causing any problems to her.

I told Sam and Garry to go and join the others in the next bedroom, leaving
their clothes behind. I knew that the group would be wondering what was going to
happen next to them but I decided to leave them stew on it for a while and I
went downstairs to see Peter. "Do you know you're the only person in the house
who has his clothes on?"
"I can soon alter that," he said and started undressing himself.
"No, " I said stopping him, "let me do it for you." He'd already taken his
jumper off, so I started undoing his shirt. Peter never wore a vest or T-shirt
under his shirt. I undid one button at a time and then let the beauty of the
newly revealed skin hit me before undoing another. While the rest of the kids
were great and each had their own beauty, none of them compared with Peter. As
the last button was undone I pulled back his shirt and looked at his bare chest
and stomach. There wasn't an inch of surplus fat anywhere to be seen and yet you
couldn't see any of his bones. If there was a perfect weight ratio then this was
it. He looked at me his wonderfully blue eyes and then lowered them to his chest
as if to beckon me to get stuck in. I tickled each of his nipples with the end
of my tongue, they tasted good. I wasn't going to be happy until my tongue had
visited every square inch of his chest and stomach. When I'd finished, the front
of his body was covered in my saliva.

I turned him around and pulled the shirt off his back and let it slip to the
floor. I kissed and licked the back of his neck and very slowly moved down his
back until I had covered every square inch. I could feel the quivers in his body
as I progressed indicating that he was enjoying every second of it. When I got
to the rim of his trousers, I put my hands around him and unfastened his
trousers. Placing my thumbs inside both his trousers and shorts, I pulled them
down and let them fall to the ground. In front of me was Peter's perfect little
bum. I continued licking across the cheeks and own to the top of his legs and
then returned to his little opening. Peter knew where I was going and leant over
and put his hands on the kitchen table and spreading his legs a little as he did
it. I could see the pink ring of his anus come into view and my tongue followed
the view that confronted me. Peter groaned a little as I teased him with my
tongue. When his ring was soaked in my saliva, I offered my aching cock to his
pink ring and I let it slide deep inside. I was pretty sure that Peter enjoyed
me fucking him last week but he was tied down. This time he was there in front
of me and taking my cock freely.
"Fuck me! Fuck me good and hard!" Peter said as if to confirm that he knew what
was going through my mind.
He groaned and groaned as I pushed my cock in and out. Each thrust pushed all
the way home and I could feel my balls banging tight up against his cheeks. My
hands were busy feeling around his body as I fucked him. A few times my hands
came in contact with his cute cock and it was already dripping with cum. All of
a sudden I could hold back no longer and I released my hot fluid inside his hot
arse. Wave after wave of it squirted deep inside of him. After a felt the last
drop leave me, I fell to my knees with complete exhaustion. Peter too was
exhausted and joined me on the floor.
After a few moments of recovery, I turned to Peter and said, "We've got a room
full of naked people upstairs. Any ideas what we going to do with them?"
"I have a few ideas," he replied!

--
