Copyright (c) 1997  The Story Teller.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.





"The Young Muggers"
by:  The Story Teller


Chapter 4

Peter I had a long discussion about the afternoon's activities as we sat and eat
our tea. We had decided to dress when the rest of the gang was leaving and my
cock was already itching to get out for the evening's session with my nephew.
I'd managed to get on the subject of Peter's fantasies and sexual turnons. He is
only 13 and for such a young age he has a long list of enjoyable sexual
activities. The most prominent interest was in corporal punishment followed
closely by bondage. He told me about the time that his father really lost his
rag with him when he'd been particularly naughty about 12 months ago. He had
stayed out well past curfew and his father was trying to get out of him where he
had been. He didn't want to tell his father that he'd been to a party so he
refused to say. His father got more and more annoyed and Peter was trying hard
to think of some excuse when his father threatened that Peter was too old to
have his pants pulled down and have a good over knee spanking. Peter told me
that this had excited him and he wanted his father to execute his promise. His
father, failing to get a response from his son, pulled Peter towards him and
undid his trousers and placed Peter of his knee. He pulled the back of Peter's
trousers and pants down and gave Peter a good spanking. Peter told me that he
was sure that his father must have felt his swollen penis against his leg!
"So you really enjoyed it, did you?" I said to Peter.
"Yes I did. As far back as I can remember, I always enjoyed being spanked and I
would often be naughty just so that I would get one. Suppose you think I'm
nuts." He said to me.
"No not really. At my age we often fantasise about spanking but I never realised
that kids of your age would. So what your telling me is that when we think that
we are punishing kids, we may actually be pleasing them. Gosh! That's a turn up
for the books. What about when the beating is particularly heavy and it makes
you cry?"
"Even then! I still cry now and then when dad takes his belt to me but
afterwards I usually go upstairs and beat myself off." He paused for while and
then with one of his beautiful grins he looked straight into my eyes and said,
"I've been a very naughty boy today and as my uncle I think you should punish
me!"
"You want me to punish you now!" I said with astonishment but with a thrill
running through my body.
"Yes" he replied.
"But I don't want to hurt you."
"I want you to hurt me," he said with a serious look on his face. "I want you to
punish me hard and don't worry about leaving marks on me as I can hide them for
few days from mum and dad. I want you to punish me and make me cry and to plead
for you to stop."
"Are you absolutely sure?"
"Yes"
"Okay then but you tell me when you've had enough." I said to him and he gave me
a wonderful wicked smile that he knew would melt me.
I guess that if I'm to do this properly I need to get pretty dominant with Peter
and take control of situation. As if Peter had been reading my mind he lifted
his knee and planted it into my groin. I let out an almighty squeal as the pain
shot through my body. Peter had given me a reason to punish him. After I had got
my breath back I turned to Peter and pulled off my belt.
"For that I'm going to take my belt to your back. So get that shirt off now!" I
demanded. Peter quickly undid his shirt and through it to one side. I cleared
the table and pushed Peter firmly down on the table's surface with his arms
outstretched in front of him. With an almighty sweep a laid the first blow of my
belt across Peter's bare back. His body jumped but he refrained from making any
sound. Within moments a large weal appeared on his skin. I planted another blow
across him followed by half a dozen more and still he failed to make a sound.
His back was bright red and covered in lumps and I knew it must have been
hurting like mad but when I looked at Peter's face it was still smiling.
"Hands behind your back," I shouted at him. I tied his hand together and pushed
him hard down on to the table. I guessed that his bare arms might be a bit
tenderer and once again took several swipes of my belt across his back and arms.
Still he smiled. I picked him up off the table, undid his hands and told him to
put his hands on the back of his head and then pushed him back down on the table
but this time with his back to the table. With the belt I took a swipe across
his stomach and he jumped up but quickly laid back down. I swiped him again and
again slowly moving up his body until I was planting blows across his nipples. I
could see he was in a lot of pain but at the same time enjoying it. Even
stranger was the fact that I was enjoying it too.
"Stand up," I demanded. Peter picked himself up off the table and I could see
that his upper torso was so red you couldn't have put a pin in bit of white
skin. "Trousers off now!" I said to him. He did as he was told. I found the cane
that I kept in the larder and with it I began to cane the back of his legs. A
few times I hit him so hard his legs collapsed from underneath him and he fell
to the ground. He would, however, pick himself back up and stand there for more.
I could see from the bulge in his pants that he was genuinely enjoying it. I
couldn't believe that a young man like this could be getting off with such
amounts of pain.
I got him to lie over the back of one of the kitchen chairs and then pulled his
pants down. There in front of me was his beautifully rounded bum. I knew a
simple caning of his bum wasn't going to break him. I got my vibrating dildo
from the bedroom and inserted deep inside his anus and turned it on. This was
the first time that Peter had made a sound. He groaned a little as he got used
to the vibrator in his arse. I then took the cane and started hitting him across
his bum cheeks and trying to purposely hit the end of the vibrator. This was
starting to work and Peter was now starting to make quite a bit of noise as the
pain shot through his body. I asked him several times whether he'd had enough
and each time he would look at me and smile. When I'd decided that this wasn't
going to break him I told him to get up off the table and sit in the chair. When
he got up we both noticed the pool of cum on the table. He'd managed to orgasm
with the pain. It was now becoming a challenge and I guessed that if I were
going to break him it would have to be a balance of pain and humiliation. With
that in mind I demanded that he licked up the mess he'd left on the table. He
did and smiled at me.
I knew his young body was resilient and could probably take more than any adult
but I was ever conscious of causing him any long term damage. However, I was
determined to break him and for him to beg me to stop. I went to the garage and
got a pair of special valve pullers. I'd used this device before but never in
situation like this. It was like a calliper that when screwed would prise open
anything that it placed in. The ends of the callipers were quite wide and flat.
I got Peter to lay down flat on his stomach on the table. I greased the opening
of his anus and lubricated as deep as I could with my fingers. At the same time
my fingers were plying the opening to increase the radius until I was satisfied
that it was big enough. I took the callipers and placed the ends into the
opening of the anus and made sure they were firmly placed. I then began to twist
the screw and slowly the ends of the callipers were widening and so was Peters
opening. I kept adding more and more grease to the edges of his opening and
watching for any signs of tearing. Once the opening of his anus was about 4 or 5
times its normal diameter I decided that it wasn't safe to go any further and
could see that Peter's eyes were closed as he contended with the probable
burning sensation of his overstretched skin. 
I made up a litre bottle of luke warm water and poured it into the opening. When
an anus is stretched open like this, even a young one, it's amazing how much
water it can take. I poured the whole lot in and only the last drop overflowed
out. I left it soak inside him for a few minutes. Then a got the same bottle and
carefully placed the neck of the bottle inside Peter's opening and then slowly
released the callipers and removed them. Peter was now laying on the table with
an inverted bottle sticking out of his arse. While holding the bottle firmly I
made Peter get off the table and to stand up. As I juggled the bottle a little
to let some are in, the fluid from within Peter came rushing back out and into
the bottle. Some of it was running down his legs and some of it must have been
absorbed inside him but I ended up with a half full bottle.
I poured the contents of the bottle into a glass. It was a muddy brown colour.
Peter's eyes were staring at me. He knew what I was going to ask him and I had a
feeling that I was going to succeed in finally breaking him. "Drink it!" I
demanded.
"No way!" was the quick reply.
"Drink it I said!"
"No you can't..." Peter cried. I could see a small tear running down his cheek.
"Are you going to beg me to stop?" I said confidently. 
He thought for a moment or two and I was waiting for him to start begging me. To
my surprise he picked up the glass and drank the lot down in one go.
Enough is enough I thought to myself. This kid is not going to give up!
"Right you little bastard!" I said grabbing him by his hair. "Now I'm going to
get tough!"
I pulled him by his hair up the stairs and into the spare bedroom. I tied a rope
around his wrists and looped the other end of one of the beams and pulled him
into the air and secured the rope. I could see fear in Peter's eyes but he kept
the smile on his face. I put some nipple clamps on his nipples and tightened
them as tight as I'd dare. I then placed a spreader bar between his ankles and
secured it so his legs were spread wide apart. I tied a piece of string round
the end of his young cock in a slipknot and pulled it tight and Peter squealed.
I tied the other end of the string to the centre of the spreader bar and pushed
the bar up so that Peter had to bend his knees and secured it tight. Peter now
had to keep his knees bent in order to keep the string from pulling too much on
his cock. I hung some weights to the spreader bar so as to increase the pressure
on Peter. He was struggling and his legs began to shake with the strain. His
cock was stretching as he fought with the weight. I went to the bathroom and
returned with my razor. Peter looked at me and his eyes began to fill with
tears. I knew how proud he was with his little amount of body hair. I knew how
much I liked his little tuft of perfectly formed pubic hair but this was a
battle and sacrifices have to be made. Besides it'll grow back quickly enough I
thought to myself. I took the razor and shaved all the hair off Peter's young
body. Under his arms, off his legs and of course around his cock.
Peter was now crying streams of tears and it was running down his cheeks and
dripping on his body. Still he wouldn't beg me to stop. I began to slap him
about his buttocks and legs. Harder and harder and each time he'd jump and the
string would tug on his cock. I added some more weights and continued. He was
obviously in agony and I felt ashamed at what I was doing to the boy I loved so
much. Yet he looked so beautiful with his red and tear soaked face. I'd never
seen him like this before and I really wanted to hug and kiss him.
I decided that enough was enough and that he was going to beat me. I removed the
weights and untied the string from his cock. I could see Peter's relief as I did
so. I began to untie his feet from the spreader bar when Peter jumped as I
lightly touched his feet.
"You're ticklish are you?" I said to him as I began to tickle him more. He was
swinging about on the rope as he tried to get away from me. I got one of those
feather dusters and began to tickle him all over.
"Please don't!" he cried.
I continued tickling him between his legs and around his nipples. This seemed to
send him to a frenzy and he was trying everything to get away from tickling.
Eventually he begged me to stop.
"Are you sure? Do you admit defeat?" I said with a certain amount of pleasure
and tickling him once more.

Yes! I admit defeat." He cried.
After all he'd gone through, who would have thought that I could have broken him
with a tickle. I let him down from the ropes and untied him.
"I'm sorry for what I've put you through." I said to him as I hugged him.
"No problem Dave." He said as he lay on the bed. "I enjoyed it all and we must
do it again soon. In the meantime I'm bursting to cum. Would you do me a favour
and give me a blow job?"
We spent the night together and I kissed and licked the wounds that I'd
inflicted on his young and beautiful body. He's one hell of wonderful boy.

SUNDAY

I was sorry to see Peter leave today when his parents picked him up as usual.
Most of the marks on his body had faded away overnight but his arse was still
quite sore. Knowing why, I could see that he was walking a little more carefully
than he usually did but probably not enough for his parents to notice.
I'd hardly finished my lunch when the doorbell rang. I guessed who it was and as
I approached the front door I could see the outline of a young girl through the
frosted glass and knew it was Sam. I was surprised when I opened the door to see
Sam dressed like a real girl instead of a Tomboy. Instead of a jeans and jumper
that she wore the last time I met her, she was wearing an open neck shirt and a
tight plastic mini skirt that barely covered her crotch. The shirt she was
wearing was unbuttoned well down her chest and I could see she didn't have a bra
on and I could see the edges of her small but firm little breasts. I was sure
her parents wouldn't have let her out looking like this when I noticed she was
carrying a small bag that probably contained the clothes she left the house in.
Sam looked more beautiful than I remembered. Her long blonde hair flowed down
her back. This time she was wearing just a smidgen of makeup, which outlined her
wonderful and natural features.
I asked her if she'd like a cup of tea and she did. I told her to take a seat
while I made the drink. She sat down and she did her rather minute dress rose up
her body and there staring at me was the bush of her little cunt. She wasn't
wearing any knickers. I almost felt like forgetting the tea but I knew I had to
restrain myself even though my cock was pressing hard against my pants. When I'd
finished making the tea I put her cup on the table alongside her and I sat down
with my cup.
She looked down at the obvious bulge in my pants and said, "Looks like your
pleased to see me!"
"Guess so." I said with embarrassment.
She leapt out of her seat and on to her knees in front of me. I nearly swallowed
the cup with the shock. She undid my trousers and pulled the front of my pants
down and my rather swollen member jumped out to greet her. Without any
hesitation she wrapped her lips around the end of my cock and started sucking
hard on it. It was quite a surprise but I wasn't going to object. It was hard to
believe she was only 10 as she gave me one of the most wonderful blow jobs I can
ever recall. She didn't have to do it for long before I released everything I
could give into her mouth. She took virtually the whole lot and swallowed it but
as she got back up and sat down I could see that some of my cum had run down her
chin. She drank her tea.
"Thanks," I said. "What do you want to do today?"
"Don't mind," she replied.
"Come on, this was your idea for you to come here today. You've obviously got
some ideas."
She looked a little shy at my words. She gathered her thoughts and said, "To be
honest at my age I'm always being told what to do and when to do it. Even when I
have sex with a boy, he's always in control." She hesitated for a moment, not
knowing how I was going to take what she was about to say. "With out trying to
offend, you're old enough to be my father and I'd love to be able to tell my
father what to do. Would you mind pretending to be my father but let me be the
boss for a change?"
"Sounds okay to me." I replied.
"It'll mean that you'll have to do everything I say. My father treats me like a
slave and I want to know what it feels like to be on the other side of the
coin."
I guessed what she was trying to tell me and asked, "Does your father abuse you,
sexually?"
"Yes," she said with tears in her eyes. I now knew where she got her experience
from. "Don't get me wrong. I like sex, I like it a lot but I always have to do
what HE wants and not what I want."
There was no way I could say no even if I'd wanted to. "Okay then," I said.
"You're the boss for the afternoon and I'll be your slave and do what ever you
ask me!"
"Good and thanks. It means a lot to me." She said and gave a lovely smile. The
smile soon disappeared as she put her hand into her bag and pulled out some
clothes. They were women's clothes and not girl's clothes as I'd imagined. She
handed me the bundle and told me to go upstairs and change into them and then to
come back down. I took the bundle off her and disappeared upstairs. I went into
the bathroom and undressed. I'd never tried wearing women's clothing before and
this was definitely a first! I put on the rather skimpy knickers but found it
difficult to get my cock in them but managed even though it was rather
uncomfortable. I noticed the bra and that Sam had placed padding in the cups and
put it on the best I could. The skirt wasn't much bigger than the one Sam was
wearing and although it fitted I was sure that my balls must have been showing
from underneath it. The blouse was made of a red chiffon type material and was
very much see through. I tried to put on the high heel shoes but found that my
feet were just too big and there was no way they going to fit. So I left them
off and headed back downstairs to the kitchen. I was surprised to find that Sam
wasn't there. 
"Sam," I called out.
"I'm in here," came a voice from the lounge and I joined here there. She had
drawn the curtains. "What did you call me?"
"Sam"
"Bend over!" she said revealing a cane.
"What I do wrong?"
"You called me Sam and nor Sir. Now bend over!" I did as I was told and she gave
six hard swipes across by buttocks. "Where's your shoes?"
"Sorry Sir," I replied. "They didn't fit."
"That's no excuse," she retorted. "Bend over!" She planted another half dozen
swipes with the cane. My bum cheeks were burning with the heat. She certainly
had a strong arm when it came to caning. She went it her bag a pulled out a
small case. "Right I want you take your skirt and knickers off and to lay down
on the floor." I did as she said and I found that my bum smarted as it made
contact with the floor. She went out into the kitchen and came back with towel
and laid it over the footstool and then lifted my legs and placed the footstool
underneath them. I felt quite humiliated laying there wearing only a bra and
blouse with my privates in full view and with my legs raised. She opened the
little case and took out a tube of shaving foam and started applying it to my
legs. Once she had covered my legs in the foam she pulled out a razor and began
shaving off all my hair.
When she'd finished and my legs were void of all their hair she said, "Okay get
up and stand in the middle of the room!" I did as she requested. I was
embarrassed at the fact that once again I had an erection. I think is was mainly
due to a young girl ordering me about and that I was totally under her control.
"Not good enough!" she said. "I want you to sit down on the stool." I did as she
requested. She stood behind me and pulled on my shoulders and forced me down so
that my head and shoulders were on the floor. She went back around in front of
me and forced my legs wide apart. So if you can picture the scene, I had my bum
resting on the stool, my head down on the floor and my legs spread so that my
cock was directly facing her and at her mercy. Once gain she got out the tube of
foam and administered it all around my cock and balls. She also pushed my blouse
up as far as she could and put foam all around my navel. As I expected she
shaved me with the razor. I wondered if she was going to shave me anywhere else
but she didn't. I do have a little hair on my arms but not enough to notice.
She told me to lift my weight off the stool but to basically stay in the same
position. Once again she went into her bag and this time pulled out a vibrator.
She applied a little grease to it. She then grabbed hold of the end of my cock
with a firm grip and pulled it upwards forcing me to lift my body as high as I
could. Without any sign of gentleness she rammed the vibrator in to my anus and
turned it on. My cock responded immediately and it was at it's maximum in size
and I felt as if I was about to explode. Once again she went into her bag and
this time pulled out a mass of bits and pieces. Amongst them was a length of
thin tubing which she inserted into the end of my cock and pushed it all the way
down the inside of my shaft. She then applied a large amount of grease around
the length of my cock and around my balls. She left the room and later returned
with a bowl of warm water. She added the contents of a small packet into the
warm water and mixed it in. Then using a paintbrush she applied a coating of the
warm fluid all over my cock and balls. The vibrator was still driving me crazy,
buzzing away inside me.
"We'll have to let that dry for a minute." She told me. "We have to make sure
that you don't lose that erection." She undid my blouse and undid my bra and
started sucking on my nipples. I was sure I was going to explode for sure. The
warmth of the fluid drying on my cock, the vibrator in my arse and now this
lovely young girl sucking my nipples!
After a while she added some more of the fluid over the top of the already dried
and hardened application she made earlier. She then turned her attention back to
my nipples. This process went on for well over two hours. I wasn't sure if I
still had an erection or not as it was well encased in a kind of plaster
material. Several times during the process my whole body shook with wave after
wave of ecstasy but I had to hold back as I knew my cock was encased.
Finally she forced me to arch upwards and she removed the vibrator. Funny but
for ages it felt as if it was still there. She went bag into her bag and pulled
out a device that made my hair stand up on end. The hair that I still had left
that is! It was a portable plaster cutter like those used in casualty
departments for cutting of a plaster cast. She switched it on and started
cutting a straight line down the length of my cock and over the top and down the
other side and around my balls. I could feel the blade touching my skin but it
only tickled. I did jump as she went over the crown of my cock as I'm
circumcised and the blade was tickling the most sensitive part of my cock.
Within moments she had split the cast in half and removed it from me. She then
pulled the tubing that was inside my cock and that's when I noticed that the
other end had been put in to a jam jar and that there was a couple of inches of
my cum in the bottom of the jar. All the time I thought I had been holding back
I had in fact been cumming but because the tube had been placed so far down I
hadn't had the normal feeling that I would have expected
"Get up and follow me," she said. I followed her upstairs and into the spare
bedroom. She took off the little clothing I still had on and tied my hands to
the rope that was still hanging over the beam from yesterday. She pulled the
rope that I was in sitting position. She tied some string around a pile of heavy
books and tied the other end of the string to the end of my cock just under it's
bell end. She pulled it really tight so that there was no way that it could slip
off. She then tied a gag over my mouth. The vibrator came out once again and it
was shoved back into my arse but this time thank god she didn't turn it on. She
tied a piece of rope around the base of my cock and balls and pulled it tight.
She passed the same rope through the safety loop on the end of the vibrator and
then up to the back of my gag. Feeding the rope through the gag she pulled the
rope with all her might. My head lurched backwards as far as it could and I felt
the strain of rope as it pulled on my cock and an almighty pain run through my
body as the vibrator was pushed all the way into my arse. She pulled on the rope
over the beam and attached to my wrists until I was forced to stand. She tied
another rope to each of my ankles and with an almighty tug she pulled my feet
from underneath me and secured the rope so that I was now suspended off the
ground. She kept adjusting the ropes raising me higher and higher until the
strain of the string tied to the end of my cock and to the pile of books had
been taken up. She pulled more and more and my already strained cock was being
stretched and it felt like it was going to be wrenched from me. I wasn't sure
what was hurting the most, she certainly knew what she was doing.
I thought she could do no more to me but I was wrong. Out of her bag came
another little kit. It was a small surgical kit. She unravelled some twine and
fed it through a surgical needle, the type they use for stitching cuts. She
pushed the needle through the side of one of my nipples and out the other side
and pulled the twine through my nipple. She did the same to my other nipple.
Each piece of twine was tied in a loop and she then added some weights to each
of the loops. My nipples were being pulled towards the ground and I was
surprised that they didn't hurt as much as I thought. If I moved slightly they
would sting a bit but it was quite sensuous. 
"I'm going to leave you for a while. Now be a good boy while I'm away." She left
the room and I was left to fight my restraints. She had meticulously worked out
this plan. The rope from the back of my gag was both causing pressure on the
vibrator and on my cock. The pressure on the cock was in an upward direction
that put further strain on the string tied to it, which was in a downward
direction. Pushing my head back even further could relieve the pressure on both
my cock and arse a little. However this caused me to arch my back more and this
would cause further pain in my nipples. There didn't seem to be a happy medium
and I spent the next hour or so alternating between the two. My cock had turned
blue but was no longer erect and that had taken some of the pressure off it.
"How you doing?" Sam said as she finally came back into the room. I tried to
answer but it just came out as a muffle. "I guess it must be quite uncomfortable
like that." She said and flicked the two weights hanging from my nipples. I felt
a sharp sting in both of them. "Gosh! That didn't get much reaction, did it?
Perhaps I haven't put enough weight on them!" she went in her bag and found some
more weights. A lot more weights! She just kept piling them on and for a moment
I nearly passed out with increased pain. It was no longer just a stinging
sensation but burning and heavy pain was shooting across my chest. She was
obviously enjoying my agony and she pulled on the rope that was supporting my
legs. This moved me further away from the pile of books tied to my cock and it
stretched my cock to breaking point. My cock when fully erect is about 7 inches
long but it now felt like it was about 12 inches long and it wasn't even erect!
She had found a basket in my house. It was one of those that had once had a
flower display in it. The type of basket that has a big looped handle on the top
of it. She placed the handle of the basket over my head. It was quite a big
basket and the added weight was making it more difficult to keep my head bag.
"You've been quite a good boy and as a reward I'm going to let you see me
undress." She'd been in the house for a quite a few hours and up until now all
I've seen of her is a glimpse of her cunt when she first arrived. She slipped
off her shoes and threw them in the basket that was over my neck. She then took
off her socks and threw them in the basket as well. I greeted with the odour of
her feet as the socks were less than a couple of inches from my nose. Although I
was in a lot of pain and discomfort I actually found the odour quite pleasant
and I could feel my cock starting to grow. Sam also noticed it.
"Get turned on by feet do you?"
She pulled up a chair so that she was directly underneath me and because of the
basket she was out of my view. The next thing was that I could feel her bare
feet touching my stomach. She run them up and down my body and them gently
teasing the weights on my nipples and then teasing my cock. For a minute I
thought she was mellowing and was going to be a little easier on me but I was
wrong again. I caught the sound of rushing air a split second before I felt the
blow of one her feet kicking me in the stomach. The blow winded me and I was
gasping for the little air I could get passed the gag over my mouth. The blow
had caused my whole body to swing causing great pain in my cock, arse and
nipples.
She once again came back into view, standing a couple of feet in front of me.
She slowly undid each of the buttons on her shirt and revealing more and more of
her small but exciting breasts. She let the shirt slide to the floor and she
began to run her hands up and down her chest. God she was wonderful! She played
with her long blonde hair letting it slide over her breasts and then she'd pull
it away again. She sat down in the chair but this time so I could see her. She
ran her hands up and down her long and sleek legs. She'd raise each leg as she
did it, so as to give me a fleeting glance of her pussy. Finally she put her
hand on the zip to her skirt and unzipped it. The skirt dropped to the floor and
there she was standing totally naked in front of me.
She went into her bag and pulled out a rubberised cock. Within a moment I
recognised it. It was a copy of my own cock. She also took out the jam jar of my
cum. She opened the jam jar and dipped the end of the rubberised cock into the
cum. Without any hesitation she sat low down in the chair and inserted the cock
into her pussy. She pushed it in and out as she pushed her head back with
ecstasy.
"Bet you never thought you'd watch me fucking myself with YOUR cock!" she said
with a wicked smile on her face. She pushed in and out and I just wished it
really were my cock. Within a couple of minutes her body shook and she shouted
out with pleasure as reached an orgasm. Even though she was only ten, I could
see her fluids running down her legs.
"Want a taste?" she said to me and untied the gag and rope around my mouth. "Now
you can have a go at sucking your own cock!" She dipped it into the jam jar and
then pushed it into my mouth. I felt it hit the back of my throat. "Suck it!"
she demanded. I started to suck it. She started to push in and out of my mouth
in unison with my sucking. With her other hand she'd picked up a small syringe
that had been filled with my cum and when she thought it was time for my copy
cock to cum, she inserted the end of the syringe into my mouth alongside the
cock and squirted it's contents into my mouth. I felt it hit my throat and I had
to swallow as quick as I could. Wow! She had managed to get me to suck my own
cock and to swallow my own cum. She'd even warmed up the cum!
She disappeared out of my view and I could feel her taking out the vibrator from
my arse. It was immediately replaced with the rubberised cock. "Now you're going
to fuck yourself!" she pushed the cock in and out and just like she'd done in my
mouth, she injected my cum into my arse.
She undid the rope and string tied to my cock and I could feel the rush of blood
reaching the end of my cock. It felt so hot! "Before I release you I need to
replenish my supply of your cum." She placed the jam jar under my cock and began
jerking me off. The jerking movement was causing the weights to swing on my
nipples but they no longer felt as painful and they were acting like a stimulus.
Within moments I was ejecting wave after wave of hot cum into her jam jar. She
didn't stop massaging my penis and within a couple of minutes I was once again
filling her jam jar with more. She removed the weights from my nipples.
"I hope you want to have a pee!"
"Yes I do." I replied.
She got an old sheet from the airing cupboard and placed it on the floor
underneath me. I no longer had any retrains stopping me from moving my head and
I could now follow her around the room with my eyes. She laid down on the sheet
and said, "Okay you can relieve yourself now." She had positioned herself
directly under my cock and I watched her reaction as I released a bladder full
of my piss all over her. She really seemed to get a kick from it.
She finally released the rest of the ropes and untied them. She demanded that I
lay down on the soaking wet sheet. She straddled herself over me and pissed warm
urine over my tired and shattered body.
We both took a shower together and soaped each other down and cleaned each
other. We went downstairs and had a cup of tea and a chat. Although we were both
still naked she was no longer the master and we relaxed in each other's company.
"That was some torture you put me through." I said to her.
"I wasn't too hard on you, was I?"
"Just a little" I said.
"I am sorry," she said apologetically.
"How did you learn to make a model of cock?"
"I had to do it for my father. All the gear belongs to him. He says that I need
more fucking than he can manage and came up with the idea of making a copy of
his cock so that I could fuck myself with it when he wasn't available."
"Does your father abuse you often?"
"Several time a week. When ever my mother isn't about. My mother also goes away
for the whole weekend once every month and my father puts me through the same
sought of thing that I've put you through this afternoon." She said with a tear
in her eye.
"No wonder you wanted to see what it's like to administer rather than receive
such punishments. Did you enjoy it?"
"It was great but I am sorry for putting you through it."
"No problem. In fact I quite enjoyed it but then I knew it was a one off but you
have to face it all the time. I am sorry."
There was a deathly silence for while. We were both deep in thought. I looked at
her and I knew that she couldn't possibly have made up such a story. Her father
needed sorting out. I made an excuse that I had to have a piss and left her in
the kitchen. I went upstairs and looked up the telephone number of Sam's home. I
rung the number and her father answered.
"Mr Williams," I said down the phone.
"Yes" her father answered.
"My name is Dave and I'm with your daughter Samantha right now."
"Oh yes"
"She is sat in my kitchen stark naked."
"What you mean stark naked. What's happened?"
"I mean she's sat in my kitchen stark naked and I'm stark naked as well. We've
just been talking about parental relationships and how you force her to take
part in sexual fantasies that you have!"
"You had better not have touch her! You shouldn't listen to her wild stories,
anyway"
"Well, yes I have touched her. We've been having a wonderful time but only
because she wants to and not because she's forced to. They're not wild stories.
I can see the tell tale marks on her. For example the marks on her nipples where
you've been putting twine through them using surgical needles."
"Umm"
"And then there's the unnatural large opening she has in both her vagina and her
arse! The rope marks are also quite obvious from very recent bondage!"
"Umm. It's none of your business what I do with my daughter." Her father said
not sure what to say.
"I'm making it MY business. You have a very sexually active young daughter and
while I don't believe anyone should stop her enjoying herself I will not stand
by and let you abuse her without her consent. I will continue to see your
daughter and if I hear that you have abused her in such away again or if I hear
that you have punished her in any way for talking to me, then not only will I
come and sort you out physically, I'll report you to the authorities."
"I'll report you too!"
"Just try it. I know who Samantha will support. She'll deny everything that's
happened with me but I wouldn't like to guarantee she'd treat you the same. It's
up to you mate!"
"Perhaps you're right. I guess I am ashamed of forcing her. I've always thought
that she wouldn't want to know me if I didn't force her. Do you think she'll
forgive me?"
"In time. I would suggest you let her boss you around for while and regain her
trust. I must warn you though she can be tough! I know I've just been on the
receiving end."
"I'll give it a try. I guess I can't stop you seeing her either. If she wants to
see you then I'll have to accept it."
"Okay. The minute she says she's had enough with either of us then we must
accept it no matter how much it hurts. Let's keep in touch with each other. Bye
for now."
"Bye and thanks"
I went back downstairs and told Sam what I'd just done. She was a bit shocked at
first and scared that her father would punish her. I assured her that we had
come to an understanding and that she was free to enjoy sex from now on and not
fear it. She liked the idea of being the boss with her father for while. I said
that I'd like to go on seeing her providing she wanted to but that she was under
no pressure to have to unless she really wanted to.
"If I really want to," she said. "Don't be silly, I love you. I love you as a
father and I love you as a lover." She planted a lovely kiss on my cheek. "I
guess I don't need to be home for quite a while. Fancy going to bed."
"Do I? You just stop me!"


MONDAY

"Hi Gary," I said as I answered the door. "Just finished school?"
"Yeah. I've got to be home by 8 o'clock so we've got a few hours," Gary said
suggestively looking at my groin. I planted him a kiss on his lips.
Gary is 11 years old, short for his age, has lovely blonde hair and a wonderful
face with well developed features. He had such wonderful lips that you just
couldn't help kissing them. Even with his clothes on you can see that he has a
well developed chest and I recently found out that he visits the gym a couple of
time a week.
"So what do you want to do Gary?" I said to him.
"I'm not sure. It's a bit embarrassing being alone with you."
"I don't want to force you into anything you don't want to do. Any suggestions?"
"Well I always seem to miss out on the strip poker games. I guess they think I'm
too young or something. I like the idea of the anticipation playing games. We
could make it that the winner becomes the King for say an hour after the game
has finished. What you think?"
"Sounds good to me," I answered. Having a quiet session wouldn't be a problem
after yesterday's antics with Sam. I'm not a brilliant poker player but then
again Gary's only eleven so I doubt if he is either.
"Good," said Gary. "Let's make it 10 coins for each article of clothing. The
ante will be one coin with double to see." His words shook me. He knew about
poker. "Maximum raise is double and a free start of 10 coins for each player.
Clothing has to be surrendered immediately and shoes and socks count as one
item. No jewellery counted and a maximum of 5 articles of clothing. Clothes
cannot be repurchased and the loser is deemed when a player runs out of money."
"Yeah" I said with astonishment with the knowledge the boy had.
The game got underway and I started well. I had a couple of good hands and I
tried to indicate that I was bluffing and Gary took the bait. He overbid his
hands and lost after some heavy bidding. He'd offered his shoes and socks and
later his jumper. I too had to keep up with the bidding and had given up my
shoes and socks but now had a pile of coins in front of me. We were now into the
third hand and I drew only 2 cards but had nothing to show for it. Gary must
have had a good hand but was still unsure with my game. He needed more money and
offered his shirt. We took a break from the bidding while he took his shirt off.
I watched with awe as he revealed his gorgeous body. He was small but his upper
body was perfectly formed and he was quite a hunk. His perfectly round nipples
were a deep pink and I had to refrain myself from leaping on him and sucking on
them. He continued to match my bid but then I doubled on him and he bottled out
and through in his hand. I took the pot. 
The next hand turned out the same and once again he needed more money and
offered his trousers. I watched with great excitement as he undid the top of his
trousers. As he slid the zip of his fly down and finally let his trousers drop
to the floor I could feel my cock getting excited. He stood there for a few
moments. He obviously knew I was admiring him. He was a touch embarrassed about
the underpants he was wearing as they were obvious kids underpants that he'd
probably had for years but had not yet grown out of. I could also see that he
too had a bulge in pants and it was pushing hard against the material of his
ever so slightly too small underpants. A tell tale stain of pre-cum could be
seen in his pants. We finally got back to the game and to my surprise my little
trick didn't work and he called me. I only had a pair of threes and he had three
queens. I lost a substantial pot.
>From then on my luck turned as Gary had obviously sussed me. My game wasn't at
its best as my attention was really on admiring Gary's body. Hand after hand I
lost in a row and before long I too was only wearing my underpants. Gary had
nearly all the money and I had little left. During the next hand I was dealt 4
kings but I had to offer my underpants in order to keep up the bidding. Gary's
eyes were glued to my cock and he too started to lose interest in the game. I
dealt another round of cards and once again I had a brilliant hand. My luck was
changing back and perhaps I could get back all the money and get Gary to lose
his underpants. I ached to see him take them off. Then again I knew it would
probably be better if I was to lose the game and let Gary be in the driving
seat. It was a dilemma but I decided that I was going to lose. I run up the
bidding and Gary kept up with me and then I threw in my hand on the last bid.
Gary took the pot and I had no more money. I had lost the game.
"What is your command almighty one?" I said to him.
"Umm...Let me think...I think I'd like to rape you!" he said sheepishly.
"Your wish is my command." I replied. It hadn't dawned on me that he might wish
to penetrate me but what the heck I wasn't going to say no. "Sir would you like
me to prepare you? Would you like me to remove your pants so that you may fuck
me?"
"Yes I think that would be nice." He replied and it was like music to my ears. I
kneeled in front of him. I put my fingers just inside the band of his underpants
and ever so slowly lowered them. I could see the fine line of his pubic hairs
appear and then the base of his penis. I continued and more and more of his
penis came into view until with a sudden jolt his penis jumped out at me. I then
more swiftly pulled his pants down to his ankles and he stepped out of them. I
don't know why but I picked up the discarded underpants and put them to my nose
and sniffed them. I could feel the dampness of his pre-cum against my face. The
smell of his pants really turned me on. 
"You like that don't you?" he said to me. I was a little embarrassed at what I
was doing. "Well you can smell them more if you like!" He took the underpants
from me and turned them inside out and then folded them into a ball. He picked
up his discarded shirt and after pressing the rolled up pants against my nose
and mouth he tied his shirt around my head so as to hold them there. No matter
how I tried to breathe either through my mouth or nose, I could both smell and
taste his perfume.
He grabbed my cock and pulled me upstairs. I could hardly see where I was going
as his shirt was covering most of my vision. He told me to lay face down on the
bed and I could feel him easing grease into my anal opening with his fingers.
Moments later he climbed on top of me and I could feel his wonderful little
organ pushing its way into my rectum. He was laying on top of me and the feeling
of his naked skin on my back was giving me shivers down my back. He pumped away
at my opening and it wasn't very long before I could feel the warmth of his cum
oozing inside me. He was panting as he collapsed on my back. He laid there for
quite a while and I was enjoying the contact he was making with my bare back.
Eventually he rolled off me. He looked at me and I looked at him. He undid the
shirt and removed his pants from my face.
"Was that good for you?" he said.
"Wonderful" I replied.
Within moments of speaking we were bear hugging each other and had our tongues
down each other's throats. His cock was pressed hard against my stomach. My
hands were exploring his body especially his cute little arse. His skin was so
soft but his muscles were so firm that it was just a pleasure to run my hands
all over him. I was soon licking him all over his wonderful little body and he
too started returning the pleasure with his tongue. We ended up in a 69 position
with Gary laying on top of me and we had each others cocks in our mouths and my
fingers were in his arse. We both reached our orgasms at the same time.
Time had beaten us and it was time for Gary to go. I helped him dress and it was
sad to see him go.

TUESDAY

My sister Claire had called at the house. My parents had dropped her off. I had
forgotten that my parents had asked me to look after her for a few days. I knew
that tonight was the night that 15-year-old Darren was coming. Darren wanted
very much to be a slave and we had previously arranged the evening's events.
There wasn't time to cancel and I was hoping that I could catch Darren as he
arrived and to tell him that it wasn't convenient for him to come tonight. 
My sister was a lot younger than me and had just celebrated her sixteenth
birthday. I often wondered where she got her beauty from because she was a great
looker. I guess you could say that I've fancied for quite a long time but
because she was my sister and because of my parents, I'd never made any advances
to her. Besides I'm sure she wouldn't be interested anyhow.
"Like a coffee?" I asked her. I wanted to get to the kitchen as Darren was due
to be arriving.
"I'll get it," she replied. She was always the helpful type but now wasn't a
good time. Before I could answer she was up on her feet and leaving the room.
"Shit!" I said quietly to myself. I wasn't sure what to do next. Then an
inspiration hit me. Darren was due to call at the back door and so I decided to
watch from the lounge window and to hopefully catch Darren walking up the
driveway. That way I could stop him from embarrassing us all.
"David!" came a voice from the kitchen. It was my sister's voice. "You've got a
visitor," she continued.
I felt the heat rise to my face. I dashed out of the lounge into the hallway. I
stopped and froze. From the hallway you can see through the kitchen and see the
back door. There stood in the doorway was Darren. He was standing there stark
naked with his hands cuffed behind him. That's why I'd been so concerned. I had
previously arranged for him to come around the back garden, to remove all his
clothes and to hide them in the shed. He was to bring his set of handcuffs and
was to apply them his wrists before knocking on the back door. He was desperate
to fulfil the role of a true slave and he had agreed to my demands.
"Would you like a coffee as well?" I heard Claire asking Darren. He was as
embarrassed as I was.
"Err...Yes please," he answered.
I had slowly moved up to the kitchen doorway and was keeping myself just out of
view of my sister. She was acting very cool considering the situation. Both
Darren and myself had red faces but when I caught my sister's face I could see
that she wasn't at all flushed.
She finished making the coffee and she put the tray down on the kitchen table.
She took a fleeting glance at me but didn't say anything.
"You'd better sit down then," she said to Darren. "I'm Claire. I'm Dave's
sister. What's your name?"
"Darren," Darren replied as he sat down on one of the kitchen chairs.
"Well hello Darren. Guess you can't drink your coffee with your hands behind
your back so I better help you."
She offered the cup of coffee to Darren's lips and he drank some coffee.
"So you're my brother's slave are you?"
"Yes!" His face went even redder. 
"I've never had a slave before. Do you like me?"
"Sure!"
"Do you fuck women as well as my brother?"
"Sure!" was the only thing he could say.
"You're talkative aren't you?" she said as she offered him another sip of
coffee. She shocked me as she turned around and looked at me and said, "You
can't fuck your slave standing there."
I joined them in the kitchen and picked up my cup of coffee. I couldn't believe
that Claire was acting so cool about the situation.
"Guess mum and dad would love to know about this!" she said to me with a smirk
on her face.
"They don't need to know do they? I mean it would only upset them wouldn't it?"
"Probably would. Guess I might be persuaded not to tell them. As I've said I've
never had a slave before. If I can have a slave tonight I think I might forget
to tell them."
I looked at Darren and I knew he wanted to please me and would be prepared to be
my sister's slave.
"Okay then, you can have Darren as your slave for the evening providing you tell
our parents. Do you promise?"
"I don't want one slave. I want two slaves! If you'll both be my slave then I'll
promise!"
"I'm not sure about that Claire."
"It's up to you." I knew she meant what she said.
"If that's what you want then I can't say no."
"Fine!" A wicked smile came over her face. "It's not fair that Darren is naked
and your not! Wait here a minute." She disappeared and went upstairs. Moments
later she returned with another pair of handcuffs. It wasn't until later that I
discovered that my sister had known for a long time about my activities when
she'd discovered the chest in the spare bedroom that was full of sex toys.
"Take these," she said as she offered me the cuffs. "I want you to do the same
as Darren. I want you to go outside and to strip off. To hide your clothes in
the shed and to put the cuffs on. When you're ready I want you to knock on the
back door."
I went out the back and did as she said. When I'd firmly cuffed my hands behind
my back I knocked on the back door. My sister answered the door as expected but
instead of her inviting me back in she beckoned Darren to join us outside. She'd
packed a little bag. 
She turned to me and said, "I think we'll have you by here." She beckoned me to
stand against the back wall of my house just in front of one of the drainpipes.
She pulled out a length of rope and tied me to the pipe. She brushed her hand
against my cock and immediately it responded. "Do you realise I've never seen
this before," she said pointing at my cock. "It's not normal for a girl to not
see her brother's penis at some stage. By the time I was old enough to notice
you, you'd already left home. It's such a nice beast as well!"
She left me there with my cock standing out proud. For the first time I was
really studying my sister's sexuality. She was a stunner. My cock twitched at
the idea of seeing my sister naked. Perhaps this evening I might but then again
I might not. I started dreaming that perhaps I would and then my thoughts went
to the idea of actually fucking my own sister. My mind was going into overload
and I could see the pre-cum hanging from the end of my dick.
She had now tied up Darren to the other drainpipe. She kneeled in front of him
and wrapped her lips around his swollen organ. My knees nearly collapsed at the
sight. I was hoping that I was going to be next. She sucked and teased Darren's
cock while squeezing his balls in hand. I could see Darren's body shudder as his
cum left the end of cock and into my sister's eager mouth. She licked his cock
clean before coming over to me.
Instead of giving me the same treatment she untied me. I was feeling a little
disappointed but then again the evening was still young! She told me to untie
Darren. "Follow me," she said.
My house backed on to a main road via a small overgrown wasteland area
immediately behind my garden. The other side of the main road was a couple of
fields and then woodland. 
We followed my sister to the bottom of the garden and she told us to climb over
the fence. She then led us through the little bit of wasteland and told us to
wait on the edge of the main road. A few cars went passed and then the road was
quiet. She told us that we had to run across the road and after double-checking
that there wasn't a car in sight we both ran across the road. Just as we got to
the other side we could hear a car speeding towards us. There was a hedge in
front of us that stood about 4 feet high and with all our efforts we rolled over
it. Claire joined us moments later. She hadn't jumped, as she had nothing to
hide. Both Darren and myself had quite a lot of cuts and grazes over our bodies
where the hedge at cut into us.
"I want you to give Darren a piggy back across the fields," Claire said to me.
She pulled out the key to my cuffs and released me. She did the same for Darren.
Darren climbed on my back. "No not like that," she said. "I want Darren's cock
inside you!"
"I don't think that's possible!" I replied.
"Just stop whinging and do as your told!" I'd never heard her be so dominant. I
felt like telling her where to go but something inside me said that I should
obey her. I bent over and let Darren push his cock into my arse. We didn't have
any grease with us so it hurt like mad. I told Darren to hold me tight around my
neck and I lifted his legs off the ground while at the same time lifting myself
into a standing position. To my surprise his cock stayed in position. I began
walking as directed by my sister. The friction of Darren's cock in my butt was
killing me and I'm sure it must have been killing Darren. We hadn't walked more
than about 50 yards when I felt the injection of warm cum being released. The
movement was obviously exciting Darren. The cum helped to lubricate out linkage
and it became easier to walk. Amazingly Darren maintained his erection and
before we finally got to the woodland, I felt two more injections of hot cum. 
"Okay you can dismount," my sister demanded. I let Darren slide down my back and
we all heard the pop as his cock left my butt. Claire replaced the cuffs so that
we both had our hands cuffed behind our backs. "Follow me," she said. We walked
behind her as she took us deeper and deeper into the woods. Neither Darren nor
myself were wearing shoes. During the walk across the fields I had managed to
cut my foot and I was finding it hard to walk. Several times Darren and my
sister had to stop and wait for me to catch up. Claire would tell me not to be a
baby and give me a couple of hard slaps across my buttocks.
I had dropped back quite a bit again and I had lost sight of Darren and Claire.
I guessed that they would be following the pathway and continued. I began to
speed up but I still couldn't see them. The pathway narrowed as it passed the
edge of the side of a crevice. As I passed the point I heard a voice shouting.
It was Darren's voice. It was coming from below where I was standing.
"Dave, is that you?" the voice said.
"Yes," I answered. "Where are you?"
"We're down here. We lost our footing and slipped down the bank."
"Are you both okay?"
"No. I'm okay but your sister is in a bad way. She bleeding badly and we need
help."
"I'm coming down," I said.
"No don't do that. It's too steep. Besides we need help to get us out of here
and get your sister to hospital. There's no way out of here that I can see so
you'll have to get some rope and a few people to pull us out."
"But I don't have the keys to the house. Claire has them." I said wondering how
I was going to get help.
"There's no way of getting them to you. Besides Claire needs urgent attention
and it's too far to go back to your house. There's a house nearby. I remember
seeing it before. If you carry on the path your on until you come to a fence and
then turn right you'll see it on your left."
"I can't go to a strangers house. I've got no clothes on or have you forgotten?"
"That's up to you," he replied. "It's your sister and if you don't get help
pretty damn soon then I can't guarantee she'll survive."
"Shit!" I thought to myself. What a position to be in. I decided that I had
little choice but to go to the house that Darren had suggested. How I was going
to explain my nakedness and the cuffs on my hands I just couldn't fathom but I
knew I had to get help. I followed the path and turned right when I reached the
fence. Darren was right there was a house there. I ducked under the fence but
caught my back on the barbed wire. It cut deep into my back. There was no time
to worry about it and continued to the back door of the house. I was unable to
use my hands to knock the door so I used my foot. The door was half glazed and I
could see someone coming. Thank God it was a man. He opened the door.
"What can I do for you, Sir," he said to me. He seemed to be ignoring my
nakedness.
"My sister and a friend need help back in the woods. My sister is badly hurt and
needs urgent medical treatment."
"You better come in then," he said as he opened the door wider so that I could
go in. "We've got a pervert here again Marge," he shouted out.
"Coming dear" I heard a reply. Within a few moments I woman walked into the
room. "He's a nice one!" she said to her husband. 
"It looks like he injured!" he said to her.
"Oh yes I see what you mean. We better see to that."
"No don't worry about me, it's my sister..." I protested but before I could
finish she interrupted me.
"Now calm down. One thing at a time. First let's see to that cut and then we'll
worry about your sister." She pulled out a first aid kit out of a drawer and
began cleaning the cut on my back. For a second I forgot about the immediacy of
my sister's condition as the woman soothed the pain on my back. It was then that
I became conscious of my nakedness and the cuffs securing my hands. The woman's
husband was sitting opposite me and I was surprised that he was staring between
my legs.
"Go and get your medical bag," she said to her husband. She turned back to me
and said, "It's okay he's a doctor and I'm a nurse. This cut on your back may be
infected and he's gong to give you a tetanus injection. Once we've sorted that
out then we'll get some help for your sister."
I began to relax. This couple knew what to do and we'd soon have everything
sorted. I thought I'd better say something about my situation.
"I should explain why I haven't got any clothes on..."
"That'll wait!" she interrupted. "You can explain everything later."
"Okay."
The husband returned with his medical bag. I watched him as he prepared the
injection. When he'd finished he stuck into my arm and injected its contents
into me. Soon as he'd finished I stood up and spoke.
"Can we go and get my sister and friend now?"
They didn't answer so I asked then again. They still didn't answer. They just
watched me. "Please help!" I shouted and with that my head began to buzz and I
could feel my legs beginning to weaken and then nothing. A total blackness came
over me. That was followed by a series of flashing zigzag lines. It seemed to go
on for ages. After a while the flashing stopped and I opened my eyes. Everything
was blurred and I couldn't focus on anything. I tried to move my arms but
couldn't. In fact I couldn't move anything. As the feeling returned to my
extremities, I realised that I was tied down. My hands were clamped above my
head and each of my legs was also clamped. Finally my eyes began to focus and I
could see that I was alone in a room. A room that was full of all sorts of
apparatus and resembled some kind of torture chamber. Then I remembered what had
happened at that my sister needed help. I tried to shout out but I couldn't as I
had a leather gag placed over my mouth.
A man walked into the room. I recognised him as the owner of the house, the one
that had given me the injection. It wasn't a tetanus injection but some kind of
anaesthetic drug. I wondered how long I'd been asleep. I knew my arse was
hurting and that I'd probably been raped.
"He's awake," he shouted.
"Be there in a moment dear" was the reply from his wife.
He looked at me and he could see the fear in my eyes. "My wife likes tall men
and your not very tall are you? I think we'll see if we can make you a little
taller. My wife also likes men with long cocks and I'm afraid you just don't cut
the mustard in that department either." He placed some kind of rubberised sheath
over the length of my cock and then inserted a metal bar into the sheath. As he
twisted the bar I could feel the sheath getting tighter and tighter around my
shaft. He continued to tighten until the diameter of my cock was about half an
inch. The bell end of my cock stuck out like a big mushroom sitting on a thin
stalk. It wasn't particularly painful but it was extremely uncomfortable. He
secured a chain to the end of the sheath and secured the other end somewhere
down by my feet. It was difficult to see exactly where as I had limited head
movement. He then double-checked that my hands and feet were secure in their
clamps before he picked up a little control box from under the table I was
laying on. He flicked a switch on the panel and I could here a whirling sound. I
immediately felt the slack being taken up as the machine pulled gently on my
arms, my feet and on my cock. The whirling sound changed to steady hum and the
pressure on my limbs increased very slowly. It was obviously a well-engineered
piece of equipment.
I realised what this guy's intentions were and that this machine was going to
stretch me to my limits. It was going to do it very slowly so as to cause
minimal damage to me. The machine kept on humming and the pressure increasing.
It wasn't long before I lost the feeling in my hands and my feet as the pressure
cut off my circulation to them. Although by now I couldn't see my cock, I knew
that the end of my cock was probably in the same condition.
After about 5 minutes or so of this stretching I was beginning to suffer a lot
of pain and discomfort. I was trying to scream out but I couldn't because of the
gag. After a couple more minutes the wife entered the room stark naked but I was
in no fit state to get excited. She asked her husband if he'd administered any
local anaesthetic and he said no. She told him he was a sadistic bastard and
that he should inject me straight away. He reluctantly got out his syringe and
injected me in each of my ankles and my wrists and within moments I felt the
pain in them subside. The pain in my cock and in my spine remained but it was
more bearable. 
"That's enough!" the wife said after about another 5 minutes or so. The husband
flicked the switch and the humming stopped. I felt as if I was about 12 feet in
length and my cock was about 2 foot long. I looked down the length of my body as
best as I could and I could see all my ribs standing out proud. He pressed
another button and the base from underneath me released and I was suspended in
the horizontal position secured by my hands, feet and cock. A few more buttons
and I was in the upright position and then turned upside down. The husband
placed some crocodile clips to my nipples while the wife inserted an electrode
into the end of my penis. The other end of the wires was plugged into some
apparatus down by my feet. A press of a button and a jolt of electricity flowed
through my body causing my whole body to jerk. He turned a knob and pressed the
button again and a bigger jolt went through me. He then flicked a switch and a
smaller charge of electricity alternated between each of my nipples and the end
of my cock. The charge was a lot smaller and I soon got accustomed to it and
after a while it became quite erotic.
That was when he took his cock out and kneeled down in front of my face. He
removed the gag from my face and told me, "Be good and do as you're told and you
won't be punished. Be naughty and you'll feel those bigger electric shocks and
believe me the one you've felt were mild!"
"What about my sister?" I said. ZAP - another severe shock blasted my body.
"I warned you!" he said.
He pushed his cock into my mouth and told me to give the best ever blowjob or
else. He was cut and I began to tease the end of his cock with my tongue. He
seemed to like it. I slowly took more and more of his cock into my mouth
building up a rhythm and he began to react. Before long he was fucking my face
and pushing his rather large cock harder and harder down my throat. The rhythm
got faster and faster and after a moment or two his hot cum was gushing down my
throat.
"Good boy!" he said. "I guess you need to have your mouth washed out!"
He waited for his cock to soften a bit. He then ordered me to open my mouth as
wide as I could. No sooner had I done as I was told when he started to piss into
my mouth. It seemed like gallons of the stuff was hitting me and I couldn't
swallow fast enough. It was running out of my mouth and up my nose and I was
choking on his piss.
Then the wife offered me her cunt and I had to lick her out until she reached an
orgasm. Like wise she too washed me out with her piss. I was then blindfolded
and forced to go through the same routine with another male and another female.
I didn't know who they were but I could tell that they were probably a lot
younger. I guessed that were probably their children.
I felt the motors start up and I felt myself coming back to a horizontal
position. Then I felt myself turn over and I guess I was facing the floor.
Another motor started up and I felt the tension on my over stretched cock
beginning to ease. After a while all the tension was gone and I felt someone
removing the sheath from my cock. It was burning with the rush of hot blood
reaching it. Yet another motor started humming and I felt a slight decrease in
pressure on my legs and almost simultaneously another motor started and it began
to spread my legs further and further apart. I thought it was never going to
stop and I thought I was going to snap like a wishbone. 
My arse was now wide open and available. I felt a piece of pipe being inserted
into it and moments later I felt the gush of hot water swilling about inside me.
Then the pipe was removed and replaced by someone's cock. I think it was the
husbands as it felt quite big and when he started to pump me I could feel his
mighty length deep inside me. He pumped me with his cum. Then I felt another
cock inside me and he too pumped me with his cum. During all this the electrodes
were still connected to my nipples and feeding me with mild shocks to alternate
nipples.
I felt the machine turn me over and it lowered me to the ground. I was beginning
to feel life coming back to my wrists and ankles and the pain was beginning to
return. I felt an injection piercing my scrotum and almost immediately I felt my
cock rise. I don't know what he injected in me but I had an almighty erection,
the biggest I'd ever felt. I felt someone cunt's being lowered over my erection.
This was no ordinary erection and it felt wonderful. Almost immediately I
ejaculated into the offered cunt. The erection did not subside. Neither did the
cunt and it continued to ride my shaft. Within a few moments I filled the cunt
again. Then I felt the younger cunt being lowered over me and I filled that one
twice as well. My balls felt like they were going to explode. I'd never been
able to ejaculate 4 times in a row in a period of about 5 minutes!
I felt a small prick in the top of my arm and I was once again sent off to
sleep.
I awoke and once again had trouble focusing. I could feel that I no longer had
any restraints on me. In fact I could work out that I was in bed and that there
was someone lying alongside me. As my sight came back to normal I turned my head
and looked at the person that was next to me. It was Claire and I was in my own
bed at home. Claire was lying naked alongside me.
"Are you okay?" I said to her.
"Of course I am," she replied.
"But aren't you injured?" then it dawned on me. "You never were hurt were you?"
"No."
"It was all a set up wasn't it?"
"Yep."
"That means it was you and Darren that joined that couple wasn't it?"
"Yep. Darren has been my sex slave for about 3 years now. Are you angry?"
"Sure am. I think. Well not really. It's all a bit of a shock." I realised that
I'd actually fucked my own baby sister. I haven't yet seen her naked but I'd
fucked her and licked out her pussy! Then again she was naked now. I had an
amazing erection. In fact I had an erection when I awoke.
"I've got something to tell you," she said as she could see me studying my
erection. "Doctor James gave you some of his experimental serum. Your erection
may last for a couple of days. I don't think you'll be able to go to work for
while."
"I guess not. It seems a pity to waste it doesn't it?"
"I'd hope you'd say that!"

WEDNESDAY

So far it's been quite a day. I awoke with a boner and it hasn't gone down yet.
I've at last seen Claire fully naked as she paraded around the bedroom first
thing. She is a cracker. I knew she had a nice pair of breasts but seeing them
in the raw was absolutely wonderful. Everything was in perfect proportion to
everything else. Before getting dressed Claire has sucked me off twice, I've
fucked her twice and I've anal fucked her once. The muscles around my cock are
sore from all the activity and having to maintain such a huge erection. I feel
so horny!
When I dressed I had great trouble with my cock. There was no way I could keep
it my underpants. So I walked around with my cock protruding from underpants and
the top of my trousers. The head of my circumcised penis is very sensitive and
if anything comes in contact it with it I immediately produce pre-cum and it
oozes out the end of it.
14 year old Jason has just arrived straight from school. I introduced him to
Claire but they knew of each other. Jason went to the same school as Claire used
to although he was a couple of grades below her. Jason seemed a little uneasy
about Claire being there.
"Do you have a problem with Claire being present?" I asked him.
"Well...sort of. I discovered a while back that my interests are with males and
not females. I suppose you could say that I'm gay!" he answered.
"You're a little young to have come to that conclusion."
"Perhaps I am but that's how I feel. Don't get me wrong mind. I don't dislike
girls and I like to see them without clothes on. It's just I have no interest in
having sex with them."
I moved forward in my chair so as to get a little closer to Jason. As I moved my
cock pushed its way out between my shirt and trousers. It was just sitting
there. Jason's eyes were drawn to it like a magnet.
"Fuck me," he said. "What the hell is that?"
"It's a long story," I replied. "I've had a dose of an experimental drug and
I've had that since last night. It just won't go down! No matter how many times
I ejaculate it just stays there." I could feel my face reddening slightly.
Jason leant forward towards me and touched the end of my cock. It made me jump.
A globule of pre-cum appeared. 
"Shit! That looks really sensitive. May I?" he said gesturing whether he could
have a closer look.
"Be my guest."
He undid my trousers and pulled them down along with my underwear. He played
with cock for a while. He liked the way I jumped every time he made contact with
the tip of it. He touched the end of my cock with his tongue. It was like an
electric shock. It had been quite a few hours since the last time that I'd
ejaculated and it appeared that the longer that time went on the more sensitive
my cock was becoming. He gently eased the end of my cock into his mouth. I
couldn't control myself and I came straight away. It made Jason choke as the cum
hit the back of his mouth. He wasn't prepared for me to cum so quickly.
"Fuck me," he said. "That's one hell of a fuck machine you have there!" He
thought for a while. He got up and walked over to Claire and whispered in her
ear. They both laughed and Claire nodded to him. "Claire and I would like to put
your mighty cock to the test. We'd like to see how many times you can cum over
the next few hours. Both Claire and I are willing to be your fuck slaves. You
may fuck any of our orifices as you wish or we'll jerk you off if you prefer.
Claire and I want your cum all over us."
"I'm up for that," I answered. "In more ways than one." We all laughed. "Why
don't you both strip off!"
They nodded in acceptance and took their clothes off. I also removed my
remaining clothes. The two of them were standing naked in front of me. Their
eyes were on my oversized cock. Meanwhile I was savouring the view that was
feasting my eyes. Two wonderfully formed specimens of young bodies were there
for my pleasure.
I had Jason lay down on his back on the floor. I raised his legs so that his
feet were over his head. I told Claire to straddle over his chest and to hold
his legs for me. I inserted a large amount of grease into the opening of Jason's
anus. I slowly inserted my cock into his freshly greased opening and with a
thrust I pushed it all the way home. I couldn't believe that a single stroke had
been enough to cause me to erupt. I filled his arse with hot cum. I continued to
pump him and with moments I filled him again.
I pulled out and kneeled in front of them. I began to jerk myself and within a
short period of time I came all over them. I was manipulating my cock as I was
coming so as to squirt as much I could over the two of them. It was dripping off
them. This turned Claire on and she leant forward and took my cock into her
mouth and I gave her a mouthful as well. I told them to change positions and I
fucked Claire's anus twice and then her cunt twice. Jason sucked me off and I
came over the two of them again.
The evening went on like this and I came a total of 33 times. I fucked the two
of them in several different positions and they were both covered in my cum! My
balls were giving hell. They were aching and swollen. Finally I was fucking my
sister in her cunt and when I exploded for 34th time I pulled out. We all
watched with ore as my cock finally decided to go limp. It shrank so much that
it almost disappeared. It looked like it was going into hibernation in the sack
of my balls. I was totally exhausted! I made my excuses and told them that I
couldn't go on and had to go to bed to rest. They agreed. I gathered up my
clothes and headed out of the room. I went to the kitchen to get a drink to take
up to bed. When I passed the living room on my way up, I could see Jason fucking
my sister. I guess he isn't as gay as he thought he was!

THURSDAY

I had to go back to work today but my mind wasn't on my work. My boss took me
into his office just before knocking off time. He was concerned that I wasn't
looking too well and that I was not fulfilling my daily workload as well as
normally did. If only he knew why! I made some excuses that I was a little off
colour. He suggested that I take some time off. We agreed that I would take a
couple of weeks off work with a combination of sick leave and holidays.
On the way home I began thinking about James whose turn it was to come over.
What was I going to do with him? From what I recall he's 11 year old and
underdeveloped but he has the sweetest cum of them all. I was sure that Claire
was going to like him.
As I put my key into my front door I sensed that we already had company. I
walked into the lounge where I found Claire and James screwing each other on the
floor. For a moment I didn't notice anybody else in the room as I watched the
two naked bodies pounding on the floor. Then I realised that there was a man
sitting on the settee and Peter sitting on the armchair. I recognised the man
but for a moment I couldn't recall where. Then I remembered he was the doctor
who drugged me earlier in the week. I nodded to him and sat down next to him.
None of us spoke, as we didn't wish to disturb the two youngsters on the floor.
For an 11-year-old James was sure putting a lot of energy into screwing my
sister. I could see the sweat running down his back as he constantly pumped his
cock in and out of my sister's cunt. Claire was grunting a lot and was obviously
oblivion to the fact that I was watching. Then with a shout, James finally shot
his load and collapsed on top of Claire.
"Hi Dave," Claire said to me peering from underneath James' body.
"Hi Claire," I answered. "I see you started without me!"
"Sorry about that. We couldn't wait. By the way Doctor James is here to have a
word with you."
"I can see that," I replied. I looked at Peter and smiled and then turned to
Doctor James and said, "Doctor James, what brings you here?"
"Call me Jeff. First of all I'd like to apologise for what we put you through
the other night. Claire said that you'd accept our little deception but I was a
little nervous taking a young girl's word for it." He said sheepishly.
"No need to worry on that score," I replied. "I must admit you had me going
though. I thought for a while that I'd stumbled across a pair of nutcases and
that I'd probably wasn't going to get out of it alive. I guess that added to the
evening in a warped and strange way!"
"I found that to be so in many cases. The fear of the unknown can be an
incredible sexual turn-on."
"Sure can. So I guess you get involved with young sex. I mean Claire tells me
that you and her go back a while and so do several of her friends."
"Yes I guess you could say I have a large sexual appetite. Obviously youngsters
are particularly interesting but I enjoy sex with people of any age and sex. I
love to experiment with drugs in order to enhance sex as you're probably aware!"
he smiled at me.
"Too true! That injection you gave me was incredible. I had no idea that the
male cock could produce so much sperm. So what can I do for you today?"
Peter intercepted the conversation and said, "I too know Jeff. I've known him
for quite a while. He runs a junior outdoor pursuits club. It's only recently
that we've got involved in sexual activities when we realise that over 70% of
the members were sexually active."
"That's right," jumped in Jeff. "We've had a few parties and special functions
for our X members as we call them. My friend Colin and I run the club. Colin
knows about the X members but feels that while he has no objections to it he
doesn't feel that he can get involved. To get to the point, the X club is going
hiking next week as it's school holidays and I need another adult to help out."
He winked at me as he said it.
"In other words you want me to help you take a group of kids on a sex romp!"
"I guess you could put it that way. If you're offended by it then let's say no
more about it."
"No, no. I'm not offended. I'm quite honoured that you've asked me. So what have
you got planned?"
Everybody began to relax. They obviously weren't sure how I would take it. They
were glad that I was keen to participate and so was I!
Jeff started, "There's quite a few people going."
"How many," I asked.
"Thirty-six. Twenty-four boys and Twelve girls."
"Fuck me!" I replied with astonishment.
"Not just now," Jeff replied laughing. "They're all between 10 and 16 years old.
I've spoken to them all and confirmed that they're willing to comply with all
activities. They all know what's expected of them. I have a file here." Jeff
handed me a folder. "In there is list of all the kids. There's also a personal
file on each one, which shows what their limitations are, if any. It also
highlights their sexual fantasies. You'll also notice that each one has signed
that they are happy to take part and are under no duress to participate. I know
that doesn't mean anything legally but I personally feel happier that each kid
wants to take part and enjoy it."
"I have to agree with you there. If a kid wants to take part then he or she
should be allowed to." I said.
"I know my uncle's feelings on that score," said Peter.
Jeff continued, "Good. We're leaving this Sunday at 10am and driving up to the
Brazier Pass. We've borrowed a couple of mini buses as well as our own. If you
can drive one, I'll drive another and Colin has agreed to drive the other one
but will only drop off the kids and then return home. Each kid has been given a
list of items to bring with them and each will have their own haversacks. We've
chosen Brazier Pass, as it's one of the least populated areas I know of and once
we've moved a couple of miles into the Pass we're almost guaranteed total
privacy."
Claire, Peter and James joined in the conversation. We generally outlined what
was going to happen starting from this coming Sunday through to the following
Sunday. It was amazing that I'd been given time off work and that I was free to
take part in the most exciting week of pure sex! Jeff was going to give each of
the girls a new Pill that would prevent any chance of pregnancy. All the kids
are going to meet tomorrow evening when Jeff is going to give each a thorough
physical and to check if any of them are likely to be carrying any sexually
transmittable diseases. Unfortunately this meant that my evening with
13-year-old Chris would have to be postponed. Likewise, the proposed meeting on
Saturday was also cancelled. Not to worry though I had a lot of shopping to do
getting a rucksack, boots, etc., ready for the weekend. Claire was going home in
the morning to pack and I was picking her up from my parents on Sunday morning.
We watched again as James got active again with Claire. When he'd finished,
Peter stripped off and gave us a show as he also fucked her. Jeff and I simply
watched and didn't take part. We were saving ourselves for next week!

To be continued...



--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....

