Copyright (c) 1997  The Story Teller.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


The Young Muggers 
by The Story Teller

Peter is my young nephew of just 13 years of age and I am his favourite Uncle,
which was no surprise as I am his only Uncle. Since he was five-year-old, I had
looked after him every Saturday while my Sister and brother-in-law went away
buying for their shop. They would drop him off early in the morning and pick him
up early on Sunday as they often didn't return until late on Saturday night. So
Peter would sleep over at my house for the night.

Peter is one of those boys that you just can't stop looking at and admiring.
When I take him out to the beach or whatever, you can't but help notice the
sideways looks he gets from everybody. He has beautiful blonde hair and a
wonderful body tan. Whenever the sun is out he would be stripped to his trunks
and soaking up the sun's rays. That's assuming we were out in public but if we
were out in the back garden, he would strip off everything. We never told his
parents about it because they had rather strange ideas about nudity and so it
was our little secret. I often wondered if they were been curious how Peter's
body was always well tanned all over with no bikini line whatsoever. 

Sometimes, when it was really hot, I would strip off as well. I often would
study him when he was naked and wonder at his young beauty. Since he was ten,
his body has developed into a young manliness with well-developed chest and a
good tuft of pubic hair around his penis. He is wonderfully slim and has a
lovely rounded pair of bum cheeks. It wouldn't be long before I would feel my
own cock stirring after watching him and I would have to make some excuse for
going back into the house and relieving myself. I'm sure he guessed what I was
doing but we never talked about it. In fact, until quite recently and because he
was my nephew, we never discussed anything sexual and apart from a little body
contact during play we never made any form of sexual contact.

Last Saturday, for the very first time, Peter approached the subject of sex. It
was a gorgeous day and we were sat out in the garden and both stark naked.
Unusually to normal, Peter seemed to be always sitting or standing more openly
in front of me. It was as if he was trying to get me aroused. I was lying on my
back on the sun lounger when he pulled up his chair close alongside me so that
it was facing towards me. He sat on the chair with his legs spread wide apart
and his arms resting on the arms of the chair. It was obvious that he wanted me
to see as much as his nakedness as possible. I tried not to look but my eyes
were drawn to him like a magnet. "Do you like me?" he said. 
"Of course I do," I replied. 
"No I mean do you really like me?" he said as he placed one of his hands
tantalisingly close to his penis. 
"I think you're a fine young man," I said embarrassingly. 
This was a boy I had always wanted but knew I couldn't have but here he was
trying to lure me. "But wouldn't you like to have me," he said in a very
tempting manner, "Wouldn't you like to touch me?" 
I immediately felt my cock responding to his words and it began to rise. Peter
noticed and stared at it. "I'd be lying to say anything else and I would love to
physically enjoy your company but it's just not possible Peter. I am your Uncle
and you are my nephew and it's not possible for us to get involved," I replied. 
"So you would like to but you can't," said Peter and continued, "I suppose your
going to go and have a wank know?" 
I felt quite uncomfortable at this last remark as he'd had obviously known for
quite a while what I was doing. Unfortunately, he was right and I jumped up and
went indoors and relieved myself.

The next day, my sister picked up Peter as usual and I was once again alone. For
once I was glad to see Peter go and I could now get some time to myself to come
to terms with what had been said. I couldn't get him out of my head. Later that
afternoon I went for my usual walk. Something I did most Sunday afternoons. I
enjoyed the solitude and I found it very relaxing. This Sunday, I had more than
usual to think about!

As I walked over the dale and down past the stream, close to the woodlands, I
noticed that I wasn't alone. Although I couldn't see anybody, I could hear
people moving about and I began to walk a bit more briskly. Just when I thought
I was out of danger someone jumped out in front of me brandishing a knife. He
was wearing a mask but I would guess he was about 15 or 16 years old and quite
well built. I froze for a moment and then turned around and tried to make a run
for it. I soon realised that he wasn't alone and that there was another 4
younger kids behind me, all brandishing knives and wearing masks. I knew it was
pointless trying to escape and once again froze.

The oldest boy shouted, "Hand over your money or we'll kill you!" One never
thinks one would get caught and at first I thought perhaps this was a wind up
but after looking around I realised that they were serious. I put my hands in my
pockets and handed over the little change I had in my pocket. "Is that all you
have?" demanded the oldest boy. 
"Sorry but yes that's all I have on me," I replied. 
"Well give us your watch," he demanded. 
I took my watch off and handed it to him. With that I could hear a couple of
other kids approaching with another youngster. One of the kids had the youngster
in an armhold and he shouted, "I got another one here!" 
As they approached us, the older boy shouted back, "Did he have any money?"
"None at all," they replied. As they finally joined us the boy pushed the
youngster towards me and it was then I realised that the youngster was my nephew
Peter.
"What we going to do now," said one of the younger kids. 
"I don't know," said the oldest one, "any ideas?" 
A dark skinned lad spoke up, "Well I reckon that the kid is about my size and I
could do with a nice new jacket like he's wearing. In fact all his clothes look
better than mine!" 
The older boy thought for a while and then said to Peter, "Hey kid, what's your
name?"
"Peter"
"Well, Peter, you heard what my friend said. He'd like to have your clothes, so
I guess you better start stripping off and giving them to him!" said the older
boy.
The weather had turned and a cold wind had blown up. "But it's freezing," said
Peter.
"Just do as your told," the oldest boy replied, "If you value your life, that
is." I looked at Peter and beckoned him to do has he was told. As Peter took off
his jacket and handed it over to the dark haired boy, the older boy said, "Hang
on a minute." He turned to me and said "What's your name?"
"Dave," I replied.
"Okay Dave. I think you should undress Peter." I couldn't believe what was being
asked of me. At long last I could get to undress my nephew. I lifted his arms
and pulled of his jumper off over his head. I then I unbuttoned his shirt and
let it drop to the floor. For a moment I forget the situation we were in and I
run my hand over his shoulders and down over his chest. "Wow! We got a right one
here," said the oldest boy. " I think Dave's enjoying this! Come on Dave get
stuck in. I want you to undress Peter as if you really want him!" The boys all
sat around us ready for the show. Here we were in the middle of nowhere and I
was being forced to do something I have dreamt about for years. I began to kiss
Peter's chest. I slowly sucked on his nipples that were now standing proud. I
moved down to his stomach and curled my tongue into his deep belly button,
something I'd always wanted to do as it looked so appealing. I run my fingers
around the rim of his trousers and with a sharp tug released his trousers from
around his waist and let them slip to the ground. "Keep going and take his
underpants off!" I hadn't intended to stop and I slipped my hand down the back
off his underpants and fondled his beautiful round cheeks. I placed my face
close to his groin and could see his organ standing erect in his pants and a
small patch of pre-cum staining the front of them. I slowly tugged at his pants
until his organ popped out from under them. Here I was only inches from his
wonderfully formed circumcised cock. "Suck it you Nancy!" Oh yes please, I
thought to myself. I slipped my lips over the end of his penis and let it slip
deep inside my mouth. I was surprised how long his penis was and before I knew
it was banging against the back of my throat. The taste of his pre-cum was like
nectar and I couldn't wait to take his full load.

It wasn't long before Peter's body began to spasm and I knew I was soon to taste
his nectar. The times I had dreamt of tasting it and now at long last I was
about to. Once again Peter's body spasmed and jerked and I felt his first spurt
of cum hit my throat and then the second and the third. I found it difficult to
swallow quickly enough as wave after wave of his nectar left the end of his
cock. For a boy of just 13 he certainly had a lot to give and his cum was thick
and creamy. Peter had given everything and he collapsed to his knees in complete
exhaustion. 

"Very good!" said the oldest boy. "You obviously enjoyed that too much." He
began to converse with the other boys and I could hear them snigger at what he
was saying. "Okay," he said turning back to me, "as you enjoy it so much then
you're going to do all of us! Just like you done Peter, starting with me!"
The boys circled around me, making it obvious that although the oldest boy had
given his knife to one of the other boys, there was no escaping. The oldest boy
stood in front of me and said, "Come on then start stripping me and do it like
you did it to Peter." I did what I was told and slowly removed his clothes and
started to work on his cock. This boy was obviously a lot older as I had first
imagined and his body was that of young man with a fair amount of hair covering
is older but still young body. His cock was surrounded by masses of pubic hair
and it was thick and black. I would judge that his rod was some 7 or 8 inches in
length as I found that when I took into my mouth, I couldn't reach the base of
his shaft without gagging myself. I could see that this boy was more experienced
than Peter was and he was moving his body in unison with my sucking motions. It
wasn't long before I felt his load release itself inside my mouth. It wasn't as
sweet as Peter's and I had trouble swallowing it, even though it was no more in
quantity than what Peter had given me.

Once I had finished, the boy gathered his clothes together and redressed. The
next boy stood in front of me and I started again. Then the next boy and so on.
Although each of them was wearing a mask, when I got to see their naked bodies,
I worked out that they would taking it turns according to their age. Starting
from the oldest down to the youngest. When I got to the sixth and final boy and
undressed him, I could see that he wasn't any older than about 8 years old. He
had no pubic hair whatsoever and his cock was no more than a couple of inches in
length and his balls were still taught. I sucked and sucked his cock and several
times I had his balls as well in my mouth. Although I could only see the boy's
eyes, I could see that he was desperate to cum like his pals had but he just
wasn't capable of it. I finally gave up and apologised to the boy.

The oldest boy turned to me and said, "I told you that you had to do the same to
all of us and you have failed. For that you're going to be punished!" He
beckoned me to follow him and we all headed into the woodland. Once we were deep
inside the woodland, he turned to me and said, "Okay, this will do. Take your
upper clothes off!" I did as I was told and stripped from the waist up. I had
noticed earlier that one of the boys was carrying a large holdall and the oldest
boy was now rummaging inside it. He produced some heavy rope and told me to
stand facing a large nearby tree trunk. He tied my hands together so that I was
wrapped around the tree trunk with my naked back exposed to the boy's mercy. The
oldest boy handed a large branch off a tree to the youngest boy that I had
failed to satisfy and told him to punish me as hard as he could. The young boy
started to whip my back with the branch. Although he was only small, he had a
tremendous strength and each swipe of the branch on my back caused me to jump
with pain. It wasn't long before I could feel small trickles of blood running
down by back. The swipes kept coming, one after another and the pain became
unbearable and I slumped down, held up only by the rope around my wrists. One of
the boys untied me and I fell to the ground. The oldest boy turned to Peter and
said, "I want you to clean up Dave. He's taken his punishment and I'm sure he'll
do exactly as he's told from now on. By the way I want you to clean up his back
using only your tongue!" Peter began to lick the blood off my back and
shoulders. It felt good. I could feel his naked body on top of mine and didn't
take long before I recovered from my ordeal.

Once again the group of boys huddled together and talked and giggled. I knew
they were deciding what else they were going to do to us. Although I was fearful
at what they may suggest, I found that my cock was throbbing with excitement. It
wasn't long before they had agreed what was going to happen next and within
minutes they had me tied over an old fallen tree trunk, stark naked with my bum
standing out proud. The oldest boy once again started and pulled his pants down
and within seconds his shaft was deep inside my anus. He rose up and down so
that his shaft was almost out of my anus and then he would push with all his
might so that his balls were pressing hard against by bum cheeks. He'd obviously
done this before and the other boys were watching in fascination and keen for it
to be their turn. After each boy had cum inside me, Peter had to clean him them
up using his tongue. When the youngest boy tried he failed to reach an orgasm as
before but pretended to enjoy it and no one commented that his cock was still
clean. Peter was then told to do what the others had done and so he mounted me
and I felt his beautiful cock deep inside me. He pumped and pumped and I could
feel his body shuddering as he came close to releasing his load in me. Before he
could release his load, I felt some of the boys tying a rope around Peter and
myself and within moments Peter was tied tight to my back, with his cock still
deep inside me. The ropes were so tight that Peter was unable to pull his cock
out. They released me from the tree trunk and I was ordered to stand up. They
tied Peter harder to my back so that neither of us could breathe properly and we
had to take it in turns to take a breath.

The group of boys forced me to walk with Peter attached to me for about two
miles, deeper into the woodland. Every step I took I could feel Peter's cock
getting gripped between my cheeks. Twice, I felt Peter's cum release itself
inside me. Each time Peter would start breathing faster which would make it hard
for me to breath. I could also hear his cum squelching inside me and some of it
was running down my legs. My body was covered in small cuts as the bushes and
branches cut into me as we passed them. One of the boys in front of me was
purposely holding back the foliage and then releasing it as I was passing them.
When we finally were ordered to stop alongside a stream, they untied Peter from
my back. I was ordered to follow three of the boys and was led to the stream and
was told to going and wash myself down. The water was icy cold but I did as I
was told and washed my body in the cold water.

When we rejoined the rest of the group, I could see that Peter had been staked
to the ground on his front and in a spread-eagled position. The sun was starting
to set and the sky was turning a subtle shade of orange. The light falling on
Peter's body complimented his already beautiful tan and he looked so inviting.
The older boy turned to me and said, "Okay, you've been good and you obviously
want him, so go ahead and enjoy it." He was right of course! I knelt between his
legs and stretched over his waiting body and stroked his shoulders and back. I
could feel his young tender skin under my fingers. I wanted this boy so much but
because he was my nephew, I had always held myself back but now I was being
ordered to take him. My organ was fully erect and dangling waitingly between my
legs. I caressed his buttocks and let my fingers run into the opening of his
anus. I guessed that Peter had never received anal before and I wanted to loosen
him up a little. I obviously loved this young man and I didn't want to hurt him
more than I had to. I was astonished how easily his anus took my fingers and
before long I had all four fingers deep inside him. He writhed as much as he
could under the restraints that held him down. My cock was already glistening
with pre-cum and so 1 wiped it onto my fingers and rubbed it into his opening
for lubrication. I then rubbed my cock up and down his opening spreading as much
of the pre-cum as I could before finally pressing the head of my cock into him.
He started to groan but I knew that I had to go through with it. I pushed harder
and with a mighty slurping sound my cock went deeper into him. He groaned even
louder. I decided it would be best to get the initial pain over and done with
for Peter and pushed with all my might and my rod finally pushed all the way in
and my balls were tight up against Peter's cheeks. Peter gave out an almighty
shriek which slowly faded to groans of pleasure as I gently pumped my nephew's
anus. The pumping got faster and faster and remembering that through all this
ordeal, I so far hadn't had an orgasm, I was soon pumping my load into him. Wave
after wave of my hot cum was releasing inside him. No longer was Peter shouting
in pain but in shear ecstasy. I finally collapsed on top of him with complete
exhaustion.

It was now virtually dark and it was obvious that the boys had to go home. The
older boy turned to Peter and myself and said, "Okay, we've finished with you
now. We've got to go home and we got to make sure that you don't follow us. What
we're going to do is tie you both up and then leg it. By the way we know you're
related, so don't get any ideas about going to the police as we'll claim that
you mugged us David and I'm sure Peter's mother would love to hear that you
raped her son."

They tied me to a tree with my back against the tree. I was still stark naked
and so was Peter. The oldest boy picked up Peter by his feet and tied his legs
around the tree so that Peter was dangling upside down facing me. Using more
rope they tied Peter so that his cock was pressing against my face and was told
to open my mouth and let his cock into my mouth. They then tied Peter's head so
that he had to take my cock into his mouth. Try to imaging the picture, this was
a vertical '69' position and the ropes were so tight that we couldn't release
each other's cocks from each other's mouth. They left us and I could see them
disappearing through the woods with the little vision I had between the legs of
Peter. Regardless of everything that had happened and the concern of how we were
going to get out of the situation we were in, I just could help myself. The
taste of Peter's organ in my mouth once again was wonderful and I was soon
sucking hard on his organ. Peter, being in an inverted position, wasn't
reciprocating but I continued to play and tease his organ. It took along time
before Peter finally gave up the fight and he released another full load of his
cum inside my mouth. At the same moment I reached an orgasm myself and shot a
load of my own cum into Peter's mouth. He began to choke as he couldn't swallow
my cum because he was upside down. He began to cry and was quite distressed as
he tried to breath. He tried to spit out some of the cum but into ran up his
nose and made him choke even more. I realised what I'd done but I was helpless
to do anything. What was I going to tell his mother, I killed him with my cum,
the cum that he didn't have to take!

With that I was aware that we weren't alone. The oldest mugger reappeared from
the bushes and began to untie Peter. "I'm sorry that wasn't part of the plan,"
the mugger said and disappeared. He left me tied to the tree but had completely
untied Peter and left him on the ground trying to regain his breath. He had also
thrown our clothes in a bundle on the ground. Something else that he'd done was
that he hadn't worn the mask that he'd been wearing all afternoon. I had
recognised him as one of Peter's friends. Peter finally got his breath back and
without untying me he said, "I'm sorry for this afternoon." Before I could
answer he placed his wonderfully formed lips against mine and gave a lovely deep
kiss. He ran his mouth down my chest and settled on one of my nipples and sucked
it. "I do love you Uncle Dave," he said.
"I love you too Peter," I replied. It had finally dawned on me that Peter and
his friends had staged the whole afternoon. I had been taken in by the whole
thing and what a wonderful time I'd had.
"Are you going for walk next Sunday, Uncle Dave?"
"Too right I am" I replied.


To be continued.


--

