                                      1890
                              THE FOURTH MOVEMENT
                                 by Oscar Wilde
                    IMPRESSION

                   Le Reveillon

        The sky is laced with fitful red,
          The circling mists and shadows flee,
          The dawn is rising from the sea,
        Like a white lady from her bed.

        And jagged brazen arrows fall
          Athwart the feathers of the night,
          And a long wave of yellow light
        Breaks silently on tower and hall,

        And spreading wide across the wold
          Wakes into flight some fluttering bird,
          And all the chestnut tops are stirred,
        And all the branches streaked with gold.
                        AT VERONA

        How steep the stairs within Kings' houses are
          For exile-wearied feet as mine to tread,
          And O how salt and bitter is the bread
        Which falls from this Hound's table,- better far
        That I had died in the red ways of war,
          Or that the gate of Florence bare my head,
          Than to live thus, by all things comraded
        Which seek the essence of my soul to mar.

        "Curse God and die: what better hope than this?
          He hath forgotten thee in all the bliss
          Of his gold city, and eternal day"-
        Nay peace: behind my prison's blinded bars
          I do possess what none can take away,
        My love, and all the glory of the stars.
                        APOLOGIA

        Is it thy will that I should wax and wane,
          Barter my cloth of gold for hodden gray,
        And at thy pleasure weave that web of pain
          Whose brightest threads are each a wasted day?

        Is it thy will- Love that I love so well-
          That my Soul's House should be a tortured spot
        Wherein, like evil paramours, must dwell
          The quenchless flame, the worm that dieth not?

        Nay, if it be thy will I shall endure,
          And sell ambition at the common mart,
        And let dull failure be my vestiture,
          And sorrow dig its grave within my heart.

        Perchance it may be better so- at least
          I have not made my heart a heart of stone,
        Nor starved my boyhood of its goodly feast,
          Nor walked where Beauty is a thing unknown.

        Many a man hath done so; sought to fence
          In straitened bonds the soul that should be free,
        Trodden the dusty road of common sense,
          While all the forest sang of liberty,

        Not marking how the spotted hawk in flight
          Passed on wide pinion through the lofty air,
        To where the steep untrodden mountain height
          Caught the last tresses of the Sun God's hair.

        Or how the little flower he trod upon,
          The daisy, that white-feathered shield of gold,
        Followed with wistful eyes the wandering sun
          Content if once its leaves were aureoled.

        But surely it is something to have been
          The best beloved for a little while,
        To have walked hand in hand with Love, and seen
          His purple wings flit once across thy smile.

        Ay! though the gorged asp of passion feed
          On my boy's heart, yet have I burst the bars,
        Stood face to face with Beauty, known indeed
          The Love which moves the Sun and all the stars!
                     QUIA MULTUM AMAVI

        Dear heart I think the young impassioned priest
          When first he takes from out the hidden shrine
        His God imprisoned in the Eucharist,
          And eats the Bread, and drinks the Dreadful Wine,

        Feels not such awful wonder as I felt
          When first my smitten eyes beat full on thee,
        And all night long before thy feet I knelt
          Till thou wert wearied of Idolatry.

        Ah! had'st thou liked me less and loved me more,
          Through all those summer days of joy and rain,
        I had not now been sorrow's heritor,
          Or stood a lackey in the House of Pain.

        Yet, though remorse, youth's white-faced seneschal
          Tread on my heels with all his retinue,
        I am most glad I loved thee- think of all
          The sums that go to make one speedwell blue!
                    SILENTIUM AMORIS

        As oftentimes the too resplendent sun
          Hurries the pallid and reluctant moon
        Back to her sombre cave, ere she hath won
          A single ballad from the nightingale,
          So doth thy Beauty make my lips to fail,
        And all my sweetest singing out of tune.

        And as at dawn across the level mead
          On wings impetuous some wind will come,
        And with its too harsh kisses break the reed
          Which was its only instrument of song,
          So my too stormy passions work me wrong,
        And for excess of Love my Love is dumb.

        But surely unto thee mine eyes did show
          Why I am silent, and my lute unstrung;
        Else it were better we should part, and go,
          Thou to some lips of sweeter melody,
          And I to nurse the barren memory
        Of unkissed kisses, and songs never sung.
                      HER VOICE

        The wild bee reels from bough to bough
          With his furry coat and his gauzy wing.
        Now in a lily-cup, and now
          Setting a jacinth bell a-swing,
          In his wandering;
        Sit closer love: it was here I trow
        I made that vow,

        Swore that two lives should be like one
        As long as the sea-gull loved the sea,
        As long as the sunflower sought the sun-
          It shall be, I said, for eternity
          'Twixt you and me!
        Dear friend, those times are over and done,
        Love's web is spun.

        Look upward where the poplar trees
          Sway and sway in the summer air,
        Here in the valley never a breeze
          Scatters the thistledowns, but there
          Great winds blow fair
        From the mighty murmuring mystical seas,
        And the wave-lashed leas.

        Look upward where the white gull screams
          What does it see that we do not see?
        Is that a star? or the lamp that gleams
          On some outward voyaging argosy,-
          Ah! can it be
        We have lived our lives in land of dreams!
        How sad it seems.

        Sweet, there is nothing left to say
          But this, that love is never lost.
        Keen winter stabs the breasts of May
          Whose crimson roses burst his frost,
          Ships tempest-tossed
        Will find a harbour in some bay,
        And so we may.

        And there is nothing left to do
          But to kiss once again, and part,
        Nay, there is nothing we should rue,
          I have my beauty,- you your Art.
          Nay, do not start,
        One world was not enough for two
        Like me and you.
                       MY VOICE

        Within this restless, hurried, modern world
          We took our heart's full pleasure- You and I,
        And now the white sails of our ship are furled,
          And spent the lading of our argosy.

        Wherefore my cheeks before their time are wan,
          For very weeping is my gladness fled
        Sorrow hath paled my lip's vermilion,
          And Ruin draws the curtains of my bed.

        But all this crowded life has been to thee
          No more than lyre, or lute, or subtle spell
        Of viols, or the music of the sea
          That sleeps, a mimic echo, in the shell.
                      TAEDIUM VITAE

        To stab my youth with desperate knife, to wear
          This paltry age's gaudy livery,
          To let each base hand filch my treasury,
        To mesh my soul within a woman's hair,
        And be mere Fortune's lackeyed groom,- I swear,
          I love it not! these things are less to me
          Than the thin foam that frets upon the sea,
        Less than the thistle-down of summer air
          Which hath no seed: better to stand aloof
        Far from these slanderous fools who mock my life
          Knowing me not, better the lowliest roof
        Fit for the meanest hind to sojourn in,
        Than to go back to that hoarse cave of strife
        Where my white soul first kissed the mouth of sin.

                          THE END
.
