        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [A short story, based on ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Of Mice and Men. Poor   ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [grammer, but creative.  ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:3991  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Writing Assignment #5 [ I Was With ______ When ...... ]
                        
                        Chapter I

    I was with george in a small town that afternoon. We were playing
horseshoes and we were betting on them horseshoes. As George leaned over
the bench shot a glanceat me and said "Watch 'ya plannin' on doin'
afterwards..." i told him i was going to hike over to the bunk house and
have a short nap. I looked back at the playing area. I slammed down 5 bucks
on the wooden betting table over player 1. I heard George yell and scream.
2 seconds later the player i bet on won and i won double. Content with my
winnings i screamed over to George to tell him i was going back to the bunk
house. George told me to wait up. We left the barn and ran over to see
where lennie was. We both stopped straight in our tracks we saw something
that almost made us faint.

                Chapter II

    In front of us stood lennie, he was standing over the slouched curley's
wife and was mumbling "I've done another bad thing..." We asked lennie what
the heck he did. He just stood there looking at us like we were some alien
from a diffrent planet. He just started screaming and ran off in the
distance. I told george we had better tell the gang this. We gonna get our
hides whipped when curley finds out about this. A few minutes later when
curley and the gang came over and saw this he said to george "You fat
Son-of-a-*****" you killed my wife. I'm going to beat the living daylights
outta you. George sensing curley's fustration moved back a few feet. George
stammered " I didn't kill your wife it must've been lennie, The crazy idiot
must've did it. he ran off when we ran to him ", " i don't believe you, you
lying scoundrel's ll' pay for this'". I shook my hand at George to tell him
to run. We suddenly dashed off into the distance. I heard curley yelling at
us but we couldn't hear him in out fear of getting killed.

              Chapter III

    When we thought we lost curley a few shotgun blast hit the side of a
tree as we dashed past it. We were both frightened as hell, but we kept on
running for our lives. Another 2 shots rang out. As we were running we
spotted a cave on the left hand side of the country road and dove in it.

              Chapter IV

    Inside the cave was a thin piece of some type of glass. It was glowing
a deep red and looked like it was hollow. i put my hand in and it looked
like it just dissapeared in the glass. I withdrew my hand in fright. I
asked george what it was, he replied with a shrug of his shoulders. We then
heard shotgun blasts again from the outside but this time it was much
closer than the other blast. George said " We better dive in that whatever
it is or we'll get ourselves shot ". With that he dived in the blank void.
I jumped in after him. I saw a huge amount of swirling colours around me
and then it disappeared. I looked at my surroundings. I saw huge metal
boxes in the distance and desert sand all around me. the sun was in the
early east which meant it must be sometime in the morning. I felt a tap on
my shoulder. I whirled around and put my hand around the person's neck. "
Ack. It's me man. George i not no alien." I released my hold. He went on "
Whatever in that place may be ". I started to talk when George interuppted
me. " Let's go and check them place out ". He started to walk, i followed
along. A few hours laters. The metal boxes we had seen earlier were not as
small as before they had rised way over our heads and were huge. We saw
people like ourselves all around the streets walking. Funny thing though
they were wearing funny clothing that seemed to stick to their skins. We
also saw sliding pieces of glasses in the openings of the boxes. We
approached a man standing on the street block carry a funny round object.
We approached him. I asked him " Were's here? ". He replied in a strange
language whichwe couldn't understand. He took out a small black box and
pressed a few buttons. he spoke "Je parle fran...", He looked a bit
agitated and pressed another button "Cing mun nay may..", Clickhe pressed
another button. Finally he spoke again "Yes, Sorry about that it's was my
voice modulation device, what did you want". I said " Where are we,No
actually what time is it ". He replied " Your are in VarysBrook, the time
is 4:30eta, 3046 ", "What is 3046? ", " The year 3046, hey what's with the
funky cowboy clothing ". Confused with the previous reply we went on. Not
too soon, two guards came up to us and said " You are not citizens of
VarysBrook, or of this time period please come with us ". Thinking finally
there was some people who could help us was wrong. They locked us in the
back of a small wagon-like moving object, And suddenly the two people gave
us needle shots. I conked out right after.

                  Chapter V

    I woke up in the middle of a cell room. Probably not bigger than crooks
room back at the ranch. Another one of those people came by and hit a few
buttons and the the bars that confined me dissapeared. He lead me out of
the cage and the bars reappeared. I asked him how did he do that. He threw
a grunt at me. I remained silent for the rest of the walk. We approached
another place with a sliding piece of metal on the wall. It opened when he
approached it. He dragged me in. He told me to sit down. I did just that.
There was a big table with a rotating chair with it's back facing me. I
asked who sits in that seat. The seat rotated and faced me and the person i
saw sitting in it frightened me.

               Chapter VI

    The man who was sitting in the seat was lennie. I couldn't reckognize
him at first but after i saw his scar on his right arm and then i
reckognized immediatly. He started to talk, " Ah.. I knew you'd come. You
must be wondering how you got here.. Or maybe how i got here, I can tell
you this much. 1 minute back at the ranch during your period means 1 year
over here. I've been here for 7 years believe or not. I'm no longer the
crazy idiot who keeps on petting rabbits all day long.... That dosen't
matter now. You must work for me now. You will be one of my many servants
that will serve me. Hhahaha. ". Seizing the opportunity i pulled the
good-luck rock i've been keeping for over 2 years straight at lennies head.
I hit right between his eyes and it dazed him. Just enough for me to jump
at the man behind me and tackle him down. I grabbed his strange looking
machine that he had dropped and ran out of the room. I was searching high
and low for George's cage until i heard a slight buzzing noise behind me. A
thin shaft of blue light hit my left leg and i screamed out loud. i dropped
to the floor and another shot hit my left arm and another hit my left eye,
All went blank.

                 Chapter VII

    I woke up in a small room totally unlike the other rooms i were in
before i was hit by thoe shots. As i opened my left eye, i saw something
that frightened me. My left eye had a red cross hair on it and indicators
on both sides of my eye. By thinking of commands i could manipulate my eye
to do close up and xray functions. A man came up to me. You were very
lucky. George got you here in time or you would've died. I must tell you a
few things. We barely managed to revive your eye. and your left arm and
leg. We have implanted robotic parts in you left arm and leg and
implemented a new FastBrain computer chip controller in the left and right
hemispheres of your brain. Your movement ability is 1005Ls and power is
increased to 150 tons. I've already programmed all the needed knowledge
available today.". I felt funny though it was like i new every single word
on the planet and every single language. George came by and said "You were
bleeding like hell, so man.. i rushed you over to some huge metal building
and this man said this was a hospital so feeling relieved i said make him
better quick looks like he dying." The man goes i need 5 million dollars
for the operation, I said i had no money and they said well we won't heal
him. I thought quickly and said he'll die. The doctor said many people get
killed every day or sent to his death by lennie. I was going to ask who was
lennie. But he left. Luckily though this doctor that saved you said he
designed a new type of Umm... " Robotic Equipment " said the doctor filling
in for George. "Yah.. That it's, well anyways he said it in some type of
beta testing and he needed a tester. He said it'll be free. At that in such
a panic i would've said yes to anything. " George continued " I forgot to
tell you how i got out, well you see when that man took me along this
hallway, so i got pissed off and strangled him to death i ran along the
hallway trying to find an exit when i see you slumped on the ground
bleeding like anything, so i picked you up and brought you here.". I got up
and went up to a mirror to look at myself. The Doctor commented " You won't
see any metal parts in your body it's all concealed. The Metal is a new
organic mixed alloy so it'll grow with you. Suddenly two men crashed
through the door and started to shoot at us.

                Chapter VIII

    I dove to the ground and pulled George along. The doctor was not so
fortunate, he was shot in the head and died right there. I yelled . I
jumped at the man standing closest to the door and punched him with my left
hand, he went flying through the door. I picked up his gun from the floor
and slid under a couch. Using the mirror on the far wall i aimed my gun
towards it's. My computer-aided reflexing caused me to shoot a perfect shot
which rebounded off the mirror and hit the man. I yelled to George " Let's
get out of here! ". He got up and started to run i followed him out the
door. We ran out of the hospital and ran to a nearby bar and dashed in
knowing that if anybody followed us we'd be able to hide in the crowd. We
took a seat at the far back. I spoke to George " It must've been lennie! I
really want to kill that idiot ". A waitress that was serving the other
table came over and pulled out a pen. She said " What would you like to
order? ". At the same time we both said " A bowl of beef stew. ". She
responded by telling us they didn't have such a thing. She said " Maybe i
can help. We have the Burger and fries special and the square-pizza combo
or maybe you want to have our vitamin-strength pills or power capsules. ".
I said we'll have the second one. George interrupted me " We don't got
cash! ", I took out a magnetic card and waved it at George. " All the cash
we need is right here! Doc gave it to me.. ". George said " That our cash?
". Before answering George's question i told the waitress she could process
our order. As she left i said to George " This card carried 4 trillion
bucks.. We could buy a lot of stuff with it ". George shrank back into his
chair. As the waitress came back with our food. I gave her the card and she
ran it through a machine she was carrying and then said " Thank You.. ",
Then she left. When George started to eat he said " Good and fast service.
". After we ate we left the bar and looked around. George pulled me into an
alleyway. Just as two of those men passed by on the other side of the road.
" Another Closey... " said George. A middle aged man approached us and said
are you the man who broke out of jail this morning. Without thinking about
the consequences about saying yes to the question i nodded. The man said
come into our hideot quick. He lead us underground into a building and
started to walk in the hallway. We went down the hallway further and went
into another room. Inside were an arsenal of weaponry with a group of
people sitting on metal chairs. " Hey!, What are you doing here! " said one
of the individuals. " It's okay, it's the man being hunted by the RoP "
said the man as he appeared from behind us. " Oh it's you. Okay come in ".
When we finally got to sit down. The man introduced himself as " My name is
Varhch Jop, I'm the leader of the underground against Lennie group. ". " We
are going to have launch a full scale attack against lennie's forces. He's
been treating us like dust for the last few years and making us work like
horses. We are going to overthrow him tonight. ". " But you are only a
group of 4.." i replied. " Maybe we only have 4 people in a group but we'll
do it somehow ". For the rest of the evening we talked about how we are
going to attack and destroy the base and talked about details. After the
last few details were covered we began to leave. A girl about the same age
as me and George came up to the leader and whispered something into his
ear. The leader laughed out loud and replied " Don't worry, we'll make it
back safely. ". The girl gave a warning glance to the leader. Ignoring her
he said " Let's go now and let us have freedom once again. God bless us
all. ". We left and the girl hastily retreated to her room.

                  Chapter IX

    When we finally trekked to the side of the base. We threw grappling
hooks over the edge and scaled the fence. George having some difficulties
scaling the rope tried to climb the fence with his bare hands. George
jumped off and yelled to me on the other side " The fence is electrified
and i can't climb the fence with this here rope. ". Suddenly remembering my
robotic abilities i leaped over grapped george and leaped back. The group
stared at me. The leader yelled " how the hell did you do that ". I
responded by telling them the whole story of how i did get here and how i
got shot by lennie's guards and how my body got replaced by robotic parts.
The leader look down at the ground for a few moments. Then he looked at me
and said " My daughter has a half bionic and half human heart. She was
coming back from school when she was shot in the heart. We rushed her to
the hospital just to get it repaired on time or she would've..." He stops
for a few moments and takes a deep breath. Then he dropped the topic and
told us our positions.

                  Chapter X

    We then headed toward the front gate. The skinny man put 2 sticks of
r-bombs on the door and blasted it. We ran through the door and into the
stronghold. Suddenly as we entered the stronghold, hundreds of guards came
out and started to shoot at us. Unfortunately 3 members of the group were
shot right in the head. The leader yelled a mercenary cry and started
blasting the guards. I pulled him down just fast enough to escape a shot
the flew overhead. The leader said "They've killed my 3 buddies!!!!!! I'm
going to extract they're skulls". I held on to him to stop him from trying
to get up. He punched me in the ribs in his attempt to struggle free, and i
let go just briefly, enough for him to get away. The guards stopped
shooting and locked him up. George was still struggling with the guards
when he was caught and they conked him out with a rock. Lennie appeared
behind the molten pile of metal and started to laugh, He said " Hahaha.
Trying to kill me eh'??... No Way you'll do that to me! I'll kill you two
by noon.". He went over to george, " Man. I thought you and me were friends
and now you betray me. tsk. tsk. Out like a baby... ". I thought he must
have seen me. That idiot was trying to taunt me to come out, and then
probably kill me. I remained silent. It seemed like an hour but finally
they went back in and i snuck out of the base without beeing seen.

                 Chapter XI

    I returned to the underground hideout to study my new strategies. As i
sat down and poured myself a VSOP Cognac. The leader's daughter came out
and i stood up. She asked me where her dad was. I sensed my facial
expression change. I lowered my head and shook it. She cried out " No!,
That can't be!. Your lying." She ran up to me and started pounding on my
chest. I grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her. i said " The guards
took him away!, they also got my buddy!. Control Yourself!.. I'll think of
something!". She put her head on my shoulder and started to cry
uncontrollably. I kept on reassuring her that i'll do my best to save them
but she kept on crying and crying. When she finally regained her composure,
She told me she was coming along, I told her it would be very dangerouns
inside a fortress like that. She was determined to go in and save her
father so we stocked up with weapons and headed back to the fortress for
the final confrontation.

                   Chapter XII

    We blew up the front gate and walked right into the foreyard we then
went into the already blown up front door and blasted the second door. We
then saw guards coming from all directions. We took most of them down. Some
of them went back to raise the alarm. " We better move fast you better
follow me. " i said. " No, To save time i'm going this way to the prison
cells. You go that way and take care of lennie for good.". Sensing her idea
was more ideal i took off in the direction to lennie's office. Fighting
through 20 levels of guards wasn't an easy task but with my acquired
Computer-Aided-Reflexing it's was a cinch. When i finally reached the door.
I kicked it open and went in. 2 Humongous robots approached me and started
to shoot me. I jumped onto the ceiling and threw a few coins into the
maintenance slot of the robots and they short circuited and failed. Without
further thinking i shot Lennie. The shot hit him in the leg and he
collapsed on the floor. He yelled " Don't kill me, I'll reform myself from
now on. ". That few seconds pondering over that question gave him the upper
hand. He jumped at me with a survival knife in his right hand. I aimed for
his head and squeezed the trigger. The shot blasted through his forehead.
For that split second, All sound seemed to be silenced. All movement
stopped. Then it was over, Lennie was dead. Thinking about the land we
dreamed about together brought back memories but this wasn't the lennie we
used to know. I shook my head to clear the thought. A small voice indicator
from the telecom system said "Master Non-functional. Base detonation in 1
minute". I ran upstairs and saw the three of them. All three were injured
from gunshot wounds. George seemed to be dying. He was delirious and had a
cold sweat. He managed to gasp " I broke 3 ribs when i was blocking an
explosion. ". I i picked up george and carried him on my back. I then went
to the roof and jumped to the ground i ran 50 meters and put down george
and i ran back to the base i ran back to the 20th floor. I picked up the
both of them and heard the voice again " 2 Seconds ". I just managed to
jump off the building and run 15 feet away when the whole building
exploded.

                      Chapter XIII

    I managed to bring all of them back to the underground hideout. I then
took George to the hospital and paid the fee and within 2 hours he was
healed good as new. George said to me " Man. Lennie that Bast*** is now
dead, and the town is free again."

                     Chapter XIV

    After a few days,we managed to find a Time-Rip scientist. He said he
could bring us back to where we were. He asked where do we want to go. I
replied 1930's Era. Town of Soledad. George looks at me amazed. The
scientist presses a button and a piece of glowing red glass appears. The
same one that took us here. The scientist says " The time rip that brought
you here was a test i was performing a few years ago. This time warp will
bring you back to the same place you came from. A few hours back of course.
". George taps me on the shoulder. I turn around and say " What? ". George
says "Tell him to send us back a week back so we don't have to be running
away from Curley when we get back.". I tell that to the scientist and he
updates the data. He asks me ready? I nod, then i walk towards Varhch and
say bye and walk towards his daughter. I asked her " I don't think i know
your name " . She tells me " Karen Vc ". I kiss her on the cheek and then i
walk towards the time-rip portal. Before we manage to jump in the father
comes toward us and says " How about us coming with you back to the 1930's
". I look at George and he looks back at me. I say " Okay, That's fine...
you can see our simple lives back in the 30's ". We wave at the scientist
for the last time and leap into the portal. A few seconds later we reappear
back inside the cave.

                 Chapter XV

    We approach the town and everything was like it was when we left. We
approach the ranch. And the boss comes out. You 4 the new workers here?
Okay.. We were expecting you a bit earlier. But your here and that's okay.
I winked at George.............

