        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on how Power of   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [France & England        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Increased during 17th   ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [Century                 ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:525   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
              Modern European History: Essay #3


     In the seventeenth century, the political power of the Parliament in
England, and the Monarchy in France increased greatly.  These conditions
were inspired by three major changes: the aftermath of the reformation, the
need for an increased governmental financing, and the reorganizing of
central governments.  These three points were each resolved in a different
way in both England and in France.

     The first major point which eventually increased political power was
the aftermath of the Protestant reformation.  In England, after the
establishment of the separate Anglican church of England there were many
protestant groups left in England still in conflict.  These groups all
tried to push and pull parliament in their favor -- which ultimately made
it so that nothing could be done.  These conflicts even came to the point
of bloody civil wars and suffering on both sides of the fighting.
Parliament ultimately decided to stop these wars by creating religious Act
of Toleration (1689) for the non-conformist protestants.  For many people,
this caused more unity in England and increased power.  In France, the
decision was made to unify the country through the establishment of a
single religious authority, the Catholic Church.  The king of France became
the heart of this policy, which gave him control of religion when this went
into effect.

     The next major point was the increase in need for governmental
financing.  In England, taxing had become under the control of Parliament.
In addition to this, the cost of running a government in general had gone
up and the country needed more money.  Because the king didn't have as much
power to tax as he pleases, the government could make a firm and accurate
taxation of the people. In France, the price of government had also gone
up.  However, here the was a monarchy and a king with great control over
the government.  Using his control of the economy, a strong "Mercantilism"
system was used aimed at maximizing foreign exports and reserves. The king
became the center of this new power.

     The last major point which increased political power was the
reorganizing of the central governments in both England and in France.  The
economic changes in this century required new relationships between the
King and his subjects.  In England, the parliament because of this need,
grew to have power over the king and cause great toleration of people's
beliefs, in addition to keeping a strong central government.  In France,
the Parliaments of Henry IV were totally changed by the next active king,
Louis XIV. Louis XIV created a powerful monarchy the gave him absolute
power. He used the slogans "One king, one law, one faith" and "I am the
state" to demonstrate his attitudes toward what a leader should be in the
setting of seventeenth century France.

     These three points of show how France and England adapted to the needs
of the seventeenth century.  While similar pressures existed in each
county, such as finances and religious differences, each responded in a
manner based on the philosophies and cultures of their land.  This increase
in political power has vastly effected the destinies of both these
countries forever.
