        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
	  ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Jesus, and what made    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [him so "perfect."       ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed:7/94    # of Words:1249  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                    Three Important Qualities
                    Of Christ's Life
 
     Ever since Jesus was born, he has always been perfect.  There have
never been any flaws that had to do with him.  He had many different
characteristics and qualities that were unique about him including
holiness, purity, faithfulness, mercifulness, grace, righteousness, love,
integrity, divinity, and courageousness. There is nothing that is more
powerful than that of the triunity, which consists of God the Father, God
the Holy Spirit, and God the Son.  This report deals mostly with God the
Son, which is Jesus. Jesus has all these qualities and we are supposed to
be following in His footsteps. Most Christians try as hard to have these
great characteristics, but there is no possible way that we could achieve
such a goal.  It is impossible for humans to reach that goal.  It says in
the Bible "For everyone falls short of the glory of God.".  That right
there is enough proof to show that we are not worthy of his presence.
    
     God is of the Spirit.  He is not made of matter and mind, and he does
not possess a physical nature.  Some think that God is that of a human.
There is no possible way that this could be, because in John 4:24 Jesus
speaks "God is spirit, and those who worship him just worship in spirit and
truth.".  Even though Jesus had flesh was of the Spirit he still did have
matter.  He had flesh which is matter.  In this flesh was very important
qualities.  God still possesses all of these qualities even though He does
not have flesh.  These characteristics would fit for either God the Father,
God the Son, or God the Holy Spirit.  They all work in the triunity and
have these qualities even though one might display it in a different manner
than the other.

     In the thirty-three years of Jesus' life, He had three very important
characteristics that are something we all should try and follow:
Loveliness, Faithfulness, and Forgiveness.

     Very often when people think of Love, they think of Jesus. In John
4:8,16 it says that God is love.  This is a paraphrase but it is still
stating something that is very important.  That verse shows that Jesus had
(and still does) mercy and compassion for us. Another verse that shows that
God's love as apparent is John 3:16, "For God so loved the world that he
gave his only begotten son that who believes in him will not perish but
have everlasting life.". He has so much love for us that he even gives us
life.  He could just let us Christians live our own life but, He helps us
out with His great grace.

     Grace is part of the whole effect of God's love.  Basically what grace
is, is way that God deals with us.  It has nothing to do with what we
deserve or basis of merit, but it is giving out by how much we need.  God
deals with them according to his goodness and generosity.  That seems
similar to benevolence, but it isn't. Jesus' grace is really shown in the
New Testament.  In Exodus 34:6 it says "The Lord, the Lord, a God merciful
and gracious...".  In Ephesians 2:7-9 it says, "For it is by grace you have
been saved, through faith-and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of
God-not by works, so that no one can boast.  In those verses it is saying
that God is allowing us to be saved.  He doesn't have to save us; He could
just let us all go to hell, but he gives each and everyone of us a chance
to accept Him.  The list goes on and on of different verses in the Bible
that shows us of God's grace.  God's grace is related to the Mercy that He
gives us too.
						     
     Jesus' mercy was his loving, compassion, tenderheartedness. He has a
very tender heart toward the needy. That is the kind of mercy that Jesus
has for ALL of us.  We are supposed to fear God and Jesus and then they
will pity those who fears them.  If they did not pity us and have mercy on
us we would not be alive.  They would have let us die by now.  They cannot
stand to be in the sinning world that we live in.  They would just do away
with us if they didn't care about us.  Because of all of this care He has
for us I feel that we need to have faith in Him.

     If God is really to be true and we believe that He is, then His faith
in us has been proven.  He is all powerful and He would never do something
that could proven not to be true.  Jesus had faith in us in many ways.  His
father has one big example of faith. this example was the time in which
Abraham was to sacrifice his son Isaac on the alter.  God said that he
(Isaac) would be very important in years to come.  First of all Abraham
didn't believe that a son would be sent to him, and one was.  Abram didn't
have faith in God but God had faith and said that a child would come, and a
child did come.  Now that he was on the alter God relieved Abraham from
killing his son by having a sheep walk by in which he was commanded to
sacrifice instead of the son.  Abraham showed a lot of faith in God by
believing Him that he was right in what he was doing.  I think that that
was a very brave thing by Abraham to do.  He must have had all the faith
that you can in God, because in a situation like that I don't know what I
would do.  If we believe and have faith in God and Jesus we will be
forgiven of our sins, in which is another great quality of Jesus.

     "But with you there is forgiveness; therefore you are feared." (Psalm
130:4).  If you believe in the Bible that verse should let you know that
Jesus and His father does forgive us.  "O'Isreal, put you hope in the Lord,
for with the Lord is unfailing love and with him is full redemption."
(Psalm 130:7)  I feel that both of those verses are very strong in their
speaking of forgiveness.  The Lord will forgive us of all of our sins
whenever we ask for forgiveness. This is all because of when Jesus died on
the cross for our sins. He took all of the sins of the world upon Him at
that time.  If He wouldn't have been crucified we would not ever be able to
go into heaven because we would always have sin with us.  Jesus cannot be
in the presence of sin now that he has resurrected and is back in heaven.
When our sins are forgiven they are completely forgotten. They are thrown
as far as the East is from the West.

     All of these qualities that I have talked about are very important but
there are many more.  There are numerous characteristics of Jesus.  These
three that I spoke of where just some of the ones that I felt were very
important.  I am not saying that there are ones that aren't important, I
was saying that these were three that were very important to me.  As you
can see, these three qualities were things that were very apparent in His
life.

