
        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Pro-Life Abortion Stance]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:786   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
          Reilyism Speech

     The founding of entire nation was forged on the principle that all men
are created equal under the law.  This is the essence of our Declaration of
Independance and the philosophy behind the Constition.  We, through
history, have made certain that ALL people in this country have equality
before the law.  We have set uup the premise that all people are equal
before the law.  Lady Justice is blind to Race, Religion, _________ .  We
have declared that there is no such thing as sub-humans -- and that NO
human being's rights are superior to another human being.

     If we want to live by the premises that we set up in this country,
then we cannot overlook ANY human being -- NO ONE can be excluded.  There
are, however, a human beings that is ignored the protection to thier rights
to life everyday. The aborted children. I dare the negative to PROVE that a
child in her mother's wound is alive!

     Does the negative actually believe that a human being is alive when
and only when a human being has fully developed?  If this is true, then
most of here are not alive.  The human specie is only fully grown at
adulthood, many of us here are not adults yet -- and by that definition, it
wouldn't matter if your shot and killed on the street because "your not
fully developed".  We are a stage in development -- teenager -- just like a
child is, just like a toddler is, just like an old man is, and just like a
aborted child is.  There is no magical transformation that occurs when a
child is born.  He has the same basic needs to survive before he is born,
and the same needs after he is born.

     The negative is going to attempt to make you believe that the
differnce in quality of a unborn child is so great that these children do
not resemble what we call alive.  They want you to believe that a unborn
child cannot feel pain.  Can an unborn child feel pain?  If it can, then
does that not resemble life? If they do successfully make you accept this
premise, then it becomes easy to abort a child.  If you accept that an
unborn child is not a eating, breathing, moving, human inside of a woman
then thier life can have no value.

     But the answer is yes, a unborn child does feel pain.  Now, I know it
is hard for many of us to accept that we have been doing things wrong on
such a basic level in this country, I know it's hard for many people to
look back on beliefs that they have thought many times, but we must realize
that unborn childeren ARE alive!

     Our country went through and the world went through a long persiod of
time where Whites believed that Blacks were actually sub-human!  If someone
accepted that a Black person was a sub- human, then it became easy to
continue slavery, and it became easy to abuse or ignore thier rights to
life.  We have disproved this premise in modern time, not ignoring the
facts.

     In Hitler's Holocost, German soliders forced themselves to truly
believe that the Jews were lower beings.  We cannot ignore the facts, we
cannot imitate these Nazi's and operate on the premise that there are lower
human beings.

     We cannot hide it!  Killing a living human being is murder -- and
murder is against the the law.  I dare the negative to say that a Unborn
Child is not a human being!  I dare the negative to say that a unborn child
is not alive!  and I dare the negative to say that he would not mind being
an aborted child!

     Last night, while writing this speech, I was shocked to hear for the
first time, my mother tell me that before I was born, she had two
abortions.  It made me realize how close I am, how close I became to never
have existing.  It made me see that I could have had two little brothers or
sisters that I would have loved.  I dare all of you to really ask
yourselves -- would want to have been a aborted child.  Would you would
have wanted you life to be cut, before you could even be born into this
world?  When I was inside my mother, No one could ask me if I valued my
life.  I wouldn't have a right to live.  If you were aborted you would NOT
have a chance to ask for your life.

     If abortion is murder, then can we let this continue?  There are 300
million abortions every year in the United States.

