        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Abigail Adams ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:751   School:Co-Ed Priv      State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                        Abigail Adams
     Abigail Adams was a unique women because she had an education and an
interest in politics.  She learned how to read and write and enjoyed poems
most.  She was also very resourceful by helping her husband on difficult
problems.

     Abigail was born on November 11 on the Julian calendar, or November 22
on the modern Gregorian calendar.  Abigail had two sisters named Mary and
Elizabeth or Betsy.  She had one brother named William or Billy.  Abigail's
name was originally Abigail Smith.  Each baby was baptized on the first
Sabbath of its life and was recorded in their parish records.  Abigail live
in a comfortable house.  When Abigail was sixteen, her father added a wing
that was bigger than the original building to make room for the children,
servants, and visitors.  When I say servants it means that they were
probably slaves but were called servants to avoid the dehumanizing effect
that the word 'slave' can mean.  Their house was a sight of luxury in the
eyes of the common folk in the parish.  Though they lived well, the Smiths
had no fortune.  Abigail's father often worked with his own hands, planting
corn and potatoes, gathering hay, sowing barley, or making sure that his
sheep received proper care.  Abigail, with the help of her family grew a
very religious bond between each other and a long lasting friendship.

     Abigail never went to a real school because of poor health.  So, she
learned at home. Her father's library was not big, but she still went to it
to read books.  Abigail's favorite books were novels by Samuel Richardson.
Abigail's father knew John Adams by working with him and she grew rather
close to him starting a wedding.  This now made her name Abigail Adams.
Their wedding was held on October 25, 1764, a month before her twentieth
birthday.  John was a lawyer and very often was not at home due to court
cases he had to attend to. When Abigail was pregnant with her first son,
John was only at home for eight out of the nine months.  The baby was born
on a hot day on the morning of July 14, 1765.  The baby's name was
'Abigail', but was called Nabby.  She was with her parents when she had the
baby. Shortly after, she was again pregnant.  July 11, 1767, she delivered
a healthy boy named John Quincy.  John Adams soon moved his family to
Boston to be closer to his important clients and the center of political
action.  In Boston, Abigail had two more children.  one named Susanna, who
died thirteen months later, and Charles who was born healthy at the end of
May 1770.  John Adams sent everyone in his enlarged family back to there
old house because of the recent Boston Massacre happening.  While Abigail
was there, She had her last son named Thomas.  John soon bought a brick
house back in Boston and moved everyone back in.  Abigail started teaching
the children to read and write.

     John told Abigail almost everything that he knew and went to her for
political problems.  He understood what she could understand and trusted
her.  Abigail became the most informed woman on public affairs in the
nation.  On August 10, 1774, Abigail parted with John as he left to attend
the Congress called at Philadelphia to try and unite the colonies against
Great Britain's plan to punish Boston and Massachusetts.  Though her sons
would not be of military age for another decade, Abigail dreaded war, in
which only God knew what would happen.  When the shots at Lexington and
Concorde were fired, John was again off to the Congress and cautioned
Abigail that she should 'fly to the woods' with the children if the British
attacked Boston. Abigail prayed for the war and on June 17 John Quincy and
Abigail went to Bunker Hill and watched the roar of the cannons and saw the
flames of burning Charleston atop of Penn's Hill near where they lived.
Soon they learned of the British losses and how greater they were, but
Abigail knew someone named Dr. Warren who died.  He helped John Quincy from
the loss of his finger.  Abigail wrote many letters to her husband and it
became a way of life for her.  She was always keeping John up to date with
what's happening at the immediate point in time. Abigail sometimes called
herself 'Mrs. Delegate' because she was the wife of a Revolutionary leader.
Abigail continued to keep in tact with her husband throughout the war.  She
also was very political. Then later she led a very productive life.
