        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Aids           ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:3423  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 AIDS and YOU (May 1987)
 By Martin H. Goodman MD

 (this essay is in the public domain)


Introduction:

   AIDS is a life and death issue. To have the AIDS disease is at present a
sentence of slow but inevitable death. I've already lost one friend to
AIDS. I may soon lose others. My own sexual behavior and that of many of my
friends has been profoundly altered by it. In my part of the country, one
man in 10 may already be carrying the AIDS virus. While the figures may
currently be less in much of the rest of the country, this is changing
rapidly. There currently is neither a cure, nor even an effective
treatment, and no vaccine either. But there are things that have been
PROVEN immensely effective in slowing the spread of this hideously lethal
disease. In this essay I hope to present this information. History and
Overview:

AIDS stands for Acquired Immune Defficiency Disease. It is caused by a virus.

   The disease originated somewhere in Africa about 20 years ago. There it
first appeared as a mysterious ailment afflicting primarily heterosexuals
of both sexes. It probably was spread especially fast by primarily female
prostitutes there. AIDS has already become a crisis of STAGGERING
proportions in parts of Africa. In Zaire, it is estimated that over twenty
percent of the adults currently carry the virus. That figure is increasing.
And what occurred there will, if no cure is found, most likely occur here
among heterosexual folks.

   AIDS was first seen as a disease of gay males in this country. This was
a result of the fact that gay males in this culture in the days before AIDS
had an average of 200 to 400 new sexual contacts per year. This figure was
much higher than common practice among heterosexual (straight) men or
women. In addition, it turned out that rectal sex was a particularly
effective way to transmit the disease, and rectal sex is a common practice
among gay males. For these reasons, the disease spread in the gay male
population of this country immensely more quickly than in other
populations. It became to be thought of as a "gay disease". Because the
disease is spread primarily by exposure of ones blood to infected blood or
semen, I.V. drug addicts who shared needles also soon were identified as an
affected group. As the AIDS epidemic began to affect increasingly large
fractions of those two populations (gay males and IV drug abusers), many of
the rest of this society looked on smugly, for both populations tended to
be despised by the "mainstream" of society here.

   But AIDS is also spread by heterosexual sex. In addition, it is spread
by blood transfusions. New born babies can acquire the disease from
infected mothers during pregnancy. Gradually more and more "mainstream"
folks got the disease. Most recently, a member of congress died of the
disease. Finally, even the national news media began to join in the task of
educating the public to the notion that AIDS can affect everyone.

   Basic medical research began to provide a few bits of information, and
some help. The virus causing the disease was isolated and identified. The
AIDS virus turned out to be a very unusual sort of virus. Its genetic
material was not DNA, but RNA. When it infected human cells, it had its RNA
direct the synthesis of viral DNA. While RNA viruses are not that uncommon,
very few RNA viruses reproduce by setting up the flow of information from
RNA to DNA. Such reverse or "retro" flow of information does not occur at
all in any DNA virus or any other living things. Hence, the virus was said
to belong to the rare group of virues called "Retro Viruses". Research
provided the means to test donated blood for the presence of the antibodies
to the virus, astronomically reducing the chance of ones getting AIDS from
a blood transfusion. This was one of the first real breakthroughs. The same
discoveries that allowed us to make our blood bank blood supply far safer
also allowed us to be able to tell (in most cases) whether one has been
exposed to the AIDS virus using a simple blood test.


The Types of AIDS Infection:

   When the AIDS virus gets into a person's body, the results can be broken
down into three general types of situations: AIDS disease, ARC, and
asymptomatic seropositive condition.

   The AIDS disease is characterized by having one's immune system
devastated by the AIDS virus. One is said to have the *disease* if one
contracts particular varieties (Pneumocystis, for example) of pneumonia, or
one of several particular varieties of otherwise rare cancers (Kaposi's
Sarcoma, for example). This *disease* is inevitably fatal. Death occurs
often after many weeks or months of expensive and painful hospital care.
Most folks with the disease can transmit it to others by sexual contact or
other exposure of an uninfected person's blood to the blood or semen of the
infected person.

   There is also a condition referred to as ARC ("Aids Related Complex").
In this situation, one is infected with the AIDS virus and one's immune
system is compromised, but not so much so that one gets the (ultimately
lethal) cancers or pneumonias of the AIDS disease. One tends to be plagued
by frequent colds, enlarged lymph nodes, and the like. This condition can
go on for years. One is likely to be able to infect others if one has ARC.
Unfortunately, all those with ARC are currently felt to eventually progress
to getting the full blown AIDS disease.

   There are, however, many folks who have NO obvious signs of disease what
so ever, but when their blood serum is tested they show positive evidence
of having been exposed to the virus. This is on the basis of the fact that
antibodies to the AIDS virus are found in their blood. Such "asymptomatic
but seropositive" folks may or may not carry enough virus to be infectious.
Most sadly, though, current research and experience with the disease would
seem to indicate that EVENTUALLY nearly all folks who are seropostive will
develop the full blown AIDS disease. There is one ray of hope here: It may
in some cases take up to 15 years or more between one's becoming
seropositive for the AIDS virus and one's developing the disease. Thus, all
those millions (soon to be tens and hundreds of millions) who are now
seropositive for AIDS are under a sentence of death, but a sentence that
may not be carried out for one or two decades in a significan fraction of
cases. Medical research holds the possibility of commuting that sentence,
or reversing it.

   There is one other fact that needs to be mentioned here because it is
highly significant in determining recommendations for safe sexual conduct
which will be discussed below: Currently, it is felt that after exposure to
the virus, most folks will turn seropositive for it (develop a positive
blood test for it) within four months. It is currently felt that if you are
sexually exposed to a person with AIDS and do not become seropositive
within six months after that exposure, you will never become seropositive
as a result of that exposure.

   Just to confuse the issue a little, there are a few folks whose blood
shows NO antibodies to the virus, but from whom live virus has been
cultured. Thus, if one is seronegative, it is not absolute proof one is not
exposed to the virus. This category of folks is very hard to test for, and
currently felt to be quite rare. Some even speculate that such folks may be
rare examples of those who are immune to the effects of the virus, but this
remains speculation. It is not known if such folks can also transmit the
virus.


Transmission of AIDS:

   The AIDS virus is extremely fragile, and is killed by exposure to mild
detergents or to chlorox, among other things. AIDS itself may be
transmitted by actual virus particles, or by the transmission of living
human CELLS that contain AIDS viral DNA already grafted onto the human DNA.
Or both. Which of these two mechanisms is the main one is not known as I
write this essay. But the fact remains that it is VERY hard to catch AIDS
unless one engages in certain specific activities.


What will NOT transmit AIDS?

   Casual contact (shaking hands, hugging, sharing tools) cannot transmit
AIDS. Although live virus has been recovered from saliva of AIDS patients,
the techniques used to do this involved concentrating the virus to extents
many thousands of times greater than occurs in normal human contact, such
as kissing (including "deep" or "French" kissing). Thus, there remains no
solid evidence that even "deep" kissing can transmit AIDS. Similarly, there
is no evidence that sharing food or eating utensils with an AIDS patient
can transmit the virus. The same is true for transmission by sneezing or
coughing. There just is no current evidence that the disease can be
transmitted that way.The same may be true even for BITING,though here there
may be some increased (though still remote) chance of transmitting the
disease.

   The above is very important. It means that there is NO medical reason
WHAT SO EVER to recommend that AIDS suffers or AIDS antibody positive folks
be quarrantined. Such recommendations are motivated either by ignorance or
by sinister desires to set up concentration camps. Combined with the fact
that the disease is already well established in this country, the above
also means that there is no rational medical basis for immigration laws
preventing visits by AIDS suffers or antibody positive persons.

   The above also means that friends and family and coworkers of AIDS
patients and seropostive persons have nothing to fear from such casual
contact. There is no reason to not show your love or concern for a friend
with AIDS by embracing the person. Indeed, there appears still to be NO
rational basis for excluding AIDS suffers from food preparation activity.
Even if an AIDS suffer cuts his or her finger and bleeds into the salad or
soup, most of the cells and virus will die, in most cases, before the food
is consumed. In addition, it is extremely difficult to get successfully
attacked by AIDS via stuff you eat.

   AIDS cannot be transmitted by the act of GIVING blood to a blood bank.
All equipment used for such blood donation is sterile, and is used just
once, and then discarded.


How is AIDS transmitted?

   Sexual activity is one of the primary ways AIDS is transmitted. AIDS is
transmitted particulary by the transmission of blood or semen of an
infected person into contact with the blood of an uninfected person. Sex
involving penetration of the penis into either the vagina of a woman or the
rectum of either a woman or a man has a very high risk of transmitting the
disease. It is felt to be about four times MORE likely for an infected male
to transmit AIDS to an uninfected woman in the course of vaginal sex than
it is likely for an infected woman to transmit AIDS to an uninfected male.
This probably relates to the greater area of moist tissue in a woman's
vagina, and to the relative liklihood of microscopic tears to occur in that
tissue during sex. But the bottom line is that AIDS can be transmitted in
EITHER direction in the case of heterosexual sex. Transmission among
lesbians (homosexual females) is rare.

   Oral sex is an extremely common form of sexual activity among both gay
and straight folks. Such activity involves contact of infected semen or
vaginal secretions with the mouth, esophagus (the tube that connects the
mouth with the stomach) and the stomach. AIDS virus and infected cells most
certainly cannot survive the acid environment of the stomach. Yet, it is
still felt that there is a chance of catching the disease by having oral
sex with an infected person. The chance is probably a lot smaller than in
the case of vaginal or rectal sex, but is still felt to be significant.

   As mentioned above, AIDS is also transmitted among intravenous drug
users by the sharing of needles. Self righteous attitudes by the political
"leaders" of this country at local, state, and national levels have
repeatedly prevented the very rational approach of providing free access to
sterile intravenous equipment for IV drug users. This measure, when taken
promptly in Amsterdam, was proven to greatly and SIGNIFICANTLY slow the
spread of the virus in that population. The best that rational medical
workers have succeeded in doing here in San Francisco is distribute
educational leaflets and cartoons to the I.V. drug abusing population
instructing them in the necessity of their rinsing their "works" with
chlorox before reusing the same needle in another person. Note that even if
you don't care what happens to I.V. drug abusers, the increase in the
number of folks carrying the virus ultimately endangers ALL living persons.
Thus, the issue is NOT what you morally think of I.V. drug addicts, but one
of what is the most rational way to slow the spread of AIDS in all
populations.

   Testing of donated blood for AIDS has massivly reduced the chance of
catching AIDS from blood transfusions. But a very small risk still remains.
To further reduce that risk, efforts have been made to use
"autotransfusions" in cases of "elective surgery" (surgery that can be
planned months in advance). Autotransfusion involves the patient storing
their own blood a couple of weeks prior to their own surgery, to be used
during the surgery if needed. Similary, setting up donations of blood from
friends and family known to be antibody negative and at low risk for AIDS
prior to schedualed surgery further can decrease the already small risks
from transfusion.


AIDS and SEX: What are the rational options?

   The "sexual revolution" of the 1960's has been stopped dead in its
tracks by the AIDS epidemic. The danger of contracting AIDS is so real now
that it has massively affected the behavior of both gay and straight folks
who formerly had elected to lead an active sexual life that included
numerous new sexual contacts.


Abstinence

   The safest option regarding AIDS and sex is total abstinence from all
sexual contact. For those who prefer to indulge in sexual contact, this is
often far too great a sacrifice. But it IS an option to be considered.


Safe Sex

   For those who wish to have sexual contact with folks on a relatively
casual basis, there have been devised rules for "safe sex". These rules are
very strict, and will be found quite objectionable by most of us who have
previously enjoyed unrestricted sex. But to violate these rules is to risk
unusually horrible death. Once one gets used to them, tho, the rule for
"safe sex" do allow for quite acceptable sexual enjoyment in most cases.

   For those who wish to indulge in pentration of the vagina or rectum by a
penis: The penis MUST be sheathed in a condom or "rubber". This must be
done "religiously", and NO exceptions are allowed. A condom must be used by
a man even when he is receiving oral sex. Cunnilingus (oral stimulation of
a womans gentitals by the mouth of a lover) is NOT considerd to be safe
sex. Safe sex includes mutual masturbation, and the stimultion of one
genitals by another's hand (provided there are no cuts in the skin on that
hand). But manual stimulation of another's genitals is NOT safe if one has
cuts on one's hands, unless one is wearing a glove.

   Note that even when one is conscientiously following the recommendations
for safe sex, accidents can happen. Condoms can break. One may have small
cuts or tears in ones skin that one is unaware of. Thus, following rules
for "safe sex" does NOT guarantee that one will not get AIDS. It does,
however, greatly reduce the chances. There are many examples of sexaully
active couples where one member has AIDS disease and the other remains
seronegative even after many months of safe sex with the diseased person.
It is particularly encouraging to note that, due to education programs
among San Francisco gay males, the incidence of new cases of AIDS infection
among that high risk group has dropped massively. Between practice of safe
sex and a significant reduction in the number of casual sexual contacts,
the spread of AIDS is being massively slowed in that group. Similar
responsible action MUST be taken by straight folks to further slow the
spread of AIDS, to give our researchers time to find the means to fight it.


Monogamy

   For those who would have sexual activity, the safest approach in this
age of AIDS is monogamous sex. Specifically, both parties in a couple must
commit themselves to not having sex with anyone else. At that time they
should take AIDS antibody tests. If the tests are negative for both, they
must practice safe sex until both members of the couple have been greater
than six months since sexual contact with anyone else. At that time the
AIDS blood test is repeated. If both tests remain negative six months after
one's last sexual contact with any other party, current feeling is that it
is now safe to have "unprotected" sex. Note that this approach is
recommended especially for those who wish to have children, to prevent the
chance of having a child be born infected with AIDS, getting it from an
infected mother. Note also that this approach can be used by groups of
three or more people, but it must be adhered to VERY strictly.


What to AVOID:

   Unscrupulous folks have begun to sell the idea that one should pay to
take an AIDS antibody test, then carry an ID card that certifies one as
AIDS antibody negative, as a ticket to being acceptable in a singles bar.
This is criminal greed and stupidity. First, one can turn antibody positive
at any time. Even WEEKLY testing will not pick this change up soon enough
to prevent folks certified as "negative" from turning positive between
tests. Much worse, such cards are either directly or implicitly promoted as
a SUBSTITUTE for "safe sex" practices. This can only hasten the spread of
the disease.

   If you want to learn your antibody status, be sure to do so ANONYMOUSLY.
Do NOT get the test done by any agency that requires your real name,
address, or any other identifying information. Fortunately, in San
Francisco, there is a public place to get AIDS antibody testing where you
may identify yourself only as a number. Tho that place has a three month
long waiting list for testing, there are other private clinics where one
may have the test done for cash, and may leave any false name one wishes.
The reason I suggest this is that currently there are some very
inappropriate reactions by government and business to folks known to be
antibody positive. Protect yourself from such potential persection by
preventing your antibody status from being a matter of record. That
information is for you, your lover(s), and (if need be) your physician. And
for NO one else.

   There currently is NO treatment for AIDS (this includes AZT) that shows
significant promise.

In Conclusion:

   It is my own strongly held view, and that of the medical and research
community world wide, that the AIDS epidemic is a serious problem, with the
potential to become the worst plague this species has ever known. This is
SERIOUS business. VASTLY greater sums should be spent on searching for
treatments and vaccines. On the other hand, we feel strongly that this is
"merely" a disease, not an act by a supernatural power. And while it does
not seem likely we will find either a cure or a vaccine in the forseeable
future, it may be that truly effective treatments that can indefinitely
prolong the life of AIDS victims may be found in the next few years. When
science and technology do finally fully conquer AIDS, we can go back to
deciding what sort and how much sex to have with who ever we choose on the
basis of our own personal choice, and not by the coercion of a speck of
proteins and RNA. May that time come soon. In the mean time, we must all do
what we can to slow the spread of this killer. This article is intended to
help accomplish that. Please circulate it as widely as possible.
