        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Expansion of   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Arthur's battle with    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [the Giant               ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:601   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Expansion Of Arthur's Battle
With The Giant
 
   Arthur turned his head in the direction the woman's gaze and there
before him stood the giant that he had heard so much about during the past
few days. It stood almost 20 feet off the ground and carried a club bigger
than Arthur himself. The stench of rotting human corpses emanated from its
disgusting body and insects of every sort imaginable crawled freely through
its hair and under its skin. Arthur stood motionless, stunned for a moment
by the unbelievable hideousness of the creature.

    "How could a God who created the beauty of things such as the forests
and mountains also be responsible for creating such filth?" thought Arthur.
He then put his hand on his sword and grasped it tightly. Was this giant
more than he could handle? Would his pride and honor lead him to his death?
If Merlin was right, and God was not on his side, how could he expect to
win this fight? Arthur's stomach began to churn as all these thoughts flew
through his mind and he clenched Excalibur even tighter. The giant was
carrying the bodies of twelve peasants on its back. The sight of the dead
men and women the giant had so mercilessly killed enraged Arthur. This
beast would pay dearly for its crimes if he had anything to do with it.

    "May great God in heaven, who rules the world, give you a short life
and shameful death! Surely you are the most foul fiend that was ever
formed! Guard yourself, you dog, and prepare to die, for this day my hands
will kill you!" exclaimed Arthur.

    The giant answered Arthur by raising its massive club and swinging it
at him. Arthur could feel a gust of wind blow against him as the tree-sized
club whipped through the air towards him. He raised his shield with his
head covered in an attempt to block the giants blow. This was the worst
part of fighting for Arthur, not being able to see what was happening, he
would have to leave his fate up to God.

    The blow came quickly, completely jolting and stunning Arthur and
shattering his shield into sawdust, but at least he was still alive. If God
was to forsake him, today was not the day He did so. Arthur's strength and
confidence grew after he survived the first blow for he believed God would
protect him tonight. As the giant bent down to grab him, Arthur unsheathed
Excalibur and sliced open the giant's forehead. Pools of blood drenched its
head preventing it from being able to see. The giant, who had never
experienced any serious opposition before, started to panic. In wild frenzy
it grabbed at the ground and managed to scoop up Arthur in its hands
attempting to crush him, but in its state of panic, the giant was no match
for Arthur who quickly broke free of its grasp.

    "Peace to you my lord!" the giant screamed. "Who are you that fights so
skillfully with me? Only Arthur, the most noble of all kings, could defeat
me in combat!"

    "I am that Arthur of whom you speak," replied Arthur. Not having any
pity for the disgusting giant, Arthur ignored the giants plea and began to
hack the wounded monster to pieces as it itself had done to so many of the
peasants. The giant could only scream in agony as it was mutilated for it
could not see and therefore could not defend itself. After the giant had
been killed, Arthur instructed Sir Kay to chop off its head.
