        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Autobiography Paper     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1338  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    Autobiography of ____________

    RING! RING! RING!  The familiar sound of that damned alarm clock set me
suddenly upright in my bed.  I reached over to turn it off.  I was retired
now, but I still liked to get up early.  I always have you know.  Ever
since day one, I was up early.  Today, I recalled, was my 84th birthday.
Brad, my grandson and all the rest of the family would be here later to
celebrate.  Brad reminded me a lot of myself as a kid. I dragged myself
tiredly over to the desk where I knew I would find my old diary from my
high school years.  As I blew the dust off the stained leather cover and
started reading some of the entries, many memories came back as my mind
faded into the past...

Saturday, Aug. 26/89
    Today may have been the most exciting day yet this summer.  Mom and Dad
came to pick us up rather early from a sleep over at my friends house.  You
see Daddy got these four great tickets to the baseball game from a friend
at his work.  Mom had decided to come along.  Once we got inside we found
that there wasn't' too much of a crowd and so we found our seats fairly
easily.  We got there in time to see the last two innings of the Old
Timer's game.  We had to wait half an hour for the regular ball game to
start!  This was, I believe my fourth time in the Sky Dome.  I guess it
doesn't matter how many times you come here, every time it is just as big
and impressive and fascinating as the last!  Anyways, the Milwaukee Brewers
were to play the Toronto Blue Jays.  My Mom doesn't follow baseball at all
so she spent most of her time looking at all the stuff in the Dome.  She
tried to clap at the right times but she usually forgot.  Those were the
best seats I ever had!  They were the cushio seats right on top of 1st
base!  Most important the Blue Jays won 7-0!  What a perfect day.

    As I finished the entry I remembered how quickly I lost interest in
baseball as new things moved into my life.  Mostly computers became a big
passion and eventually my life's work.  I skimmed over the next few diary
entries about the purchase of our first computer. I remember it, we finally
decided to purchase the Tandy 1000 SL.  At the time it was just supposed to
be for school work.  I gradually became very advanced in my programming
skills and mastery of the computer.  By the end of high school we had
bought a 80286 and finally an 80486.  I truly was a lucky kid.  Most
parents wouldn't have done that, but mine did.  The 80486 was at the time
the fastest computer on the market.  It was the latest in technology, I was
truly THRILLED to receive it.  Oh yes, that also reminds me of Super
S.O.N.I.C. BBS.  SONIC as it was called for short, was my bulletin board
that I had put up on June 15/91.  I remember now, yes, we had over 550
users calling us from across the world within 5 months its inception.  It
was a much bigger success than we expected.  Most other boards did not
receive as much publicity or users so quickly as we did.  We were the
distribution site for the ever popular Sound Blaster Digest Online Magazine
and a whole bunch of other stuff that slips my aging memory.  SONIC stood
for Sound and Optics Network for IBM Computers.  It was really a neat name
which summed up the purpose of our public service.  I flipped on through
the next few pages.  I stopped at the entry I identified as the one I wrote
on my first day of high school. This one brought back many memories...

Tues. Sept. 5/91
    Sorry I haven't written for so long but a lot has been happening. Today
was my first day at Brebeuf.  Nana and Grandpa let me off in front of the
school.  I had no idea where to go so I just stood on the front lawn
waiting for some divine hand to direct me.  Finally I came around enough to
go into the school where a notice stuck to the front door told me to go to
my homeroom.  After finding out that my homeroom was not where the notice
had said, I finally ended up in portable 311. My new homeroom teacher, Mr.
Paonessa had movie pictures plastered all around the room, but he is making
me feel at home in this strange, new environment.  High school looks like
it is going to be tough.  I have a locker partner, Jerome.  I hope he is a
decent guy...

    I finished the page.  As it turned out, Jerome turned out to be quite a
nice guy I remember.  I guess I was lucky in that sense.  But Mr. Paonessa
brought back memories too, I assume he is dead now.  In grade 9 I saw more
than enough of Mr. Paonessa as I had him for three periods every other day.
I guess during grade 9 he got to know me for the next year he asked me to
join yearbook.  He made it sound like so much fun! Little did I know that I
was to become editor of the yearbook and end up spending many long hours
after school working on it.  All in all Mr. Paonessa, Mrs. Tulini and I got
along pretty well.  One thing I remember is that you could usually depend
on Mr. P. to get things done. I turned yet another page of my diary...

Fri. Jan. 26/90
    I've just finished writing all my exams.  During the examination period
Ian cam over 5 or 6 times.  Last September I finally got my job at the
North York Central Library.  I started at $5.00 an hour but over Christmas
I got a $0.35 raise.  I've made quite a bit of money since then.  Probably
the best thing about the job is that I can mess with the library computers
and get any material I want for school.  Another thing is that I have made
many friends there.  Although all the pages (which is my job title) are
friends I get along exceptionally well with Edward, Rob and Pawel....

    I paused reading, I couldn't read too much anymore without my contacts.
Those three names however brought back a flood of memories, those were the
days.  I really wonder where those three went in life.  Edward, I imagine
went into computer sciences as he always dreamed of.  Edward really was a
whiz at computers.  Rob probably got that job as a translator for CSIS.  I
lost contact with Rob after he went on a one year exchange program to
Vienna, sure we wrote a few times, but that was it.  I don't know really
where Pawel would have gone.  He was pretty much an all round guy.  I
remember in the year of 1991 we worked on a game called "Black Powder"
together.  Black Powder was a great new type of online game.  It was based
in the year 1660, the players chose to be either Spanish, English, French
or Dutch Buccaneers and went around pillaging and plundering against other
players.  The game was even semi-historically accurate!  Like, we did some
research and everything but we had to make me changes to make it more
playable.  We had made provisions for 100 players.  It was quite an
interactive game.  We made pretty good money on that game if I remember
correctly.  As a matter of fact... oh no!  They're here already!  Boy, I
guess time goes past quickly when the brain fades into your past.  I'll put
on my housecoat and get the door.  Today should be a lot of fun, one more
memory to add to my collection. I wonder how many more memories I have
left...
