        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on book Gillian   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [by Laurel Oke Logan     ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:800   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                               G I L L I A N

     The book I read was Gillian, written by Laurel Oke Logan. This book is
about a girl who has just graduated from high school and is in the process
of looking for a job.

     Gillian has just graduated from high school.  She is so thrilled to go
to college and can not wait.  Well the day comes when she is to leave for
college.  She and her friends are going to have so much fun.

     As the years pass by she is doing very well in her classes, and before
she knows it, it is time for her to graduate from college.

     After graduation Gillian went home to her parents house.  She was a
little upset because she couldn't find a job and all of her friends had
found jobs.  When Gillian told her father how she felt he told her that
there was a woman who called him to see if she (Gillian) would be able and
willing to work at this camp in Canada in the kitchen.  At first Gillian
was very excited but when she began to think about it the whole idea scared
her to death. Going off to a place outside of the United States where she
had never been and leaving her family behind, she just didn't know if she
could go through with it.

     A few days after debating about going she called the lady and got more
information about it and she decided she would give it a try.  Gillian was
to leave in about five days so her mother and she went to go buy the right
clothes to wear in Canada and some other things she would need.  The day
finally came for Gillian to leave. As Gillian, her family and friends went
to her gate at the airport Gillian began to feel really nervous.  She said
good-bye to her family and friends and then she went off.  The flight to
Canada was very pleasant.

     When Gillian arrived at the camp she met some very interesting people.
Jake was an older man and when Gillian started to get to know everybody and
everything she got to know Jake.

     Gillian began to explore everywhere around her cabin.  She discovered
that she really loved the forest and the peacefulness in the area where the
camp was located.

     As the months went on she got to know the people better, she found out
that Jake was a Christian and so was her good friend Kyle.  Gillian didn't
really understand the whole idea about Christianity so she began to ask
Jake questions concerning the matter.  Well, in the mean time Randy, this
guy who is interested in Gillian, tried to tell her that Christianity was
all in their heads, but Gillian somehow knew that it wasn't.  A few days
later Gillian became a Christian.  She also found out that Kyle really
liked her and cared about her very much, but Kyle didn't want to get
involved with a non-christian.  When Kyle found out what happened he was
thrilled, especially for her because now she would spend eternal life with
Jesus.

     Kyle had a very good friend that was coming to visit him and it was a
woman.  During this time Kyle and Gillian were spending a lot of time
together.  Randy started getting so jealous of Kyle that he told Gillian
that Kyle and his so called friend were very close.  This really started to
bother Gillian.  Finally she got so sick of Randy telling her all this
stuff she decided to leave camp and forget about Kyle.  When Kyle found out
what Randy had done he and his friend raced down to the airport to catch
Gillian before she would leave.  Kyle caught up with Gillian and told her
that a few years back he had donated one of his kidneys to this girl and
ever since then they have been really good friends.  Gillian began to feel
foolish for the way she had acted towards the whole situation.  She asked
Kyle to forgive her and he did.

     Kyle said to Gillian that he had something very important to ask her,
he pulled out of his pocket a little box and when she opened it he said
"Will you marry me?" and she said "YES!"  So they flew home to tell her
parents and her friends that she was going to be married.  Gillian was so
very happy because she had found a wonderful man who loved her a lot and
she also found Jesus Christ as her personal Lord and Savior.

     I really enjoyed the book and recommend it to anyone who is interested
in romance stories.  It's a very interesting book and it keeps you going
because you never know what will happen next.
