        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Indians.       ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:580   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
TOLTECS>

  The Toltecs were an Indian tribe who existed from 900 A.D.  to 1200.
They had a capital city of Tollan, and their influences reached south to
the Yucatan and Guatemala. They were a composite tribe of Nahua, Otomi, and
Nonoalca.  The Tolt ecs made huge stone columns decorated like totem poles.

AZTECS>

  Aztecs were an American Indian people who rule an empire in Mexico during
the 1400's and early 1500's.  They practiced a religion that affected every
part of their lives.  To worship the Aztecs built towering temples, created
huge sculptures, and had human sacrifices.  The center of Aztec
civilization was a river valley in Mexico.  The emperor of the Aztecs was
called the "huey tlatoani" (great speaker).  A council of high-ranking no
bles chose him from the members of a royal family.     The Aztec society
had four main classes nobles, commoners, serfs, and slaves.  The typical
Aztec household consisted of a husband and wife, their unmarried children,
and a number of the husbands relative s.  Boys were educated by their
father until aboutn 10 years of age. The Aztecs married at an early age,
women at about 16, men at about 20. Warfare was considered a religious duty
by the Aztecs. They fought not only to enlarge their empire but also to
take prisoners to sacrifice to the gods.  The market place was a major
center of Aztec life, more than 60,000 people visited it daily.  They had
no system of money, they traded goods and services for other goods and
services.  They had no pack-animals, a nd as a result, they themselves had
to carry all their goods over land.  The end of the Aztec empire came when
the Spaniards came.  The first time the Spaniards were mistaken for
returning gods.  When they returned to Spain, they told of all the gold
that the Aztecs had.  The Spaniards returned one year later with canons and
they had the help of the other indian tribes of the area, in destroying the
Aztec empire.

MAYANS>

  The Mayan civilization flourished from the 3rd to the 16th centuries in
an a rea the included the peninsula of Yucatan and the eastern part of
Chiapas in Mexico, most of Guatemala, the western region of the Republic of
Honduras.  In the Spanish conquest only a few Mayans resisted the
conversion to Christianity. The Mayans believe d that 13 heavens were
arranged in layers above the earth, and under the earth were nine
underworlds also arranged in layers.  The concepts are closely related to
those of the Aztecs.  The religion has partly survived to this day among
the Christianized M ayans.  Mayan mathematics included the discovery of
zero, the duration of the solar year, and a method of predicting solar
eclipses.  Mayan cities were primarily ceremonial, government, and market
centers.  Sacrifices were numerous of animals, birds, inse cts, fish,
plants, blood from tongues, ears, arms, and legs.  For rain victims were
hurled into deep wells.  Drawing blood from bodies often preceded
ceremonies and sacrifices.  These practices had become so deeply rooted
that, even after the Spanish conq uest, Christian--pagan ceremonies took
place with sacrifices featuring heart removal or crucifixion.  The custom
of human sacrifice ended in 1868.  Ritual activities were complex, and
consisted of bloodletting from ears and tongues, sacrifices, and dances .
Every social group celebrated its own religious feast.  Sorcerers and
medicine men were both prophets and inflicters or healers of disease.
They used magic formulas, chants, and prayers for healing methods.

