        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [The 1900's of Canada    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1449  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Thesis

    Life in the 1900's  was depressing and was an era filled with extremely
hard and strenous work that didn't offer any future for the average
canadian in doing better. If you were an average wage earner you would be
virtually stuck in the same job for the rest of your life, while rich
maintained their wealth mainly caused by the low taxes. Living conditions
were poor for average canadians and even worse for the arriving immigrants.
At this time some of the modern convienences were just being invented and
even if it were for sale only the extremely rich had the option of
purchasing the items. Sports being very new, in the aspect of it being
organized was small time compared to present day. Travelling required time
and was uncomfortable. Only the rich could have the luxurious accomadations
for those long journeys. Many jobs were available to most people but you
were under constant scrutiny while working and would have to be willing to
do any thing the boss wanted. I believe my friends and I would most likely
resent and despise it if we had to live in the 1900's.

    During the 1900's horses played a significant role in the everyday
life. A horse drawn carriage would bring a docter to the house of where a
baby would be born. A hearse was pulled by horses to the cemetery when
somebody died. Farmers used them to pull their ploughs while town dwellers
kept them for transportation around town. Horses puled delivery wagons for
businesses such as bakery, dairy, and coal company. Horses pulled fire
engines through the streets in a fire emergency.

    The bicycle was widely accepted by canadians because of its easy
maintence compared to a horse. The bike allowed an option of
transportation. The bicycle also gave a sense of freedom to virtually
anybody willing to learn.
    
    Henry Ford revolutionized the world we live in by inventing the
"horseless carriage", if it had not been for him, instead of taking the GO
bus in the morning we'd be riding a horse named Wanda. Not only did his
invention offer a method of transportation to the public, but it helped
with our emergency services such as fire engines, police cars, and
ambulances. Now we have a large variety of cars to choose from varying in
size and price. He also brought a large profitable industry to North
America...The car industry. Back then there weren't many problems that they
created. Today, we have our deteriorating ozone layer, poisonous chemicals
that come from exhaust fumes (CO2)(Carbon Monoxide). Not to mention the
traffic accidents, parking problems and traffic jams in downtown Toronto.
    
    11 years previous to WW I Orville and Wilbur Wright made a successful
flight in the first airplane at the beach of Kitty Hawk, North Carolina.
Although the flight only lasted 12 seconds it would change the way we see
the world.

    The telephone allowed the houseneeds to be satisfied without leaving
they're homes. Women received an oppurtunity to work as a a switch board
operator.

    I don't know if I can stress the importance of Marconi's invention
enough. But I can say, that without it not only would there be no T.V. or
radio there would be a lot of unemployed people right now(even more
unemployed than now!!!). The reason for that is radio provides people with
jobs such as DJ's, musical programmers etc. Also, radio is a major form of
advertising, without it there would not be as many advertising agencies or
as many positions in this field. Without T.V., advertising agencies would
also face the same consequences. T.V. provides millions of people  with
employment in commercials, T.V. shows, and movies.

    Baseball was the most popular sport in the United States where the
World Series began in 1903. Tom Longboat was born in Brantford, Ontario and
was known for outrunning a horse over a 19 km coarse. He set a record of 2
hours, 24 min and 24 seconds when he ran the Boston Marathon.

    Jan 22/1901 Queen Victoria died at the age of 63 years. The Queens
reign stretched across the globe. With her death came modernization. In the
early 1900's horses were being used extensivley for all transportating
duties and some manual labor jobs. A few years later the bicycle hit Canada
and presented the Canadians with a better option of transportation mainly
because of the simplicity of maintence. During these other discoveries the
automobile was being perfected for use by the general public. By the 1920's
the automobile was no longer a rich man's toy and was being used by many
people. 1903 saw the first succesful flight fo the airplane bh Orville and
Wilbur Wright at Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. At about the same time
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in Nova Scotia. By the turn of
the century telephones had uses increased from ordering household goods to
supplying jobs for women and men. 1901, Signal Hill in St.John's
Newfoundland Guglielmo Marcone received the first radio signal sent across
the Atlantic Ocean. 20 years would elasped before radio broadcasting
becomes mass entertainment. First movies were seen in the 19th century. 20
years will pass till speaking films arrive. 1903 the United States had
their first World Series. In Canada, Tom Longboat was a famous runner who
was famous for running faster than a horse on a 19 km course. Later to be
proclaimed the worlds best marathoner. In the early 1900's modern
covienences were just being available like bathrooms, electric washing
machines, sewing machines, electric hearing aids, vacuum cleaners. The very
fortuanate who could afford these items would order them from the Eaton's
Catologue. All types of goods could be ordered in the Eaton's Catologue
from fence posts to fashionable hats. The time period between 1901 and 1911
almost 2 million people immigrated to Canada from Europe, Britain and the
United States. Due to the population growth, in 1905 Alberta and
Saskatchewan became apart of the Confederation. The railway boom in
1903-1904 helped elevate the employment. Materials needed to build the
railways and the transporting of the materials started the
industrialization. Urbanization led to a serious problem of overcrowding.
The three economic classes were the rich, average, and the immigrants. With
low taxes this allowed the rich to spend on frivalous items such as horse
and carriages. In contrast the average would only use their money for the
neccessities in survival. At the bottom were the immigrants that were
forced to live in unsanitary conditions and dank, damp basements. Not only
were there differences of wealth or lack of but there was a difference in
women and men's treatment. For example women did not have the freedom to
enter pool room's, taverns and even bowling allies. Choices for women were
working in stores and factories. Even if you came from a rich family your
choices would have been nursing or teaching. Coming from a poor family
women tended to just become a domestic servent. Women didn't have the right
to vote like the men. In 1876 Dr Emily Stowe formed Toronto Women's
Literary Club(TWLC). The purpose of this club was to inform  women of their
rights and to help secure women's rights. This group persuaded U of T to
admit women in 1866. Also improved wages and working conditions. Womens
Christian Temperence Union(WCTU) their goal was to combat problems created
by alcohol in the society. A great social speaker Nellie Mclung received
her start in WCTU to lead in the fight for equal freedom and for womens
rights.

Conclusion
    After discovering information about the 1900's I have come to the
conclusion that in the 1900's was both good and bad. It was good because of
the rising industries thus raising the economy. The main industries working
for Canada were the railways, and road building. These industries provided
needed jobs and the materials needed to complete these projects helped
Canada grow even more. Low taxes meant you could pay for more important
expenditures than paying to the government. The bad part of the 1900's was
the three living standards in how most people were the poor and very little
were rich. The modern convienences were not available to everyone in the
early 1900's because these devices would have been very expensive caused by
the newness of the products. Even though were guys I can see how women
would have despised the fact that you were not able to vote or enter any
buildings without checking it if it's not a tavern, pool room, and a
bowling alley. Due to these outsanding points that stuck first in my mind I
have changed my mind and believe it was both good and bad.
