        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on the Need      ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [for Censorship          ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 06/94  # of Words:728   School:Boys/Prep       State:CT
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    Recently we have been hearing a lot about the need for censorship of
television and recording industries. Whether it is the cartoon Beavis and
Butthead, the controversial television drama NYPD Blue or rap recording
artists, someone always s eems to arguing about their negative effects on
society and the need for government regulation.

    Being a fan of rap, I am particularly interested in issues effecting
regulation of the recording industry and rap artists.  Popular "gangsta
rappers" include Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dog, Tupac Shakur, Ice Cube, and Ice
Tea.  Many are outraged at the explicit lyrics of the songs and the
lifestyles of these artists.  Snoop Doggy Dog and Tupac Shakur are two of
the most publicized "gansta rappers" whose songs contain explicit lyrics
and  who have been indicted for  criminal activities.

    Snoop Doggy dog is a native of Long Beach, California. His mother named
him Snoopy because of his long face and droopy ears.  Growing up, Snoop was
a member of the Golgotha Trinity Baptist youth choir and an excellent
basketball player.  However , shortly after his graduation from high
school, he landed in jail for possession of cocaine. Recently Snoop was
arrested for murder.  On August twenty- fifth Snoop was driving his late
model Jeep in Palms, California.  He met up with Philip Woldemar iam, who
according to Snoop's attorney, had a long history of threatening Snoop.
Snoop's bodyguard shot Woldermariam twice in the back, killing him.  On
December eighth, Snoop was arraigned for murder, but later found innocent.
Many of the lyrics i n Snoop's songs degrade women, encourage the use of
marijuana and  glorify violence against authority.

    Another publicized case involves rapper Tupac Shakur. Many know him for
his starring role in the movie "Poetic Justice" with Janet Jackson.  Tupac
Shakur's song "Keep Ya Head Up" contains such lyrics as

        "I wonder why we take from our women Why we rape our women Do we
        hate our women? I think it's time we care for our women Time to
        heal our women."

Despite the lyrics encouraging men to respect women, Shakur was recently
arrested for sexually abusing a woman in a midtown hotel.  This arrest came
two weeks after Shakur was arrested for allegedly shooting two off duty
police officers after a traff ic dispute in Atlanta.

    Proponents of rap feel that all rappers are protected under the first
amendment.  They also feel that rap is a cultural art form, reflecting
ghetto life and that criticism of rap is another form of racism.  One of
the men who has been influential in speaking out against "gangsta rap", its
explicit lyrics and unworthy role models is the Reverend Jesse Jackson.
Jackson states," Anyone, white or black, who makes money calling our women
bitches and our people niggers will have to face the wrath of our
indignation."  The Reverend Calvin Butts, the minister of the Abyssinian
Baptist Church in Harlem, has also mounted a crusade against explicit
music.  Last summer he held a rally at which he ran over offending tapes
and CDs  with a steamrolle r.  The vice- president of the United States
wife, Tipper Gore, has launched her own crusade.  In her book, Raising PG
Kids in an X-rated Society , she takes the music industry to task for
glamorizing sex and violence in material targeted to kids. She has
encouraged record companies to label all albums and tapes that have
sexually explicit lyrics.   Also, radio stations such a KACE-FM  in Los
Angeles are adopting policies to ban all songs that degrade women or
promote drugs and violence.

    To determine the views of students here on the need for censorship of
the recording industry, I conducted a survey which posed the following
questions:

    1.  Do you listen to Rap music?  Seventy percent of the
        respondents indicated that they listened to Rap music
        on a regular basis.

    2.  Do you own any Rap CDs or tapes with explicit lyrics?
        Forty percent of those surveyed indicated that thy did.

    3.  Do you think Rap lyrics are a bad influence on society?
        Seventy-five percent believed that the lyrics had a
        negative influence on society.

    4.  Do you think that the government should censor Rap recordings?
        Only five percent of the respondents believed it was
        the government's  responsibity to censor Rap.

        One thing is clear and that is that there are strong opinions on
both sides of the issue.  In my opinion, the worst solution would be to
allow the government to legislate what can be written, what TV shows can be
aired and what music can be produced.  I believe the consumers and
producers should be charged with the ultimate responsibility of censorship.
Consumers are free to boycott literature, records and programs that they
deem  unacceptable and producers will be quick to respond when profits are
diminished.
