        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Cheltenham,   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [North of Toronto.       ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1170  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
              CHELTENHAM REPORT               May 24,1992
              *****************               ===========

                                     Part A
                                     ------


     Cheltenham is located in the town of Caledon. Cheltenham was found in
1822 by Charles Haines.  Cheltenham is located close to the Credit River
and the Canadian National Railway known as the C.N.R.  The absolute
location of Cheltenham is 43 45' North and 79 55' West.  The setting of
Cheltenham is a valley with the Nigara Escarpment behind it.  Cheltenham is
located at the south west point of Caledon. Cheltenham is located north of
Toronto.

     Now in 1989 Cheltenham is mostly residential.  There is some open
space but very little industry now.  There is one general store located in
the centre of cheltenham.  There is a cemetary located opposite of The Fire
Hall.

     Cheltenham was chosen as a town because of the Credit River and the
Canadian National Railway.  The railway produced trasportation for goods to
be delivered to other cities.  The cheap efficient rail transportation also
ment that Cheltenham's businesses had to compete against goods manufactured
by mass production in larger urban centers to the south.  Therefore the
economy of Cheltenham would rise.  The Credit River produce lots of Hydro
electric power for the people of Cheltenham.

    The two main reasons why the site was chosen for a town was the
transportation produced by the C.N.R. and the hydro electric produced from
the Credit River.

                             Part B
                             ------
    The land use at the mill pond area between 1850-1870 in Cheltenham was
mostly industrial uses.  Most of the industries or buildings were located
very close to each other because they all depended on each other.  The
industries in Cheltenham were located close to the Credit river.  The
buildings were small compared to the industries we have today.

    The mill pond cover an area in Cheltenham of one hundred by two hundred
meters.  There was once a dam and waterwheels in Cheltenham, but they are
now destroyed by a flood.  Surrounding the mill pond is a small area of
grassland.

    The types of industries in Cheltenham from 1850-1870 were a Flour and
grist Mill, a Cooper Shop, a Sawmill, a Slaughter House, a General Store, a
Blacksmith Shop, a Tannery, and three hotels.  The sawmill, Flour and Grist
Mill, and the cooper shop were located right beside each other.  The
tannery is just a little walk away.  They are located so close to each
other because they depended on each other.

    The blacksmith shop, the Orange hall, a store, Henry's hotel, and the
general store are located right beside each other.  Opposite to them are
another store, the Beaver hall, another General store, and two Hotels.
They are so close to each other because that is were all the tourists would
stay if they came to Cheltenham.  The stores would sell food to the people.
For example the people could leave their horse at the blacksmith shop to
get the shoes fixed while the man could go to the store to get a drink or
go to the hotel for a nap.

    The dam was used to stop the water from leaving the mill pond.   The
main purpose for the mill pond was to act as a reservoir  so the people the
Cheltenham  had a good supply of water whenever it was needed. The
reservoir can also be used as a place for fishing and recreation.

    These industries were developed  by early settlers because the location
was very close to a river.  When the settlers came to Cheltenham they saw
that Cheltenham had a river so they built a saw mill and a flour and grist
mill there to take advantage of the water power. The industries were
dependant on eact other. Thats why a group of industries would be built
beside or very close to each other. The cooper shop could get the wood from
the saw mill.

    The land at the mill pond is also very flat and wet.   Since the is a
river then the erosion brought by the river would make the soil around in
very fertile and damp.  The damp fertile soils were good for planting wheat
and other products.   If the workers at the saw  mill worked too  hard and
were very hot they could always jump into the river for a quick swim to
cool off.

    The main reason why the settlers built industries in Cheltenham was the
river located beside it.



                           Part C
                           ------

    The village of Cheltenham was a much more important commercial centre
in the 1870's than it is today because in the 1870's there was a railway.
It was called "The Canadian National Railway".  The  railway  provided
cheap  and  good transportation.  The railway delivered products made in
Cheltenham to many places.  The railway offered alot of jobs for the people
who lived in Cheltenham.  Many people from other places came on the train
and came to Cheltenham to buy things or to start a business of their own
because of the good transportation availible.

    There were lots of natural resourses availible there, but now the
resourses are used up and the railway has closed down so lots of people
lost their jobs.  Since there were no more jobs in Cheltenham then the
people moved to other prosperous cities. Since the people moved and there
was no more good transportation the owners of stores closed down and moved
also.

    When the Interprovincial Brick Company opened it did not effect
Cheltenham's population because most of the forty workers either lived at
the brickyards or commuted from nearby villages, such as Terra Cotta, but
the increased business was not enough to keep Cheltenham's general stores
and hotels going.  But there was a small rise in business caused by the
brick company.

                           Part D
                           ------

    The brickworks developed just outside of Cheltenham because the
Canadian National Railway is located right beside it.  The railway was a
good type of transportation.

    If the brickworks were to open again as maybe planned it might raise
the economy of Cheltenham.   The population would rise because there would
be more jobs offered there than before. Since our technology has increased
we don't have to use the railway.  We can use other transportation such as
trucking and airplane.

    I think even if the brickworks do open it won't help Cheltenham too
much because there is now to much competition in making bricks for houses.
Most of the people now like to live in the city because they can get what
ever they want, but if they move into the town then they won't have as much
entertainment. If the brickworks do open again I don't think it will not be
bad for Cheltenham infact it would benefit Cheltenham.  Since Toronto is so
densely populated many people can move to Cheltenham if they like the
country life and the fresh air to start a new life. But after a few years I
think the brickworks will go out of business again because Cheltenham is
too far from the city and like I said there is too much competition in
making bricks.
