        ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ                            ÜÜÜ           ÜÜÜÜ
     ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßÛßßßßßÛÛÜ       ÜÜßßßßÜÜÜÜ ÜÛÜ  ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÛßß ßÛÛ
    ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ßÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÜÛÛÜÜÜ   ßÛÛÛÛÜ ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÛÛÜÜÜÛÛÝ Ûß
        ßßßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÞÝ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßßÛÜÞÛÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛÛÜ    ßßÛÛÛÞß
Mo.iMP  ÜÛÛÜ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝÛ  ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ    ÞÛÛÛÛ     ÞÛÛÛÛÛÝ      ßÛß
      ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ     ÛÛÛ       ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
     ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ       ß        ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛ
    ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ               ÞÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß
   ÜÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÜÜ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ ÛÛÞÛÛÛÛÛÝ               ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛßß
  ÜÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÛÛÛÛÜÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÞÛ ßÛÛÛÛÛ           Ü   ÛÝÛÛÛÛÛ             Ü
 ÜÛ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ßÛÜ  ßÛÛÛÜÜ    ÜÜÛÛÛß ÞÛ ÞÛÛÛÝ         ÜÜÛÛ
ÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ßÛÜ  ßßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß ÜÜÜß ÛÛÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛß
 ßÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛß       ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ßßÜÜ ßßÜÛÛßß  ßÛÛÜ   ßßßÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßß
    ßßßßß                ßßÛÛß      ßßßßß        ßßßßßßßßßßßßß
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay about the Three   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Important Qualities of  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Jesus Christ's Life.    ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 06/94  # of Words:1455  School:All Boys/Prep   State:CT
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>Chop Here>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    Ever since Jesus was born, he has always been perfect.  There have
never been any flaws that had to do with him.  He had many different
characteristics and qualities that w ere unique about himincluding
holiness, purity, faithfulness, mercifulness, grac e, righteousness, love,
integrity, divinity, and courageousness.ÐThere is nothin g that is more
powerful than that of the triunity, which consists of God the Fat her, God
the Holy Spirit, and God the Son.  This report deals mostly with God th e
Son, which is Jesus. Jesus has all these qualities and we are supposed to
be f ollowing in His footsteps. Most Christians try as hard to have these
great chara cteristics, but there is no possible way that we could achieve
such a goal.  It is impossible for humans to reach that goal.  It says in
the Bible "For everyone falls short of the glory of God.".  That right
there is enough proof to show th at we are not worthy of his presence. God
is of the Spirit.  He is not made of matte r and mind, and he does not
possess a physical nature.  Some think that God is t hat of a human. There
is no possible way that this could be, because in John 4:24 J esus speaks
"God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and
truth.".  Even though Jesus had flesh was of the Spir it he still did have
matter.  He had flesh which ismatter.  In this flesh was ve ry important
qualities.  God still possesses all of these qualities even though He does
not have flesh.  These characteristics would fit for either God the Fath
er, ŒGod the Son, or God the Holy Spirit.  They all work in the triunity
and have these qualities even though one might display it in a different
manner than the other.     In the thirty©three years of Jesus' life, He had
three very important characteristics that are something we all should try
and  followÐ Love liness, Faithfulness, and Forgiveness. Very often when
people think of Love, they think of Jesus.  In John 4:8,16 it says that God
is love.  This i s a paraphrase but it is still stating something that is
very important.  That v erse shows that Jesus had (and still does) mercy
and compassion for us.Another v erse that shows that God's love as apparent
is John 3:16,"For God so loved the w orld that he gave his only begotten
son that who believes in him will not perish but have everlasting life.".He
has so much l ove for us that he even gives us life.  He could just let us
Christians live our own life but, He helps us out with His great grace.
Grace is part of the wh ole effect of God's love.  Basically what grace is,
is way that God deals with u s.  It has nothing to do with what we deserve
or basis of merit, but it is givin g out by how much we need.  God deals
with them according to his goodness and ge nerosity.  That seems similar to
benevolence, but it isn't. Jesus' grace is real ly shown in the New
Testament.  In Exodus 34:6it says "The Lord, the Lord, a God merciful and
gracious...".  In Ephesians 2:7©9 it says, "For it is by grace you have
been saved, through faith©and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of
God©not by works, so that no one can boast.  In those verses it Œis saying
that God is allowing us to be saved. He doesn't have to save us; He could
just let u s all go to hell, but he gives each and everyone of us a chance
to accept Him. The list goes on and on of different verses in the Bible
that shows us of God'sg race.  God's grace is related to the Mercy that He
gives us too.

    Jesus' mercy was his loving, compassion, tenderheartedness.He has a
very tender heart toward the need y. That is the kind of mercy that Jesus
has for ALL of us.  We are supposed to f ear God and Jesus and then they
will pity those who fears them.  If they did not pity us and have mercy on
us we would not be alive.  They would have let us die by now.  They cannot
stand to be in the sinning world that we live in.  They wo uld just do away
with us if they didn't care about us.  Because of all of this c are He has
for us I feel that we need to have faith in Him.   If God i s really to be
true and we believe that He is, then His faith in us has been pro ven.  He
is all powerful and He would never do something that could proven not t o
be true.  Jesus had faith in us in many ways.  His father has one big
example of faith.

    This example was the time in which Abraham was to sacrifice his son
Isaac on the alter.  God said that he (Isaac) would be very  important in
years to come.  Fi rst of all Abraham didn't believe that a son would be
sent to him, and one was. Abram didn't have faith in God but God had faith
and said that a child would co me, and a child did come.  Now that he was
on the alter God relieved Abraham fro m killing his son by having a sheep
walk by in which he was commanded to sacrifi ce instead of the son. Abraham
showed Œa lot of faith in God by believing Him t hat he was right in what
he was doing.  I think that that was a very brave thing by Abraham to do.
He must have had all the faith that you can in God, because in a situation
like that I don't know what I would do.  If we believe and have f aith in
God and Jesus we will be forgiven of our sins, in which is another great
quality of Jesus   "But with you there is forgivenessÄ; therefore you are
feared." (Psalm 130:4).  If you believe in the Bible that verse should let
you know that Jesus and His father does forgive us. "O'Isreal, put you hope
in the Lord, for with the Lord is unfailing love and with him is full r
edemption." (Psalm 130:7)  I feel that both of those verses are very strong
in t heir speaking of forgiveness.  The Lord will forgive us of all of our
sins whene ver we ask for forgiveness.

    This is all because of when Jesus died on the cross for our sins.He
took all of the sins of the world upon Him at that time.  If He wouldn't
have been crucified we would not ever be able to go into heaven because we
would always have sin wi th us.  Jesus cannot be in the presence of sin now
that he has resurrected and i s back in heaven.  When our sins are forgiven
they are completely forgotten. They are thrown as far as the East is from
the West.      All of these qualitie s that I have talked about are very
important but there are many more.  There are numerous characteristics of
Jesus.  These three that I spoke of where just s ome of the ones that I
felt were very important.  I am not saying that there are ones that aren't
important, I was saying that these were three that were very important to
me.  As you can see, these three qualities were things that were v ery
apparent in His life.
