        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [An Essay about the      ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Chemical Process        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [of Cold Fusion.         ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 06/94  # of Words:596   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Cold Fusion
Abstract

    Cold fusion was first discovered in 1988 two weeks before easter.
Fusion is the combination of two atoms.  The sun fuses hydrogen and helium.
For many years mankind has been experimenting in the field of fusion in
order to harness its energy efficie ntly.  Cold fusion is made in a test
tube at room temperature according to Dr. B. Stanley Pons and Dr. Martin
Fleischman, the inventors.  As of today, there is no hard evidence of cold
fusion at room temperature.  When this was first discovered, Pons and
Fleischman pointed out that a power source the size of a cigarette lighter
could power the entire city and the top 10 feet of Lake Michigan could
power the entire world for the next 15,000 years.  There still is hope
thought that they could crea te cold fusion and room temperature and Pons
and Fleischman are researching it today.

Detailed Description of Chemical Process
    The theory to how this fusion works is the Muon Theory.  The muon
theory is as follows:  Speeding muons knock electrons out of their orbits
around deuterium and tritium atoms.  Muons replace the electrons and form a
smaller atom.  This "muo-atom" the n captures another nucleus.  The muon
orbits more tightly around the two captive nuclei leading them to overcome
their natural repulsion of each other and fuse.  This reaction produces a
larger nucleus that almost immediately shatters, releasing ener gy.  It
also frees the muon, which can then repeat the cycle, causing several
hundred more such fusions.

        The fact that the muon is 207 times heavier than an electron gives
support for this theory.  A nuclei is orbited by an electron making a
mini-solar system.  If a muon is shot at the nuclei, it will bump the
electrons into a smaller orbit and replace their orbit with muons.  This
then closes tightly around the atom, crushing the atom and nuclei together
close enough to fuse.  This creates energy and frees the muon thus starting
this sequence all over again until the muon decays, which is about 2
millionths of a second, or sticks to another particle that is ejected by
fusion. Pons and Fleischman have been the only one to record this
phenomenon.  They have also been rejected by many because of this rare
phenomenon that only they have experienced.  Whether or not they did or did
not, future experimentation may provide answe rs to the energy crisis of
today.

Detailed description of application of process
    The impact of such an efficient source of energy would be enormous to
say the least.  Large, unsafe nuclear powerplants such as the one Smud is
operating could be replaced by cold fusion at a small fraction of the cost
it is today.  A "Puff"(Pons/Uta h/Fleischman/ Fusion) engine was supposed
to be operating today if they were successful although they have run across
many problems.  Had a Puff engine been created, it would have to release a
minimal amount of radiation for widespread use of it.  Wh en they first
reported their results, they predicted that Puff automobiles would already
be made public, Puff aircrafts would already be flying overhead, and Puff
heating plants would already be installed in homes.  They also predicted a
Puff powerpl ant with more than 100M Watts capacity by 1994 and a space
rocket by 1995.

Impact of application of process on Society
    The greatest impact of this Puff era would be the money which would be
saved.  People were predicted to flock towards this new invention, had it
been working.  It may still work in the future yet there is little hope in
the eyes other scientists.  Th e greatest solution something like this
could provide would be its help to the environment.  Every day the earth is
losing more and more of it's natural, irrevocable recourses.

Sources

Martin L. Buchanan, "The Consequences of Clean Cold Fusion"  Binn Corp
        1989


Matt Rhodes, "Re:Consequences of Clean Cold Fusion"  MIT Lincold Laboratory
        1989


Rob Thurlow, "CBC's The Journal report, APR.  20(was Re:Inside story.), Rob
        Thurlow  1989


Andrew Palfreyman, "Re: Cold fusion and Japan", Stanford  1989


Sean M. Bossinger, "More information on Fusion at the University of
        Florid", UF CIS Department  1989


Martin L. Buchanan, "radiation, shielding"  Martin L. Buchanan 1989
