        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Communication processes ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Between people          ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:804   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    In today's hustle and bustle of everyday life, men, women, and children
walk past one another without even a friendly smile or hello. As global
technology grows, communication between individuals gets more distant and
less personal.  Even in families, messages are left on the answering
machine or as notes on the fridge.  Therefore, with todays' highly
competitive technological world, it is vital to receive and maintain some
old-fashioned inter-personal communication.

    Communication throughout history progresses from face-to-face to smoke
signals, to the Pony Express to Canada Post, to the telephone to telex
machines to modems.  The fax machine is so impersonal that neither voice
nor hand writing are used, and personality is lost.  Now a video link where
the person can see the caller and feel a personal touch, is trying to
re-establish the original methods while using high-tech systems.  Thus, as
technology increases, we can clearly see attempts to get back to the "old
way" through usage of time saving methods.

    One benefit of high-tech communications systems is the ability to make
previously impossible communications possible.  Think of the father and son
separated by an ocean, one in England, the other in Newfoundland.  This is
where the telephone plays a role.  It facilitates an almost instantaneous
connection at a reasonable cost, and bridges a gap.  Fortunately, this is
now made possible by satellite systems launched into orbit by a recently
developed rocket deployment system. Aside from this, people should attempt
to communicate with people in their immediate surroundings more often, and
use the more up-to-date technology sparingly, and only when appropriate.

    If a walk is taken down the street, or perhaps a ride on the subway,
there will always be people seen with "Walkmans" or similar escapism
devices.  People are turning off the world, blotting it out, and turning to
their own drummer.  This in turn, affects their listening skills.  In fact,
listening to a "Walkman" over the halfway point for more than forty minutes
a day, three days a week, is a leading contributor to permanent hearing
loss.

   This syndrome can also be taken relate to television watching,
especially in this day and age when we have "Much Music" broadcast all over
the country.  A short attention span and a lack of concentration are other
factors in this ongoing problem.  With the introduction of the remote
control television, not more than fifteen years ago, people have had the
opportunity to change stations as soon as the action isn't as fast as
they'd like it, or to skip over commercials.  So, it affects other people
too, as they have to put up with those who only hear them when they want
to, or on the second time around.

    Also, on dates, couples are turning more and more to impersonal
activities and lifestyles like being entertained by all the latest
high-tech equipment such as video games, computers and movies.  This
doesn't promote much conversation, because each person is just sitting,
watching, as if they were there alone.  Married couples often spend most of
their day working, so they have less time to talk. Families should set
aside a time for some informal talk each day, where they're away from the
television and similar distracting devices.  Sitting down with the family
for dinner is a good time to talk.  It is actually quite helpful for family
members to listen to one another, and share concerns, instead of grazing
from the fridge with no communication.

    It is important, to take a time-out to sit down and think about the
effects of a lack of communication upon one's self and others. First of
all, it promotes an impression of little self-worth.  This is due to a
deficient element of thought and a lack of sharing of feelings between
people.  Next, it affects others by making them think that you don't care
about, or even think of them enough to bother to get together for a little
discussion.  All these difficulties can be mended by a little time to
listen, to think, to speak, and to share.
   
    In conclusion, it is clearly evident that people require to escape 
from the sequence of artificial methods of relation, and get back to 
the original, most beneficial ways.  It can be easily seen that this 
method provokes more thought and creativity in both parties. Hand 
movements, tone of voice and facial expressions come into play.  In 
personal communication, these elements of body language relay at least 
75% of the message received.  Thus, on a one to one basis, messages 
are personalized with the addition of body language, and the 
personality and feelings of the speaker are received by the listener.  
So, you can't hide your face behind the anonymity of the phone or the 
paper, but are forced to feel and grow with the situation of reality.
