        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
        мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [About Future Jobs which ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [involve some kind of    ]
 [x]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [computers.              ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:560   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    Computer consulting is one of the important if not the most important
job of our time.  Computers are the future whether we like it or not.  Some
people dislike computers, because of the complications it takes to
understand the basics.  Computers are not exactly the easiest tools to work
with, but they are the most rewarding, and they are the future.  Future
cars will all be run by computer.  You will be able to talk to a car and it
will take you to your destination.  Telephones are technically
computerized. You will soon be able to talk to a person on the telephone as
well as look at the person you are talking to on a television set.  Also
television is computerized.  Soon we will have true three dimensional
television.  We will be able to watch television like we never have watched
it before.  We will be able to touch the characters, and feel the
characters like they were in the room with you.  For people who don't know
much about computers, you will be lost in the future.  You should learn
what you can while you still have the chance, because things will develop
to quickly for you and you will not be able to cope with new technological
events.  Computer consulting is a job, I have chosen long before the
advances of technology.  And now it has paid off.  I now have a business of
my own, working as a computer consultant.  I assist others in learning
about computers to be able to operate more efficently in their everyday
jobs.  Computers will fall into careers and our everyday life more rapidly
then you think. Perhaps you would like to be a teacher.  You will store all
class data, students work, names, grades, records all accessible by
computer.  Or, how about a doctor.  You will use computers to examine and
evaluate a patients problem quicker and more efficiently.  These are only a
few examples.  The bottom line is, computers provide worthwhile careers.

     Having a job that involves computers, in terms of the conditions, is
very much similar to any office job.  In most of the common jobs, the
worker will get to an office in the morning, sit at a desk, in front of a
computer, and will do very little manual labor except a lot of typing.

     For example, the computer consultant we have already mentioned, might
do several jobs, a few being:  Traveling to clients computers, writing
customized programs, repairing computer parts, and teaching/ guiding
students in learning.  Only the repair aspect of this job, would require
actual manual labor.  However, computers and computer parts are so well
built and shall continue to be even more well built, that repair is only a
small fraction of a consultant's daily routines.

     Overall, conditions for the majority of jobs dealing mainly with
computers, shall include very little manual labor, unfavorable conditions,
and much knowledge, typing skills, and good communication skills in dealing
with people.

     With computers and the computer industry being the most rapidly
changing industry and product in the world, the job outlook for any job
dealing with computers or the industry is almost completly unpredictable.

     However, with the computer industry only being around for a short
period of time compared to the other industries of the world, we can still
get a somewhat accurate idea of where the industry is heading based on the
amount of change already inccured by the technology.

     Firstly, computers have, over the years, been taking control of more
and more of the dealings of human everyday life, and because of efficiency
they have proven, it would be likely to assume that one major change of the
computer industry from today until tomorrow will be control of more and
more of our everyday life.  For example, not only will our coffee be made
by automatic machines, like Mr. Coffee, but also, we will no longer have to
input the grounds, and the water to make the coffee.  Computers shall be
controlling the temperature of the coffee, to know when to stop it, thus
eliminating our having to turn off the machine.

     Therefore, the outlook on the jobs relating to computers in the
future, shall be not only enlarged in field, but also will encompass more
aspects of everyday life than anything before in history, except for maybe
sleeping.  By this, it is meant that computers will not just be something
that you choose to know or learn in the future, but something that will
just be part of everyone's common sense and knowledge.

     Because computers are so rapidly changing not only in their technology
but also the amount of job fields they create, earnings is yet another
difficult aspect of computers to predict.

     As of now, because computer knowledge is so valuable in today's
business world, salaries are quite favorable.  This along with the job
conditions mentioned earlier in this report contribute greatly to a desire
of possessing computer knowledge.

     To give you an idea of a few of the actual jobs involving computers,
and the salaries that they provide, one existing job, and the salary it
provides will be discussed in detail.

     A computer programmer, one who designs programs (the directions for a
computer to follow), usually will work for a company or a large cooperation
in designing a program that will be specifically made for that business's
applications.  This would not only make the business more efficent, but
also save losts of money for the business.  The computer programmer is
usually an independant contractor who chooses jobs he might enjoy doing.
These programmers usually are paid between 200 and 800 dollars per hour for
their time at their computer inventing these programs which will later run
an entire business.

     Computers, providing such a variety of different jobs, overlaps into
many many other related occupations.

     Because of the astounding amount of parts computers play in job fields
today, only two very different related occupations shall be discussed.

     A doctor 30 years ago depended greatly on his own accuracy in
performing difficult surgery.  However, today doctors rely greatly on
computerized medical equipment programmed by computer programmers to
operate on a patient.  Computers are almost 50% more accurate than a
doctor's own human skill, which allows for human error where computers are
not human so this factor does not exist, hence making them that much more
efficient.

     A car machanic used to rely on an experienced ear to determine if a
car was out of tune.  However, in today's modern times, a mechanic can even
deaf, and still more accurately determine whether a car is out of tune than
that same mechanic who might even have 50 years ex- perience.  Again, the
reason -  computers.  Now most modern mechanic shops have in use, highly
sophisticated machines which run soley on computers to determine a car's
status, simply by being hooked up to a car's exhaust pipe, thus eliminating
having to remove any parts of the car, thus not only providing more
efficiency, but also saving time in putting parts back on a car.

     Computers, being highly sophisticated tools, accordingly are difficult
to learn and even more so when a person has had no exposure to them in the
past.

     Many computer courses are being offered to cover the many professions
that computers rule.  Also if one was desirous of entering the computer job
field, it would be highly recommended that the person started taking
classes on computers as early as possible, as the younger you are the more
simple it is to learn something unfarmiliar. Because of this computers are
being taught in schooling as early as elementary levels.  High school would
be the latest starting point, if offered, to begin computer friendliness.
High school courses mainly are compossed of programming languages which not
only is excellent in providing one with the basic knowledge to enter the
programming field, but also gain a better understanding of the computer and
its attributes.
