        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Notes on the Book The   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Crucible                ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:724   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
PART B

   Arthur Miller was an American play writer and novelist. He was born in
   New York on Oct. 17, 1915, and attended the University of Michigan. He
   began his career as a radio script writer. As his lifestyle began to
   calm down, Miller decided to marry Inge Morath.

   Arthur Miller was well regarded as an excellent American writer. In fact
   some critics consider him as having the most serious attempt to gain as
   much attention as the Greek and Elizabethan writers did. His talent of
   writing began to exceed standards set by other american writers, and
   this allowed him to become a two time winner of the New York Drama
   Critics Circle Award. His awards did not distract him from his work, as
   he continued to win awards such as the Pulitzer Prize, [from the story:
   Death of a Salesman (1949)] and the Antoinette Perry Award. Of all these
   awards, the one that he may value the most is the gold medal that he was
   awarded for dramatic arts from The National Institute of Arts and
   Letters in 1959.

   As an American writer, Arthur Miller published dramas including:

      All My Sons (1947)
      Death of a Salesman (1949)
      The Crucible (1953)
      A View from the Bridge (1955)
      A Memory of Two Mondays (1955)
      After the Fall (1963)
      Incident at Vichy (1964)
      The Price (1968)
      The Creation of the World and Other Business (1972)

   Arthur Miller's first and only screenplay that he produced was released
   in 1960, and was called "The Misfits", starring Marilyn Monroe. He also
   wrote a short story called "I Don't Need You Any More", in 1967. His
   novels included:

      Focus (1945)
      In Russia (1969)
      In the Country (1969)

   Arthur Miller lead an exciting and most interesting lifestyle. For
   further information on his life, there is a published autobiography on
   Arthur Miller, and it is called "Timebends".



PART A

Question #9

Salem & The Puritans

   Salem was originated by the puritans in the early 1600's, and is part of
   the Massachusetts Bay Colony. It originated eight years after The
   Mayflower's journey to the "New world". The Mayflower was the first ship
   to bring settlers to the Massachusetts area. The new group of settlers
   that came, consisted of Puritans.

   These People were in search of religious freedom ever since the late
   1500's, during the time of King James I. They thought that the church of
   England treated its people unfairly, and thus disapproved of the church,
   believing that it needed "Purification". As the people belonging to this
   Puritan group became stronger in spirit and size, they decided to make a
   request to King James I to start up their own religious group and make
   their own version of the bible. The Kings reply at this time was a mere
   approval, but later this caused controversy, and the Puritans were
   forced to be taken to the "New world", or face persecution. The first
   settlement found by the Puritans was Jamestown, located in Virginia.
   Other settlements were also founded by the Puritans this way, one being
   Boston.


Salem Witch Hunts

   In reality, the story of "The Crucible" is a recreation of certain
   events that went on during the early 1700's. Because of dramatic
   purposes, some of the characters characteristics have been combined into
   one character. The number of people in certain scenes have been reduced.
   Only the main ones were kept to keep the point of the story stable. Some
   of the main characters lived the same lives as told in the story, and
   unfortunately some died the same way also.

   There are many legends of witchcraft in the Salem area. Most of them are
   true, but as time passed on the outline changed. In "The Crucible" it
   was noted that Parris was voted from office, and never really heard of
   again. Abigale on the other hand turned up becoming a prostitute in
   Boston.

   Twenty years after the executions of Salem, the government allowed the
   victims that were still alive certain compensations. Even though all
   seemed to be resolved, it was evident around the town that witchcraft
   was still going on, and that some of the truth was still not heard of.
   Some of the homes of the victims that were dead remained uninhabited for
   more than a century. This all remained a mystery, as witchcraft in
   Massachusetts was not over for a long time.
  
         
