        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Understanding Behavior  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of a Person's State of  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [mind.                   ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:613   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Understanding Behavior

   The behavior of a person can usually be explained by that person's state
of mind.  The external conduct is almost always directly linked to internal
emotions.  Knowing this fact is very beneficial to someone like a guidance
counsellor because it lets him or her almost "read" the physchlogical state
of a student based entirely on their behavior.  In Darlene's case her
behavior has been very well documented making the task of phsycological
assesment a much easier job.  There are many facets to Dralene's behavior,
each revealing a different part of her state of mind.  Judging from the way
she dresses and is groomed it appears as if she comes from a family less
wealthy than most of the other children at her school.  This has probably
been a factor in her sullen behavior.  Because she can't afford more
expensive clothes, she has been put into a different social class than most
of her peers.  It is known that all humans have an emotional need to be
"accepted" by their peers but unfortunat for Darlene, being accepted is a
need that she has not satisfied due to her lack of wealth.  Darlene also
expressed that this form "classism" against her was apparent at sunday
school.  It was so great in fact that she actually quit the classes to get
away from the sunday school "snobs".

   It should come as no surprise that Darlene has also expressed a desire
to quit highschool as well.  This may also explain her reluctance to join
any clubs and the way she anticipates unfriendly reactions from people she
meets.      Darlene's teachers agree that although Darlene has an above
average intellect, she still only aquires average marks.  I believe this
problem can be traced to her parents.  It si known that Darlene's parents
keep Darlene in 6 days of the week, and when they do let her out she must
be home at ten.  It is also known that Darlene must do alot of housework on
the weekends if she wants to get her weekly allowance and that her parents
do not approve of her friends.  Darlene's poor pe nce in school may very
well be Darlene's way of "getting back" at her parents.  By getting average
marks she is trying to tell her parents that keeping her in and being so
restrictive of her social activities won't help her school work, it will
only make it worst.  I will assume that Darlene also feels like her parents
don't pay enough attention to her.  Both her parents probably work,
explaining why Darlene has so many responsibilities at home, and neither of
them likely have much time to spend with their daughter.  Darlene would
also like more freedom to do go out and choose friends. The physological
needs Darlene lacks are social acceptance, attention from her parents and
freedom.  If I were to advise Darlene on a course of action it would be to
discuss the problem with her parents and not to try and hurt them by doing
poorly in school because that is not hurting her parents, it is only
hurting her.  I would tell her that the only person in the world Darlene
can change is herself.  I would also tell Darlene that any peer that does
not like her based solely on how much money she has is not worth having as
a friend.  I would tell her to ignore people who treat her badly becuase of
her lack of wealth and eventually they will stop annoying her because they
will not get any reaction from her.  Darlene will have to work on her
attitude though, so she can be more sociable and more accepted.
