        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
        мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Phylisophical View of   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [the Disproof and Proof  ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [of Everything.          ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:2021  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                 The Disproof (and proof) of Everything

     Since the beginning of time, men (I'm speaking of the human race, this
is not sexist in anyway because women are included in this too) have
pondered our existence and purpose, as well as the nature of the world we
live in. This is perhaps the single most time consuming thought we ever
have for most people live their entire lifetimes without finding the answer
or even coming close to one. I myself have pondered this question for most
of my life, until recently when I used some odd (but logical) logic to come
up with a strange conclusion: Nothing exists, and everything exists, for
everything is possible all at the same time.

     Now, by now the reader of this paper is thinking "How is this
possible?" or "This guy should be locked up!". Therefore, I plan to explain
how I reached this conclusion in this paper. However, I must give fair
warning, that some of the logic I used is strange and complex. If you have
any doubts about your mental health, or are unsure of your capacities and
limitations in any way, please do not read this, or at least do not take it
seriously. For those of you who feel you can handle this, read on. Now, let
us start at the most logical place to begin, the beginning.

                            What is reality?
                                    
     Well, there are many explanations and theories about this, but I based
mine on what I can observe and how I perceive things as a whole. Reality,
as we know it seems to be made up of various dimensions. Most people will
say reality is three dimensional, but it's really more than that. Time is
often considered a fourth dimension, and some people say that there are at
least eight known dimensions, possibly as many as thirty. However, it will
be easier to start with dimensions from the ground up. Let us start with
zero dimensions. A zero dimensional reality is a point. It does not extend
in any direction, it is one point, there are no alternatives at all. This
is the only type of reality in which a "fact" as we know it really exists.
It either is or it isn't. Now, try to imagine a line. Well, there are
several types of lines. There are infinite lines, which extend in both
directions forever, and lines with one limit, and lines with two limits.
Infinity with limits is still infinity. Suppose the line is limited, and is
a certain length, not extending forever. This is a one dimensional reality,
you can go one way, or the other. Now, how many points (zero dimensional
realities) are on the line? Infinite. No matter how short the line is,
there's always an infinite number of points. Ok, now on to two dimensions.
Two dimensional realities are planes. They're flat level surfaces. How many
lines are on a plane? Infinite. So, a two dimensional reality is infinity
squared zero dimensional realities. Likewise, three dimensions is an
infinite number of planes, and four is an infinite number of three
dimensional realities. Therefore, there are somewhere between infinity to
the 8th and infinity to the 30th zero dimensional realities in our
universe.

                       What is infinity good for?

     Now that is a good question. What does a universe do with infinite
realities? It fills them up. Now, this means to fill up infinite realities,
you must have infinite possibilities. So, there are an infinite number of
realities in which an event happens, and an infinite number in which it
doesn't happen. This is true of every event. The reason we don't perceive
it this way, is because our perception is limited. For instance, we do not
perceive time as a dimension like height and length and width. This is
because we are moving along time in one direction, and cannot sense changes
in it. Therefore, events do not just happen for one instant, we only
perceive them for one instant as we move along the positive time axis.
Therefore everything that ever happened, and everything that will still
exists, we just don't see it. So, one can conclude that it is reasonable
that we may jump from one reality to another as we move along time.
Therefore, nothing is a fact, whether it has happened, is happening, or
will happen. Everything is just an expression of probability with no one or
zero value. So, there is such a thing as infinite improbability, and
infinite probability. But not definite probability and definite
improbability. So, the probability of an event occurring is 1/infinity to
1-1/infinity.

    What does infinite improbability and infinite probability imply?

    Well, infinite improbability and infinite probability are found when
infinite possibilities are present. If I toss a six sided standard die in
the air, what is the probability that it will come up with six dots on top?
Well, most people will immediately say 1/6. This is not true. Why? Because
when you calculate probability as we are taught, we immediately rule out
the improbable, but not impossible outcomes. It is possible that the die
will be destroyed by say a laser before it lands, or a meteor may pass by
the earth and disrupt gravity, causing the die to fly into orbit, or the
laws of physics may change for an instant causing who knows what to happen.
The point is, there are an infinite number of things that could possibly
happen, and therefore an probability and improbability factor which
includes improbability and probability factors from other events happening.
Therefore something can be improbable but not impossible. This may help to
explain quantum physics, where things behave in strange ways they should
not, at least not by the laws of physics as we know them. It may be, that
when examining things on the quantum scale, we are actually observing the
behavior of particles as we shift from one reality to another where the
laws of physics are slightly different in each. Therefore, nothing has to
behave the same way all the time. As soon as you're not watching it, it
could do something entirely different.

  What about all those theories and formulas people have come up with?

     Well, when someone creates a theory or formula to explain something,
they're giving you something that gives an approximate description of that
event. Theories and formulas are never 100% perfect. For example, if you
graph the behavior of an object as it moves, and you write an equation to
explain the graph that you see, you do not take into account behavior
outside that range of the graph. There may be subtle changes that would
wreak havoc with your equations if you only knew about them. But you don't.
Why? Because it's impossible to graph something for an infinite amount of
time with infinite detail. For example, Newton's theories are pretty good,
the held up when we went to the moon. However, over large (interstellar and
intergalactic) distances, they won't be perfect. Also, flaws in them become
more apparent as you approach the speed of light, and they're only
reasonably correct up to about 80% the speed of light. Einstein was even
closer. His theories on relativity are very precise, and they work well,
but they are still probably flawed at some point. Chaos theory may be even
closer, but since it is generated by people and machines made by people, it
won't be perfect. In short, our chaos is really too structured to explain
the structure of the universe, which is chaotic.

                                    
                           What about paradox?
                                    
     Well, paradox deals with a conflict in events. For instance, it has
been theorized that time travel is possible. This presents the question of
"What if someone goes back and changes something?", and more importantly,
"What if they mess up and prevent their own birth? How will they ever
travel back in time to do it?". Well, this is the classic example of
paradox. Now, based on the model of reality described so far, how would we
explain what happens with a paradox. Well, if we constantly move along the
positive time axis, and there are an infinite number of divergences or
"forks in the road" for each event, then it is logical to assume that one
who goes back along the time axis and alters an event will follow a
different pathway then they did the first time around. Therefore, a paradox
will is not likely to destroy the universe, rather, you would find yourself
in a reality that changed from the point at which you altered it.
Therefore, this means reality can even loop back on itself, and still
function just fine. There would merely be another set of infinite realities
coexisting with the original set, with the defining event being your
alteration of another event.

How does all this apply to everyday life, and what does it all mean to us?

     This is probably the most important question of all. What does it all
mean; how does it apply to me. Well, from what we have seen, our chaos is
too logical to explain the logic of a reality that is chaotic. Also,
nothing is impossible, some things are merely more improbable than others.
Therefore, reality is most likely going to be exactly as how you perceive
it. So, basically, nothing is definite at all. So, what should one do with
one's life in such a strange reality? Well, the only answer I could come up
with is: Whatever you want. It seems that the point of life is not to
understand your own life, or purpose, or the nature of things, it's to have
as much fun as you possibly can while you can still have it. Now, I know
somewhere out there, someone is thinking "Well what if I think it's fun to
go out and murder people or something?". Well, the answer to why people
don't do this, is simple, it's not fun. How so? Well, you must consider
tradeoffs. What's fun now usually doesn't lead to things that are much fun
later. For instance, if you kill someone, it may be fun, but I don't think
one would find imprisonment or a death penalty fun at all. It may be fun to
drop out of school and do whatever you want, but in a few years when you
can't get a job and don't have enough money to go anywhere or do anything,
you won't be so happy. Therefore, it is best to do what you like, but
consider the consequences and alternatives first. So, morals don't really
exist because people know the difference between right and wrong or because
some omnipotent creator dictated our lifestyle to us, but because the let
the most people enjoy themselves at one time. So, it's basically similar to
any animal's response to a positive stimulus, however our powers of
abstract concepts and reasoning, and critical thinking allow us to
determine what is fun now, and will still allow us to have fun later. So,
in the end, people will do what they like most, while still allowing others
to do what they like most, and eventually it all works out for the better.
At least, it has so far in this reality, but as we know, everything could
change in an instant, even though it's not likely. So, be grateful our
lives are as stable as they are and get what you can while you can still
get it because it may not be here tomorrow.

     Well, up until now I had planned on making this thing anonymous, but
now that I think of it, I would kick myself if it ever got any recognition
at all, and I couldn't prove that I wrote it. So, I have decided to put my
name in it, and hope that nobody decides to alter it and reprint it. So,
for anyone interested, this paper was written by Toby Hudon, or, for anyone
who has a modem, General Lee D. Mented. I hope you had fun reading it,
cause it was sure fun writing it.
