        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Drinking and   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Driving Offences        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:1294  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                        "DRINKING AND DRIVING OFFENCES"

       My essay is on "Drinking and Driving Offences".  In my essa y I will
tell you the various kinds of drinking and driving offences, the p enalties,
and the defences you can make if you are caught drinking and drivi ng.

      Let me tell you about the different offences.  There are si x offences
in drinking and driving.  They are "driving while impaired", "Havi ng care
and control of a vehicle while impaired", "Driving while exceeding 80 m.g.",
"Having care and control of a vehicle while exceeding 80 m.g.", "R efusing
to give a breath sample", and "refusing to submit to a roadside sc reen test.
These are all Criminal Code Offences.

       Now lets talk about the penalties of drinking and driving.  The
sentence for "refusing to give a breath sample" is usually higher than
either of the "exceeding 80 m.g." offences.  Consequently it is us ually
easier in the long run for you to give a breath sample if asked.  If, for
example you are convicted of "Refusing ato give a breath sample" f or the
first time, but was earlier convicted of "Driving while impaired", your
conviction for "Refusing" will count as a second conviction, not a first,
and will receive the stiffer penalty for second offences.

       For the first offence here is the penalty and the defences you can
make.  Driving a vehicle while your ability to drive is impaired by alcohol
or drugs is one of the offences.  Evidence of your condition can be used
to convict you.  This can include evidence of your general conduct , speech,
ability to walk a straight line or pick up objects.  The penalty o f the
first offences is a fine of $50.00 to $2000.00 and/or imprisonment of up
to six months, and automatic suspension of licence for 3 months.  The second
offence penalty is imprisonment for 14 days to 1 year and automati c suspen-
sion of licence for 6 months.  The third offence penalty is impris onment
for 3 months to 2 years (or more) and automatic suspension of lice nce for
six months.  These penalties are the same for the following offenc es.

      "Having Care and Control of a Motor Vehicle while Impaired" is another
offence.  Having care and control of a vehicle does not require th at you
be driving it.  Occupying the driver's seat, even if you did not h ave the
keys, is sufficient.  Walking towards the car with the keys could be suffi-
cient. Some defences are you were not impaired, or you did not hav e care and
control because you were not in the driver's seat, did not have th e keys,
etc.  It is not a defence that you registered below 80 m.g. on the breath-
ayzer test.  Having care and control depends on all circumstances.

        "Driving While Exceeding 80 m.g. is the next offence.  Dri ving a
vehicle, having consumed alcohol in such a quantity that the propo rtion
of alcohol in your blood exceeds 80 miligrams of alcohol in 100 mi lilitres
of blood.  Some defences are the test was administered improperly, or
the breathalyzer machine was not functioning properly.

        "Having Care and control of a Motor Vehicle while Exceedin g 80 m.g."
is the next offence I will talk about.  This offence means having care and
control of a vehicle whether it is in motion or not, having consum ed alcohol
in such a quantity that the proportion of alcohol in your blood ex ceeds 80
miligrams of alcohol in 100 mililitres of blood.  The defences are the test
was administered improperly, or the breathalyzer machine was not f unctioning
properly.  To defend against breathalyzer evidence you must unders tand how
the test should be administered.  The proper procedure for a breat halyzer
test is as follows.  Warming up the machine until the thermometer registers
50 degrees centigrade.  This should take at least 10 minutes.  The machine
should then be turned to zero (by using the "adjust zero control") and a
comparison ampoulel (of normal air) inserted. if the metre remains at zero,
the test can proceed.  An ampoule with a standard solution is then inserted.
If the metre reads high or low by more than .02% on two successive tests,
the machine should not be used.  If the trial is valid, the machin e should
be flushed with room air and the pointer set at start.  You will t hen be
asked to provide two breath samples, about fifteen minutes apart.  Normally
they will take the result of the lowest result and use it as evide nce
against you.

        "Refusing to Give a Breath Sample" means refusing without a
reasonable excuse to give a sample or refusing without a reasonabl e excuse
to accompany a polic officer, when demanded by the police officer.  Before
demanding by the police officer, he must have reasonable and proba ble
grounds to believe that you are committing or at any time in the p receeding
two hours have committed, one of the offences of driving or having care and
control of a vehicle while impaired or while having a blood alcoho l level in
excess of 80 m.g.  You can refuse to give a breath sample until yo u have
communicated in private with your lawyer even if this takes you be yond the
two hour period, unless it is shown that your request for a lawyer was not
genuine and merely to delay the testing.  The test can be done aft er the two
hour period, but a technician must testify in court as to what you r blood
alcohol would have been in the two hour period.  You cannot refuse to accom-
pany the officer until you see your lawyer.  You can argue that th e officer
didn't have reasonable and probable grounds to suspect you, but th is however
depends on the circumstances.

        "Refusing to submit to a Roadside Screening Test" is the l ast
offence.  When you commit this offence you are refusing without re asonable
excuse to give a breath sample for a roadside screening device, or refusing
without reasonable excuse to accompany a police officer for the pu rposes of
giving such a sample, when demanded by an officer.  Before the off icer
demands a breathalyzer he must reasonably suspect that you have al cohol in
your blood.

        The maximum penalties for impaired driving causing bodily harm to
someone is up to 10 years in prison and up to a 10 year prohabitio n from
driving.  The maximum penalties for impaired driving causing death is up
to 14 years and a 10 year prohabition from driving.  The maximum p enalty
for manslaughter and criminal negligence causing death is up to li fe in
prison and up to a lifetime prohabition from driving.

        I think that these penalties for all the drinking and driv ing
offences are very appropriate, but I think impaired driving causin g death
should be a lifetime imprisonment.  Also if a person is impaired a nd
causes bodily harm to some one they should have their licence susp ended
from him for 20 years instead of 10 years.

                                BIBLIOGRAPHY

Highway Traffic Law, (Copyright January 1986: Community Legal Educ ation
Ontario) p.17-32

Government Document, Canada Law Reform Commision Report on Investi gative
Tests: Aclohol, Drugs, and Driving Offences (1983).

Erwin,Richard E. M.Bender ,Defence of Drunk Driving Cases, Crimina l Civil
(Albany 1986) p.79-81

Purich, Donald John, Drinking and Driving:What To Do If Your Caugh t
(International Self Counsel Pr. 1978) p.22-25

Verticle File at Hill Crest Library, Drinking and Driving-Offences ands
penalties:A Summary (1988) p.2

Verticle File at Hill Crest Liabrary, Criminal Code-Part 6 (1989),
section 3, section 11.

Verticle File at Hill Crest Library, HighWay Trafic (1989), sectio n 26
