        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Death of a Salesman and ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [how Willy Loman is      ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [indeed a pathetic and   ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [tragic hero.            ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:694   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Willy Loman is indeed a pathetic and tragic hero of "Death of a
Salesman". His problems stem from his own delusions, the American Dream
turning s our and misunderstanding his job and family. All of this tells
the story o f everyday people in American society. His environment is
changing faster than his beli efs which is why he is in the dilemma that he
is in now.

     His own delusions are a result of his failure to succeed in l ife. He
still believes he is popular, respected and good looking. But at age 63, he
is none of those. Nobody liked him that much since very few people came to
his funeral. His delusion was that there would be people across the country
coming to the funeral. However, in those moments that he begins to realize
the truth, his wife Linda while understanding his situa tion, supports his
delusion. She say to him that "you're the best looking man in the world".
Bu t the truth is that being popular and good looking is not how you would
succeed in the world now. It would be through hard work and perseverance.

     The American Dream has long turned sour for him. At the begin ning of
his life, he remembers travelling in a wagon going westward. His parents
conque red the new frontier and succeeded. His brother Ben went "into the
jungle at 17 and cam e out rich at age 21". For a while, the American Dream
was alive in Willy too. He helped stake out new territory by selling his
goods, his son Biff was going to go to university w ith a scholarship and
he had a home with no apartments closing on him. But now, he was forced t o
work on commission at old age, fired later by his godson, his favored son
Biff had wa ndered about the country doing many odd jobs all over the
country for many years, his frien d's son Charlie was successful and his
home was now surrounded by apartment buildings which blocked out the
sunlight. He was not a success in selling , he failed to raise his sons and
his beliefs were justdelusions. Only through hard work an d perseverance
would he achieve his goal of success but he decided to go along the lazy
route and failed.

     Willy Loman misunderstood his family and job with profound re
prucssions. He totally misunderstood his occupation by trying to sell
himself than the pr oducts. He could not hope to succeed because there was
virtually nothing to advance on him. People could buy into him because
there was nothing to sell in the first place. Because of t his, he
eventually lost his job. His family was something he equally misunderstood.
His wife a nd 2 children did not let him know that they knew the truth
about him. They would tell him t hat his beliefs were wrong and that they
knew he was trying to kill himself. They did n ot always support him. As
Biff was leaving the restaurant, he told Happy to take care of his father.
Happy rejected him and he told the 2 girls he had picked up that Willy was
not his fa ther but was "just a guy". Willy left the restaurant very
humiliated. His son Biff no longer had the same ideals as Willy or
respected him much after his affair with Miss Francis. He had i nstilled
the idea along with Linda that they had the ability to save him but they
didn't. He la ter dies to escape the reprucussions of the problems he has
caused himself.

     The pathetic and tragic hero of "Death of Salesman" is Willy LOman. he
had a bright future but later got lost along the way. This is the story of
the "Low Man". Many believe in ideals like Willy's, many have had the
American Dream fail and man y did not see that their family lost their way
because of them. It is a tragedy that a man with so much potential lost it
by believing in the wrong things and never realizes this truly.
