        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Notes on Shakespeare's  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Hamlet.                 ]
 [x]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:3016   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
File DSH.TXT has 3016 words, and 19399 bytes.
                               -1-
Act 1
Scene 1

1.   The atmosphere or tension is established trough use of ghost
     as the super natural, the mystery, the unknown.  A wrong is
     known to have accrued or about to happen.  This creates
     intrigue and suspense.
2.   Many changes take place in Horatio's attitude towards the
     ghost.  At first it is known to us that Horatio does not
     believe that the ghost actually exists.
3.   The background information we are given about the state of
     affairs in Denmark and about the relationship between Denmark
     and Norway is that something is wrong in Denmark and that
     Denmark and Norway had been in combat.
4.   We are introduced to the subject of law and rebellion trough
     the introduction of Fortinbras and the battles of Norway and
     Denmark.  Example:
     Horatio "Did say this Fortinbras; who by a sealed compact
               Well satisfied by law and heraldry
               Did forfeit, with his life all those lands
     Through the late King actions of law and rebellion during his
     time.
5.   We are made aware of the uncertain foundation of human
     knowledge in the way we learn that the ghost may be a dream,
     or could just be around for some unfinished  business.  We
     also learn  that Horatio is a scholar and trusted by Marcellus
     and Bernardo.  He serves as a reliable witness and conveyor
     for Hamlet.  Even scholars don't understand the unknown
     (ghost).

Scene 2

6.   This scene introduces us to the King Claudius, the antagonise.
     We know this because Hamlet has bad feelings towards him.

7.   The impression that I get of the character of Claudius from
     what he says is that he is a man of decisive action and of 
     command.  Same goes for his manner of expression is that he is
     courageous, strong minded.  He does bad things in order to get
     things done for himself.  From the attitudes of the characters
     I know that Claudius is a powerful man because Leartes asks
     his permission to leave for France.  Also because he has his
     own advisor Polonius.
                                                                  

                               -2-

8.   From Hamlets conversation with Claudius and Gertrude I learn 
     of Hamlet's character that he is a scholarly man who is a    
     student at University of Wittenberg.  He is in a destructed  
     state seeing his father's death and also in grief for his
     mother quick remarriage.                                     

9.   Hamlet's soliloquy. His tone is grievous and angered. He is in a state
     of depression.  It is produced slowly in throughout the play.  He also
     revels that he would like to disappear from the earth. He rails
     against the sudden death of his father and calls his mother's quick
     marriage to his uncle incestuous. I do sympathize in Hamlet because he
     is in a state of anxiety , and he is suddenly faced with two problems
     he did not expect to occur in his life.  He shows his building anger
     only because of those events that happen to him.

10.  The change that is apparent in Hamlet as he talks to Horatio
     is that he is friendly towards him and he is happy to see him,
     but he is also hurt when Horatio says he has come to see his
     father's funeral.   Hamlet shows then that he is very bothered
     by the everything that is happening in his life.

Scene 3

11.  The impression I get from the characters in the play are very
     different:
          - Laertes is a man that likes to enjoy himself, and does
     not like to keep close ties with his family.
          -  Polonius is a man of knowledge he is the advisor and
     gets a lot attention from everyone because of who he is.
          -  Ophelia is a sweet loving girl that loves her father
     and brother as well as Hamlet.

12.  Ophelia is gives a false advice about Hamlet from her father
     and brother.  They both want her to stay away from Hamlet
     because of the way he has been acting.  Both men don't think
     that Hamlet really loves Ophelia.

13.  I agree that the advice that Polonius gives Ophelia is cynical
     and selfish because he is just assuming that Hamlet does not 
     love her.

                                                                                                 -3-

Scene 4

14.  Hamlet realizes that there can be three different reasons why
     a flaw maybe present in a person:
          - his is a victim of fate.
          - man can develop bad habits that could bring him to his
            later downfall.
          - Being born in a family like himself.  He cannot do
            nothing about it.

15.  The audience is made to doubt the good intentions of the     
     ghost.  In the way Marcellus and Horatio did, by telling     
     Hamlet not to follow the ghost.

Scene 5

16.  The commands that the ghost gives to Hamlet are:
          - revenge the murder (against Claudius)
          - Ghost seems to think that Gertrude is innocent but    
            stupid.
          - Ghost think that Hamlet is apt to do the task and     
            avenge his father's death.

17.  The ghost knows that Cloudius is the murder.  He thinks that 
     he is very evil.  Ghost seem to think that Gretrude is       
     innocent but stupid.  Ghost does not blame her for all that  
     happened.

18.  When the ghost appears to Hamlet, he is excitable (Hamlet)
     Hamlet agrees with the ghost and listen to its words
     carefully.
     Hamlet acts this way because he is scared and angry.

19.  The philosophy of Horatio that Hamlet refers to is the
     psychlinesis, the unknown.  All of which is unexplained and
     mystery.  It could exist of happen but not in human knowledge.

20.  Hamlet is not going to obey the ghost because he is excitable
     at first, then shocked and finally enraged.  he wants to seek
     revenge.  Hamlet does not tell his friends about what the
     ghost told him to do.

                                   -4-

ACT II
Scene 1

21.  In his conversation with Reynaldo, Polonius is made to seem
     less than attractive in the way that Polonius shows himself as
     a neddesome character.  Polonius tells Reynaldo to locate
     other Danes in Paris who would know Laertes and identify
     himself as a friend of the family.  Reynaldo thinks this
     scheme may dishonour Laertes, Polonius expalains that this
     inderect method is best.  This shows unsavory side of Polonius
     character.


22.  Ophelia reports to her father telling him what happened to
     her.  Hamlet apeared in her room.  He was holding her.  She
     found that very strange.  She was very suprised that Hamlet  
     acted this way towords her.
     This is typical of Hamlet because we now that he is is putting
     his plan to action.

23.  Polonius decides to talk to the King about the way Hamlet has
     been acting.  He explains that Hamlet is mad because of the
     "ecstacy of love" that Ophelia was denying to him.  Polonius
     feels sorry about all that is happening to Hamlet.

Scene 2

24.  Claudius wants to spyon Hamlet in order to find out what is
     cousing all this madness in Hamlet.  Cladius calls Hamlet's
     childhood friends (Rosencrantz and Guildenstern) to court to
     find out from them how Hamlet thinks and what could be wrong
     with him.
     Gertrude does not want to entrap Hamlet, but she is conserned
     about her son's well being.  She goes along with the plan.

25.  Machavellianism- the political theory of Machiavelli, the view
     that any means however unscrupulous can justificable be used
     in achieving political power.

26.  Hamlet would usally show the greatest respect because of his
     age and his high position in court.  Hamlet tells Polonius to
     keep Ophelia out of court.  Now Polonius is more then
     convinced that 'love sickeness' is the couse of Hamlet's
     behavior.
     I like Hamlet because he shows great respect for Polonius, but
     at thesame time he has to work with his madness inorder to
     avenge his father's death.

27.  Hamlet baits Claudius trough Rosencrantz and Guildenstern in
     the way that he assumes Rosencrantz and Guildenstern that has
     fooled the king and geen because he is not as mad as they
     think he is.

                               -5-

28.  It is suggested that Hamlet is more a poet than a man
     of action in the way that when his passion abates, he swiftly
     reveals a plan for entrapping Claudius and to establish his
     quilt.  His method is not that of the heroic Achilles but more
     in keeping with Hamlet's schoary character.

29.  The "Rogue and Peasant Slave" soliloquy
     Hamlet attempts to account for his failure to take revange by
     the way that he obays the king ans hasn't confronted him yet
     and because he is suffering  (grief over fother's deat, mother
     incest).  Hamlet recognizes the real cause of his failure to
     the extent that he asks himself if he is a coward.  And also
     he compares himself to prostitute in the way that unloads his
     unger with words and goes cursing.

Act 3
Scene 1

30.  "To be, or not to Be" soliloquy
     The altesnatiles open to Hamlet's as far as he can see are
     those which every man or woman has to face in times of crisis.
     When Hamlet asks " Whether His robler has the mind to suffer,
     he is wondering whether it is better to respond passively to
     the trials adn tribulations of life, or is it better to take
     faceful action and confront probalems - " and by opposing end
     them "or is is best to commit suicide.  But Hamlet points out
     that the problem with suicide is man's fear of oblivion.

31.  The "Nummery" scene
     Hamlet during the " To be, or not to be" soliloquy shows that
     he has a great honlrable mind.  Towords Ophelia he was good,
     but in this scene he suddenly changes, Hamlet is being
     devastingly cruel, even though he feigns madness.  He probably
     knows tha he has been set up.  it is Hamlet's bitterness that
     lashes out at to a sunnery.
     This behaviour is typical of Hamlet because of feigning
     madness, and also he is attacking womanhood.  This has been
     brought upon him by his mother's marriage, which he calls
     incestuous.

32.  Evidence of mortal blindness.
     Hamlet's behavior towords Ophelia was exaggerated, he could
     feign madnes, but he did so regatively and face fully, and he
     is being a stereotype.  By saying negative words about
     womanhood, and when je saysall men are "arrant knaves, belive
     none of us".
                                                                  
                               -6-

33.  The tragic emotions of pity and fear are generated in the way
     that Ophelia is being really attacked by Hamlet.  He love for
     him has been crushed.  She feels used, because Hamlet tells
     her that he has never loved her.  When Hamlet is arguing with
     her, it seems like he wants to kill her, but yet he over
     reacts.

34.  We are made aware that Hamle's fall is inevitable because
     everyone thinks he is mad and everyone is against him.
     The king is ready to take a drustic methods.  Polonius gives
     his support.  Rosencrants and Guildenstern are aiding the king
     to spy on Hamlet.  Ophelia as well, mainly because she obeys
     her father.  Gertrude is so innocent that she thinks
     everything is being done for Hamlet's own good.  At this time
     Hamlet has only Horatio to turn to.

Scene 2

35.  In this scene Hamlet treats Ophelia much differently, he is a
     different Hamlet from the embittered abusive prince who had
     verbally attacked her,  Hamlet refuses to sit beside his
     mother and lies at Ophelia's feet to engage in some bawdy
     repartee.  Hamlet is also  culmer, and little affectious.

36.  Basic traits of Hamlet's character leading him awasy from his
     goal are:
               - Hamlet is given more to philosophizing than to
               direct acting.  He dwells of his tragic situation. 
               - Hamlet is ecstatic, but he didn't engage in
               immediate action to avenge his father.             
               - Hamlet gives gives Cloudius time to react in
               negative way towords him.  As a result in the next
               scene the king is planning to send Hamlet to England
               to be executed there.

Scene 3

37.  Claudius' prayer add new dimansion to his character in the way
     that it is clear in his soliloquy that Claudius is to
     tornented by a guilty conscince and agonizing over murdering
     his brother eg: "It has the primal eldest curse up on,/4
     brothers murder!"
     As remorseful as he feels Cladius is not prepared to give up
     his throne or his queen to redeem himself.  He does not do
     evil carelessly, but is quite ready to put aside mortality for
     necessity.  Claudius is quitly bu the is not sorry for what he
     has done because of his greed.

                                                                                                 -7-

38.  This scene is the turning point of important conflict in the
     play because Hamlet is ready to take action agaist Claudius,
     but doesn't because Cladius is praying.  Later in the scen the
     action is risen.

39.  Theirony is established in this scene in the way that where
     finally Hamlet has courage to act in order to avenge his
     father's death, he kills Polonius instead of Claudius.  It was
     accidental, but ironic.  Hamlet's comment, "Thus bad begins,
     and worse remains behind, is ironic and makes the audience
     wonder about the consequences of Polonius death.

40.  No, this scene doesn't help to make Gertrude a less
     sympathetic character, on the contrary, in this scene Gartrude
     is shown to be a weak loyal woman who is trapped between her
     love for her son Hamletand her allegiance to her husband and
     king Cladius.  Hamlet brings to her attantion the guilt that
     she did not feel or realize.  She still remains a very
     sympathetic character in the eyes of the audiance.

ACT 4
Scene 1

41.  The villany of Claudiud is emphasized in the way that he lies
     to Gertrude his lovely wife by telling her he wants to send
     Hamlet away to England for his own good, when in reality it's
     becuase he knows that Hamlet intended to kill him not
     Polonius, so he decides to get rid of Hamlet (permanently).
     Also to get blamed for Polonius' deathhe plans to lie to the
     court.  Claudius wants to lie to the court because of his
     greed.  He lies to Gertrude about caring for Hamlet, he is
     cold-hearted evil.  Gertrude is completly innocent (she
     belives that Hamlet is being send to England for help).

42.  Hamlet's strange behaviour is this scene does not befit that
     of atragic hero.  Probably ne acts like this becuase he is
     prompted by his contempt for king's spies, Rosencrantc and
     Guildenstern.  Hamlet edmires Horatio because he is the only
     person Hamlet can trust and he is the most loyal frined he
     has. Everybody else has betrayed him.













                               -8-

Scene 3 & 4

43.  The "How All Occasions Do Inform Against me" soliloquy
     The faults Hamlet finds with reasin as a guide to action are
     that when honor is at stake, it is right to act and not
     reason, that is the delay to revange. Also cowardly and a
     waste of time.  He waws that he will stop wasting time, and
     revange his father's death at last.
     By honor he means the honor of his royal family accept
     Cloudius since he has decived everyone.
     This part of the play is very important because Hamlet finally
     decides to act not just speak about revange of his father's
     murder.

Scene 5

44.  Ophelia's madness causes much grif, everyone pities her,
     including the audiance, she was an innocent character, sweet
     beautiful, gentle, intelligent and direct. She was a loveable
     character.  Showed great love for her father Polonius.

45.  Both want revange and are serious about it.  Both plan, but
     Laertes is ready to take action immediately.  Both men are
     honest, but Leartes is much more corageous.  Leartes shows
     that he is brave.  He is much more admilrable becuase there is
     no 'ifs' or 'buts' about it.  He just wants to avange is
     father's and sister's death.  We can see that Leartes is ready
     to take the action right from the start where Hamlet was been
     delaying the whole thing troughout the palay.

Scene 6

46.  Hamlet writes the letter to Claudius to make him angry and to 
     shoe he has eluded his plans.  Also, to show he is ready to
     take action and is ready to seek revange.

Scene 7

47.  We get impression that the forces of destruction are mounting 
     against Hamlet in the wasy that Ophelia is dead and Leartes is
     full of rage.  The king has plotted to kill Hamlet this timeso
     he is ready to set up a facing match with Hamlet and Leartes.
     Leartes sword is going to have a poisined tip.  If that will
     fail he will have a cup of posion wine to drink.

48.  From Gretrudes's tale and from her manner of telling it we
     learn that Gertrude feels sorry but explains the whole story
     in depth.





                               -9-

ACT 5
Scene 1

49.  The extened use of humor at the begining of this scene causes
     comic relief.  The dramatic scenes that just passed are being
     stopped, for a while.  It is very effective.

50.  We know Hamlet has found humility, compassion, and patience
     becuase he is straight; he gets attacked by Leartes he says
     that he won't be rash, he admitts that he loved Ophelia more
     then anyone.  He says that he is ready to take the stand and
     leave his past behind.

51.  Hamlet fights with Leartes because of self-defence.  Hamlet
     arrives on the scene and Leartes attecks him.  Hamlet defends
     himself.

Secne 2

52.  This scene suggests that Hamlet has found his moral bearing in
     the way that from the start he is decisive and clever in his
     actions.  His hatred is focused on Claudius.  Horatio warns
     Hamlet about the possible disaster, but Hamlet does not care,
     he is not scared of death any longer.

53.  I think that Shakespeare is suggesting that the hand of
     Providence is at work in a way because the king's plan does
     not got well.  The qeen gets posioned instead of Hamlet.
     Leartes dies quicker than Hamlet.

54.  Hamlet shows a scene of responsibility and a concern for the
     world, and for its people at the end of his life when Horatio
     also wants to take his ownlife but Hamlet tells him his
     purpose is clearly to stay behind and report this tragedy to
     the world.
