        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Unification    ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of Europe under the     ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Maastricht Treaty       ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:616   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Our position is to oppose the unification of Europe as proposed under
the Maastricht Treaty, as being beneficial to Europe.  We will prove beyond
a reasonable doubt the uselessness of the treaty.  The main principal of
the Maastricht Treaty is European Unity.  Unity is a nice warm hearted word
which infers working towards a goal in harmony.  The Maastricht Treaty
sounds like an ideal proposal on paper, but in reality it can't work.

     In order to adopt the treaty several countries will have to make
sacrifices. No body likes to make sacrifices.  Countries with advancing
economies like Germany will have to slow down to accommodate country's with
poorer economic systems.  Nations like England will have to merge their
high currency rate with country's  such as Italy, whom are infamous for
their treasured currency the Lira.  No one likes to get the short end of a
stick - Why should these countries give up some of their prosperity to help
others? Sure it will be quite an honourable effort but greed is an
undisputable human characteristic (and we are talking about the merger of
former economic rivals now in full cooperation!) Ultimately, these
countries concerned with their own interests in mind will disregard the
treaty.  For example, during the last several weeks in defiance of the
treaty  Britain lowered it interest rates while Germany raised theirs.
Both to accommodate their own separate economies!  This sort of unity does
not seem to me to set an example from which to abide by in the future.

     Under the Maastricht Treaty one body will govern and regulate both
economic and political concerns.  I find it hard to comprehend how one
governing body can do the work of twelve individual governments in a
continent whose culture and society are so diverse.  If the nations now are
incapable of settling their internal problems how can shifting the immense
burden to a smaller less experienced group do anything but further
complicate the situation.  Sure it may be easier to decide upon a coarse of
action - but controversial issues may only intensify or multiply if not
carefully and appropriately addressed.  The proof of such a failure between
various ethnic groups and a detached government is the current intensifying
conflict between different ethnic group in Yugoslavia, right next door to
Greece.

     The Maastricht treaty also provides for the joint creation of a
unified military defence force for Europe.  Although, this sounds like a
good proposal the immediate risk of any one country invading Europe is very
remote.  The threat of a Soviet takeover of Europe is now nonexistent (the
huge Soviet Army has now been divided among the twelve independent
countries whom still dispute over who own what).  There are still NATO
bases scattered all around Europe housing thousands of U.S troops so the
need for a joint European military force is unpractical. The military
aspect of the unification treaty is merely a an outdated cold war era
stipulation, which may have been advantageous a decade ago but is now
obsolete.

Addressing, the gov's point

    Full approval from all nations on passing the treaty is not expected
for some time. Denmark has already voted NO on the treaty and wants the
treaty delayed until their objections have been met( sometime in 1993) In
the same way, Britain will not endorse the treaty until it has been
reworked and is satisfactory to the Danes. In contrast, France and Germany
don't want the to negotiate the treaty only to clarify it with additional
wording.

    Foreign Minister who can't agree now on the treaty will have similar
success if the treaty passes.

I conclude that

    The Maastricht treaty will not unite European countries but further
divide them.
