        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
        мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [About the novel "Their  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Eyes are Watching God"  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:1300     School:All Girls/Priv  State: NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     In the novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God", the author, Zora Neale
Hurston, attempts to bring into light problems caused by prejudism.
However, as she tries to show examples of inequality through various
character relationships, examples of equality are revealed through other
relationships. Janie, the novel's main character, encounters both
inequality and equality through the treatment she receives during her three
marriages.

     Janie's first marriage is to Logan Killicks. Logan enters the marriage
with a large portion of land. However, Janie enters the marriage with
practically nothing. This ends up becoming a relationship based on
inequality because Logan starts to use his ownership of the land to control
Janie. He tries to make her feel that she owes him for part of the land,
which he is sharing with her. What begins as a relationship in which Logan
struggles to make Janie happy, turns into a relationship in which Janie is
expected to make Logan happy. She is often reprimanded for not doing enough
work or for not working in certain areas such as the fields.

     It is during that unhappy marriage that Janie meets Jody Stark, who
comes along with dreams of power, wealth, and happiness. " De day you puts
yo' hand in mine, Ah wouldn't let de sun go down on us single. Ah'm a man
wid principles. You ain't never knowed what it was like to be treated lak a
lady and Ah wants to be de one tuh show yuh." (Pg.28) Janie is promised
that she will be treated quite well. So naturally, she leaves Logan and
sets out for a new town with Jody. This relationship can be classified as
equal in some aspects. However, for the most part, this too becomes a
marriage based on inequality. Joe gains the power he wanted and Janie gains
part of the wealth and fame associated with his power.  Therefore, both Joe
and Janie are looked up to by the townspeople. To some extent, this could
be considered a form of equality. Unfortunately, this is about where the
equality stops. While Joe gains prominence through his own actions and
words, Janie gains some prominence by doing what she is told to do. She is
not permitted to voice her own opinions or join in the lighthearted
gossiping which occurs outside of their store. Janie is expected to be the
dutiful wife. If she makes a mistake, then she should have known better and
therefore should accept her punishment quietly. Joe holds the obvious upper
hand in the relationship until his death whereupon Janie inherits a large
amount of money and learns to enjoy the freedom of living as her own
person.

     Then Janie meets Tea Cake. Their courtship and marriage involve many
different forms of equality which are not seen in Janie's past
relationships. The equalities exhibited include Tea Cake and Janie's
equality to one another as persons, and equality in "age," love, and money.

     As two different people, Janie and Tea Cake are allowed to live their
lives as equals. When living with Joe, Janie is never allowed to do things
such as speaking her mind, playing games, or doing anything which is not
completely ladylike. Tea Cake encourages her to do things which were
previously not open to her, such as playing chess, speaking openly about
her feelings, and hunting. He teaches Janie to shoot and hunt wild game.
"Oh you needs tuh learn how. Tain't no need uh you not knowin how tuh
handle shootin' tools. Even if you didn't never find no game, it's always
some trashy rascal dat needs uh good killin'." (Pp.124-125) This would have
been unheard of in her marriage to Joe. Another contrast in her marriages
is that when married to Joe, Janie works in the store because she is forced
into it. However, when married to Tea Cake, she works in the fields out of
love.

     As far as their age difference goes, it is only noticeable in the
physical aspect. Obviously by years, there exists a large gap between their
actual ages. However, psychologically, they are at the same age level. Tea
Cake enables Janie to experience a part of her life which was previously
overlooked. He lets her feel young again. The age difference between them
is only noticeable because it is specifically stated in the story when they
meet. By feeling and acting younger, Janie, in a way, becomes a younger
person equal, psychologically, to Tea Cake.

     Just as Tea Cake teaches Janie how to be young again, he also teaches
her how to love someone. Neither of Janie's previous marriages are based on
love. They both come about either by force or the need to escape. Janie's
marriage to Logan is forced upon her by her grandmother who feels that it
is time that Janie moves on in her life, and her marriage to Joe Stark
occurs out of Janie's desire to get away from Logan. In contrast to these
two marriages, Janie chooses to marry Tea Cake because she enjoys being
with him and not having to obey him. For once, she likes being married. She
learns what it feels like to truly love someone.

     However, just as much as Janie loves Tea Cake, Tea Cake loves Janie.
He does not force her to do anything which she does not want to do. If she
wants to do something new, he will help her to learn how, instead of
telling her that she is not allowed to try it. Tea Cake even gives up his
life to save her from a mad dog. But, just as he is willing to give up his
life to save her from any harm, she risks her life and happiness to help
him. By continually taking care of him after he contracts rabies, she takes
the chance of him infecting her or even killing her. Then, by shooting him
to save her life and end his torment, she faces charges of his murder. This
could possibly lead to her death. However, she never once regrets shooting
him because she knows that he is much happier now.  By both risking their
lives for one another, they truly exhibit great amounts of love for each
other.

     It is through this great love, however, that they are able to live
happily on only a small amount of money. Although Janie enters the marriage
to Tea Cake with a large sum of money, he will not allow her to use it
during the marriage. " Ah no need no assistance tuh help me feed mah woman.
From now on, you gointuh eat whutever mah money can buy yuh and wear de
same. When Ah ain't got nothin' you don't git nothin'." (Pg.122) The only
money they use is the money earned while they are married. Most of this is
earned through the work which they do together on the muck. In Janie's
previous marriages, she hardly owns anything which is totally hers. Either
her husband already owns it or he earns it. In the marriage to Tea Cake,
Janie plays an active role in acquiring the money they use. It belongs as
much to her as it does to him.

     Overall, these are the main forms of equality shared by Tea Cake and
Janie. It is through these equalities, encouraged by Tea Cake, that they
are enabled to live happy and fulfilling lives. Never once is Janie made to
feel inadequate to Tea Cake, like she is to Logan and Joe. The happiness
this has caused in their marriage is best summed up in a quote by Janie
describing Tea Cake, " He kin take most any lil thing and make summertime
out of it when times is dull. Then we lives offa dat happiness he made till
some mo' happiness come along." (Pg.135)
