        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Psychiatric Evaluation  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of Guy Montag           ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:731   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                         Psychiatric Evaluation Of
                                Guy Montag

1. Description Of Character At First Meeting - Clarisse

A) Physical Appearance
    Montag is 30 years of age, has a fierce grin and dark shiny eyes. He is
usually in his fireman's outfit -- Charcoal stained jacket/pants, dirty
helmet with the numbers 451 etched in.

B) Mental State
    Montag is somewhat happy with life, as well as his work -- looks
forward to the end of a good day's work, skeptical about new things
(technology for one), dedicated, courageous, intelligent, takes chances
(gambling), and yet a bit terrified of the thought of Beatty finding the
books he has hidden behind the grille in his home.

C) Behaviour Pattern
    Montag is aware of things around him, social, a shrewd observer, and
attentitive.  At this time in the novel he seems to be battling with two
different people within his mind, due to the high amount of
self-conversation. Bio-chemical analysis may reveal a cranial disorder.

2. Background Of Family (hypothesize if necessary)

A) Mother
    His Mother was a quick-thinker, she was usually apart from her son for
an unknown reason (perhaps work), we can deduce this from the time when
there was a blackout in his childhood, and Montag and his mother had a rare
quiet moment together.

B) Father
    We can deduce that Montag's father wasn't very attentive to him,
perhaps because of his dedicated duty as a fireman. Now, in adulthood,
Montag looks upon Beatty for advice regarding life.

C) Siblings
None.

D) Home Environment
    A Modern household, perhaps a parlor family, has a cold/impersonal
relationship with his wife. Montag has no children but would love to have
some, but Mildred "just never wanted any children at all"

3. Background Of Character
A) Education

    Montag seems to be well educated, and has a variety of views on the
society he lives in.


B) Social
    Other than the odd chat with Faber or Clarisse, he mostly associates
with his wife and the other fireman -- Beatty especially.

4. Description Of Character At Second Meeting - Fire Hall

A) Physical Appearance
-Still in fireman's outfit

B) Mental State
    When Beatty asked Montag if he had a guilty conscience, he just laughed
softly -- probably agreeing with him internally but shoving it off as a
joke externally.

C) Behaviour Pattern
    Somewhat tense, panicky at times due to the Hound growling at him.
Begins to feel like an outsider in the firehall and at home.

5. Description Of Character At Third Meeting - Faber

A) Physical Appearance
-Still in fireman's outfit

B) Mental State
    Brave for having stolen the book he was carrying, modest about that
fact yet apprehensive.  Is in need of someone to talk to, Faber looks at
him as needing to be cared for, and not to have the presence of books.

C) Behaviour Pattern
    Is very keen by using reverse psychology to coax Professor Faber into
helping him out.  He has feelings for his fellow human beings yet if his
wife died he wouldn't even shed a tear.  Takes action when he sees
something wrong, very determined.

6. Diagnosis

    The patient seems to be suffering from a serious case of schizophrenia
that is -- any of a group of psychotic disorders characterized by
delusions, withdrawal, conflicting emotions, and deterioration of the
personality and mind. He seems to be talking to himself alot, perhaps to
express/remember his views or ideas more fully in his mind, or just out of
the lack of friendship. Due to the views of the society he dwells in, it
may be possible that it's influence on him has brought him to this present
state of mild insanity.

7. Conclusion
A) Treatment
    The disorder Montag suffers from can be cured.  It will require
constant and regular observations, medication, and hospital care if the
condition begins to worsen.  Perhaps a vacation to a tropical island is in
order, such as Hawaii, the patient would be exposed to a variety of
different cultures, and away from the hustle and bustle of city life.  He
must begin to focus on the good things in life, and try not to worry about
the condition of the society he lives in.  Through the use of relaxation
tapes and sessions, a new job, and a female companion, I think the patient
will recuperate fine and attain a new standard of living

7) Termination
   CURED!!!
                        Med. Report - Feb. 12/92
