        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [An essay on Beowolf and ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Waiting for Godot conce-]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [rning mood              ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:1429  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

     Reading a work of literature often makes a reader experience certain
feelings.  These feeling differ with the content of the work, and are
usually needed to perceive the author's ideas in the work.  For example,
Samuel Beckett augments a reader's understanding of Waiting For Godot by
conveying a mood, (one which the characters in the play experience), to the
reader. Similarly, a dominant mood is thrust upon a reader in Beowulf.
These moods which are conveyed aid the author in conveying ideas to a
reader.

     In Waiting for Godot, Beckett uses many pauses, silences, and ellipses
(three dots (...) used to create a break in speech) to express a feeling of
waiting and unsureness.  There is a twofold purpose behind this technique.
For one, it shows that Vladimir and Estragon, the two main characters who
are waiting for Godot,  are unsure of why they are waiting for him.  This
also foreshadows that they will be waiting a very long time.

     In some cases in literature, an idea can only be conveyed properly if
those on the receiving end of the idea  are able to experience the feelings
that a character is experiencing in the work.  For example, in order for a
reader to feel how and understand why Vladimir and Estragon feel as though
they do while they wait, it is essential for that reader to either
understand or experience the same feelings that Vladimir and Estragon are
experiencing.  Vladimir and Estragon are waiting;  waiting for Godot, to be
exact; and Beckett wants the reader to feel as if he or she were waiting
also.  Along with the feeling of waiting that a reader may experience, he
or she might also understand how Vladimir and Estragon feel at times:
Unsure, not very anxious to move on, and constantly having to wait.  A
feeling of timelessness is even evoked, allowing almost anyone from nearly
any time to understand Vladimir and Estragon's predicament.

     Many times people may feel overwhelmed by a higher force unalterable
to them.  This force may control something such as their fate.  In the
Anglo-Saxon culture, a popular belief was that of fate.  The writers of
Beowulf may have known that not all people believe in the power of fate.
Therefore, to properly convey such an idea as the inevitability of fate in
the epic, the writers included events which, when read, are also
"experienced" by the reader.  For example, the narrator of Beowulf states
how fate is not on Beowulf's side.  After many years of winning countless
battles, Beowulf was killed by a dragon in a fierce fight.  While he was
fighting, and because the narrator had stated that fate was not on his
side, the reader could identify with Beowulf and feel how he may have at
the time:  Overwhelmed, overpowered, and as if a force greater than he was
controlling him (his fate).

     Moods that are created, such as that of longing or waiting, and  fear
or inevitability, in Waiting for Godot and Beowulf, respectively, hold a
distinct purpose.  The moods presented usually serve the purpose of helping
the author express more fully an the idea or ideas that he or she wishes to
convey. Also, by conveying a universal mood, or one that nearly everyone is
able to comprehend and interpret, the work of literature's longevity is
augmented.  This will further help the reader to interpret the work and
understand more fully the moods presented.
 
