        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Nightmare on Elm Street ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [The Dead of Night Script]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:3263  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                 Nightmare on Elm St. = The Dead of Night

        Robin lay down on her pillow, intent on getting a good nights
sleep.  She did not get her wish.  In her dream, she was in a park,  calm
as ever.  In a moment, a cat walked out from some bushes; probably a stray.
She bent down to pet it, and it nudged her leg lightly with its head.  She
noticed something strange about the cat.  On one paw, was a miniature
glove, with blades sticking out.  It took a swipe at her arm, and it drew
blood.  She pushed the cat away, and started to walk away.  Looking, back,
she noticed the cat was now wearing a dirty brown hat.  It was following
her.  She quickened her pace, and so did the cat.  The cat rose on all
fours, and fur began to fall off, as it grew in size.  When she looked
back, it was no longer a cat, but a grotesque man wearing a striped red and
green shirt.  "Time for the cat to eat little Robin!"  He snickered, and
grinned an evil grin.
        She started to run, but the madman was quick to chase her.  She
suddenly heard in the distance what sounded like a firebell ringing.  She
closed her eyes, to scared to look.  All sound subsided, except for the
bell.  She dared a peek through her eyes, to see her bedroom.  She was
safe, at least for now.
        Her mother opened the door, slowly.  She smiled and said, "So,
you're awake, sleepyhead.  Listen, Julie is here, time for school, summer
vacation's over."
        As her mother left, she got out of bed.  She got out from her
covers, and she noticed a few small scrapes on her leg.  She thought that
she must have cut herself on the way home the day before.  She quickly got
dressed, and walked out the front door.  Julie was standing in front of her
car, a gift for her last birthday. Robin hopped in Julie's new car.  "I had
the weirdest dream last night. There was this cat.  It tried to kill me. It
had this little razored glove on one paw.  I started walking away, and it,
like followed me.  Then it turned into this ugly guy. It was really weird.
But the strange thing is... the cat scratched me on my leg.  When I woke
up, I saw the same kinda scratches."
        "Hmm.. That is weird.  I don't usually remember my dreams."  Julie
replied.  At that moment, they pulled up to the school driveway.  "Well,
here we are!" she exclaimed.
        "First day of school and I'm already sick of it." she sighed.
"School is such a drag."
        "Well, it's a new school for you, so maybe you'll like it..I'll
introduce you to a few of my friends from last year."
        Later, inside the school building, just before the bell rang, Julie
met up with a group of people.
        "Everybody, this is Robin, Robin, this is Mark," she gestured to a
cute, tall boy with dirty brown hair.
        "...Peter," this time to a tall, black haired boy, with slightly
long hair.  He bowed slightly.
        "...Kelly," a blond, blue eyed, thin person who seemed to be
popular.
        "...Mike," an oriental with black hair, wearing glasses.
        "...and Tracy," a slender girl with long red hair.
        Mike smiled, "We're all in the same class.. Me and Peter broke into
the computer files."
        As the bell rang, there was a stampede of people running for their
classes.  They were right outside their's.  They walked inside, and sat in
their seats.  The next person to walk into the door, was a pretty lonely
looking girl with brown hair.  She timidly asked, "Is this room 104?"
        Mark turned around to look at her, "Yeah, sure is, have a seat,
anywhere."  To Kelly he whispered, "Hey, she's kind of cute.  She must be
new here.  Introduce yourself,"
        The new girl sat in a seat near Mark, but not too close.  The day
passed uneventfully until the seventh period, where a bored Julie fell
asleep in class.  She apparently woke up less than a second later, where
the class seemed to be empty, except for the teacher, who was scribbling on
the board.  In a calm voice, the teacher said, "Now now Julie, you know
from last year that sleeping in class means immediate detention.  Start
writing on the board, `I will always listen to Mr. Freddy.' 5 billion
times."  The teacher turned around.  He was wearing a striped sweater, and
a brown hat was shading his face.  He pulled off his hat, revealing a
burned face wearing a beard. He held a peice of chalk between two blades on
his left hand.  "You'll be late for class...for the rest of your
afterlife."  She tried to get up from her desk, but she was locked inside.
She heard a door slamming behind her, and she strained to turn her head.
        A woman with long blondish hair was standing there, looking mad.
It was not Kelly, nor anyone she knew.  "Let her go Freddy!" she screamed.
        Freddy ran from the desk, "Alice!  It's so GOOD to see you again.
How's little Jacob?"
        "Leave him out of this.  You've killed enough, now its time to
stop."
        "You may know that I can't kill you, you're too strong.. but you
also realize you can't kill me.  We're to strong to be killed.  Only one
person can truely kill me, and she don't know I exist.  But I can kill
others."  He lunged towards Julie, and Alice raced for her as well.
        Alice screamed, "Listen, whoever you are, WAKE UP!  If you die here
you die for real!"
        Julie screamed, and suddenly the whole class was staring at her.
She was covered in sweat.  She muttered something about a big spider, in an
attempt to cover up her breaking the rules.  But then she noticed the
teacher was gone, as he usually was during study periods.
        She looked at her watch.  Class was over, early because it was the
first day. She met up with Robin in the hallway.  "You know that dream you
said you had last night?  With that guy with the razor hand or something?
I fell asleep in this class, and he was there.  His name was Freddy, or
something, and he started fighting with a woman named Alice.  She warned me
to wake up or I'd really die."
        "Was he wearing a red and green striped sweater and a brown hat?"
        "Yes, he was as a matter of fact."
        Suddenly, a new voice from the back quietly asked, "Was his face
horribly burnt?"
        They both turned, to see the new girl, and in unison said, "Yes, he
was."  Then Robin asked, "You're the other new girl aren't you?  What's
your name?  I'm Robin, and this is Julie."
        "My name is Christina.  You're talking about someone you dreamed
about?"
        "Yes.  They've been really scary... have you had them too?"
        "Yes, I have. Mine had something to do with a forest and a cougar,
that turned into that guy.  Listen, I gotta go find my locker, so I better
go now.  Hope to talk to you later."
        "Yeah, you too."
        Christina walked further down the hall, looking at her locker
number in confusion.  She accidentally bumped into Mark.
        "Oh, hello, you're in my geography and Spanish class aren't you?
My name's Mark.
        "Nice to meet you.  I'm Christina.  Can you help me find my
locker?"
        "Sure, what's the number?"
        "90210..I think"
        "Hey, that's right beside mine, I'll show you where it is."
Christina and Mark walked down the hallway together.

        A week later, Christina had begun making friends at the school.
After school one day, Julie and Robin caught up with her.  "Hi Christina,"
Robin said.
        Christina closed her locker and turned to face them.  "Oh hi Robin,
hi Julie."
        "We wanted to invite you to a sort of slumber party at my house.
It's like a tradition for me, Kelly, and Tracy.  We thought you and Robin
might want to join us this year.
        "Sure, sounds like fun,"
        "Ok, here are the directions to my house," Robin handed Christina a
folded slip of paper, "Arrive around 7, ok?"
        "Ok, I'll be there."

        Christina pulled up to the address on her directions.  Her black
convertable slowed, then stopped.  She walked up to the door, and rang the
doorbell.  Julie answered, "Come on in Christina, you can change upstairs,
first door to your left."
        After a few hours of trading secrets and pigging out, they decided
to go to sleep.  No sooner had their heads touched their pillows, then
their pillows had vanished.  They were lying on a dirty floor, with musty
air everywhere.  "Where are we?"  Robin asked.
        "Oh no, we're here!  The house of that madman!"  Christina yelled.
        A light turned on in a corner.  A throaty voice said, "Are you
talking about me?  I appreciate the compliment, but flattery will get you
nowhere."  He grinned and raised his right hand, flicking the blades
slowly.  He lunged at Christina, who closed her eyes and shielded her head
with her arms, awaiting the impending blow.  The blow never came.  Freddy's
razor passed harmlessly through Christina.  "Well, ain't this an
interesting development."
        "Do whatever you can!  This is just a dream, you're not bound by
physical laws.  Don't get hit!"  Christina yelled.  Tracy bent on all
fours, and grew hair, changing into a cheetah.  She jumped at Freddy, who
held her up.  He grabbed a hold of her paw, and pushed it into her stomach,
the claws making her bleed.  He threw her to the ground, dying in human
form.
        "1 down, 7 to go!"
        Freddy moved in on Robin.  She dodged, but got cut on her stomach.
She fell to the floor.  Kelly tackled Freddy before he could do anything to
her.  Robin waved a hand over her injuries, which healed before her eyes.
Kelly, while trying to escape, got a small cut on her arm.  The rest of the
girls huddled near Tracy's body.  Someone else broke into the room.  It was
Alice.  She ran to the group, shielding them with a sort of force field.
"We're safe here, for now.   I have to talk to you.  Everybody concentrate
on the house you're sleeping in.  Hopefully your combined thoughts will be
enough to take you there.  I hope I can get to you before Freddy does.
Remember, when you're in the house, you'll still be dreaming.  Now...
concentrate!"  The figure's vanished before their eyes.  Alice followed
suit, appearing before them.
        "What's going on?  Who is he?  What's going to happen to Tracy?"
Julie asked.
        "You're friend, I'm afraid, will probably die as a result of the
injuries.  She'll die in real life.  The man's name is Fred Kreuger, and he
controls dreams.  He's after you and your friends!"  Suddenly, before their
eyes, the body of Tracy vanished.  A blue light appeared in its place,
which separated into two, one going through the wall somewhere, the other
into Alice.  "I've collected your friend's power!  She's dead!" Alice
started to fade.  "My dream power is weakening!  I won't be able to contact
you anymore! Tell your friends...and WAKE UP!!!" Alice vanished, and
everyone woke up.  Except Tracy.  She was no longer in her bed, indeed,
there was no longer a bed for her.
        Julie's mother walked into the room, "Oh, I hope I didn't wake you,
but it's time for school soon anyway."
        Julie looked up at her mom, exasperated, and asked, "Do you know
where Tracy is?"
        "Tracy?  Who's Tracy?"
        "Tracy! One of my best friends from last year!  She came for the
sleepover tonight."
        "I haven't seen any Tracy."

        Hours passed... They were in school by now.  In none of the classes
was Tracy's name even called out in attendance.  In the seventh period,
all of the group of friends shared the geography class.  After class was
over, Mike asked, "Hey, where's Tracy anyway?"
        "You remember Tracy?"
        "Of course!"
        "And the rest of you?" they all nodded.  "Oh my god, that means
Freddy's after US!"
        "Are you sure?" asked Christina.
        "Yes!  When Freddy killed Tracy, he said there were 7 of us to go!
There are 7 of us here!"
        "Waitaminute!  Who killed Tracy?  What's going on?"  Mike asked.
Julie told the story to the rest of them, including the fact that no one
but them seem to remember Tracy even existed.
        "So what should we do then?  If this Freddy guy can kill us in our
sleep, how can we defend ourselves?"
         "Band together.  Tonight, lets all try to go to sleep at the same
time, and concentrating on staying with each other."
        "Ok.. Me and Peter have to go to Computer class."

        "Class, I want you to type the test from your workbooks.  You have
the whole period, so be ACCURATE, but not at the expense of too much
SPEED."  Those were the computer teachers most often used words; speed and
accuracy.   Mike, the fastest in the class, seconded by Peter, finished
after half the period.  The teacher was nowhere in sight, so, wearily, he
fell asleep in his chair.
        When he awoke, his computer was displaying some files by itself.
It went into the MacPaint directory, and opened a file called 1,2 Freddy's
Coming for you.  On the screen sprang an image of a black and white man,
wearing a hat and a striped sweater.  His face was burnt.  The picture
started moving, slowly.  It's hand moved towards the front of the screen.
A burned fist grabbed Mike's sweater.  He heard a digitized voice yell, "I
just love today's Technology!!!!!" Mike pushed himself back, escaping the
grip.  He ran out of the class, only to run into the madman, in full color
this time.  He slowly walked back into the computer class.  He kept
thinking to himself, It's a dream, it's a dream.  He pulled his hands
around his head, and noticed, out of the corner of his eye, the computers
were falling into peices.  Parts of the computers flew at him, surrounding
him with metal.  He felt like he was one with the computer.  He shot an
electric shot at Freddy, who fell to the floor, apparently dead.  Mike
smiled to himself.  Suddenly, dream-Peter was looking at him.
        "Mike is that you?  What are you doing in my dream?"
        "I just killed that Freddy guyieieie!!"  Freddy reached up from the
ground, pulling out cords. in Mike's body.  Freddy bent Mike over, and
shoved him headfirst into the only remaining computer.
        Freddy laughed and yelled, "Don't you just hate it when your
computer CRASHES, Peter?"  Peter screamed, and awoke from his desk, still
screaming.
        The teacher looked at him.  "What are you screaming for, Peter?"
        "Mike!  He's dead!"
        "Mike who?  You must have just had a bad dream!  Calm down!"
        Peter stood up, and moved to the desk where Mike sat.  There was a
large message on the computer.  It said, "3, 4, Better Lock Your Door!"
The file then deleted itself, and Peter could swear he heard maniacal
laughter.

        It was ten-thirty, the time they had agreed on for facing Freddy.
Freddy had confused them, sending them to different rooms of his
dreamwold.
        Kelly appeared in the boiler room.  She suddenly realized that she
had a splitting headache, and she looked into a mirror.  But then she
noticed that it was not a mirror.  It was her, an exact copy of herself.
She tried to make more, and succeeded in making three others.  All of them
smiled.  Freddy burst into the room from the boiler.  "Well, well, well.
I see you'll be providing me with five times the fun!"  He sliced at one,
which died right away.  The others surrounded him, kicking him with their
$200 high heels.  In turn, Freddy killed each one, until only the original
was left.  She twisted and turned, trying to elude Freddy's clutches.  She
ran out the door, and into the mall.  She looked behind her, and Freddy was
gone.  She made four more copies of herself, and ran into a clothing store.
All the manikens were wearing a striped sweater and a dirty brown hat.
Their faces turned to that of Freddy's, and they moved towards each of the
copies.  "Five of you, five of me! It's only fair..."  Freddy laughed, and
Kelly screamed.  As if they were in a hall of mirrors, every Freddy killed
every Kelly at the exact same time.
        Julie found herself in a carnaval.  There was a large funhouse, and
there was a large clowns-head fun house.  She walked inside the tounge
ramp, and the mouth closed.  The face's features reformed themselves,
turning into that of Freddy.  Julie slipped down what appeared to be a
throat slide.   She was inside what looked like a human stomach.  There
were humanoid bodies stuck to the sides, screaming.  She saw a cheetah, who
turned into Tracy, a robot, with a mechanical face like Mikes, five
Kelly's, and a doctor she vaugely recalled that died in a mental hospital
in Springfield... a doctor Nancy something.  They were all screaming out to
her, and Mike shouted, "Look out!!!!"
        Julie looked behind her.  Freddy  was standing there, waving his
hand at his stomach.  "I thought you'd like to see your accomadations
before you move into them... forever!  So, Julie, getting to know me,
INSIDE AND OUT?"  He laughed, and lunged at her.  She suddenly vanished,
appearing in back of Freddy.  She kicked him, then when Freddy turned
around, she was riding him piggyback.  She pulled him to the ground, and
vanished again.  When she appeared again, she stomped on his head, and then
vanished.  Freddy stood up extremely fast, and twirled around.  Julie
appeared right around his razor hand.  She grasped her stomach in pain, and
flew into the wall of Freddy's stomach.  Freddy vanished, and she was left
with all the other souls.
        Three of the souls started singing, "5, 6, grab your crucifix..."

        Mark, Robin, Peter and Christina were all together, in a jungle
glade, near a waterfall. "Where's Kelly and Julie?"  Mark asked.  The
waterfall slowly turned pink, then blood red. Freddy jumped out of the
bloodfall.  Moving at lightning speed, Mark whizzed around him, striking
superfast punches. But Freddy flipped Mark over, into the pool.  Covered in
blood, Mark climbed out.  Peter grabbed a rock, which disintegrated in his
hand.  He started to glow, and fired out a ball of energy!
        "Cool! Just like the comics!!" Peter yelled!  Mark, now partially
cleaned of the blood, punched Freddy.  Freddy sliced at Peter, who fell
backwards.  Mark continued fighting.  Robin rushed to Peter's side, healing
the wound quickly.  Freddy picked Mark up, and threw him towards Christina,
who became intangible.  Robin healed Mark.  "We'll never defeat this
madman!"  Peter yelled.
        "Madman! That's it!!!!" Robin yelled.  "Distract him!" Peter
continued to fire the energy balls, disintegrating things to gain more
power.  Mark zoomed around Freddy, and Christina tried to make his glove
intangible.  Robin grabbed onto Freddy's head from behind.
        She could have sworn she heard from the bloodfall, singing.  It
sounded like, "7, 8, Gonna stay up late."
        Robin yelled as she grabbed onto his head, "Got.. to.. Heal.. his..
MMMIIINNNDDD!!"  Freddy fell back, screaming.  His face broke into two. His
glove fell into the water.
        The bloodfall finished it's song, "9, 10, Freddys dead again!" The
blood drained, and the water returned.  The rest of the night was filled
with nothing but pleasant dreams.

                        T       H       E
                    E       N       D      !

                                        Written by: Peter Dimitriadis, and
                                                    Christina Georgopoulos

