        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Canada's       ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [GeoPolitical Role in the]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Future including NAFTA  ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:839   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                               WORLD ISSUES
                   "OUR GEOPOLITICAL ROLE IN THE FUTURE"
                                 ESSAY #1 

     Canada is currently sitting in an economic catastrophe, our
unemployment is high, production low, and our deficit is increasing at a
rapid pace.  We are one of the few first world countries, and we need to
strengthen our economy.  Once we fortify our economy, our geopolitical role
will increase.  Geopolitics is defined as the study of a two-way
relationship between political beliefs and actions on one side and any of
the usual concerns of geography on the other.  As we move into the future,
our geopolitical role may be broken down into many groups.  As we can
tackle the burden alone, we must join forces, and increase our geopolitical
role.

     As we administer towards the future, the concept of acting locally has
slowly dissipated, and acting globally has emerged distinctly. "One word
constantly encountered in any decision about the 1990s is 'global'".
(Toronto Star, 09/11/89)  We must all work together by shattering the trade
boundaries, and acting as one. Currently, we are seeing concrete steps
forward, as Mexico, United States and Canada are almost finished the
signing of NAFTA (North American Free Trade Agreement).  With this trade
agreement, all three countries (Mexico, United States, and Canada) will
virtually become one of the best trading partners in the world.  With the
vast differences that exist in the demographics, all three countries will
find that trading with each other will bring prominent economic reform.
Canadian and American capital, technology, and management expertise, will
create many jobs for everyone, hence raising the standard of living.  The
Canadians speciality in financial services, software, and infrastructure
will have wondrous impact on Mexico.    With the Americans and Canadians
help in vitalizing Mexico, l strongly believe we will all become one single
country in the future.  Since the United States is the strongest of all
three, the new country will be named the United States of North America.
Becasue the United States is currently the biggest and only superpower of
the world, the addition of Canada (vast resources and open land), and
Mexico (substantial labour power), the United States of North America will
be one of the largest dominating forces in the world.  However, this will
not be used against the other countries unjustly, but harmoniously.
Moreover, we will not be the only countries of present day to join
together, as many countries around the globe will do the same. This will
help us erupt out of our boundaries and help all nations of the world.
90% of the world's total aid is given by first world countries.  "the
reasons range from a desire to win political friends, to increase domestic
business and to relieve guilt over the First World's inequitable use of the
world's resources and its colonial interventions of the past." (World
Prospects 1987)  I believe that the first world countries have a
responsibility to aid the less fortunate, because we hold most of the
resources and wealth.  In the future, former Canada, Mexico, and the United
States will introduce new technology, infrastructure, and medicine to these
countries, helping them achieve first or second world status.

     Since USNA (United States of North America) will have erased the
borders, l believe that we will produce more advanced technological
products, and will allow more manufactured goods from other countries to
enter tariff free, allowing us for cheaper products without hurting our own
industries.

     The USNA's will introduce policies on birth control around the world,
and educate the importance of limiting birth.  This will be very important,
because our earth has finally reached its full capacity.  Another way that
we can help, is allowing immigrants from other countries to migrate in our
open lands to the north (former Canada).

     The Environment is becoming ever so important, as we are destroying
our ozone, creating massive heaps of garbage, demolishing our rainforests,
industrial pollution, and much more. A world wide attempt shall be made by
all countries which will be enforced by USNA.  Strict laws will be passed,
and large industries will make a valiant effort to control their pollution,
as well as helping others realize their destruction to earth.  Industries
must contribute, because they have tremendous powers in the economy, and
political decisions.

     As we lead ourselves into the future, Canada's geopolitical role will
be shared with the United States, and Mexico, after the signing of USNA.
The geopolitical role of USNA will include free trade, migration,
population policies, environmental reform, foreign aid, as well as energy
development, resource use and territorial control.  USNA will harmoniously
create a world in which united efforts will have linked all the countries
in the world to become one.  This will be a difficult and lengthy task
which may take many years.  Until that time, their geopolitical role in the
future will see that all the nations of the world, work to combat
pollution, introduce new trading zones, lessening the gap of the rich and
poor, so that poverty will not exist, and introducing methods of birth
control that will please everbody.
