        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Europe's       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    ["Great War for Empire"  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:602   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     
               MODERN EUROPEAN HISTORY: ESSAY #4

     The Great War for Empire was one of the most important factors in
shaping the economic and political futures for all of Europe in the
eighteenth century and for all time to come.  In this essay I will discuss
the causes, the events, and finally the results of this important war,
which consisted of the War of Austrian Succession and the Seven Years' War.

     The War of the Austrian Succession began as King Frederick II gained
the throne to Prussia, and in less than a year ordered his troops to take
and occupy the large Austrian province of Silesia. The leader of Austria
was Maria Theresa; Although she was an inexperienced leader, she was
capable of arousing other groups (like the Magyars of Hungary) to help her
not re-take Silesia, but to maintain the Hapsburg dynasty as a major
political power. France was also one of these powers to fight, they did not
want a powerful army to emerge in Prussia and to ever become an strong
enemy (ironically, that's just what happens).  The wealthy British
merchants pushed England to financially assist the Prussian aggressors, in
the hope of weakening France and winning other fights off-continent.

     The causes which led up to the Seven Years' War, were very similar to
those just eight years previously.  King Frederick invaded another
province, Saxony, and this triggered another alliance between Austria and
France with the goal to totally destroy Prussia.  There was also a growing
conflict facing France and Great Britain that  would continue to increase
in momentum. This war was the prelude to what American would call "The
French and Indian War" in which these two European countries would fight
for land in the Americas.

     The events of the War of Austrian Succession, fortuitously for France,
worked out exactly as Great Britain planned it.  The French resources of
war were divided between the Americas and the fight against Prussia.  The
eight year war was a fight between the superior army and resources of Great
Britain and the strategic mastery of French generals, like Marshal Maurice
de Saxe, who led many successful battles.  The war eventually ended in a
stalemate, with Austria not regaining Silesia, but it definitely proven
itself able to fend off any other battles from Prussia--thanks to Great
Britain's help. The war brought to a peace by the Treaty of Aix-la-
Chapelle.

     In the Seven Years' War, the issues was simply the survival of
Prussia, surrounded by three powerful enemies, Austria, France, and Russia.
Prussia began winning the war for many battles, but eventually it began to
suffer great defeats from being overwhelmed by enemies.  Prussia survived,
however, because of Great Britain's financial help, and the
enemy-turned-friend empire of Russia, thanks to a new leader.  Prussia
managed to stay strong again and the war ended with the Treaty of Paris.

     These two wars resulted in changing or putting many major countries
involved in a different level of power.  Austria was without major land it
once had, but had not developed more independence.  Prussia had gained land
and turned the Holy Roman Empire into an empty shell.  France was put in a
minor disorder, and was much worse off then previously.  England benefitted
the most by "distracting" French forces in the Americas and gaining a great
amount of land; England became known as a true world power.

     The results of the Great War for Empire changed the economic and
political destinies of many countries of Europe.  I believe that this
entire war completely changed the destiny of the United States in the long
term, and thankfully it did.
