        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Issue of Gun   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Control & Violence      ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [in Canada & the US      ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:2502  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 Part I:Introduction

   The issue of gun control and violence, both in Canada and the United
States, is one that simply will not go away. If history is to be any guide,
no matter what the resolution to the gun control debate is, it is probable
that the arguments pro and con will be much the same as they always have
been. In 1977, legislation was passed by the Canadian Parliament regulating
long guns for the first time, restructuring the availability of firearms,
and increasing a variety of penalties . Canadian firearms law is primarily
federal, and "therfore national in scope, while the bulk of the firearms
regulation in the United States is at the state level; attempts to
introduce stricter leglislation at the federal level are often defeated".

   The importance of this issue is that not all North Americans are
necessarily supportive of strict gun control as being a feasible
alternative to controlling urban violence. There are concerns with the
opponents of gun control, that the professional criminal who wants a gun
can obtain one, and leaves the average law-abiding citizen helpless in
defending themselves against the perils of urban life . Is it our right to
bear arms as North Americans ? Or is it privilege? And what are the
benefits of having strict gun control laws? Through the analysis of the
writings and reports of academics and experts of gun control and urban
violence, it will be possible to examine the issues and theories of the
social impact of this issue. Part II: Review of the Literature A) Summary

  In a paper which looked at gun control and firearms violence in North
America, Robert J. Mundt, of the University of North Carolina, points out
that "Crime in America is popularly perceived [in Canada] as something to
be expected in a society which has less respect for the rule of law than
does Canadian society..." . In 1977, the Canadian government took the
initiative to legislate stricter gun control. Among the provisions
legislated by the Canadian government was a "Firearms Acquisition
Certificate" for the purchase of any firearm, and strengthened the
"registration requirements for handguns and other restricted weapons..." .

    The purpose of the 1977 leglislation was to reduce the availability of
firearms, on the assumption that there is a "positive relationship between
availability and use". In Robert J. Mundt's study, when compared with the
United States, trends in Canada over the past ten years in various types of
violent crime, suicide, and accidental death show no dramatic results, "and
few suggestions of perceptible effects of the 1977 Canadian gun control
legislation". The only positive effect , Mundt, found in the study was the
decrease in the use of firearms in robbery with comparion to trends in the
United States . Informed law enforcement officers in Canada, as in the
United States, view the "impact of restricting the availability of firearms
is more likely to impact on those violent incidents that would not have
happened had a weapon been at hand"(152).

   In an article by Gary A. Mauser of the Simon Fraser University in
British Columbia, he places special emphasis on the attitudes towards
firearms displayed by both Canadians and Americans. According to Mauser,
large majorities of the general public in both countries "support gun
control legislation while simultaneously believing that they have the right
to own firearms" (Mauser 1990:573). Despite the similarities, there are
apparent differences between the general publics in the two countries. As
Mauser states that "Canadians are more deferent to authority and do not
support the use of handguns in self defence to the same extent as
Americans".

   As Mauser points out that "it has been argued that cultural differences
account for why Canada has stricter gun control legislation than the United
States"(575). Surprisingly enough, nationwide surveys in both Canada and
the United States "show remarkable similarity in the public attitude
towards firearms and gun control"(586). Both Canada and the United States
were originally English colonies, and both have historically had similar
patterns of immigration. Moreover, Canadians are exposed to American
television (both entertainment and news programming) and, Canadians and
Americans read many of the same books and magazines. As a result of this,
the Canadian public has adopted "much of the American culture" .
   
   In an article by Catherine F. Sproule and Deborah J. Kennett of Trent
University, they looked at the use of firearms in Canadian homicides
between the years of 1972-1982. There findings firmly support the
conclusion that gun control is beneficial. According to Sproule and
Kennett, gun control "may be influencing some suspects to kill by other
methods, but it is less likely for these suspects to kill multiple
victims". From the study conducted by Sproule and Kennett the rate of
violent crimes was five times greater in the U.S than Canada, and "almost
double the rate of firearm use in American than Canadian homicides"
(32-33). In short, the use of firearms "in Canadian homicides has declined
since the legislative changes in gun control in 1977".

   As mentioned in lectures, Canadian cities have been traditionally safer,
and less vulnerable to 'Crime Waves' than our American neighbours due to
our extensive police force and gun control laws . A factor to be
considered, though, is our national heritage or culture which holds
traditions of passiveness and peace unlike the American Frontier heritage.
From our textbook, Why Nothing Works , Marvin Harris points out that the
"American Constitution guarantees citizens the right to bear arms, and this
has made it possible for U.S. criminals to obtain firearms more readily
than their counterparts in countries like Japan...". Marvin Harris
indicates that "the high rate of homicide in the United States undoubtedly
reflects, to some extent, the estimated 50 million handguns and rifles
legally and illegally owned by the American people" (122). As demonstrated
in the film: Cops, Guns, and Drugs, the problem with controlling urban
violence in the United States is that it is out of proportion in contrast
to the available police force.

   In his book, The Saturday Night Special , Robert Sherrill explains the
cheap, usually illegal, easily concealed handgun that plays a part in so
many crimes in the United States. He reviews the role of guns in American
life -from the shoot-outs of the Old West to the street violence of today.
According to Sherrill, "most murders occur in shabby neighbourhoods; of the
690 murders in Detroit in 1971, for example, 575 occurred in the black
slums mostly by handguns". As a Detroit sociologist added to this alarming
figure:"Living in a frustrating stress-inducing environment like the United
States every day of your life makes many people walking powder kegs" (38).
In agreement with this statement, Sherrill suggests that the hardest hit of
all American urban centres is the inter-cities of Los Angeles, New York,
Detroit, and Washington. These cities largely consist of visible minorities
who are frustrated with the hand dealt to them, and simply resort to
"drugs, guns, and violence" as a way of life . As discussed in lecture, and
viewed in the film: Cops, Guns, and Drugs, many of the youth in the
underclass who become involved in this way of life ,"are considered to be
old if they live past the age of 20" .

    In another paper by Catherine F. Sproule and Deborah J. Kennett, they
compared the incidence of killings by handguns, firearms other than
handguns, and nonshooting methods between the United States and Canada for
the years 1977 to 1983. In their study they found that "in Canada there
were 443 handgun killings per 100,000 people compared to 4108 in the U.S.
over the period of 1977-1983" . They also noted that the "American murder
rates for handguns are higher than the total Canadian homicide rate"(249).
According to Sproule and Kennett, "Canada's favourable situation regarding
murder relative to the United States is to a large measure the result of
Canadian gun control, and Canadians must be vigilant against any erosion of
our gun control provisions" (250). B:Comparison:

   The works cited above are based on research done by experts and scholars
in the field of gun control and violence. Examining the above materials can
identify similarities and differences found in the various cited sources,
such arguments for and against gun control policy in North America. It is
clearly evident to see that opponents of strict gun control will have
similar arguments. Firstly, they are usually defending each other against
their opponents of the issue, and they see the benefits as far more greater
than the setbacks. The introduction of the 1977 legislation by the Canadian
government strongly suggests that the country will benefit by having a
safer society, and reduction in crime. According to Robert J. Mundt, a
benefit reaped by this legislation has been a "trend away from the use of
firearms in robberies has been noticeable ever since the passage of the gun
control provisions of the 1977 Bill C-51 (Criminal Law Amendment Act)".
Mauser mentions that Canadians are "more supportive of stricter controls on
handguns than are Americans...Moreover, Canadians appear to be less
supportive of home owners using firearms to defend themselves than are
Americans" (Mauser:587). This evaluation by Mauser suggests that Canadians
do have confidence in gun control, and law enforcement in controlling the
safety of their well-being.

   Similarities can also be cited in the works of Harris and Sherrill which
discuss the effects of having 'the right to bear arms' in the United
States. According to Marvin Harris, Why Nothing Works , there "has been a
steady increase in the availability of firearms since 1945, this may
account for much of the increase in the homicide rate" in the United
States. Harris also suggests that America has "developed a unique permanent
racial underclass" which provide conditions for both the motive and
opportunity for violent criminal behaviour (123). In Sherrill's book, The
Saturday Night Special , a major topic of concern is the status structure
of the street gang in which "success in defense of the turf brings
deference and reputation...Here the successful exercise of violence is a
road to achievement". As Sherrill mentions, this violence is exercised by
the means of a gun that can be easily obtained in the United States due to
the easy accessibility of guns.

    There are also some worthwhile differences found in the literature
cited above. For one, Sproule and Kennett , indicate that gun ownership in
the United States is "inversely related to individuals lack of confidence
in collective institutions to protect their security of person and
property...". Robert Sherrill believes that the vast majority of people who
own guns , "simply own them because it is a part of their American
heritage, and the constitution gives them 'the right to bear
arms'"(1973:225). He suggests that Americans choose to practice their civil
liberties to its entirety.

   Other notable differences in the literature is Mauser's view for the
differences in the gun-control legislation between the two countries.
Mauser states that the cause for this is "the differences in political
elites and institutions rather than in public opinion" (1990:587). Due to
Canada's political structure, it is a lot easier to make and approve laws
in comparison with the United States Congress structure. Part III: Thesis
Statement

  After researching all the data collected from the library and the use of
course-related materials, I have formulated my own theory on the social
impact of gun control and violence in North America. Going back to the
introduction, I have asked the reader two questions :(1) Is it our right to
bear arms as North Americans? Or is it a privilege?, and (2) What are the
benefits of having strict gun control laws? It appears to me that much of
the literature cited above looks at gun control as being a feasible
alternative in reducing homicides and armed robbery. From the authors cited
above, there findings undermine the apparent claim of gun control opponents
in their slogan `people kill, guns don't '. The introduction of gun control
in Canada significantly shows that Canadian gun control, especially the
provisions pertaining to handguns, does have the beneficial effect of
reducing violent crime, and saving lives. Part IV: Analysis And Conclusions

   When looking at the 1977 Canadian Legislation of gun control, it is easy
to see that there is some bias and assumptions present. For one, it assumes
that left to its own devices the legislation will make it virtually
impossible for a criminal to obtain a handgun. Secondly, there is an
assumption that if a person doesn't have a criminal record (it doesn't
neccessarily mean that they are law- abiding) then they are eligible to
obtain a firearm with an FAC (firearms Acquisition Certificate). With the
implementation of Bill C-51, a `Black Market' for illegal handguns has
emerged from the United States into Canada, making it extremely easy for
the professional criminal to obtain a firearm.

   It can be agreed that since the implementation of Bill C-51 in 1977,
Canada has remained relatively safe in incidents involving firearms in
comparison to the United States. The assumption of many Americans, is that
having the right to bear arms increases their security is open to dispute.
It is just as reasonable to assume that restricting the `right to bear
arms' will increase the safety and security of a society. In accordance
with many sociologists beliefs, is that Canada historically hasn't
experienced the problems of crime, that the United States has, because of
it's central police force.
   
    In addition, Sproule and Kennett view the significant effect of gun
control is the method of killing. Although "gun control may be influencing
some suspects to kill by other methods, it is less likely for these
suspects to kill multiple victims". As witnessed by the American media,
mass murder in public is much more a common occurrence in the U.S. than
Canada. It is safe to say that gun control has saved the lives of potential
innocent victims of crime.

   Furthermore, as was mentioned in class discussion and lectures, the
strength or influences of the mass media to glorify violence has had
detrimental effects on North American society. In some ways, the act of
violence has been desensitised and glorified rather than being displayed as
an unacceptable form of behaviour. This portrayal by the media, has made
handguns and other firearms seem fashionable in the eyes of our youth and
general population in North America. This unquestionably places our law
enforcement agencies at a considerable disadvantage, simply because it
erodes the confidence and trust displayed in them by the general public.

   Presently, Canada does have the advantage of gun control unlike the U.S.
situation. We are now living in an environment that has seen dramatic
increase in violent crime, over a short period of time. Whether the United
States adopts a gun control policy similar to Canada's, remains to be seen.
As for Canadians, we must maintain confidence  in the police and justice
system to protect our collective security as an important means by which to
deter gun acquisition.
