        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Hemmingway.    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:654   School:Public - COED   State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                    Autobiography on Hemingway

                        Earnest Hemingway

     Earnest Miller Hemingway was borin in Oak Park Illinois. After
graduating from high school, he got a job at a paper called "Kansas City
Star". Hemingway continually tried to enter the military, but his defective
eye, hindered this task. Hemingway had managed to get a job driving an
American Red Cross ambulance. During this expedition, he was injured and
hospitalized. Hemingway had an affinity for a particular nurse at that
hospital, her name was Agnes von Kurowsky. Hemingway continually proposed
to her, and she continually denied. When Hemingway healed his injuries, he
moved back to Michigan, and had wanted to write again. Hemingway married
Hadley Richardson and was working in France, as a foreign corespondent, for
the "Toronto Star". In 1925, he wrote a book called "In Our Time", which
was marketed in New York. The next year he published a book called "The Sun
Also Rises", a novel where he had his first success. The book deals with a
group of desultory people in exile from France and Spain-members of the
"lost generation", a phrase made famous by Hemingway himself.

     In post-war years, Hemingway spent most of his time writing books.
But, when his first marriage failed, and produced a son, John, he had
married Pauline Pfeiffer, who had his next 2 children. Based in Paris, he
had travelled for skiing, bullfighting, fishing, or hunting that by then
had become what most of his work was all about. Hemingway, started writing
short stories, among them was "Men Without Women" in 1927, and "A Farewell
to Arms" in 1929. This story ("A Farewell to Arms"), shows a lovestory
within a war time setting. Many people believe that Hemingway, did his
writing at this period of his life. He once confessed "If I had not been
hunting and fishing, I would have probably been writing." (Hemingway 283
(3)). Hemingway's stories were based on adventure, and different aspects of
it. His love of spain, and his love of bullfighting, led him to write a
book called "Death in the Afternoon". During the 1930's, Spain was in a
civil war, still having ties in Spain, Hemingway made 4 trips their. He
raised money, for a party called the "Loyalists". He wrote a book about it
called "The Fifth Column". In this book, the narrator is the protagonist.
From more experience in spain, he wrote a book called "Whom the Bell Tolls"
in 1940. This book was the most successful writing, based on sales of the
book.

     All of Hemingway's life, has been fascinated by wars. For example, in
"A Farewell to Arms", he focussed on how war had no meaning, and was
futile. Following the war in Europe, Hemingway returned to his home in
Cuba, and his fourth marriage was with Mary Welsh-a correspondent whom he
had met in London and whom he would be married to for the last time. In
1953, Hemingway recieved a Pulitzer prize for his book "The Old Man and the
Sea". As one critic put it "Hemingway was a cheerful, irascible, by turns
generous, and selfish, expansive and egocentric. Hemingway was hedonistic
and dedicated, in love with life and yet by his own admission obsessed with
death." (Hemingway 221 (2)) By 1960, Hemingway was driven out of Cuba
(Because of Castro), and moved to Finca, and then he moved to a house in
Ketchum, Idaho. Hemingway was suffering from severe depression, and anxiety
attacks. He had gone to the mayo clinic in Massachusettes, to recieve
electro-shock therapy, but it didn't work out for him at all. Later that
same year, Hemingway ended his life, with a shot gun.

                          Bibliography

1)Baker, Carlos H.
 Hemmingway:A Life Story
 Scribner, 1969
2)Lynn, Kenneth S.
 Hemmingway
 Simon & Schuster, 1987
3)McDowell, Nicholas.
 Hemingway
 Rourke, 1989
4)Meyers, Jeffrey
 Hemingway:A Biography
 Harper, 1985
5)Lovelock, James
 Hemingway
 Harvard University Press, 1985
