        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Canada's       ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Ideal Population        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:1476  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                       CANADA'S IDEAL POPULATION
                               WHAT IS IT ?
                                    AND
                        HOW SHOULD IT BE ACHIEVED ?

     Population growth, is it desirable?   So many things run through my
mind when I ask myself that question.   I believe that I would desire a
higher population , but to an extent.   Too high of a population would
spell disaster in many ways.

     In each geography class I've taken, we have always covered the issue
of our earths natural resources.   And how if we're not careful and learn
to conserve, we'll run out of them.   Many people have been saying this for
a long time, and I think to an extent they are correct.   So the question I
ask myself is this.   How would an increased population affect the amount
of natural resources we have?   Well, to answer this I had to consider our
present world population.   With approximately 5.5 billion people in the
world, it has been estimated that our natural resources will be used up in
a few hundred years.   Just think what an increase in our population would
do to the level of resources.   We would probably have our resources down
to nothing in a matter of generations.   What people are forgetting is that
scientists will always be working on new inventions, and are bound to come
up with some alternate manufactured resource that people can use as a
substitute to all the gasses, gasoline and other oil products.

     Other problems that would occur due to an increase in population are,
an increase in taxes. More people would be using facilities funded by
taxes, like schools, school supplies, utilities, conservation areas,
prisons, courts both provincial and federal, as well as other government
services such as snow clearing, and lets not forget that the government has
salaries too, and our taxes pay for them.

     I also believe there would be problems with a decrease in population.
So Canadians probably wont be to pleased that population decline is likely
to occur soon.   Some of the problems of decreased population that would
have disastrous effects are as follows.   Taxes would go up even higher
than if there was an increase in population because there would be less
people paying taxes.   The government would have to raise taxes because
they would need to compensate for the loss.  I also think the general
quality of life and living standards would decrease because there would be
less people working.   After if there is a lower population there is less
demand for goods and services therefore less jobs would be available.
Prices of those goods and services would increase to compensate for the
loss of business.  On the other hand the natural resources wouldn't deplete
as quickly if the population decreased.   Because there would be less
people living in any given area, more properties would become abandoned
thus producing more area to ride recreational vehicles.
                                                                                                                            
     I would really enjoy that aspect of a decrease in population. But who
knows whether or not my friends would still be around to hang out with.
With such a demand lost,  probably all business would have to reconstruct
their business to suit the situation.

     If population growth was deemed desirable which I think it should be,
it would best be achieved through the use of many different methods.   The
decreased use of various birth control methods.

     Not only through the non-use of birth control can the effect be
achieved though.   After all not everyone can afford to bring new life into
the world.   Therefore I propose that serious financial incentives be
introduced.   Enough money to supplement the entire cost of the birth and
the cost of raising the child for a minimum of sixteen years.

     Unfortunately killing birth control wont quite cover the amount of
people that need to be brought into canada.  It would be necessary to have
more immigrants come into the country.   That would mean lowering the level
of standards already in effect for immigrants trying to get into our
country.

     To complement this we would have to distribute the immigrants evenly
throughout the country so the under developed parts of Canada have a better
chance of survival.

     If the immigrant distribution has to be done correctly, meaning that
everyone should be mixed in, including Canadians, so no one particular
ethnic group, or people with different beliefs feel singled out.

     I think Canada's ideal population should include people from many
different countries.   That's why immigrants should be encouraged to enter
from everywhere.   Unfortunately, just like in the 1930's, immigration to
Canada is at a very low rate.   Back then almost all Canadians were
antagonistic towards new immigrants because of the sacrity of jobs across
the country.   Now-a-day's most of our white population feels they're being
discriminated against because their chances of getting a job are almost
nil.....nothing.....ZIPPO !!!!!!

     Many people are too quick to turn away immigrants.   I don't think we
realize the potential behind allowing them into our country, and giving
them a chance, Actually letting them speak. After all a white, black, and
chinese man can all work the same job.   One colour or creed shouldn't
affect their work.   As long as they're qualified for the job there should
be no reason for declining them the position.   But, not every person has
the same ideas.  Not everyone thinks the same way.  Therefore it would be
beneficial to everyone if we collaborated our ideas.  It leads to a more
beneficial conclusion.   More beneficial to everyone because their ideas
will be part of the conclusion.

     That is why it would be in everyone's best interest to increase the
domestic natural increase rate.

     If immigration is encouraged, which would be beneficial to Canada, it
should be stated in the agreement of acceptance to Canada, where that
immigrant must live, and for the number of years he/she must live there.
It would bring more population to the lower populated area's.   Thus more
business would be needed because of the increase in demand.   Thus more
jobs can be created further away from core area's such as Toronto and
Vancouver.

     There would of course have to be an incentive to being placed where
your going to live.   Especially if it's a region where population density
is only 0.1 people per kilometre like in the North West Territories.   What
I propose is that the government lower their monthly taxes for a period of
time.   As well as interest free loans for those who want to start or open
their own business.   Perhaps a 50% savings on the building of a house.
Really the possibilities are endless since there are different types of
incentives for different types of land.   Once the incentives are started
the government should continue to give them until an area is built up
enough to support itself.

     To help the immigrants, the government could also offer incentives to
Canadian citizens to move to a particular geographical location.

     It would be necessary to do this so the new developing regions
aeronaut only immigrants.   They would feel as if they were outcasts,
probably end up revolting, and a war would start.

     There are many factors affecting Canada's population.   Each as
important as the next.  Some are in favour of high population favourable,
and some are in favour of low population.   So it is very difficult to
determine what Canada's ideal population should be.

     I think Canada's ideal population should be about 125,000,000. That
way we would at least be pulling our weight for population density.  There
would be a lot more business being done in day-to- day activities.   There
would be no excessively poor areas if we are to completely mix our ethnic
groups and immigrants.

     It would be necessary to use all forms of our population increasing
procedures.  Even some not mentioned in this paper. Although many of these
approaches are costly, it would be very proficient for us all to have the
whole country working collectively.

      With all of Canada operating together, we would reach our optimum
efficiency.  Only through the combining of our races will we be able to
keep everyone happy.   Only through combined ideas of everyone, including
the immigrants and ethnic groups other than our own, will we be able to
attain more productive processes.

     Only with these new processes will we be able to operate our
businesses, assembly lines, and other jobs to our fullest potential.

     I also strongly believe that we will find new resources, or invent
more efficient ones before we actually run out of the old. So I really
don't think running out of resources is going to be problem in the future.

     That's why I think Canada's ideal population should be 125,000,000.
And It can be accomplished through the methods discussed in this analysis.
I imagine we can all get over being a little crowded as long as we're all
kept happy.   Which we will because of our countries new capabilities.
