        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Jewish History          ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:1167  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                              
                         Jewish History

     The Jews are a people with a multitude of dilemmas.  From the
Israelite tribes to the prosperous modern day Israel , bigotry towards the
Jews has been greatly evident.  The Jewish race has acted as Escape Goat
for many crisis throughout history including the black plaque which swept
across Europe in the 14th century. The establishment of Israel was a great
incident was something the Jewish people were striving to obtain for
generations.  This, however, led to four major conflicts between Israel and
the Arab countries.  One of the most meaningful wars was the Six-Day War.
Events such as the holocaust have also had a dramatic effect on world
history and whose mysteries are still being unravelled.

     For twelve years following 1933 the Jews were persecuted by the
Nazi's. Jewish businesses were boycotted and vandalized.  By 1939,Jews were
no longer citizens,could not attend public schools,engage in practically
any business or profession, own any land, associate with any non-Jew or
visit public places such as parks and museums.  The victories of the German
armies in the early years of World War II brought the majority of European
Jewry under the Nazis.  The Jews were deprived of human rights.  The Jewish
people were forced to live in Ghetto's which were separated from the main
city.  Hitler's plan of genocide was carried out with efficiency.  The
total number of Jews exterminated has been calculated at around 5,750,000.

     In Warsaw ,where approximately 400,000 Jews had once been
concentrated,was reduced to a population of 60,000.  They,virtually
unarmed, resisted the German deportation order and had held back the
regular German troops equipped with flame throwers,armoured cards, and
tanks for nearly a month.  This heroism was similar to the revolt which
took place around 165BC.  This uprising was led by the Maccabees, a
provincial priestly family (also called Hasmoneans).  They recaptured the
Temple and rededicated it to the God of Israel.  The Maccabees made there
last stand on a mountain and was able to hold back the syrians for more
then a month.  There is a distinct similarity between the two stories and
that is possibly why they are both recognised as holidays in the Jewish
faith.

     These horrific events of the holocaust have let to some consequences
which are beneficial and some are unfortunate to the Jewish people.  The
population of the followers has greatly declined.  Also the Jewish people
after the war still had problems finding jobs.  They had to essentially
start there life over.  Most of them lost a close relative or at least knew
someone who died in the gas chambers of the Nazi concentration camps.  This
has put a psychological strain on Jewish survivors or no longer having
family and friends with them for support.  This event has awaken the world
up to the needs of the Jewish people.  It has given them political power
and a  justification for some of their actions.

     On May recognised,1945 ,the end of World War II was seen. Organized
Jewry in the European continent was damaged beyond repair.  The Jews
concentrated on the preservation of Israel and on the bringing of Nazi war
criminals to trial.

     There is a day of commemoration, Holocaust Day, observed in Israel and
elsewhere on Nisan (April) 19 and 20.  The date is considered the
anniversary of the beginning of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.

     The emergence of Israel as a Jewish state on the former territory of
Palestine was the central political issue of the Middle East after World
War II.  A movement was established to work on the reestablishment of the
Jewish national state of Israel. This movement was given the name Zionism.
The Zionists were full of energy,enthusiasm, and skill which led to
remarkable accomplishments.  Israel was a modern European state in an
underdeveloped area.  This was the source of there problems and their
achievements.

     The Jews received vast amounts of financial and military support from
Western governments.  The Israelis also benefitted from a highly trained
and motivated citizenry to create a unique nation-state.

     It had taken the Zionists seventy years to purchase 7 per cent of
Palestine.  Now the UN was offering them another 50 per cent. The partition
plan was objected by all of that Arab and Palestinian Arab governments.
The Zionists excepted the plan.  They however were upset that Jerusalem was
excluded from the Jewish state.

     The Jews were the most fertile land including the citrus groves upon
which the Arabs depended on for their living.   Many of the nations of the
world felt guilt or grief of the Hitler era. This is what is believed to
have pressured the United Nations to establish a Jewish state.

     The partition of Palestine was greatly important to both Jewish
history and world history.  It gave the Jews a place to seek refuge in
during the Nazi persecutions.  This led to a change in the nature of
Zionist activities.  They became more violent.  The Jewish army called
Haganah(defense)was formed to protect Israel from Arab attacks.   This is
remembered as a historic event for it has greatly effected the lives of
present day Middle East and all other countries.
     
     The cause of the Six-Day War of June 1967 was Egypt's closure of the
Strait of Tiran.  This war focused on the issue of Israel's legitimacy.
Withdrawal of the UN troops after May 16 signified to the Israelis that
ultimately they would be responsible for their own defense.  From this war
the jews regained control of the West Bank of the Jordan River.  Syria was
pushed by a frontal assault through the Golan Heights and threatened
Damascus.
     
     The United Nation security council managed to execute a cease- fire on
June 11th.  By this time the Arab states had lost territory, much of their
productive capacity, and a large amounts of revenue.  Their mental and
political defeat set the tone for the events of the following years.  The
defeat of the Arab governments also gave a powerful force to the Palestine
guerrilla movement.

     The Wailing Wall is on of Judaism's most honoured holy places. With
the original United Nation's partition it was located in Old Jerusalem,
previously occupied by Jordan.  The Six Day was returned it to its rightful
owners , Israel.

     As is clearly visible through these few examples the Jewish race have
had a very trailing history.  This however is only a small representation
of the rest of the Jewish problems.  War , for example, is still present.
In 1991 in the Persian Gulf Israel was continuously bombed by Iraq.  If
Israel would have fought back chances are there would have had most of the
Arabian countries join in with Iraq to eliminate the common enemy.
Therefor the problems are yet not resolved yet it seems there is never a
perfect solution to any problem.


Bibliography

1. Holocaust : the Jewish tragedy
   Gilbert,Martin, 
   COLLI 1986

2. Israel & the Arabs: The June 1967 War
   Facts on file, INC.  New York, N.Y.
   1968

3. The Holocaust in Historical Perspective
   Yehuda Bauer
   University of Washington Press
   1978
