        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Kuwait         ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:917   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                          THE MIDDLE EAST IN HISTORY

    To understand the Middle East is to understand our own origins, but
still it is much more. It is the land of the earliest civilizations brought
up on earth. An understanding of this area means the exploration of one's
past and ancestors. To understand this unique fertile land is to get to
know the pople and countries of this land, to trace their footsteps over
the centuries and to try and see the world through their eyes both in the
past and future. In the following pages I will talk about one of these
countries, Kuwait, and show it  potential capability, what it has to offer
to it's people and how it struggles to get along day by day.

    Kuwait, a name that has resently benn known due to it's relationship to
the oil is situated at the western top of the Arabian Gulf. As seen on the
map, Kuwait is sorrounded by Iraq and Saudi Arabia, all of which seem to
occupy a bigger land area than this small helpful and peacful nation.
Kuwait's population exeeds 1.9 million people and covers a total land area
of more then 6 800 square miles. It's goverment is a constitutional
monarchy led by the Amir Jabir al-Ahmad al-Jabir Al-Sabah and his crown
prince Sheikh Sa'ad Al-Abdullah al-Salim Al- Sabah.

    Kuwait's major cities are Kuwait city, with a population of 46 00
located at 29.20N,48.00E, Salmiyah, with a population of 154 000 located at
29.20N, 48.00E and Hawali, with a population of 152 000 located at 29.20N,
48.00E. Life expectancy of the average Kuwaiti male is 69 years while the
life expectancy for the female scored 74 years of age.

    The annual rate of growth for the GNP in kuwait is -0.6%. The GNP for
agriculture in Kuwait is 0%, for indusstry 73%, for services is 27% and for
defense is 6%. The major imports of this country are transsport equipment,
manufactured goods, foodstuffs, livestock and machinery. As for it;s
exports Kuwait almost entirley depends on it's crude oil both under the
ground and under the sea.

    Due to the prescense of the Arabian Gulf around and off the shores of
this country, it's fish and shrimp have almost filled the country. Kuwait's
agriculture is almost negligable but not it's industries. Inside Kuwait,
the country has developed industries for produsing oil, fertilizzers,
chemicals, building materials, construction, desalination and for food
processing.

    Inside Kuwait, the main languages to be spoken are Arabic and English.
Kuwait's ethnic groups are basiclly Kuwaiti's(39%),Other Arabs(39%), South
Asians(9%) and Iranians(4%) Sunni Muslims make up most of the country's
religion whils only 15% of the people are Christians and other religions.
During Ramadan(Muslim Holy month)most of the country shops
close...................

    A visa is required by any visitor approaching this country and a letter
of guaranty is required is required grom each buisnessperson.

    The temperature is very hot in Kuwait  and this is  largley due to the
desert covers this region. Lightweight clothing is best recommended except
in winter months. Only then are conservative clothes worth while wearing.
The currency of Kuwait is the Kuwaiti dinar and the goverment receives 110
000 tourists yearly of which it earns more than 170 000 000 dinars.

    Having talked about Kuwait's geographical location and described it's
goverment, resources, religion destribution, ethnic groups and points of
interest, I will know take you back in time to the year 1931 and tell you a
brief plot of how this country was formed.

    Back in 1930 when Britain was in control of the Arabian Peninsula,
their  never existed a country known as Kuwait. This land was a little
Emirate who's people lived largley on the seach for pearls and fish to eat.
It's inhabitant's were no more than 15 000 people and it was known for
being a stop route for people travelling by boat from India back to Jordon,
Saudi Arabia and Iraq. Quickly but gradually, Kuwait began building up it's
population and ocnurt.yI 't samnit aredw saw ti hrIqa , aengibhuo rhwsoec
vilizitaoi naw sht eofnuaditnoo  fam'n sihtsro ynoe raht .nIt eh1 59'0,s
lAS-bahaf mali,yt ehd seneadtn sfoa l raegt irebi  naSdu irAbaais teltde
htsil na.dF looliwgnt ehd siocevyro  fio lnit ih saldn ,rBtiia nediced dot
elva etis'o ccputaoi nfot ehA ar bowlr dna dup tht eerpsnoisibilyto fg
voreingnt ih saptro  fht eowlr dnot ehS bahaf mali.y

    nOJ nu efo1 69,2K wuia taw sobnr!!

    tIs'b rihtw sat ehs attro  fetsnoi nnit ehA ar boWlr.dI ar,qt he long
time friend of Kuwait began claiming that Kuwait is his land and that it
was taken from him by force from Britain who is said to have threatened him
of either giving the north to Turkey or this peice of land to the Sabah
family. Thinking that the latter was less useful to Iraq, he was forced to
agree to give up Kuwait. In this sense, unstability remained in this region
and securiness still was not good enough. Although the country of Kuwait
continued to grow and develop the chance og an attack on it was very
likley.

     During the Iraq vs. Iran war, Kuwait kept taking oil out of a
transitional zone that yet had to be divided up between Iraq and Kuwait. In
the Islamic conferense of 1988, Iraq warned Kuwait that it will pay the
price but no response was heard. On August the second 1990, Iraq invaded
Kuwait......and yet, there was much to come.

      THE BATTLE FOR THE OIL SHALL CONTINUE....

