        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Abe Lincoln    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [as Civil War President  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:741   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
              ABRAHAM LINCOLN - CIVIL WAR PRESIDENT

     Abraham Lincoln was assuredly one of the greatest presidents in
American history.  This is demonstrated by his effective administration
during the Civil War, the creation of policies that benefited everyone in
the United States and the efforts that kept the United States from
splintering during the Civil War and from its aftermath.

     Lincoln made excellent decisions in the Civil War.  He guided his
nation from being torn apart by conflict.  He reacted quickly when the War
was suddenly sprung upon him.  His blockade of the southern ports weakened
the south by stopping its income from trade and his immediate expansion of
the Union Army gave the north a powerful battalion to combat the
Confederacy.  Some of his actions were controversial, such as suspension of
habeas corpus (the right to protest unlawful imprisonment of a person and
take it to court) for certain Confederate supporters who were too loud in
their support, but it prevented unrest when unity was needed to fight the
Confederacy.  Lincoln appointed generals that, though not always
successful, were competent, including the famed Ulysses S. Grant.  Lincoln
kept national unity, moderating his own views of slavery to keep the border
states of Kentucky, Missouri, Delaware and Maryland.  He managed to stop
and European nations from interfering with his foreign diplomacy and his
speeches, such as the famed Gettysburg address, held the peoples's support
to him and the Union.

     During the Civil War, all was not concentrated on the battle on the
field. Life did go on, however nervously, and out of this period arose
several beneficial policies of Lincoln's.  These policies aided towards the
peaceful and prosperous nation in the United States today.  Economically,
the policies Lincoln created were ideal.  The first federally controlled
paper money was issued in 1861, establishing a secure standard of money,
one not threatened by failure in any way.  To the settlers were granted 65
hectares of public land by the Homestead Act, free of charge, beginning in
1862, enhancing the growth of the United States and bringing more people to
create a thriving population.  President Lincoln's policies also promoted
national unity and communication.  The transcontinental telegraph, first of
its kind, was completed in 1861.  It connected all of eastern United States
with California and allowed a speedy way of communicating across a country.
Free mail delivery in the cities of the United States was allowed in 1863,
promoting communication between the people.  Finally, there was the
Emancipation Proclamation on the first day of the year 1863.  It released
all the slaves in the states that were still in rebellion.  Though it did
not have much real effect at the time, it pointed a way to a brighter
future.

     President Abraham Lincoln handled the end of the war admirably.  He
put the nation back together and did not punish the south as wanted by
some.  His plan of reconstruction was accepted and the slaves were all
freed, showing the rest of the world a virtuous country.  He admitted that
his reconstruction was not perfect, but convinced his people to accept it
and work on it over letting their sister states leave and banishing the
hope of a unified nation forever.  Even his assassination did some good,
for it brought the nation even closer.  Lincoln's critics praised him and
the people had their ideals matched to "Father Abe".  The Americans were
sorrowful of the death of their great president and in them arose a
devotion to the United States envisioned by Abraham Lincoln.

     President Abraham Lincoln was truly one of the greatest US Presidents
ever to live.  His skill in leading his nation earned him a worthy
reputation as a man of integrity and virtue.  He sacrificed his sleep,
peace of mind and much of his happiness to see the United States through.
His humble background only made him more of a representation of the
possibilities of the United States and increased his popularity with the
people of the Unites States, driving toward a greater nation. President
Abraham Lincoln, with all his skill, led the United States through one of
the most difficult times in United States history, and not only bringing
survival to the nation but created an even better place, improving the
Constitution and starting the United States on its road to greatness.  His
valour in the cause of his nation earned him a place in the heart of the
Americans, as the beloved Father Abe.

