        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [The study of linguistics]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:2156  School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
THE STUDY OF LINGUISTICS

     Language changes with history and time.  Our perception of
words changes.  Everything changes, from cooking with fire to
cooking with a microwave.   Even language changes, examples are
accents and books, influential people, and historical occurrences.

     Accents shows development of culture over time, maybe over a
historical occurrence, such as a new country being found, the
people living there might adopt the culture of the founders. 
Language also changes, from using different sounds in words, which
are called phonemes.

    The english language has about 43 different phonemes, such as
OH, EE, etc. which make up our language.  Different cultures, such
as some Indian Tribes, may have more or less phonemes in their
language, showing either a lower form of language with less words
and sounds or a higher form with only the necessary sounds and
words.  

     Also the syntax, also known as grammar, have an effect on the
society.  There is no 'proper' way to write a book, for example,
but just a 'standard' way everyone uses.  This may be thought of as
the 'proper' way but rebels will use no periods and have one long
paragraph in a 400 page book.  Maybe the culture says it is
mandatory to have everything in one continuous sentence, while
others more civilized or advanced will follow the rules to the very
letter.

     Accents also have different languages linked to them. 
Different letters, phrases, and even a whole new language may be
created in the process of learning the language, over time and a
metamorphosis to keep up with the changing world.

     Letters are called graphemes, meaning the 26 letters of the
alphabet, more or less in different languages.  In inuit for
example, every grapheme follows a very obvious pattern of a prefix
followed by a certain suffix, a combination of vowels and
consonants.  For example, there might be a set of the letters r, t,
and h, and with the suffixes oo, ot, etc.

     Different symbols can also be associated with different
cultures.  The cross is associated with our religion, although it
might not be in Tasmania, for example.  The newer addition of these
symbols helps to understand the concept more clearly, as in
television, which is like a talking and showing book.

     How can language have meaning?  Through time it may lose and
gain new meaning, through historical occurrences, for example. 
During the war, a whole new kind of lingo spread like wildfire
through the battling nations.  The study of how language contains
meaning is called semantics, and through this we can see what has
occurred and what will occur, like a time machine right before our
eyes which we must study to use efficiently.

     The influence of different people has a major effect on our
lives.  Our political system, family, friends, this all may
adversely affect our lives in ways we might regret.  Influential
people coining words, for example might 'nuke' a country.  George
Bush set a world record by saying the most metaphors in his
presidential speech after winning.  Language might not change
obviously with historical occurrences, but it does.  

     The change is obvious in historical occurrences which affect
the whole world.  The 'meeting' in the Gulf has stirred up an
entire planet, maybe starting a war which will devastate the earth. 
As gas prices rise, everything needing fuel does.  The means of
communication between two people change, from ignorance to
shouting, to whispering, to nothing between the two.  Our
perception of the concept must be clear before we can actually
communicate efficiently, language itself must be understood fully
for it to be used fully.

     Changing with history and time means a whole new environment
to live in where we must constantly adapt to our surroundings to
survive.  Car insurance, for example, was considered a luxury 70
years ago, now it is life and death.  The change can be so subtle
over time that it hits us so hard we do not expect it, with
horrendous results sometimes the outcome.

     Different cultures have different perceptions of their
language, the languages of others, their  beliefs about God and
their religion, etc.  Communication is better if we know more about
the second party, the lesser known the better sometimes, as one may
not want to communicate with a bunch of motorcycle bandits, for
example.

     Slang may also be considered a different belief, as different
cultures have different languages, and slang may be the key that
holds them together as their central language with which to
communicate.  This is not always bad, but sometimes another party
has no idea of what they are saying, which causes trouble.  Slang
is a direct example of how over time we can 'bind' together and
create something new, according to our culture and beliefs.

     Our evolution of language from a simple 'ug' to our advanced
system of grammar has changed the world drastically.  Communication
between countries, people, have had eventually an effect on our
lives.  

     As mentioned earlier, there is no 'proper' way to use
language.  There is a standard way, as slang is a change on the
standard, like options on a new car.  The standards have changed
over time, and are different from culture to culture as a culture's
evolution may have played an important part in the culture's
future.  

     The proper ways have been stretched, strung out, and hung to
dry, in several examples.  Slang is a first, while languages
developed from different languages also is an example.  Latin is
the base of many, many languages, and it is also known if you study
a language which is very same as one you know, you will learn
faster.  The standard is changed everyday, as we coin and use new
words.

     Influential people also play a part in our evolution of
language.  The may use one word that is a habit to them, but do
they know they might make a habit for a million people?  ten
million?  The whole world?  This is an example in speeches of
important people, books of all kinds, etc.

     Books also may influence our writing in a myriad of ways.  Our
style, our subjects, our concepts, all may be affected.  Not all to
the worst, not all to the best.  Long time authors with many fans
may be surprised at how their die-hard readers have copied their
writing style.  This also gives people a sense of confidence, as
they can write with a famous author.

     We lose effectiveness in our everyday use of language.  For
example, it is like walking down a road, with a bag of sand in your
arms, and the bag has a hole in it.  The sand slowly trickles away,
being replaced by something new.  The analogy shows how something
old in language may be replaced by something new: effectiveness for
completeness?  effectiveness for new standards?  This plagues many
people, as one day their ideas which they so meticulously thought
out have gone out of style. 

     The standards are called Form Classes.  Form Classes are parts
of speech, nouns, verbs, adjectives, etc.  The rules are not always
followed closely, but everything may be categorized into one or two
form classes.  

     Adjectives are minor 'extras' in our language.  They enrich
our language, giving vivid, clear concepts, describing the scene as
we may not see it.  Without them, we still have language, except a
dead language.  No one will use it,  and it wills slowly fade away. 
A good example is latin.  It is the base to many languages, though
it is considered 'a dead' language.

     The change over time has made many languages unknown.  As with
latin, there are many so called 'universal' languages, which the
creator had the intent for it to be learned worldwide and beyond. 
Many of these have never caught on like latin, which died before it
had a chance to live.  Time will strengthen it for its comeback. 
An example of a 'universal' language is Esperanto.  This is similar
to spanish, with no exceptions to the rules.  Its syntax is good,
clear cut and concise.  But hardly no one can speak this language,
except for those who choose to learn it.  A familiarity between
spanish and Esperanto is evident although the creator was polish. 
Perhaps he though the spanish to be a dominant race in the future
when he created this language?  Or did he want the whole world to
come together as one to cooperate and live freely?  The perception
is different with time and culture, as in the future the spanish
will dominate the earth and spanish will die, revealing the
undercoating of another language, another culture?

     People's perception of modern language and the language of old
is surprising.  In a survey, ninety six percent of the people
thought of old language as words like thou, thee, dost, ye, etc. 
And in the same survey, when an example was given, people followed
the example, not reading the question fully.  I purposely misworded
the phrase to see what people would write.  
The results are surprising.

     Only TWO people answered the question right.  The others wrote
words with the same meaning. like big-large, etc. like in t he
example.  The reading and the understanding of the question shows
how people have developed their understanding over time.

     As new concepts are developed, used, and used again, a whole
new language might be created from it.  Names for the new concepts
are also created, as with robots.  Airplanes, cars, and many other
machines are examples.  A second generation from that might
pronounce things differently, like over here we pronounce 'Levi's'
LEE-VIES, while in Europe, they pronounce it LEH-VIS.  This shows
a change to adapt to their language, french.

     Language has to expand to take on the new concepts we develop. 
Historical events, such as wars, have a part in uniting two
cultures or destroying two. They can destroy one, leaving them to
pick up the pieces and to start over, or bring two together to make
a whole new language.  This is good in a way, but if a culture is
completely destroyed, can it come back to its previous stature? 
Can it get better?

     Our perception of phrases can be altered too.  As our sense of
humor has developed from medieval England, for example, we develop
our phrases too.  Fred lost a string in the house which was all
tied up.  What do you see?  Fred looking for a knotted string?  Or
Fred looking at a knotted house?  Our perception of this phrase
might have been only one, the first one, while today there are
millions of possibilities.  Language in the form of humor, changes
with time.

     If we were freezed in time right now, and woke up in the year
2090, we would be surprised and shocked to find ourselves there. 
If we had no way of going home, we wo uld have to stay, and adapt
to the new cultures.  We have not seen what has transpired before
that, so we do not know what to do.   But, if we had stayed in 1990
and let our evolution take place, we would have seen everything. 
In the future this is like learning a new culture all by itself.

     Language changes with historical occurences and time.  Time 
changes it, the influences of people change it, history changes it. 
We all live it, and the change everyday is so subtle we often
cannot detect it.  If we were zapped into the future, we would find
it foriegn, because we do not know the language and cultures. 
Historical influences can unite two cultures, destroy many, make
new ones.  We all have a different perception of what language is
and how it changes, and it might change when we share that
information with others, getting their ideas and using our own. 
Our standards and meanings of words changes too, our sounds and
syntax expanding for new concepts.  New concepts help us to
understand the world, new concepts are made with time and the need
for them.  Language is a wonderful thing that we all use and change
ourselves to our own suits and needs.
