        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Chapter by Chapter      ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Summary of Lord of the  ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [Flies                   ]
 [x]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:5585  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Introduction

     Lord Of The Flies, by William Golding, focused on the development and
deterioration of a miniature society of boys isolated on a small tropical
island.  The story centred around individuals representing different aspects
of children and their personalities.  Beginning with a child-like innocence,
the novel brought forth many of the sinister characteristics of human
nature as the use of violence became more frequent and progressed into an
ultimate pinnacle.  The violence provided a sense of realism in that the
author did not try to hide the factual harshness of the world by covering it
with a false softness.  The text was very descriptive of the setting and the
physical and mental appearance of the protagonists and antagonists.  The
style of writing being sometimes simple-minded and not fully aware of "the
outside world" suited the characters' ages.  The book dealt with our true
nature as revealed by the freedom from the disciplinary boundaries of
modern society.

Chapter 1

     The description of the lead character in the beginning of the story, was
that of a light-coloured boy who was soon given the name Ralph.  Ralph
seemed a typical kid.  His fair appearance and size made him likeable and gave
him an inner-strength of self-confidence.  His interaction with Piggy showed
that he was not ill-natured.  Although he laughed at Piggy's name, it was not
with real malice for he had ridiculed his external appearance.  Piggy's rather
unique attributes had made him an outcast of the mainstream of boys at his
age, and his lack of self-esteem reflected that.  He too seemed good-natured
as he behaved in a polite fashion.  The fact that Piggy was knowledgable and
well-educated was made apparent by his air of responsibility.

     The conch was presented as a symbol of authority and order.  It
summoned all the boys from the island to the assembly, and it gave its holder
the right to speak.  It also set Ralph apart from the bigger boys and helped
him to be leader.

     The clothing worn by the boys made them seem more civilized, and the
inappropriateness of such garments made them very much out of place.  The
uniformed Jack and his choir were seen as a superior power.  Being more
proper, the uniforms created an isolated unity for the choir.  The force of
Jack's authority over his choir and his malicious and arrogant personality
dwarfed Piggy.  Ralph's attempt to defend Piggy being called fatty resulted in
more embarrassment for Piggy.  The childish laughters formed a bond among
the boys and made Piggy what he had always been, an outcast.

     At their first meeting, all the boys were introduced by their first
names.  The complicated and serious formalities with their last names were
left out to suit their age groups and perhaps to provide a sense of unity
among the boys.  Jack's insistence on being called Merridew showed his desire
to be superior among the boys.  His defeat after the vote for chief was
taken uneasily at first (hinted by the imagery of a red facial expression),
but after being offered the command of his choir, he accepted his status. 
Among the boys in the choir, Roger was first seen as a shy and quiet boy,
while Simon was introduced as pleasant-mannered and happy.

     Ralph, Simon and Jack's exploration of the island allowed the reader to
examine the innocent and playful nature of a small group of boys.  Their
playful attitude was clearly evident as they were energetic and
enthusiastic towards their new environment.  They interpretation of their
surroundings were truthful and simple.  Their first encounter of the pig
ended with Jack hesitating to stab the pig.  This demonstrated Jack's
inexperience as a killer, as compared to what he would become later in the
book.


Chapter 2

     Already, the smaller boys could be seen segregated from the bigger
ones.  In some instances (in meetings for example), the older boys were like
the more powerful and decisive adults while the smaller boys were depicted
as the more playful and less responsible children.  The little boy's story of
the "snake-thing" was not taken too seriously by the older boys.  As the
story progresses on, it dealt less and less with the smaller boys, until near
the ending, they were almost completely ignored.

     Ralph's leadership was well reflected by his public speaking skills.  He
was able to convey his thoughts clearly and fluently.  Jack too seemed quite
able to speak and was quite eager to do so.  His suggestion to make rules
showed that he wanted to assert control over the "society" of boys.  Their
wanting of order and regularity demonstrated the teachings that they had
learned from many years of living in a regulated society governed by
authority and punishment.  Nostalgia was present but did not manifested
itself very strongly.  This may have been due to the older boys' ages and
their wanting to look strong before their peers.

     The boy's reacted to Ralph's idea of making a fire with great
enthusiasm, perhaps they were overcome with joy at the prospect of being
free to do something that they were always told not to do.  As the crowd of
boys ran towards the mountain, Piggy was seen as a parental guardian
running after a group of reckless kids.  There rude snatching of his glasses
again demonstrated the boys' disliking of a different individual.  Although he
was not heard properly, Piggy was the person who could think with a sound
mind.  After their mistake of setting much of the forest ablaze, it was Piggy
who pointed out their folly and who had tried to make them more responsible
for their actions.  However, even Piggy had not fully realized the
consequences resulting from setting the entire island on fire.


Chapter 3

     Jack's hunting skills and his general physical appearance told the
reader that the boys had been on the island for quite some time.  His failure
to capture his prey meant that he was still not quite a hunter, but his
improved tracking skills showed that he had come quite a distance.  On Jack's
return to the shelters, the differences between him and Ralph was beginning
to cause some friction between the two.  This could be taken as a
foreshadowing of their battles later on in the book.

     The lack of helping hands in the construction of the shelters was a sign
of the deterioration of their bond.  In the conversation between Ralph and
Jack, fear among the littluns was mentioned.  They spoke as if they were a
little scared, perhaps of having to have to fend for themselves.  Although,
Jack and his hunters were not obliged to help in the building of the shelters,
Simon had decided to assist Ralph.  It was as if he had taken a liking to the
chief and had decided to set himself apart from the hunters, perhaps he had
taken a disliking to Jack.  At the end of the chapter, Simon came to a clearing
in the forest.  He seemed content to be alone, this may have been the reason
why he had chosen to set himself apart from the other hunters.


Chapter 4

     The chapter began giving the reader an idea of well the boys had
adapted to their island.  The littluns had now become quite separate from the
biguns almost being a separate and somewhat more obscure society of their
own.  When Roger decided to throw rocks in the direction of Henry, he dared
not throw them too close to the littlun for fear that a seemingly
omnipresent adult would appear to punish him.

     By painting his face, Jack was able to conceal his identity, so that he
would not be seen as Jack.  Originally, Jack wanted to paint himself so that
he could be camouflaged among the trees and not be seen by the pig.  But he
found that the clay gave him a new external appearance, providing a mask
perhaps to hide his darker thoughts.  The mask gave him a sense of security
in that he could almost disguise himself as a stranger and not be known as
Jack.  It was also after being painted, that he had his first successful hunt.

     Long hair was used as a sign to show that the boys had become
progressively less civilized.  The exception was Piggy, who was described as
the only boy whose hair never seemed to grow.  Piggy was the only civilized
or educated person on the island.

     The irresponsible behaviour of the boys was evident again as the fire
was allowed to die out, especially during the passing of a ship.  This was
extremely irritating to Ralph and made him take a great disliking to Jack, who
had become quite obsessed with hunting.  When Piggy began to protest against
Jack, the hunter showed more of the violent side of his personality as he
struck maliciously at Piggy.  But even in his fit of rage, Jack still felt
subordinate to Ralph, as he forced himself to apologize.  The imagery of
redness was used again to show anger and hate.  Jack was like a child making
excuses to cover up his wrong-doing and trying to avoid taking
responsibility for his actions.

     The meat had become a bait for the boys to give into hate and evil of
killing the pigs.  Even to Ralph and Piggy, the meat was irresistible.  Jack
being the one who had brought them meat, had become a source of evil, under
whom the other boys gave in easily to their own innate evil.  After the first
hunt, the desire to kill had become quite apparent among the boys, as they
talked excitedly of their hunt and sang their chant.


Chapter 5

     At the beginning of the chapter, Ralph was thinking over his speech for
the assembly.  The image of watching one's feet was used to describe how
Ralph was beginning to understand the importance of watching what he did. 
His looking back at their first day, made him seem like a teenager or adult
wanting to be a kid again.  It was as if Ralph was undergoing a shortened
version of growing up.  Ralph's recognition of Piggy's intelligence showed
that he was beginning to rely on Piggy's decision-making skills.  It was as if
Piggy had become a parent to him.

     Ralph's account of the incompetence of the boys gave the reader an
idea of the order that had been planned in the beginning and of what the
group of boys had degenerated into.  Jack's response to the mention of the
fear and the beast, showed more of his malevolent personality and his dislike
of the littluns.  His perspective of fear suggested that he was beginning to
lose his fear of the forest, of the fear of being hunted.  When Piggy
questioned the assembly as to what a beast would eat on the island, the
response was pig.  Piggy then said that they were the ones who ate pigs. 
This suggested that the beast that they feared may have been themselves,
their own evil.  Piggy's remark on how they could begin to fear people
suggested that he was beginning to suspect the evil within themselves.  As
more ideas of the beast were presented, the beast became more real and
their fear of it grew.  After the vote on the existence of a ghost, Piggy
mentioned what a grown-up would think of them.  This expressed the desire of
a child to be like an adult, thinking that what an older person did was right.

     Piggy's mention of hunting and the dying out of the fire infuriated Jack,
and he began to try overtaking Ralph's authority.  His increasing violence
and boldness suggested that he would soon cause trouble.  Although Jack had
come up with the idea of having rules, his hypocrisy was another hint that he
had changed a great deal.

     As the crowd of boys went out of control, Piggy told Ralph to blow the
conch, acting as his advisor.  Once again Piggy could be seen as a guardian. 
Ralph feeling the burden of responsibility contemplated on quitting as chief. 
It was then that Simon and especially Piggy made him realize what kind of
character Jack was.


Chapter 6

     The figure who had parachuted on to the island was described in a brief
exterior manner, yet it was not difficult to fully comprehend what was
happening.  However, to Samneric the figure became a beast with many
grotesque features, shaped by their imagination with the aid of the
mysterious darkness.  This is characteristic of children, as they tend to be
afraid of the dark, and the things obscured in the night are often associated
with horrible monstrosities that they have seen or heard of.

     In their report, Samneric added some details that to the reader seemed
false, yet they spoke in a very serious and certain manner.  As usual, Jack
acted boldly and rudely, in accordance with his self-righteous personality. 
Jack was again inconsiderate of the littluns.  To stay apart from others of a
different age group is another characteristic of kids.  Jack's outburst of
banishing the conch rule and leaving decision-making to specific individuals,
was another indication of his arrogance.  His growing rebellious courage to
oppose Ralph and the proposed rules indicated a confrontation between Ralph
and Jack to end their power struggle.

     The fire was beginning to seem less and less important to the group of
boys.  Ralph's constant reminder became decreasingly effective.  Their desire
to return to their former lives were gradually forgotten as they became
accustomed to their new habitat.

     As the biguns made their way to Castle Rock, Ralph was glad to be at the
rear.  Again, the chief was feeling the burden of responsibility.  Simon, as he
was contemplating over the possibility of the beast, it could be seen that he
was the only one who seemed to make sense.  Even Piggy had not considered
the flaws in Samneric's descriptions in their account of the night.  Although
he had a lot to offer intellectually, he lacked the confidence to speak out
openly.

     Ralph began having trouble clarifying his thoughts, almost as if certain
things of importance were being forgotten.  Again the significance of having
smoke signal was being ignored.  The disobedience of the boys became more
apparent, and  it made the reader feel that Ralph would soon lose his status
as chief.


Chapter 7

     Ralph's longing to have his hair cut and to have himself fully cleaned
again expressed his desire to live a civilized life.  He was not entirely
comfortable with his living conditions, even though he had become quite
accustomed to them.  His daydreams at start of the hunt were further signs
that he was clearly nostalgic.

     On their brief and unsuccessful hunt, Ralph had his first opportunity to
throw his spear at a boar and attempt to kill it.  He was able to only wound
the animal, but the feeling from just that overwhelmed him.  He began to
share the desire to kill that the other hunters had enjoyed.  When Maurice
pretended to be a boar, Ralph joined in without hesitation.  He too gave way
to his own innate evil.  The seriousness of the "play-hunt" reflected on how
close Jack and his hunters had come to being able to kill a human being.

     As they continued after the beast, the image of feet trodding a path
was used again.  The trail the boys went on was difficult, just as Ralph was
encountering difficulties in their society as chief.  Simon again volunteered
to venture alone back towards the shelter.  His loner-personality always
seemed to set him socially apart from the other boys.

     There was another power struggle between Jack and Ralph as Ralph
began to replace Jack as the leader of their expedition.  Ralph revealed what
Piggy had known about Jack's feelings towards Ralph.  When the other boys
heard this, they were momentarily jarred.  Although they had known that it
was true, simply saying out in public made it difficult to hide such
unpleasantries.

     As they laboured on into the night, Jack pushed on furiously, wanting to
prove that he was better than Ralph.  But as the three remaining boys drove
on through the burnt patch, Ralph having more sense, realized how immature
he had allowed himself to be, as a result of Jack's impetuous arrogance.  As
Jack left them, Roger was again described as a silent boy who was hard to
reach.  Perhaps he had stayed because he wanted to earn the favouritism of
Jack, the leader of the hunters, and who was slowly gaining the status as
chief.

     The night was described a darkness in which it was difficult to see. 
This black sensation was strengthened by the dark ashes, a reminder of the
boys' carelessness.  Black and darkness were used to depict empty-headed
confusion.  On their way to the mountaintop, Ralph's voice that had covered
his inner fears and confusion, his exterior voice was silent.  So that inside
him, he could remember what Piggy would have thought of him at that time.  He
could also remember how silly they were being.  A dentist's chair was used to
describe the uncertainty amplified by the unsuggestive darkness.  It was like
sitting on a dentist's chair, wondering if he would be pulling out a tooth.  The
cries and roars of nature added to the mention of confusion to create a
sensation of terror around the boys who fled at the sight of their own
imaginative fears.


Chapter 8

     When Ralph admitted that they were beaten by the beast, conceivably, he
was beginning to give up.  He was starting to tire from all his struggles. 
Jack then boldly called an assembly, trying further to take the role as chief. 
The suggestion that the beast was a hunter.  Jack remembered his fear of
being hunted in the forest.  The author may have tried to say what Frederich
Nietzsche had said.  As Jack hunted the animals and the beast, he became the
monster he was after, and perhaps, the monster that they feared, was
themselves, as Simon had said earlier.  Jack tried to make Ralph seem
unlikeable, and by saying that Roger and him went on at the mountain, he may
have begun to favour Roger.  Jack's unskilled blowing of the conch and his
discomfort suggested that he was not fully confident that the other boys
were supportive of him as the new chief.  His tears showed that he was still
a boy and that the other boys still respected Ralph's rank.  But after Jack
left, the number of boys seemed lessened.  Names of the individuals such as
Maurice, Roger, Robert or Bill were not mentioned very frequently.  

     The fuel they gathered for their new fire was not as good as the wood
they had burned on the mountaintop.  Overall, the great joy in the building of
the first fire was less evident in the building of their new one.  Their
society seemed to be deteriorating.  The fire they built began to die out as
there were less people to share the work.  After the intimidation he had
suffered from the assembly, Simon went to his "secret" place on the island,
to be alone again.

     Jack's idea of giving the beast an offering was like the start of some
religion worshipping the beast as though it was a god.  Their hunt of the big
sow, was vividly described with much detail to the terror and blood.  The
brutality of the hunt and cruelty of the hunters were powerfully expressed
through the harm they had inflicted upon the drove of pigs.

     The pig's head was referred to as the Lord of the Flies.  The flies
buzzing over the remains of the sow symbolized evil and filth.  The Lord of
the Flies was a great emblem of the malevolence the human boys on the island.

     During the brief conversation between Ralph and Piggy, Ralph revealed
that he wanted to quit, that the burden of responsibility was wearing him
down.  Piggy was supportive and understood his pains.

     Jack returned naked and covered with paint.  He was addressed as the
Chief.  His followers were for the first time, referred to as savages.  At his
earlier departure from Ralph's boys, he welcome anyone to join.  But now
having regained his confidence, he spoke saying that he would be more
selective of newcomers.  Once again, his mask of paint made him a true
savage, not having to have to abide to any of the rules from his former life
as a British boy.  Ralph subsequent speech was handicapped by the shutter in
his mind covering his thoughts, so that he could no longer think straight.  His
lame speech took away what little respect the other boys had for him as
chief.  Once more meat as a temptation to give into the evil was strong over
all the boys who remained with Ralph.

     Simon was hallucinating, but the voice of the Lord of the Flies was
speaking for some of the thoughts inside Simon's mind.  It spoke of the beast
and what it actually was.  The beast was evil, and the evil was inherent
among them.  Perhaps Simon was aware of those things unconsciously.  The
voice also spoke of how he had wanted to be part of the others, and that he
feared how Ralph and the others would think he was crazy.  The blackness in
the pig's mouth engulfed him as he became unconscious from dehydration.


Chapter 9

     The bad weather was a foreshadowing of the foul events that would be
taking place.  The flies crowded around the figure on the mountain.  The beast
feared by the boys was a result of fear of themselves.  Their evil allowed
their imagination to fashion such a monster into their existence.  When Simon
discovered the truth behind the beast, he understood what the beast
actually was.

     As Ralph squirted water at Piggy, instead of retreating shyly, he
splashed water at Ralph.  Without the presence of Jack or some boys to
intimidate him, Piggy could regain his self-confidence.  The two talked of the
reasons why the others went off to join Jack and his savages.  Then Piggy
suggested that they went themselves, perhaps they too were succumbing to
the desire to give in to the evil.

     Jack's assertion as chief made Ralph completely powerless among the
boys and savages. Piggy was scared and urged Ralph, who was also a bit
scared to back away.  The descriptions of the sky became gradually more
violent until lightning broke and the heavy rain started.  Then the ritual
dance began.  It was wrought with the vehemence experienced from the pig
killings.  The littluns fled in terror for they did not understand the evil
within the biguns as they were still protected by their young innocence.  But
Ralph and Piggy joined the circle, wanting a sense of belonging into the group
of boys and savages.  The chanting and the acting brought forth their desire
to kill.  When Simon made his untimely appearance, the savages were driven
mad with frenzy and in the obscure darkness, they brutally murdered who they
thought was the beast.  The killing was told almost entirely through the
viewpoint of the savages.  This helped the reader a little to understand the
madness inflicted upon the Jack and the others.

     The beast from the mountain was freed from its imprisonment at its top
by the storm and drifted into the sea.  Just as Simon was carried by the
waves from the ocean into the waters.  The waves washed away the traces of
the rain, the stains of Simon's blood and the remains of his body, just as the
storm washed the beast away.  Simon had allowed the figure to be free of its
beastly positions, had tried to reveal the truth he had learned, but the
savages crazed with their own evil and blinded by the dark confusion stopped
and killed him.  The chapter ended with his body slowly and gracefully carried
away towards the sea.  Simon's final and peaceful rest brought a sense of
sadness as it did not involve the blind evil that had killed the boy, it had
nothing to do with the evil that ignored its casualties.  The quiet ending
allowed the reader to assess what had been lost and also to feel the loss.


Chapter 10

     Ralph was thinking of Simon.  He was fully aware of the murder, and so
was Piggy.  Ralph had the strength to bring out the truth as he had liked
Simon.  Piggy however avoided the truth and tried to make it seem an
accident.  He did not want to share the guilt of killing Simon.  He wanted to
believe that there was nothing they could do.  He also touched on the notion
that perhaps Simon was not really dead.  Although the twins also tried to
hide from the truth, all four boys were fully aware of the past night's event.

     In the conversation between Roger and Robert, the two boys showed
their admiration for their new Chief.  But news of the beating of Wilfred
brought suspicion of abuse of power to Roger, who dismissed those thoughts
rather quickly.

     The tribe's discussion of the beast was clearly the start of a new
religion as rules dealing with the beast were established.  Even strange
thoughts about the beast were being conceived of.  Some said that the beast
disguised itself, and the Chief kept insisting that the beast was immortal. 
From now on they would make it a custom to leave the head of their quarry as
an offering for the beast.  Their fear of this new demigod was genuine and
their believe in its powers was strong.  When Bill asked of the fire, the
Chief's blush was hidden by his clay mask.  This was another instance where
the paint served to hide Jack's thoughts and emotions.

     The fire had become a sacred item to Ralph and his few boys.  The
importance of the fire was slowly being shut up inside Ralph's mind.  His
leadership had deteriorated along with his followers.  Before the fight in
the shelter, the Ralph and his boys had thought that the beast was coming
after them.  They too had fear of their won belief.  After Jack and his
hunters' intrusion, Piggy once again thought that they had come for the
conch, still thinking that the conch was the symbol of power and authority. 
The loss of his glasses made him seem less potent than before as an advisor. 
Now bent by his lack of vision, Piggy could give less aid to Ralph.


Chapter 11

     Piggy was going through a very emotional stage.  He had lost his
glasses to a savage boy he hated.  The injustice done upon him was severe as
he had to suffer the turmoil it wrought.  He was at a point where he could no
longer tolerate the cruelty and so decided to confront Jack even though he
would get hurt.  His courageous outburst, his tears and his helplessness
provided the reader with a way to share his anger and pains.

     Ralph had suggested that they go to the savages looking more civilized. 
This was one of the differences that set them apart from Jack and his
savages.  Instead of giving easily into the freedom of savagery, the
liberation from the rules and habits of their civilized past identities.  But
even Samneric showed some longing for the paint which Ralph, being a rather
honest person, rejected.

     When they arrived at the Castle Rock, the four boys instinctively hid
from sight.  Although they had planned to go boldly to the savages, their
inner fear of their power drove them momentarily into hiding.  As the faces
of the savages appeared, they were described as "painted out of
recognition".  The author was saying that the savages had changed and the
paint, giving them new identities, were by then, quite different from the boys
they had originally been.  Among his friends, Piggy's anger had given him the
fortitude to say out loud what he wanted to do about Jack, infront of the
savages, Piggy was reduced to a scared and helpless child.  By then, Roger
had gained more confidence in himself and feeling more powerful (especially
among his fellow savages) was not at all frightened of Ralph and his meagre
group of boys.  The savages' laughers intimidated Ralph's bold words and made
them feeble.  As Samneric were tied up and Ralph was ignored by sheer
laughter, it could be seen how helpless the four boys were in comparison to
the greater group of savages.  Then Piggy's destruction signalled Ralph's
final developmental phase for he was now on his own.  He was like a young
adult who had to grow and become independent of his parents.  The conch was
destroyed.  It had been a symbol of order and authority, and the boulder that
killed Piggy had destroyed the conch.

     Their fear of their chief was displayed by Roger who looked with fear
at Jack's angry face.  The prodding with a spear at their ribs was scary thing
that gave the reader a good impression of the situation Sam and Eric were in
and how frightened they were.  The Roger came up to them and further
demonstrated his new status by looming over them with his new height.


Chapter 12

     Ralph's thoughts about Bill told the reader that Ralph could see how
the boys had changed from the clothed and proper kids they started out into
the painted and violent savages they were.  Again, there was an attempt to
make the killings seem like accidents as if to ignore the malice.  This time it
was from Ralph, who perhaps did not readily accept the evil that had
overcome Jack and his savage tribe.

     Samneric's surrender into the tribe was one with shame hidden partially
by the night.  They made some effort to assist Ralph, but their fear of Jack
and Roger was overwhelming.  Ralph found out that he would be hunted.  His
feelings were confused as he wondered why he was so hated.  Ralph's
innocence made their hatred seem like meaningless madness.  His telling the
twins his intended hideout showed that he still trusted them.  Sam's gift of
meat was a final token of their friendship.  As Sam imparted that Roger had
sharpened a stick at both ends, the reader can now deduce that the savages
want to cut Ralph's head off and hang it on the stick, perhaps as an offering
to the beast.  The malevolence in this act was somewhat shocking even after
all the evil cruelty displayed by the savages in the previous chapters.

     When the twins' betrayal became evident Ralph became completely alone,
friendless.  There, the mean personalities of Jack and Roger were revealed
again.  As Ralph was being hunted, he became a prey running from the hunters
for his life.  During the times he was hidden from the line of savages, he had
a few brief moments to think desperately of his situation.  He tried to
remember what Piggy would do.  The text progressed quickly and read easily
to give the reader a sense of how fast time was passing for Ralph, the
hunted.  With the whole island ablaze and the line of hunters coming behind
him, it seemed that there was no escape for Ralph, and the entrance of the
naval officer was completely unexpected.  It was however, a great relief from
the suspenseful tension built up from all the periods of waiting Ralph was
put through.

     In comparison to the clean and very much civilized naval officer, Ralph
was no cleaner than the filthy savages gathering around.  The mature
authority and seriousness of the officer's questions made Ralph's short and
simple answers seem child-like and made Ralph seem much smaller than he was. 
As Ralph declared himself Boss, Jack made no attempt to assert himself as
Chief.  Remnants of his regulated past may have made him feel guilty before a
full-grown adult.

     Given a calm moment to reflect back at the past tragic events, Ralph
began to weep for the loss of his friend Piggy from whom he had learned a
great deal.  The idyllic tropical island was consumed by the flames set by the
hatred of a group of savages.  Ralph wept for the end of his innocence as he
had learned of the evil inside humanity, of the evil inside himself.


Conclusion

     Lord of the Flies was like a thought experiment conducted to see what
would happen to a group of young boys, not fully educated and hardened into
civilized men, if they were placed on an isolated island by themselves.  It
also suggested how some primitive cultures may have evolved their religions
and customs.  Although in a normal environment, it is almost impossible to
even imagine young boys being able to commit murders and commit the cruel
acts of terror as shown in the novel, the inner evil inherent within all of us
was brought out by the freedom from society and its laws.  The first
chapters of the book provided an image of the boys in their ordered and mild-
mannered states.  They seemed normal by our standards.  As the pages passed
by, the boys became gradually more and more savage.  The began to adapt to
their new environment and their personalities became more violent.  It
became more and more easy to kill pigs, until finally in the last chapters, the
savages found it possible to kill fellow human beings.  The book was well-
written in the simple but direct style of the young boys while the complexity
was also present to give in-depth study into this horrible nature of man.
