        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Journal Entries about   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Reflection on Lord of   ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [the Flies               ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:1659  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                           The Lord of The Flies
Journal I
   If I were among the boys on the island I would vote for Piggy as leader.
Although he is not one of the bigger boys, and seems to be put down all the
time, I think that he is the smartest. He would be able to think of ways to
be saved.

   The problem with having Piggy chosen as leader is that he is smaller,
and is similar to an outcast. His ideas would not be taken seriously
because of his age and size. If the bigger boys were to disagree with one
of Piggy's ideas, they may take control, and cause corruption among the
kids.

   I would not pick Ralph, because he seems as though he does not put much
though into what he is doing. He also seems to be influenced easily by
Piggy. Although his strength and age over- powers the others, Piggy's
intelligence is by far greater than Ralph's.

   Jack is similar to Ralph in his strength, but seems to have a totally
different point about survival on the island. His points focus on the fact
that they are going to stay there for a while, and need to hunt.

   Simon is different than the others. He seems to have some common sense,
but does not speak up. He is also one of the bigger kids, but does not have
enough self confidence in himself to become a leader.

   Overall Piggy would make an excellent leader, but his appearance and age
would make the others questions his orders. Journal II

   Living on the island was an inner battle. Other boys on the island found
it hard to obey my orders. One of the bigger boys, Jack, formed a hunting
group.

   One day they went out on one of their trips searching for pig meat for
the rest of us to eat. They took a while, and during their time gone, a
ship was spotted off the coast of the island. All the kids became happy,
knowing that they were going to be rescued. Even though the boat was
nearing the island, something didn't feel right. It wasn't turning in any
way to our fire that we built to signal the boat down. I then though for a
moment and looked back to notice that the fire was out.

   Once Jack returned, all happy of his findings, I began to question him
about the fire. After he told him that he put out the fire, I lost my mind.
Anger and frustration filled my body. I was thinking of attacking him, but
realized that as leader of the group I could not loose spirit of us being
found.

   The decision on what we were going to do was a tough one, as all of the
little kids became frightened of not being rescued. My decision was to
start the fire once more, and build up the other's spirits of being found.






Journal IV

Reflection: If the boys were girls

   If the boys on the island were girls, I think that they would have not
survived as long as the boys did. They probably would not have had as many
conflicts with each other, but still there wouldn't be anyone to hunt for
food, nor anyone to make shelters. Disadvantages

   The girls once finding each other upon the island would be more
disorganized. Once hearing of the beast, all would probably not be brave
enough to face such a monster. The attitudes of some of the younger
children in the novel would probably be similar to the girls, this being
that they would cry and put no effort into making fires, and building
shelters.

   As girls are not as much equipped to camping, and living an outdoors
style of life, they would be farther behind on making fires, and building
shelters. Their strength and other physical abilities would be much slower
than the boys.

Advantages

   Girls tend to stick together when working. This would be a great
advantage over the boys. They would not kill each other, as Jack and Roger
did to Piggy, and almost to Ralph. They would be more open with ideas, as
they gossip more than boys. This would allow more ideas and thus lead to
different possibilities.

   Throughout the story, Jack and the other hunter's display cruelty to
forms of life. Girls would probably not accept this, and would therefore be
in not as much trouble.

    In all, I think that the girls would not have been saved as fast the
boys were. Chances are that they would have not been able to start a fire.
On the other hand, the girls would have not been in danger as much as the
boys were, specifically Ralph. They would have stayed closer as a group,
not being as wild as Jack and Roger were.


Journal III: Essay

Question: Democracy is only as successful as the people who make it work.
Discuss, with reference from the Lord of the Flies.

   Since the beginning of creation, democracy has put people in higher
states than others. In the novel "Lord of the Flies", William Golding
emphasizes that everyone has a job to do in life. Some jobs are tough,
while others may seem easy. By  comparing Jack and Ralph, the fact that
democracy is only as successful as the people who make it work will be
proven.

   Ralph is introduced in the story as one of the first characters. He is
the one who organized the first meeting of all the survivors on the island.
"But there was a stillness about Ralph as he sat that marked him out: there
was his size, and attractive appearance; and most obscurely, yet most
powerfully, there was the conch."

   This quote describes clearly why Ralph was chosen leader; not because of
his intelligence, but because of the fact that he had the conch. Throughout
the story, Ralph tries to play the role of a leader, organizing the other
boys. He knows that they need shelters to sleep, a fire to be found, and
food to eat.

   By blowing the conch, Ralph quickly realizes that this is the easiest
way to gain attention of the others. During his meetings, his power is
quickly forgotten by many, as he does not have the intelligence  to bring
across points that the others need to realize. Ralph forgets what is to be
said, and depends upon Piggy to back him up. With the aid of Piggy, who is
despised by almost everyone, Jacks points are left unrecognized. As all of
the other boys, including the little kids laugh at piggy's views.

   Soon enough Jack, one of the bigger kids, decides to no longer listen to
Ralph, and leads his own group to another part of the island. This proves
that Ralph's leadership lacks points of interest among the others, as the
boys become bored with the idea of working, having no fun.
 
   Jack is a leader full of aggression. From the beginning of the novel,
the readers find out Jack's point of view, as it does not change
throughout; even under the leadership of Ralph. "Jack's voice went on,
tremulous yet determined, pushing against the unco- operative silence.`He's
like Piggy. He says things like Piggy. He isn't a proper chief'".

   At this point, Jack revolts against Ralph's leadership, and forms his
own group. From then on, Jack only gains power, as he proves to have his
mind set. Hunting may be hard, but being fun, it attracts the others to
Jack's group.

   As his group grows, Jack seems to gain more and more power, as he
controls when, where, and why the others must leave. His leadership thus
proves to be more effective than Ralph's was.

   Jack and Ralph at one point have equal amounts of power. From here on,
the two leaders can only spread their thoughts to gain members. "Jack
ignored him again. `Who'll join my tribe and have fun?'`I'm chief,'said
Ralph tremulously.`And what about the fire? And I've got the conch.'"

   This clearly splits the two groups up, as Jack's ideas towards fun
attract most of the boys, while Ralph's ideas towards work attract very
few. Leadership in this part is what splits the boys into two groups. There
is little that Ralph can do. He cannot alter his plans, but hope that the
others will realize that fun will not lead to being rescued. While on the
other hand, Jack gains power by expressing his ideas, and quickly becomes
an effective leader. This is an excellent example of complete democracy
over the people.

   Democracy seems to play a keen part in the lives of the leaders. It
seems as though the more people that enter a group, the more power the
leader gets. This is shown in Jack's case, while in Ralph's, the opposite
occurs. He loses interest from the others, and with this his power slowly
drains. This all leads to one main point, that power is controlled by the
people, not by one single being.

                                 Endnotes

1. William Golding, Lord of the Flies. Faber and Faber Ltd.
(Boston, 1990) P. 24.
2. Ibid, P. 139.
3. Ibid. P. 166.


                               Bibliography

Golding, William. Lord of the Flies. Faber and Faber. Boston,    1990. 
 










Journal: Evaluation

1. Course/Content:Likes
               
               - The topics
               - Some of the activities

               Dis-likes 

               - The Work-load
               - The point that we dont watch movies continuously
                 (We skip parts of it. I dont really get the flow
                  of the movie)
               - The presentations (I never really liked them)
                          
2. How do I feel in this class:
               Easy

               - Topics are easy
               - Work load is hard
               - Too much in comparison to other classes
               - Bored. Most of time we review homework

3. Teacher:

               - Good teacher
               - I learn lots in class discussions
               - Just too much homework
               
4. What things that I do after school:

               - Usually out with friends until 6:00pm
               - Do homework and watch T.V.



