        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on the Conclusion]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of Lord of the Flies    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:626   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
               Lord of the Flies : Summary of Conclusion    

     I feel that the conclusion of such a story needs not much thought.  It
has already been shown that the boys are becoming quite savage and
thoughtless, and that only a handful of sensible boys remain.  Sooner or
later the group would split into two different sects of people.  One group
being the levelheaded and realistic boys who want to be rescued, led by
Ralph, and the other boys with the leader Jack and the self proclaimed
hunters. Separation was bound to happen sooner or later because of the
strong influence that Jack had on most of the characters so far in the
story.  Jack is the kind of character who brings out the evil in all people
including those of whom he has now claimed as hunters.  His hunters would
follow him anywhere, including into an eternal life of savagery and
barbarity.  And so it poses the question to whether the good boys, led by
Ralph would survive. They would not be so threatened by nature, lack of
food, shelter and such other things, they could survive it, but I think
that their biggest threat would be Jack's group of hunters who seem adamant
on damage and violence and drifting away from the real world.

     Jack is the kind of character who is defined as a psychotic person who
was refrained from his true genetic personality and yearning for violence
because of the standards to which he was born.  He was a rich and went to a
private school where he could not be himself.  The school was very strict
and therefore not allowing any of the boys to do things that they had
always wanted. So then, when faced with the idea of an island with no
adults where they can do as they like, they give in to the idea of being
hunters and playing a game of being a native, wearing war paint, killing
animals and getting their own meat.

     Sooner or later, Jack would lose all control and split the groups
feeling that Ralph's unadventurous boys were cramping his style and
unessential to his hunters -- when in fact, Ralph's boys had the right
idea.  I think that there is a lot to be said on the subject of whether the
boys will or will not be rescued.  I feel that it is possible, but without
the help of the numerous hunters it may prove as impossible.  The chances
of another plane passing overhead in the exact area are extremely low.
Also keeping the fire going and contacting that plane to see the boys will
also be quite hard.  Is it not very likely that the plane saw the boys or
even suspecting seeing them the first time around, so another plane will
probably not return.  It is up to the boys to survive for as long as it
takes for another plane to come or whatever comes next. However, with the
emerging problems -- all as a result of Jack and his hideous influence --
not much can be said for the success of Ralph and his boys.

    In this story the author shows a lot of points.  He reveals the dark
side of human nature.  How, out of the estimated 25 boys, at least 15 of
those polite and refined young men resorted to inhumanity and lost all
control. The author also shows how it can happen to anyone, including the
cream of society, the best and most cultivated young men.  I feel that the
story would soon end up a sad ending.  With Jack leading the hunters, it
leads me to believe that there is but little hope for the all the boys,
either for being rescued, or for survival.
