        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the Empire of  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Mali                    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:718   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
The Empire of Mali

Introduction
     In its peak, the people of Mali occupied land as far west as the
Atlantic Ocean. They also traveled as far east as Gao, the capital of the
Songhai, as far south as the Niger bend, and as far north as the Sahara
desert. They built a great empire between 1240 and 1337 that underwent a
course of slow decline until the seventeenth century.

History
     The empire of Mali originated from a small country known as Kangaba.
Its people where known as the Mandingo (they have also been called the
Malinke and the Mandinka).  After the breakup of Ghana, the Sosso, who had
caused the breakup, were still in power. Apparently Sundiata, an heir to
the Mandingo throne raised an army and defeated the Sosso in the battle of
Kirina.

    Afterward, Sundiata established the empire of Mali. He converted to
Islam for support of the Muslim peoples. When Mansa Musa came into power,
in the early 1300s, the empire reached its height. Mansa Musa traveled
through Cairo on his pilgrimage to Mecca. It is said that he gave away so
much gold that it dropped in value in Cairo for 12 years.

    Afterward the empire slowly declined, until, in the 1600s it was no
more than it had been originally when it originated: the small kingdom of
Kangaba.

Government
     The government of Mali was a dictatorship. The dictator, who had the
title of Mansa, was the sole secular and religious leader of his people,
though not he did not enjoy the same power as Egyptian Pharaohs did. The
base of government was located in the capital, known as Niani. It was once
written by a traveler that a person could travel safely without fear of
harm, and that the people of Mali hated injustice and the Mansa did not
tolerate injustice at all.

     The military branch of government was constant. There was a standing
army of professional soldiers, so that Mali was ready for a battle without
having to raise an army every time.

Religion
     The religion in Mali was divided between two groups. The merchants,
traders, and government officials, including the Mansa, were Islam, though,
apparently, they did not adhere to it very well. Women were allowed freedom
and even the Mansa still believed in the "spirit of the land." The basic
peasant farmer believed in a "spirit of the land" to whom he prayed so that
he would get good crops.

Economics
     The main currency in Mali was gold dust. This shows the enormous
wealth of the country. There were many trade routes in Mali. The people who
traveled these routes were the Dyula. The Dyula consisted of a group of
Islamic people who followed the "Dyula-mansa," the company chief.

    The Dyula were the main trade between Mali and countries across the
Sahara. They traded gold for what they needed (this is unclear: they may
have traded for either salt or copper or both).

Culture (Roles of men and women)
     Not much is said about the culture. Apparently the religion was the
culture. The people placed a high standard on justice. People who lived in
cities were probably scholars, merchants, or government officials. Those
who did not were either miners or farmers.

Conclusion
     During its peak, Mali was a great and powerful empire. It occupied a
great deal of land. It had wealth, power, learning centers, and an
organized government. It was a great empire that fell only due to bad
ruling.

Daniel Chu and Elliot Skinner A Glorious Age in Africa  
Doubleday & Company, Inc. 1965 
 
Basil Davidson Africa in History Macmillan Publishing Company, 1991 
 
Basil Davidson Africa History of a Continent Macmillan Company, 1972 
 
Kevin Shillington History of Africa St. Martin's Press, 1989 
 
Maragaret Shinnie Ancient African Kingdoms  
Edward Arnold (Publishers) Ltd. 1965
