        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Mining in Space]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:2084  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                           Mining
                            in
                           Space
                            --
               AIAA and New York Academy of Sciences


   On December 10, 1986 the Greater New York Section of the American
Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) and the engineering
section of the New York Academy of Sciences jointly presented a program on
mining the planets. Speakers were Greg Maryniak of the Space Studies
Institute (SSI) and Dr.  Carl Peterson of the Mining and Excavation
Research Institute of M.I.T.

   Maryniak spoke first and began by commenting that the quintessential
predicament of space flight is that everything launched from Earth must be
accelerated to orbital velocity. Related to this is that the traditional
way to create things in space has been to manufacture them on Earth and
then launch them into orbit aboard large rockets.  The difficulty with this
approach is the huge cost-per-pound of boosting anything out of this
planet's gravity well. Furthermore, Maryniak noted, since (at least in the
near to medium term) the space program must depend upon the government for
most of its funding,  for this economic drawback necessarily translates
into  a  political problem.

   Maryniak continued by noting that the early settlers in North America
did not attempt to transport across the Atlantic everything then needed to
sustain them in the New World.  Rather they brought their tools with them
and constructed  their habitats from local materials. Hence,  he suggested
that the solution to the dilemma to which he referred required not so much
a shift in technology as a shift in thinking.  Space,  he argued, should be
considered not as a vacuum, totally devoid of everything. Rather, it should
be regarded as an ocean, that is, a hostile environment but one having
resources.  Among the resources of space, he suggested, are readily
available solar power and potential surface mines on the Moon and later
other celestial bodies as well.

   The Moon, Maryniak stated, contains many useful materials. Moreover, it
is twenty-two times easier to accelerate a payload to lunar escape velocity
than it is to accelerate the identical mass out of the EarthUs gravity
well. As a practical matter the advantage in terms of the energy required
is even greater because of the absence of a lunar atmosphere. Among other
things this permits the use of devices such  as  electromagnetic
accelerators (mass drivers) to launch payloads from the MoonUs surface.

   Even raw Lunar soil is useful as shielding for space stations and other
space habitats.  At present,  he noted, exposure to radiation will prevent
anyone for spending a total of more than six months out of his or her
entire lifetime on the space station. At the other end of the scale, Lunar
soil can be processed into its constituent materials. In between steps are
also of great interest. For example, the MoonUs soil is rich in oxygen,
which makes up most of the mass of water and rocket propellant. This oxygen
could be RcookedS out of the Lunar soil. Since most of the mass of the
equipment which would be necessary to accomplish this would consist of
relatively low technology hardware, Maryniak suggested the possibility that
at least in the longer term the  extraction  plant  itself  could  be
manufactured largely on the Moon. Another possibility currently being
examined is the manufacture of glass from Lunar soil and using it as
construction material.  The techniques involved, according to Maryniak, are
crude but effective. (In answer to a question posed by a member of the
audience after the formal presentation, Maryniak stated that he believed
the brittle properties of glass could be overcome by using glass-glass
composites. He also suggested yet another possibility, that of using Lunar
soil as a basis of concrete.)

   One possible application of such Moon-made glass would be in glass-glass
composite beams. Among other things, these could be employed as structural
elements in a solar power satellite (SPS). While interest in the SPS has
waned in this country,  at least temporarily, it is a major focus of
attention in the U.S.S. R. , Western Europe and Japan. In particular, the
Soviets have stated that they will build an SPS by the year 2000 (although
they plan on using Earth launched materials. Similarly the Japanese are
conducting SPS related sounding rocket tests. SSI studies have suggested
that more than 90%,  and perhaps as much as 99% of the mass of an SPS can
be constructed out of Lunar materials.

   According to Maryniak, a fair amount of work has already been performed
on the layout of Lunar mines and how to separate materials on the Moon.
Different techniques from those employed on Earth must be used because of
the absence of water on the Moon. On the other hand, Lunar materials
processing can involve the use of self-replicating factories. Such a
procedure may be able to produce a so-called Rmass payback ratioS of 500 to
1. That is, the mass of the manufactories which can be established by this
method will equal 500 times the mass of the original RseedS plant emplaced
on the Moon.

   Maryniak also discussed the mining of asteroids using mass-driver
engines, a technique which SSI has long advocated. Essentially this would
entail a spacecraft capturing either a sizable fragment of a large asteroid
or preferably an entire small asteroid. The spacecraft would be equipped
with machinery to extract minerals and other useful materials  from  the
asteroidal mass. The slag or other waste products generated in this process
would be reduced to finely pulverized form and accelerated by a mass driver
in order to propel the captured asteroid into an orbit around Earth. If the
Earth has so-called Trojan asteroids, as does Jupiter, the energy required
to bring materials from them to low Earth orbit (LEO) would be only 1% as
great as that required to launch the same amount of mass from Earth. (Once
again, moreover, the fact that more economical means of propulsion can be
used for orbital transfers than for accelerating material to orbital
velocity would likely make the practical advantages even greater. )
However, Maryniak noted that observations already performed have ruled out
any Earth-Trojan bodies larger than one mile in diameter.

   In addition to the previously mentioned SPS,  another possible use for
materials mined from planets would be in the construction of space
colonies.  In this connection Maryniak noted that a so-called biosphere was
presently being constructed outside of Tucson, Arizona. When it is
completed eight people will inhabit it for two years entirely sealed off
from the outside world. One of the objectives of this experiment will be to
prove the concept of long-duration closed cycle life support systems.

   As the foregoing illustrates, MaryniakUs primary focus was upon mining
the planets as a source for materials to use in space. Dr. PetersonUs
principal interest, on the other hand, was the potential application of
techniques and equipment developed for use on the Moon and the asteroids to
the mining industry here on Earth. Dr Peterson began his presentation by
noting that the U. S. mining industry was in very poor condition.  In
particular, it has been criticized for using what has been described as
Rneanderthal technology. S Dr.  Peterson clearly implied that such
criticism is justified, noting that the sooner or later the philosophy of
not doing what you canUt make money on today will come back to haunt
people. A possible solution to this problem, Dr. Peterson, suggested, is a
marriage between mining and aerospace.

   (As an aside, Dr. PetersonUs admonition would appear to be as applicable
to the space program as it is to the mining industry,  and especially to
the reluctance of  both  the government and the private sector to fund
long-lead time space projects. The current problems NASA is having getting
funding for the space station approved by Congress and the failure begin
now to implement the recommendations of the National Commission on Space
particularly come to mind.)

   Part of the mining industryUs difficulty, according to Dr. Peterson is
that is represents a rather small market. This tends to discourage long
range research. The result is to produce on the one hand brilliant
solutions to individual,  immediate problems, but on the other hand overall
systems of incredible complexity. This complexity, which according to Dr.
Peterson has now reached intolerable levels,  results from the fact that
mining machinery evolves one step at a time and thus is subject to the
restriction that each new subsystem has to be compatible with all of the
other parts of the system that have not changed. Using slides to illustrate
his point, Dr. Peterson noted that so-called RcontinuousS coal mining
machines can in fact operate only 50% of the time. The machine must stop
when the shuttle car, which removes the coal,  is full.  The shuttle cars,
moreover, have to stay out of each others way. Furthermore, not only are
Earthbound mining machines too heavy to take into space, they are rapidly
becoming too heavy to take into mines on Earth.

   When humanity begins to colonize the Moon,  Dr.  Peterson asserted, it
will eventually prove necessary to go below the surface for the
construction of habitats, even if the extraction of Lunar materials can be
restricted  to  surface  mining operations. As a result, the same problems
currently plaguing Earthbound mining will be encountered. This is where
Earth and Moon mining can converge. Since Moon mining will start from
square one, Dr. Peterson implied, systems can be designed as a whole rather
than piecemeal. By the same token, for the reasons mentioned there is a
need in the case of Earthbound mining machinery to back up and look at
systems as a whole.  What is required, therefore, is a research program
aimed at developing technology that will be useful on the Moon  but
pending development of Lunar mining operations can also be used down here
on Earth.

   In particular, the mining industry on Earth is inhibited by overly
complex equipment unsuited to todayUs opportunities in remote control and
automation. It needs machines simple enough to take advantage of
tele-operation and automation.  The same needs exist with respect to the
Moon.  Therefore the mining institute hopes to raise enough funds for
sustained research in mining techniques useful both on Earth and on other
celestial bodies as well. In this last connection, Dr. Peterson noted that
the mining industry is subject to the same problem as the aerospace
industry: Congress is reluctant to fund long range research. In addition,
the mining industry has a problem of its own in that because individual
companies are highly competitive research results are generally not shared.

   Dr.  Peterson acknowledged,  however,  that there are differences
between mining on Earth and mining  on  other planetary bodies.  The most
important is the one  already mentioned-heavy equipment cannot be used in
space.  This will mean additional problems for space miners. Unlike space
vacuum, rock does not provide a predictable environment.  Furthermore, the
constraint in mining is not energy requirements,  but force requirements.
Rock requires heavy forces to move.  In other words, one reason earthbound
mining equipment is heavy is that it breaks. This brute force method,
however, cannot be used in space. Entirely aside from weight limitations,
heavy forces cannot be generated on the Moon and especially on asteroids,
because lower gravity means less traction. NASA has done some research on
certain details of this problem, but there is a need for fundamental
thinking about how to avoid using big forces.

   One solution, although it would be limited to surface mining, is the
slusher-scoop. This device scoops up material in a bucket dragged across
the surface by cables and a winch.  One obvious advantage of this method is
that it by passes low gravity traction problems. Slushers are already in
use here on Earth. According to Peterson, the device was invented by a
person named Pat Farell. Farell was, Peterson stated,  a very innovative
mining engineer partly because be did not attend college and therefore did
not learn what couldnUt be done.

   Some possible alternatives to the use of big forces were discussed
during the question period that followed the formal presentations. One was
the so called laser cutter.  This, Peterson indicated, is a potential
solution if power problems can be overcome.  It does a good job and leaves
behind a vitrified tube in the rock.  Another possibility is fusion
pellets, which create shock waves by impact. On the other hand, nuclear
charges are not practical.  Aside from considerations generated by treaties
banning the presence of nuclear weapons in space, they would throw material
too far in a low gravity environment.
