        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on the Creation  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of the Universe         ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:1035  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    The Creation of The Universe, The Earth, and Human Beings

     In the beginning there was only darkness.  For many millions of years
this darkness remained.  There were no stars, no sun, and no earth.  But
one day something very special happened.  The darkness created light.  It
was a very small amount of light but it was just enough.  The light became
the husband of the dark.  After a long while both the light and the dark
became bored.  The light began to insult the dark and the light replied
with equally harsh insults.

     "You are not as beautiful as I!" said the light.
     "Ha! You are much uglier than I!" said the dark.

     Eventually they began to fight.  None could triumph over the other,
however, because they both were equal in power.  Dark had a little bit more
strength but light had a little bit more cunning. They continued to fight
for a very long time until one day the light was tired and she called to
the dark.

     "We must create beings that will give more meaning to our lives for we
must live together for eternity."

     The dark agreed and so it was settled.  They would conceive two new
beings.  One would be female the other would be male and the two siblings
would be fertile and give birth to the universe. The light gave birth to a
god, the first god, and his name was Thrakath.  He was the creator of the
universe and the son of the light and the dark.  The light also gave birth
to Tria and she was the creator of the universe, the daughter of the light
and the dark and the wife of Thrakath.

     Both Thrakath and Tria lived together within the light and dark for a
long time creating the universe within their minds. After they had finished
thinking they decided to implement their plans.  First they created the
stars.  There were many stars throughout the universe and both Thrakath and
Tria were pleased. But the stars eventually became troublesome so they
decided to create the sun.

     The sun became the king of the universe and he was very bright so he
could be seen from far and wide.  The stars feared him and so again began
to behave in an appropriate fashion.  He also was very hot and warmed the
once cold universe so that life would be possible.

     Then, Thrakath and Tria decided to make planets.  They made eight
planets, one every month for eight months.  These planets were much smaller
than the stars and they worshipped the sun and revolved around him.  They
waited three more months until they created the ninth planet.  This planet
they named Earth and decided to make her special.  The other planets became
jealous but the ever present sun discouraged them from displaying unrest.

     The earth became extremely weary of her life so Thrakath and Tria gave
her a friend who would be her eternal companion named Moon.  Moon and Earth
became good friends and they stayed together. Thrakath and Tria were very
pleased with what they had created but they were not quite finished.

     They were tired of creating, however, and so they created an earth-god
name Terra who would develop and populate the earth. Terra wasted no time
in getting to work.  First he created water and then he created land.  When
he had finished he thought to himself how very beautiful Earth was and he
was also pleased.  Then he reached into his pockets and took out some
seeds.  Terra proceeded to plant these seeds in the land.  They were all
different types of seeds and from them sprang many different trees. Some
bared fruit and others didn't.

     Terra thought to himself that the plants were nice but were not
interesting enough so he planted special seeds that would grow into
animals.  Only two of each type of animals were created but they mated and
reproduced and populated the earth.  He then thought to himself that the
animals were interesting but were not very smart.  He wanted to create
individuals who, like himself, could also create.  So after much thought,
he created people.

     The people were very smart.  They learned much by just observing the
environment around them.  They used the plants to create tools and shelter
for themselves.  They also used plants for food.  They killed some of the
animals and used them for clothing and also for food.  Terra was ecstatic
at what he had created and bragged about the people to Thrakath and Tria
who were interested.

     For many hundreds of years the people were good, taking only what they
needed from the earth and obeying the wishes of Terra, the earth-god.  They
always remembered to worship him for they owed him much.  The people loved
Terra and each other and were happy. They reproduced and soon populated the
earth along with the animals.

     But then humans started to do bad things.  They began to kill each
other, waste the food, and disobey Terra.  They no longer worshipped him
and many forgot him altogether.  The people thought that they could live
well without respecting the earth-god.  Terra the earth-god became very
displeased and so he created a great and terrible monster to deal with the
people.  The monster was named Dragga and he was a violent and terrifying
beast.  He swept down upon the earth with great fury and devoured as many
people as his immense belly could hold.  Those that he could not eat he
grabbed with his enormous claws and snapped in half.

     The people were horrified and called out to Terra to have mercy and
save them.  Terra heard their cries and had pity for them so he created a
great earth warrior named Hercles to slay the beast.  Hercles had
superhuman strength and possessed a sharp, double-edged sword.  He
travelled many miles to find Dragga and when he found the monster he
immediately slayed him.  The people were grateful to Terra for sending them
such a fearless warrior to slay Dragga and made Hercles their King.  With
Hercles as their king, the people of the earth once again became prosperous
and the world was returned to order.
