        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on nuclear       ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [weapons and their       ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [hazards.                ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:950   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

     The modern world is threaten by atomic bombs, chemical weapons, and
other nuclear weapons.  The nuclear weapon is the number one problem facing
the world today.  We have not been able to get nuclear weapons under
control yet but we all know that our world will be totally destroy.  Since
the development of nuclear energy, the outcome of human civilization was
very slim.  It was intended for a good cause, when a Germany-Jew split the
atom and found energy, but instead it was used for destroying the next
country. The effect on the modern world in devastating.  More recent atomic
weapons are the ICBM missile.  These missiles have multiple warheads that
can destroy the entire world in less then 35 minutes.

     Nuclear war would produced so much smoke that rapid, substantial
temperature and rainfall decreases would occur over wide areas of the
middle Northern Hemisphere.  Smaller temperature decreases might occur in
low latitudes but more importantly in these regions rainfall would probably
decreases because monsoons could not develop.  Like in On The Beach, all
the radiation move towards Australia and everyone innocent people died.

     A large-scale nuclear war would lessen food production over large
expanses in the Northern Hemisphere, this could occur through acute
climatic conditions which chilling or freezing temperatures occurring for
brief periods during the growing season which could destroy crops or lower
production.  As result of the variety of potential physical and societal
disruptions to agriculture from a large-scale nuclear war, agriculture in
the Northern Hemisphere could be shut down or significantly reduced for the
first growing season after war and maybe several growing seasons.  Only the
major grain-producing countries such as United States, Canada, and
Australia had enough stored food to keep their populations alive if they
lost the crops from a full growing season.  For countries and thus for most
of the people on earth, the food would run out in a matter of a few months
if there were no agricultural production for just one growing season.  The
majority of the earth's human population is vulnerable to starvation
following a large-scale nuclear war.  As the radiation affect the human,
the skin melts on direct contact, buildings collapse, bodies everywhere,
pile up everywhere.  When we bomb Nagasaki & Hiroshima, on a one megaton
bomb, 3 miles in radius was totally destroy.  Now, with 20 megaton minimal
to 100 megaton maximum, can destroy a whole 25 miles in radius and more.

     No one can stop this madness.  Even if you're able to control the
nuclear weapons, some people country such as Iraq would buy the weapon or
make their own and other country will start another war.  In Iraq, Saddam
Hussein's nuclear power plants were destroy because Iraq threaten the world
so much that you must destroy his power plant.  Like the movie, The Day
After, one person launched the missile, and the rest of the world launch
the missile because theres no way of stopping it.  One way of controlling
it, is stopping the people that makes the nuclear weapon.  People have a
disease of killing the world and making the world a living hell for all of
us.  In the book, 5:10 AM, there was a unidentified object on the radar,
people are out there partying while an unexpected announcement that it
might be a ICBM, everyone started to panic everyone started to seek shelter
but this family had an emergency shelter, the people beg their way in, more
then 100 of them trying to get into a 4 people shelter and everyone was
trying to kill themselves to survive and they nearly torn down the door but
the radio came on saying that it was a satellite while everyone was happy
again and start partying and the people never learns.

     No body should have access to the nuclear weapons but nuclear energy
is allowed.  The space program should have access to the nuclear energy
because they can harnest the energy into good use and maybe blow up the
aliens.  The space program could also make advanced rockets so we can
travel faster and discover even more things.  Even if you blow your
opponent out, wind will eventually blow the radiation fall out back to your
country and every one will still hate you it'll even carry the radiation to
other countries and other countries will nuke you because you cause it and
at the end, you'll end up with a huge comisc radioactive cloud and it'll
destroy all living things such as baby with three head, fish with five eyes
and other thing such as cats with six legs.

     We really don't have a choice in this matter, the government is the
one that sits behind the desk that holds the buttons to launch, its their
country.  If they wants to blow up the planets they'll blow it up.  People
are too smart for it, they're just using nuclear weapons to threaten other
country.

