        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on why the        ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Puritans origionally    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [came to America...      ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [Freedom.                ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:837   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    When the English came to America to escape religious persecution,
things commenced at a shaky start.  For example, Puritans fled from England
because of religious persecution. They were being physically beaten because
of their religious beliefs therefore they attempted to create a Utopia or
"City upon a hill" in the New World.  There "City upon a hill" began with a
government based on religious beliefs.  It developed into a government
which condemned those who did not believe in the Puritan beliefs.  For
example, one had to believe in the Puritan religion and attend church to
vote and become a member of the Puritan society.  This practice further
developed into a situation in which you were beaten or killed if you did
not believe in the Puritan religion and remained in Puritan "Utopia" -- the
exact situation which they had fled from England. Later, it would take the
gathering of American thinkers to deduce what liberties were guaranteed and
which were not, to avoid mistakes made by puritans and others in history.
The Forefathers of the United States conjured up the Bill of Rights which
illustrated which rights were endowed to the people of the United States.
They adopted the Bill of rights, which was drafted for political
motivations, and it evolved into a document which shelters American
people's civil liberties.

    When the Bill of Rights was adopted, political motivations superceded
libertarian views.  James Madison claimed that this "nauseous project of
amendments" would "kill the opposition[for the ratification of the
constitution] everywhere..."  In the beginning, the Bill of Rights was
first drafted up to appease the Anti-Federalists and coax them into
ratifying the constitution. For without the Bill of Rights the constitution
may have never been ratified.  After its ratification, the Bill of Rights
evolved into more realistic terms.  The Federalists began to notice the
importance of the Bill of Rights as much as the AntiФ Federalists had.
During the next few years the Bill of Rights began to be accepted by the
American people as the essence towards freedom.  As it was noticed more and
more over the years, the Bill of Rights became the basis for individual
rights.  It entitled the American people to rights which they had not
experienced before such as the freedom of press and speech.

    In Tennessee's "Monkey Trial" of 1925, John Scope, a science teacher,
was convicted for teaching evolution.  Only 43 years later would that state
law be overturned.  This constant evolution of the Bill of Rights has made
it what it is today, a document claiming that the American people have
certain 'unalienable' rights.  In 1868, the 14th Amendment was drafted to
insure that peoples rights towards life, liberty, and property would not be
deprived by the state governments without due process of law.  Here, the
most basic rights of the people were secured from the state governments.
In Minersville School District vs. Gobits, Lillian Gobitas refused to
salute the American flag.  She was a devout Jehovah's Witness and was told
not to "`Heil Hitler' nor any other creature."  This straight-A student was
eventually expelled and here father, Walter, took the case to the Supreme
Court.  In 1940 the Court ruled for Minersville School District, yet this
decision was overturned on Flag Day, 1943.  Lillian Gobitas, now 67,
realized that she was entitled to the freedom to speak and to express
herself, or freedom to not speak or not to express herself.

    The Bill of Rights today is in need of revision;however it still
protects civil liberties and is the best declaration for human rights that
America has.  Only 31 years ago did the Court rule that prayers would not
take place in the business of government.  In 1971 a defense analyst turned
over the Pentagon Papers, which documented a hidden involvement with
Vietnam. Nixon claimed that the papers were a "threat to national
security."  In this case, somebody had to defy the government in order to
let the public know what the government was doing.  The government today is
still not telling the public the rest of the story and shouldn't the public
have a right to know what is going on with foreign relations in our
government?  Only 2 years ago did the Court free Gregory Johnson.  He was
arrested for burning a flag in 1984.  In the first amendment, the right to
hold a peaceful assembly should not be prohibited.  If burning a flag
causes this much controversy should it be noted as a peaceful assembly?

    Now, 200 years later, does the Bill of Rights still apply today, under
the different circumstances, towards everybody the in the same way it did
when it was first drafted?  The right to bear arms surely must not include
automatic weapons.  When James Madison constructed the Bill of Rights did
he know that it would apply to nearly 225 million people 200 years later?
Although these rights of the American people are consistently being
modified, the basic right to freedom and liberty will always be there in
general.
