        ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ                            ÜÜÜ           ÜÜÜÜ
     ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßÛßßßßßÛÛÜ       ÜÜßßßßÜÜÜÜ ÜÛÜ  ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÛßß ßÛÛ
    ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ßÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÜÛÛÜÜÜ   ßÛÛÛÛÜ ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÛÛÜÜÜÛÛÝ Ûß
        ßßßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÞÝ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßßÛÜÞÛÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛÛÜ    ßßÛÛÛÞß
Mo.iMP  ÜÛÛÜ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝÛ  ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ    ÞÛÛÛÛ     ÞÛÛÛÛÛÝ      ßÛß
      ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ     ÛÛÛ       ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
     ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ  ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ       ß        ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛ
    ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ               ÞÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß
   ÜÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÜÜ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝ ÛÛÞÛÛÛÛÛÝ               ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛßß
  ÜÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÛÛÛÛÜÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÞÛ ßÛÛÛÛÛ           Ü   ÛÝÛÛÛÛÛ             Ü
 ÜÛ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ßÛÜ  ßÛÛÛÜÜ    ÜÜÛÛÛß ÞÛ ÞÛÛÛÝ         ÜÜÛÛ
ÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ßÛÜ  ßßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß ÜÜÜß ÛÛÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛß
 ßÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛß       ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ßßÜÜ ßßÜÛÛßß  ßÛÛÜ   ßßßÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßß
    ßßßßß                ßßÛÛß      ßßßßß        ßßßßßßßßßßßßß
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Strengths and Weaknesses]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of the Roman Catholic   ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Religion in Modern      ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [Society                 ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:837   School: ?              State: ?
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>Chop Here>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    The Christian religion, like all other religions has its strengths and
weaknesses in our modern society.  Perhaps the strengths out weight the
weaknesses as this is one of the largest religions in the world. Hundreds
of people follow the Catholic/Christian religion yet still a greater number
follow yet other religions.  Perhaps this is because they see the
weaknesses or perhaps it is simply because their parents have taught them
that it is a sin to follow this religion.

    The Christian religions do however present much more of an appealing
atmosphere than such other religions which are as large as the Christian.
The Christian religion is one of few religions where punishments for sins
are not severe.  In the Christian religion, even if you have lived a life
of sin, so long as you repent in the end, you will be saved and given
eternal life.  This is not so in other religions.  Such religions as
Hinduism for instance do not believe this.  For everything you do wrong you
will be punished.  For every action, there is an equal and opposite
reaction, if not in this life, then the next.  Hindu's also believe that
punishing the body is part of the path to salvation.  Christianity is
nothing like this.  Many Christians live in high©class society.
Christianity is one of the most appealing in that any sins may easily be
corrected and that Christians may live comfortable, if not wealthy lives
without guilt.

    Christianity, like other religions though, has many weaknesses.
Although as time goes on, Christianity is slowly evolving and trying to
become even more appealing to society, there are still many downfalls. One
thing with Christianity is that from day one we are given a guilt trip.  We
are born evil.  We are born with "the original sin".  We are at the mercy
of God.  If we beg forgiveness however, it shall be granted.  My
grandmother for instance has been a firm believer in the Roman Catholic
faith.  She, being taught in the old style, firmly believes in going to
confession weekly and begging for forgiveness.  It has been taught to her
that man is born evil.  All we can do is pray, beg and hope for
forgiveness.  With such a guilt upon his sub©conscience, man can never be
truly happy.

    Yet another strength with the Christian faith is that it is one of the
more flexible religions.  Under the leadership of the pope(s), the Catholic
faith has evolved with modern society and become a more "reasonable" faith.
Such practices as not eating meat on Fridays, and so forth, have been
abolished as the Christian faith has bent to conform with modern society.
Some people may see this as a weakness. This is not so.  The Christian
religion has modified its rituals yet the central beliefs have not been
altered since the very beginning of this religion.  This is actually quite
a good thing.  A religion should change as the modern society does and
conform to a more "acceptable" approach to continue its
teachings/practices.  This is one great thing about the Christian faith.

    A small, often overlooked draw back to the Christian faith is that
there is not any solid proof that Jesus existed.  To the Christian faith,
Jesus is the central figure.  A Christian will tell you that the Bible is
proof that Jesus existed.  The Bible however was written much later, after
Jesus' death.  Therefore the stories contained have been transferred by
word of mouth, which has certainly been distorted and exaggerated.  The
Shroud of Turin used to be the Christian religion's artifact which was
believed to be the original shroud that Jesus was wrapped in when he was
buried and therefore solid proof he existed. Recently due to modern carbon
dating, this "artifact" has been proven to have been created with paint
approximately one thousand years after the day Christ died.  To a
non©believer, this is a major drawback.

    One very strong point about the Catholic/Christian religion is that
they strongly believe in correcting our corrupted world.  Many missionaries
are sent yearly to third world countries where they help educate, feed and
provide moral support for a people who have nothing. With such a practice
in place, the Christian religion has put a smile on faces which normally
would never know anything more than tears. Probably one of the greatest
features of the Christian church which helps it survive in modern society
is the hierarchy system upon which this religion is based. Such strong
organization structure help this religion in well organized money
distribution, etc.  In a modern society, such structure is necessary.

    As one of the largest religions, the Catholic/Christian religion is one
of the great religions which stills lives strongly among us in our
increasingly modern society.  Despite its many weaknesses, the Christian
faith has even more strengths upon which its survival is based.  Times may
change, technology may advance, but essential beliefs never alter.
