        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Rome           ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:574   School:Public Co-Ed    State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 Rome peaked between 27 B.C. and 180 A.D. This time was called Pax Romana,
which means Roman Peace. The government was able to control all of Rome. It
did not matter if the emperor was weak or incompetent, for the government
was able to hold the empire together under such dictators. Government
officials also received salaries as well as respect, so those with great
ability, though lacking in wealth, could afford to become an official.

 During this time provincial governors lost power and were less corrupt.
Any citizen could appeal to the emperor over one of the governor's rulings.
Spain and Gaul benefited greatly and built small replicas of Rome. There
were no direct taxes, and the wealthy took so much pride in their cities
that they often gave money to the city's government so it could build
things for the public, such as public buildings, streets, schools and
entertainment.

 Roman law also expanded and the concept of "innocent until proven guilty"
was introduced. New laws were passed, and judges interpreted old ones so
they would fit in more than they had originally. American judges do the
same today.

 Rome also built a great army. This army guarded Rome from outside attacks.
The army was mostly made up of citizens who would serve for 20 years.
Non-citizens were able to enlist for 25 years, and at the end of their
service, they were given citizenship.

 Since much land was worn out by farming in southern Italy and Greece trade
was encouraged. Roads were built and a postal service was established.
Instead of slaves, colonus', or tenant farmers, grew crops. It was often
cheaper for a landowner to free a slave and then make him a colonus, for
then the land owner did not have to feed or clothe the person anymore.
There was also trade from China and India for glass, spices. silk, and
other luxuries.

 The living conditions during Pax Romana for the majority, who were poor,
were deplorable. The lived in wooden apartments, which were liable to
collapse or catch on fire. The rich citizen, on the other hand, had two
houses and a good life.

 Romans science was unremarkable compared to our own. Their architecture,
on the other hand, was quite amazing. The rich had running water, and there
were sewer systems. They also made use of the arch and the dome.

 Roman education was not public, like ours, but private. Education cost
money, as was common in cultures before modern times. It was divided into
an elementary school, a secondary school, and a college level school. What
you could major in depended on your location.

 Though advanced for that point in time, Romans were not without their
barbaric side. Often for entertainment they would set animals against
gladiators or even gladiators against other gladiators for amusement. The
crowd would decide whether a gladiator should live or die. Romans also
enjoyed plays as the Greeks did, and had playwrights of its own.

 In all, the Roman culture set the basis for many western concepts, and was
the most powerful empire of its time.
