        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Comparison of Hitler's  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Germany and Stalin's    ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Russia                  ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1006  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Analyze the similarities and the differences between single party rule in
Hitler's Germany and Stalin's Russia between 1933 and 1945. Answers should
consider: methods of dealing with opposition, control of media and
education, control of the economy, and war time planning.

                      Fascism as apposed to Communism

    Why is it that Germany's fascism lasted a relatively short time
compared to Russia's communism? The regimes established under Hitler and
Stalin were incredibly similar with respect to the rise and control of the
state. Both systems were based on entirely different ideology and goals.
Hitler's Mein Kampf established the superiority of the German race and the
need to expand as wanted by God. Hitler wanted the world. The government in
Russia established by Lenin was based on a book called Communist Manifesto
by Karl Marx, a call to the proletariate to unite and rebel against their
selfish employers. It is my belief that Lenin had entirely good reasons for
doing as he did, and felt he was helping the world as apposed to Adolf
Hitler. Immediately after Lenin's death, a man very much the same in nature
as Hitler, Stalin, came to control the Bolsheviks and throw Russia in a
civil war in a quest for power. You now have two men of equal aspirations
soon to be in control of two very similar governments.

     In any rise of power, there needs to be a period of careful planning
requiring much thought. These two men had very little history with which to
work with which to model their revolutions. Times had been changing
rapidly, technological improvements in the fields of manufacturing,
transportation, and communication made this period of time very different
from any other. Hitler spent his time imprison writing his book, Mein
Kampf, filling it full of warped ideas of conquest and superiority of one
race over another. I think it is strange that such works would go unnoticed
with nobody left to watch a man with such dangerous ideas. Lenin planned
his revolution while in exile in Switzerland. Then he made a deal with the
German government whereby he was hid on a train and passed through enemy
Germany to Russia. The conclusions with respect to methods of acquiring
power and controlling it when they did get it were very much the same.

     Both rulers had full run of their respective governments. Stalin was
already dictator of Russia with his power and loyalty of the people
guaranteed by the secret police, the Cheka. This entity provided Stalin
with an easy means of destroying the opposition and weeding out the
undesirable to be sent to prison camps in Siberia, a virtual death
sentence. For Hitler to ascend to that level of power he rammed the
Enabling Act through the German Congress which gave him the power to enact
laws. Under Article 1 of his new power, Hitler decreed the only existing
party shall be the NSDAP. With Article 2 he declared all association of,
collaboration with, and support of other parties would result in
imprisonment in camps similar to Russia's labor camps. With Hitler's
Gestapo, secret police, he enforced those rules and used existing policies
to get rid of other unfit Germans. Political prisoners, homosexuals, Jews
and other people sent to the concentration camps were given different
colored symbols for easy identification. At this point, no one dared speak
against their country even in the privacy of one's home lest their children
let something slip at school.

     If you control people's thoughts, you control them. Propaganda was an
important tool used by both Germany and Russia. Hitler appointed a man by
the name of Joseph Goebbles to head the Ministry of Public Enlightenment in
Germany. This man used newspapers, magazines, and radio to spread Nazism.
Even if a man bathed in thoughts of discontent at home, he was bombarded
with propaganda in public, and at the workplace. Banners hung from
building, posters on almost every sign or lamppost. Anyone with a
suspicious look on their face was first detained, and the sent to a prison
camp. It was no longer just desirable to be a Nazi considering the benefits
like government contracts or being able to stand first in line, but
necessary for employment. Russia employed much the same tactics with much
more emphasis on fear.

     Education was virtually unheard of in the early years of Russia, but
by 1933 children were guaranteed primary education. Huge problems resulted
form the ignorance and illiteracy, workers usually did not intentionally
break machines but did not know how to use them. In official reports the
reason for failure was terrorism by the Kulaks, rich peasants persecuted in
the same way Germany's Jews. German education was geared toward physical
aspects and the fathering of children. Membership to the German Youth for
boys was compulsory by 1936. Emphasis was placed on physical fitness and
team sports in these youth groups. Outstanding youths went to Adolf Hitler
schools for secondary education, and Order Castles for future party
leaders.

     Control of the economy and war time planning was a must for both
nations. A story likened to the fact that with Communism you must give your
cows to the government and they give you milk back. With fascism, you got
to keep your cows and gave the milk to the government. Both systems were
command economies and state controlled. Contingency plans were constantly
drawn up and updated to fit new circumstances. Both nations were preparing
for war. Germany was going to rule the world, Russia only wanted to defend
herself from Capitalism.

     The resulting governments evolving from the two different systems of
thought were very similar. But as one can see, the aspirations were
radically different. Hitler was a threat to everyone and needed to be dealt
with. Russia kept to themselves and bothered no one. A Cold War ensued with
Russia complete with the irrational fear of Communism, McCarthyism, and a
peace time build up of weapons followed. Germany was crushed in battle and
Russia's Iron Curtain is being pulled down as I write.
