        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the Book Sea   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Wolf                    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:575   School:Prep/All Boys   State:CT
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                           Sea Wolf

     Wolf Larsen was a character in the book who never made it all the way
through the book, but he tried very hard.  He was a very strong, brutal man
with almost no respect for human life.  With all the people in the world,
one dead person meant nothing to him.  He was a patient man and usually
kept himself under control.  He was surprisingly smart and thoughtful for a
pirate who lives on the sea.  He loved the sea and knew many things about
it, such as how to outwit his brother when he came near Wolf's boat.

     Humphrey Van Weydon, or Hump as he was called on the boat, was a
landlubber.  He had a very comfortable job, and very soft skin showing how
soft his life had been.  He had barely any muscles and lived a very
pampered living.  He was a gentleman and very proper.  Being proper, he was
very intelligent and had a very extensive vocabulary. He seemed very
surprised when he realized Wolf and he both shared some vocabulary words
and meanings.  Hump wasn't used to living on a boat, but he soon learned to
live on one.  He became accepted on the boat with the crew.

     Wolf and Hump were very different people with few similarities. Wolf
was very strong and bullied everyone around.  He believed everyone was
insignificant, while Hump was nice, proper and believed everyone was unique
and we all should live and that one person can make a big difference and
change in the world.  Wolf also tried to turn Hump into a strong man, since
Hump was a wimp in everyone's eye on the boat.  Wolf had one disadvantage
though, during his voyages, he read many books, but was never able to say
what he read or really talk about anything he read.  When Hump came along,
they shared and exchanged knowledge and each learned new things about the
books they read.

     One scene that stands out the most from the book was when Wolf Larsen
was engaged in a battle with his brother.  Wolf played Hide-N- Seek with
his brother behind fog on the seas for a long time.  During this fight,
Hump and Maud Brewster, a girl whom Hump was in love with and was trapped
on the boat too, got on a small boat and sailed to safety away from Wolf's
boat to freedom.  Only later after Hump saw Wolf's boat stranded on the
island where Hump and Maud were living did he hear from Wolf that his
brother came on board during the night and offered everyone a chance to get
away and paid them to go on his boat. Wolf's boat didn't have any crew left
after everyone left.

     Sea Wolf and Dove surprisingly had many similarities between them.
Sea Wolf was a story was told on the sea and in first person just as Dove
had been done.  In the sea, Hump worked under Wolf Larsen as a crewman
while Robin worked under the stress of finishing the journey around the
world.  In both books the main character found true love.  Hump found and
fell in love with Maud while Robin fell in love with Patti.  Finally, both
stories ended with the problems solved, Wolf Larsen died leaving Hump free
from stress of him killing him, and robin finished the journey to have a
family and spend the rest of his time with his wife Patti.
