        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Chapters 3,4,5 ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of Shoeless Joe         ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1704  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     I think that chapter three confirms the idea that fantasies will only
work if one believes. All through this chapter, we see the beliefs of Ray
and Jerry in the statement made by the ball park announcer. They suffer and
work hard in order to collect more information about Moonlight Graham. Both
men know that he is dead but by believing, they want to imagine that he is
living and want to make him part of their dream.

     In this chapter, there are many analogies. For example, the reason
that Archy Graham is called Moonlight Graham is because he was seen one
night walking in the moonlight and going to play baseball. In addition to
that, W.P. Kinsella uses magic in a couple If incidents during this
chapter. Once incident where he uses this magic is when we read about the
meeting that Ray has with Moonlight Graham. In addition to that, the boy
that they meet in the end of the chapter is also magic because he is
Moonlight Graham in his youth. Both incidents are magic because we know
that Moonlight Graham is dead therefor the incidents cannot be true.

     During this chapter, we see how Jerry is loved by the people. He
attracts the service-station attendants,(Pg.102), cashiers and almost
everyone he meets. In addition to that, we see the effect that Ray's dream
has on Jerry. Salinger is now part of Ray's dreams. He has reached the
point where he sometimes sees things that Ray does not see and he refuses
to return home and stop this quest for dreams.

     Chapter three uses many descriptive paragraphs and language. In
writing this chapter, Kinsella uses good adjectives, similes and
comparisons. In the quote on page 109, Kinsella combines his similes,
adjectives and use of good language to write a very effective paragraph.
This paragraph applies to real life because it is true that a dead person
is forgotten and  that when he is remembered, it is almost like saying that
this person has returned to life. This chapter also contains many other
paragraphs that we can learn from and relate to. For example, it is true
that 'hardly anybody recognizes the most significant moments of their life
at the time.'

     Everything that Ray Kinsella wanted so far has come true. He has
managed to convince Jerry to accompany him in the trip and successfully
collected the required information about Moonlight Graham. Although I think
that what Ray is doing is wrong, I believe that he has no other choice but
to go on with the project. He has went so far into this project and dream
that it is now hard for him to stop. He has reached the point of no return.

     In chapter four, we see that fantasies and dreams can only
work for some people but not for others. The fact that Richard
could not see the players in Ray's ballpark but everyone did
confirmed the idea that one can only make fantasies work if they
believe. As we can see all through this book, Ray KInsella believed
in this fantasy and this is why he has managed to obtain everything 
he wants and has searched for. He has been able to meet Shoeless 
Joe, Doc Graham, Eddie Scissions, J.D. Salinger and his father too.

     During this chapter, we see the love that Salinger, Ray and 
Archie hold for baseball. They consider it their life and would
risk their lives in order to play the game. For them, the ball park
is more like 'a church than a church.' There is also one major lie 
in this chapter. This is seen when we are told that Eddie claims
that he is the oldest Chicago Cub player. We know that this is not
true and we can therefor come to the conclusion that Eddie is
phoney.

     W.P.Kinsella uses magic in many different incidents during 
this chapter. For example, when we are told that Shoeless Joe and
the other unlucky eight are playing baseball, we know that this is
not true and therefor a magic because those player have all dies
very long ago. In addition, when Ray and Rich have a vision of
their 
father, we know that all this is an imagination because their 
father had died also.

     In the opening events of this book, we see how Ray feels about 
Marc. In this chapter, these feelings are justified. We learn that 
Marc is going through major financial problems and he needs to buy
Ray's farm not because he wants to help his sister, but because he
had bought all the farms surrounding Ray's farm and he needs this
last one in order to proceed with his project. Marc does not really
care for his sister and brother in law and Ray therefor hates him 
and threatens to use force in order to get him out of his farm.

     During this chapter, there are many contrasting, foreshadowing 
and related events to events that took place in previous chapters.
In the second chapter of this book, Ray warned Annie to be careful
of his brother Rich and not to mistake one for the other. This was
a kind of foreshadowing. In this chapter, Annie is actually
mistaken 
for Rich. She hesitates when her husband returns back from the trip 
in fear that he is Richard, Ray's brother. Another example is seen 
when we are told that Rich paid Ray a visit after 20 years. It is
also noticed that during this visit, they actually got to meet
their father.

     In addition to all that, Kinsella continues to use good 
metaphors, similes and descriptive lines in his writings. He
successfully uses the simile that 'an empty ballpark at night must
be like the inside of a pyramid," to describe to  us how the 
ballpark looks. He also describes the ball on page 139 very
effectively during it's different stages in the air.

     This chapter was generally very slow. There was hardly any 
action in the plot. Although it is less interesting when compared
to chapter two and three, there were some exciting parts to it.
When Salinger, Ray and Archie go to the ball park at night, we can
understand that the mood is very tensed and that they are taking a
big risk by playing in the ballpark at night. All in all, this adds
more excitement to the chapter and to the book.

     Chapter five was a very short chapter. Unlike the previous chapters,
this chapter lacked the detail and the descriptive paragraphs that one
would find in chapters one to four. There was hardly any action. Basically,
chapter five was the conclusion and described Ray's feelings after his
dream had been accomplished and the ballpark was made available for the
players.

     All in all, Ray was not happy with what was happening. It puzzled me
that Ray was not invited by Shoeless Joe. I think that it was not fare that
he was not invited while Jerry was. The ending of the book is quite
suitable in one way but not in another. It leaves us with the lesson that
people like Ray cannot keep living their life in the past and keep
dreaming. We can assume that Ray was not invited because he does not belong
to the past. However, the only confusing part about this ending is an
unanswered question that states, "Where does J.D.Salinger fit into all this
and why was he the one to be invited not Ray ?". This is what made the
ending confusing and it left the reader with many questions and predictions
to make.

     It is natural to feel the way Ray did when he was told that he was not
invited with Salinger to go out with Shoeless Joe. On page 20, we see an
example of one method that Kinsella used to try and make us relate to the
way Ray feels. The incident about Ray's friends who ignored him and ended
up playing the board game by themselves makes us realize how we would feel
if we were in his place. Ray felt like that when he was not invited.
Kinsella also used a few descriptive paragraphs in this chapter. On the
bottom of page 221, we see the use of good description and adjectives used
by W.P.Kinsella to describe to us how Ray felt at that moment and what he
wanted to do. Another descriptive paragraph or line found in this chapter
is on page 219 when Ray thought about the door he had built and said :

          The last to leave pulls the door closed behind him, and, as if
          this were a signal, the lights that whiten the baseball field
          snap off, glow eerily from yellow to orang to grey, and then
          vanish altogether, along with the other accoutrements of wonder:
          the stands, the fans, the vendors.

     We learn one very valuable lesson from this chapter. Although it might
not have seemed too obvious, the quote on page 220 teaches a lot.

          I do have hope. I think cunning thoughts. My hope id that if I
          serve them well, I may someday be told their secrets, may even be
          invited to walk through the door with them after the game.

This door that Ray was talking about is what separates dreams from reality.
The Unlucky Eight and Ray's father are all fantasies and dreams. They are
all part of the past. Ray is the present. This door prevents and stops us
from visiting the past. What it is trying to say is that we cannot live on
with the past but we have to face the reality. In addition to that, we
learn something else from that quote. All through this book, we saw the
love that Ray held for baseball. He sacrificed his land, took the chance of
going bankrupt, travelled, tried hard and put a lot of effort to make this
dream come true.  From this quote, we learn that Ray did all that so he
could find out the secrets of the unlucky eight. No one does something for
free. No matter what it was that he did, he expected something in return.
That is the case in all human beings.
