        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Slavery.       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:650   School:Public - COED   State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                         Essay on Slavery

     Slavery was caused by economic factors of the english settlers in the
late 17th century. Colonists continually tried to allure laborers to the
colony. The headright system was to give the indentured servant, a method
of becoming independent after a number of years of service. Slavery was
caused by economic reasons. Colonists chiefly relied on Indentured
Servitude, inorder to facilitate their need for labor. The decreasing
population combined with a need for a labor force, led colonists to believe
that African slaves were the most efficient way to acquire a labor force
that would satisfy their needs.

     Before the 1680's, Indentured Servitude was the primary source of
labor in the newly developed colonies. After the 1680's, the population of
the Indentured Servants decreased, exponentially. Their were a number of
different reasons why the population of Indentured Servents had decreased.
The indentured servents were running away from their temporary masters, to
find a job where he could become more independent.  Indentured servents
were also dying of many diseases, which was caused by harsh conditions. The
immigration of servents thus declined, becuase of the people in England
being informed of the  harsh treatment in the colonies. The society was
where the land was easy to find, while the labor was most scarce.
Indentured servitude, was a form of labor which was declining, and the need
for labor increased rapidly.

     In the 1600's, when tobacco was founded by John Rolfe, tobacco became
the main source of income for most of the colonists. The economic
prosperity of the colonies was primarily dependent on the amount of tobacco
produced. The growing of tobacco, needed a large amount of land, with a
large stable work force. The increased demand for a large, stable work
force combined with the availability of African slaves, led to the use of
slavery in the colonies. During the late 17th century, the indentured
servants were running away from their masters farms, if a slave had run
away from their master's farms, then the slave would be easier to discern
because of the color of his skin. To the planter, slavery was the ideal
form of labor that would be most beneficial to productivity of his crop.

     Planters had an abundance of land and a shortage of labor. This
relationship, made the amount of tobacco directly proportional to the
number of slaves that the planter owned. Slavery was the backbone of the
prosperity of the colonies. A major factor in the consideration of slaves
on plantation, is the flux of the land. Tobacco was the major crop of the
17th century, and tobacco is a plant that exhausts nutrients from the soil,
which led to the rotation of crops, inorder to replenish the crops. The
planter needed to educate his workers on certain agricultural techniques
inorder to know how to make the land most productive.  With a permanent
work force, such as slaves, the slaves would only require to be educated
once, instead of the planters having to re-educate indentured servants
every X number of years. The African slaves also had other characteristics
that enticed colonists to use them as a labor force. The African slaves
were immune to malaria, which resisted them from disease. The africans also
were subsistence farmers in africa, thus, they had a tradition of farming,
and essential agricultural skills.

     Slavery was a course in history, where it was opportune for the
colonists to use slavery as a labor force. The decline in population of
indentured servants exacerbated the situation, as time progressed, slavery
became more and more imminent. Morality was not taken into consideration,
because of the settlers were only viewing slavery from a economic view,
rather than a humanitarian point of view. The introduction of slavery into
the colonies can be summarize with a cliche of the settlers being "at the
right place at the right time".
