        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Socrates.     ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:585   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                      Socrates, Leader of the Spartans?

      Socrates, as everyone knows, is a renowned Athenian philosopher.  But
imagine, for a moment, what life would have been like if he had been born
in Sparta.  By questioning the ideals of current society, he might have
instituted changes that would forever alter the world we live in.

      First, some background.  Sparta, at this time, was ruled by Lycurgus,
possibly the worlds first autocratic dictator.  Through harsh controls on a
per- son's lifestyle and living conditions, he was able to create a state
to his liking, with no wasteful art or pleasure.  Instead, he had an
efficient, militaristic state, where one's entire life was devoted to the
defense of the state, starting from the day you were born and not ending
until you died.  For here, the government was supreme, and its wishes must
be obeyed.

      Athens, on the other hand, was much more congenial to a peaceful
lifestyle. Here the mind ruled, not the body.  With a democratic
government, everyone was able to live well and respect others.  In fact,
the entire lifestyle was based on respect and participation.  One could do
whatever he or she wanted without worrying about possible retribution for
their actions.  The army was no slouch eitherit vanquished all comers until
the dreadful Peloponnesian wars.

      If one is to consider Socrates as a Spartan, there are a few
assumptions that must be made.  First, he must have passed the examinations
at Lesche as a baby, and survived through his military training and
mandatory army service. He would then be as a free as a person could be in
Sparta, living life as a slave to the government.  Next, assume that life
as a soldier did not drastically affect his intellectўhe still possessed
the mind of his Athenian alter ego.

      Could a mind like this allow his life to be controlled by one person?
Remember, Socrates constantly questioned the ideas and morals of life.
(Quite possible, he questioned too much, as can be shown with him being
forced to end his life.)  It is doubtful that he would let himself live as
a mere pawn of the government, never being allowed to know what life was
like outside the city walls.  Instead, he would challenge the ideals of the
government, and possibly attempt to overthrow it.

      If he was successful in this revolution, life would have changed
greatly for the Spartans.  The government, most likely, would be similar to
Athen's, with the citizens ruling themselves.  Also, many personal freedoms
would be returned, and the military aspects of life would be reduced;
children would be allowed to grow up and choose their own future.  In fact,
Sparta and Athens would soon begin to resemble each other.

      And if the two cities resembled each other, why should they fight in
a war for total control of Greece?  Instead of having an epic war destroy
the cities, and all that they represented, they would merge, forming a new,
united front. A front that would work together to become stronger, and
increase Greece's posi- tion in the world, taking the place of Rome in
building an empire.  An empire that would forever change the world.  Just
imagine, the people of today could be speaking Attic Greek and praying to
the gods of Mount Olympus.

