        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on how Failure is ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [a Step towards Success  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:606   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
               "Failure Is A Step Towards Success"

     It is amazing when people are faced with failure, how they can turn it
around to create success from that failure.  In both short stories "The
Lamp At Noon" and "The Blue Kimono", George, Marthe and Ellen showed some
type of failure.  Then, turning it around and making a success out of it.

     Ellen was the first one that I noticed, since the first short story
was "The Lamp At Noon".  She definitely failed at first, but picked herself
up and created a little success.  This was shown when she was being nasty
to Paul, making him sound like a failure because he wouldn't leave their
house in the storm. But, in fact she was the real failure.  Paul knew that
the storm was going to end in three days but Ellen did not believe this.
Ellen left the house in the middle of the storm with her baby and was on
her way to her parents house.  Paul noticed they had left and went out
searching for them.  He later found Ellen crouched in a drift of sand, the
baby had died.  So, as you can see Ellen was a very negative type of
person, a complete failure.  She was always thinking negatively and could
never say anything positive about the situation.  I think she found later
found out how much of a mistake it was when the baby died.  It did all
create success in the end.  The storm finally ended in the three days Paul
said it would.  Paul accepted Ellen back into the family after she ran
away.  The last thing was that Paul promised her that he would change his
crops, breed cattle and restore the land again.   So, Ellen did succeed in
the end.

     Secondly, I found that Marthe create success from her failures in "The
Blue Kimono".  She knew herself that she was a failure.  Just the way she
related her Blue Kimono to her own life.  The Kimono was all ripped, torn
and shredded just the way her marriage and life was.  There child was
really sick as well, and had a bad fever.  They thought the boy was going
to die. Those are her failure points from the story.  Her and Paul began to
talk about the boy, and started to think together about taking him to the
hospital.  Suddenly, Marthe checked the child's forehead and it was
beginning to cool.  Her life was becoming to turn around.  Marthe began to
sew her torn Kimono.  Thinking if she did this, her life would become an
even bigger success.  As you can see, Marthe was a failure at the beginning
of the story and changed it around at the end.

     Lastly, Marthe's husband George was found to be a failure. He was
basically the same as Marthe.  He had only Negative things to say about the
child, their luck and their marriage.  He knew his whole life was a big
failure.  George and Marthe began to argue over the whole situation.
Telling each other that their whole life was one big mess.  George and
Marthe began working together to help their child.  They found when they
worked together, the child began to steadily improve.  In the end, George
was playing around with his son.  He thought this was a step in turning his
life around.

     In Conclusion, both of the short stories were basically the same I
thought.  There were always negative decisions and arguments.  In all cases
though, what seems like a failure in the story, wound up turning into a
success in the end of the story.
