        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Summary of a bunch of   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Stories.                ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:1,150 School:Public - COED   State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Here are a bunch of stories in summary:
--

Title: "The Boar Hunt"

Author: Jose Vasconcelos

Setting: near a peruvian river, part of the Amazon jungle

Characters: four companions known as the Columbian, the peruvian, the
    Mexican and the Ecuadorian are the hunters.

Plot: Four men are on a major hunt for boars. While swaying in their
      hamocks between trees, they hear a noise in the thicket from which
      emerges a great number of boars. The men begin their kill. As the
      wild pigs continue to gather, the men's ammunition dwindles. The pigs
      begin to slash at the trunks of the trees to which the hammocks are
      attached. The seemingly intelligent assault on hte trees continues
      throught the nught as the men watch in horror. Realising his imminent
      death, the narrator uses his hammock, like a swinging  vine, to gain
      access to trees for safety. Hearing the trees collapsing and the
      dying screams of his companions, the narrator is aware of his narrow
      escape from death and so has a dramatic change of attitude towares
      the hunt.

Conflict: man vs. himself
          man vs. nature

Theme: Whenever man tampers with nature, the consequences of this action
       can be fatal or painful to himself.


Title: "FOrgiveness in Families"

Author: Alice Munro

Setting: Action occuring over a period of time.

Characters: Val; he narrator who is finding it difficult to
    understand her brother's actions.
       Cameron; (Cam), the brother who is irresonsible and aimless.
       Mother; who is accepting of her son Cam's actions.

Plot: Val narrates about her family as an introduction for telling of the
      time her mother became very sick and her brother Cam, a food for
      nothing by the narrator's perspective, visited the hospital with his
      "co-priests" and "worked a miracle" upon his mother. His mother does
      recover.

Conflict: man vs. himself
          man vs. man

Theme: Growth in self-awareness can effect an understanding on an
improvement in family relationships.

Title: "Lamb to the Slaughter"

Author: Roald Dahl

Setting: The Maloney household located in a large city-action
    occuringn within a day.

Characters: Mary Maloney - pregnant wife of patrick
            Patrick Maloney- - husband
            Sgt. Moonan - detective

Plot: Mary Maloney is a content housewife whose whole life centers around
      her husband. He arrives home one evening and tells her the he is
      leaving her. In shock, she begins to prepare a leg of lamb for
      dinner. When her husband tells her not to bother, she hits him over
      the head with the frozen leg of lamb. She proceeds to cook the meat
      and serve it to the detectives who come to investigate her husband's
      death.

Conflict: man vs. man

Theme: Things aren't always what they appear to be.

Title: "Through the Tunnel"

Author: Doris Lessing

Setting: at the shore, covering a week's vacation in southern France.

Characters: Jerry - a determined, proud eleven year old.
            Mother - who is determined to be a good mother,
                because she is a widow.

Plot: A boy, Jerry, goes to the beach with his mother everyday. At the bay,
      after meeting native boys, who swim through an underwater tunnel,
      Jerry practices holding his breath so that he can accomplish his
      goal.

Conflict: Man vs. himself
          Man vs. nature

Theme: Part of growing up is providing one can accomplish
        something which might be daring or reckless.

Title: "Shaving"

Author: Leslie Norris

Setting: Springtime, occuring within a day in the sanford
    household.

Characters: Barry- a seventeen year old who wants to be a goodson.

            Father, who is terminally ill.

Plot: The story is told by Barry's point of view. The dying father feels
      unclean, because he is unshaven. He feels foo physicalls and
      psychologically when Barry shaves him.

Conflict: man vs. himself

Theme: With maturity comes resposibility, especially when a
    traumatic circumstance causes roles to be reversed.

Title: "The Interlopers"

Author: Saki

Setting: In a forest in the Carpethian mountains in Eastern Europe. The
    land is steeply sloped and tangles with underbrush. It is the winter
    night and storm winds are blowing.

Characters: Ulrich von Gradwitz - landowner
            Georg Znaeym - trespasser

Plot: An old feud between the families of Ulrich von Gradwitz and Georg
      Znaeym seems certain to end in death as the two men stalk each other
      within the disputed forest. They come face to face, but before either
      man can attack, a falling tree pins them both to the ground. In their
      mutual pain and helplessness, the consider thier quarrel and decide
      to make peace with each other. They welcome the sounds of an
      approaching group, only to discover that they have attracted a pack
      of wolves.

Conflict: man vs. man
          man vs. himself
          man vs. nature

Theme: Sometimes a step towares friendship comes too late to be of any
    consequence.

                         Poetry Section

Title: "Cooney Potter"

Author: Edgar Lee Masters

Theme: We work ourselves to deat forsaking our family in our pursuit to get
    ahead materially.

MOod: Regret, introspective

Irony of situation: Irony is presented in the overall portrait of Cooney
    Potter striving to better himself and yet failing to enjoy his life for
    he died before the age of 60.

Title: Harlem

Author: Langston Hughes

Theme: You can't repress aspirations without it leading to violence.

Mood: Bitter, angry, frustrated over the plight of the black man.

Paradox: A seemingly self-contradictory statement that is true.

Title: "The man who spilled light"

Author: David Wanoner

Theme: People are fearful of the truth.

Mood: serious

Tone: Ironic

Figurative language: "Scraped up the light"
                     "Clouds folded inside out"
                     "Light tied in knots"

Summary: Light (truth) is brought into the lives of the dark. Instead of
    being happy, they appear to prefer being in the dark.


Title: "The Road not Taken"

Author: Robert Frost

Theme: Life is a series of choices and when we are presented with the
    choices, we select that which we feel is the best for us at that time.

Figurative Language: 
               Symbolism:

                         "The two roads represent two courses
                          in life which the speaker must decide
                          upon."

Summary: Literally, the poet describes making a decision about which of the
    two roads to take. Metaphorically, he describes making a major decision
    about his life.

Title: "Those Winter Sundays"

Author: Robert Hayden

Theme: In retrospect, we appriciate the significance of small acts.

Mood: Thoughtful

Figurative language: Metaphor:
        "I'd wake and hear the coald splintering, breaking"
        "Blue black cold"

Title: Walter Simmons

Author: Edgar Lee Masters

Theme: Sometimes others expect too mcuh of you.

Mood: Introspective

Alliteration: The repetition of similar or identical sounds at
the beginnig of words
               "Watched and Waited"

Title: "The Zoo"

Author: Stevie Smith

Theme: Caging animals doesn't comply with the laws of nature. 

Mood: Sad

Tone: Angry

Figurative Language: Ruby rage, water dusty London town.

Summary: A little boy at the zoo is told that the caged lion doesn't like
         him because he can't eat him. The lion is sad, because he is not
         free.
