        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Theodore      ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Roosevelt               ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:590   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
			 \Theodore Roosdevelt\
	    \26th President of the United States (1901-1909)\

  Theodore Roosevelt was an energetic and dynamic leader who gave the
nation a square deal.  During his presidency to a position of internatio
nal leadership.

  Roosevelt belonged to an aristocratic New York family.  He attended
Harvard Univerity.  Theodore Roosevelt fought in the Spanish-American war
with the Rough Riders at the battle of San Juan Hill.  He had served as
police commissiores of New York, assistant secretary of the navy, governor
of New York, and vice president of the United States.  When president
McKinley was assassinated on September 14, 1901, Theodore Roosevelt became,
at the time, the youngest (43 years) president in hist ory.

  The president saw himself as a man of the middle who would meditate the
struggle between capital and labor.  He said that business must be
protected against itself and he tended to favor regulatory commissions that
provided nonpartisan supervisi on by experts of business practices.  As
president he succeeded in getting additional authority over the railroads
for the interstate commerce commission.  He was also instrumental in the
passage of the meat inspection act and the pure food and drug act.  Ro
attitude toward the poor and towards the labor movement was that of an
enlightened conservative.  He supported many labor demands such as shorter
hours for women and children, employers' liability laws and limitations on
the use of injunctions against workers in labor disputes.

  In reform, Roosevelt wanted gradual change.  He moved in the direction of
the reformers and ended up as the candidate of the progressive party in the
Bull Moose presidential campaingn in 1912.  He had broken with the Repub
lican party.

  In 1907 immigration reached its all-time high 1,285,000 in one year.
Theodore Roosevelt said, "There can be no divided allegiance here.  Any man
who says he is an American, but something else also, isn't an American at
all.  We have ro om but for on language here and that is the English
language, for we intend to see that the crucible turns our people out as
Americans, of American nationality; we have room for but one soul loyalty,
and that is loyalty to the American people."

  Ro l ed the United States into continous armed interventions in the
caribbean.  In 1906 an insurrection in Cuba caused the United States to
intervene in its affairs.  The American government withdrew its power when
ordr was restored.

  In the Philippines c ivil government was put into operation, and a
communications cable was laid across the Pacific.

  Roosevelt intervened in the war betwwen Russia and Japan.  He invited the
Russian and Japanese governments to send peace commissioners to America
where a peace treaty was sighned in 1905.  The following year the president
was awarded the nobel peace prize.

  People had wanted a canal connectiong the Atlantic and Pacific for
hundreds of years.  A French company, which went bankrupt, had started the
pro ject. The company sold the panamanian rights to build the canal to the
United States government.  Colombia, whose territory included Panama,
didn't agree to the terms offered by the Uninted States.  Ro did not think
much of he of Latin Americans to begin with.  He called he colombians
"foolish and homicidal corruptionits." The Roosevelt administration
supported a revolt by the Panamanians against Colombia.  The new country of
Panama signed a canal treaty favorable to the United States in 1903.  The
Pana ma canal was completed August 15, 1914.

  President Theodore Roosevelt died at Sagamore hill, his home at oyster
bay, New York, on January 6, 1919.
