        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Creative Essay about a  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [WereWolf                ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:3622  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                              WereWolf!

     The boy drew haggared breaths while hopelessly stumbling through the
dark and forbidding forest.  With a panic stricken face that spoke of
desperation, the exhausted boy glanced behind him, to check for any sign of
pursuit.  He had been running and fleeing that thing for what seemed like
hours.  Overhead, the moon was bright and full, casting a pale yellowy
light over the forest.  It could have been nice to gaze at, but the boy had
no such time. Heavy crashing footsteps sounded all too near.  Then again
that dreadfull unatural howl.  The piercing cry echoed through the silent
woods chilling the boy to the bones!

     With a frightened yelp, the boy continued his flight for safety.  But
no matter how far he ran, how hard he tried, the thing, the hunter was
always only a few paces behind, pursuing relentlessly.  The boy's clothes
was torn and bloody, hanging in strips from his bruised body.  Shurbs with
thorny stems and low hanging branches slowed his escape, cutting him and
barring his way.  Making him more desperate, adding to his weariness.  His
lungs were burning, he was out of breath, the boy wanted to give up, his
legs however denied him.  They continued moving and running.  His body was
fatigued, his head ached, his muscles throbbed.  Pain, his body cried out
Pain, stop!  He could not stop.

     It was gaining, only a few inches!  Soon blood would be spilled!
Blood will be spilled to appease the appetite of the beast!  With powerfull
hind legs, it lunged at it's prey from behind.  Hands outstreached, claws
grasping!  A scream, his first and last emmanated from his throat before he
fell victim to the predator!

    Tommy awoke disoriented and terrified, he shook his head, to discard
any resudue from his nightmare.  He was bathed in cold sweat.  Gasping for
air, and trembling from the aftershock of his nighmare, he groped his way
to the bathroom.  Splashing cool water on his face, he tried to convince
himself that it was only a dream. That it wasn't real.  But it had all seem
so vivid and real.  If this was the first time it happened, Tommy could
have have handled it.  But this same nightmare had plagued him ever since
the terrible accident!  Night after night, time and time again, the same
terrible dream.  Why does'nt it stop?  Why does it keep happening?  Tommy
inhaled and exhaled deeply, hoping to calm his nerves.
     
     Finally able to steady his shaking form, he went back to his bed.
Just face your fear, he told himself.   It's all in the mind. Control it
and it'll go away.  He did'nt believe any of this however, he was scared,
frightened to death.  Tommy sat down on his bed and stared at the wall.  He
dared not close his eyes again, at least not tonight.  No more sleep.  He
tried to think of happy things, nice things.  Like the time he went over to
his aunt's house for a party, or when his dad bought him a bike for his
birthday.  He tried to forget his nighmare.

     A cool breeze blew in from the open window, helping Tommy to relax.
After a while his eyelids started to droop.  His conciousness faded.
Despite Tommy's fear, his exhaustion weighted more heavily on him.  He had
had a long day at school.  Soon sleep claimed the little boy, though his
mind was anything but at rest. For slowly that same dream, that frightening
nightmare began to unwind itself inside of Tommy's mind.   The beast... The
forest... The moon... The howl...  The boy tossed in his sleep and moaned!

     "No!", a sream sounded upstairs.  Downstairs in the master bed room,
John, sat bolt upright and looked around the darkened room, "What the...",
he exclaimed, still dizzy from sleep.  Lisa, on the other half of the
matress got out of bed and put on her slipper. "John it's Tommy again, I'll
be back soon."  "Don't tell me, he's having those nightmares again.", he
complained, rubbing his eyes to clear away the sleep. "John", his wife
lectured in a sharp tone, "He's just a little boy, little boys have
nightmares.  I have to go and calm him down.  Do you remember what happened
last time?"  "I remember", John replied, chagrined, he knew his wife was
right, it was just that he was grumpy whenever he was awoken suddenly.  "He
was crying and everything", John recalled, "But Lis, this has been
happening every night now for months.  Don't you think we should take Tommy
to a doctor or something?"  "Honey, I don't think that's necessary.  Just
give him some time, it'll pass."  "I'm not satisfied with that", John
replied joining his wife, who was alrealy rushing up the stairs, "If were
not going to a doctor, then we'd better do something about this ourselves!"

     The parents found their child rolled up into a ball.  Tommy was
shaking like a new born kitten.  "Tommy it's all right mommy and daddy are
here.  No one is going to hurt you.  Everything is all right."  Lisa
soothed her terrified son.  She craddled him in her lap and gently brushed
his wet hair away from his eyes.  "Don't worry Tommy, Daddy's here. He'll
take care of that old pesky werewolf.  John motioned to the shotgun slung
across his back and loaded a barrel.  It was of course loaded with blanks.
John thought it would be more convincing to his son if he saw that his
parents are actually taking action and not just saying nothing will happen
as long as their around.  Talk is cheap and Tommy was old enough to
understand that.

     "Mommy it was so horrible, like before.  It was chasing me all night
and then, and then..."  The boy again broke down in sobbing. "John it's
worse than before, this nightmare is really scaring him", Lis looked to her
husband, her face was wrinkled with worry. "This does look worse than
normal", her husband replied, shaking his head, "Maybe it be best if we see
a doctor."  "Your probrably right dear, First thing tommorow."  Lis then
returned her attention to their crying son.  "Tommy, how about if you come
and sleep with us tonight.  Will that make you feel better?", Mom suggested
gently, patting their son on the back.  Tommy nodded through a tear
streaken face.  Lisa carried Tommy down to their room, speaking to him
softly and urging him to relax.  John followed, before going back to bed he
put the shot gun back in the cabinet and locked the doors.

     "Dear, are you awake?", John shook his wife gently.  "MMmm, John, what
is it?", Lis mumbled awakening from her slumber.  "I'm sorry to wake you
Lis", John sighted.  "It's okay, what is it honey?  Whats wrong?"  "Uh...
It's nothing I guess.  How's Tommy doing?", he asked.  Lis felt the small
bundle clung tightly in her arms.  Tommy was fast aslep and snoring
lightly.  "He's doing fine", his wife replied, "John is something on your
mind?"   "Lis, that day we went to that Safari zoo a couple of months
ago..."  His wife nodded, but did'nt answer.  She knew all too well what
her husband was refering to.  "I just can't get over it.  It was such a
perfect day.  The kids were laughing and enjoying themselves.

     And then it happened.", John shook his head bitterly. " I should'nt
have told Jodi that she could go feed the fishes.  But she pestered me so
much.  I could'nt stand to see her pretty little face ruined by that...
sad, disappointed look.  I..."  John choked, tears welled out of his eyes.
"It's all my fault.  I'll never forgive myself!"  "Honey, stop it.  It
was'nt your fault.  That wolf was old and diseased, it had wandered into
the fish pond trail.  You could'nt have know that the wolf was going to be
there."  Lis tried to comfort her husband, but her eyes were moistening and
her voice broke.  "Those damned doctors could'nt even save her", He hissed.
"John, this is hard on me too.  Jodi was our daughter but you've got to let
go!  We have to think of Tommy now.  Please, lets go back to sleep or we'll
wake Tommy", Lis pleaded.  John immediately fell silent, his wife was
right.  I can never get her back, John thought.  But I swear that I won't
make the same mistake with Tommy.  I'm going to cure my son's recuring
nightmares if it's the last thing I do.

     Immediately the next day, the parents wasted no time to take their to
see a child phsycologist.  But after the etire two hour session, Tommy
did'nt seem much better than when they first came. He was still disturbed,
numb and terrified.  He did'nt open up much and was silent the whole time.
John was crushed, he desperately wanted to blame Doctor Lee.  But he knew
that it was'nt the doctor's fault.  There was nothing lacking in her skill.
It was because she has not, as yet earned Tommy's trust.  To him, she was a
stranger, an intruder.  Dr. Lee explained that it would take weeks or even
months before Tommy would sufficiently trust her and open up to her.  For
now, there was nothing she could do.  But unkown to the parents or the
doctor, Tommy had picked up something. It was something important that the
doctor hand repeated to him over and over again.  "Face your fear.  A
nightmare is just a dream.  Dreams can be controlled!"
     
     The sky was darkening.  He was in the middle of a desert.  The wind
was whipping and tearing through him.  Suddenly the moon rose up into the
sky.  It was bright, it glowed a gory blood red.  It was the only source of
illumination.  There were no stars.  The night sky was a thick curtain of
black.  Fog swirled up from the ground abscuring the boy's vision.  Trees
started to sprout up form the desert sands.  Tall gigantic trees.  Weeds
started to spring, after the trees were in place.  It curled around the
boys angle, tangling and trapping him.
     
     Then again it started.  The unmistakable spine chilling howl that
marked the begining of the the terror.  The vicious echo in his head that
would not go away.  He started to run, run for his life.  The beast
followed and pursued.   Hours of running, hours of futile running.  There
is no escape, there was never any escape. Everytime he was victim to the
beast.  He was cut, and bloody.  His clothes were torn and shreded to a
hundred pieces.  Blood ebbed from numerous deep gashes.  Closer and closer
it came.  The hunter smelled the blood and it's hunger is aroused.  He
could almost feel it's hot breath on him, the rumbling of it's ravenous
hunger.  Why does bother to he run?  This is the end!  Why not just give
up?

     Suddenly somewher from the mist a voice called to him. "Tommy, face
it, face him."  The boy spun all around and tried to look through the mist.
"Who's there?", he mangaed a weak squeak in between breaths.  "Tommy, a
nightmare is also a dream.  Dreams can be controlled."  "What?", the boy
shouted, "what are you talking about?"  Time seemed suspended at this
moment.  The monster was gone, the forest, the bruises.  It was only him
and the voice. "Face Him", the voice urged.  The boy tried to comprehend
what was going on.  Slowly the boy understood.

     In a flash the nightmare was back.  The werewolf was just behind him,
ready for the killing pounce.  The boy no longer ran. He turned around and
faced the beast.  From somewhere a shotgun appeared in his hand.  The
monster leaped, it's claws grasping for flesh.  A loud bang was heard.  The
werewolf fell short of the boy by mere inches.  The boy looked down upon
his kill in triumph.  But the downed creature stared to stir.  It lifted
it's head to glare at the insolent boy who dares defy him.  Snarling, it
fixed the boy with a stare from it's pupils which are nothing more than
narrow slits.  Mirroring hellish terror and imeasurable hate.  It lashed
out it's talons and sliced a deep and jagged cut on the boys abdomen.  He
screamed...

     "Ahh!", Tommy wailed.  He jumped out of bed hysterical and crawled
under the bed.  "It did'nt work", he sobbed, "the doctor lied.  It's not a
dream, the werewolf is real!"  Tommy trembled, even after seeing the
phsycologist his nightmares still did not go away.  This was the fourth
time already he had tried to face his fear and banish it.  But every time,
no matter how hard he tried the outcome was always the same.  The werewolf
always got him. When the boy's parents reached him they found him murmuring
again and agian, "He's gonna get me... he's gonna get me..."  Tommy's face
was pale, his eyes was glazed.  It seemed he was in a trance, triggered by
panic and confusion.  He could almost hear his sister whispering in his
ear, "He came for me, soon it will come for you. Halloween...  Halloween,
It will come at Halloween."

     "I don't know what else to do", an exhausted and hopeless mother
admitted, "No matter how much we try he still gets those, those, dreams of
his!"  Liz buried her head in her hands and started weeping.  John and his
wife were in the kitchen.  Puffy eyed and lines drawn all over their faces
was proof of several sleepless and troubled nights.  John came over and
hugged her. "There must be a way.  If there's a problem there's a solution.
We'll find it soon, don't worry.  Remember the other night you reminded me
that desparing won't do any good, you were right.  I think it's time for
you to take your own advice."  Liz welcomed her husband's strong arms.  She
nestled close to him, and took comfort in his warmth and determination.

     Though she was the clear thinker and the logical one, she lacked the
emotional gas and determination that her husband has. Her husband though
blinded at times by problems was very strong and stable.  Liz thought that
they complemented each other quite well and that getting married to him was
the best thing that she ever did.  Together, they could just mabybe get
over this.  Liz did not know, however, how much more their son could take,
before going mad.  Just tonight, they found him under the bed, off in
another world, out of touch with reality.  It had taken a great deal of
comforting to get Tommy out of his shock.  "I love you", she said. "I love
you too", he replied.  Both statements were sincere, from the heart.

     "I got it!", John yelled leaping out of bed.  Liz opened her eyes
groggily and tried to clear the clouds of sleep from her thoughts.  Why did
her husband awaken her from their much needed sleep.  "Honey, what is it?"
"Liz I'm sorry I woke you, after all that's happened tonight but I got an
idea on how to cure Tommy's nightmares."  John was was shaking with
excitement.  Liz had to make up her mind whether her husband was rational
or not.  Did he have a dream, or was he suffering under stress.  Liz
decided to hear what her husband had to say, instead of saying what was on
the tip of her tongue, which was: "Get back into bed honey, we all had a
hard night. I'm sure what you have to say can wait until morning."  She
looked to him and patiently listened.

     "Liz, Halloween is two days away.  Tommy said that the werewolf would
come after him at Holloween right?"  John was talking so fast that his
words came out as a mumble.  His wife had difficulty deciphering what he
was saying but she nodded.  "What we can do is make Tommy actually meet and
kill the werewolf.  That way he won't be afraid anymore."  Liz frowned, she
was'nt sure if John was actually making any sense or if she was hearing him
correctly. "How are we going to do that, John?", she asked.  "This
Halloween, I'll dress up in a Werewolf suit.  We'll give Tommy the shotgun.
Since he's so determined that The Werewolf is gonna come for him. He'll
take it gladly.  Of course we hide the real bullets and replace them with
blacks.  We'll send him off in the back yard that leads to that park and
I'll come after him.  He'll shoot me I'll pretend to die and he'll think he
killed the werewolf.  I then sneak away and come back to take him home.
What do you think?"

     "John, don't you think it's a little dangerous, I mean we're going to
let him have a shotgun?", Liz was hesitant, and arming a boy with a
dangerous weapon was unthinkable.  "Don't worry, I told you we'll make sure
it's loaded with blanks.", John said with overflowing confidence.
"Could'nt we give him a fake gun instead?", his wife reasoned.  "Liz, our
son is a smart kid he knows a real gun from a fake one.  It'll give him so
much more confidence knowing that he has my shotgun.  And that he's finally
going to kill the werewolf!"  "John, I don't know about this",  Lis wanted
to cure her son's nightmare as much as her husband, but this was going a
little too far.  "Liz what else can we do?  Nothing so far has worked,
we've got to try something else and this is a good idea!"  "Are you sure
that he'll think your a real werewolf and what if he decides to take a look
a what he killed?  Would'nt he find out that it was all fake?", his wife
persisted.  "Do'nt worry, I'll take care of it, everything will turn out
just fine.", her husband insisted.  John urged his wife to go along with
his idea so fircely that Liz finally submitted, though reluctantly.
          
     Tommy peered through the trees.  It was dark, he could not make out
anything, except shadows.  Gray shadows that seem to dance in the night,
spying on him.  The only sounds he could hear was his own heavy breathing,
and the occasional snap of a twig made by his uncertain steps.  Clutched
tightly in his trembling sweaty hands was his father's shotgun.  The weapon
must have been heavy for a young boy at Tommy's age, but he did'nt notice.
Other concerns were preyig on his mind.  The werewolf did not die in his
dream, his nightmare.  After he had shot it, it still came after him!  It
had taken his father hours to convince his son that this shot gun was
actually going to get rid of the wolf.  That his father's gun was special
and more powerfull.

     Suddenly, a faint rustle sounded behind him.  Tommy gulped, he swerved
right and left willing his eyes to pierce the darkness.  It could have only
been a nightime breeze, but not to Tommy.  He knew it was him, the
werewolf.  His first instict was to bolt and be as far away from it as
possible.  But Tommy suppressed his urge to run.  He knew he could not run
forever, he knew he had to face it sometime.  The shadow loomed closer,
slavering and growling, intent on it's victim.  It seemed to Tommy that
this shadow was blacker than night, more terrifying than any fear he had
ever known in his life.  It was either the wolf or him.  The decision would
be made now!  Slowly, and with trembling hands, Tommy raised the barrel of
the shotgun and pointed it at the dark shadow.

     Liz shifted uncomfortably in the kitchen chair and kept glancing
nervously out the window.  She did'nt like this idea.  A sense of
restlessless anxiety plauged her.  She did'nt know why she felt so afraid.
Calm down, she chided herself, there's nothing to worry about.  Soon your
son will be cured of his terrible nightmare and everything will be all
right.  You, you husband and your son will live happily ever after.  She
did'nt believe a word of it. Liz could'nt stand sitting around anymore.
She stood and began pacing the lenght of the kitchen.  Maybe if I just take
a look at the bullets that I hid in the master bedroom cabinet I would feel
better, Liz told herself.  Feeling the bullets in my hands would be proof
that the blanks my husband bought was in the shotgun that Tommy has.  It
would be proof that everything was going well.

     Liz hurriedly made her to the bedroom and went straight to the locked
cabinet.  She slipped in the key and opened the top drawer. The box of
ammunition was hidden beneath a neat stack of clothes. The pile of shirts
did'nt seem disturbed.  Liz heaved a sight of relief.  She reached under
and flet the reassurance of the wooden box of bullets.  Quickly she
inserted another key and opened the box.  It was emptly!  Liz's face became
deathly pale.  "No", she choked.

     Bang!  The shot echoed loudly.  Yet another shot was fired, bang!  A
gurgled gasp escaped the lips of the werewolf, before it slumped heavily to
the ground.  This time it did not get back up. This time it was dead!
Tommy stared at scene before him, stared at what he had just done.  He was
relieved that he had taken the time to look for the other bullets.  He knew
that the ones his dad gave him would'nt work.  It seemed finally he had
conquered and won. But for some strange reason, he flet that something was
missing, that something was'nt quite right.  As Tommy headed home, the
forest was still silent.  Still filled with gray, dark shadows.
