*-------------------------------------*
*         U R B A N                   *
*                                     *
*          Magazine #1                *
*-------------------------------------*
*        August 26, 1994              *
*-------------------------------------*

 This magazine URBAN (Undaground Rap Blastin Asiatic Newsletter) was 
created for the purpose of being informative and just thought 
provoking as well as being fun than a motherfucka. The opinions 
expressed by the authors are their own and in no one way represent
anyone by the members of COMMODORE OWNING MOTHERFUCKAS (our wonderful
clique). The information in this publication although intact are for
entertainment purposes only and the writers are not responsible for
actions taken by the reader.


------------------
Table of Contents:
------------------
  1. MUSIC        - Gravediggaz and other stuff.
  2. TV & MOVIES  - Bangin in Little Rock , Def Comedy Jam & more.
  3. DA GOOD SHIT - Napalm, Peanut Butter Bomb, & Thermite
  4. TALKIN SHIT  - ......


                       *-----*
                       :MUSIC:
                       *-----*

        What up! This is the Lo-Life and I'm here to talk about
music and shit like that with ya. 

        GRAVEDIGGAZ "Six Feet Deep" This motherfucking album is on some old
crazy psycho type shit but it is very nice. The Gravediggaz are the
RZA from WuTang Clan, Fruit Kwan from Stetasonic, Too Poetic, and Prince
Paul. The tracks on the album are straight butter except for Bang Your
Head which some old Heavy Metal shit. The lyrics on all the cuts on the
album are dope which knowledge being dropped from time to time but you got
to read between the lines to see it. The shit is just lovely even though
the whole Gravediggaz personna is like a gimmick to me but it works so
what am I to do. Rating: * * * * 1/2 (4 1/2 stars)

        On the singles tip, these kids Ground Floor got some shit for
dat ass with the B-side of their single which includes the funky man
himself Lord Finesse. Dig On That has a FAT ass track and its bass
loaded for all you 808 lovers and the lyric are definetely on point...
I don't like that burnt up face having MF Craig Mack and Flavor in Ya
Ear. That shit sounds like he's fucking constipated....When will Black
Sheep new album come out is what I really want to know!!!

                       *-----------*
                       :TV & MOVIES:
                       *-----------*
                   
                   with your host: WISDOM
        
        OK if you really want to get your laugh on. Watch Bangin in
Little Rock on HBO. That shit while your high is so fucking funny it's       
ridiculous. First they talk about the Folk Nation (Gangster Disciples
for you non-Midwesterners who don't reaaly know the 411) in Arkansas
and they talk to members. All of them are just about white which is 
funny right there cuz I ain't never seen white Folks (slang for Gangsters
Disciples) in my life and I couldn't stop laughin. Then they showed this
white girl gettin initiated into the gang. She got her fucking ass 
whupped and I fell off the couch cuz at the end of all that, she wanted
a fuckin hug!! Bitch, get a fuckin life. The rest is OK, showed some
Crips & Bloods and usual gang shit and they had a televised drive-by but
the first parts are definetely the funniest. Watch it!

        I ain't seen no movies lately except the Mask with Jim Carrey
which is the motherfuckin bomb. I ain't laughed like that in a long        
fuckin time. He is a seriously funny MF on film and TV, but on that stand-
up shit he kinda sorry. I some shit he did on Showtime and it was not
good. 
        I'm waiting on the new season to start with the new Married With
Children (Al is the bomb), Martin, and Simpsons episodes cuz this rerun        
shit is tired on the real. 

                       *------------*
                       :DA GOOD SHIT:
                       *------------*

The info contained here has been taken from various sources and I could give
two fucks about trying to remember all the places I got em from so don't 
take it personal!

Homemade Napalm:
----------------
STYROFOAM
GASOLINE or ACETONE

        What you do is take a coffee can and fill it halfway with gasoline
or acetone and then dunk the styrofoam in it. The styrofoam will sizzle 
into this white (or whatever color the styrofoam is) goop. You make as 
much goop as you need the pour off the gasoline. Take the white goop and 
either light it or pour it a mold and let it dry. When this stuff is lit,
it will burn for a long while and if you try to stomp it out it will stick
to your shoe. The goop itself when dried, can stick to almost anything and
make a good incendiary.

Peanut Butter Bomb:
-------------------
A GLASS PEANUT BUTTER JAR
GASOLINE
GUNPOWDER
MODEL AIRPLANE GLUE
SUGAR
A FUSE

        Mix 10 parts of gunpowder to 1 part sugar. Then add enough gun-
powder to coat the entire mixture and mix til the mixture becomes very        
sticky. Half fill the peanut butter jar with this. Fill the rest of the
jar up with gasoline and close the jar. Shake the jar very well. Drill a
hole in the lid and put the fuse in the hole.
        Now when you do light the fuse, get a very good distance away or 
you may be quite dead now, so BE CAREFUL!

Thermite:
---------
POWDERED RUST 
POWDERED ALUMINUM

        The rust can be obtained by running a DC current thru a iron 
object and place the object in the water. Place one contact on the object        
and the other in the water. The aluminum can be bought from a hardware or
paint store. Or you can shave something aluminum with a metal file.
        Themite is a substance that, when ignited, can reach a 
temperature nearing 6000+ degrees Celsius and can vaporize carbon steel.        
        The igniting temperature of the Thermite depends on the grade of
aluminum used. So if you used a good grade of aluminum, you might be able        
to light the mixture with a common match. This would allow the Thermite to
be lit by a fuse.

BIC BOMB:
---------
A LIGHTER (with lots of fluid)
BBs (optional)

        Take the lighter and take off the metal part and the wheel. Now 
light the plastic parts that held the wheel until they are lit then         
throw it and it should make a nice fireball. You can get some glue and
roll the lighter in the BBs and when the lighter blows, the BBs will spray
like a shotgun blast.

QUICK FUSE:
-----------
STRING OR YARN
GUNPOWDER
ACETONE (or strong nail polish remover)

        Take the acetone and gunpowder and mix together. Dip the string in
the mixture and let soak for a while. Let it dry. Repeat this about 10
more times. Not the greatest but will do.

OK I threw a couple extras in there just for the fuck of it.....

                       *-----------* 
                       :TALKIN SHIT:
                       *-----------*

        First of all, thanks for reading this first issue of URBAN magazine
and I'd like to ask if someone out there knows where I can find info on        
FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) thru the Internet. If so, next 
issue I will have an EMail address to mail that and any comments to. 

        To get this and future issues of this magazine, FTP 
rs6000.cmp.ilstu.edu to get the freshest new magazine out there.         

        The entire issue was written while me, the Lo-Life and Wisdom 
VERY HIGH! I am having to retype every couple of lines. Garcia Vegas are        
the bomb to roll blunts with for those that don't know. Niggas is sittin
in here with some new Polo shit we boosted from the mall. Ralph Lauren
is the flavor for the 90s cuz he gots some fat ass rugby shirts, 
especially the long sleeved ones but anywayz....Post this damn magazine
everywhere cuz I want this shit to blow up and just get some feedback
from MFs out there in cyberspace....Super Metroid is the fuckin shit!
I almost finished until one of my fucking high ass friends erased my 
record some I gotta go flex his some PEACE. 5 Gs

*-----------------------------------*
:A COM Publication 1994 til Infinity:
*-----------------------------------*
