
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

					      ÜÛÛÛÜ
					       ßßß
	 ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÜ	 ÜÛÛÛÜ	ÛÛÛ ŞİÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜ	[Pred 94]
	 ÛÛÛ   ÜÜÜ  ŞÛÛ ÛÛß ßÛÛ ÛÛÛŞ  ÛÛÛ ÛÛÛ ÜÜÜ ŞÛÛ  ÜÛÛ  ŞÛÛ
	 ÛÛ²   ÛÛ²   Û²ŞÛ²   ÛÛ²ŞÛ²Şİ ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ²  ÛÛ²   Û²
	 ÛÛ²   ÛÛ²  ÜÛ²ŞÛ²   ÛÛ²ŞÛ² Û ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ²  ÛÛ²  ÜÛ²
	 ÛÛ± ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛß ÛÛ±   ÛÛ±ŞÛ± ŞİÛÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛÛÛ±ŞÛÛÛÛÛß
	 ÛÛ±   ŞÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ±   ÛÛ±ŞÛ±  ÛŞÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ±  ÛÛ± ÛÛ±
	 ÛÛ°   ÛÛ°  ÛÛ° ÛÛÜ ÜÛ± ÛÛ°  ŞŞÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛ°  ßÛ°  ÛÛ°
	 ÛÛ°   ÛÛ°   ÛÛ° ßÛÛÛß	ÛÛ°   ÛÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛÛÛÛ°Ş°   ÛÛ°

		    C O N S O L E    M A G A Z i N E
		FRoNTiER magazine is (c) copyright 1994

                                May 1994
			 EDiTOR: Gordon Craick

3Do  ş	Jaguar	ş  Genesis  ş  CD-i  ş	CD32  ş  GenesisCD  ş  Super Nintendo
			 and all other consoles
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

                           iNDeX TO iSSuE 3
			   *******/\*******
Welcome
Updates
Changes
Feedback

News:
* Wolfenstein for Jaguar release
* Midway signs licensing deal with Nintendo
* Acclaim severed from Midway

Features:
* The inside specs on Panasonic's 3DO
* The Asian Connection - Part 2
* Jaguar developers list

Editorial/Opinion:
* Saturn in perspective

Reviews:
* Jurassic Park (SNES)
* Super Metroid (SNES)
* Lawnmower Man (SNES)

The Cheater's Den
Trading

Support sites/distribution
How *YOU* too can help out Frontier
How to contact Frontier
Credits/Thanx

	-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

	 úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
              ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
              ÛÛ Û ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛ   ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛŞÛİÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ
              ÛÛ Û ÛÛŞÛÛßßßŞÛÛ   ßÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛßßß
           °±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİ
         úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
     THiRD issue of Frontier, and we're already starting to drop behind
     the monthly deadline. While it is disappointing to me, and readers
     no doubt, there isn't much I can do to prevent it - often I am busy
     with other things (such as studying) and the end of last month just
     happened to be one of these times. Next month is exam month for me,
     so this may cause other delays - though I'll try as hard as I can
     to get an issue 4 out next month. Just bear with us, Frontier will
     eventually become closer to a set deadline as more people make some
     contributions in the coming issues. I'd much rather spend the extra
     time, rather than rushing an issue just to meet a deadline.

     While feedback to the magazine so far has been _excellent_ to
     say the least, Frontier is desperately looking for those who can in
     some way help with the magazine. If this just involves one article,
     one review or one cheat or so each month that is all we are after.
     Half an hour out of your time surely won't be a problem and it
     allows _your_ views to be expressed to hundreds around the world.
     Please contact me if you can provide this! we need much more
     coverage for systems such as the CD32, Genesis, and others
     presently not covered in the capacity I'd like them to be. This
     goes also to those who contacted me before issue one promising
     material, and who I have never heard back from - were you not
     interested, not have enough time, mail was lost or....?

     April brought quite a few developments in the console scene, with
     Jaguar, 3DO, Sega and Nintendo becoming a little more public in
     their plans and projections for the next couple of years. Saturn
     looks as though it is going to be _very_ hot, so check out my
     comments on the matter in this month's opinion section. Frontier
     would also like your opinion to be published on the Saturn or
     Project Reality also, so send them in people! A little of the
     information in this issue may have become a little dated by the
     time you read this (due to the fact that most of the news was
     completed two weeks ago), though most of it still should be
     accurate, unless things have changed drastically in the last while.
     Everything looks hotting up for a _big_ showdown never before seen
     in the entertainment industry occurring before Christmas, and it
     should be an exciting one too. Saturn, Jaguar, 3DO, CD32 should be
     in full production with many games to sell the machines - it will
     be a matter of who can offer the goods at the cheapest and most
     attractive prices at this time to be successful. There is also some
     more news on other developments on many different consoles which
     I've had to hold over to next issue, so look out for a big news
     list in issue 4....

     I suppose this is not *really* the place the mention this, though
     of course that doesn't mean I can't :) The last month has been a
     bad one for the many thousands of fans of two people. First of all,
     the not so unexpected, but senseless death of Kurt Cobain, grunge
     rock legend from Nirvana. The next was the tragic death of champion
     driver Ayrton Senner, who died in the recent San Marino Formula One
     race. Both of these icons will be missed by many thousands around
     the world...which includes me. Rest in Peace guys.

	      Gordon Craick (Editor -> FRONTiER magazine)
                           < May 10th, 1994 >

	-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

     UPDATES
     ***/\**
     ALTHOUGH Frontier aims to make fewer mistakes than some other
     magazines, it would be naive to think there wouldn't be any. In
     issue one several people have pointed out some inaccuracies or
     clear mistakes. Thanks to those people who did so, if I don't know
     about it - I can't correct it :)

     - In issue 2 it was stated that CD-i was a 32 bit machine. Thanks
     to the reader that pointed out that Philip's CD-i is in fact two
     16 bit processors in parallel, which does _not_ constitute 32 bit
     machine.

     - Super Turrican is in fact a 4 meg game, not 12 as stated.
     Apparently the game uses a high degree of compression to squash
     such a good game into such a small cartridge

     CHANGES
     ***/\**
     Frontier aims to provide what readers want, and as a result of
     feedback after the last two issues, a few changes have been made as
     requested.

     - Frontier will now implement the _word_ use to highlight a word or
     stress a point. Consider this as a form of underline to overcome
     some of the problems expressing other printed characters normally
     associated with a paper text.


       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
       °±²ÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ ÛÛ
	  ÛÛ   ŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛ	ÛÛİÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛ    ÛÛÛ Ûß
	  ÛÛÛÛ ŞÛÛßßßŞÛÛßßßŞÛÛ	ÛÛİÛÛßßÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛÜ
	  ÛÛ   ŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛßŞÛÛÜÜÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ ßÛ²±°
       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
FRONTIER has been very grateful to the readers who have taken their time
to write to the magazine and express some ideas and opinions. I'm
_always_ after any sort of feedback, so whether you like everything, or
something really annoys you let me know. If you're willing to express
and opinion that you wouldn't mind publishing (maybe you've been
expressing an opinion in some of the console newsgroups) here's your
chance to let everybody else know what _you_ think.
   If you feel like a conversation on the console industry (or in fact
anything!) send my some email, the best ones will be published in
Frontier for others to join in on.
   Some of these have been repeated from previous issues that are of
importance, so bear with them if you've been keeping up with previous
issues of Frontier.

     Q: Can I be added to the Frontier mailing list? Can you send me
     Frontier via email? I don't have FTP access, can you please send me
     issue one?

     A: The answer to that is unfortunately no. At present there is *no*
     Frontier mailing list, though I have been posting for people
     prepared to set one up adamantly. My site does not have the
     facilities to set up such a mail-server to send issues via email,
     so that support must come from an external source.
        I have however been recording all email addresses sent to me so
     that when somebody can offer to set one up they will be sent each
     issue. True other electronic magazines have this feature, but then
     again they have been going for a while longer than Frontier

     C: Part 2 of the article on shopping in the Asian markets was never
     included in issue 2 although promised and in the index! Where did
     it disappear to?

     R: This has been quite a big embarrassment to Frontier I can
     certainly say! The reason for this most likely came about after
     compiling all of the separate articles into the final magazine
     format. That article must have skipped over my cutting and pasting
     tools (ie: text editor). There's not much more I can say other than
     to apologise to all of those who were looking out for it. This
     issue _definitely_ includes the afore-mentioned article for those
     interested (I double checked this time! :) ). Thanks to those who
     _didn't_ bother pointing it out until several weeks after release
     :)


                   úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
                      ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ   ÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
                      ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ   ÛÛİÛÛÜÜÜÜ
                      ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛßßß ÛÛ Û ÛÛİßßßßÛÛ
                   °±²ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                   úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú

     WOLFENSTEIN FOR JAGUAR RELEASE
     *************/\***************
     Probably in a surprise move to many, ID software has decided to
     release a Jaguar enhanced version of the PC hit that appeared back
     a few years ago. While the SNES version was a _decent_ version,
     many of the graphics and features has been taken out to please
     Nintendo - really making it a fair way behind the original. The
     Jaguar provides ID with a format that provides no censorship or
     big-brother attitude that the SNES does, basically letting them
     convert them Wolfenstein as it first appeared, with Nazi
     references, Hitler and plenty of gore and blood.
        Rather than a straight port, Jaguar Wolfenstein should include
     many new features such as automapping, greater and smoother texture
     mapping, a faster frame rate plus lighting, etc. While retaining
     much of the same features of the original, it will be much more
     familiar to players of Doom than anything else. The possibly of
     also turning the game into a multi-player link-up game has also be
     considered by Id software - we can only hope!
        According to reports, it only took a few days to port Wolf from
     development stations to the Jaguar due to the machines RISC
     architecture - which can only be good reports for other interested
     Jaguar developers (and owners).
        While Doom is still well on the way to be released sometime next
     month, Wolfenstein will be released soon afterwards. This gives the
     Jaguar two more brilliant first-person titles in the next few
     months to help boost Jaguar sales. Next in ID's lineup for PC
     release is the sequel to Doom, Evil Unleashed which will appear
     later on this year. Given Doom's quick port, a Jaguar version
     shouldn't be far behind!

     MiDWAY SiGNS LICENSiNG DEAL WITH NiNTENDO
     ******************/\*********************
     MIDWAY, designer of the popular arcade games such as Mortal Kombat,
     NBA Jam, and others has formally signed a large deal with Nintendo
     to market and distribute its products. The deal, expected to be in
     the region of several million dollars looks likely to boost both
     Midway's and Nintendo's profits with the new mutual agreement
     between the two video game forces. Like any agreement, the exact
     details are for them to know and us to try and find out :)

     Some of the effects and results of this union include:

     * Nintendo will market and sell Midway products using its Project
       Reality machine (a co-product between Nintendo and Silicon
       Graphics) which will go into operating in mid to late 1995 in the
       arcades. All future Midway arcade games will use Project Reality
       technology/consoles.

     * Nintendo jointly owns the rights to any games released by
       Midway/Nintendo and hence has a sole license to sell and
       distribute Midway games on its own machine(s). This will mean
       that we will be seeing almost direct ports from the PR arcade
       machines to home formats in 1996, when PR comes onto the home
       market.

     * Midway has left their marketing options open by allowing a
       off-shoot of the company, Midway WMS to produce titles for other
       platforms independently of the Nintendo deal. This means that
       Midway titles will still likely appear on other machines, more
       specifically the Jaguar (which they are a listed developer) and
       Saturn.

     * Mortal Kombat 3 will most likely appear as the first product of
       this new union between Nintendo/Midway in mid 1995.

     ACCLAiM SEVERED FROM MIDWAY
     ************/\*************
     Due to the new deal between Nintendo and Midway, Acclaim has
     largely been left out on its own. Rights to market and distribute
     Midway games in the arcades expires close to the end of the year.
     While it is likely that Acclaim will continue to market its own or
     other companies software in the arcade market, future marketing of
     games such as Mortal Kombat, and NBA Jam (two of the most popular
     arcade games on the market today incidentally) under the
     Acclaim/Midway agreement will cease.
        This also means that promised ports of Mortal Kombat (1 or 2)
     and NBA Jam have been withdrawn from Jaguar/3DO release - which
     will be a disappointment to many fans. Although this news may seem
     bad to many observers, it should be pointed out that the only
     reason that Acclaim was associated with Midway was to
     market/distribute Midway's games in the arcade market. Acclaim had
     very little (if any) say in the production in Midway's games.
     Mortal Kombat and NBA Jam were the property of Midway, and will
     continue to be so.

     OTHER NEWS
     ****/\****
     Crystal Dynamics is now distributing fixed versions of its Horde
     software. This correction will fix the problems with save games
     overwriting others, by imposing a three save game limit. Owners of
     the Horde can take their disc of the Horde and obtain the new
     version from their local distributor.

     The 3DO has been taken favourably in Japan, and probably better
     than the US release from initial indications. Toshiba, an even
     larger firm in Japan that elsewhere overseas has also signed up to
     become a 3DO hardware producer. This will mean that will see a
     Toshiba 3DO player, along with the Sanyo and AT&T machines by the
     end of the year.

     The future of Commodore (makers of Amiga computers and CD32
     machines) does not look too promising to many observers. After
     posting a net loss last year of several million dollars, Commodore
     may be forced to downscale operations in a bid to keep afloat.
     While Commodore sales in Europe/UK are still exceptional, sales
     elsewhere have been steadily declining. Commodore may recover with
     the release of the CD32, so we'll just have to wait and see what
     happens.

     The list of formal Jaguar developers has passed the hundred mark.
     Atari has gone on the record saying that around 50 Jaguar titles
     will be released before the end of 1994 (only another 45 to go :)
     ). Jaguar units are still hard to obtain, many stores taking orders
     several weeks in advance - though they are available for those keen
     enough. The problem lies in manufacturing, there simply aren't yet
     enough Jaguar machines for the people who are after them. When this
     problem is sorted out, Jaguar software should really take off, and
     also pave the way for full release in places such as Europe/UK and
     Australia.

     The latest development that has come out in Asia for the illegal
     copying of console software is a new CD-ROM interface. Plugging
     into the SNES, it gives the user access to virtually the entire
     SNES library on one CD disc. The player is too expensive for most
     though, coming in at a whopping $2000! That's a mighty big number of
     purchased (25!) software for that price.

     While it looks as though it is definite that Mortal Kombat will be
     now _not_ be converted to the Jaguar, Kasumi Ninja looks like being
     its equal. Similar in style (a two player beat em up), Kasumi Ninja
     looks like being just as violent as MK, and from some indications
     even more so. Definitely not for the squeamish if decapitation and
     disembowelment offend you. Up to 9 different characters will be
     available in the game, plus the addition of several secret ones.

     From recent indications, it appears as if most Jaguar titles will
     use a resolution of 384x240 (or 384x280 for PAL) for games. Both
     Tempest 2000, Doom and Wolfenstein use this mode so it appears as
     though this is going to become the standard in future.

     Horrorscope, a "unique" new beat 'em up will appear on the Jaguar
     late this year. Based around the characters of the zodiac, it
     involves much the same two player action as SF2 or MK.

     For internet users, the CD32 newsgroup that was stated as being in
     production is now operating. Simply choose rec.games.video.cd32
     from your favourite Usenet reader to access the area and start
     writing!

     RUMOURS
     ***/\**
     Again, remember that this section is nothing more than it
     indicates, and simply rumours from other magazines, talk, media
     sources and the internet newsgroups. It is up to you how seriously
     you take these rumours.

     - There is still a lot of controversy surrounding the new addon
     module for the Genesis - some saying one things, others disagreeing
     with equally credible opinions. Many have been saying that it is a
     addon to the Genesis that will be a new console format for Sega
     (not being compatible with anything else) which will give increased
     specifications and putting it in front of the SNES technically. The
     other view(s) expressed is that this new addon is actually the
     Saturn adaptor which will allow users to play Saturn software
     through their Genesis adaptor. Frontier is unable to decide either
     way, so if you have anything to prove or disprove any of these
     theories send them in.


       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
       °±²ÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
          ÛÛ   ŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛİ ÜÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛÜÜÜÜ
          ÛÛÛÛ ŞÛÛßßßŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛİ ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜßŞÛÛßßß ßßßßÛÛ
          ÛÛ   ŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ
       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú

     The INSiDE SPECS ON THE PANASONIC 3DO
     *****************/\******************
     YOU'VE heard all of the hype given to the machine, and you've
     probably seen and played the machine by now. Now you can learn all 
     about how well it actually shapes up the other consoles.
        This article is covering the Panasonic R.E.A.L player (to give 
     its full title) as it is the current 3DO player on the market, 
     though with 3DO being a standard, the majority of this information 
     will be equally as accurate for other manufacturer's player. You 
     might encounter some visual differences, however all other players 
     should feel and play much the same as Panasonic's 

     MANUFACTURER/APPEARANCE:

     In 1992/early 1993 the 3DO company was formed in the United States.
     Headed by Rick Tompane and Trip Hawkins, the company aimed to
     provide a high tech and at the same time adaptable console for the
     home markets that they hoped (well, still hope) would become _the_
     standard for home video game machines.
        After approaching several major companies on the idea (Frontier
     wouldn't be surprised if these weren't Sega and Nintendo
     initially), the 3DO standard gained widespread support. Matsushita
     (a large Japanese Electronic firm), Panasonic, AT&T (a large US
     telephone and communications carrier), Sanyo and most recently
     Toshiba and Samsung all have committed themselves to developing a
     3DO compatible machine of their own. Creative Technologies (makers
     of the popular Soundblaster sound cards) has also obtained a
     license to release an add-on card for PC's and compatibles. A large
     commitment to developing software for the machine has also been
     made by large companies such as Electronic Arts, Crystal Dynamics
     and hundreds of other well known developers.
        Unlike other consoles, 3DO is a standard rather than the actual
     console itself. 3DO itself is really just a series of
     specifications written down on paper. To meet the 3DO specifications,
     all machines must follow the same specifications to remain
     compatible with 3DO software. The first player onto the market was
     that made by Panasonic, which was released in the US at the end of
     1993. Others are set to follow in mid to later 1994

     The FZ-1 R.E.A.L player it is unimaginatively called, is a stocky and
     slightly ugly unit in itself. Approximately 40cmx30 cm, the machine 
     is slightly smaller than your average VCR machine. The disadvantage 
     of this design is that the machine isn't going to neatly sit on 
     your floor and probably not even fit on top of your television. For 
     this reason alone, it may be even worth waiting for other companies 
     players which will most likely be a lot less bulky.
        The front of the machine in some respects looks like a front
     loading video player. A small buttons sets off the tray mechanism, 
     which opens up, similar to most CD players. The tray itself is 
     slightly flimsy, so there may be problems after continued use.
        At the rear of the machine are the array of external ports and 
     extension ports. The 3DO includes just about every port which it
     will need off the shelf and in future, which is a big advantage. 
     This includes a twin composite stereo connector, NTSC television 
     connector (this is of course a PAL connection in some other
     countries), video in (useful for video titling, overlaying of 
     software over video), video out (for outputting the results, or 
     your 3DO picture), and a SVHS connector (for greater resolutions on 
     some televisions and VCR's). Cables for all of these are included.
        Most importantly for 3DO owners, is the expansion/MPEG port, 
     allowing the connection of either the MPEG cartridge or other 
     additional hardware add-ons. The only slight disadvantage with all 
     of these ports is that some are a little crammed together when 
     everything is plugged in.

     For your $499 RRP you also get a game (Crash and Burn), a sample 
     disc (with demos, video, information, etc), the machine and all 
     required cables. You also get a pretty decent instruction manual to 
     go along with the unit. The price is definitely not cheap, but you 
     are playing for quality components and for die-hard game fans the 
     price probably won't be a concern (well not too much anyway!). 
     Considering a 486 PC that doesn't have all the custom chips of the 
     3DO for sophisticated games costs approximately $1300, you aren't
     doing _too_ badly at all.

     CONTROLLER:

     Panasonic's control pad is quite different to what you may have 
     been used to with other consoles. About the closest comparison can 
     be drawn between it and the older Genesis control-pads. Slightly 
     square, it can become quite uncomfortable after a long degree of 
     play.
        Three 'action' buttons are implemented, as well as a 4 way 
     directional keypad. A start and pause button is also included. At 
     the top of the controller is a small cap that hides the 
     multi-player connector. Through this, a cable can be daisy chained 
     between yours and other 3DO players (up to eight) to allow 
     multi-player games. If you're starting to think that this would add 
     to the price of the controller, you are right - expect to shell out 
     $40 for a replacement or additional controller! This is much too
     much when it could have been just as easily been included on the 
     main unit itself.
        Probably one of the only noticeably good things about the 
     controller is that a headphone socket and volume controller are 
     included _on_ the control pad itself. This makes it much easier to 
     play the machine from a distance (ie: back on your sofa, etc).

        Along with its slightly uncomfortable feel is the frustrating
     fact that it isn't nowhere near as responsive as you would want it 
     to be. Often you'll have to press the directional controller far to 
     the right to get even a little movement. Even more frustrating is
     attempting diagonals, which are even harder to execute. There is a 
     quick fix for this (though I didn't have the opportunity to try 
     this on a demonstration machine), involving losening the screws at 
     the bottom of the controller to increase the rate of movement. 
     Quite simple, and apparently it works. A big negative for the 
     machine is the controller, though with third party controllers this 
     can be rectified.

     PROCESSOR/OPERATION:

     The most important part in any system is its central processor, 
     which largely limits the capabilities of other functions. In the 
     3DO's case, this the 32 bit ARM60 RISC chip running at a clock 
     speed of 12.5mhz. While not as powerful as the Jaguar's processor 
     (though more powerful than the CD32), it is more than enough for 
     most processor-intensive games.
        Able to operate independently of the main processor, are two
     separate video processors. Each are CISC (which is not the optimum 
     for graphics) operate at 25mhz and can produce such effects as 
     transparency, palette manipulation, real time shading, texture 
     mapping (though only onto a four sided plane) and most other 
     special effects found in other consoles. An interesting feature of 
     the 3DO is that it actually contains two main data buses, one for 
     the video and the other for the main register bus. The reason for 
     this is that MPEG FMV (off CD or other medium) can be piped 
     straight through the video bus without external intervention, 
     taking the load off the DSP and main processor. This allows for FMV 
     display independently of the rest of the system, making possible 
     video titling, video editing, overlaying of graphics over FMV 
     without extra processing power, plus other useful features. 
        While the 3DO is essentially a games machine, a dedicated 
     maths co-processor allows fairly complex mathematical calculations 
     to be carried out in the machine. This is _also_ in addition to the 
     internal floating-point operation of the main processor.
        All of the separate internal operations are routed through the 
     internal DMA controller before being outputted to the screen, to 
     audio, etc.

     Just a small footnote: Since the release of Panasonic's machine, 
     3DO has been optimising the cost of the 3DO, and they have come up 
     with a more cost effective dual chip design for use in future 
     players (Sanyo and AT&T's player will use this design).  They have 
     also been looking into the possibility of using PowerPC RISC 
     processors for its future designs, decreasing costs and at the same 
     time increasing performance. The only problem with this is that 
     there may exist some compatibility problems between the current 3DO 
     and any new design 3DO, so may ultimately not be viable.

     GRAPHICS: 

     Graphical manipulation is all done through the 3DO's 'CEL' chipset.
     Display graphics for the 3DO can either be in 24 bit or 16 bit
     colours per pixel. The machine also uses a interpolling technique
     (addition of pixels to give a smooth result) to give a maximum
     _output_ resolution of 640x480, while the _internal_ resolution
     (that actually are used by the processors) is only 320x480.
     Resolutions beyond this are not really possible, which may be a
     disadvantage when HDTV (High definition television) becomes more
     popular in the coming years. Now standard techniques such as
     texture mapping, background rotation, sprite manipulation and
     special effects are built into the machine. Dedicated video VRAM (1
     megabyte) also helps speed up the machine's graphics capabilities,
     while also doubling as general RAM for some operations.

     SOUND:

     Sound is handled by the internal DSP (digital signal processor), 
     which operates at 25mhz. The custom DSP allows specialised audio 
     functions such as sound mixing (from an external source), special 
     effects (such as reverb, echo, waver, etc), smoothing, and fully 
     implemented Dolby Surround sound. This basically gives the 3DO 
     theatre quality sound from any game, which is a definitive 
     experience! CD quality sound is spooled directly from CD at the 
     standard 16 bit rate.

     EXPANSION/PORTS:

     Ports include SVHS, audio out, video/audio in, RCF (NTSC or PAL), 
     composite output, and two peripheral ports. All of these are passed 
     through the internal DMA.
        Through the control pad connections, other devices such as
     3D-glasses, mice, keyboards, etc are possible. Many of these are 
     already in production for release some time year.
        Expansion is possible through a 68 pin expansion port (for MPEG 
     1 or type 2 adaptors) and also through an extra 30 pin expansion
     port. According to 3DO, both of these ports can upgrade or improve 
     internal components - allowing for future speed or other 
     enhancements.

     OPERATING SYSTEM:

     The 3DO is the first system to include its own custom and dedicated
     operating system built from scratch. This system takes care of
     things such as diagnostics, multi-tasking, bootup, decompression,
     peripheral management and other operations as well as providing an
     interface for loading of files from disc. It also provides the
     opportunity for further storage devices in much the same as a
     computer.
        One of the primary reasons for this operating system is to allow
     backwards-compatibility with later generation 3DO specifications 
     by translating system calls.
        All software _must_ use this operating system for operation, and 
     no low-level programming or fine manipulation of hardware is 
     possible. Whether this is simply because 3DO wants to keep software 
     compatible with different manufacturer's machines or it is actually 
     true is another matter.
        The 3DO "Portfolio" software is separate from the system 
     architecture, and unlike other systems (such as the CD32) each copy 
     of the operating system is loaded off each CD. This means that 
     _each_ copy of a game or software must include the operating system 
     to operate.

     While the software might be an advantage to existing computer 
     developers who may not be so expert at programming in a low-level 
     language, for expert developers the operating system can only get 
     in the way of operations. Usually by programming directly to the 
     hardware special techniques and often an increase in speed is 
     possible - with 3DO this can't be the case.

     STORAGE/MEMORY:

     The primary and just about only storage medium for the 3DO is from 
     CD. Compression and decompression can be done on the fly through 
     the 3DO's architecture during run time. Approximately 540 megabytes 
     of uncompressed data can be squeezed onto one disc.
        Because CD is read-only, the 3DO includes a 32kbyte internal 
     SRAM for battery-backed saving of high scores, positions, etc. 
     While the first 3DO releases (eg: the Horde) suffered some problems 
     by overwriting previous saved games, this has been fixed by an 
     update in the 3DO operating system to manage things better. 32kbyte 
     is not a lot, though used effectively by developers it should be 
     enough to store 4-5 games worth of save games.
        One megabyte of VRAM (video RAM) is included for fast display of 
     graphics, which can also store additional information if required. 
     Main memory consists of two megabytes of high-speed DRAM, which is 
     used for storing of game data during play. One megabyte of ROM is 
     used to control internal operations.

     MPEG1 MODULE:

     To be released at any time now should be the MPEG-1 expansion 
     module. This module will give about 74 minutes of compressed video 
     from a single CD. MPEG is implemented in several systems now, 
     including the CD32 so it shouldn't be long before we see movies, 
     etc coming out on MPEG format. A MPEG-2 cartridge (which offers 
     better detail, at the expense of space) will also be available some 
     time next year.

     RELEASE: UK/Europe - March/April 1994
              Japan - April 1994
              United States - October 1993

     SUMMARY -

     PROCESSOR(S):
     - ARM60 RISC processor
     - Clock speed of 12.5mhz
     - 32 bit at a reported 6 MIPS (Millions Instructions Per Second)
     - 50 megabytes/sec internal transfer
     - 25mhz CISC DSP
     - 30 channel DMA
     - Maths co-processor
     - 2x video processors
         - 32 bit
         - Separate bus


     GRAPHICS:
     - 16 bit
     - Maximum resolution of 640x480
     - Palette of 16,777,216 colours
     - Unlimited colours on screen

     SOUND:
     - 16 bit stereo
         - 44.4khz
         - Software selectable volume
         - Dolby Surround Sound
         - 3D effects

     EXPANSION/OUTPUT:
     - 2x 32 bit expansion bus
     - Composite stereo
     - Two control/link up ports (with headphone jack)
     - Video/audio in
     - SVHS miniDIN output
     - PAL or NTSC RF out (depending on country)
     - Video out

     CONTROL:
     - Control pad:
         - 3 action buttons
         - Multi-directional control pad
         - Pause, Select buttons

     STORAGE:
     - 2 megabytes of general RAM
     - 32kbyte SRAM
     - 1 megabyte VRAM

     CD drive:
     - 16 bit DAC
     - 44.4khz
     - 300kb/esc transfer
     - 540 megabytes uncompressed data

     COMPATIBILITY:
     - PhotoCD 
     - CD&G
     - Audio CD

     PRICE: $499 (including Crash and Burn game)

     This the last in Frontier's present series that gives the low-down
     on the latest consoles. In future Frontier is looking to cover in 
     greater detail the Sega Saturn and Playstation-X machines as they 
     are released, so look out for those in future.

     * While Frontier doesn't really like to advertise, I'll make this 
       small exception. If you are interested in more information on the 
       3DO call 800-REAL-3DO (in the US) or internationally 
       +1-800-REAL-3DO.

     * Thanks to Scott Krot'z regular 3DO faq for much of the 
       information used to write this article.


     ASIAN CONNECTION - Part 2
     ************/\***********
     /\ Tim Wenas

     Welcome to Tim's second article on the Asian market (which as you
     can now see _is_ actually in this issue!). His previous article
     covered mainly the buying and price of consoles in Asia. However,
     what is much more interesting to probably you and me is the actual
     consoles available there.

     The 3DO, maybe surprisingly, is not *yet* widely available in Asia.
     No major department stores have them (to my surprise), and not many
     small shops have them either. I saw one in a Malaysian console
     store, and saw another one in an up market (read expensive) games
     shop in Singapore. No games were demonstrated. On the 3DO being
     displayed, I only saw one playing a Bryan Adams CD. Nice
     polygons...

     The Mega-CD which in Australia at least IMHO has been pretty
     disappointing, actually has quite a few overseas titles which have
     not been released in the western markets to my knowledge (since
     coming back to Australia I haven't been to a single shop!). I
     especially liked one CD title called Thunderhawks which looked a
     lot like Commanche (a most excellent PC helicopter game - If you
     have a PC I advise you get it!) and also an arcade conversion of
     Lethal Enforcers, which even came with a gun, just like the arcade!
     There is both a GenesisCD and cartridge version of Lethal
     Enforcers.

     Gameboy games are available, and especially MGCs (Multi-Game
     carts). I picked up a 50-in-1 cheap, although 19 of the games were
     merely repackaged versions of other games. For example, there were
     3 versions of Alleyway (regular), and the two others started at
     level nine and fifteen. Also available was a 120-in-1, but that
     only contained 59 original games, and the other 61 were copies of
     them!

     There were *many* clones of the 8-bit Nintendo, a Spica one which
     looked just like an original but a bit shorter (you don't have to
     push the cartridge down) about 5 imitations where the (half-height)
     cartridge pops in the top like a SNES, and even one clone that
     looked like a Ferrari! The cartridge went in the sunroof and the
     control pads plugged into the doors...very cool! MGCs are probably
     the only games that sell for the Nintendo, my brother nearly bought
     a 400-in-1 for $28 until we read the back of the packaging...turns
     out there were only really 40 games or so, many of the games being
     copies or altered versions. The first 8 games were Tetris. Sega
     Master Systems are totally dead in Asia as in many other places,
     forget them.

     I was hoping to see a few PC-Engines (I reckon they are the best 8
     bit consoles) but unfortunately, while they were reasonable popular
     about four years ago, they seemed to have followed the fate of the
     Sega MS, ie: dead. The only whisper of PC-Engine I saw were a few
     PC-GT's (hand held PC-Engines) imported from Japan, and costing
     about $500.

     Genesis units are fairly popular in Asia, with the advent of
     Special Champion Edition of SF2 being available (an amazing 20meg
     game!) The new Genesis2 machines that are on sale there ship with
     the 6-button control pad. The Sega multi-tap is available there,
     although I have not played a game that uses it. Anywhere that sells
     console stuff will generally have a few Genesis MGCs (multi-game
     carts). They range from 4 to 20 games in one cartridge (the ones I
     saw) and were generally games released a while ago, like Road Rash
     2, and others. Good value though- $28 for an 8-in-1.

     Super Nintendo machines now rule the roost in Asia - most of the
     demonstration machines were SNES. The easy availability of DBU's
     quite ironically helps out Nintendo, and also Dragonball Z II.
     Dragonball Z is very popular, you can get trading cards, figures
     and even a Dragonball Z meal from Texas Fried Chicken. Strangely
     enough, I was expecting the machines to be the slim, smooth kind
     like we have here in Australia. I thought most of the Asia-Pacific
     region would get those style machines, but instead the US one (the
     ugly, square and purple one) was the one mostly one sale. You could
     still get the round one if you wanted, and there are plenty of
     adapters for you to buy. Plenty of add-ons for you to buy too,
     including multi-taps, joysticks, joypads, NTSC/PAL converters
     etc... Multi-game carts seemed less easy to get than on the
     Genesis, however they were available. It appeared most seemed to go
     for a DBU, because the only cost was of the DBU and disks.
     Generally, the Super Wildcard was most available, while the better
     stores has Gamars, MultiGameHunter and Profighter Q. There are also
     about six other types of backup units available in Asia, but I
     can't recall their names. No sight of the SuperCD (which Tim was
     expecting when he went there, now everybody knows why...)

     And of the others? I saw nothing of the Atari Jaguar, SuperGrafX
     (and certainly nothing of the Konix, if you know what that is...).
     
     And the future? I actually didn't spend much money over there, now
     saving up for a machine of the future. Even the SNES will go the
     way of the Nintendo, and so it seems to me there will be two
     machines to watch - the 3DO and Nintendo's next one, Project
     Reality. Project Reality (due at home in late 1995) should have a
     64bit RISC processor (like the DEC Alpha, I think), run at over
     100MHz, 24bit colour, CD quality sound, etc. It should have a CD
     standard, and even some kind of Virtual Reality. Sounds great, and
     if Nintendo stick to their promise of a $250 price, it will hard to
     resist. Just don't quote that to me if I'm proved wrong a year from
     now! :)

     Asia have the right idea in the way they sell things - they have
     entire buildings dedicated to a certain product. If you want to
     shop for clothes, furniture, electronics, computers or consoles,
     etc, you would go to a building where you can find hundreds of
     shops selling what you want. We have buildings where you can see a
     bit of everything, but not a lot of one thing. Just my 2c for
     FRONTiER! :)

     --> Editor's comment: I'd just like to point out that the likely
     reason for the absence of the 3DO, Jaguar, and other new machines
     in Asia at present is due to the fact that both are American
     manufactured and designed. Congratulations to those US hardware
     developers who have allowed these consoles to see the light - you
     look well set to beat the Japanese at their most lucrative console
     market. After an absence of nearly a decade of trying to keep up,
     things are looking bright for 1990's. Then again, there is always
     the Saturn around the corner.... Now if only Australia could buy
     into the entertainment hardware market :)
        I hope you have enjoyed this series of two articles on the Asian
     console scene, and I myself have found them very interesting
     reading. Tim may you bring you more on the Asian markets at some
     time in the future for FRONTIER, having some regular contacts who
     travel over there quite often. Again, as stated in the first of the
     two part series, please send me any comment/feedback on this
     article to me, or alternatively I can pass them on to him for you.


     JAGUAR DEVELOPERS LiST
     **********/\**********
     (version 1.1)

     THIS article was posted in several of the console newsgroups by me
     a few weeks ago. For those of you who missed it, I'd thought I'd
     include it in this issue of Frontier. It contains a list of most
     (there are about 10 more not listed in this list) of the developers
     signed up for the Jaguar, or at least have a game in production for
     the machine):

     21st Century Software     Gremlin Software       Sunsoft
     3D Games                  H2O Design             Team Infinity
     Accent Media Productions  Handmade Software      Team 17 Software
     Accolade                  HiSoft                 Technation Digital World
     Activision                Hi Voltage Software    Techtonics
     Anco Software             ICD Incorporated       Telegames
     Anthill Industries        ID software            Teque London
     All Systems Go            Iguana                 Thrustmaster
     Argonaut Software         Infogrames             Tiertex
     Atari (!)                 Imagineer              Tradewest
     Attention to Detail       Imagitec Design        Trimark Interactive
     Audio Video Magic         Interplay              UBI Soft
     Bethesda Softworks        Jaleco                 US Gold
     Beyond Games              Krisalis Software      V-Real
     Bjorn Joos/Kris Van Lier  Limelight Media        Virgin
     Black Scorpion software   Llama Soft             Virtual Experience
     Borta and Associates      Loriciel USA           Visual Concepts
     Br0derbund                Manley and Associates  WMS Industries
     Brainstorm                Maxis Software
     Bullfrog                  Microids
     Clearwater software       Microprose/SPH^
     Computer music consulting Midnite Software
     Cybervision               Millenium
     Cyberware                 NMS Software
     Delta Music Systems       Ocean Software
     Dimension Technologies    Park Place Productions
     Domark                    Phalanx Software
     DTMC                      Photosurrealism
     Duncan Brown              PIXIS Interactive
     E-On                      Readysoft
     Elite                     Rebellion Software
     Epic Megagames            Rest Energy
     Eurosoft/Titus            Retour 2048
     EZ Score Software         Sculptured Software
     Gametek                   Silmaris
     Genus Microprogramming    Software Creations

     ^ - Spectrum Holobyte (didn't fit =:) )

     Total = 92 developers (-+10)

     Possibilities or uncertainties: Electronic Arts, LucasArts, Cross-
     Productions, Midway.

     Things to take note of - Some of these companies are publishing
     titles under larger companies. Not all are developing software
     either, however they do have products in development or are
     planning to release Jaguar hardware/or software in future.

     * This information is basically an updated list of developers
       contained in the Jaguar FAQ file (maintained by rjung@netcom.com)
       with extra information from Atari and other sources.


             úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
                ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜŞÛİÛÛİ  ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛİ  ÛÛ²±°
                ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛ  ŞÛŞÛİÛÛÛİ ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛİ  ÛİÛÛÛİ ÛÛ
                ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛßŞÛİÛÛ ÛİÛÛŞÛÛŞÛİ  ÛİÛÛ ÛİÛÛ
             °±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ   ÛÛİÛÛ ŞÛÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ ŞÛÛÛ
             úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
IF you wish to express an opinion in an editorial style article, please
let me know. Frontier aims to be a focus point for intelligent debate on
the console industry so you should be willing to backup your opinions
from readers. If you strongly agree or disagree on an editorial,
consider writing one of your own with some opposing or contrasting
opinions.

     SATURN IN PERSPECTIVE
     *********/\**********

     THE SATURN

     IN the last few months, the industry has been excitedly talking of
     the awe of the new Saturn system - basically pushing the other new
     consoles and how they will ultimately compare to the side. What
     makes Saturn different to other machines such as the Jaguar, 3DO
     and CD32 is that it is being designed by the second, if not now the
     biggest console manufacturer in the world. The name Sega is all
     that is needed to bring the hype that all of the other 32 bit
     newcomers can only dream of. Saturn also puts another big question
     mark over the possible future success of Nintendo. Project Reality
     won't be out for another two years, and while Silicon Graphics can
     definitely deliver the goods it may be simply too long before we
     see a PR home system. By 1996 there will already be hundreds of
     Saturn titles around, and that is not even mentioning the wealth of
     good quality Jaguar, CD32 and 3DO releases that will be available.
        Saturn has timed the release of the Saturn at exactly the right time
     to provide the best possible launch. The expected date for release
     is November, with a possible universal release at roughly the same
     time. Development stations and specifications are right about now
     being shipping to developers across the world (though, of course
     are sworn to saying as little as possible). This should provide at
     least 10-20 good titles by release, including the awesome games
     Virtua Racing, Virtua Fighting and Daytona racing. These alone will
     sell tens of thousands of Saturn's across the world in the first
     month. While 3DO, Jaguar and CD32 should be well established by
     that time, they won't have come near to succeeding in taking a
     stranglehold of the new 32 bit markets. They will still provide a
     worthy competition and choice for buyers, but with Sega on the
     front of the Saturn, it'll instantly be made familiar to millions
     across the world.
        It isn't just the word of Sega on the front that will sell the
     Saturn either, underneath lies a console which will surpass all but
     one of the consoles in the home market. Easily beating CD32,
     surpassing 3DO by a fair way and coming damn close to the Jaguar
     (if not beating) in raw graphical processing power - Saturn offers
     the machine that provides a limitless slate for game developers in
     the coming years. All of this, and still Project Reality is still
     nothing more than a $100,000 Onyx SGI workstation on a handful of
     people's desks......

     BUT WILL IT SELL?

     The Saturn isn't a guaranteed success however, despite what many
     of the other magazines are trying to impress upon the consumer. In
     my opinion, the main prohibiting factor seems to be the price -
     still what most people tend to look at when evaluating consoles.
     Like the Genesis, the Saturn is mainly being aimed at the younger
     markets, and is going to be another 'toy' console, for playing
     games and playing games only. 3DO, CD32 and to a degree the Jaguar
     provides a different approach altogether, looking to become
     slightly more than just a 'toy'. What I am coming to here, is that
     the average target consumer Sega is aiming the Saturn at could
     actually _afford_ the Saturn. $500 is out of the price range for
     most 8-16 year olds, which is the predicted cost of the Saturn
     console. So far nothing has become an instant raging success that
     has cost more than $200, yet Saturn nearly doubles the stakes in
     this regard.
        Price of software is another prohibiting factor. Prices have
     been ridiculously getting higher in the last few years, steadily
     rising since about 1989. Unless the trend reverses, Sega (and
     Nintendo) is simply going to out price themselves out of the market.
     When each game costs $100, which some have been predicting, just
     think - 5 games and you have already surpassed your initial
     purchase of your base unit. Prices need to drop by another $30 at
     least. Why pay a $30 premium just so that Sega can pocket it from
     developers? There is no excuse for it whatsoever, despite the crap
     that they keep spitting out - PC games (even CD ones) are only $80
     at most, why should this be any different for consoles? In the
     past, computer games have provided better graphics, more
     originality, faster action and more lasting games than any console
     release. While this is rapidly changing with the advent of new 32
     bit multi-media consoles, there shouldn't be any reason why prices
     should also increase along with the technology.
        The other 32 bit machines have taken the right step in beating
     the price of most 16 bit software, which acknowledges the fact that
     some companies are beginning to realise that price has hurt sales
     in many instances. Only time will show whether the consumer will
     continue to be pushed around by the companies that sell the
     consoles. With a greater and more powerful choices available,
     software prices will also drop due to the age-old pressure of
     competition - hopefully Sega will also follow the lesser companies
     examples, or just maybe their Saturn may fair as badly as the 3DO
     has so far in real sales terms....


	   úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
	      ÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ	ÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
	      ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ	ÛÛİÛÛÜÜÜÜ
	      ÛÛÛÛÜßŞÛÛßßß ÛÛ ÜÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛßßß ÛÛ Û ÛÛİßßßßÛÛ
	   °±²ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛßŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ
	   úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
THE review section is not an integral part of Frontier, though an
important one. What is the use of talk on consoles, without reviews to
assess the quality of games that are available? If you wish to write
reviews for Frontier for any console, please check out the section: How
*YOU* too can help out with Frontier. While reviews of new games is
preferred, reviews of games up to around 6 months old will be published.

Check back on issue 2 for changes to the game ratings system. This new
rating system I believe gives the best and most complete seen in any
other magazine. Lets watch the others try and copy it :)


     JURASSIC PARK
     ******/\*****
     TYPE ................ Action/adventure
     FORMAT .............. SNES (also out on Genesis)
     DEVELOPER/PUBLISHER . Ocean
     RELEASE ............. November 1993
     PRICE ............... $90
     SIZE ................ 16 megabit

     LEVELS .............. 6 separate tasks
     DIFFICULTY .......... Hard
     PLAYERS ............. One
     EXTRA INFO .......... Can use SNES mouse
                           Dolby Surround Sound support

     JURASSIC Park has turned out to become one of the biggest _ever_
     grossing movies, taking many times more than the previous holders
     ET and Starwars. Not too much story line in essence - just a few
     dinosaurs running around rampantly eating people (fun of course, but
     we've seen that back in the 1930's). While the movie was nothing
     too special in some regards, it was the computer generated
     dinosaurs that really set it apart from other similar genre. Here
     we could see ancient dinosaurs, that has been extinct for millions
     of years interacting with humans in such a life like fashion. If
     nothing else, this was the thing that really made the movie. You
     don't have to be a genius to see that some sort of the console port
     was going to happen, and it wasn't long after the movie that it
     did.
        In the game you control Alan Grant, dinosaur researcher and
     basically head honcho of the game. Like the movie, the nasty dino's
     have broken lose and ravaged none other than Jurrasic Park - your
     job is literally to put them back in their cage.

     Jurassic Park is quite different from any one type of game, though
     it combines many of the best features of others. Most of the game
     takes place in an overhead viewpoint that many Ultima fans would be
     familiar with, yourself controlling Alan through the landscape.
     Everything is well detailed, right down to the textured ground
     (plus dino-prints!) and the general park looking appearance. While
     looking around is all very nice for a while, you soon have to
     settle down to your task of getting the cages back online,
     containing the dinosaurs and ultimately escaping the park. Along
     the way you can pick up and switch between various weapons, such as
     bolos, grenade launcher and dino-prod (sort of like a cattle prod,
     except a lot more potent), plus others which are harder to find.
     Like most games, each comes in handy for different situations.
        These dinosaurs aren't just going to let you hole them up in a
     cage with your weapons though, and often all you can hear to signal
     their approach is the thunder of feet or a chilling call. There are
     a number of different dinosaurs in the game, ranging from the
     wirely Raptor, to the massive Rex. If you time things right, these
     shouldn't be a problem, however if you aren't careful they can
     quickly stampede or eat you (which is more fun, though just as
     deadly in the end!).
        While running around on an overhead view and collecting objects
     and killing dinosaurs might be entertaining for a while, it could
     have become boring. Ocean has taken some initiative in this regard
     and added some variety by adding a first-person three-dimensional
     view. This if the first game I have seen to implement _both_ types
     of views, and it hasn't been done badly. If you enter a number of
     park buildings you are placed in Wolfenstein style action. Similar
     to outside, inside you must access various computer terminals and
     find certain objects to progress in the game, while at the same
     time blasting any dinosaurs that have taken over the buildings. The
     speed is a big improvement on SNES Wolfenstein, though this is
     mainly due to the small 'goggle' viewing window that you actually
     look through.
        After completing a number of different steps to contain the
     dinosaurs (detailed in the manual), you can finally escape the
     island. Although this seems simple, it would easily take a few days
     solid play - there are just so many different sub-plots you also
     have to do to finish.

     While Silicon Graphics Onyx and Indigo workstations were used to
     create the original effects to the movie, the SNES version uses
     standard game techniques - so don't expect anything too wonderful
     comparatively. Despite this, the game's graphics are very good when
     compared to many other SNES games. Everything is finely detailed,
     and even though Ocean didn't uses SGI workstations, the dinosaurs
     look quite realistic. Jungle and buildings are again realistic,
     with a nice cartoon looking effect, which is one of the first
     things that grabs your attention when starting the game. Digitised
     graphics are also used in many effectively, such as the character's
     faces (from the movie), plus the incredible title screen.

     Everything you do in Jurassic Park is in some way accompanied by
     some sort of sound effect, even walking across the ground gives a
     squishing sound. Dinosaurs and other nasties let out their cry in
     full digitised glory. The sound of thundering hooves gets closer as
     the dinosaurs approach. Some digitised speech is also used
     sparseless through the game, such as the slightly robotic "Welcome
     to Jurassic Park". All of these are little things, but make the
     game a lot more entertaining and interesting.
        Music in the game has not been just thrown in as an after-
     thought in the game, but suits the 'Jurassic' mood quite well.
     Music has a hard to describe hip-hop flavour, which blends a sort
     of African/Dinosaur beat into it, which will have most players
     grooving along (well, most people won't - but some will :) ). Some
     of it lacks imagination and constancy, though overall it won't
     start to annoy you after a while (which is my main criteria with
     game music!)

     I must admit, from what I had seen before actually hiring the game,
     and from what some had indicated, I was a little reluctant to check
     out what looked like yet another pathetic movie conversion. Its
     well worth checking the game out for yourself I soon found out, as
     the game is really quite good. Not quite up there with the best of
     the best, or even the best, though somewhere slightly behind.
     Everything has been taken into consideration when converting the
     license, and Ocean has done well with it. The game combines several
     interesting elements (especially the 3D view), which also providing
     a fair challenge and some puzzles to solve. There's not much more I
     can really say than to check it out, you'll like it!



     Final analysis
     -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
					GRAPH				SCORE

     Sound effects      |*******************************                 79%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Music              |**********************************              85%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Sprites		|************************************		 90%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Backgrounds        |**********************************              85%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Playability        |********************************                80%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     IQ factor          |****************                                40%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Fun factor         |*********************************               83%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Overall graphics   |***********************************             87%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     OVERALL            |*********************************               84%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
	   Percentage % 0  10  20  30  40  50  60  70  80  90  100

     Extra Comments
     -=-=-=-=-=-=-=
     SOUND FX    : Nice Dino noises!
     MUSIC       : Especially good if you're into hip-hop.
     SPRITES     : Dinosaurs are all well drawn and animated
     BACKGROUNDS : Lots of nice jungle and landscape to keep u occupied
     PLAYABILITY : A bit frustrating at times when you get stuck
     IQ. FACTOR  : Remembering where certain objects are can be hard
     FUN FACTOR  : A bit repetitive after a while, usually fun
     OVERALL GFX : Sprites and background blend well.
     OVERALL     : Good, though if you don't like dinosaurs....

     IMPRESSIONS : At the start of the game, the initial impression is
     of a game that won't become boring. Unfortunately, later on it can

     CONVERSION : N/A (though a Genesis version is available)

     INTEREST FACTOR : 80% - You might get bored after a few hours

     DIFFICULTY: Will at least take you a few days to complete, most
     likely a couple of weeks.

     WOULD I BUY THE GAME: Probably not, though that is mainly because
     I've already seen and done enough in the game to make it not worth
     it. Other players will probably find the game worth the challenge

     OVERALL: An interesting and at least unique game which offers many
     different things, which also makes a good conversion from the
     movie. If you hated the movie, or find the idea of chasing
     dinosaurs running around a bit too uninteresting you probably won't
     like it.


     SUPER METROID
     *****/\******
     By Jason Box (boxj@rpi.edu)

     TYPE ................ Action/Adventure
     FORMAT .............. Super Nintendo
     DEVELOPER/PUBLISHER . Nintendo
     RELEASE ............. Mid April 1994
     PRICE ............... $59.99 MSRP
     SIZE ................ 24 Megs

     LEVELS .............. ???
     DIFFICULTY .......... Easy to Difficult (See below)
     PLAYERS ............. One
     EXTRA INFO .......... Battery Backup (3 save slots)
     
     After taking the Metroid larva from Metroid II to the Space Science
     Academy on the Galactic Federation Space Colony the scientists
     found out that the energy producing properties of the Metroid could
     be used to benefit mankind.  Samus is on her way to the next bounty
     when she picks up a distress call from the colony.
    
        This is where you re-enter the boots of the now famous space
     bounty hunter known only as Samus Aran.  Picking up where the
     second Metroid game left off Super Metroid is a giant step above
     Metroid and Metroid II. From the attract screen and the intro once
     you start you can tell that you are in for the adventure of a
     lifetime and it's only on your Super NES.
    
        Like the other Metroid games this is a side scroller style game in
     which you have a mission to complete.  You must wonder around the
     planet picking up special items, beams, and missiles.  This Metroid
     has more items than the two previous Metroids.  It also introduces
     Super Missiles and Power Bombs.  Also introduced are a lot of new
     techniques and abilities that Samus has.  Like the Grapple Beam and
     wall jumping.  There are also other abilities that are taught to
     you by strange creatures but you can do even before you meet these
     creatures.  They just let you know that it can be done.  There are
     also other abilities that you will have to discover yourself, but
     aren't important that you need to know them to finish the game.
     
        I won't bog this review down with storyline and plot.  If you
     want to know it read the back of the box or buy the game.  You
     probably have heard it by this point anyway.  What this review is
     for is to tell what makes this a great game.
    
        The first noticeable difference is the music, which will really
     blow your mind when you here it through a stereo.  In fact buy a
     stereo so you can experience the music.  From there you will be
     glad that this adventure is in color once again where it belongs.
     The graphics are spectacular, they are the best that I have ever
     seen on the Super NES, in fact the best that I've seen on any
     16-bit system to date.
    
        You may not notice the detail at first, but when you do you will
     realize why it took so long for it to be released on the SNES.  The
     most mind blowing is the fact that Samus has two sides, that's
     right there's no mirroring here, if you are facing the left of the
     screen the hand facing you is the normal one, while when facing
     right her hand facing you is the one that has the gun attachment.
     But the detail doesn't stop there.  The monsters are just the best
     drawn enemies for this genre of game.  And the bosses,  Kraid
     stands two screens high, and they are all highly detailed and
     challenging.
     
        Play control on Super Metroid is the best on any
     action/adventure game that exists.  You press jump Samus jumps, you
     press left Samus walks left, and you press down Samus crouches.
     There is NO noticeable lag in controlling Samus. The only thing
     getting used to is using seven buttons for this game.  You may get
     confused at first from all the buttons you have to keep track of,
     but you will get used to them. The hardest part of the controls is
     getting to know where all the buttons are in the heat of battle or
     when learning a new ability.
   
        The whole game and the storyline should keep you captivated and
     will make you keep on wanting to go back for more.  I was unable to
     put the game away when I first got it.  And since my room here has
     become a Metroid battlefield. Everyone seems to love this game.
     From people who have never played a video game on a home system but
     just played PC games, to those who have only played the Mario games
     on the old NES - they all love it no matter how frustrated they may
     get they keep on coming back for more.
     
        The music, the sound effects, and the graphics make a complete
     package like none other on any 16-bit system.  The game is morbid
     compared to the first one mainly due to the haunting music and some
     of the on screen special effects that you will get to see
     throughout the game. In fact it seems that Nintendo wanted to make
     a point, that point being that you don't need a CD-ROM to make a
     great game, in fact Super Metroid is an instant classic. Just like
     if you had a Genesis you had to have Ghouls 'N Ghosts, now with the
     SNES you have to have this game or at least rent it or borrow it.
     There is no other game like it on the SNES.  And Nintendo did it
     without a CD-ROM.  In fact it is better than any of the Sega CD
     game out there and I have played all the Sega CD games.
    
        Nintendo has packed a lot of hidden things in Super Metroid, and
     people are still finding them.  No one has found 100% of the items,
     and who's to say how may other secret things are in this game.  But
     it would be a great shame if Nintendo didn't put a sound test in
     this game.  And who knows maybe they did and no one has found it.
     The hidden things are what keeps me going back through the game
     over and over again.  Also like the previous episodes there are
     different endings based on your time.  There may also be a
     different ending if you get 100% of the items.
    
         Now on to the part that I get to gripe about what is wrong or
     bad in Super Metroid.  And there isn't all that much to gripe
     about.  The first problem is that there are some real frustrating
     and annoying parts in it, in which you have to pull off feets of
     joystick dexterity.  But if you have played games like Bionic
     Commando (remember I mentioned a Grapple Beam) and any game in
     which you had to do wall jumping.  These are the two annoying
     aspects of the game because you might get stuck someplace in which
     the only way out is to learn the wall jumping technique.  And to
     finish the game you best get used to the grapple until you get the
     Space Jump.  The only other complaint I have is the limit of three
     saved games.  I have about six people here at school who come in to
     play Super Metroid and always someone's saved game gets erased.
     
        Beyond this I would have to say that the difficulty seems like it
     was meant for new players.  I had an easy time with it, but it did
     challenge me, the bosses can be tricky at first, and getting used
     to the Grapple Bream and wall jumping took awhile and helped add
     some challenge to it as well.  But I finished the game in a 24 hour
     period and had beaten it twice in 36 hrs. The game is of average
     difficulty if you are the average or casual player a few of my
     friends are.  But it is a difficult challenge to new players or
     those who haven't played a video game in awhile - despite the fact
     that have problem with it they still love it and keep coming back
     for more.
    
        To finish off, I would like to say give this game a try, this is
     Nintendo's best game that they have ever done. It is well worth the
     money to buy it or the time to rent it and finish it. It is one of
     those games that you have to give a try. If you don't you'll regret
     missing the best game that I have played in a long time. With more
     instant classics like this Nintendo will once again be on top. Also
     my hat is off to Nintendo for allowing some violence to be in this
     game. You have to see how some of the bosses die in the game and
     you will see what I mean.
   
     Is this a new era for Nintendo?...... only time will tell.
 
     
     Final analysis
     -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
					GRAPH                           SCORE

     Sound effects      |****************************************        100%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Music              |****************************************        100%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Sprites            |**************************************           95%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Backgrounds        |************************************             90%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Playability        |***************************************          97%
                        +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     IQ factor          |********************************                 80%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Fun factor         |****************************************        100%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Overall graphics   |***************************************          97%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     OVERALL            |**************************************           96%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
	   Percentage % 0  10  20  30  40  50  60  70  80  90  100

     Extra Comments
     -=-=-=-=-=-=-=
     SOUND FX    : The best on the SNES
     MUSIC       : The best I've heard on the SNES
     SPRITES     : Highly detailed
     BACKGROUNDS : Excellent but could use a little more work
     PLAYABILITY : Control was superb
     IQ. FACTOR  : A little thought was needed but not too much.
     FUN FACTOR  : I haven't stopped playing it yet... Loads of fun...
     OVERALL GFX : The best on the SNES 

     IMPRESSIONS: It was a tour de force from the intro on.  I couldn't
     put the game down.  The graphics, music, and sound effects puts you
     in the mood.

     CONVERSION: 150%  better than the other two Metroids... but it's still
     missing something.

     INTEREST FACTOR: 100% for Metroid fans and adventure addicts.  95%
     for everybody else.

     DIFFICULTY: Easy to difficult see above.

     WOULD I BUY THE GAME : I did buy it, and I don't regret it.  Its
     the most fun for the price.

     OVERALL : The best game Nintendo has done for the SNES, in fact the
     best game for the SNES full stop!


     LAWMMOWER MAN
     ******/\*****

     TYPE ................ Platform/shoot 'em up
     FORMAT .............. SNES
     DEVELOPER/PUBLISHER . ???
     RELEASE ............. January/February 1994
     PRICE ............... $85
     SIZE ................ 16 megabit

     LEVELS .............. Approx. 8
     DIFFICULTY .......... Hard
     PLAYERS ............. One/two simultaneous
     EXTRA INFO .......... Dolby surround sound

     LAWNMOWER Man is another title that has been converted from the
     movie of the same name. The movie gave a not too far fetched view
     of the future of virtual reality, where a simpleton progresses to a
     super being through unlocking ancient senses and knowledge locked
     within the human mind. Lots of rendered graphics and virtual
     reality scenes gave the movie a fair degree of credibility.
        The game takes place among much the same setting, though in the
     game this has been extended slightly to cover the effects _after_
     Joe escaped (see the movie, you'll see what I mean) where androids
     and computer controlled machines have taken over the cities. Your
     job is to try and destroy the rampant machines and lock Joe back
     into his network.

     Lawnmower man during most parts is a pretty standard shoot-em up, 
     which utilises the high resolution mode (with less colours) of the 
     SNES to provide high detailed scenery. You control your character 
     as you fight your way through the city, jumping across the 
     buildings, blasting away the androids with your laser along the 
     way.
        Additional weapons are also found along the way, and as power ups
     which are picked up from CD's and also armour in the form of the
     cybersuit. Scattered amongst the levels are several computer
     terminals, which you need to disable through the use of a sort of
     puzzle.
        Probably the best parts of the game are the cyberportals, which
     you need to access to progress elsewhere in the level. Here the
     action takes place in the wonders of cyberspace, where you control
     your body through a first-person perspective. While the polygons
     used here are pretty simplistic, it is at least done quickly and
     with enough obstacles to make it a challenge. There are also virus'
     in certain portals which you must destroy. Here is a clear example
     of where the FX chip could be used to good effect, though the specs
     for the chip is only now becoming available to third party
     developers.
        A two player co-operative mode is available, much like Contra
     Spirits. While two players can make the game slightly more
     enjoyable, the actual non-interaction between the players (ie:
     wanting to shoot the other player when you can't) doesn't really
     make it a worth addition. It also switches to single mode player
     during the cyberspace sections which takes out an additional
     challenge.

     As mentioned before, graphics use the high resolution mode during 
     most of the game, giving it a 16 colour VGA look. The city scenes 
     quite realistic because of this, and its a pity more games don't 
     use this mode. The introduction to the game, while not exciting in 
     the typical sense, uses a surprising number of digitised film shots 
     to give it a storyboard look.
        In the cyberspace sections the graphics are too chunky for my
     liking, and the supposedly 3D polygons look suspiciously 2D a lot of
     the time. Sprites are a bit squashed in most places, and
     distinguishing an android from a power up can often be hard. Overall
     though, everything fits in well with the virtual reality feel,
     though of course the SNES pretty much limits the sort of game that
     could have been possible.

     Lawnmower man uses a techno style music throughout the game, and 
     although I've said this for many other SNES games - I don't think 
     I've heard any better (well, in a game anyway). Compared to many 
     commercial techno, it doesn't really fair much differently, 
     basically a nice thumping beat with other bits thrown in. Sound 
     effects are comprised mainly of computer synthesised fx, plus the 
     odd burst of digitised speech thrown in. Again, it suits the 
     virtual reality/cyberpunk feel well, and there couldn't be many 
     improvements that I can see.

     While the game is nothing new, it somehow includes enough action to 
     keep you playing for at least a few hours at first. The two player 
     action doesn't really add much to the game, and most of the time 
     you are better off doing the game on your own. The action, when it 
     comes down to it can also become repetitive, most of the buildings 
     look similar, along with most of the bad guys.
        Its hard really to recommend the game to anyone in particular. 
     While shoot 'em up fans will want more action and something 
     different, and non shoot 'em up fans will quickly get bored, there 
     isn't much the game really offers that is any different to any 
     other platform/shooter game around.

     * Lawnmower Man 2 (the movie) is also due for release later this
     year, and according to the publishers of LM1 there will be a
     similarly based game sequel to co-incide with the movie.


     Final analysis
     -=-=-=-=-=-=-=
					GRAPH				SCORE

     Sound effects      |**********************************              85%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Music              |*************************************           94%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Sprites            |*****************************                   72%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Backgrounds        |************************************            90%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Playability        |*********************************               83%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     IQ factor          |************                                    30%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Fun factor         |****************************                    71%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     Overall graphics   |************************************            89%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
     OVERALL            |**********************************              84%
			+___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
	   Percentage % 0  10  20  30  40  50  60  70  80  90  100

     Extra Comments
     -=-=-=-=-=-=-=
     SOUND FX    : Nice and digital :)
     MUSIC       : Some nice techno tracks
     SPRITES     : Too small and squashed in hires mode
     BACKGROUNDS : Buildings and streets look realistic
     PLAYABILITY : Frantic arcade action all the way.
     IQ. FACTOR  : The access terminals can be hard
     FUN FACTOR  : Not really that exciting in any part
     OVERALL GFX : Good, except for some of the sprites generally
     OVERALL     : A decent title which shows that the SNES isn't really
                   capable of much more.

     IMPRESSIONS: While the sounds and graphics initially are impressive,
     things don't vary enough between the levels

     CONVERSION: N/A (though also an IBM CD game)

     INTEREST FACTOR: While the game isn't too hard, often it can become 
     frustrating.

     DIFFICULTY: As above - often you end up going around in circles

     WOULD I BUY THE GAME: No. There are plenty of better platform games 
     available.

     OVERALL: A game which implements much of the feel of the movie.
     From a movie with such fantastic special effects, the SNES isn't
     really cut out to produce a title that really does the license
     justice. A 3DO version with fully rotoscoped and rendered objects
     would make a _really nice_ title :)


			úÄÄÄÄ The Cheater's ÄÄÄÄÄú
			   ÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ
			   ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ   ÛÛ
			   ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛßßß ÛÛ   ÛÛ
			°±²ÛÛÛÛÛßŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ   ÛÛ²±°
			úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
FRONTIER hopes to include a variety of different cheats, hints,
solutions, etc for systems and games of all different types. The aim is
to produce new information that has not been published before, though
this of course cannot always be guaranteed. If you have discovered a
secret level, willing to contribute some accurate playing hints, just
finished a game and are willing to produce a solution, or for that
matter anything that will help out gamers, Frontier is after them!

     CD32 - Here is a useful tip that will allow you to access an
     undocumented display menu in your machine. For this you will need a
     standard Amiga mouse. Plug it into the CD32 port and hold both
     buttons during boot-up. You should now be able to choose between
     several different display modes, including PAL or NTSC display!
     Very useful for all CD32 owners no doubt.

     JAGUAR - Here is an interesting function that Atari has included in
     their new console. Power up the unit as usual, and when the Jaguar
     logo comes up press OPTION and PAUSE to be able to rotate the cube,
     change its shape and other interesting things!


           úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
           °±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
               ÛÛ   ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛİ ŞÛİÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛ
              ŞÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛÜßŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛ
              ŞÛÛ   ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛİ ŞÛİÛÛÛÛÛß ÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ
           úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
IF you have something console related you would like to sell, contact
me and I will include your add for free in the next and subsequent
issues.

Atari 400 system.  Sell all or part: upgraded console, disk drive, about
15 carts -- all the classics like Pac Man, Centipede, Missile Command --
plus some disks. Inquire for more details to: Eric Balkan, 14704 Seneca
Castle Ct, Gaithersburg MD 20878 USA; ebalkan@ppbbs.clark.net; PP BBS:
301-294-0756.


SUPPORT SITES/DISTRIBUTION
************/\************
THE following places are the first to receive Frontier each month, and
also carry previous issues. If you are after the latest issue of
Frontier, these places are where you will find it:

     VIOLENT CRIMES (BBS)
     Melbourne, Australia
     +61-3-562-1008
     Sysop: Sudden Death
     Extra: Mention Frontier to receive the magazine.

     EMPIRE (BBS)
     Melbourne, Australia
     +61-3-591-0020
     Sysop: Matthew Clemants
     Extra: This is still being worked on, issues are distributed here
	    Fidonet 3:632/530

     CUBENet (BBS)
     Munich, Germany
     +49-089-149-8811
     Sysop: Peter Koehnkow
     Extra Info: 44 lines! One of Europe's biggest BBS
		 Fidonet (2:2480/66)

     X=Link BBS
     Singapore
     +065-345-2083
     Sysop: Melvin Chia
     Extra Info: 24hrs (Sat/Sun/Singapore public holidays)
		 1200-0000 (Mon-Fri : Singapore Time)
		 Fidonet (6:600/638)

     Packet Press BBS
     United States
     +1-301-294-0756
     Sysop: Eric Balkan (balkane@eon.com)
     Extra Info: None applicable - just call!

     FTP
     ftp.digex.net in /pub/access/spatton/frontier_magazine/
     Admin: contact Scott Patton (spatton@access.digex.net)
     Extra Info: Only the latest issue of Frontier will be available
		 here due to limited archive space.

     FTP (non-official)
     California, United States
     wuarchive.wustl.edu in /pub/frontier_magazine/
     Admin: archive@wugate.wustl.edu
     Extra Info: At present only on a temporary basis and is not
		 official (could disappear at any time).

     * Frontier is looking for somebody who can set up some sort of
     internet list-server so that Frontier can be sent via email to
     people who don't have FTP access. Contact the editor if you are
     willing to provide this.

     * You too can become a support site and be added to this list. All
     that is required is for you to hold the current and back issues of
     Frontier, and be able to FTP each issue as it is released.
     Simple...


HOW *YOU* TOO CAN HELP OUT FRONTIER
***************/\******************
FOR a magazine such as this to prosper, Frontier needs regular
contributions from its readers. From general articles, new releases, to
reviews and opinions, Frontier needs them all. Even small pieces of
information which you feel may not or may not be important, don't
hesitate to send them in. Most likely, if it hasn't been mentioned, we
don't know about it!

If you wish to become a regular reviewer for Frontier, drop me a line
stating the consoles you own, and which game(s) you want to review and
I'll email you the 'Frontier reviewer's guide'. This guide should cover
everything you need to know about writing a review for this magazine, or
for those who have never written a review before and want to.

The following things are specifically needed at present:

     - Gameplay co-ordinator position: To compile a list of cheats,
       hints and solutions for many games on many different platforms.
       You should be an avid game player and be able to discover
       material for yourself - eg: not taken straight from other
       magazines.

     - More reviewers: Although many have asked for and have been sent
       the reviewer's guide, I have heard very little back in the way of
       reviews from those people. Please get those reviews in if you
       intend on having them published!

     - More cheats: A lot of the cheats as you may notice are reprints
       of those that have appeared in other magazines. I am trying to
       stay away from this, so if you have an original cheat or hint
       please send it in.

     * For information on where to send any material or contributions,
       see the following section.


HOW TO CONTACT FRONTiER
**********/\***********
IF you need to contact Frontier for any reason, to ask a question, to
pose a question, to comment on the magazine or industry in general, or
for any other reason, don't hesitate to mail! (as it were).

     * Gordon Craick (chief editor) *

     .._@/` Post: Gordon Craick       For those who do not have access
		  16 Gums Avenue	      to the internet
		  Belgrave, Victoria
		  AUSTRALIA	3160

     Email: pred@zikzak.apana.org.au   For response within a few minutes
						 to a few days!
     FidoNet: Netmail to 3:632/530 (Gordon Craick)

     * Bradley Lascelle (news co-ordinator)

     Email: bradley.lascelle@canrem.com  - Canada

     .:. If I don't receive your mail, try sending it again. If i
         *still* don't receive your message, try posting a 'where are
         you?' post in one of the console newsgroups (which I regularly
         monitor) and I should be able to get back to you. Otherwise,
         don't worry, I'm probably just dead :)


CREDITS/THANKS
******/\******
KEEP up the great support everybody! Specific thank you's go to:

     . Tim Wenas - His article on the Asian markets, plus being cool ;)
     . Jason Box - For his Super Metroid review! Looking out for some
       more from you hopefully!
     . Since the list has grown rather large now, thanks go out to _all_
       who have offered to be a support site. Keep up your support!
     . David Mansell - For CD32 related information
     . Bradley Lascelle - For being the news co-ordinator and hopefully
       some reviews in the future!
     . DiE productions OZ - Distribution, support and more!
     . YOU

     * Unless otherwise indicated, all articles are written by Gordon
       Craick.

     That's about it from the second issue of Frontier! Look out for
     issue four out in early June...

	-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

     COPYRIGHT INFORMATION - FRONTIER MAGAZINE AND ALL ARTICLES
     CONTAINED WITHIN REMAIN THE LEGAL PROPERTY OF THE AUTHOR(S) UNDER
     EXISTING WORLDWIDE COPYRIGHT TREATIES AND IS (c) COPYRIGHT 1994. NO
     PART OF THIS MAGAZINE MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SEPARATELY OR SOLD FOR
     PROFIT WITHOUT EXPLICIT PERMISSION FROM THE EDITOR AND RESPECTIVE
     AUTHOR'S.
	ALL COMPANIES AND NAMES MENTIONED IN THIS MAGAZINE REMAIN
     TRADEMARKS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE COMPANIES.
	FRONTIER CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES INCURRED FROM
     INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE, EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY. WHILE
     CARE IS TAKEN TO ENSURE ACCURATE INFORMATION, FRONTIER CANNOT BE
     HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES INCURRED AS A RESULT.

	-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
