

    T           t                  07-01-92
      h           h                Issue #1
        e           e                 of

            ßßßßß   ßßßßß  ßß   ßß ßßßßßß      ßßßßßß ßßß   ßß   ßßßßß
           ßß   ßß ßß      ßß  ßß    ßß          ßß   ßßßß  ßß  ßß   ßß
           ßßßßßßß  ßßßßß  ßßßßß     ßß          ßß   ßß ßß ßß ßßß
           ßß   ßß      ßß ßß  ßß    ßß    ÜÜ    ßß   ßß  ßßßß  ßß   ßß
           ßß   ßß  ßßßßß  ßß   ßß ßßßßßß  ßÛ  ßßßßßß ßß   ßßß   ßßßßß
              s       p       n       n
                s       r       o       f
                  o       e       w       o
                    c       a       l       m
                      i       d       e       a
                        a               d       t
                          t       o       g       i
                            i       f       e       o
                              o                       n
                                n               &

                                    f
                                      o
                                        r




                             .                   .
                            .......................
                           ........  Index  ........
                            .......................
                             .                   .
 1.  Opening Comments...
 2.  What is ASKI?
 3.  -=ğCrosstalkğ=-
 4.  Hackers Manifesto: The rest of the story...
 5.  Cryptography, Government and Privacy: Part I
 6.  Real Hackers Unite!
 7.  FCC ATTACKS MODEMERS! PHIGHT BACK NOW!!
 8.  Box of the Month:  The Silver Box      <--
 9.  Virus Corner                              |  Anarchist Section
10.  Phun at OM!!                           <--
11.  Reviews
12.  News from Cyberspace
13.  Coming Soon
14.  Laid Her
------------------------------------------------------------------------------







                              ASKI Phile #1
                         Opening comments from
                       the editors of ASKInews!!

        Well, this is the first issue of ASKInews and we hope you guys
enjoy it. This magazine is dedicated to providing information of interest
to the online community. Some of this information can be used for illegal
purposes, but it also teaches you something about telecomputing. We have
made sure that this mag is clear of codes, credit card numbers, and other
illegal information in the hopes that this info will be used positively,
to help the online community, instead of furthering it's destruction.
LONG LIVE FREEDOM OF SPEECH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

                            ASKI Phile #2
                            What is ASKI?

         ASKI is an organization that has been formed to help fight for freedom
of speech on electronic bulletin board systems. Public information systems
provide the ultimate medium for communications. Any piece of information can
be spread, uncensored, across the globe, in a matter of seconds. This power
scares many people, people who don't want the truth heard and people who
believe they have the right to control what everyone else sees, hears, and
thinks. They have tried numerous times to control or destroy the BBS industry.
Just when we think it is over, a new group of self-righteous SOBs attack us
again. ASKI has been formed to protect the rights and interests on the online
community and to spread information that has been suppressed by those who fear
the power of knowledge. Join ASKI today, and help us fight for freedom in this
information age! Once we have the membership information worked out we will be
accepting members. We will have regular meetings where BBSers can meet in
person and socialize. Also, when needed, we can discuss various actions that
need to be taken to protect our rights. We hope you enjoy the first issue of
ASKInews and we hope you join us in our fight for freedom!!

                            ASKI Phile #3
                           -=ğCrosstalkğ=-

        This is the letters section. Every month we will be printing letters
from readers and trying to answer their questions or commenting on their
views. Are you against what we are doing here? WHY? Do you support us? WHY?
Is there something you would like to see here or something you would like our
group to work on? WRITE IN!!!! We are accepting not only letters, but also
articles, news, and rumors. Write a news note, write a letter, write an
article, send anything in!!! Voice your opinions and spread what you have
learned!! We can be reached on The Ninja's Domicile (370-8805) or any of
the ShadowNET boards (send messages to The White Ninja). WRITE IN TODAY!

                            ASKI Phile #4
                        The Hackers Manifesto


        The Hacker's Manifesto is a very famous file in which The Mentor
expressed his anger after his arrest. However, most people STILL don't
understand. This article will be an attempt to expand on The Mentor's
comments and respond to arguments the IS community has brought up about the
file. But first:
                         The Hackers Manifesto
                            By: The Mentor

It's all over the papers!  Another one got caught today!

         "TEENAGER ARRESTED IN COMPUTER CRIME SCANDAL"

            "HACKER ARRESTED AFTER BANK TAMPERING"

    Damn Kids...They're all alike!

    But did you, in your three-piece psychology and 1950's 
techobrain, ever take a look behind the eyes of the hacker?  Did 
you ever wonder what made him tick?  What forces shaped him? 
What may have molded him?

    I am a HACKER, enter my world...

    Mine is a world that begins with school. I'm smarter than 
most of the other kids. This crap they teach us bores me...
  
    Damn Underachiever...They're all alike!

    I'm in high school.  I've listened to teachers explain for 
the fifteenth time how to reduce a fraction. I UNDERSTAND IT! 
"No, Ms. Smith, I didn't show my work. I did it in my head..."

    Damn Kid...Probably Copied it...They're all alike!

    I made a discover today. I found a COMPUTER! Wait a second,
this is COOL!  It does what I want it to.  If it makes a mistake,
it's because I screwed it up! Not because it doesn't like me...
or feels threatened by me... or thinks I'm a smart ass... or 
doesn't like teaching and shouldn't be here.

    Damn Kid...All He Does is Play Games...They're all alike!

    And then it happened!  A door opened to a world!  Rushing 
through the phone line like heroin through an addict's veins, an 
electronic pulse is sent out, a refuge from the day-to-day 
incompetencies is sought.  A board is found....

       "This is it...This is where I belong...I know
        everyone here...Even if I've never met them,
        never talked to them, may never hear from them
        again...I know you all..."

    Damn Kid...Tying Up the Phone Line...They're all Alike...

    You bet you ASS we're all alike.  We've been spoon-fed baby
food at school when we hungered for steak.  The bits of meat that 
you did let slip through were pre-chewed and tasteless.  We've 
been dominated by sadists, or ignored by the apathetic.  The few 
that had something to teach found us willing pupils, but those 
few are like drops of water in the desert.

    This is our world now... The world of the electron and the switch,
the beauty of the baud.  We make use of a service already
existing without paying for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't 
run by profiteering gluttons, and you call us criminals.  We 
explore...And you call us criminals.  We seek after 
knowledge...And you call us criminals.  We exist WITHOUT skin 
color, without nationality, without religious bias...And you call 
us criminals.  You build atomic bombs, you wage wars, you murder,
cheat, and lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own 
good...Yet we're the criminals.

    Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity.  My 
crime is that of judging people by what they say and think, not 
what they look like!  My crime is that of outsmarting you! 
Something that you will never forgive me for...

    I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto.  You may stop this 
individual, but you can't stop us all!  After all, we're all 
alike.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The Mentor is not the first person to criticize our nations school
system, and he will not be the last! Everyone seems to agree that the current
system is not working. It used to be good, but too many teachers got tenure
and too many administrators got sick of closely examining students to choose
what course levels they should be taking. So, in the name of progress of
course, the school system was destroyed. At my school there are 2 to 4 levels
of courses for students who are at or below the average, however there is NEVER
more than 2 levels for those who are above the average, and these courses are
HARD to get into. They just got rid of an English level that consisted of
800 above average students. All 800 are being moved to a level below there
intelligence or a level that will be to difficult for them to handle. In the
name of progress. Bull shit! It was done to make our administrator's job
easier!! Now we have 800 kids who, if they where not bored enough with school,
are now even more sick of it, either to much pressure of too little challenge.
OOOHHH, YES we fought it! We signed petitions and gave speeches and got
parents on our side, but we are just kids! What do we know? We are stupid
idiots who can't drive, can't vote, can't even get medical assistance without
parental consent and do not deserve to voice our worthless opinions!!! No one
listened, and everyone lost.
        There are a group of kids in EVERY school who are advanced computer
students. How does someone under 18 get to this level? With years of study and
experimentation that is often illegal. Copyrights, patents, licence agreements,
and anti-piracy laws are all broken, but it is all worth it. The student
becomes a computer systems and programming expert!! Most people refuse to
believe that one of "today's kids" would spend the time and work required just
for the sake of learning. They tell us we are playing games or that we have
some ulterior motive, and they listen to little news stories about hackers.
The kids turn to their schools for more information, but most find an
environment somewhat like my school. My school has more than 50 computers, do
you think there is even one programming course!? NO!! Just a bunch of worthless
courses on out of date word processors and old spreadsheet programs. What about
colleges? Yes, colleges do offer some courses to high school students, but they are
little better than the high school's. And the universities will not allow us
access to their systems!! You have to be a student there! Another option gone.
Where should these kids turn for information?? Businesses? I don't care how
many IS managers tell you they would hire a high school student, IT NEVER
HAPPENS!!!!!!! Who would hire a kid with no high school diploma, not to mention
a college degree, no work experience, and no computer knowledge other than what
he has taught himself! Most people think the kid is lying when he describes
the experience he has. They would not think twice about hiring a person like
this!! A person with this kind of background would have a hard time getting a
job at Mcdonald's!! These kids are left with no other option. They must again
break the law in order to gain the knowledge everyone seems to deem them
unworthy of having.
        They call us "The first generation that will do worse than their
parents!" The "Baby Boomers" came up with this Bull Shit. Not surprising. The
generation that has spent the last ten years calling itself the best generation
that has ever been has now proclaimed itself the best generation that WILL EVER
BE!!!!! What does this statement mean?? Many people think that it means that
our generation will not be able to advance technology as far as they have, or
that technology will stop here. Not true. Many people believe think that we
will destroy the earth because we will not be able to keep up with our parents.
Not true. Many people believe that our generation is somehow collectively less
intelligent than theirs. This, also, is not true. What DOES this statement
mean? It means that the average student today will learn less in school than
the average student 30 years ago. Who get's the blame for this? WE DO!
Although they will not accept our opinions on the school system, they blame
US for it's fallacies! They tell us we are lazy, that all we want to do is go
out with friends or play "games" on the computer. They say we all go out at
night at commit crimes, do drugs, steal thousands of dollars from companies
and the government. They do not even attempt to learn the truth, the just
form a biased opinion and go with it. Here we have a group of kids who want to
learn, but their schools deny them the information they seek and no one else is
willing to provide it. So, they take things into their own hands and steal the
knowledge require. In return they are arrested and prosecuted. If they where
allowed to learn they would be able to use this information to help the
computer community, but instead they join the thousands of people crowding
up our nation's prisons. Sad. It is sad when a nation forces their children to
break the law in order to learn.

                            ASKI Phile #5

               Cryptography, Government and Privacy: Part I

     The Cryptography, Government and Privacy section will be a continuing
section in ASKI's newsletters.  One can only obtain pure privacy by
cryptography in this electronic community we live in.  One day we might have
to send you the newsletter cryptographed!
     Since the beginning of time we, as humans, have made equalizers to fight
off the oppression.  We have invented the constitution vs. government,
radar detectors vs. radar, and cryptography vs. violation of privacy to
name a few.  The government certainly uses technology to oppress, a good
example:  The Bomb.  The evil lies not in the tool but the wielder
of the tool.
     We installed in the United States the Constitution to limit what the
government can do to Americans.  We have invented radar detectors because
the government uses radar for military and non-military use.  If the government
can make the anti-radar SR-71 Blackbird then surely Ford, for example, can make
an anti-radar car. The reason Ford has not made such a car: the same
governmental oppression that is destroying the BBS community. Now "We the
People" are fighting back with cryptography.
     Last year, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) proposed to congress
a stipulation in the crime-bill package would require vendors to provide
decrypting technology with on all encrypted data sent over U.S. networks. But,
Congress did drop that proposal. Why did the FBI propose such measures? So they
could eavesdrop on everything we say and thus increase their control over our
lives!!
     There has been intense criticism and debate ever since the Digital
Encryption Standard (DES), based on an algorithm developed by IBM, was approved
by the National Bureau of Standards. The National Security Agency made
modifications to the algorithm that seemed weaken it.  Did our government
weaken the standard so a mass parallel processor could break it?  DES can be
broken if all of the 2^56 (said 2 to the 56th power) possible keys are
attempted.  Biham and Shamir have succeeded in breaking of certain
implementations of DES using only 2^47 encryption steps.  This is a
big strike against the DES!
     I personally use an encrypter with an enhanced version of DES.
The pseudo-random number generator used has a period of greater
than 1.98E+233 or 1.98 times ten raised to the 233th power.
By comparison the National Bureau of Standards DES algorithm
has a period less than 7.21E+16 (or about 2 to the 56th power).
     It is illegal for one to use DES outside of the United States. This
violates the National Security Act.  If you want your information to be unseen
by prying eyes then you can pick up a copy of my encrypter on an ASKI support
BBS.  I HIGHLY suggest it.  I recommend that you also download the password
program.  This program will randomly pick a password that will chose over 3
trillion different passwords.  It is great for making encryption keys!!
     In 1976 Diffi and Hellmand changed cryptography.  They produced the
Public-key Cryptography (PKC).  This has two keys, one public and one private.
It is almost impossible to deduce the private key from the public key.  A
person with the public key can only encrypt a message - while as a person with
the private key can decrypt it.  The PKC has implications far beyond
simple data encryption.  It allows people to do things securely over the
computer networks that are impossible any other way.
    I will go into more detail in the next issue about the key system and RSA
algorithm in the next issue, I will also give an example of a PKC program.
    The best way to have something sent these days is have it compressed then
cryptographed and finally CRC checked.  This takes care of a couple of matters:
size, encryption, validation.  This bugs the hell out of ALL government
agencies.  So DO IT! You can also encrypt your voice communications!
        People don't trust our government and local phone company.  We can
trust our phone company to have our phones working, most of the time, but after
their endless price and censorship wars against the online community, that is
ALL we can trust them for!!  And we can trust our government will intercept
our information. There were only 2000 court authorized wire tapping incidents
last year. It is illegal for anyone to tap any line without a court order, yet
there is a HUGE wire tapping industry! How can an entire industry be supported
on 2000 sales a year. Quite simply, it can't. The government and other parties
ARE tapping people's lines illegally! THERE IS NO QUESTION ABOUT IT!! It is sad
that we live in this type of society.  Ever since the Roman times we have been
scrambling information.  This shows how important your information is to
someone else.
      At the Domicile you can find the File encrypter, Password Generator,
File Verification CRC and Compression Utilities that will protect you against
outsiders!  Long live the Freedom of Speech!  (They will be up about Aug 1st.)


                            ASKI Phile #6
                          Real Hackers Unite


This Phile was submitted by Chris Faulkner and is targeted towards REAL
Hackers, those who want to learn. Today there are too many rodents, who
are in it just to be cool and to get a good reputation, and too many
Cyberpunks who are out to crash just about everything they can get their
hands on. No one seems to understand that real hackers are not out to
destroy the world, just to learn about systems and gain information that
today's decrepit school system doesn't provide. For those people, this is
how to go about it.


Message #1716 - ASKI  (Private) (Received)
   Date: 07-02-92 00:44
   From: Dr.Arkane Madness
     To: The White Ninja
Subject:: Text Phile
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@PID: RA 1.11 2890
@MSGID: 10:615/5 4ff0eef0

                          Hackers Unite
                          -------------
 
                  Submitted by: Chris Faulkner
 
     The information in this text is for your safety and the safety of
others, and if there is something you do not like in this file, please take it
as an opinion and carry on.
 
     From my point of view, I'm starting to notice a new "breed" of hackers
uprising from the ashes of the old age(1980-1986 era).  And I think the time
is a little late for most, but just right for the people interested.  I will
spend most time in this article not telling you about me, but about my
experiences and hope that this article will help you understand how enormous
this is and can be.
 
     Back in the old era, you had your hacking groups,clubs,etc.  A small
band of computer renegades, not actually tyrants, but kids wanting to learn,
investigate, and try new and exciting things. You could rate these people to
being Secretive to Instigator. Meaning, you had your hackers that worked
arcanely and then there were your "Rumor Starters".  Which is
fine......but...the fact is now, in this era, a new "breed" of hackers has
arisen, and the thing about it is, is that now, it's harder to do things than
it was 6 years ago.
 
     Things have not gotten out of hand.....yet.  But then you have people
that listen, and the other side thinking they know.  It doesn't pay to think
anymore.  I, on the otherhand, have gotten away with just about murder on the
computer.  Some I will not say about. But I watched my back, kept my mouth
shut, and listened to everyone else that was more knowledgeable.  
 
With this in mind, instead of "Hackers" working against each other, work for
each other.  And also, I present to you some simple guidelines, that are in
no way complete, but are common sense to remind you of what you are doing;
 
1> A good hacker never tells his secrets
2> A good hacker never boasts or brags
3> A good hacker always watches his back and/or someone watches his back
4> A good hacker never sequentially war dials (grin)
5> A good hacker never uses his own phone line
6> A good hacker uses his mind, not his computer
7> A good hacker never hacks something worthless
8> A good hacker has a "crew"
9> A good hacker always has backups
10> A good hacker never writes anything down on paper or electronically.
 
Consider these your "10 Commandments".  Although they are not complete, abide
by this, common sense, and you'll be well on your way.
 


                            ASKI Phile #7

      Did you know there are four other tones on the phone.  The function of a
silver box is to bring you the four extra DTMF (dual-tone multi-frequency)
tones that are not used normally.  It is easy to generate these DTMF tones
because the standard 16 tone format is used in many popular DTMF tone
generator's IC's.  These DTMF tones are known as A, B, C, and D.  This article
shows two ways to modify telephone equipment on the market to make silver box
tones.  Schematics are also provided which illustrate the modifications
required in the construction of a silver box.
     You may already own a silver box!  The DTMF encoder IC inside your
touch tone phone may be capable of producing silver box tones.  If your
phone is a newer touch tone and does NOT have features such as call storage
or redial, the modifications will work if the chip is right.
     There are many DTMF chips but the one you want is for phones using
the 16 pin TCM5087 tone encoder.  This chip is designed to generate
eight different tones used in dual tone telephone dialing systems.
Figure 1 and 2 represent a list of tones and associated frequencies.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿         ÚÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³             ³    Freq ³         ³   ³                         ³
³       Tone  ³    (Hz) ³         ³   ³  1      2     3      4  ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÅÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´         ÃÄÄÄ³ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ³
³    Row 1    ³    697  ³         ³  1³  1  ³   2  ³  3   ³  A  ³
³    Row 2    ³    770  ³         ³R  ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ³
³    Row 3    ³    852  ³         ³  2³  4  ³   5  ³  6   ³  B  ³
³    Row 4    ³    941  ³         ³O  ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ³
³ Column 1    ³    1209 ³         ³  3³  7  ³   8  ³  9   ³  C  ³
³ Column 2    ³    1336 ³         ³W  ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ³
³ Column 3    ³    1477 ³         ³  4³  *  ³  0   ³  #   ³  D  ³
³ Column 4    ³    1633 ³         ³   ³     ³      ³      ³     ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ         ÀÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


        Figure 1                              Figure 2

    The 5087 works when a key is pressed, it connects two pins on the IC
together.  One is a row pin and one is a column pin.  For instance, if a
6 is pressed, the row 2 pin is connected to the column 3 pin on the 5087.
This causes a 770Hz and a 1477Hz tone to be emitted.  For normal use,
the column 4 pin, which is used to make the A,B,C,and D tones, is unused.
     Before you start this simple modification you must have a phone with
a 5087 chip.  In the new trimline style phones this chip is located in
the center of the larger printed circuit board (PCB) in the hand set.
The chip should have the numbers 5087 on the back along with some other
numbers, so it will read something like "T95087" or "TCM5087".
Once you have identified the chip, you must gain access to the solder
side of the PCB.
     The four tones are enabled by installing three wires and a switch.
First, cut the trace on the PCB going from pin 5 of the 5087 to the keypad.
Use a razor blade or a small file.  (On an IC the first pin is the one in
the lower left corner when you hold the chip so the letters are right side up.
There may also be a dot on the case above pin 1)  Next, solder separate
wires to pin 5, pin 9, and to column 3 of the keypad.  This is the point
on the keypad that was connected to pin 5 of the IC before you cut the trace.
See Figure 3.

                             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                             ³         TCM5087          ³
      ÚÄ¿  ÚÄ¿  ÚÄ¿      14 ³                          ³
      ³1ÃÄÄ³2ÃÄÄ³3ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´Row 1                     ³
      ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ          ³                          ³
       ³    ³    ³           ³                          ³
      ÚÁ¿  ÚÁ¿  ÚÁ¿      13 ³                          ³
      ³4ÃÄÄ³5ÃÄÄ³6ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´Row 2                     ³ 16
      ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ          ³                     Tone ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
       ³    ³    ³           ³                      Out ³
      ÚÁ¿  ÚÁ¿  ÚÁ¿      12 ³                          ³
      ³7ÃÄÄ³8ÃÄÄ³9ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´Row 3                     ³
      ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ          ³                          ³
       ³    ³    ³           ³                          ³
      ÚÁ¿  ÚÁ¿  ÚÁ¿      11 ³                          ³
      ³*ÃÄÄ³0ÃÄÄ³#ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´Row 4                     ³
      ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ  ÀÂÙ       9 ³                          ³   Figure 3
       ³    ³    ³ /oÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´Col 4                     ³
       ³    ³    Ào       5 ³                          ³   Note switch between
       ³    ³       4   oÄÄÄ´Col 3                     ³   pins 5 and 9
       ³    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´Col 2                     ³
       ³                   3³Col 1                     ³
       ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

     On a trimline type phone it is easiest to make all connections to the solder
side of PCB.  Be sure you have identified the pins on the IC correctly before
you start soldering.  Now, solder the wire from the keypad to the middle tab of
an SPDT switch.  Solder the wire from pin 9 to one side of the switch and the
wire from pin 5 to the other.  The modification is now complete.  For normal
DTMF tones the switch simply connects the keypad to pin 5, the column 3 pin.
For silver box tones, the switch connects the previously unused pin 9, the
column 4 pin, to the keypad.  The keys 3, 6, 9, and # now become A, B, C, D
respectively.
     Before you put everything back together double-check your work.  Toggle
the switch and make sure all the tones work.  Make sure the wires you
installed don't cause any shorts.  Lastly, find a place to securely install
the switch.
    Another modification if the above modifications won't work on any of your
phones you can do on a product sold by Radio Shack.  Their "economy pocket tone
dialer" ($15.95) uses a 5087 chip and can be converted for silver box tones.
The same product can be used to make a nice red box, more on this in the
future! The modification uses three wires and a switch, as before.  Once
completed, you will have a nice portable 16 tone DTMF generator.
     The first step of this modification is to remove the PCB.  Carefully
pop off the back of the unit and remove the power switch and the six screws
in the PCB.  You may also want to remove the keypad and the keys.  Now look
at the keypad side of the PCB (not the component side).  Cut the trace
going from pin 5 of the IC column 3 of the keypad.  This is the most
outermost of the three traces going from the IC to the keypad.  Now the switch
must be installed.  Find a tinned round pad marked C3 in the upper left of the
component side of the PCB and solder a wire from here to the middle tab
of an SPDT switch.  This switch must be a very small toggle or slide switch.
Also on the component side, solder a wire from pin 9 to one side of the switch
and a wire from pin 5 to the other.  As before, be sure to identify the pins
correctly.  There is room to install a switch inside the enclosure in the
gap to the left of the diode at the top of the PCB.  As usual check for
shorts caused by the wires or the switch.  The switch will operate exactly
as described in the previous modification.
   Now what can you do with a silver box?  A silver box isn't a toll avoidance
device like a blue or red box; it is another tool with which to explore
the phone system.  And that means you have to do the experimenting.  Try
beeping silver box tones into voice messages systems, cellular VMS, test
exchanges, loops, pay phones, 10NXX and 950 numbers, answering machines,
MILnet ports, etc... Try a silver box tone or two down your local exchange or
through different long distance carriers.  If you experiment and keep records
you will discover something interesting.
   Call directory assistance (eg. XXX-555-1212).  While it is ringing,
hold down the "D" key on your silver box.  This will disconnect you from
the operator and put you into the ACD (Automated Call Distributor).  If
you are successful you will hear a pulsing dial tone.  From here you have
ten selections to choose from your telephone's keypad.
1. Rings the toll test board.
2. Sometimes dead circuit, sometimes milliwatt test.
3. Sometimes milliwatt test, sometimes 1000hz tone.
4. Dead Circuit.
5. Dead Circuit.
6. Loop - low end.
7. Loop - High end.
8. 600 ohm termination.
9. Dead Circuit.
10.Dead Circuit.
   The loop is very useful.  To use the loop, have someone call the same
directory assistance number you will be using and press 6, which will put
him on the low side of the loop.  You then call the same number and press
7 for the high end of the loop and you are connected!!
   Next month we will have an in-depth article on Beige Boxes! Tell us about
anything you find with the Silver Box, everyone will love the info!!





                            ASKI phile #8
                        FCC ATTACKS MODEMERS!


  |--------       /------------
  |             /   /----------
  |            |  /       --       THE FCC HAS ATTACKED THE MODEM COMMUNITY!!
  |------------| |    |  |
  |            | |    -- - --
  |            | |       |  |                We must phight back!!
  |            |  \    --
  |             \   \----------
  |               \------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        In a move that has shocked the modem community, the FCC has launched
another price battle against the SysOps!!! New rules will increase the
telephone costs for "information services providers" by 300%!!!!!! The
following are 3 files downloaded from Compuserve concerning this situation. It
is unclear from these files whether these new rules will affect only online
services, online services and pay BBSs, or ALL BBSs, but whatever the case, I
would recommend sending in the letter below! State that you are a member of
ASKI at the end of your letter whether you are one or not. We need to act fast
on this, so there is no time to round up some members and make a formal members
only action against the FCC. Hopefully we will defeat this ruling before it
comes into effect.

PHILE #1--

FCC ACCESS CHARGES(FREE)

THE FCC IS ONCE AGAIN CONSIDERING ACCESS CHARGE PROPOSALS THAT COULD
INCREASE COMPUSERVE'S COSTS FOR LOCAL ACCESS 


In July 1991, the Federal Communications Commission adopted rules
which could increase by up to 300 percent the price of local
telephone lines which employ new network features and which are used
by information service companies like CompuServe to provide its
services to customers. In addition, at least one FCC Commissioner
recently suggested that the Commission likely would reexamine
whether various "modem fees" or "modem taxes" ought to be imposed on
all information services.  Consideration of any proposed "modem
tax" would revive proposals made back in 1987 and 1989 to impose
usage-sensitive common carrier-type access charges on information
service companies.  It is important that you understand the genesis
of the FCC's latest rules, and how you can help to fight back. 

THE FCC'S PRICE INCREASE PROPOSAL WAS ORIGINALLY DEFEATED IN 1987
THANKS TO THE EFFORTS OF COMPUSERVE MEMBERS LIKE YOU 

The ability of CompuServe to offer advanced information services to
its members on a reasonably-priced basis is dependent upon being
able to obtain cost-based access to local telephone lines.  To
date, information service companies have been able to use
non-usage- sensitive local business lines, obtained from the local
telephone company's state tariffs, for distributing their on-line
information services to customers.  Under this arrangement, 
CompuServe has been able to provide its customers with hundreds of
services at affordable prices that promote widespread usage. 

However, you may recall that in 1987 the FCC issued a proposal
which, if adopted, would have required information service providers
(ISPs) like CompuServe to abandon their flat-rated, state-tariffed
access arrangements.  Instead, ISPs would have been required to pay
usage- sensitive common carrier access charges, which were
originally designed solely to be paid by long distance companies. 
After a massive letter writing campaign by CompuServe members, the
FCC decided not to adopt its carrier access charge proposal. 

WHY YOUR HELP IS NEEDED NOW 

CompuServe and other information service providers have filed
petitions with the FCC asking the agency to reconsider its July 1991
access charge decision.  Congress also may consider legislation
shortly which would prevent the FCC from imposing usage-sensitive
carrier access charges on information providers as a condition of
obtaining new network features. 

CompuServe believes that cost-based access to advanced telephone
network functionalities and features will be crucial in bringing the
"Information Age" to all consumers.  Members like you can help
assure that the federal government does not impose what in effect
are enormous financial penalties on information service providers
and their members simply for attempting to use advanced network
functionalities and services. 

We have drafted a suggested letter to various United States Senators
which objects to the FCC's new access charge rule and any new "modem
tax" proposal, and asks the Congress to pass legislation which would
once and for all prevent the FCC from imposing any usage-sensitive
common carrier access charges on information service providers.  
Please write to the indicated members of Congress, and send copies
to FCC Chairman Alfred Sikes and the other FCC Commissioners.  With
your help, we can convince the FCC to change its mind regarding new
ONA access charge rules which would only hurt the ability of
CompuServe to provide consumers with advanced information services
at reasonable prices. 

PHILE #2--

                       
FCC ACCESS CHARGES(FREE)

Please note that it is important for you to personalize your letter
as indicated.  Your message will be more effective if it is not
perceived as simply a form letter, but instead gives your individual
reason for opposing modem fees. 

SUGGESTED LETTER TEXT 

    Dear Senator _____________: 

         I have read that an FCC Commissioner has stated that the 
    FCC may look once again at whether the FCC should require 
    CompuServe and other information services to pay usage-sensitive
    carrier access charges or "modem fees" for the local telephone 
    lines they use to distribute their services to customers.  If 
    such higher fees for using local telephone lines were to be 
    imposed and passed on to information service subscribers, this 
    likely would have the effect of severely curtailing the use of 
    information services just as the mass market for such services 
    is beginning to develop. 

         I urge you to pass legislation which would prevent the 
    imposition of any new usage-sensitive carrier access charges or 
    "modem fees" on information services.  The legislation also 
    should allow CompuServe and other information service providers 
    to use new and more efficient technologies without having to 
    become subject to higher access charges. 

    [At this point: 

              State that you use CompuServe and other information 
              services and describe how you use them; 

              State that you will curtail your use of information 
              services if the FCC's access charge rules cause price 
              increases.] 

         Thank you for your consideration. 

                             Sincerely, 


PHILE #3--

                       
FCC ACCESS CHARGES(FREE)

ADDRESS INFORMATION FOR RECIPIENTS 

The letter should be sent to the following members of the Senate
Communications Subcommittee.  A copy of the letter may also be sent
to Congressman Edward Markey, who is Chairman of the House
Telecommunications Subcommittee.  In addition, a copy of the letter
should be sent to the FCC Commissioners. 

Letters to Senate members may be addressed to: 

 The Honorable _________________ 
 United States Senate 
 Washington, D.C.  20510 

 Senator Lloyd Bentsen 
 Phone:  202-224-5922 
 Fax:   unpublished 

 Senator John Breaux 
 Phone:  202-224-4623 
 Fax:   202-224-4268 

 Senator Conrad Burns 
 Phone:  202-224-2644 
 Fax:   202-224-8594 

 Senator James Exon 
 Phone:  202-224-4224 
 Fax:   unpublished 

 Senator Wendell Ford 
 Phone:  202-224-4343 
 Fax:   202-224-0046 

 Senator Albert Gore 
 Phone:  202-224-4944 
 Fax:   202-224-0580 

 Senator Slade Gorton 
 Phone:  202-224-3441 
 Fax:   202-224-9393 

 Senator Ernest Hollings 
 Phone:  202-224-6121 
 Fax:   unpublished 

 Senator Daniel Inouye 
 Phone:  202-224-3934 
 Fax:   202-224-6747 

 Senator John Kerry 
 Phone:  202-224-2742 
 Fax:   unpublished 

 Senator John McCain 
 Phone:  202-224-3004 
 Fax:   202-224-8938 

 Senator Bob Packwood 
 Phone:  202-224-5244 
 Fax:   202-224-2050 

 Senator Ted Stevens 
 Phone:  202-224-3004 
 Fax:   202-224-2354 

 Representative Markey 
 Chairman, Subcommittee on Telecommunications and Finance 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 2133 Rayburn House Office Building 
 Washington, D.C.  20515 
 Phone:  202-225-2836 
 Fax:   202-225-8689 

 Chairman Alfred C. Sikes 
 Federal Communications Commission 
 1919 M Street, N.W., Room 814 
 Washington, D.C.  20554 
 Phone:  202-632-6600 
 Fax:   202-632-0163 

 Commissioner Andrew C. Barrett 
 Federal Communications Commission 
 1919 M Street, N.W., Room 844 
 Washington, D.C.  20554 
 Phone:  202-632-7116 
 Fax:   202-632-5168 

 Commissioner Ervin S. Duggan 
 Federal Communciations Commission 
 1919 M Street, N.W., Room 832 
 Washington, D.C.  20554 
 Phone:  202-632-6996 
 Fax:   202-632-5171 

 Commissioner Sherrie P. Marshall 
 Federal Communications Commission 
 1919 M Street, N.W., Room 826 
 Washington, D.C.  20554 
 Phone:  202-632-6446 
 Fax:   202-632-5172 

 Commissioner James H. Quello 
 Federal Communications Commission 
 1919 M Street, N.W., Room 802 
 Washington, D.C.  20554 
 Phone:  202-632-7557 
 Fax:   202-632-5173 



        Please, sending hate mail or prank calls/faxes is not the way to go
about this. It will only hurt our situation. Send in the letter proposed above
(With the addition of stating that you are a member of ASKI, and stating that
ASKI is a group of users who are fighting for modemer's rights and interests.)
to as many people as you can. If we loose this battle it could very well mean
the end of modeming as we know it!!!!!!!!!!!



                            ASKI Phile #9                        C
                                                                 o
                                                               Virus
                                                                 n
       Many people have asked, why publish info on viruses??     e
In fact, there is a growing amount of bad publicity going        r
around about my board because of the fact that it carries
virus related info (not that it is hurting me any hahahaha)!!
One guy actually called up, leeched almost 60 files off me,
and then proceeded to bitch on other boards about it and began
telling people not to call!! I have had enough of this shit so
I am going to explain it right here and now. Virus info is VERY
interesting, knowledge about viruses can help you defend yourself,
and if this information is suppressed, new defences will never be
found!!!!!!! Also, if this info becomes main stream, someone might
figure out how to use these things to increase productivity! Sure,
there will be little fagots who run around, spreading these things,
but the same is also true with AIDS!! Why should computer virus info
be suppressed, when AIDS, a virus that is 100 times more problematic
than, say, the stoned virus, is talked about openly??? Knowledge
is your best line of defence. Know thy enemy...


IMPORTANT NOTES TO EVERYONE!:
        There are at least 2 confirmed copies of Scan90 floating around
with viruses in the code!! I would recommend that NO ONE DLs THIS FILE!!
There is also a copy of WOLF3DCHEAT with a nasty trojan in it! As
always, SCAN EVERYTHING YOU DOWNLOAD!!!!!!!!!!

Subject: COMMENT:  MarketPlace Article Increases Paranoia
From: sophist (Phillip McReynolds)
Message-ID: <k8mmkB1w164w@brainiac.raidernet.com>
Date: Mon, 11 May 92 15:38:55 CDT

MarketPlace Article Increases Paranoia, Impedes Networking, &
     Is Based on Ignorance [Commentary on FILE 3 (BRAIN1.1)]

by sophist

     So what was the point of "Computer Viruses Are Really Dangerous?"
The conclusions drawn in the piece by Bill Zeeble of APR's _MarketPlace_
radio show (May 9, 1992) seem to be the following:

     o    Virus writers are a public menace and could endanger people's
          health, not just their computers

     o    You should avoid trading software or downloading it off of
          public networks (including BBSes)

     o    You should be paranoid whenever connecting with a public
          computer network (or BBS)

     o    You should only buy Commercial ($$$) Software, especially
          for virus protection.

Are these conclusions valid?  I think not.  Let's examine them.

     While virus writers do generally wreak havoc upon the unwary and I
suppose it is possible that a virus could find its way into a
health-care or hospital system, what it is not mentioned that virus
writers, like all hackers (not just the *bad* kind) are experimenters
and are interested in pushing the limits of technology.  Furthermore a
virus is an excellent way of measuring the level of connectedness on the
net.  Imagine a Bulgarian (sic.) virus-writer's delight at seeing his
program show up on the New York Times computer system in only a matter
of days!  It is only with the advent of the almost-instantaneous data
communications offered by the net that things like computer viruses
really become an issue.  Now certainly destructive viruses are a nuisance,
but with a few simple precautions one can generally avoid them.
More on those precautions later.  Lets first say a few words about
terminology.

     Zeeble didn't do his research when he just started reporting on
viruses.  What he should have called these destructive and
semi-destructive programs was "Trojan-Horses".  A trojan horse program
is one which does something that you didn't expect it to do.  Some
trojan horses are just buggy programs.  Others do deliberate mischief
like slowing your system down and printing "Your computer is stoned" up
on the screen.  A virus is a special type of trojan horse that copies
itself into other programs on the disk.  Not all trojan-horses are
viruses but all viruses are trojan horses.  Another type of
trojan-horses, one that should be of particular interest to net citizens
is a "worm".  A worm is like a virus in that it spreads from system to
system infecting them as it goes, but it differs to the degree that it
is a network phenomenon.  A typical worm is the "Internet Worm" created
by Robert Morris.  This program exploited holes in the security on
Internet systems and sent copies of itself to other machines on the
network, creating literally hundreds of copies of itself on machines
throughout the internet in only a matter of hours.  This worm did not
destroy any data, but it did increase bandwidth on the network to such a
degree that the Internet was effectively shut down while everything was
sorted out.  Even though the worm did no actual damage to the data on
the systems Morris was convicted of computer crime and sentenced to some
odd hours of public service.  Morris did not intend to do any harm, only
to experiment with the net and to exploit security holes that existed
there.  Furthermore, Morris actually did network security people a
service by pointing out severe flaws in net security.

     The main thrust of the article was not evil hackers, however, and
zeeble is to be commended for this.  Rather the point seemed to be that
you should keep your computer as isolated as possible to prevent
infection.  This is just bogus.  A computer is nowhere near as powerful
a tool in isolation as it is when networked with other systems.  Where
would USENET, for example, be today if the UUCP & other networks did not
exist for net traffic to pass through.  Also, it is *not* the case that
you can avoid viruses by only buying commercial software.  The Novell
Netware Encyclopedia program was recently infected and many units were
sold to unsuspecting customers who thought they were safe.  And there
are many other example of supposedly "safe" infected commercial software
being distributed to unsuspecting users.  Not to mention bugs...

     The implication of all this that any self-respecting user should
really take exception to is that we should avoid contact with others,
either by diskette transfer, bbs connection, or packet-switching
network.  The effect of this kind of thinking is to keep us isolated and
to render us helpless and subject to the caprices and excesses of
commercial software manufacturers.  (They call us "pirates", but we
might well call the "bandits" for charging inordinate prices for buggy
software and for being unresponsive to the needs of users.)  While I
doubt that Allen Gwin is on the payroll of a Microsoft or an IBM, his
claim that we should never

          download a virus-disinfectant program from a public bulletin
          board system because it's kind of like sharing a needle...

definitely serves their interests.  The comparison between
free/shareware collecting and drug abuse is absurd, to say the least,
not to mention offensive.  Some of the *best* virus protection software
available is Shareware (e.g. McAffee's Scanv and Cleanv series) and the
shareware concept seems to be the only way to keep up with current virus
developments.  With commercial-ware, you spend on average $30-60 on a
program that is more or less useless in a matter of weeks because of
new strains of viruses.

     Furthermore, the claim that such software is likely to be infected
merely demonstrates the ignorance of the speaker.  Programs like
PKware's zip program provide CRC protection and authenticity
verification that is very difficult to hack.  You can be reasonably sure
of publicly available (free/shareware) virus protection software and of
free/shareware generally if you take the following precautions:

     o    Don't download software from a network or BBS where you've
          gotten infected software in the past.

     o    Always run your shareware through a virus checker program.

     o    Use a CRC-checking program like LZEXE to compress your
          software (after you've scanned it).  That way if any
          code modifying program tampers with it, LZEXE will detect
          the difference in CRC sums and let you know.

     o    Get the latest virus scan/clean software and use it regularly.

     o    Get your shareware from recognized sources like SIMTEL20.
          The moderator at SIMTEL checks all of the software he
          gets for viruses.

     To sum up, the Marketplace article plays into the hands of the
commercial software manufacturers by increasing paranoia about
information/program sharing and instilling a false sense of security
about commercially available software.  While there are some excellent
commercially available virus protection programs out there (Symantec's
Anti-Virus, for example) they generally aren't any better than other
free/shareware version.  The best rule, though, is to generally be aware
of your computer system, what it does, and how it operates.  This is
better than any protection you can buy and while it won't render you
impregnable to the (very real) virus threat, it will give you the
ability to adequately asses the risks and take precautions when
necessary.  And to the lamers out there who just stick the disk in the
drive and play your games or run your spreadsheets, you're probably
getting what you deserve.  Be informed.

                                                       sophist

p.s.

     I am not aware of any inaccuracies in the above-commentary, but
there may well be some.  If so, I do apologize and please let me know.
I'm always ready and willing to learn more.

                                   -end-


                            ASKI Phile #10
                             Phun at OM!!
                                BOOM!!

        My Odyssey of the Mind team needed a neat effect for our skit, so we
did some experimentation with model rocket engines and learned some interesting
things. And thus I bring you: THE MODEL ROCKET SMOKE BOMB!!

        Get a few D sized model rocket engines and rip the paper off.
Crush these up into a fine black power (this is done best in a wooden bowl with
a baseball bat or similar object, DO NOT USE ANYTHING METAL!!!). When lit, the
powder will flare up with a little flame and a BUNCH of smoke. The more powder
the more smoke. NOTE: If you don't crush them up, they will explode when lit.
The amount of noise it produces depends on how you package it. Put it in toilet
paper with just a little tape and it will make almost no noise at all, however,
if you pack it in writing paper and cover it in a few layers of tape, you will
successfully get everyone's attention!! For a cool fireworks effect, you pack
one of these and put it in the coffee can, then fill the can with little pieces
of ripped up paper and light the fuse. When the thing goes off there will be a
shower of flaming paper pieces! The good thing about these is that they are
relatively safe and you can create some neat effects with them, but don't be
stupid. Another thing we used for effect in our skit was dry ice, but after the
skit we had tons of ice left so we made: THE DRY ICE BOMB!!

        Fill the bottom of a gallon milk jug or plastic Coke bottle with dry
ice (DON'T USE TOO MUCH!!!!!) and crush it. Then fill it up with water and cap
it. Put it in an open area and get away. The dry ice will boil and from a gass
that will un-crush the bottle, when the pressure gets high enough the bottle
will explode with a noise that is louder than a gun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It will take
1 to 5 minutes for the bottle, once capped, to blow, so leave it for a good
1/2 hour if it doesn't go off, just to be safe. We did have one go off in one
guy's face with no permanent damage, but he was lucky. HAVE PHUN!!


                            ASKI Phile #10
                               Reviews

        We were pressed for time so there is only one short review this issue,
however, next issue this section will be much larger and will include an
in-depth review of Hacker: The Computer Crime Card Game from Steve Jackson
Games.

  Best hacking portable:  The Handbook by Gateway 2000.
       Weighing in at 2.75 pounds with a 4 1/2 hour battery life
       with 3MB of ram and 40MB of HD space for $1200.  This 286 classed
       performance can come with a mouse, 2400 baud modem (but hell
       why not use the USR Courier v.32bis?), battery pack, portable
       printer and a 3.5" floppy.  I think John Dvorak will love this
       system, the 3.5 drive isn't standard!!!

                            ASKI Phile #12

                         ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                         ºNews from Cyberspaceº
                         ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
                                  By:
                            The White Ninja
                                  and
                               Wild Child


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

MOD BUSTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!
        Phiber Optik, Acid Phreak, Outlaw, Corrupt, and Scorpion, the members
of the hack group MOD (The Masters of Disaster (Deception)), where busted by
the FBI last week. The FBI admits that the bust IS a scare tactic and hopes the
indictments will cause a wide spread drop in hacking (READ HERE: The FBI is
looking to scare the shit out of everyone in the BBSing community, increase
censorship and fear among SysOps, and is going to push for a ridiculously
oppressive sentencing just short of the death penalty.). Among the crimes the
defendants (victims?) are accused of are a number of cases in which the systems
where completely destroyed!!!! One case listed was the destruction of nearly
all the data in the Learning Link computer run by the Educational Broadcast
Corp., WNET (NY). Apparently the message left on the system to the SysOp was
"Happy Thanksgiving you turkeys, from all of us at MOD." First off, the
language used in this statement is EXTREMELY odd for a bunch of teenagers!!! I
would expect something like "PHUCK YOU!!" When was the last time YOU heard a
teenager call someone else a "Turkey?" GIVE ME A BREAK!!!!!!!!! Also Phiber
Optik has spoken out MANY times AGAINST destruction of data on computers (see
related story below). It hurts the SysOp, it gives hackers a bad name, and it
destroys the information so that no one else can learn from it! An action of
this kind would be quite out of character for that group. Another important
note, the FBI stated that they have been investigating this case for 2 years!
THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE THE BUST THE MINUTE THE FIRST LAW WAS BROKEN!!! They
waited for the group to cause even more damage so they could get a bigger
sentence! THEY WOULD PREFER A BIG BUST ON THEIR RECORD THAN AN ONLINE COMMUNITY
FREE FROM HACKERS!!!!!!! They also waited until the youngest member of MOD had
turned 18! Why? So they could ALL be tried as adults! Mike Godwin of the EFF
stated "This whole indictment could very well be an attempt to frame some
people who the authorities believe glorify hacking." The authorities refuse to
release ANY information as to who they worked with in the investigation of
these crimes. I expect to hear a GREAT DEAL more about this in the coming
months. We'll keep you posted...

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Piracy and Humility:
      The FBI and the SPA raided the Davy Jones Locker BBS of Millbury, Mass.
last month. BJL BBS was allegedly distributing more than 200 various pirated
programs. This was the first time the government has raided a BBS for piracy.
Mike Godwin of the EFF has stated that there isn't much BBS based piracy,
and many believe that this will prove to be more of a scare tactic than a
deterrent to crime. However, Ken Wasch of the SPA stated that many raids are
being planned and the SPA will begin concentrating on pirate boards. The SPA
has not yet decided whether it will prosecute those who DLed the warez. We will
keep you posted as to how this story develops.
      In related news, we attempted to contact our favorite Humble Guy in
Nashville this week but we have been informed that he has skipped the country.
Candyman, of Candyland BBS, is being hunted by our finest in the USA.
As someone famous probably said one day: "This is only the beginning..."

                        ¨Quien haste este noche?

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Mr. Security meets Cyberpunk:
     Phiber Optik makes it big in this month's issue of PC Computing.
On one side of the table sits Donn Parker, a legendary security expert, and
on the other side sits Phiber Optik, member of the Legion of Doom who was
charged with illegal computer access, fraud, conspiracy in 1990 and has just
recently been busted again by the FBI (see above story).  These men met at
the first Computers, Freedom, and Privacy conference.  The purpose was for
hackers and privacy advocates to meet Feds and system administrators. Weeks
before the conference Phiber Optik's laptop computer was seized by state police
in an investigation started by the Secret Service known as Operation: Sun
Devil.  (Editors note: the following extracts were taken out of a conversation
between Parker and Optik.)
    Parker:  How do you view the ethics of getting into someone's computer
             system?
   P.Optik:  I know what your point of view is because I've read your papers
             and I've listened to you talk.  I know that you think any entry,
             you know, any unauthorized entry, is criminal.
             I can't say I agree with that.  I do agree that anyone who's an
             impressionable teenager, who's on the scene and wants to break
             into as many computers as is humanly possible to prove a point,
             has the potential to do damage, because they're juveniles and have
             no idea what they're doing, and they're messing around in
             places that they have no business being.
             At the time, I was 17 years old and still a minor.  There was no
             way I was going to be able to buy a Unix, a VAX, and my own
             switching system.  These are the systems I'm interested in
             learning how to program. It would not have been possible to access
             this type of computer development environment had I not learned
             how to break into systems.  That's the way I see it.
    Parker:  It seems to me that the people I have talked with that have been
             convicted of malicious hacking, and have overcome and outgrown
             that whole thing have gone into legitimate jobs where there is
             great challenge, and they're very successful.
   P.Optik:  I certainly hope to get a challenging job in computer technology.
             but I just feel that where I live, and the way the school system
             is where I am, it doesn't cater to my needs of wanting to learn
             as much about technology as fast as I want to learn.

     Parker spent the conversation telling Optik to get a formal education and
defending the current school system; Optik wanted to learn at his own speed,
without waiting for the rest of the world to catch up. Parker came off as a
"stick in the mud", while Optik came off as a "Cyberpunk".  Parker wants
hackers to go to school to learn the theory of computer programming and
operating systems at the school's speed, Optik wants people to learn computer
programming and operating systems at their own speed. Both men experts in
there own back yard.  
      Note:  Parker has written "Fighting Computer Crime" and "Crime by
             Computer" for computer ethnics, which has established him
             as the foremost authority on the hacker psyche.  We will
             review his books later.  Phiber Optik has helped write
             Phrack, LOD Journals and referred for technical expertise
             in 2600 magazine.
     Everyone should check out the latest issue of PC/Computing! Phiber brings
up some good points, but the SS man just does not understand!! The only thing I
didn't get was why the article is being printed now. The debate took place at
the 1st Conference on Computers, Privacy, and Freedom, over a year ago!!!!!
And just last month, they published an article on piracy. The CU being fazed
back into the media? Hmmmmmmm...

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

EFF:
     Is Mitch Kapor trying to take over the Internet????  Inquiring minds
want to know!  Mitch Kapor's Electronic Frontier Foundation is well know in
the CU because of it's commendable work in bringing realistic legislation to
Cyberspace. ASKI supports the actions of this organization, but there is
one thing that bothers me, the commercialization of the Internet. The
Internet is one of the few networks that allows free international discussion.
Why commercialize it? I think Al Gore's plan for an international data
freeway system is a better way to bring communications to the masses. This
way it remains free and out of the control of the major cooperation. I
also believe that if the Internet is given to a company, and prices are high,
it will just lead to an increase in illegal hacking. This will be another
area in which kids will be forced to break the law in order to learn. However,
I would like to hear Mr. Kapor's side of this debate. He told Info-world
that it is a natural evolution for the network, WHY? Why commercialize the net?
What benefits would be wrought from such an action that would be impossible
under government control? If Mr. Kapor, or anyone in the EFF would please
come forward and answer these questions, we would be happy to hear you out.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

FBI and Restrictions:
     The FBI is attempting to put restrictions on digital communication. Their
proposal states that all digital communications systems sold in the United
States should be rigged for federal monitoring.  This isn't the KGB, but the
FBI we are talking about!  Congress rejected two similar proposals in the past
two years.  This proposal is the best FBI has come up with on this issue, so it
is more palatable to legislators. This recent proposal hasn't been presented
yet but the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is already fighting against it.
    If this proposal is passed you will loose your privacy.  The officials of
the FBI dismiss such civil liberties concerns.  They cite a 1968 statute
that allows them to tap standard analog telephone communications.  This
conflicts with the Privacy Act!  If they can't pass the tapping of lines,
then they are going to go after stiff regulations on communications.
No senator supported the FBI's federal-certification plan earlier this
year.  Congress shot down an FBI stipulation in the crime-bill that
vendors provide decryption devices for all the encrypted data sent
over the US networks.
    Please note: "It is a federal crime with severe punishment and/or fines to
1) divulge what you hear to anyone who is not a party to the broadcast;
2) to make use of any broadcast information for your own personal gain;
3) to make use of any broadcast information for illegal purposes or to
commit a crime.  Any such violations may be investigated by the FBI
and prosecuted by the US Department of Justice.
    Lets take these three statues to case: 1) You don't want the FBI listening
in on what you are doing after school/work.  The FBI would have to "divulge"
some of the information to someone.  This is a violation.  2) Everyone
gains in a deal.  The FBI would use this information against you and/or
to counter what they have heard.  This is a violation.  3) The FBI doesn't
make crime they merely enforce the US Code. Yea right!  Who investigates
the FBI when they are bad?  Who would prosecute the US Department of Justice?
I propose no one but "We the People....".

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Companies:
      Lotus is coming out with 123/W (no surprise there) that can handle
neural networking. Why can't they make a communications program that
has neural networking in it? Neural Networking on a LAN! You could keep
adding systems and easily upgrade the power of the compu-mind!! In other
news, Compu-com, the company responsible for the price drop in 9600+ baud
modems is out of business!! No word yet what will be done to fulfill the
service contracts held by Compu-com modem owners.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Local BBSs:
      Gridpoint BBS went down, and The Bomb Squad BBS is going through some
MAJOR changes after a few assorted problems and increasing paranoia among the
SysOps. (Who can blame them nowadays!?!) It will be back up soon with some
new software and some big improvements, but it will be a lot less public.
(ED: It is back up under the name The Fencing Post, but it is still undergoing
many changes. It is now a private BBS. Talk to the SysOp about access.). Keith
Gordon's modems where destroyed in a lightning storm and thus Mondo Gordo will
be down until he can get another modem. BTW Keith Gordon puts out a free print
mag called Rı about Rock & Roll and Cyberpunks, and also 'lectronic Liver, an
electronic mag about socio-political issues. Both are worth checking out!
(MONDO GORDO just went back up as this file went out!) Braniac BBS, well known
for it's Usenet connection and great files section is down due to the fact that
the dude's computer has gone haywire. Hopefully it will be back up soon.
The Baud Walk BBS is also down, someone called my BBS and asked me to post
this here because the person who lives there is sick of getting calls in the
middle of the night!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Copyright law deluted:
        In a shot that will be heard around the computer industry for years
to come, copyright protection of programs has been lessened!!!!!! The US Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Manhattan has ruled that the behavior of
a software program is not copyrightable. It is believed that companies will
again turn to patents and secrecy for protection of software programs. However,
this ruling opens the door for code hackers, some of whom learn new techniques
by studying other peoples work.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

FCC:
        The FCC has given telephone companies to go ahead to transmit video
signals and to produce their own TV shows. This could lead to services such as
interactive cable TV and video phones. BBSing on the tube!? This ruling also
promises to be a booster for ISDN and fiber optics, 2 technologies that will be
a big boost to the power of visiphony.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

ShadowNet and ASKInet merge:
        ShadowNet is a new Nashville area network that is growing fast. There
are many good echos and discussion is getting better every day. Now they have
added TND and ASKI. ASKI is working on adding a few new echos and promoting
the net in Nashville. If you are interested, get online with the net!!
The net nodelist will be listed in ASKInews every month and we will keep
looking for more members. All of you will be interested to know that
Shadow/ASKInet promotes free speech, allows aliases, and does not allow
censorship of messages on the net!!!! All shadownet member boards will
receive this mag every month and will get the ASKI.ANS/ASC/AVT for posting
on their board. (We are still working on the membership package for users, we
will have it ready next issue. We know it will include a T-shirt and access to
ASKI meetings.) Here is the Shadow/ASKInet echo and node list!!!!!

Current Shadowechos:

TagLine:        Description:

CURRENT         Current Events
GENERAL         General Discussion
TESTECHO        Test for new users
SYSOP           SysOps and Co-sysops
MUSIK           Music and Concerts
ELECT           Campaign Elections
AD-D            Role Playing
CPUNK           "
FORSALE         Barter and Trade
STARTREK        ST:TOG ST:TNG ST:TFG
VIRTUAL         Virtual Reality
TIME            Time travel
ELECTRON        Electronics
MOVIES          Think about it.

Echos proposed by ASKI:

MODEMING        BBSing, etc.
WHEELS          WHEELS and BABES!!!!!!!!!!!!
WARES           New files and Technology
SWINGERS        Perversion and Joking
GOVERN          Debate about the Government
1STAMNT         Free Speech
FLAMES          Bitching, Flames, and other shit that pisses you off!
UNDER           Computer Underground discussion
ASKIGEN         ASKI annoucments and general discussion
ASKINEWS        For sending articles to the Editors of ASKInews
GENROLE         General Roleplaying discussion
PHIL            Philsophy
                
Shadow/ASKInet
Nodes online as of 07/01/92

Zone 10: North America, Nashville, TN
  HUB -- Zachary Patten @ 370-4010
Region 900: South East (US of) America (AL FL GA MS NC SC TN PR)
  HUB -- Zachary Patten @ 370-4010
Net 516: Middle Tennessee Area, Nashville, TN --
  HOST -- Zachary Patten @ 370-4010
  HUB -- 1, The Fencing Post, Brentwood, TN, Zachary Patten @ 370-4010
         2, The Edge, Goodletsville, TN, Andrew Greeno @ 851-1772
         3, The Wasteland BBS, Galatin, TN, Randy Jones @ 451-0739
         5, The Ninja's Domicile, Brentwood, TN, Tom Cross @ 370-8805

Talk to The White Ninja or The Fluffy Death Bunny for more info on how to
join the net!!!!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Our PHUCK YOU of the month goes too:
        The Dallas police and related parties who have instated and are
strictly enforcing a 10:30PM curfew for kids under 18. This kind of
unnecessary, discriminatory, and ageist policy really pisses us off. They say
many kids are involved in crime after 10:30, but one could say the same is
true for BLACKS. A 10:30 curfew for all black people would not be any more
disgusting than what these people are doing here!!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

APPLAUSE:
        We would like to applaud Time-Warner for not cancelling Body Count's
controversial LP. LONG LIVE FREE SPEECH!!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

More News:
     Well thats about it for this issue. If you have any rumors or news tidbits
to share, send them to us!!!!! We are looking for more info to improve this
column!!!!!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


                            ASKI Phile #13
                    Coming Soon to a text file near you

     We are already working on the second issue of the ASKI newsletter.
It will consist of Telnet info, scanner frequencies, how to build your
own x.25 Packet Network and more about your rights as Americans.
And last but not least the Anarchy section: Boxes, Bombs, Viruses and
whatever we can distributively think of.




                            ASKI Phile #14
                              Disclaimer

     ASKI, Inc. does not advocate, participate in, or conspire in the
violation of any law--no matter how oppressive, unconstitutional or simply
stupid such law may be.  ASKI, Inc. and the writers and editors of ASKInews do
not take ANY responsibility for the use of the information provided.  Though we
do give credit where credit is due!  ASKI, Inc. does engage in description (for
educational and informational purposes only) of technological processes, and
some of these processes (like manufacturing a death device or constructing
software/hardware) may well require appropriate licensing to perform legally.
Fortunately, no license is needed for the distribution or receipt of
information itself! This information is compiled from various sources and
persons as well as personal experiences of the author, and in NO WAY
implicates ANY person in ANY crime.



                  ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                  ³   Have a happy phreaking day!    ³
                  ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

Quote of the Mag:

        "Congress shall make NO law respecting an establishment of
         religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or
         abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the
         right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
         the Government for a redress of grievances."

PD says:
        "The road to hell is paved with good intentions."
