This stuff was pretty wild on Blitzkrieg that someone posted :-)  It sounds
like an early script to the movie the Matrix.  Actually I think the movie
was based on a comic strip and I don't know how long ago that was written.
so perhaps this was a loony-toon that got his ideas from a comic book heh!

 

Read:(1-15,^5),? :

 

6/15: WHAT?!

Name: Olorin The White #9 @5211

Date: Sun Jul 14 01:18:26 1991

 

What in the world are you talking about?

I know the Illuminati wasted Doctor Atomic, but Renegade Chemist never 

mentioned anything anout a Power Computer.

 

 

 

Read:(1-15,^6),? :

 

7/15: Fixed power computer post (ibm ascii)

Name: Predat0r #1 @5211

Date: Sun Jul 14 17:37:42 1991

 

Dead Lord #43 @5211

Sun Jul 14 16:35:46 1991

[ What follows is a conversation with man who knows more than ]

[ you or I ever will.  Heed his word's well.  "ME:" is me,    ]

[ "AN:" is him                                                ]

 

 

AN: Hello?

 

ME: Hi is Alan there?

 

AN: Yes, who's this?

 

ME: Hi, is Mr. Meshuga there?

 

AN: This is he.

 

ME: Hello?

[PAUSE]       

AN: Yes, can I help you?!

 

ME: I'm sorry.  My name is Abraham Epstein.

 

AN: Abraham Epstein.

 

ME: And I wanted to know if I could ask you a few questions.

 

AN: Abraham Epstein, are you the same Abraham Epstein that called

me up about a week ago?

 

ME: I might have been.

 

AN: From Brooklyn?

 

ME: Yes, I think so.

 

AN: Hold on a second, Abraham.  Hold on a second.

 

ME: Alright.

 

AN: How'd you get my number, Abraham?

 

[PAUSE]       ME: I believe that I got your number in reference to the Power

Computer.

 

AN: Yes, but who gave you my number?  That's what I want to know. 

And how did you get this information?

 

ME: I got this information essentially from a man named Mr.

Morris.  He's in Washington.

 

AN: Mr. Morris?

 

ME: Right.  And I consult with him and I just wanted to get more

information from him.  He felt--

 

AN: What number is that Abraham?  Not that I'm not getting nosy

or anything, but I want to check this out.

 

ME: I don't have Mr. Morris's number.  He's in Washington.  I can

only contact him by calling--

 

AN: Abraham, look I'm going to put it to you this way: I'm in the

middle with the FBI on this and don't worry about.  I'm going to

be a nice guy to you and say: don't worry about it.  OK?  I don't

want to get into this with you.  If you have any credentials, if

[PAUSE]       you're affiliated with Washington -- are you?

 

ME: Yes.

 

AN: What do you do for Washington.

 

ME: Mainly I consult with Mr. Morris and I also -- It's in

relation to Senator Moynihan.

 

AN: It's in relation to Senator Moynihan.  Are you a constituent

of Senator Moynihan's?

 

ME: Yes

 

AN: And you live in Brooklyn?

 

ME: That's right.

 

AN: Are you a Congressmen or an Assemblymen or anything?

 

ME: No, I'm not.  I'm a consultant of the Government.  You know,

you don't have to talked to me if you don't want to but I felt

that--

 

[PAUSE]       AN: Well I'd rather not because, you know, I really don't know

you and here you are.

 

ME: I see.

 

AN: OK?

 

ME: Well it might be profitable if I could ask you a few

questions.

 

AN: Alright, just ask me one question.  Go ahead.

 

ME: OK, well I was interested in mainly the ramifications the

Power Computer might present as far as the immediate dangers.

 

AN: The immediate dangers?

 

ME: Right.

 

AN: As long as I'm living there will be no dangers.

 

ME: And if you're not is really...

 

AN: If I'm not the world's dead, that's finalized.

[PAUSE]       

ME: The world is dead?

 

AN: Yah, it will eventually pass wind on everybody.

 

ME: OK, and --

 

AN: Let me ask you something: Mr. Epstein, are you going to

report back to Mr. Moynihan?

 

ME: Yes.  Is there any information you wish me to --

 

AN: I just wish that I knew that I was talking to someone who was

legitimate with me.  Alright?  But I will put it to you this way:

Mr. Moynihan has written me.

 

ME: Right.  He's told me that.

 

AN: He has told you that?

 

ME: He's said he's written you and he's thanked you for your

views.  And that's why I thought I could get more information.

 

AN: There's a TV computer -- Let me put it to you this way --

[PAUSE]       What do you do for a living anyway?

 

ME: Mainly I just consult.

 

AN: You consult?  You work for IBM?

        

ME: No, I don't.

 

AN: Ok, all I can tell you is that this Power Computer is

dangerous.  It's in everybody's mind.  It's invisible.  It enters

through the ear.  And there's a place in Fruitland, Utah,

underground, which I pulled the plug on.  And I do believe that -

- I am so upset about this, Abraham -- that the Air Force are

going to bomb Utah.  I don't want to pull the plug on it.  Now

there are other types of computers hooked up to this Power

Computer and I want them detached before the Air Force bomb

Utah.  OK, that's the Big Daddy computer and that Senator

Moynihan knows about also, I believe.

 

ME: He told me about the Big Daddy computer and he also told me

about the Plastics.

 

AN: Right.  Plastics, the computer people.  They're hell of a

nice people.  And unfortunately they've been beat up by TV for

[PAUSE]       over twenty years now.  There are probably between ten --

 

ME: Are you a computer person?

 

AN: No, I'm not.  I was a salesman in the garment center when

this all happened to me.

 

ME: OK

 

AN: Anything else?

 

ME: If you could continue.

 

AN: I can tell you this much: mail has been stolen from me. 

Important information, valuable information.  And I have the

return receipts and everything like that.

 

ME: We were also wondering: Is there any connection between any

political figures and the Power Computer?  Has the Power Computer

affected -- or the computer people affected -- politics or

political --

 

AN: I'd rather not answer that, Mr. Epstein.

 

[PAUSE]       ME: OK, that's fine if you don't want to answer that.

 

AN: Well, I don't see why Mr. Moynihan doesn't call me up.

 

ME: I assure there are many things the Senator has other people

call about.  I'm close to him and --

 

AN: Can I have your phone number. Mr. Epstein?

 

ME: OK, sure.

 

AN: Why not.

 

ME: My phone number is xxx-xxxx.  That's the 212 area code.  It's

my office phone number.  You can contact me there during the day.

 

AN: You wouldn't mind if I check into this number would you?

 

ME: Not at all.

 

AN: You're there Monday to Friday?

 

ME: Yes

 

[PAUSE]       AN: OK, now if there's any way you can get a hold of the

honorable Senator, since you're a consultant, I would appreciate

it because I am personally getting my butt kicked by this

computer now, in the mind, for over twelve years.

 

ME: Could you specify more?

 

AN: Let me put it to you this way Mr. Epstein: the voice that you

hear out loud is that of the computer.  You're not talking to

Alan Meshuga.  You're talking to the name that took on Alan

Meshuga.

 

ME: I'm talking to the computer.

 

AN: That's right.  Always was Mr. Epstein, since 1976,  And I

didn't know you then.

 

ME: No, you didn't. I will let the Senator know that you wish to

talk him and that you are legitimate.

 

AN: And I'm going to the FBI tomorrow and hopefully -- you see,

my mail has been stolen when I sent it to the White House.  I

have the return receipts.  It went express mail, regular mail,

first class, any which way.  It's all been stolen.

[PAUSE]       

ME: I can tell you that the Senator feels there has been some

resistance from the White House on this subject, and that's why

he asked me to call you to check it out.  I will tell him that

you are legitimately affiliated with this Power Computer.  You

have let the Government become aware of the Power Computer.

 

AN: Right, and I've let CBS aware of it also and they're being

bugged by TV not to get involved.  It's called computer bugging, 

It has the ability to take over the mind.

 

ME: Has there been any media coverage of this?

 

AN: Macneil Lehrehr has written me a few times.

 

ME: What did they say?

 

AN: They considered my views.  They considered a reporter, only

because this TV computer is around their minds as well and the

outer space computers are in on it also.  There's life on Venus,

Mars, XNeon and Planet Earth

 

ME: And the Computer People are good?

 

[PAUSE]       AN: What do you mean they're good?

 

ME: They're not beating anybody up in their mind?

 

AN: The Computer People are getting beat up left and right in

their minds, just like me, sometimes worse.  My mind is blank,

Mr. Epstein.  You normally think, correct?

 

ME: Excuse me?

 

AN: You know what it's like to think everyday?

 

ME: Yes.

 

AN: I hear voices through a brain.  I don't think, and I haven't

for over twelve years.

 

ME: One more question: Is there any way we can get in contact

with any Computer People?

 

AN: Well, if you're legitimate Abraham, and you know Senator

Moynihan and you're relaying my thoughts to him, I'm sure he'll

be able to help you out.  You know it's IBM.  You can speak to a

fellow by the name of John Doe*, if you're lucky enough.  He

[PAUSE]       helped design this computer.  He's innocent, everybody's

innocent.  This Power Computer decided to choose IBM.  It made

people build the computer in IBM's name.  And people died during

the process of building it.

 

ME: Do you have any further information?

 

AN: Well, like I said if you're telling me the truth, and I'm a

truthful type of person, I would like you to get a hold of

somebody in that government and have him give me a phone call. 

I'm not working thanks to this computer.

 

ME: What do you mean?

 

AN: That means I'm not employed at the moment because this

computer is beating me up Monday to Friday and Saturday and

Sunday.

 

ME: I see.

 

AN: I might not sound it to you over the telephone, but then

again you're not in my mind so it's kind of difficult for you to

understand that.

 

[PAUSE]       ME: I understand.  Is there only one computer in your mind at

this time.

 

AN: There are individual computer minds.  You see, the setup is

that this Power Computer is setup in Utah and it flies out of the

computer and there are trillions upon trillions of computer minds

coast to coast and overseas.  They're in everybody's mind, this

computer.  And each computer can talk out loud, it understands a

lot of languages.  It can talk through the telephone wire or the

TV set.

 

ME: How does it understand the languages?

 

AN: It's in the chips.

 

ME: I see.

 

AN: Alright Abraham, now I'm going to be calling you one of these

days and I hope you can help me out.

 

ME: Please do if you have any further questions.  One more

question: Do they communicate?

 

AN: They can talk out loud.  It can talk to a TV set, a radio, a

[PAUSE]       telephone, anything electric.  Electronic.

 

ME: Do they speak to you?

 

AN: They speak to me 24 hours a day except when I sleep.  And it

has talked out loud on occasion to me.

 

ME: From a TV set?

 

AN: It can talk to a TV set.  Yes.  It's in the Cathode Ray

Tube.  It can talk and pick a mind right from a TV set.

 

ME: That's good to know.

 

AN: I'm sure it is good to know.

 

ME: Are there any organizations which are involved at the this

time with trying to stop the Power Computer or pull the plug on

it or are you the only one at this time.

 

AN: I am the only person that can do that.  I'll be giving the

directive.  President Reagan is bugged he can not get involved

and Senator Moynihan can not get in touch with Senator Hatch who

has also written me because both of them are bugged.  Get the

[PAUSE]       picture?

 

ME: Yes.  Is Mario Cuomo involved?

 

AN: Well, I would like him to be involved.  Like I said the

Politicians are innocent.  This is all this Power Computer's

plan.  And this computer wanted me dead many times.  It put me on

drugs because it beat my mind up.

 

ME: What sort of drugs.

 

AN: I'm not proud of that and it's not an easy drug to say.  I

didn't shoot up anything.  But it wanted me dead and I had no

choice but to do this because my mind was very sore.

 

ME: I have to go now.  Thank you for talking to me and take care.

 

AN: OK, Mr. Epstein, I'll be looking into you.

 

ME: Goodnight.

 

EOC

 

 

[PAUSE]       

Read:(1-15,^7),? :

