
  Hey there,

   Finally I shall be working on the end of my story called "Story", I
   really couldn't think of a name for it, but it's good enough the way
   it is right now, don't you think? :)  Without furthur ado, here is
   the finalÇ.


  (=-------------------------- FINALê -------------------------------=)


                               ﬂ€ﬂ
                       CHaPTeR  €  CHaPTeR
                               ‹€‹

              CaTHeReNe THe oK TaLKS WiTH THe WoRLD


   "Hmmm... what's this?  It looks really great to eat!"

   "NO!  You stinking idiot, that's not food, it's a beverage, and lucky
   for me too, I'm rather parched."

  And with that, Erin (Who's nickname is 'world', but not that it
  matters to you as of now.) drank the fabled bubble liquid of Scab-land
  in two gulps as Catherine the "Ok" looked on.

  "BUUUUURRRRRRRP!!!  Oh, that didn't taste too good, but at least it
  got rid of my heart burn.  Hmmm... I feel very funny right about now,
  sorta like when we climbed the ropes in gym class."

  "You're not very nice, do you know that?"

  "And you're not very bright.  Get outta of my face, we have to find
  someplace to sleep.  I'm not feeling so well, I've got these pains in
  my side.  My aunt had the same problem about a year ago, we never
  found out what it was, I sure hope it's not contagious.  Oh well...
  you should see my mother's new hair do, she had it done about a week
  ago......"  (I decided to spare you the ´ hr. monolouge that she tends
  to do, I'll give you the basic gist of it.  She went on and on about
  various subjects, very boring indeed.  She ended it with something
  about a rash.)

  "Gosh, I sure do hope that I don't get a rash like that one in the
  future.  Did you ever get a piece of food caught in your teeth?  That
  really gets to me." replied Cathy after a ´ hr nap.

  "Yes dear, whatever you say."

  Very abruptly, a 2,000 megaton nuculear warhead materialized above
  their heads and detonated, for no reason whatsover other than the fact
  that the plot was going absolutely nowhere and needed a jump start.

  Since the bubble liquid had magical properties, it wasn't vaporized in
  the explosion.  Instead it just landed on the ground and settled there
  for the next 500,000 years undisturbed from living creatures for the
  radiation level was way too high.  In this time, the bubble liquid
  grew and grew into fantastical proportions and was the size of a
  rather large lake.  New forms of crystaline life started to grow and
  mutate into other forms until the lake was teeming with life of all
  kinds.  Around the 250,000th year, the first forms of life started to
  leave the lake and become land bound creatures.  The radiation had no
  effect on them for they were grown in that level of ratiation and
  thrived in it.  When the first humanoid creatures developed (evolution
  took place at an accelerated rate for some reason in the radiation)
  the human race was long gone and the crystaline humanoids ruled the
  earth, and gently took care of it.  Everything was nice and fine until
  the alien invaders from the planet Xorplastico˝ decided that they
  needed another inhabited planet to torture.



                                  ﬂ€ﬂﬂ€ﬂ
                           CHAPTER €  € CHAPTER
                                  ‹€‹‹€‹

                      iNTRoDuCTioN To GeoRGe aND LeNNY




  "George?"

  "Yes Lenny?"

  "Tell me about the Glicks."

  "I just told you that story a bip ago, you allready know it better
  than I do, why don't you tell yourself the story."

  "Because you tell it better, I allways mess it up.  Tell me the
  story."

  "Ok, fine, I'll tell you the freaking story.  When we get up enough
  dough we'll buy ourselves our own planet with a living bubble and we
  can live there for the rest of our lives."

  "Tell me about the Glicks, and how I'll feed them nixal and take care
  of them."

  "Jeezus Lenny, you are a stupid fuck..."



                            ﬂ€ﬂ€ﬂ€ﬂ
                     CHaPTeR € € € CHaPTeR
                            ‹€‹€‹€‹

                              eD!

  Ed was a very strange man, he was never very photogenic nor was he
  ugly or handsome.  Ed doesn't have a face.  Now you may feel that Ed
  is a freak for not having a face.  Well, to tell you the truth, he is
  a freak.  No one told Ed that he was a freak for he was supreme ruler
  of the cosmos, I don't think anyone in their right mind would call the
  supreme ruler of the cosmos a freak.

  Ed was on his way to completely destroy the 3rd planet from this
  really large yellow sun just for the hell of it.  Later on Ed would go
  into therapy and discover the reason that he felt the urge to destroy
  inhabited planets was because his mummy wouldn't let him have an ant
  farm as a child.  How this is relevant escapes me.  Personally I feel
  that it is because he is a complete jerk, but that's my opinion.  No
  one cares about my opinion, I just sit in the corner and babble and
  babble to myself all day.  I don't babble, do I?  I sure hope not,
  because that would mean more thorazine.  It's a fun drug, but I'm a
  vegatable when I take it.  La te da!!!  I'm a fuzzy fishie swiming in
  the pond of paper amongst the fruit trees...

 [  SORRY, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF THIS STORY HAS GONE A LITTLE TOO FAR  ]
 [  OVER THE EDGE.  WE SHALL CONTINUE WITH THE STYLINGS OF AMERICA'S    ]
 [  FAVORITE WRITER, STEVEN KING.   (This shoud be good.)               ]

  Ed sliped the glove over his hand and picked up the razor sharp piece
  of metal with the full intent of making his mother scream for mercy
  before he killed her.

 [  SORRY, THE SECOND AUTHOR OF THIS STORY HAS ALLREADY GONE TOO FAR    ]
 [  OVER THE EDGE.  WE SHALL CONTINUE WITH THE LITERARY GENIUS OF YOUR  ]
 [  NEIGHBOR'S LITTLE KID.                                              ]

  ed toook the spaise ship two the moon.  he licked it therer.  he
  wunderd if he kood play in the sand lik i want too.  ed tok sum kandy
  into his room and eated it all up.  his mum told him that it wuld mak
  him sik so he kiled her.  THE END

 [  SORRY, THAT ISN'T THE END OF THE STORY.  TIMMY GOT TIRED OF TYPING  ]
 [  SO HE JUST ENDED IT.  LITTLE BASTARD, HAS NO ATTENTION SPAN, JUST   ]
 [  LIKE MOST PEOPLE I KNOW.  WE CONTINUE WITH THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR.     ]

  'Bout time!

 [  DREADFULLY SORRY, BUT YOU WERE A LITTLE OVER THE EDGE.              ]

  Oh, my bad.  I'll try to keep myself on line from now on.

 [  OK, NO HARD FEELINGS?                                               ]

  No, no hard feelings.

  As you might have allready guessed, Ed killed his mother.  Not in the
  way or reason given before.  Ed just stubed his toe and felt really
  bitchy about it.


                            ﬂ€ﬂ€ﬂﬂﬂ€ﬂ
                    CHaPTeR  €  € €   CHaPTeR
                            ‹€‹‹‹€‹‹‹

                      PReLuDe To a CHaPTeR V


  We go back to the bubble liquid lake.  It found other bubble liquid
  lakes around the world and by mental telepathy joined itself with the
  other lakes and formed one global consiousness.  This basically made
  the planet one of the larges sentient beings in the universe.  Boy,
  was Ed in for a surprise!


                             ﬂ€ﬂﬂﬂ€ﬂ
                     CHaPTeR   € €   CHaPTeR
                             ‹‹‹€‹‹‹

                    eD MeeTS THe BuBBLe LiQuiD


  As Ed neared the planet, he noticed that instead of it's normal green
  appearance it was more of a techicolor effect across the surface.  He
  bugged out on the patterns for a while before the sun went down and
  the planet sucked him and his shuttle craft down.  Ed was allmost
  instantly digested, but he gave the bubble liquid really terrible gas
  which destroyed it.  The first time the planet passed some wind it
  caught flame from the sun and destroyed the entire solar system.



  MORAL: STORIES WITHOUT MUCH OF A PLOT TEND NOT TO GO ANYWHERE AND ARE
         REALLY REALLY HARD TO WRITE.


   (=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)(=-*-=)

  So much for the story, hope you enjoyed it.  I know that it took me
  too damn long to finish it up and the ending sucked, but that's ok,
  I'm not doing this for you but just to keep the boredom away.  :)


  Care to be a writer for THO?  Call up The Asylum at 9o8-914-9318 and
  hold on the the NUP of I LOVE FEDS.  Tell 'em that Pip the Angry Youth
  sent you and you'd like to be a writer for us.  Or you could NetMail
  me at the GODnet address of 143/143:1.  Thanks and see you later.

    Peace,
      Pip the Angry Youth
        [THO/GaRK?]
