













                                 C A L N E T  

                          Policy and Procedures Guide

                                   Draft 1.0

                                 June 8, 1992



                                  Chapter 1                          Page 1

                                  OVERVIEW



     Objective


    We (The CALNet Network) have no intentions of trying to replace or
    compete with any of the other existings networks. We (The CALNet Network)
    only want a means of communicating directly with other BBS Sysops in the
    local area and the state to further enhance the "Free Expression of  
    Ideas" in a friendly and non-invasive manner.

    This document is an attempt to describe the procedures which will be used
    to develope and manage The CALNet Network (CALNet).

     Background

    CALNet is an attempt to provide the BBS System Operators (SYSOPS)
    with the tools to connect into a Network of other Bulletin Board
    (BBS) SysOps within the state of California, we have no plans at
    this time to expand beyond the state borders.

    CALNet will not try to re-invent the wheel.  We will adhere to most of
    of the standards that International FidoNet Association has already
    adopted and implementated into their network.  This is done to make use
    of the existing software and to foster compatibility. 


     Definitions

    CALNet nodes are grouped on several levels.  These are as follows:

       Nodes:   A node is a single Net address, and  is  the  smallest
                recognized unit of the Net, at this time.

        Nets:   A net is a  collection  of  nodes, there will one net
                in each area code. Large metropolitan areas may also
                contain several HUB systems.

        Hubs:   Is another Net within an existing Net.  For all intents
                Hubs are the same as Nets and therefore, all that
                applies for Nets ... also applies for Hubs. (Hubs will
                be used in large metropolitan areas.)

     Regions:   A  region is a geographic area containing 1 or more
                networks.

       Zones:   A Zone is a large geographic area containing 1 or more
                Regions. 



                                                                     Page 2



     CALNet:   This indicates the entire mail network, as designed by
                the CAL-NET Network Coordinators and as defined by the
                latest NodeList.


     The Levels of CALNet

     CALNet has developed the following levels of organization:

     The ZONE Coordinator.

        The ZONE Coordinator compiles the master Node List from the
        lists received from the individual Net coordinators. The ZONE
        Coordinator is also responsible for receiving and making mail
        available to the REGION Coordinators.
       

     The REGION Coordinator.

        The  REGION Coordinator is responsible for maintaining the
        list of NETS for his REGION, and for picking up and delivering
        mail from/to the ZONE Coordinator. The REGION Coordinator MUST
        deliver to and pickup mail from the ZONE on a timely basis, at
        least once daily, to insure the timely disemination for mail.

     The NET Coordinator.

        The NET Coordinator is responsible for maintaining the list of
        nodes within his Network. He is also responsible for picking up
        and delivering mail from/to the REGION Coordinator. This also
        must be done on a timely basis.

    These levels act to distribute the administration and  control of
    CALNet to the lowest possible level,  while still allowing for
    coordinated action over the entire mail system.






                                  Chapter 2                          Page 3

                               SYSOP PROCEDURES



    A SysOp of an individual node can pretty much do as he pleases, as
    long as he observes the mail events, is not excessively annoying to
    other nodes on CALNet.

    The Mail Hour is the heart of of any Echo/NetMail network, as this is
    when the network mail is passed between systems. Any system which wishes
    to be a part of a NetMail Network must be able to receive mail at this
    time.  A system which is a member of a network may also be required to           observe additional mail events, as defined by his Net Coordinator.

    Network mail systems generally operate unattended, and place calls at
    odd hours of the night.  If a system tries to call an incorrect or out
    of date number, it could cause some poor citizen's phone to ring in the
    wee hours of the morning, much to the annoyance of innocent bystanders
    and civil authorities.  For this reason, a SysOp who sends mail is
    obligated to obtain and use the most recent edition of the Node List
    as is practical.


    In CALNet the mail hour is observed daily from 04:00 to 05:00, weekends
    included, Pacific Time.


     How to get a node number

    You must first obtain a current NodeList so that you can send mail.
    You do not need a node number to send mail, but you must have one in
    order for others to send mail to you.

    The first step in obtaining a current NodeList is to locate the
    closest CALNet Bulletin Board System to you.

    Once you have a NodeList, you must determine which net or region
    covers your area. If you are unsure of this or there is not one in
    your area send the information to the Zone Coordinator.

    The most recent nodelist can always be obtained from the ZC or the
    nearest RC by FREQing under the magic name CALNODE.








                                                                     Page 4



    Once you have located the net or region in your area, send a request
    for a node number to node one of that net or region.  The request
    must be sent by a NetMail message and must include at least the
    following:

        1) Your name.
        2) The name of your system.
        3) The city and state where your system is located.
        4) The phone number to be used when calling your system.
        5) Your hours of operation.
        6) The modem type and maximum baud rate supported.
        7) NetMail Interface Program. (Front Door, Binkley, Debridge)
        8) Voice number (Internal use only!).

    Your coordinator may want additional information.  If so, he will
    contact you.

    Please allow at least three days for a node number request to be
    processed.  If you send your request to Network Administration, then
    he may forward your request to the Net Coordinator who covers your
    area (if any), which may take longer.



    If your node will be down for an extended period (more than a day or
    two), then you should inform your coordinator as soon as possible.

    If you will be leaving your system unattended for an extended period
    of time (such as while you are on vacation), you should notify  your
    coordinator. Systems do have a tendency to "crash" now and then.






                                  Chapter 3                          Page 5

                          NET COORDINATOR PROCEDURES



    A Net Coordinator has the following responsibilities:

        1)  To receive incoming mail for nodes in his net, and to
            deliver it to its recipients. This mean you have to poll
            the Mail Distribution System to receive your mail.

        2)  To assign node numbers to nodes in his net.

        3)  To maintain the NodeList for his net, and to send a
            copy of it to Membership Services whenever it changes.

        4)  To pass along to his nodes the new NodeList and NodeList
            updates.


     Routing inbound mail

    It is your responsibility as Net Coordinator to receive all
    inbound mail for nodes in your net and to forward it to its
    recipients. You are left to your own discretion as to how best
    to accomplish this.

    If a node in your net is routing large volumes of EchoMail, you
    can ask him to either limit the amount of EchoMail, or even to stop
    routing his EchoMail completely. The design of EchoMail is such that
    it is a simple matter to do either of these.  Or they can break off
    out of your network.

    Assigning node numbers

    It is your responsibility to assign node numbers to new nodes in your
    net.  You may also change the numbers of existing nodes in your
    net, though you should check with your member nodes before doing
    so. You may assign any numbers you wish, so long as each node has a
    unique number within your net.


     Maintaining the NodeList

     You should attempt to implement name changes, phone number changes,
     etcetera in your NodeList as soon as possible, and to forward the
     revised NodeList to Membership Services whenever a change occurs.

    You should also on occasion send a message to every node in your
    net to ensure that they are still operational. If a node turns
    out to be "off the air" with no prior warning given to you, then you
    can either mark the node as down, place it in the dog house, or remove
    it from the NodeList completely, at your own discretion.










                                                                     Page 7

     Passing along NodeLists.

    As a Net Coordinator you should obtain a new NodeList or update every
    week.  The NodeList update is posted weekly on Fridays. The list will
    be made available to you by Region Coordinator.

    You should pass both of these along to your member nodes as soon as is
    practical after you receive them.  It is also desirable that you make
    them both available for downloading by the general user, but this is
    not required.









                                  Chapter 4                          Page 8

                         REGION COORDINATOR PROCEDURES



    Region Coordinators have the following responsibilities:

        1)  To assign node numbers to independent nodes in the region.

        2)  To encourage independent nodes in the region to join
            existing nets or to form new nets (or Hubs).

        3)  To assign net numbers to nets in the region.

        4)  To compile a NodeList of all of the nets and
            independents in the region, and to send a copy
            the Zone Coordinator whenever changes occur.

        5)  To ensure the smooth operation of the nets within the
            region.

        6)  To ensure that the latest distribution NodeList
            is made available to the Net Coordinators ASAP.


     Assigning Node numbers

    The responsibility to assign node numbers to new nets in the region.
    You may also change the numbers of existing networks in the region,
    though you should check with the respective nodes before doing so.
    The numbers assigned to nets must be within the CALNet Network
    Plan in order for future growth of the region to be possible.

    You should use network mail to inform a new node of their node number,
    as this helps to insure that he is capable of receiving network mail.

    If you receive a node number request from a new node that is in an
    area covered  by an existing net, then you should forward the
    request to the Coordinator of that net instead of assigning  a
    number yourself.

    Encouraging the formation and growth of nets

    One of your main duties as a the Region Coordinator is to promote
    and foster the growth of nets in your region.

    You  should try to avoid having independent nodes in the region
    which are within the  coverage area of a net. There are, however,
    certain cases where a node should not be a member of a net, such
    as a commercial system with a large volume of traffic which would
    clog the net. The resolution of such special cases is left to your
    own discretion.




                                                                    Page 9

    If several independent nodes in your region are in a "clump", then you
    should encourage them to form a network. Refer to the SysOp procedure
    on forming a network for details of what information you should get.

    Note that this does not mean to encourage the formation of trivial
    networks.  Obviously, one node does not make a network.


     Assigning net numbers

    It is your responsibility to assign net numbers to new nets
    forming within your region. The net numbers are assigned by
    referring to the CALNet Network Plan.


     Maintaining the NodeList

    Region Coordinators have a dual role in maintaining the NodeList for
    the region.

    First, you must maintain the list of independent nodes in your region.
    You should attempt to implement name changes, phone number changes,
    and so forth in this NodeList as soon as  possible.  You  should  also
    on occasion send a message to every independent node in your region to
    ensure that they are still operational.  If a node turns out to be
    "off the air" with no prior warning given to you, then you can either
    mark the node as down,  place it in the dog house, or remove it from
    the NodeList completely, at your own discretion.

    Second,  you must receive the NodeLists from the Net Coordinators
    within your region. You should assemble a master NodeList for your
    region every week and send it to the Zone Coordinator no later than
    Zone Mail Hour on Thursday morning. It is suggested that you do this
    as late as is practical,  so as to accommodate any late changes.

    You will need to maintain a set of Node Lists for each net within
    your region, since you cannot count on getting an update from each
    Net Coordinator every week.





                                                                    Page 10
     Overseeing net operations

    It is the responsibility of Region Coordinators to ensure that the
    nets within the region are operating in an acceptable manner. This
    does not mean that you are required to operate those nets; that is
    the responsibility of the Net Coordinators. It means that you are
    responsible for seeing to it that the Net Coordinators within your
    region are acting responsibly.

    It is the obligation of Region Coordinators to maintain direct and
    reasonably frequent contact with the nets in the region. The exact
    method of accomplishing this is left to your discretion.


     Passing along NodeLists.

    Region Coordinators are responsible for obtaining the latest CALNet
    NodeList and making it available to the Net Coordinators within
    your region.  The NodeList is posted weekly on Friday's by
    CALNet Node 49:1/1.

    It is your responsibility  to  distribute these  to  any  Net
    Coordinators in your region as soon as practical after you receive
    them. Method of distribution is left to your discretion.  You  are
    not required to distribute them to any independent nodes in  your
    region, though you may wish to. It is also desirable that  you
    make them available for downloading by the general user, but this
    is not required.






                                  Chapter 5                         Page 11

                        ZONE COORDINATOR PROCEDURES



        The Zone Coordinator is responsible for the following:

        1)  Establishing the Regions within the Zone.

        2)  Maintaining the complete Zone NodeList and making it
            available to the Region Coordinators.

        3)  To ensure the smooth operation of the entire network
            and if necessary to mediate disputes.

        4)  Maintaining the list of available echos (ECHOLIST).

        5)  Encouraging the growth of the NETWORK as a whole.

    Establishing Regions

    The Zone Coordinator establishes the Regions within the Zone.
    The Zone Coordinator can, if necessary, remove and replace any
    Region Coordinator for cause.

    Maintaining the Master NodeList.

    The Zone Coordinator will create and maintain the Zones Master
    NodeList, using the update files received from the Regions.
    This Master NodeList will be published every week on Friday and
    made available to the Region Coordinators.

    Mediating Disputes

    The Zone Coordinator may be called upon to mediate/resolve 
    disputes between Regions, Nets. 

    Maintaining the ECHOLIST

    The Zone Coordinator will be responsible for the creation
    and maintenence of the ECHOLIST. It will be updated as changes
    occur and made available to the Region Coordinators.


                                   Chapter 6                        Page 12

                       CALNet Administration Contacts



                               George Britt
                             Zone Coordinator
                            Membership Services
                             San Francisco, CA  
                               415-564-5623
                            CALNet Node #49:49/0






