                      Sci-Fi N' Monsters Net
                     Conference Discriptions

U.F.O.'s - This net deals with aliens and any unexplained sightings that
        you may have seen or a friend may have seen. If you have tell it
        to us all, and lets rock -N- Roll to the Boogy Eyed man beat.
                       Monitored by: Cory Stevenson

Big Foot - "Hey mom look here, who forgot their tennis shoes?" Yes boys and
        girls it is the conference about that man who smells bad, his breath
        stinks, and there is no shoe that will fit his foot....BIG FOOT!
        This conference deals with the sightings of Big Foot and any 
        questions you might have about this big broot of a hairy dude.

The Neither World - "Mommy, the Boogy Man came out of my closet..." Well
        maybe not out of your closet but, maybe out of the Neither World.
        The Neither World is a conference to discuss the ghosts, and boogy
        men that we have all delt with. So give it a try!

Mystical Places- "My gosh Dr. Jones I think you have found it!!!!!" No it
        is not really Dr. Jones, but a conference based on Mystical places,
        such as Easter Island and Stone Hedge. But those are some of the 
        more famous places, tell us about the one you may have in your home
        town!

Unexplained Happenings - "Why does daddy's head spin like that mommy? And
         what is up with the puking of Pea Soup?" Have you ever seen a
         sight like this? Well if you have tell us about it in this conference          and let every one share in the pea soup!

Vixan Investigations - Ever wonder what is going on over in the house down
         the street, maybe Vampires!!!!! Hey who knows, maybe Lost Boys isn't
         just fictional? well if you know of anything like this, leave a 
         message to Vixan in this conference, they are a team of                        paranormalists who are out to find the super natural!

Net Administration <SysOps Only> - This conference is to keep the SysOps
         up to date about what is going down with the net. Please do not allow          your users to just jump through this conference! It si only for
         the SysOps and Co-SysOps of your boards!

Sci-Movies - This is a conference dealing with Science fiction movies of all
         sorts! Share your memories of Darth Vader, and James T. Kirk with
         everyone. 

Horror Movies - "Danny turn it off! I'm scared!" Remember those scary movies
         when you were a little kid and your old brother would make you watch           them? They don't seem so scary anymore, but hey lets talk about them.          Lets talk about when the Blob ran terror through a little town,
         or when some huge monster ate some little girl. Come on!!!!

The Final Frontier - "These are the voyages of the StarShip......" and...
        "In a Galaxy Far Far away....." remeber these lines? Well that
         is all Science Fiction, along with books such as "A Rinkle in Time".
         That is what this conference is all about, take about Science
         Fiction, and what might be. Spit out your ideas here and listen to             what others have to say! 