
                             INFONET

                A friendlier way to communicate!
  Echo-Mail Conferences Designed for Boards Using QWK/REP Packets!
                    TNET/RNET/QNET Compatible




                      WHERE DID WE COME FROM?
                      
Many of 'us' users have felt that FidoNet and some of "those"
types of echo-mail conferences generally are not very friendly to the
users or sysops.  Sysops in particular are expected to jump through
hoops, change their sleeping schedules, and sacrifice their sanity
in order to participate and become members of these networks!

Also, on some of the other Networks, WE have been amazed at the amount
of mail that has passed back and forth between sysops complaining about
this and that and then this again.  Do you want a change?!  Sure you do!

WE CAN PROMISE YOU that INFONET will offer greater:

1. Sysop Flexibility            2. Consumer Awareness (Working on ads now!)
3. Friendlier Users             4. Marketing Emphasis
5. Ease of Use                  6. Moderator Diplomacy
7. FUN!

WE CAN ALSO PROMISE YOU THAT:

1.)  We Like Spirited Discussions!

2.)  Sysops and Users won't be 'twitted' because they are expressing views 
     that are not popular.  Electronic forums are wonderful melting pots 
     of ideas!

3.)  Our Buy/Sell/Swap Conference welcomes Commercial Ads!  
     Our polls have told us the obvious:  Your users want to read 
     and search through ads that offer quality merchandise.  
     Not only used but new.  Commercial vendors provide the ads 
     that prompt many callers to call your board in search of good deals.
     Don't worry, they are not allowed to leave 1000 line messages.  
     Message lengths are limited to 150 lines - plenty for any ad.


ALSO:

We wanted to take it one step further and establish a marketing 
campaign to highlight InfoNet and its Supporting Bulletin Board
Systems (YOU!) around the country.  All of the Bulletin Board
Systems will need to support the new QWK/REP Packet Standard.
Initially, the bulk of the conferences will be mainstream
interests, to appeal to the majority of your users.


WHERE IS IT BASED?


California Online! has enthusiastically agreed to support INFONET
and act as the National Hub. (415) 898-5416 high speed // (415) 898-2565


ANOTHER REASON WHY WE ARE DIFFERENT:

Would you rather belong to a Messaging System that every sysop in
your town carries, or InfoNet which will be exclusive for one sysop
per calling area?  We think the latter!  Your callers should have
a reason to call YOUR BBS.  Hubs will have a larger exclusive area,
branches a little smaller, and nodes will have their local rights. 
This territorial organization protects the sysops and rewards them
for their support of InfoNet.  For the users, this system will
provide a seamless, efficient, and robust messaging system!


                         OK!  LET"S GO!

Give us a call!  It's as easy as that. (Wondered why you didn't call 
us before?!)   Leave Jim Thornson an e-mail message at California 
OnLine! telling him that you want to echo InfoNet and he'll upgrade 
you that same day to NetSysop Status.  (Please be sure to leave your 
BBS name, number, and other pertinent information.)  
Then, send in the InfoNet.app form. Instructions will be found on the form. 

That's it!    We want you to become an active member right away,
so let us know who you are!


                       CONFIGURATION FILE
                   
Look in the file area for Info1092.zip or Info1192.zip (November'92) 
information packets. We've supplied everything you need to get 
started today! 

We hope you are a little familiar with TNet, etc. and how it works with
your BBS.  If you do have problems with your setup, I will be glad
to help either by voice or e-mail.  


Jim Thornson
California Online!/InfoNet
(415) 898-2565 (2400 3-Lines)  or (415) 898-5416 (14400 v32.bis 2-Lines)

