013193       International TeleCommunications Network
                      (Formerly USTGnet)

                   ITCnet Guidelines Document
                       Approved 05/11/92

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Welcome

I take it that you are interested in The ITCnet network. ITCnet was
formerly called USTGnet and was devoted primarily to Telegard BBS
software packages. USTGnet started in Aug of 1991 and we produced
the first nodelist (called USTGLIST.xxx) by the end of the month.

Since that time USTGnet has grown to over 1350 nodes and is no longer
confined to the United States. We are now in Canada, and Europe.

The USTGnet administration decided to change the name to encompass more
systems and a larger area, because of the network is now INTERNATIONAL
in 3 countries and because Telegard will no longer be produced by Martin
Pollard, but rumor has it that it will indeed be produced again.....
So USTGnet has now been reborn as ITCnet.

ITC net stands for International TeleCommunications Network. ITCnet.
You will still see some signs from USTGnet like the tag name for Telegard

It is still the Primary support network for Telegard software,
over 500 nodes use Telegard alone...athough we do have other software
packages in the network. With the Renegade software package filling in the
majority of the other nodes, We do and will support all software packages.

There are Spitfire,Wildcat,TBBS,PcBoard,RemoteAccess,RoboBBS,Ezycom,TAG,
Opus,QuickBBS,SuperBBS,Simplex,Searchlight,CNet-Amiga...so you can see by this
list we don't care what you run for software....as long as your happy with it,
that is all that counts....

You or your users will never be osterized for the BBS software that you run
of your choice....it is your choice...not mine or anyone else's.

Everyone is welcome, Regardless of your software choice.

As much as we want this net to be free and fun we have to lay
out some Guidelines. Guidelines help you to know better what you can
expect and how you can expect it. They also help to answer some questions
that you might have.

If you decide to join us, that's great.  If not, that's ok to!
We feel we have the most fun and easy to use net in the country.
If you agree then join in and enjoy the messages and communication
with thousands of people around the world.

Read How to apply at the end of this document.


Thank you, Jack Reece
ITCnet International
85:85/0

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           Definitions:


                              <IC>
                     * ITCnet International *
                           Head Quarters
               Jack Reece,The Fantasy Factory, 85:85/0


                         <EZC>   <WZC>
              *  East and West Zone Coordinators *

                  East Coast - 85:85/2, Paul Maner
                  West Coast - 85:85/1, Jack Reece


                             <RC>
                   * Regional Coordinators *

          North Eastern Regional - 85:60/0, Brad Straub    (NERC)
          South Eastern Regional - 85:80/0, Toby Welborn   (SERC)
          North Western Regional - 85:10/0, Raymond Quinn  (NWRC)
          South Western Regional - 85:20/0, Mike Downey    (SWRC)
          North Central Regional - 85:30/0, Eric Kimminau  (NCRC)
          South Central Regional - 85:40/0, Jack Schofield (SCRC)


                         * State Host *

             The system in your state that holds the
                 network address 85:<net>/0.
                     ( like this 85:867/0 )

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     Everyones Responsibilities.


  1.  ITCnet is distributed via the ITCnet
      backbone. ITCnet Echomail/GroupMail/or software
      distribution can not be gated into any other network
      without prior written permission of the ITCnet
      International Head Quarters at 85:85/0.

  2.  Disagreements are bound to occur in any large net or group,
      whenever people get together. We expect that to happen but
      it SHOULD NOT and WILL NOT get personal!

      NO ONE and I mean NO ONE! will flame another user of the net.
      If you must Flame someone...do it in private, direct, netmail.
      And Do not Host/Hub route this type of netmail. If you must
      send it then use your own dime...and send it direct.

      If you are caught getting out of line with flames or other
      immature actions...you could find yourself out of the net.

  3.  Board software, and other Wars will not be tolerated. Period!
      There will be none of this 'Mines better than Yours' here!

  4.  Real names and English is the norm here. Although you may use
      your alias/handle in the sign off signature line of any message.

  5.  All BBS's accepted in to ITCnet must carry the EchoMail
      conferences that are defined in the ITCnet Echolist as
      required. And at present there is only a maximum of 3.
      And that depends upon your position in the net. Maybe only
      one for a node address only.

  6.  No illegal information shall be passed through any area supported
      by this network. This includes, but is not limited to, the passing
      of phone numbers (other than your own), long distance access codes,
      phone phreaking and or willfully causing damage to computers,
      data, or equipment.

  7.  Any sysop who accepts ITCnet echos on their system
      agrees to these few guidelines and the separate rules of
      each echo put down my its moderator. Which will be centered around
      some Generic EchoMail guidelines...see ITCEMAIL.DOC

  8.  Access to anything associated with this network is a privilege,
      NOT a God given right.
      Thus access may be taken away at any time with or without warning.
      Read the guidelines set forth....Ignorance is not a valid excuse.

  9.  ITCnet will not be a Democratic or Politically run network.
      But will be a benevolent Dictatorship! It is Privately owned and
      run network for the users, that is spear headed by one person,
      and assisted by many. For without everyones help, it would fail to
      survive even one day. Although the 'BUCK' does stop at the top and
      all absolute final decisions will come from there.

 10.  ITCnet does NOT condone any form of forced cost recovery programs.
      ....if you want to support the person/system that calls out and
      brings in your mail to you....PLEASE DO. Every Little bit helps.
      That Host/Hub position does create some expense in the form of
      phone charges...

      Your comments in private netmail are always welcomed, and encouraged.
      Any suggestions, improvements, lets us hear from you.

      Lets make this the best net ever.

      Any and all challenges to these Guidelines or moderator
      rules should by netmailed to 85:85/0 in detail and in private
      for review.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Remedies, Explanations, How to's, What for's, and do it this away!


 Special Note:

 Any State Policies, Conference Rules, or other guidlines set forth by
 moderators, State Hosts/Hubs and approved or not approved by the IC will
 in no way interfer with the scope, and direction of this document.

 All systems must comply with any other reasonable guidelines as
 requested by their State Host/Hub or Regional Coordinator. Such as a
 special time to call and poll for mail. Which node number to use for
 polling for mail or sending of mail, incases where someone has multiple
 node numbers...like a State host that is also a hub will have 3 nodenumbers
 and it is very critical as to which nodenumber mail is sent to an polled
 from. So Please adhere to the guidlines...

 All Conferences are in a sense owned by the moderator of that
 conference and in most cases their word is law. All Conference rules will
 be submitted for approval by the IC prior to their implementation.

 No Sysop, Co-Sysop, or user on any BBS shall enter messages
 in any echo base attempting to enforce these guidelines, or any other
 guidelines, conference rules. That is the job of Moderators, State Hosts,
 Regional Coordinators. Zone Coordinators and ME.  And in that order.

 Im sorry to have this sound that way...as we all want to help...but you have
 all seen times when too many people telling " Joe User" that he has to have
 the proper address displayed or not to say something about xyz BBS is
 sometimes a bit too much...besides it only adds to the overall expense of
 of the net...I would much rather read messages that mean something than I
 would read message after message from 8 or 9 sysops telling "Joe User" that
 he or she screwed up...leave that job to those who have choosen to do that
 job...and they will post one message to "Joe User" explaining the proper use
 and provide "Joe User" any help they may require to get the situation
 corrected. And if heavier action is required it will......

                     TAKE PLACE IN NETMAIL ONLY!

 All moderators shall post their respective conference rules once every
 two weeks, preferably on Sundays so that most systems will have them
 available on Monday or Tuesday. With the conference rules posted every
 two weeks, that should make them available to all new users about
 the same time the nodelist comes out.

 Conference guidelines/rules may be posted more often than every two weeks
 if need be...

 Violators of Conference rules will receive 3 warnings from the
 individual conference moderator before their access for that
 conference will be considered for termination.

 The moderators of all conferences are only human and are subject to
 human mistakes just the same as we all are.

 And they will take this into account before issuing warnings.
 Warnings are to be given in such a way as not to belittle or flame
 the offender. There is no need to have a message sound like its
 Yelling when a simple '(user name) you forgot to toggle real names
 please tell the sysop if you are not the sysop, so this can be corrected'
 or 'Please don't use this type of language here....Thank you.'

 Very simple and to the point, and very nicely done..

 Chronic offenders will be removed from ITCnet, at the
 discretion of the State Host/Hub/Regional or Zone coordinator.

 Any policies implemented by the State Host or Regional Coordinator
 must not conflict with policies in this document.

 If you have problems with another node in your network,
 complaints should be sent in NetMail to your Hub/Host. If you do
 not get a response within a reasonable amount of time*, you can
 relay the complaint to the Regional Coordinator. If you don't get
 the situation remedied at that level you can go to the Zone
 Coordinators. And then to the Net HeadQuarters at 85:85/0

 Complaints about State Hosts go to the Regional Coordinator.
 Complaints about Regional Coordinators go to the Zone Coordinators.

 Any removal of a system for policy violation by a moderator, State Host,
 or Regional coordinator must be accompanied by notification to the Zone
 Coordinator with the reasons why. Please Provide Documentation.

          * reasonable amount of time is defined as 14 days.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Hubs

 All Hubs shall Poll their State Hosts for new EchoMail at least
 3 times per week. And make all EchoMail requested by the nodes
 available to those requesting nodes.

 Hubs shall turn on NetMail forwarding from systems in
 their area.

 Hubs are responsible for all nodes within their Hub area.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          State Hosts

 State Hosts should also poll their Regional at least 3times per week
 although daily is perferred....and strongly reccomended.

 State Hosts should receive mail from their respective
 Regional. Please do not poll out of your region.

 State Hosts will allow netmail forwarding from hubs
 within their state.

 State Hosts are responsible for all Hubs & nodes within their State.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Regionals

 Regionals shall Poll the ITCnet Zone Coordinator at least
 3 times per week. Daily is preferred and requested.

 Regionals are responsible for all of the State Hosts in their area.

 Regionals must allow NetMail forwarding from State Hosts in their region.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Zone Coordinators

 Zone Coordinators shall poll ITCnet International Headquaters
 on a daily basis.

 Zone Coordinators are responsible for the Regionals in their area.

 Zone Coordinators must allow NetMail fowarding from within their area.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

               Applying to The ITCnet

 Ok so we have gotten this far....now you want to join up....well
 you will need to download the file called ITCnet.zip  or
 ITCnet.z??. either file will have all the needed files and an
 application for you to fill out and return. Everyone must complete
 an application to receive a node number in ITCnet.

 Systems applying for access to ITCnet will get a Nodelist,
 this Guide document, RoutePoll map file, an echolist and any other
 documents required by your Zone coordinator, Regional, State Host
 or hub. You will then set yourself up as 85:<net>/999 (net is
 defined as your state host/hubs number like this  85:867/999)
 Further example...Ohio is net 867 so your temporary node number would
 be like above....85:867/999. Texas for example is 841,to this 85:841/999

 NetMail your State Host with your completed application request to
 join ITCnet. You may need to compile the current nodelist so
 you can netmail within the net....you can also netmail it to your
 state hosts Fido number if you know it.

 The State Host will then review your application. If acceptable,
 you will be netmailed back, telling you what your new Node Number
 will be. In some cases, the Regional or State Hosts may pre-assign
 node numbers. Who will inturn foward your completed application
 to ITCnet International Headquarters at 85:85/0, with the
 pre-assigned node number on the application, for inclusion in the
 next nodelist. Nodelists are produced each Sunday and sent out via
 the Tick file distribution system on Mondays.

 At the discretion of the State Host that you are applying to,
 any BBS applying for access to the network that does not warrant
 disbarment altogether may be admitted to the network. And you must
 be really bad to warrant total disbarment from the net.

 This process should not take longer than 14 days an in most cases less
 than 7days.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          In Conclusion

 Any Guidelines can be changed, without warning, by ITCnet
 International as necessary.

 Jack Reece
 ITC International
 ITCnet
 85:85/0

