ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ              N   I   R   V   A   N   A   N   E   T   (tm)              บ
บ                      T h e   P h i l o s o p h y                       บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

    As a system operator, it is easy to overlook the inherently
    tyrannical aspects of even the simplest computer. Conceived as
    manipulators of numbers, computers did not come into their own
    until they could sort and store large quantities of ordinary
    information.

    The largest user of computing power in the world today is the
    National Security Agency, or NSA. With a budget more than that of
    the FBI and the CIA combined, it is the job of the NSA to keep
    track of "threats to national security". These are the folks who
    intercepted that lovely little phone call that linked the bombing
    of a Disco in West Germany and Kaddafy. What do they do, really?
    three things: they gather, store, and collate information. They use
    computers to do it.

    It is not the mission of a Bulletin Board to be a small NSA, but
    the capability is there. On most boards throughout the nation,
    users are requested to input all kinds of information. Names, "Use
    REAL NAMES ONLY! NO HANDLES!" And phone numbers, "The system will
    call you back. Hang up now." Often other information as well. What
    kind of computer do you have? How old are you? Sex? SEXUAL
    ORIENTATION?(!) How long have you had a modem? Where do you live,
    WHAT'S YOUR ADDRESS? WHAT'S YOUR RACE? Amazing that anyone even
    logs onto any boards anywhere. Many folks lie. Even worse, many
    don't.

    Sysops do this to keep 'Undesirables' off of their boards. They
    examine this data and compare it to their image of an ideal user.
    Usually a upper middle class white male with an expensive IBM
    computer. They let most people on anyhow. But this stuff remains on
    file. Scared yet? You should be. The well-meaning system operators
    are trying to keep disruptive people off their boards. They don't
    want swearing or inane prattle. Striving for the ideal forum for
    communication, they try and weed out the misfits. Instead of
    promoting an exchange of ideas, they try to limit what ideas may be
    exchanged.

    And all this data remains on file. Chances are it will never be
    looked at again. But what if, someday, the board gets confiscated
    by the police for something that you had nothing to do with. Oops!
    You're a witness! Or worse, an accomplice. Maybe not. But who
    knows, and who wants to find out? "Bob" knows no computer system is
    secure. ANY data on ANY disk anywhere in the world should be
    considered PUBLIC information, and treated accordingly. The only
    truly secure computer is OFF.

    Don't let your own instincts make you into a fascist. An open
    system is a healthy system. Back in the olden golden days of the
    first multiuser operating system, people would pit their
    intelligence against the computer and crash it. Instead of beefing
    up the security, the programmers installed a new command, "crash".
    Now all you had to do was type 'crash', and the system would be
    brought to it's knees. Voila, the problem went away.

    Keep your system open and free. It's what computers are really good
    for anyhow -- all information to all people. There is no such thing
    as a bad fact, or a bad word. There never was. And that is the
    power that a system truly does have -- the power to exchange new
    and different information, and bring people together. If you give
    people this power, your system will grow.

    The only limit a Bulletin Board System has is time. If every user
    could use the system for only two seconds, the board would always
    be available. But such is not the case, and virtually every board
    in existence has some kind of time limit. Even download limits are,
    in essence, time limits.

    Don't cheat yourself my restricting the users! If a user really
    wants to get on, he will get on. Be lenient. If you can, be free.
    Give the user a gentle reminder. If you treat the people who use
    your computer like people, they will behave like people. Shackled
    and barred at every turn, they will misbehave and cause trouble at
    every turn.

    I have run two systems in the past. The first was rigidly
    structured, one hundred levels. Each level had greater time
    allotted to it, and more data could be accessed. People would
    participate just to get to a higher level, without even knowing
    what was available. I was inundated with level and time raise
    requests. Finally I shut the system down. "Too many losers," I
    said. "People who just take, take, take. Nobody could run a BBS
    today!" And indeed, they did just take, take, take. All they could,
    while they could.

    The next board I ran was different. One level. No validation.
    People would call up and have instant full access to the board.
    Often, these users would go totally bats. They would run to the
    files section and download all they could. They would read ALL the
    messages in one session, and then call back with another name. The
    second call was different, though. They would come and look, and
    download something, and read a message or two, and leave.

    Finally, after a couple of weeks, an amazing thing happened.
    Hopeless losers, people who usually spent all their time trying to
    download as much as they could, started to get into it. Many posted
    their first messages. And they even would upload. Why? They didn't
    have to. Those users had found a home, and you try to improve your
    home.

    Welcome home. Welcome to NIRVANAnet(tm).

    Dr. Strangelove
    Sysop, Just Say Yes
    San Francisco, CA
    November 15, 1989


ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ              N   I   R   V   A   N   A   N   E   T   (tm)              บ
บ                    H o w   I t   A l l   B e g a n                     บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

    There were once three BBSes in the Bay Area with the same
    philosophy. Dr. Strangelove ran a board called Just Say Yes in San
    Francisco, Ratsnatcher ran Rat Head Systems in Berkeley, and I ran
    & the Temple of the Screaming Electron in Walnut Creek. We decided
    that since our message bases were very similar, our users tended to
    overlap, and we shared the same basic philosophy of how to run a
    BBS system, we decided to create NIRVANAnet(tm) so that our ideas
    could spread throughout the BBS community.

    Since that initial beginning, NIRVANAnet(tm) has grown to become
    one of the country's best and most infamous networks because of its
    open access policies and diverse subject matter.

    Interest in joining NIRVANAnet(tm) has been intense, but it was
    founded with the sole purpose of being a regional network. That is,
    it was designed to serve only the San Francisco Bay Area. This
    limitation on network size was done on purpose so that we could
    concentrate on the quality of the boards involved, address regional
    issues, and keep things small-scale and personal.

    Because of the enormous success of NIRVANAnet(tm), the sysops of
    the net have decided to open NIRVANAnet(tm) to the rest of the
    planet. The new, expanded NIRVANAnet(tm) will consist only of
    boards that offer OPEN ACCESS. This means that member boards must
    let anyone on and give them full access on the first call.

    If you're interested, read on...

    In a perfect world, Open Access means no registration, no
    validation, no complex new user questionnaires, no requirement for
    users to enter their real names, addresses, phone numbers,
    birthdays, gender, or other personal information, handles are
    allowed and encouraged, users are trusted, freedom of speech reigns
    supreme, knowledge is available to everyone, and no discrimination
    based on age, sex, race, religion, drug use, or mental stability.
    It also means that once a person is on-line they can immediately
    read and write messages, download files, play games, and use any
    other functions that the BBS provides.

    In short, OPEN.

    Unfortunately, we do not live in a perfect world. Many countries
    and states place restrictions upon free speech and free expression.
    Sysops who violate these restrictions can end up fined, imprisoned,
    or worse. Because of this governmental interference, sysops may be
    required by law to restrict information about sex to people over
    the age of 18 or 21, or in some areas, the information may not be
    provided at all. Some countries do not allow people to exchange
    information about explosives or weapons, in some jurisdictions you
    cannot discuss entry codes for getting into computer networks, and
    passing out credit card numbers is verboten just about everywhere.

    Since we don't want Sysops to end up in jail, it is permissable to
    restrict access to some areas or remove some types of information
    IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS. However,
    restrictions should be at the absolute minimum levels needed to be
    acceptable to the local authorities. For instance, if it is legal
    in your area to give access to erotic material by having users sign
    a document that says "I am over 18", then by no means should you be
    requiring them to send in photocopies of their driver's licenses.

    Just because computers are good at collecting data on people,
    doesn't mean that you have to collect data. Just because you have
    the power to be Big Brother doesn't mean that you should. Give
    people as much freedom as possible on your system.

    I could go on and on for days about the advantages of running an
    open system as opposed to a closed one, but I won't. If you run an
    open system, you KNOW why it's a better way. If you run a closed
    system, you're not going to be allowed to join NIRVANAnet(tm) so
    there's no point in arguing with you about it.

    NIRVANAnet(tm) does not force anyone to run their system a
    particular way, we just say that if you agree with these
    principles, we'll share a bunch of really cool echos and files with
    you. You and your users will get to read messages from freaks of
    all types on subjects from encryption to phone systems to movies to
    techo-jargon to music to sex. NIRVANAnet(tm) is designed to REWARD
    sysops who run open systems by giving them the most interesting and
    diverse messages and files on the planet.

    Hope to see you on NIRVANAnet(tm)!


     \\\///
     |-@@-|  Taipan Enigma
     |  > |  & the Temple of the Screaming Electron
     ( \/ )  Walnut Creek, California
      \__/   510/935-5845
       ||    March 11, 1994


ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
บ              N   I   R   V   A   N   A   N   E   T   (tm)              บ
บ        D e t a i l e d   C h a r t e r   I n f o r m a t i o n         บ
ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

01  What NIRVANAnet(tm) Is

    NIRVANAnet(tm) consists of a group of Open Access BBSes, which
    carry a number of identical message echos and file echos. All
    boards will carry a minimum of two thirds of the message echos
    offered by the net, as well as NNSYSOP and Netmail. In addition to
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Message Areas, NIRVANAnet(tm) members can also carry
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Text File Echos, NIRVANAnet(tm) Public Key
    (encryption) Distribution Echos, and other NIRVANAnet(tm) data
    feeds to be announced.

02  Why This Charter Exists

    This Charter is written not to be excessively bureaucratic, but
    simply because, in order for a network like this to exist and grow,
    it needs to have some sort of basic structure. This Charter
    attempts to nail down that basic structure so that NIRVANAnet(tm)
    will last for decades.

03  Main Hub

    A Main Hub is defined as a BBS System that ties a local area into
    NIRVANAnet(tm). A Main Hub may feed messages to several smaller
    hubs which then feed messages to individual Nodes, or a Main Hub
    may feed messages to individual nodes directly. Main Hubs are
    always assigned Node Number 0 within their Local Net.

04  Hubs

    A Hub is defined as any BBS System that is feeding the
    NIRVANAnet(tm) message echos to two or more NIRVANAnet(tm) BBSes.

05  Net / Local Net

    A Net or Local Net is all of the Nodes that get data from one Main
    Hub.

06  Node

    A node is a single BBS system.

07  Main Hub Duties and Responsibilities

    Main Hubs have to call the backbone at least twice a night in order
    to transfer all echomail, netmail, and file echos. The sysops
    running these systems must be very technically proficient and have
    systems which are reliable. They must coordinate mail transfer
    periods with the hubs and nodes that they feed data to. A Main Hub
    is also responsible for routing mail around systems that go down
    within their Local Net.

    Main hubs will pass nodelist updates on to the Hubs and Nodes they
    are feeding.

    Main Hubs also have all of the duties and responsibilities of Hubs
    and Nodes.

08  Hub Duties and Responsibilities

    The Hubs work with new Nodes to iron out technical problems and to
    get the new Nodes on-line.

    Hubs must know the NIRVANAnet(tm) Charter well enough to verify the
    fact that the their Nodes are Open Systems and continue to remain
    Open Systems as defined by the Charter. Hubs can cut the feed of a
    Node if the Node ceases to be an Open System. Nodes can appeal to
    their Main Hub or rest of NIRVANAnet(tm) if they think they are
    being treated unjustly.

    Hubs must call their Main Hub at least twice a night to pick up
    waiting mail. Hubs will route netmail and file echos for
    NIRVANAnet(tm).

    Hubs will pass nodelist updates on to the Nodes they are feeding.

    Hubs also have all of the duties and responsibilities of Nodes.

09  Node Duties and Responsibilities

    Nodes will do their best to remain Open Systems and resist the urge
    to control their users. Nodes must call their Hub at least once a
    night, but preferrably twice, to pick up mail. Nodes will make
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Info Packs available to all callers, so that others
    can join the net.

10  Voting

    Voting is used for electing the International Net Coordinator
    (INC), electing Net Coordinators (NC's), ammending the
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Charter, and adding new nodes.

    Votes can be for, against, or abstain. An abstain vote DOES count
    as a vote. If a person does not vote, this is counted as an
    "abstain" vote. (This means that in a simple majority vote, if
    there are 100 nodes in the net, and 49 vote "YES" and 48 vote "NO",
    then there are 3 abstensions, and the NO's win the vote.)

    Voting is done by placing the question on the NNSYSOP board and
    asking for a vote. Once a question has been put to a vote, all
    voting members must vote within 14 days, unless stated otherwise
    within the Charter. There is no such thing as a "secret ballot".

    The NNC tallies all votes and posts a running total of who voted
    "Yes" and who voted "No" up until the voting period is over. At
    which time the NNC will post the final results.

    A Voting Member may change their vote at any time up until the
    voting period is over.

    All votes to elect Net Officers are by simple majority.

    Ammending the Charter takes a 2/3 majority of ALL voting members.

    See the section on "New Systems" for information on voting in new
    systems.

    All other votes are by simple majority, unless otherwise stated in
    the Charter.

11  Who Votes

    In order to vote, a member must have an active system. There is one
    vote per BBS system, and no one gets more than one vote.

    Generally, if a person's name appears in the nodelist, then they're
    eligible to vote, which is why the NNC also conducts elections.

12  NC Elections

    All of the Voting Members within a Net will vote for an NC at least
    once every 18 months. If an NC steps down, an election for a new NC
    must be held within 30 days. An election is won by a simple
    majority. The current NC will set the date for the election period,
    which lasts for 30 days. Elections are called by posting a message
    on the NNSYSOP echo.

13  INC Elections

    ALL of the members will vote for an INC at least once every 30
    months. If a INC steps down, an election for a new INC must be held
    within 45 days. An election is won by a simple majority. The
    current INC will set the date for the election period, which lasts
    for 45 days. Elections are called by posting a message on the
    NNSYSOP echo.

14  Other Positions

    There are other positions within the net for Network EchoMail
    Coordinator (NEC), Network Netmail Coordinator (NMC), Network
    FileEcho Coordinator (NFC), and Network Nodelist Coordinator (NNC).
    These positions are voluntary support positions. They work with the
    INC and the NC's to make the network run more smoothly. Other
    positions may be added in the future at the discretion of the INC.
    All positions are appointed by the INC.

15  Network EchoMail Coordinator (NEC) Responsibilities

    Makes sure that echomail is flowing smoothly. Works with the hubs
    to make sure that echomail is not being lost. Determines the
    routing for echomail between the various Main Hubs. Solves
    technical echomail problems. Splits echomail areas that become too
    congested. Adds new areas to the backbone as requested by nodes.
    Schedules mail run times so that echomail will flow quickly.

16  Network Netmail Coordinator (NMC) Responsibilities

    Makes sure that netmail is flowing smoothly. Works with the hubs to
    make sure that netmail is not being lost. Determines the routing
    for netmail between the various Main Hubs and Hubs. Solves
    technical netmail problems.

17  Network FileEcho Coordinator (NFC) Responsibilities

    Makes sure that those boards that wish to participate in the file
    echos are getting their files. Makes sure that boards which do NOT
    wish to participate in the file echos do not get stuck with the
    cost of transporting files. Figures out routing for files. Adds new
    files echos as needed or requested.

18  Network Nodelist Coordinator (NNC) Responsibilities

    Maintains the NIRVANAnet(tm) nodelist. Adds new nodes to the
    nodelist and deletes boards which are no longer active. Changes
    board information as necessary. Sends out nodelist updates to all
    Main Hubs. The NNC also conducts all elections and tracks votes.

    The NNC also puts together the NIRVANAnet(tm) Info Packs which
    should be available on every node. These packs contain the
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Charter, an application, the NIRVANAnet(tm)
    Nodelist, and anything else the NNC deems appropriate.

19  Users

    Do not count.

20  Minimum Technical Standards

    There are minimum BBS standards involved in NIRVANAnet(tm). The
    proposed system would need to have a minimum of down time, menus
    should have a planned appearance. Menu options should actually do
    something (what they do is up to the sysop), and systems should be
    able to generate packets and receive them on a regular basis.

21  New Systems

    In order to become a node in the network a sysop must first fill
    out a NIRVANAnet(tm) Application Form and upload it to a
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Hub.

    The sysop of the Hub will call the BBS to make sure that it is an
    OPEN ACCESS system, as defined by the NIRVANAnet(tm) Charter.

    If the Hub decides that the BBS qualifies according to the Charter,
    the Hub Sysop will post a message on the NNSYSOP echo nominating
    the new board for membership and telling everyone the board's name
    and phone number. This message will include a portion of the
    application.

    Other NIRVANAnet(tm) Sysops will have two weeks from the date the
    message is posted to call the board and check it out. After
    calling, they will post their votes, YES or NO, on the NNSYSOP
    echo. If the board gets at least 5 YES votes (including the
    nominating hub) and a maximum of 2 NO votes within the two week
    period, the board is in. If the board gets less than 5 YES votes,
    or 2 or more NO votes then the BBS is not admitted to the net.

    NIRVANAnet(tm) Sysops may vote "NO" for any reason whatsoever, but
    are expected to use this Charter as a guide when deciding on
    admitting a new board. NIRVANAnet(tm) Sysops are expected to vote
    "NO" if an applicant BBS does not fulfill the requirements of the
    Charter. Conversely, even if a BBS technically qualifies under the
    Charter's guidelines, a NIRVANAnet(tm) Sysop is not required to
    vote "YES" on the board's entry into the net.

    The Main Hub of the board's nearest net will then assign the new
    node a node number, give the new node a NIRVANAnet(tm) nodelist,
    and inform the NNC of the addition to the nodelist. The NNC will
    add the node to the nodelist within one month.

    After being admitted, any new system must be hooked into the net
    within two weeks. It is assumed that before a system is admitted,
    it is capable of exchanging echomail packets already. The two week
    margin allows for any technical problems which might crop up.

    If a system is not admitted to the net they may apply again after
    six months have passed.

22  Open Access

    In a perfect world, Open Access means no registration, no
    validation, no complex new user questionnaires, no requirement for
    users to enter real names, addresses, phone numbers, birthdays,
    gender, or other personal information, handles are allowed and
    encouraged, users are trusted, freedom of speech reigns supreme,
    knowledge is available to everyone, and no discrimination based on
    age, sex, race, religion, drug use, or mental stability. It also
    means that once a person is on-line they can immediately read and
    write messages, download files, play games, and use any other
    functions that the BBS provides.

    For the purposes of NIRVANAnet(tm), Open Access means that we
    require:

      * No requirement for users to enter real names,
        addresses, phone numbers, birthdays, gender, or
        other personal information.
      * No "validation" of new users.
      * No complex new user questionnaires.
      * Handles are allowed and encouraged.
      * No discrimination based on age, sex, race, religion,
        drug use, or mental stability.
      * Once a person is on-line they can immediately read
        and write E-Mail, local messages, NIRVANAnet(tm)
        Netmail, and NIRVANAnet(tm) Echomail.
      * Once a person is on-line they can immediately
        download files that the BBS obtained from the
        NIRVANAnet(tm) Text File Archives or through the
        NIRVANAnet(tm) Text File Distribution System.

    We encourage sysops to keep their BBSes to be as open as possible,
    and to allow full access to all functions and areas within the BBS
    to all callers.

23  New User Questionnaires

    If your BBS software will not allow you to turn off these nosy new
    user questions, you can use a hex editor to change them to
    something less noxious. (Such as changing "Enter Your REAL Address"
    to "Favorite Color".) Better yet, switch your software to something
    less Big Brotherish and tell the author of the software why you're
    switching. If you cannot turn off these questions and are unable or
    unwilling to use a hex editor you will not be admitted to
    NIRVANAnet(tm).

24  Files

    Sysops are encouraged to be as generous with file ratios as
    possible, or to give files away with no ratios.

25  Exceptions

    Unfortunately, we do not live in a perfect world. Many countries
    and states place restrictions upon free speech and free expression.
    Sysops who violate these restrictions can end up fined, imprisoned,
    or worse. Because of this governmental interference, sysops may be
    required by law to restrict information about sex to people over
    the age of 18 or 21, or in some areas, the information may not be
    provided at all. Some countries do not allow people to exchange
    information about explosives or weapons, in some jurisdictions you
    cannot discuss entry codes for getting into computer networks, and
    passing out credit card numbers is verboten just about everywhere.

    Since we don't want Sysops to end up in jail, it is permissable to
    restrict access to some areas IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH GOVERNMENT
    REGULATIONS. However, restrictions should be at the absolute
    minimum levels needed to be acceptable to the local authorities.
    For instance, if it is legal in your area to give access to erotic
    material by having users sign a document that says "I am over 18",
    then by no means should you be requiring them to send in
    photocopies of their driver's licenses.

    If your government says that some information may not be provided
    at all or you will go to jail, we advise you to delete such
    information from your system.

26  Fly-by-Night Systems

    Running a BBS is a lot of work, and many sysops set up a BBS only
    to shut it down within a few months once they find that out. To
    encourage long-term connections to BBS systems, a BBS system must
    have been in operation for at least four months before it can join
    NIRVANAnet(tm).

27  Charging for Access

    Running a single-line system is cheap. Running a multi-line system
    can be an expensive proposition. Because of this, it may be
    necessary for multi-line systems to charge for access to extra
    lines.

    Because this may be seen as restricting access, the following
    guideline applies: If you charge for access, you must provide at
    least ONE LINE that is completely free of charge.

    (Preferrably, between 1/3 and 1/2 of your lines should be free, but
    that is up to you.)

    If all of your lines are free, but users who contribute cash get
    more time, that also qualifies, since users don't HAVE to pay to
    call your system.

    For instance, &TOTSE used to be a one-line free system. The board
    was busy 90% of the time, and many people could never get through
    at all. In January of 1993, &TOTSE went to four lines, two of which
    were only available to people who'd made donations. The people on
    the two pay lines subsidize the people on the free lines. Because
    of the donations, &TOTSE can now provide twice as much free service
    as it could before, a big gain for the users.

28  NNSYSOP

    Every system is required to carry NNSYSOP, the PRIVATE
    NIRVANAnet(tm) Sysops-only conference. It must be read by the
    primary system operator at least once every three days, unless
    there is a really good excuse not to (e.g. Hardware downtime,
    vacation, spousal violence, etc). ALL posts must be read, not just
    addressed posts. Members of the immediate household are also
    allowed to read NNSYSOP.

    A vote must be taken to allow anyone else to read (or participate)
    in NNSYSOP. Allowing non-sysops to read the NNSYSOP echo without
    permission of the voting members may result in cutting the network
    feed of the offending system.

29  New Topics

    The NEC must add a new topic if four or more NIRVANAnet(tm) boards
    request that it be added. The sub will be available to all other
    member systems. Requests can be made on the NNSYSOP echo.

    If fewer than four boards request a new topic, it may be added or
    the boards requesting the topic may be asked to network the
    messages directly among themselves, at the discretion of the NEC.

30  Echos

    All NIRVANAnet(tm) echos will be made available to all
    NIRVANAnet(tm) BBS systems. If an echo is getting too congested, it
    may be split into two or more smaller echos. All NIRVANAnet(tm)
    echos have echo names beginning with "NN" to make things easier on
    sysops who carry multiple networks. A sysop may choose anything
    they like as the local name for an echo, but the echo title should
    reflect the original intent and purpose of the echo.

    NIRVANAnet(tm) echos may NOT be made available to any BBS system
    that is not a member of NIRVANAnet(tm). This includes "point"
    systems. If a NIRVANAnet(tm) BBS is caught sending a feed to a
    non-NIRVANAnet(tm) BBS, the offending BBS's feed will be cut.

31  Echomail Moderators

    Echomail Moderators are assigned by the NEC. Any user on any system
    can ask to become a moderator.

32  Regional Echos

    If an echo is of regional interest only, such as "Places to Go in
    the Bay Area", it will begin with "NN" plus the Local Net number
    plus the name of the echo. Example: NN900PLACES. These echos will
    still be available to ALL NIRVANAnet(tm) BBS systems.

33  Netmail

    All NIRVANAnet(tm) systems will make netmail available to their
    users if it is technically possible to do so. This allows users to
    send private mail to other users on other NIRVANAnet(tm) systems.

34  Encrypted Messages

    All NIRVANAnet(tm) systems agree to allow users to send encrypted
    messages to one another using E-Mail, Netmail, and Echomail. Users
    will be encouraged to use E-Mail and Netmail whenever possible.

35  Free Speech

    NIRVANAnet(tm) is a free-speech network. Posts will not be deleted,
    unless they contain:

      * Credit card numbers
      * Phone company calling card numbers
      * Names and passwords for private systems
      * Unsolicited personal phone numbers

    Sysops should try to keep messages on-topic. Messages can be moved
    from one area to another and users can be yelled at, but posts
    should not be deleted for being off-topic. The same restrictions
    apply to flames, which reduce the amount of communication that's
    occurring. Often, it is a good idea to forward flames to the flame
    echo, that's what it's there for. It's also why we keep the number
    of posts on that sub VERY low. Sysops should also attempt to keep
    personal messages and 1-to-1 communiques off the netted subs, and
    keep them in e-mail, netmail, or in a local message base. Finally,
    when quoting a message, users are expected to quote only the
    relevant part of the message, not the entire thing, tag lines and
    all. This is to help reduce the amount of traffic crossing the
    network and to keep costs down.

36  Multiple Networks

    If a BBS system carries multiple networks, we hope that the sysop
    will make NIRVANAnet(tm) the "primary" or "featured" network of
    their system. Sysops who want to add NIRVANAnet(tm) just because
    they are "collecting networks" for their system will be discouraged
    from joining NIRVANAnet(tm).

37  Multiple Network Conflicts

    If your BBS system is a member of another network that does require
    real names, we encourage you to tell them to shove that requirement
    up their collective asshole.

    If that doesn't work, see if you can set up your system to allow
    users to enter a "real-sounding" name that is used whenever they
    access this other network.

    If that still doesn't work, you must decide which network you want
    to keep on your system, NIRVANAnet(tm) or "BigBrotherNet."

38  Off-Topic Messages

    If an echo gets way off-topic, it may be necessary for several
    sysops to coordinate moving messages and chastising the offending
    users. These actions can be coordinated by using the NNSYSOP board
    or netmail.

39  Off-Topic Users

    Some users have one axe to grind and they grind it on every single
    message base they come to. Usually this malise of being unable to
    recognize topics comes in one of three forms: Political, Religious,
    or Incoherent Abuse and Flaming. If you have a user on your system
    with this problem, try to reason with them and get them to stay on
    topic. In extreme cases, it may be necessary to restrict them to
    posting on one message echo. Sysops are expected to use their own
    best judgement for this, and to try every available means necesary
    before restricting users.

40  Spelling

    All NIRVANAnet(tm) sysops must be able to spell "NIRVANAnet(tm)"
    correctly.

41  Language

    The official language of NIRVANAnet(tm) is English, unless someone
    can think of a better language.

42  System Expulsion

    If a Net decides to expell a system from NIRVANAnet(tm), there must
    be a vote to give the system a warning. If 2/3 of the members of
    the Local Net vote in favor a warning, then a warning is given to
    the offending system to clean up its act, along with a date by
    which the system must be acceptable. This date must be a minimum of
    two weeks from the warning date. The warning must state exactly
    what is unsatisfactory about the system. When the expulsion date
    has been reached, a vote will be taken to expel by the Nodes within
    the system's Net. If 2/3 of the systems within the Local Net vote
    to expell, the system will be kicked out of NIRVANAnet(tm). The
    system being expelled does not get a vote. Systems can be expelled
    for any reason.

43  Charter

    Changes can be made in this charter with approval of 2/3 of the
    ALL of the Voting Members of NIRVANAnet(tm).



    This Charter was adopted unanimously on August 2, 1994 by:

    Taipan Enigma          & the Temple of the Screaming Electron
    Zardoz                 Burn this Flag
    Poindexter Fortran     realitycheck
    Mick Freen             Lies Unlimited
    Biffnix                The New Dork Sublime
    Rif Raf                The Shrine of the Salted Slug
    Simon Jester           Planet Mirth

