
                            컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
                            FREE ECHO MAIL
                            컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
               
                           Brought to you by,

                   The Crystal Palace 818-765-2171 & 310-472-2598


     Rule #1:
     You MUST call for mail at least once a week!
      
     Having said that,

     We would like to offer FREE Rushnet Echo Mail to any SYSOP that
     wishes to  participate. 

     Shouldn't your users  have the ability to  communicate with  the
     world?  

     It's very simple to setup and implement.  In most cases, you can
     have  everything  setup  and  running  withing  5 to 10  minutes
     depending on the conferences that you wish to add. The only time
     spent  then  will  be setting up the additional conferences that
     you wish to echo.

     We would prefer you use the BBS for any questions.
   

                        컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
                        SETTING UP THE ECHO MAIL
                        컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
                          컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
                              컴컴컴컴컴컴


[GETTING STARTED]

     We have tried to make getting set up in  RUSHNET  fairly simple.
     First read  TNET.DOC.  This will  help you become  familiar with 
     TNET.  Once you have  acquainted yourself with TNET  you are now 
     ready  to  tackle  the   configuration   file   which  is  named 
     LIGHTNET.CFG.  We  have tried  to  take  some of the pain out of 
     setting this up for you. RUSHNET.CFG has already been set up to
     match our message base areas, all you need to do is  change  the
     default settings  so  that  the  messages will go where you want
     them placed  in your  BBS  system.  You will notice these by the 
     parenthesis out  to the side of  the  areas that  need changing. 
     Once you have made these  changes you should just about be ready
     to make your first mail run with our system.


[FIRST LOGON]
     On your first call, simply leave a comment to SYSOP requesting the
     upgrade to NET-STATUS.    You will be validated within 48 hours.
     Once you are  connected  with  the HUB go to the "Message 
     Menu" area, select D to take you into our  TomCat Mail  program.
     Once you are in TomCat you will need to select which conferences
     you wish to echo. You can do this by selecting  [C] to configure 
     TomCat, then select each  conference you wish to open.  When you 
     have  finished with your selections and return to  main menu  of 
     TomCat  you  will be  ready for your first mail run. Type [D] to 
     start you mail download. Suggestions: Don't pick any local confer-
     ences such as Private Mail or Comments to Sysop. Exclude the new
     files search and new Bulletins. Set your attachments to 300k. You
     find its much easier to select conferences OUTSIDE Tomcat from
     the Message Menu.

     By using an "!" before your BBS name will allow you to bypass all
     initial welcome screens and take you directly to the Message Menu.
     (Fast login will be enabled after validation).
     Example:   First Name  Last Name  Password
                컴컴컴컴컴  컴컴컴컴  컴컴컴컴
                !John       Doe        Password


[MAIL PACKET IMPORT]

     Now you have  downloaded your first mail packet and are ready to
     import  them into  your own  BBS  system.  To get TNET to import
     messages into your database type [ TNET IMPORT RUSHNET ] This 
     will start the import process into your BBS system.  If all goes 
     well it will place the  mail into the message areas you assigned 
     in the RUSHNET.CFG file. 

     Make sure TNET.EXE and RUSHNET.CFG are in your BBS's Home
     Directory.
     
     Example:  C:\WC30 : C:\WILDCAT : Etc....

[MAIL PACKET EXPORT]

     This is a  very  crucial and important  step  to  keep duplicate
     messages from being  sent into the HUB system [ CRYSTAL PALACE].
     When  you are ready to  upload  replies to  us please be sure to 
     export  your mail  first.   To export your mail packet from your 
     system type  [ TNET EXPORT RUSHNET ].  Then  call the  BBS with 
     whom you  are  echoing  mail with.  After you have uploaded your 
     replies then proceed with your download of the new mail packet.

     * RUSHNET and RUSHNET.CFG can be different if you are  echoing
     from another BBS system.


[RENUMBERING MESSAGE BASE]

     Since we all have a need to renumber our message bases from time
     to time it is very important that we reset our  message pointers
     to prevent duplicates being re-uploaded to the host system.  You
     can  do this  after you have  renumbered your messages by typing 
     TNET HIGH RUSHNET.  This  will  set  the  pointers  to the last
     message that you have in your system.This should keep duplicates
     from occurring.


[DUPLICATES]

     As many of you have found out  duplicate  mail  is a pain in the
     #$%.  Not only does it cost us LD  charges but causes the system 
     operator  some  grief in  trying to  eliminate  the   duplicated 
     messages. DUPCHK is a program that checks for duplicate messages
     and either places them in the wastebasket or kills them. You can
     specify how you want this done by the command line.
    

[ALIASES]

     Some of you may have a BBS that uses  Alias's as a way for  your
     users to keep their annonimity. With the new release of  Wildcat 
     3.0 and it's  support  for  using  alias's  we  will  only allow 
     conferences that  are stated as being alias specific.  Please be
     sure that if you use alias's that they do not  enter our regular
     user message base.

     We  hope that this file will help you in setting up RUSHNET. We
     have tried to keeps  things  as  simple  as possible and hope to 
     have a  trouble free mail network. With your help we can achieve
     this goal. We look forward to sharing some interesting chat with
     you and all of your users.    Let's make RUSHNET into one of the
     best mail networks there is.  If you have  questions  concerning 
     RUSHNET you can contact me by calling:


                THE CRYSTAL PALACE 818-765-2171
                Fax 818-765-8990 ext 22
                Voice 818-765-8990 ext 15
                                   Thanks,
                                           DANIEL MATHIS

[CONFERENCES]

     If you have a conference that you would like to see echoed  here
     in the RUSHNET system  leave us a comment about it.   If you are
     interested  in hosting a  conference  we would really appreciate
     your help in doing so.
     
     Please read the CONF.LST file for conference listings
