Hub systems serve as EchoMail collection and distribution sites.
Messages are deposited on a local BBS, then moved to a Hub system to
be later collected at the International Host.  From there it is
distributed to other Hubs around the world.

The U'NI-net Management Team has adopted the following guidelines for
Hub and Hub-Candidate Systems:

OFFICIAL HUBS
-------------

1. May be removed by a majority vote of the U'NI-net Management Team.

2. At all times while authorized to redistribute U'NI-net Mail,
Hubs calling from inside the United States will complete a minimum of
two mail exchanges with the International Host system every
twenty-four hours, and make available all conferences. Systems outside
the United States will complete a minimum of one mail exchange with
the International Host each 24 hours, and will make available at least
30% of the U'NI-net conferences.

3. Will comply with all U'NI-net guidelines, and will not allow
node systems that refuse to comply with U'NI-net guidelines to remain
active.

4. Will read all messages in the UNI-HUB and UNI-USERS conferences, and
"YA" (Personal and addressed to "ALL") messages in the UNI-NET
conference.

5. Will conduct an inspection of all new systems prior to approving an
application.

6. Will send completed application forms to the Recorder before new
nodes begin to echo mail, and instruct new nodes to send a message to
the Recorder in the UNI-Net conference when they begin to echo.

7. Will maintain a local, private administrative conference for connecting
member systems.

8. Will send a monthly list of active member systems to the Recorder.

9. Will not TCAN any user (User suspensions will be carried out by the
node Sysops.  Node sysops who refuse to comply may have net status
revoked at the discretion of their Hub or the Network Host).

10. Will only admit systems from within their authorized territory,
unless it is by the permission of the Hub that services the territory
in question.

11. Will maintain a BBS system in reasonable working order, with the
following minimum hardware:

           A. Minimum of two phone lines available to nodes
           B. V.32bis Modems on at least two lines

12. May request donations from nodes to help defray the cost of
calling the International Host, but may not require them.

HUB-CANDIDATES
--------------

1. Will comply with all Official Hub guidelines, as well as
Hub-Candidate guidelines.

2. Will have access to UNI-HUB and may engage in discussion, but may
NOT vote.

3. Have a probationary period lasting three months, during which time
the Network Host, the Management Team, or the Hub-Candidate can
discontinue the relationship with reasonable notice.

4. Will be listed with the Official Hubs in UNIHUBS.LST.

5. Before the end of the probationary period, the Hub-Candidate must
admit no less than six active nodes.  U'NI-net considers a node to be
active if it sends a minimum of thirty messages per month, and makes
daily mail runs to the Hub-Candidate BBS.  The net must have the
minimum six applications on file, and the nodes must have sent a
message to the U'NI-net Recorder in the UNI-NET conference to be
placed on the UNIBBS.LST before the last day of probation.

6. After expiration of the probationary period, and successful
compliance with all guidelines, the Hub-Candidate becomes and Official
Hub with full voting rights.
