                      U'NI-NET AND PLANET CONNECT
                      ---------------------------

The U'NI-net Echomail Network is available via satellite transmission
from Planet Connect.

Please be advised that all normal guidelines and procedures regarding
mail transmission with U'NI-net as described in UNINET.TXT apply, PLUS
these:

1. Systems receiving packets via Satellite MUST connect to an Official
U'NI-net Hub at least once every 24 hours to upload reply (.REP)
packets and download private administrative conferences including
UNI-NET, and the local administrative conference.  In addition, if
someone from your system will be hosting a conference,  you must pick
up UNI-HOST via your hub.  See UNIHUBS.LST to determine the Official
Hub for your area.

2. You must notify your Official Hub that you plan to transfer mail
via Satellite.  This should be noted on your application.  Present
systems who are switching over to satellite must get permission from
their hub to transfer U'NI-net packets via satellite.

3. It is MANDATORY that the first FIVE mail runs to your hub be made
MANUALLY, or in some fashion making it possible to abort the mail run
in case of a problem.  This is to make sure that your mail tosser
software is configured properly.  It is very common for new satellite
Sysops to miss a crucial step in configuration and cause hundreds of
duplicate messages to flood the system!  This usually happens because
most systems have dual configurations (one for the satellite packets,
and one for the Hub system).  When pointers for the Host system are
not topped out following an import of a satellite packet, the next
time a .REP packet is scanned, it will include ALL of the messages
previously imported from the satellite!  Systems that allow this to
happen due to not making the first FIVE mail runs manually may find
their access to the Hub revoked without warning.

                        MAIL TOSSER TIPS
                        ----------------


ROSEMAIL
--------
Rosemail from Rose Media, Inc. has a feature available that is
designed specifically for handling Planet Connect. Rosemail is
compatible with PCBoard only.

RNET
----
Rnet by Robert Vostreys has a feature called "KEYCODE=" that will
automatically adjust the pointers between the satellite config file
and the Hub config file. Rnet is compatible with PCBoard only.

TNET
----
Tnet from Mustang Software for Wildcat systems can handle Planet
Connect packets, HOWEVER, the pointers for the Hub system must be
topped out after a satellite packet is imported!  Failure to do this
will cause the entire series of messages imported from the Hub to be
re-exported on the next mail run!  Here is a sample batch file for
Tnet:

                     TNET EXPORT UNIHUB
                     CALL UNIHUB
                     TNET IMPORT UNIHUB
                     TNET IMPORT <packet_name>
                     TNET HIGH UNIHUB

Explanation:

TNET EXPORT UNIHUB: Run Tnet to export U'NI-net message to be sent to
your Official Hub.

CALL UNIHUB: Run a batch file that invokes your telecom program to
call your U'NI-net Hub.

TNET IMPORT UNIHUB: Import the .REP packet that was just downloaded
from your Hub.

TNET IMPORT <packet_name>: Import the <packet_name>.QWK packet
that you received from the satellite.

TNET HIGH UNIHUB: Top out the message pointers in configuration for
your Hub.  Failure to do this will result in all the messages you just
imported from the satellite being resent to your Hub.  This might also
cause your net status at your hub to be revoked!

OTHER TOSSERS
-------------
Other .QWK/.REP compatible mail programs will work as long as they
give you the ability to top out pointers for a specific configuration.
Most have a command called "HIGH" that accomplishes this.  See the
instructions for TNET if you are running a tosser with this feature.
If your tosser does not have this ability, and there isn't some other
feature that addresses dual configuration files for a single network
(such as RNET's KEYCODE=) then the tosser should not be used.  Contact
the author to see if the feature can be added before attempting to
echo with U'NI-net via Planet Connect.


IMPORTANT
---------
If you are a present U'NI-net node who is switching over to Satellite
transmission, please remember to remove your old mail event from your
system.  As obvious as this sounds, we have already had one Sysop
forget to do this, and the result was MEGADUPES!

                           QUESTIONS???
                           ------------
Cam Debuck is the Network Host for U'NI-net, and the Sysop of the
International Host system (Cam's Wildcat House).  Cam can be contacted
via any system that currently carries U'NI-net in the Sysop
conference.  He can also be contacted at the following:

Cam's WildCat! House:   770-461-5947 (V.32bis/HST Terbo)
Internet:               cam@camcat.com

Please do not contact Cam to ask if you can echo directly with Cam's
Wildcat House in order to avoid the work of setting up your tosser for
dual configurations.  Cam's Wildcat house is only available for
netmail exchange with Official Hubs, and nodes in his area (see
UNIHUBS.LST). There are no exceptions.
