Thank you for downloading this information file concerning U'NI-net,
the network for users. The purpose of this document is to let you know
a little more about what many think is the best managed and
friendliest EchoMail network.


                        þ  WHAT IS U'NI-net?  þ


        U'NI (Pronounced YOU AND I) network was formed by a small
        group of volunteer sysops to provide EchoMail service suitable
        for users of all ages. The network continues to be operated
        and administered by volunteers dedicated to serving the users
        of U'NI-net.


PURPOSE:
-------

        The goal of U'NI is a simple one: to promote the exchange of
        information.  As a distributor of electronic mail, we focus
        our efforts on the users, eliminating nearly all of the
        political infrastructure which can be found in any other
        EchoMail network. This focusing allows quality, current
        information to be distributed quickly to everyone.


ACTIONS:
-------

        To get the latest quality information requires the right
        connections and we certainly have them.  Many of our hardware
        and software related conferences are hosted by the author, or
        a representative of the vendor.

        Many of our users are working professionals in the computer
        industry that offer experiences, advice, and tips that cannot
        be found anywhere for any price.


USERS AND SYSOPS:
----------------

        Diversity ! That's how we achieve our goal. We want to find
        users with knowledge of subjects from Alchemy to Zymurgy
        who are willing to share it. The network exists for users
        to help each other.

        In sysops we look for people who want to be actively involved
        in the day-to-day operations of the network. U'NI-net
        continues to evolve and there is a plethora of opportunities
        available to help shape and determine the direction of this
        network.

        If you are interested in becoming a member sysop of U'NI-net
        please read read files UNISYSOP.TXT in this archive.

NETWORK GUIDELINES:
------------------

        In an effort to maximize quality, minimize regulations and
        provide you the best service possible we have "Guidelines"
        which apply to all (sysops and users) and they are as
        follows:


        1)      The Network may only be used for legal purposes.  Even
                through the network is available world wide, Federal
                laws of the United States will be observed.

        2)      Abusive or offensive language (profanity and
                non-profanity included), name calling, personal
                attacks and other such forms of verbal combat
                will not be tolerated.

        3)      U'NI-net provides access to users of all ages from all
                over the world. In that all ages of users are welcome
                it is requested that discretion be used so "message
                text as well as subject matter" is suitable for
                viewing by users of all ages.

        4)      Aliases which are obvious are not permitted. Real
                sounding aliases are allowed if the local sysop
                approves. Dynamite Dan would not be allowed, where
                Dan Smith would be.

CONFERENCE GUIDELINES:
---------------------

        In an effort to keep each conference on topic and minimize
        user distraction, Conference Guidelines have been established
        as follows:

        1) COLOR MESSAGES:
           The posting of messages which contain ANSI or other color
           code sequences is restricted to the ANSI-ART conference
           ONLY.  In this case the term "message" includes the header,
           body and any tagline(s) if used.

        2) FOR SALE or TRADE ITEMS:
           The posting of messages offering one or more items for sale or
           trade or for free are permitted only in the BUY-SELL and
           WORLDMARKET conferences subject to the following exceptions;

           A) FIREARMS and MUNITIONS:
              Firearms and/or munition offered for sale, trade or free
              will be posted in the GUNS conference ONLY.

        3) ENCRYPTED MESSAGES: The posting of encrypted (scrambled)
           messages is not allowed.  This includes encryption "keys"
           as part of non-encrypted messages. Messages that contain
           short binary executable files that have been converted to
           text characters by programs such as UUENCODE so that they
           may be transmitted as a message and posted in a conference
           such as DOS-TIPS are not considered to be an encrypted
           message.

        The management team may approve a Conference Host' request for
        exception to a conference guideline. Please contact the
        Conference Host for complete details.

UNI-USERS CONFERENCE:
-------------------

        This conference provides our users with a means of contacting
        U'NI-net management directly should they care to offer a
        suggestion or comment, or to report violations of Network
        Guidelines. If you feel you have been the victim of a
        guideline violation or you are experiencing a problem or
        difficulty within a particular conference you are encouraged
        to advise the Network Host by posting a message addressed to
        Network Host CAM DEBUCK in the "UNI-USERS" conference. If
        possible please provide a copy of the offending message
        including all header and tagline information.


USER INFORMATION:
----------------

        EchoMail sent on U'NI-net is sorted by "Conference" with each
        conference having an assigned topic and a "Conference Host"
        whose duty is to welcome new users, keep the conference
        messaging "on topic" and to provide assistance if or when
        needed.

        Conference Hosts are solicited by the Conference Coordinator
        who will in most cases post one or more public message(s) as
        new conferences are formed, when vacancies occur or as the
        need for a conference host (or co-host) arises.

        Conference Hosting is performed on a "voluntary" basis and any
        user may apply to the Conference Coordinator for consideration.


OTHER CONFERENCES:
-----------------

        A list of available conferences with a brief description of
        each conference can be found in file "conflist" in this
        archive, or a more detailed description with the name of the
        conference host and their access point is contained in file
        UNICONF.DES within archive UNI###CD.ZIP. If you find a U'NI
        conference whose topic is of interest to you but is not
        available on the U'NI-net BBS you access, send a request to
        your sysop to carry the conference.

MESSAGING:
---------

        The transmission of EchoMail generated on U'NI-net often
        results in toll, long distance, and international telephone
        charges. These charges are voluntarily paid by the U'NI-net
        sysops as a service to our users. For this reason we request
        of our users:

        1) Do not overquote previous message text, please limit quoting
           to the minimum text necessary for the receiver to understand
           or remember the subject under discussion.

         2) The size and length of signatures be kept to a minimum.

MANAGEMENT
----------

        Day to day decisions regarding normal operations of the
        network are handles by Network Host Cam Debuck.  Major
        decisions are decided by discussion and majority vote of the
        U'NI-net Management Team.


        The Management Team is made up of the following individuals:

        Network Host
        ------------
        Cam Debuck

        Official Hubs
        -------------
        Alan Bevis
        Cam DeBuck
        Dave Franks
        Dave Halliday
        Hans Joergen
        John Kirkman
        Marius Kirschner
        Osman Noor Mohamed
        Cindy Niespodzianski
        William Padilla
        Doug Reigler
        Charles Shapiro


        Recorder
        --------
        Charles Shapiro

        Conference Coordiator
        ---------------------
        John Ewin

        Members may be added or removed by a majority vote of the
        existing Management Team.

        Any member of the Team may initiate a discussion or propose a
        vote. Sysops or Users who would like to see a change made in
        the way the Network operates should contact a member of the
        Management Team regarding a vote proposal.

