                                METAZINE #1

        Welcome to the premier issue of METAZINE.  Here, META members will
review warez, and related stuff.  You are probably wondering what the hell
META is.  META is a group of people that get warez from the internet.  META
is NOT a group like RAZOR.  META takes ALL the big groups warez, and 
distribute them among the BBS community, to boards that are not ULTRA secret.
So, if you are on a better than average board, you can probably find our stuff.
You don't have to be on like, the CoCoNut Testing Grounds, to get our stuff.
We also make DOCs for games.  I(Lord 13) just made Magic Carpet ANSI docs.
These docs are WAY better than the other MC docs.  They are in ANSI, so you
can see what spell I am talking about.  Very useful.  Look for more docs in
the future(ansi and normal).  BTW - don't expect docs for shitty warez!  OK,
enjoy the first issue.

Contents:
        The Warez Review
        Brief Warez News
        Coming Soon
        Tidbit News

                                The Warez Review

        Magic Carpet by BULLFROG, is the most awesome game I have played 
since DOOM1!  You are basically a wizard on a magic carpet, and you compete
with other wizards for these mana ball things.  You get mana balls by killing
the plethora of beasts(there's ALOT of them).  The beasts are just too cool!
All have there own sounds(like the monsters in Doom).  AWESOME sounds, and
music.  But the thing you will really be shocked at is the graphics.  THE
BEST FLIGHT SIM GRAPHICS EVER!  With such effects as fog, shadows, relections
(awesome), and many others.  And, wait till you see the water.  It moves!
It's very wavey.  The game terrain looks like you were thrown into a 
fractual generated world!  And it moves SMOOTH(at least on my 486DX2-66).
Pentium users are in for a mind-blowing experience.  And get this: the game
was taken from a CD!!!  And it has EVERYTHING!!!  69 levels of non-stop 
action.  You must get this is you even just like action games.  You won't
wanna miss this.  Be sure to get the META-ANSi docs!

10/10

        CyClones by SSi(programmed by Raven software), is a Doom-clone game.
It has some neat features.  Like, you can run UNDER and OVER sectors.  Can't
do that in Doom.  The engine isn't as smooth as Doom, but it's still very
good.  Use the mouse to aim your weapons.  This is the cool part.  You can
actually aim your weapon WHERE you want, for pinpoint accuracy.  The game
sports AWESOME sounds, but only OK music.  Get this is you want a new Doom-
like game, and Heretic and Triad aren't out...yet.

7/10


                       Brief Warez News 
                     
        DEFENDER OF THE EMPIRE, TIE Fighter add-on missions, are finally out!
Mutany has struck the Empire!  Defend the Empires factorys from take-over.
Look for a review soon...

        HERETIC, and RISE OF THE TRIAD have not been released yet.  They are 
a bit late.  Rumor has it that the groups are waiting till Xmas to release
Heretic, but I don't think they would really wait.  Although, we should see
both of these ANY day now.


                                Coming Soon

Here are some warez you should be seeing ANYTIME:

                                       Hammer of the Gods by New World
                                       Heretic by id/Raven
                                       Heroes of M & M by New World
                                       Rise of the Triad by Apogee

                                                Heretic

                                News Tidbits

In BULLFROG news...
                Syndicate 2, the sequel that everyone is waiting for, will
use the MAGIC CARPET engine.  You will be able to pick your own camera view!
You will also be able to go into buildings with your asasians.  Very cool.

In LUCASARTS news...
                Dark Forces, the game that uses a engine TOTALLY different
from Doom's(don't believe those lamers that say LA stoles id's baby).  WILL
have modem play, but to be released in a patch soon after the game's release.
The game itself will feature sector on top of sector action, unlike Doom.
It will include music from the Star Wars movies, and cut scenes.  January.


