COUSINS ISSUE #5 - April 1992

A place for the Witches, pagans, nature spirits, fey-folk, and assorted
elder kin of Sherwood to share ideas, challenges, dreams, and projects,
and to stir up a little magic of our own.

for more information about Cousins, contact Susan Gavula,
sjgavula@terminator.rs.itd.umich.edu


This Issue's Fun Word: SYNCRETISM

Attempted union or reconciliation of diverse or opposite tenets or
practices, especially in philosophy or religion; specifically the system
or principles of a school founded in the 17th century by George
Calixtus, who aimed at harmonizing the sects of Protestants and
ultimately all Christian bodies. (Almost always in a derogatory sense.)

C'mon, Cousins! Got any good ones? If there's a word shortage in this
fandom, I'm the Sheriff of Nottingham!

LETTERS

Julianne Toomey

Dear Cousins,

Back again, with a severe case of "be careful what you wish for, you
might get it." Goddess, working 9-5 as an editorial assistant in a
children's non-fiction publishing house wasn't quite what I had in mind
when I asked for a job... *Sigh*

Kitty - originality. Perhaps we've all tuned into the same archetype,
the same series of meanings behind the Robin Hood legend, which could be
why many writers come up with the same general ideas. Could be
collective unconscious - giggle!

I'm afraid I may have to agree to disagree with your opinion about
making the characters more (or other) than they were on the show.
Exploring and developing character is where the fun is - to me, at
least. There are many aspects of the band's personalities that Kip
probably had neither time nor the budget to show. As an author, I really
want to try and get inside the band's heads, try to dig a bit and come
up with the unusual. Who started this discussion anyway? Seems to me, I
may be agreeing with the originator.

Note: Arrow Flight is gone, along the lines of "I shot an arrow into the
air/It fell to earth I know not where." The editor never answers her
mail, even when you include a SASE. I think it's a bit impolite of her.

Your discussion of Robert's motivations is really neat! Please continue!
As for Lady Marion, I have my own pet theory (don't we all?) for her
apparent breakdown in Herne's Son. Owen said that he takes what he
wants. We know he wanted Marion. She apparently wasn't in any condition
to fight him off. I think such an attack is a perfect explanation for
her behavior. Any responses?

On a totally different topic, divining with a pendulum is something I've
done for years. I use an ancient owl ring affixed to heavy thread.
Before beginning, it's wise to establish the responses for "yes," "no,"
"I don't know," because they differ for different people. I've never
tried using it for waterwitching, but it works just dandy for answering
yes/no questions.

Morgana: Someone once told me that green in the early Middle Ages was
the color of criminals...I think. Can anybody help out here? Another
possible derivation of Robin in the Hood is "Robin in the Wood" or "of
the Wood." Think I found that one in Caitlin & John Matthews' The
Western Way: Vol. 1. Puts a slightly different slant on the Hooded Man.

Laura Woodswalker: Howdy! I have a copy of Women's Encyclopedia of Myths
and Secrets. It's out in paperback, but still expensive. Folks, this
book is WORTH THE MONEY! It says some fascinating things - a pity
copyright won't permit us to reprint the article. In short, it calls
Robin "God of the Witches," equates him with "Robin Redbreast," probably
so named from the sacred king with blood runes carved in his chest [now
there's a Saxon image! -H], as well as with the Lord of the Hunt. The
authors suggest Robin Hood, Wizard of the Greenwood, was a real person
who led Sherwood's 14th Century covens, along with his consort, who
became Mother of the Grove. [...and a Celtic image! -H] I dunno about
that. I can't get any other info on the titles.  Oh, and for those of
you who subscribe to the faery-Robin theory, this book quotes a legend
which says Robin was born of a virgin impregnated by Oberon. Sound like
any other sacred king to anybody?
A thought I'd like to toss out to anybody: In most of the traditional
ballads, Robin swears often "by our Lady." Would anyone like to argue,
er, discuss with the notion that this Lady was not the Blessed Virgin
Mary? If so, what would this imply? It could be later Christian gloss,
but according to Robin Hood by J. C. Holt, the very earliest Robin Hood
ballads were written down in the 1200's, and since we know that the
folks who could write back then were mostly monks, I have trouble
believing monks would bother to record the tale of a man who threatened
their lifestyle. Anybody else?

Laura again - Thank you for pointing out some of the idiocy in Cromm
Cruach. If you really look at this episode, it doesn't make much sense.
If it was a village of ghosts, as Elena's return would seem to signify
(but what was Meg doing there and how did Elena end up in a Celtic
afterworld?), then why didn't Loxley show? And why would Much imagine
himself a blacksmith's apprentice?  Of course, I tend to watch this one
because it digs into Will's character. Just can't resist.

As for the Silver Arrow...No, I promise I won't, Hilda. Most of us think
we know what it does!  Seriously, though, I never thought to wonder
about the Arrow as a talisman. Some fan authors have used it (me for
one, Jenni for another), but we never find out what it does. As for
Albion, do we have any proof that Loxley know about the sword's powers?
The only thing he seems to use it for - besides killing opponents - is
that marvelous oath-taking scene in Swords of Wayland.  Well, Albion is
virtually the main character of that episode. It ought to be important.
Sure, it's the sword of Herne's Son, but physically speaking, it went
through at least two incarnations - or was it 3? I think it was three;
one for each season. We never find out that those runes mean anything
until "Power of Albion," which is where the sword presumably shows
Marion a vision, although perhaps she was just tuned into the greenwood,
because she sees a vision in Witch of Elsdon, too. Gosh, am I making any
sense? As for Herne, check out Just Who Is This Herne Anyway? Hilda has
it on file. [Don't be lazy, send a SASE! -H]

I'd love to do the "writing pen pal" thing, but I haven't written
anything new in ages. I'm stuck on the third adventure in my "Anna of
Hadley Hall" series, which is 120 pages now and I don't know if it's
ever gonna see the light of day.

Todd: Another note on 13. The Knights of the Garter in England form two
covens - 12 plus the heir to the throne and 12 plus the king! Also, they
say that 13 is the maximum for a decent working circle with good
interpersonal relationships, but I don't know that for sure. I'd be
fascinated to know more about the secret Mormon belief in the goddess
with which you tantalized us. A note about Christians - I'm not going to
defend the indefensible. Christians of various sects did - and still do
- some pretty awful things, but I think you may have misunderstood
something you read about Christians uniting and representing the
negative - or perhaps I misunderstood you. What I think you meant was
that the various Christian factions needed to be united, so someone in
the hierarchy decided pagans as a common foe would do the trick. Am I
right? Because that's pretty much what happened. Personally, I don't
trust any religion which claims to be the "one true way." Christ
might've said "I am the way, the truth, and the life," but he didn't say
he was the only way. Yeah, I know most of you can probably finish that
quote with "no one comes to the Father except through me," but I'd point
out that he didn't mention the Mother and that there's some evidence
that Judaism did have a Goddess figure. [Asherah, or the Shekhina. -H]
Can y'all tell I'm a Libra? The Scales of justice.

Question - like Todd, I've heard and read the remarks about the garter's
meaning. Is this true in current Craft or in Craft tradition? Does
anybody know anybody for real who still subscribes to this idea?

You're right about modern paganism being encompassing. I believe that
villages in the Middle Ages were so isolated that each one could
conceivably have celebrated its own festivals under regional names, but
since Kip uses some Celtic names like Samhain, I'd assume we're working
under the broad umbrella of Celtic stuff. On the other hand, as near as
we can determine, RoS calls Beltain the "Time of the Blessing..."

The Spiral Dance is one of the first books I read when I got seriously
interested in Wicca.  Starhawk tells you the real basic stuff -
grounding and centering, for example - which you need to know if you're
gonna take this stuff off of a theoretical level and put it onto the
practical level. Even if you're not, she's written a book full of
wonderful, neato information. Don't miss it!

Phil: Your description is poetic! Beautiful! And I wouldn't argue with
any point you made.

Hilda - I'm not going to try to convince you that the pun on "masses"
was unintentional - but it was. Freudian slip, maybe?

Janet R. - Hi! You've just proved how much we have in common - Lord of
the Trees, Michael, Gulnar-yuck!, a passion for Celtic/British
archaeology... but you have a way of putting it all together in new and
unique combinations. I'd like to draw your attention to Kurtz's Lammas
Night, if you haven't already read it. It gets one of my highest
recommendations ever! I didn't know the details about Rufus, though. He
sure fulfills criteria for a Sacred King, doesn't he?

Glory of Elves - now where have I run across that?

Hilda - You seem to be urging tolerance of differences in regards to
fanfic. I heartily agree. I admit there are some themes I never want to
see again - the "Gisburne turns out to be a good guy," for instance -
but there must be something there for all those people to keep writing
those stories. The Loxley-is-perfect genre or the let's-get-Marion-out-
of-Halstead theme or the Robert-tells-Gizzy-they're-brothers series
really seems to strike a chord in new and old viewers. I freely admit
that I've added to the stock literature portfolio, but I think it was
because I had something I needed to say, and although I'm probably the
last person who should mumble this, I'm going to speak it our clearly -
let's give people a chance to explore characters in ways that they
choose. You can always write a LoC if you disagree, right? I hope I
haven't just stuck my foot in my mouth...I'm really not trying to offend
anyone, but I seem to have decided that I feel strongly (stronger than I
even knew) about this one.

I loveJyour cultural cauldron analogy! Can I toss some vervain in there?
(Hallucinogen, isn't it?)

P.S. Cath borrowed my copy of Conway's book, so I can't reread it in
light of your comments. I, on the other hand, remember disliking Murry
Hope, which Cath has also borrowed, so I can't get specific. *Giggle!*
Occasionally, being the local occult lending library comes in handy!

Yes, Chris and Denise have been notified about the festivity planned for
"Weekend." We are looking at a room party, fellow Cousins and interested
parties. At Jan's slumber party for RoS fans, a bunch of us came up with
the basics of the ritual. I'd like to open up the outline for comments
from Cousins.

Okay - here goes.

1.	Casting the Circle - feather (or fan) & incense passed around.
[Any allergic folks out there? -H]

2.	Calling the Quarters:
East - Nasir - nice flowers - Arabic bow or bell ringing
South - Will - light candle (as strength)
West - Much - water (standing in stream in the rain)
North - John - rock or salt (roots winding down)
Center/Spirit - Tuck (hearth, bits of fruit, cookies)

3.	Invoking Deity - Herne's Son and Maiden - we're emphasizing
balance/duality and trying to avoid partisanship.

4.	Stating our purpose - Raising energy with Herne chant: 	
Herne, Horned One
Hunter 'neath the northern sun
Watcher at the gates of winter
Flame on the wind.
(to the tune of "Hey, Ho, Nobody Home") 	
Intentions for strengthening friendships, helping each other, harmony in
the fandom. Or, as Herne said, "Defend the weak, protect the helpless,
fight against tyranny."

5.	Passing the blessing bowl to each other with "Herne protect us."

6.	Possibility of Sherwood visualization and/or song

7.	Ground

8.	Say goodbye to God & Goddess

9.	Dismiss Quarters - counterclockwise with gifts for each one
      Tuck - string of rosary beads
      John - staff/wand/something made from tree
      Much - crystal drop
      Will - candle lantern
      Nasir - medallion

10. Uncast circle

(11. Food!)

Anyone who wants to volunteer to take a part, let us know. Nasir is
taken. Jan and I are fighting over Scarlet [and he's eating it up -H],
but all of the rest are open.

Well, I really must go. May Herne protect you and the Lady guide your
way!

(Replies to Issue 4)

Dear Everyone, It's turning into l-o-n-g reply time from me, since I got
the last letter out just after Hilda sent the...letterzine? Is Cousins a
letterzine? [I think of it as a letterzine, but I don't call it one
unless I'm asked, because Carol has so spoiled people with Herne's
Stepchildren that folks might expect something similarly snazzy in
format. -H]

Janet V. - Hi! The two ways you mentioned of looking at the year cycle
are both interesting. I've read about both myself, and now that you
mention it, there is a violently confrontational nature to the Oak/Holly
myths - but it's interesting. Also interesting is your other idea of
cycle. I personally can't make up my mind between the two, but I really
enjoyed your discussion of them.

Adam Bell as a Hooded Man? Whatta concept! It makes so much sense,
especially given the "am I like him" theme of the episode. Hey, cool!
Thanks for sharing it!

That poor garter. I'M SORRY, EVERYONE! I'm willing to admit there may
have been more at work than a need to keep Michael's pants up. Goddess
only knows what Kip had in mind. Serendipity is a wondrous thing. As for
Robert, his legs obviously didn't need the help. Perhaps neither did he!

Does anybody out there (this is in response to a comment of Chris
Haire's) remember if Kip mentioned he'd used the Sacred King theme in
"Greatest Enemy?" I seem to remember having heard him say that at
Herne's Con 2. Was it just my imagination? P.S. Chris - I love the awful
pun about "together wee."

Tina: Thank you very much for the further info on the Matthews Robin
Hood book. During the between-newsletters time, I spoke with a friend
and mentioned the book. My friend then calmly informed me that "Caitlin
and John always send me their books as soon as they're published.
(*gasp,* I said.) I know you're into RH. You can have my copy (*gasp,* I
said again) as soon as I get it." Nice friend. Let you know when I see
it. Ritual masquing? Is that anything like a "masquerade," i.e. a ritual
drama, like Hilda's Beloved of Arianrhod?

Ariel: No good covens? I think we're going to enjoy disagreeing with one
another in print. How 'bout the entire village of Wickham? The Time of
the Blessing is fairly obviously Beltane and Robin "seals the bond
between we of the forest and you of the village, between the outlawed
and the oppressed...Blessed be." I believe in creative interpretation of
series events and I don't have to stretch my imagination far to see most
of Wickham as pagan (or paganoChristian, as someone recently called me).
Opinions? I'm open to well-reasoned discussions. Does anyone out there
know any specific sources for research (besides the obvious ones) on
pagan beliefs in Saxon England?

By the way, I've seen the theory about Jesus to which you referred.
Historical researchers - people who have apparently gone back to the
census rolls (you know, "Mary was with child when they went to David's
city of Bethlehem to be counted") have found no references to Jesus,
Mary, or Joseph. Other folks have researched Pontius Pilate and Herod
and found nothing about Jesus.  His name, itself, is symbolic. Christ
simply means "Messiah." [I read "anointed one." -H] It's a title, not a
name. As for his life, there's some really neat mythological stuff in
there, linking his birth date to the birth date of Mithras. His death is
reminiscent of...Tammuz, I think. It's been a while since I re-read this
stuff. As for the gospels, 3 of them are synoptic, with Mark's being the
earliest. Matthew and Luke apparently "borrowed" from him. These are
stories aimed at specific audiences. Luke's was aimed at the Gentiles,
for example. John's gospel is the mystical one (and my personal
favorite). Biblical scholars think that there were probably hundreds of
stories floating around in the first few centuries A.D.. The
institutional church picked and chose only 4 of them as canon, to keep
the people straight in their beliefs and to weed out "heresy." They
threw out the others - although scholars are still studying the recently
rediscovered Qumran scrolls, which have other gospels, some of which are
esoteric and/or magical in nature. Is that enough info for you or should
I go on? Biblical scholarship is a bit of a hobby of mine.

Remind me to loan you Robin Hood by Holt. It traces the character/man
historically. It's really interesting! You can read it in your "copious
spare time" (*giggle*).

Could you please elaborate on your comment that Gulnar goaded Owen to
his death? I'd be fascinated to know what's behind your comment, since I
always just assumed that Gulnar was attempting to fulfill his foreseeing
of the portcullis in relation to Owen. I thought Gulnar thought that
Robert was going to die beneath the 2 tons of metal. Now there's an
interesting what-if.  [Yuck! -H]

I hope somebody takes a stab at your Round Table query. All I remember
is that the Table came to Arthur through his marriage to Guinevere.
Originally, it belonged to her father. I know it was seen as a symbol of
equality, because no knight would be above another, and as a symbol of
unity.  None of this touches on the power of the Table, however.

Does Robin become a font of knowledge for Robert because he's dead?
(giggle)

Note to Edward III's garter incident. As well as the 2 symbolic thingies
you mentioned, it could also have been viewed as good old Edward setting
himself up as the protector of the Old Religion, symbolic of the god -
and we know what that means.

Carol: Your comments are fascinating! Feel free to spout as much trivia
as possible. I'm intrigued. Where can I find the info on Aelia
Pulcheria? And did you realize that "pulcher" is Latin for "beautiful?"

Laura and Hilda: Suggestion for Survey #2 - Do you think Marion stayed
at Halstead? Why or why not? Personally, I don't think she'd last more
than a month. Medieval cloisters were boring: pray every 3 hours, strict
discipline, rules of silence, need to conform...I wouldn't make it
there. Can you imagine Marion?!

Hope you won't mind if I take you up on some of your comments about your
unique perspective on Robin and Robert. Expect to see some of these
ideas in the fanfic about a year from now - or sooner, if you decide you
want to trade manuscripts. I finally finished the novel. My baby weighed
in at 210 pages - ye gods!

As for invoking the guys - Robin, stop looking over my shoulder - it's
not so much a question for me of invoking them as of making contact with
them. Fiction and poetry allow me to concentrate my energies on making
contact. Once I'm in contact, they're there. Robin looks over my
shoulder. He's been known to tell me I've just done something stupid.
Subtle, these guys are not.  Will is great for helping me be the
opposite of timid. Nas has been known to put his hand over my mouth to
shut me up. John is great for a hug when I'm feeling down. Tuck and I
discuss religion.  Much helps me be playful. Marion is so many things to
me - mother, guide, sister - that I can't even define them all. I think
this is what's meant by "contacting archetypes," but at the same time,
they all have a life of their own! Am I making any sense?

Kathy: re: pagan magazines. Ever seen Circle Network News, put out by
Circle Sanctuary?  Circle is run by Selena Fox and Dennis Carpenter and
a host of other nice people. Issues are quarterly and usually have a
theme. The last one was "Creativity" and it included articles on song,
dance, rituals for creativity, poems, and generally neat stuff.

Tara: Hi! Note on Celtic gods and goddesses. The Tuatha de Danaan were
the Children of Danu, who is more or less the Earth Mother, Mother of
All. she's very close to the Welsh Don (good luck with that accent mark,
Hilda), in her role. I'd never heard that the De Danaan were Children of
Nemed (who's Nemed?) descended from the Greeks. I think the idea of
their god-like status was for the level of the things they could do.
Hilda - help? You're better at the Celtic pantheon than I am. Cerridwen
is Welsh, and I tend to consider her Crone. You can probably find her
tale and Taliesin's covered in The Mabinogion. You have your facts
straight there, but consider the pagan who was calling Arianrhod the
"Earth Mother." Gulnar is one confused twit, to my mind.  In the
Mediterranean world, which may be the place from which the Celts
migrated, the serpent was a symbol of wisdom. Perhaps I could stretch a
point and suppose that it was occult wisdom?  In which case the story of
St. Patrick driving out the serpents from Ireland becomes a fine bit of
symbolism.

Ooooh! I love your nonchalant mention of Loxley fairy-leading Guy! It's
one of those "why didn't I notice that?" things!

Judi: Thank you for the wonderful info on Mu and Lemuria. It was very
interesting. I've read that the knowledge of Atlantis survived in
ancient Egypt, as well.

Hilda: You had to go and put Will Scarlet into your example of "the
Merries as ordinary humans doing magical things that ordinary humans can
do, with their only advantages the fact that their culture has only
partially brainwashed the people out of recognizing their own
abilities." You just had to go and do that to me. Now I have this plot
idea running around in my head, crashing into all sorts of other
interesting notions. Wait 'til you see what comes of your chance
comment, my friend!

What's a Harry Stu??

Another opinion survey question: What nationality (and I use the term
loosely) is Loxley? I agree with you. He makes a perfect dark Celt. Love
the comment about Robert's Scottish stubbornness!

Hmm. I have an idea. One of the original notions in Christianity was
that Christians are "a priestly people." That is, that each and every
single Christian is a priest or priestess. God only knows where the
concept got lost, although I'd hazard a guess that it was when the
institutional Church became an all-male hierarchy (because there's
evidence that in the first couple of centuries A.D. - or C.E. {Common
Era}, if you prefer - women were deacons, priests, and bishops in the
un-institutionalized Church). Anyway, perhaps this mindset of seeing the
Divine in each person is what we see in RoS brand paganism. Sounds like
neo- could use some of that!

This discussion of RoS and Tarot is really cool. I'm enjoying reading it
immensely!

Your comments on why we torture our favorite characters are insightful
and truly beautiful.

Gotta go. May Herne protect you!

Janet VanMeter

Merry Meet! What a nice surprise to receive Cousins 4 and see a LoC from
Mark Ryan! How incredibly neat! I'm glad he is amused by all of this!

I'd like to introduce some new topics for all of us to chew over. What
happened with Simon de Belleme? I mean, he seemed very much alive at the
end of The Enchantment. Did he have no interest in the new Hooded Man?
(must have been a Loxley fan, right?) Also, what happened to the Silver
Arrow? More on that a little later on. Another: was King Arthur - or
more exactly, his power - precedent over that of Herne the Hunter? And
why was the Round Table the "most precious thing in England," as opposed
to, say, the Grail? Any comments on any of these things?

While pondering over the Silver Arrow, I came up with some ideas on both
the Arrow and also Albion. Except for The Swords of Wayland, Albion
seemed to hold more power for Robert than for Robin. Could it be that
the Arrow was the more powerful symbol of the Hooded Man as portrayed by
Loxley, who personified more of the archer aspect of Robin Hood? And
Albion was the symbol for Huntingdon, the swordsman aspect of Robin
Hood? After all, the Arrow was said to be Loxley's 'protection' more
than once. Even Marion didn't know about Albion's power before
Huntingdon came along. So, to take this even further, since Ailric was
the Guardian of the Arrow, was Robin of Loxley the Guardian of the
Sword? To go even further, and really stretch the bounds of credibility,
since Loxley died by arrows, would Huntingdon eventually die by a sword?
Interesting theory - or total hogwash?

Well, so much for stream-of-consciousness rambling...and on to firmer
ground! The first mention of anything close to the idea of Robin Hood
"robbing the rich to give to the poor" was in the 1510 Geste, and that
was only a slight mention "of doing poor men good" in the intro and
ending stanzas. The story of the impoverished knight - which would later
become Sir Richard of Leaford in RoS - was the only story to touch on a
similar theme. In 1521, John Major in his History of Greater Britain
modified the intro of the Geste to include the "sparing of the poor and
giving them what goods were taken from abbots and rich earls." Then we
jump to the next progression of this theme starting with John Stow in
the 1614 Annales of England. From there, and especially with Martin
Parker's 1741 A True Tale of Robin Hood, followed by Ritson's 1795 Robin
Hood, the "robbing of the rich to give to the poor" was to be considered
canon as far as the Legend of Robin Hood was concerned. So that is where
we stand.

Herne protect.

Morgana

Dear Cousins: Hello and greetings to you all! As usual, the previous
issue was filled with fun and information! Keep it all coming!

Tina: The subject of shamanism is highly intriguing! It's literally the
Earth's oldest religion. Its worldview holds that spirits rule and
inhabit all things visible and invisible, and it was very important to
be on good terms with them! The shaman was the tribe's spiritual leader,
soothsayer, doctor, judge, artist, and "master of ceremonies." Visions
resulted from days of fasting, sleeplessness, sweat baths, self-
flagellation, and hallucinogenic herbs. The Shaman's magick was aimed at
securing the tribe's survival. They were the true Earth magick workers!
All weather aspects were viewed as manifestations of spirit powers, and
tribal people felt duty- bound to keep these powers in balance through
right living (honoring the spirits and ancestors, protecting the Earth
and Her children). Shamans offered guidance in correct spiritual
conduct, the methods of which varied according to situation, tribe,
deity, etc. They chose and prescribed or conducted rituals for every
eventuality. They derived authority not only from their knowledge but
also from their impressive appearance, wearing ornate headdresses and
robes decorated with hooves, tails, toes, and animal skins. They also
relied on certain knives, rattles, and natural objects that symbolized
their power (for this category Herne's silver arrow). These were handled
with sacred ceremony and though too magickally potent for the
uninitiated to touch. The shaman helped to provide game for the tribe
and was seen as the chief hunter/magickal ceremonist for a bountiful
hunt.

Hope this helps you out!

One or two things before I continue: Has anyone read Amber Wolfe's book
The Truth About Shamanism (Llewellyn)? Any opinions? Also, do any of you
have the April 1991 Fate magazine?  The cover story is "Powers of the
Shaman." I'd be willing to pay for a copy of the article.  Figures it's
the one issue I don't have!

Laura W.: I've heard that an old Roman or Middle Easter writer named
Josephus invented Jesus and made him into the Christian archetype (not
"Marketype"! Sorry, Mark, I'm not the originator!) for their hero/god.
The similarities between Christ and Pagan gods are striking, i.e. the
healings, miracles, his part in the Trinity (Father, Son, and Holy
Spirit equal the Triple Goddess; or Mary, Jesus, and Joseph equal Isis,
Horus, and Osiris) and finally his ultimate sacrifice for his followers
and the rest of humankind. Many of the New Testament stories regarding
his works were written many years after his death by those who took the
tales mostly from oral teachings and accounts of the miracles (read:
psychic/magical deeds). Let's face it, the disciples didn't trail along
after him with tape recorders or steno pads! So all we have to go on is
what's written down in a book that's gone through numerous translations
and changes for the last thousand or so years. There's also a theory
that there were three Jesus', but that's another response...!

There's a theory that Robin was real person (a theory I believe; I think
someone said Robert Fitzsooth Earl of Huntingdon) and the Merries and
their exploits were later added. If any of us are proficient time
travellers, then divulge what you know, good gentles!

Chris: In addition to Hilda's answer to the meaning of "cowan," I've
understood it to mean one who's studying Wicca and Paganism but who
isn't actually initiated into it. I studied the Craft for 6 years before
doing a self-initiation in March of 1986 and up until that time
considered myself a cowan.

Tina and Judi: I never knew Murry Hope was a woman! Decent!

Ariel: Lots of times "Wiccan" and "Pagan" are used interchangeably. But
think of it this way:  all Wiccans are Pagan, but not all Pagans are
Wiccan. Many modern-day shamans, ceremonial magicians, New Agers, and
environmental activists are not practicing the Craft and really don't
wish to be known as Wiccan.

For Round Table info, read Practical Celtic Magic pp. 201-5. She writes
about the religious and occult significances of the Table and sword
Excalibur/Caliburn. The latter she explains as housing the power of
Merlin manifest in matter, the same way I see Albion as the power of
Herne manifest.

Kathy: I've seen The Wicker Man a number of times. While actual
sacrifice has been a part of our Pagan past, I didn't think it too
accurate that modern Pagans are shown practicing it! I guess it was
"needed" for the plot... Intriguing, nevertheless. If anyone wants to
read the book, the authors are Robin Hardy and Anthony Shaffner (1978,
Pocket Books, NY).

Farewell, kind Sherwood-ites! If it weren't for Pennsic this August and
a possible archaeological dig, I'd love to meet a bunch of you at
"Weekend in Sherwood." My spirit shall celebrate with you!

Nansi Loser

Last week Issue #4 arrived and it (as well as the preceding issues) was
a fascinating read. I have a couple of "source" notes that someone might
find helpful: If you are interested in reading a wide-ranging pagan/neo-
pagan/wiccan/whatever forum of articles, letters, ideas, ceremonies,
etc., a good place to start is by subscribing to a zine called Harvest.
I found a copy in an occult store in Salem, MA this past fall and
subscribed. I believe that the folks who are responsible for putting it
out live, primarily, in and around Boston (geography isn't a strong
point of mine, but at least I know it comes out of Massachusetts!)
Anyone interested in checking it out can contact the subscription people
at Harvest, P.O. Box 378, Southborough, MA 01772.

A novel that is an excellent read, as well as being a great explanation
of the idea of the sacrificial king, is Lammas Night by Katherine Kurtz.
I don't know if it is still in print - I picked up my copy in a used
book store, and I have seen it in used book stores since. Also, the
library probably has copies. Ms. Kurtz draws heavily on wiccan lore,
mythology, and Margaret Murray for her well-paced, in-depth novel. At
its core is the concept of "And the slayer shall be the slain..." etc.,
an endless cycle of death and rebirth. In one part of the book, she has
a moving and chilling retelling of what happened when William Rufus was
shot with an arrow while out hunting - coincidentally enough, on Lammas.
The novel has other flashbacks, with the primary story taking place in
Britain during the Second World War, just when everything looked
blackest. There were rumors for years that Britain's covens and other
pagan groups got together to raise the power and turn back Hitler from
his intent of invading the island, and Lammas Night is one depiction of
what might have happened. I highly recommend it - it is a darn good
read.

On the subject of the sacrificial king - I think it is a mistake to try
to look at how medieval and ancient peoples felt about human sacrifice
through late 20th century eyes. Our emphasis on the primacy of the
individual over the group was not their worldview (it couldn't have
been, or they would have died off even more quickly than they did
anyway). I think Joseph Campbell says it best when he talks about the
fact that the person being sacrificed did not necessarily think of
themselves as doomed or a victim - there is ample evidence that it was a
joy and a privilege to be chosen. Some tribe - I don't have Campbell's
book here, but I believe it was the Mayans - used to sacrifice the
"captain" of the winning team of their ball games, because by winning
the game, he had earned this particular privilege. [I heard the same
thing from our tour guide in an old Mayan ball court. -H]

General Blather: Hats off to Spirit of Sherwood for producing On Target
- an excellent zine. I really enjoyed the ones I had an opportunity to
read. I wish we were able to make it to Weekend in Sherwood this year,
but we just can't be two places at one time. [Even holographically? -H]
I'm going to miss the con a lot, especially as the first (and only, to
date) RoS con I've been at was Son of Herne's Con in Ithaca, New York
last June, and it was the most enjoyable and interesting con I've been
to in any fandom! All the people I met and got to talk with were
extremely friendly and very knowledgeable on a huge range of subjects. I
was sorry to go home at the end of the event. And Weekend in Sherwood
sounds like more of the same delightful goings on.

On People Getting Hyper, etc.: I do think, though, that Chris
misinterpreted my comment in my and Nancy's first letter to
Hilda/Cousins, when she says she can't imagine anyone in RoS being
"hyper," etc., about who's pagan and so on... unless (I think this is
the quote) "you were trying to convert them..." I have never and would
never try to convert anybody to anything, [You've never tried to convert
Todd's computer files! -H] especially religion in any form. Sometimes,
when I see the latest craze blowing in from California (like some People
magazine cover story on the popular and lucrative worship of ZATAL the
chicken with a sunburst on its chest!!!) I wish I could bring myself to
do it. I would like to own a couple of Mercedes and be interviewed by
Barbara Walters. But what would happen when my non-profit organization
came up for that dreaded IRS audit???? NAHHH. [Now here's a woman who
can count to three! -H] Besides, the traditions I've trained in strictly
forbid any proselytizing. Anyway, my comment was very general: "...a day
or two before the Newsletter arrived, we were talking about the fact
that it is so difficult to figure out who you can talk to about the
Craft/Old Religion/myths, etc., and who is going to get all offended and
hyper about the fact that we hold Pagan beliefs!" - RoS folk, please be
assured I was not referring to anyone in RoS in particular or even in
the specific. I just meant it is difficult in life in general, including
different fandoms, to figure out who you can talk to, etc. I stand by
the statement, though. I haven't been involved in RoS fandom long enough
to have any idea who is who or what they believe, but I have found out
the hard way that just because someone likes the same TV show I do or
whatever, that doesn't mean they're tolerant of pagans, witches, "/"
stories and so on. Unfortunately, it pays to be a bit careful.

Hmmm...I read the comments about what is Robin of Sherwood and what is
not with great interest, since I am a writer, but have not yet attempted
anything in this fandom, though I've written for years in other fandoms
and I actually got hooked on the show during its original run on
Showtime in the 1980's. The writing bug to do a RoS story just didn't
bite until recently. I would say that there certainly seems to be enough
within the parameters of the aired series to allow any writer a lot of
scope to carry on with. However, question (excuse the ignorance): Does
this mean that extrapolation from or explanation of points raised in the
series, but perhaps not really explored on screen, must be avoided? If
that isn't avoided, does it change the story from being in RoS to being
some kind of A/U hybrid that is Robin Hood, but not Robin of Sherwood?
Is there a zine editor out there with some guidelines for a novice in
this fandom???? Anyone kindly enough to lend a hand or answer my
questions will be greatly appreciated.

Ariel

Hello everyone! It's nice to see that spring is finally beginning to
grace the Northern Hemisphere with its presence! My latest acquisition
is a copy of Marion Zimmer Bradley's Mists of Avalon, which I bought
used, in perfect condition, for $6.00 from a used book store.

Janet V.: Your ides about Adam Bell are quite interesting. I can easily
see him as a previous Hooded Man. As for Robert's not having a garter,
perhaps he's still "in training" for one. (More on this later.)

Chris H.: You make a good point about harmony in fandom. Let's not ruin
a good thing. I've heard so many nightmare stories about internal
dissent that has broken up clubs in other fandoms.

As for historical questions: a good encyclopedia will have overall
details on just about any topic.  For more in-depth information, most
libraries have good resources. Check out your local library!  It's a
wealth of information waiting to be discovered.

I'm glad you liked my article. Your comment on people reading fanfic
more recently than they've watched the actual series certainly rings
true. Also, you bring up a great point about the "Guy turns good" genre.
Isn't it okay to like a character because he or she is bad? I love the
sheriff for that very reason: he's rotten and makes no bones about it! I
agree that the "Saracen's Tale" is excellent, easily one of the best
pieces of fanfic written in the past year.

I agree with every point in your letter except one. I do NOT think
Robin's disguising himself as Herne in "Lord of the Trees" is any
indication of "natural progression." Robin does this because Herne is
injured and can't walk. Robin's disguise is meant to draw Gisburne away
from the villagers and into the forest, where Herne's power (fueled by
Gisburne's own paranoia) gives the Norman a fright he'll never forget. I
think that taking on a position like Herne's requires a lot of training
and discipline that Robin just wouldn't have time for. Between being an
outlaw and performing the tasks necessary for simple survival in the
forest, Robin would hardly have time to be Herne's spiritual apprentice.
(It's not like being a full-time employee of the 20th century and going
for your degree at night!)

In this light, perhaps the garter is a symbol of someone who follows the
Pagan tradition, who has accepted the Old Ways, but is not a full-
fledged priest of priestess (in the sense that Herne is).  This, of
course, is pure speculation. By extension, perhaps the reason Robert
doesn't wear a garter is that while he follows Herne, respects him, and
accepts his guidance, he hasn't fully accepted Paganism (that
skepticism, again)? Maybe at a later date, after having some time to
sort through what he really believes, Robert would feel comfortable
wearing a garter.

Laura W. Todd: I have a number of favorite quotes, but my all-time
favorite has to be Tuck's line in Swords of Wayland: "Pacts with the
Devil aren't legally binding!"

I agree that Jason's and Michael's looks are enough to make any writer
forget about the other characters. However, I have read piles of stories
that focus around Marion. Among the other characters, I would have to
guess that Gisburne probably comes in next (in terms of number of
stories where he's a central character), followed by Nasir and Will.
John, Tuck, and Much don't get much of a shake (although recently there
have been a handful of stories about Much).  Interestingly, the sheriff
doesn't get much print time, and he's easily one of the best characters
in the series!

I agree with you on Marion's feelings about Robert. I would guess that
by the end of Time of the Teeth she's pretty well shell-shocked and
maybe doesn't know what she feels, so inertia (or at least a permanent
state of numbness) is easier for her than trying to come to terms with
her own emotions. I don't think it would take her long to realize that
convent life would drive her batty!

I utterly agree with you that so many TV series don't delve into the
characters in a way that's really satisfying. For a good reason, too:
it's the plot that sells the story. A series where the characters all
sat around contemplating their navels would hardly do well in the
ratings. I do, however, wish that series would have more consistency in
their plotlines.

I disagree with you that Robert's behavior in Herne's Son is irrational.
He pretty much knows what he has to do to convince the band to follow
him. First he tries verbal persuasion, and when that doesn't work,
physical force. This serves two ends: making the outlaws realize he's
not a sissy-pants nobleman (that he has the strength necessary to be
Herne's Son), and giving the outlaws a chance to vent their anger and
resentment. Once these two obstacles are overcome, he can then set about
the serious business of planning to rescue Marion.

According Anglofans Unlimited's guide to fandom, "get-em" stories were
developed as a "requisite bit of character suffering" that heroes had to
go through. Plot-wise, you can also create suspense by having your hero
tortured as opposed to killed outright, so that an accessory character
can then perform an elaborate rescue. This is why so many villains tend
to be sadistic maniacs and why no "baddies" ever get mistreated in
fanfic: nobody would care! Also, torture often leads to "hurt/comfort"
situations.

Kathy Allard: How do we know Robin was a Pagan? He prays for Herne's
guidance a couple of times and "swear(s) by Herne the Hunter" in Lord of
the Trees. He seems pretty pagan to me! Of course we don't know what
faith, if any, the actual, historical Robin Hood followed, but in Kip's
version, I would say that Robin is a Pagan. You're right about the anti-
Christian vibes in fanfic:  some people take it too far. It's not the
beliefs, but the corrupt practices, that I think most people are opposed
to. Like Robin's telling Hugo that he doesn't respect the Church "while
you're in it."

I'm afraid I take exception to your comment that Cousins should be a
forum for magical discussions only. The "magic" of the series is so
intertwined with the series itself that it's hard to separate one from
the other, and a discussion of a magical aspect of the show could easily
lead to a more general discussion of the series as a tangent. I would
hate to see this newsletter get boxed into an "absolute" category.

Judi Kincaid: Hi! Your thoughts on the script problems in the 3rd series
are right along what mine are, with one exception. I don't feel that
Robert's motivation for leaving Huntingdon is vague. He tells Little
John that he "saw injustice everywhere," and it's obvious that he and
his father have some differences in philosophy. I think the deep-down
motivation is expressed between the lines of dialogue: watch Robert's
expressions and reactions in that episode and you'll get an idea of what
he's feeling.

For a really great fictional account of Atlantis that ties in
beautifully with the Arthurian legend, read Stephen Lawhead's Pendragon
Cycle, Taliesin, Merlin, and Arthur. They're well-written, with a great
Celtic feel.

Hilda: Hello! I think the reason you classify Robin as a Celt is that
Michael Praed, as an actor, is rather Irish-looking. But his character
is supposed to be a Saxon. (His father was leader of the Saxon
rebellion, remember).

Rache's Loss was printed in Albion 5. Her serious work is as compelling
as her humorous work is hysterically funny.

The remainder of your comments are so right-on that if I commented on
each one of them, I'd fill up an entire column saying, "Yes! Yes! Yes!"
Your pun at the end was awful! Hilda, you get worse and worse (or is
that better and better!) Who knows? Who cares? I'm off to print this and
have some dinner.

Merry Meet, Merry Part.

Kate Raymond

Dear Cousins: I wanted to write and thank each and every one of you who
wrote and/or phoned with condolences on my Mother's passing. As many of
you stated, it is "times like these" that one needs friends... I thank
you all for your love and friendship.

I feel I've been forced to take a new path, one not yet traveled, but
it's comforting to know that I'm not traveling it alone.

I know it's been used over and over, but somehow it seems appropriate to
say...

"Nothing's Forgotten, Nothing's Ever Forgotten"

With Love and Magic, Kate Raymond

Jan Fennick

News from the Isle of Long:

Merry meet, Cousins. Since this is my first time in these here pages,
I'll try to make it brief.  Besides, I'm still trying to digest what
everyone else has said in the previous 4 issues. Would you believe I'm
at a loss for words? Hilda, is that physically possible?

Announcement to everyone: There will be a Cousins gathering/informal
ritual held some time during Weekend in Sherwood. Time and place yet to
be announced, but have no fear - it won't conflict with any other neat
con stuff happening at the time. Assorted details following. A group of
us had a brainstorming session in the midst of my first annual 29th
birthday party and I, for one, was pleased with the results so far.
Anyone who wants to give suggestions as to what they'd like to do/see
there is more than welcome to speak up.

I also hope that all our non-Pagan, non-Wiccan Cousins will come and
join us, too. The circle is about Light and Love and we certainly want
you all to share it!

Julianne: First of all, it's so nice to think I'm so well known that I
can go by the name of "Jan" now. Does this put me in the same category
as other one-named wonders like Cher? Or Madonna?  Wait...I dunno if I
want to know the answer to that. Thanks for letting everyone know where
we're going (I think) with the Cousins ritual. I've been told there's a
coven of Herne the Hunter somewhere in the Washington, DC area, but
that's about it. This I got from someone off Compuserve. He was going to
try and give me a contact address, but so far no luck.

I would like to revise what we're trying to do re: the "tradition." I
don't like to use the word "reconstruct" because you can't reconstruct
something that may or may not have existed. And even if it did, we're
dealing with fragments at best. Besides, it sounds like all those stuffy
people who claim they're practicing age-old traditions that are actually
only a few weeks old.  Next we'll have to say we were initiated by Herne
in our kitchen at the age of five. A better way to state it is "we're
creating a tradition based on historical background AND artistic
license."  At least that's what I think we're trying to do, aren't we?

Woodswalker: Thanks for the utterly shameless plug for Forbidden Forest!
I'm so glad you liked it. I guess I feel honored to be publishing a zine
that "shows a side of him (Robin) that we didn't see on HTV." Actually,
all sides, if you check out the illos, too. Without getting into a whole
discussion about pornography vs. erotica, I will say that one of the
reasons I wanted to put out that kind of zine was because of the Pagan
and magickal elements of the show. A lot of Paganism is tied up with
sexuality (i.e. fertility rituals) and I think we've proven we're grown
up enough to handle that part of the show without giggling. There's also
lots of room for sex magick (which Kip gave us a hint of in "The
Enchantment") as well as other possibilities.

Well, I'm back to being a passive observer! Merry part, everyone!

Raven

Dear Cousins: Have we really reached Issue #5 already? Wow! It just
keeps getting bigger and better with every one. I finally have a chance
to respond to all the conversations going on here...boy, you guys all
type too fast. It seems like every time I sit down to answer you,
another issue lands in my mail box. Really, Hilda, you're just too
bloody efficient! Actually, I'm rather blown away by the level of
intelligence and wisdom permeating the pages of this 'zine. I learn
something new every time I pick up an issue. As it says in the Tao Te
Ching, "The farther one travels, the less one knows." I, for one, am
still travelling. Thanks to all who answered my previous
questions...here go some more ravings.

Issue #3:

Kitty - Quite right about how RoS characters are handled in fan fiction.
I don't like reading stories where the characters are so omnipotent or
powerful that they lack all credibility.  However, you have to be
flexible because some artistic license is allowable. I'm sure there are
quite a lot of good stories out there that Kip has read and thought "why
didn't I do that?" If you tread on eggs and worry about how the series'
writers would have handled a character in a given situation, you defeat
the whole purpose of fan fiction.

Herne as the last of a dying race? Do you read a lot of Michael
Moorcock? (Sorry I couldn't resist that...) I have always seen him more
as a Celtic Shaman myself. The God who "rides" him (yes, I know I'm
mixing my practices here) just happens to be Herne the Hunter. We don't
have to see the other Gods to know they're there. Otherwise, where would
Gulnar presumably get his power? However, you did raise an interesting
point about Gods-in-training. With the coming of Christianity, might it
be that it's more difficult to find successors for the role of
Shaman/Magician? Or have I just watched "Excalibur" one too many times?
By the way, I recommend reading John Matthews' The Celtic Shaman. Really
riveting reading.

I also want to correct your statements about Black Magick. As far as I
can tell, Dark Magick existed in all parts of the world, not just the
Middle East. A lot of times it stemmed from the conquering of one
culture by another. A perfect example is the name "Beelzebub." Ba'al was
a perfectly nice ancient Sumerian God who didn't mesh with the Hebraic
pantheon. The early Jews decided anyone who worshipped him (and not
their god) had to be a worshipper of devils. Just to prove their point,
they saddled poor Ba'al with the title of "Lord of the Flies." In
Babylonian culture, Ishtar was originally the Mother Goddess. When the
matriarchal culture was overthrown by a patriarchal one, Ishtar became
the Dark Mother and the Great Whore of Babylon. However, her worship
continued, but not necessarily as a positive practice. If you check
esoteric Jewish texts, there are pages upon pages of the hierarchy of
demons, most of whom were spawned by Lilith, Adam's first wife. Most
practitioners of Black Magick are people out for personal power and
personal gain when they have no other recourse (or no conscience). This
is true no matter what society you're dealing with.

Woodswalker: I'm into Tarot, too. It would be fun to design a RoS tarot
and I like the correspondences you came up with in Issue #4. I'm still
trying to think of some myself. I despise the Hanson-Roberts deck. Too
cute for words! Have you seen the John and Caitlin Matthews Hallowquest
Arthurian Tarot deck? It's absolutely beautiful. They also use their own
Arthurian names and symbols in lieu of the "standard" interpretations
which makes it quite interesting to read from. I know Mark Ryan has this
deck from a conversation we had at Herne's Con. Has anybody else seen
this or tried to use it?

I think Gulnar was trying to kill off everyone in Cromm Cruac. I've
always thought of Herne as a Shaman of the Lord of the Trees. Gulnar was
trying to kill the man, not the God, perhaps knowing that there would be
no one powerful enough to replace him. I don't believe Gulnar is
powerful enough to kill a God, although he might not agree with that.
Actually, I think Fenris can be killed because somehow in Norse
mythology he's not quite a god but a godling (son of Loki by something
or other, isn't it?) But it may be only by another Aesir. Anyone else up
on their Viking studies?

Todd: A Mormon? Way cool. I don't know much about Mormonism, so it will
be enlightening to hear a very different viewpoint. Have you ever been
to Rochester, New York? That's where John Smith had his first vision. I
didn't know that until very recently. I'm also really fascinated by the
mystical aspects of the religion as you describe them.

Just an aside - I was told in my art history classes that the depiction
of horns on the heads of certain Biblical characters was really a
misinterpretation of "rays of light." An example would be Michelangelo's
Moses. That would be an interesting explanation for why Lucifer is
horned, wouldn't it? I don't know if this is true or my prof's pet
theory (he was a very strange man) but it does make you think, doesn't
it?

Julianne: I have Celtic Magic by D.J. Conway. The cover is very pretty
and there are a few useful bits of information in there, but I tend to
agree with Hilda on the validity of her work.  Thank you for the
recommendation of the Matthews book. I will hunt that one down. Your
associations with the Quarters are definitely "easy and fun" and it
works, too. I have more problems with the associations of Robin and
Marion, but that may stem from the fact that I don't see either of them
as God and Goddess. Have you decided on which Robin you're using?

Hilda: You're getting overprotective of free speech in fan fiction!
Raven say RELAX! You're right that we shouldn't pigeonhole the RoS
characters to such a degree that they can't breathe, but certain writers
tend to go overboard, too. Yes, "what if" is our life blood, but if I
wrote a serious story where it turned out that Robin was really from
Planet Skyron in the Galaxy of Andromeda, I would HOPE that people would
take offense. Making him a Sidhe is just as outrageous and in my opinion
just as offensive.

Do you really like the Fantasy Showcase deck? I think it's lovely to
look at, but terrible to read from. The diversity in the cards makes
that impossible.

Not only did the Jews have Shekinah (who still shows up in the Saturday
night Havdalah service as "The Sabbath Queen") but they also had
"Asheera" a.k.a. Ishtar/Astarte. Like many other Middle Eastern
societies at the time, Judaism went from matriarchal to patriarchal. The
dual nature of God/dess was pared down into one masculine deity, but in
the Torah one can still find occasional feminine nouns for the name of
God. Not the best way to cover up your past. Check out The Hebrew
Goddess by Raphael Patai for more intriguing stories...

I've seen The Wicker Man. My circle and I used to go to all the showings
at the local arts theater and root for the Pagans. Yes, we were very
mature. If there IS defamation in it, it's on both sides. Detective
Sergeant Howey isn't exactly painted in the best light either. Bit of
trivia for you: Jason's mum, Diane Cilento, is in it. She's the school
teacher. The screenwriter, Antony Schaefer, is her husband (Jason's
step-father). As far as I know, Christopher Lee is not a relative!

Issue #4:

Christine: I don't like the idea of putting labels on people or the Us
vs. Them mentality either.  However, I have known many Pagans who think
themselves spiritually superior to non-Pagans, just as I've known
Christians, Moslems, and Jews with the same attitude. I hope that
Cousins is a place where we can all share our diverse beliefs and learn
from one another rather than saying "my god's better than your god."

Unfortunately, there are a few fen who do "get all offended and hyper
about the fact that" we "hold Pagan beliefs" in RoS fandom. Not everyone
is as open-minded and knowledgeable about Paganism as you. While I
haven't encountered any overt prejudice, I do have some friends in
fandom who would be VERY upset if they learned I was a Witch. Rather a
case of Open Minds vs. Closed.

I agree with you about Janet Van Meter's explanation of just where the
Goddess is RoS. Kind of like "Home is where the heart is" or something
equally lofty. Our Lady of Sherwood? Has a nice ring to it.

And thank you for telling Janet Reedman exactly what I was going to say
about Marion and Robert.  I love both Robins, but it amazes me how often
I wind up defending Robert these days! To add to your comments: Robert
didn't even SEE Marion at the end of Greatest Enemy, yet he took up the
Hood and saved Nasir, Will, and John. How do you explain his actions if
he "only did it for Marion?" Considering the fact that she goes BACK to
her father at the end of Herne's Son with no intention of rejoining the
band, why didn't Robert just do the same? He could very easily have
wooed her as Robert, the Earl's Son. Perhaps even demanded her hand in
marriage as his "payment" for saving her. (That's a move more worthy of
Gisburne, but it's a thought.) If those ideas still haven't sunk in, I
suggest reading a few books on Buddhism. Siddhartha Gautama was also a
noble who gave up everything he had to help the downtrodden. [While
sitting under a bow tree? Hey, yew started it! -H]

Mark: Welcome! Knocked MY socks off to see you listed alongside the rest
of the Family. I know who is responsible for "Marketypes" but I'm not
telling. I'm anxiously awaiting the Wildwood Tarot. Any hint of a
release date? If it's anything like The Hooded Man, I'm sure we'll all
be quite satisfied with the results.

I'm still struggling through Foucault's Pendulum myself. I feel like I
need a stack of occult and esoteric dictionaries to look up all the
references, though! Phew. By the way, do you know anything about the
book Holy Blood, Holy Grail and the other books by the same authors? The
subject matter seems to be right up your alley. And yes, what is a
ritual masquing?

Ariel: Hello! I'm glad I'm not the only one who likes Gulnar! I know
he's mad, but he's not atypical of other people I've known. Mainly the
ones who claim to be Satanists! There's a certain strain of insanity
that goes along with the territory.

Good point about Robert's portrayal in stories. Vulnerable is one thing;
a spineless weepy adolescent is another. Are there any stories written
where Robin is that wimpy?

I once went to a Catholic Nuptial Mass (all in Latin and 2 hours long,
mind you) and the only thing that kept me awake was the artwork. I
suddenly noticed the figures of the Virgin Mary were all standing on a
crescent moon! Isn't it the Magdalene who is usually depicted in Red?

I've never read any Arthurian legends that state that the Round Table
actually has any power.  (As compared to Excalibur, the Holy Grail, and
the like.) It usually is depicted as a wedding present from King
Leodegranz to Arthur and Guinevere. Leodegranz was her father. The
standard symbolism is that it was circular in nature so that "no knight
would stand above another" while in council. If you want more insight,
read The Mists of Avalon by Marion Zimmer Bradley and/or the Merlin
series by Mary Stewart.

Regarding the Gospels: they were most certainly written at different
times by different people!  In fact, there are inherent discrepancies
between all four of them AND others that have been uncovered since then.
Actually more like recovered after being rejected by the Church's
compiler of "official canon," Bishop Anthanasius of Alexandria, in 367
CE. The Gospel of St. Mark is considered to be the earliest (about 66-74
CE). Mark was said to be from Jerusalem and a friend of St. Paul's. The
earliest version appears to have been composed in Rome and written for a
Greco-Roman audience. The Gospel of St. Luke dates from about 80 CE.
Luke was a Greek doctor who wrote for the Roman population of Caeseria,
which was then the capital of Palestine.  The Gospel of St. Matthew was
derived from Mark's gospel about 5 years later. It was written in Greek,
but the author may have been Jewish. The information in those three
gospels is fairly congruous with enough overlapping to have come from a
single source. However, the Gospel of St. John doesn't match with any of
them. There is no explanation of who John was or when it was written,
although the earliest version was from Epheseus in 100 CE. It has
stories no other Gospel has and there is no mention of the Nativity or
Jesus' early life. Some biblical scholars think that this is the reason
it may have been written earlier and be the closest to the truth!

If you're interested in the historical background of Christianity, try
reading Holy Blood, Holy Grail. It was written by three English
journalists who have some very interesting theories regarding the
accuracy of the bible and Christ's life. The title stems from the
possible misinterpretation of "Sang Real" (Holy or Royal Blood) and "San
Greal" (Holy Grail) (Pardon my French there.) There is quite a lot more
to the story than that, but any more information would give it away.
There's quite a bit about the Templars in it as well.

I'm sure there's lots more to respond to, but I want to leave room for
everybody else! Blessed be and welcome to all our newest Cousins.

Hilda Julianne - Your theory about Marion's breakdown in Herne's Son is
utterly disgusting and the best guess I've heard so far. It neatly mops
up the erstwhile character discrepancy.

I read somewhere that wearing green pegged a woman for a wanton and a
man for a walking target for otherworldly meddling. Didn't Janet in Tam
Lin wear green? Or how about the Padstow May Song:
   Arise up Miss *** all in your gown of green
   You are as fine a lady as wait upon the Queen.
Pardon the expression, but...which Queen?

By the time that the more guttermouthed ballads in which Robin (and, it
seems, just about everybody) swears constantly "by our Lady" were
actually written, it was probably safer and certainly more common to
swear by the Blessed Virgin Mary than by any Lady more appropriate to
Robin's times and lifestyle. Besides, it rhymes with so many things! "By
Christ who died on a tree" was another favorite, for the same reason.
I'm sure the Church really appreciated this sort of "gloss," incessant
and gratuitous swearing for the sake of a rhyme... In many ballads,
Robin was portrayed as a hero who prayed often to Mary and would harm no
woman because of his love for the Blessed Virgin. It certainly suited
the ballads' time well enough, and wouldn't get you kicked out of a
tavern or off of the fairgrounds (unless you sang like Alan A Dale.)

I never thought of Cromm Cruach as being populated so much by ghosts as
by illusions, specifically those most able to elicit despair. I don't
think Gulnar created those specific illusions, but just set up a "panic
field" in which the outlaws would see situations which would manifest
their deepest fears, drawing on the evil generated by the slaughter of
the original village. Gulnar then observed exactly what those situations
were and played off of them.

About garters - ask a Gardnerian, or perhaps an Alexandrian. I know
better than to pry about such things, at least with a Press card pinned
to my dress!

VERVAIN - Rodale's Illustrated Encyclopedia of Herbs, as well as Maude
Grieve's Modern Herbal, extol vervain's magical virtues far more
strongly than its attributed medicinal qualities as an astringent,
antispasmodic, diaphoretic, etc., but neither mentions hallucinogenic
properties.  Rodale's cautions you not to toss too much in, or you might
make us all sick to our stomachs!  Vervain is said to have sprung from
Isis' tears for the fallen Osiris, and to have staunched the wounds of
Jesus Christ. Its Latin name means simply "sacred boughs." In Wylundt's
Book of Incense, Steven R. Smith informs us that vervain is sacred to
the planet Venus and to the element of Earth; and logically concludes
that it's an aphrodisiac. He suggests using it for consecration,
creativity, inspiration, knowledge, love, magic, and about a zillion
other things. I expect that vervain's ability to enhance vision is more
magical than biochemical - but like they say in New Hampshire, whatever
works...

Regarding the circle at Weekend - I'd like to do 4, 5, 6 in the order 6,
4, 5, so we can place ourselves in our hearts' home, then charge the
blessing mead and water with the Herne chant and pass it. Sigh - ritual
by committee is always interesting! I'd welcome changes and reorderings
but caution against additions. It's already huge and complicated, and
I'm afraid of two possibilities: losing our purpose in all of that form,
and making people who've never worked ceremonally before feel out-of-
place or stupid. We're trying to live an ideal better suited to farmers
than to students, and I'm really worried that our ground-in competitive
culture will make people nervous about not understanding every little
bit of a rigid structure. I'll handle the grounding and, unless somebody
else wants to, the Sherwood visualization.

What's your opinion - should we have the Cousins party first, and
mention the circle at the party; or should we have the circle quietly
(with only a "Cousin Jennet" announcement on the con board) and have an
official party later? I lean toward the second option, but I'm wobbling.
On the one hand, this is the Midwest we're talking about, and it's a
first-time con. Discretion is paramount.  On the other hand, I don't
want anyone who's out of the mailing loop to miss what could be a very
healing circle, and I definitely don't want to publicize the ritual on-
site. Chris! Help! The answer might be in our bannerhead, which I just
found out is a horrendous pun. The Gaelic word for vine is "muin." Maybe
we'll just have to jump-start the grapevine! But as anyone who's ever
played "Telephone" will know, it's a shaky form of communication at
best, with almost no mechanism for quality control. I don't know what we
should do.

"Ritual masquing" usually refers to the use of an actual mask to help
you take on an archetype.  If you can get your hands on a copy of Doreen
Valiente's An ABC of Witchcraft, look up "the Dorset Ooser" as a good
example of a magical mask. Humans respond most strongly to a person's
face as an indicator of that person's identity, far more so than, say,
their scent or their voice.  You can use a mask to try on another
"face," another self. Nowadays, when most women's selves are
unacceptable as is, many a woman can hardly function until she's got her
"face" (makeup) on. Changing your facial appearance is a very strong
strategy for changing your self- concept. A few swipes of "mascara" (!)
can make a huge difference.

The matter of whether Wickham counts as a coven may hark back to your
letter in Issue #3, where you describe the Paganism depicted in Lord of
the Trees as "... relaxed and easy, natural, part of their lives." The
residents of Wickham are religious people who live their beliefs, but
I'd stop short of calling them a coven. A coven is largely defined by
its closure, and anybody born in Wickham (or even just there visiting a
Cousin!) would be welcome to celebrate the Blessing with them. Also,
covens meet for Sabbats and Esbats, and many have complex internal
structures and hierarchies of responsibility and training. Wickham is a
village.

Another side of that matter is that we may have seen very few "good
covens" or good Witches in RoS because people don't tend to recognize
beneficent magic as magic at all! It often tends to get written off as
superstition or "white light." The movie Sorceress, aside from being an
engrossing bit of entertainment, explores this phenomenon beautifully.

On names that are really titles: how about Robin? Robert becomes the
Hooded Man, and therefore (hope it's not too Cornishly corny) the
generative principle "Robin." At least I think so.

Birthday boys: "The birth of the Son, the birth of the Sun..." Sometimes
a pun is more than just fun.

I'll leave the "Did Marion stay at Halstead" replies within the text of
people's letters, as they're bound to be lengthy. For the record, mine
is: "Only as long as it took her to get her bearings and realize that
she didn't want to dishonor Robin's memory or betray his love by
becoming something he couldn't even respect." Outright fear, philosophic
resignation, or an honest feeling that there was nothing she could do,
Robin could have accepted - but not simple denial. I think Marion knew
that, as well as she knew that her impractical love of honest folk was
an integral part of her.

Frank Delaney tells us in Legends of the Celts that Nemed arrived in
Ireland with four more men and four women in the only one of 32 boats to
survive the journey (whence, Mr. Delaney doesn't say.) A plague had
already wiped out all of the island's original inhabitants except Tuan
and the troublesome Formorians. These latter eventually killed all but
thirty of the Nemedians, some of whom fled east to settle on the next
island with their chief Britan (!) and some of whom ended up in Greece,
whence they later returned to Ireland.

King Mil from Spain and the Milesians eventually conquered the Children
of Danu, their conflict ending not in slaughter or exile but in a pact:
that the Milesians (whom we now call Celts) would live above ground, and
the De Danann below. I don't think we're dealing so much with a
god/mortal discrepancy here as a schism between two cultures that remain
separate by choice.

For the record, I think of the Celts/Gauls as originating in Central
Europe, not Spain, and that anyone whose deeds have survived into legend
gets promoted to god or demigod status sooner or later. This green-eyed
fellow is feigning a headache, but I think he's getting used to the
situation. He'd better put on another pair of socks, or those bigger
boots will fall clean off!

Will charged into that example of "everyday magic" himself. Will can't
be "put" anywhere without a lot of ale and a lot more sneakiness.

A "Harry Stu" is a character through whom a writer puts herself in a
story - but he's a he. I made it up.

Ariel pointed out that Loxley's father is the leader of the Saxon
rebellion, but we know nothing of his mother. And unlike some folk, I
enjoy reading stories that portray her as a descendant not of the
Milesians, but of Danu Herself.

Janet V. - I think that King Arthur's power wasn't necessarily stronger
Herne's, but his motives and Herne's seemed to more or less coincide in
The Inheritance. England as a nation (Arthur) and England as a living
entity (Herne) would both be served by the preservation of England as a
self- defined people, rather than an extension of the Roman Empire or
yet another Norman conquest.  Also, Herne may well be (as I believe you
mentioned before) a more localized spirit, or He may simply not concern
Himself with the matter of nationality and defer to Arthur in this
purely human matter.

Perhaps the Table was "the most precious thing in England" because the
Grail had been removed from England, or at least from the spatial/
temporal England. You can take the Grail out of England, but you can't
take England out of the Grail!

I love your theories regarding the Loxley/Arrow and Huntingdon/Albion
correspondences! It also suits the difference in their backgrounds. The
bow is a working man's weapon, and the sword that of a nobleman. Human
rights in England were rock-bottom when Loxley was chosen, and the
people had to fend for themselves from hiding and then flee; but Loxley
laid the groundwork and bolstered the people's spirit so that their next
champion could face down the oppressors on their own ground.

Rutterkin says that your theory about Huntingdon's death by sword is not
hogwash, but I'm not sure if he's on about swine defamation or actually
trying to tell us something. Seriously - if Loxley was the Guardian of
the Arrow (which is kind of like a spear), Huntingdon of the Sword, and
Isadora of the Table (round, flat thing made of wood), what would
Marion's cup be? Drowned if I know! The mead bowl? Something less
symbolic? Does this mean she is pregnant? Anyway, it's an interesting
riddle.

Morgana - can you or anyone else tell me more about the Celtic trinity
of Taranis, Hesus, and Teutates? The middle one with the funny name has
me curious.

All Wiccans are Pagan, but there are some people whom I would consider
Witches who aren't particularly Pagan. People who work magic and just
aren't religious at heart might fall into this category. In a way I
sometimes envy their independence, but in the long run their
disconnection from The Big Picture tends to make me nervous. Perhaps the
folk you consider "non-Wiccan Pagans" are more like "non-Pagan Witches"
in my book - people who acknowledge their part in the universe's makeup,
but stop short of considering it participation in the Divine.

I tend to think of Albion as something entrusted to Herne, but (being a
weapon) something that He had to adopt a son to wield for Him. Herne is,
above all else, a champion of balance. When England and Her children
were endangered, Robin needed to carry the power to destroy and Marion
the power to endure. In this way, Herne can remain in balance without
endangering England through inaction. Also, having been taught to
consider the sword a tool of the mind and of separation, I often think
of Albion as the edge that cuts away the comfortable illusion of
patronage, the desperate and finally insane hope that the Norman
invaders have any interest at all in protecting those off of whom they
grow fat.

Nansi - You believe in coincidence? Oh, that's so quaint! I must tell
Dunkin' (the friendly little black cat of indeterminate gender who
greets me on my way home from the bus stop and runs around my feet in
ecstatic circles). Why, we were just sitting under a ladder the other
day, discussing...

I completely agree with your analysis of the cultural abyss between
modern Western society and any culture that truly valued the whole over
the individual. Human sacrifice, heck! It's hard enough to get my
officemates to rinse their soda cans so I can bring them to the
recycling drop!

The paucity of RoS conventions makes me wonder: could this cross-
continental crowd conjure a Cousins con? Whoa - Don't tell the EPA I'm
being alliterbug! Seriously, if we could find some place outside the
Bo$ton price zone that even a respectable and civilized Cousin might
enjoy, it might be worth a go! We could continue our discussions in
person, have lots of cool rituals, and perhaps set in motion some set-
spell work (fellowship within the fandom, translation of Robin Hood's
ideals into "mundane" life, whatever). Given our nearly universal
peasant status, I wouldn't want to have invited guests, but rather keep
costs to a minimum so that as many of us as possible could attend.
Perhaps a medium-sized Bed and Breakfast somewhere near an airport?  If
someone better schooled in subtlety (and driving) will handle the
locale, I'll handle registration and try to assemble a schedule.

Does A/U mean "alternate universe?"

Ariel: Pity the series didn't hold out long enough for Robert to be
awarded the Initiate's garter.  But earning it would probably entail as
much courage as Jason Connery would require to simply attend a
convention! Well, if such an eventuality should arise, Ariel, we're
going to have to figure out who'll tie the thing on him. I expect it'll
have to be someone brave.

Robin dressing up as Herne in "Lord of the Trees" was a last-ditch
strategy that only the most presumptuous creature would attempt under
the worst of circumstances. Even "Cock Robin" couldn't possibly have
construed this clever bit of masquerade to be any indication of things
to come. But having put on a silver wig and picked up a cane in an
attempt to "portray" One as close to the human heart as Herne, I can
vouch for the fact that such "costuming" is surprisingly educational!
Sometimes you can serve One whom you have no hope of understanding yet
by bumbling along the straight but dizzyingly speedy path of Trust.

Your comments on exactly how much time Robin would have to spare for the
mastery of such abilities as emptying oneself for spiritual occupation
make me wonder: Exactly how much time did it take to perform the tasks
of supporting everyday life in a group of seven? Mary Ann?  Judi? How
many daylight hours might have been spent on the necessities of survival
in the late 12th/early 13th centuries by a small/medium hunter-gatherer
group? Pen's poem Stolen Moments comes to mind, but I'm not dead sure of
the title or even whether she's the author.

You know what I'd like to see? More stories involving Abbot Martin of
Croxden. He was a well- defined character and a true Christian - I'd
love to see him collaborating with Herne! I think they'd get along very
well.

Cousins is a forum for the discussion of the magical and Old Religion
aspects of RoS and related topics. I like to think of it as a safe place
to discuss things that might be considered offensive elsewhere, and a
garden for plot ideas. I agree with Kathy that Herne's Stepchildren is a
better place for general RoS discussion simply because people with no
interest in the magical side of RoS will still see it there and be able
to participate. Magically-oriented people have a unique way of seeing
characters, situations, and the patterns of plots, and our biggest (and
possibly only!) piece of undisputed common ground is RoS. We choose this
particular universe in which to work the magic of cooperation and
creativity. Honestly, Ariel, can you see any of our Cousins sitting
still for being "boxed into" anything?

Jan - Welcome! Saracen got your tongue, eh? Hope he likes it. That's
about all that would shut you up.

I'd add to your description of the sources for our "tradition," besides
historical background and artistic license, divine inspiration and the
will to do good. We make things up left and right and look things up
back, front, and center, but our very willingness to give each other the
slack we need to work with such a diverse group is a precious gift and
not something you see every day.  And we have a clarity of intention
that I've never seen elsewhere.

Raven - I tend to give the most credence to those who consider
themselves travelers. Those who feel that they've "arrived" usually just
have a flat tire.

I thought Ba'al was the Lord of the Flies not because the early Jews
thought it would be an insulting title, but because the fly is a
psychopomp, a conductor of souls. If you're ever in the vicinity of
someone who's recently released their soul, especially in a warm place
like Sumer, this looks perfectly logical.

I had also heard that "horns" and "rays of light" are easy to confuse in
old Hebrew, and that the original story had Moses coming down from Mt.
Sinai with a horned head! So maybe what he had when he reached the
bottom was a simple case of competitive anxiety... Perhaps someone named
"Light-bearer" was just a natural for the things. Or maybe your prof
missed the point(s) - but this is getting corny.

I still think that telling people directly, or through LoC's, that their
stories don't make sense after the fact is a much smarter strategy than
trying to tell people what they should or shouldn't write. An important
part of me would still be asleep and undiscovered if I hadn't read a
couple of specific "Robin-as-Sidhe" stories that were blatantly untrue
to Robin as a character, and I shudder to think that had this
conversation taken place but a few years ago, Cousins might not exist.
Besides, I'm always happy to read just about anything in which the
English doesn't look like something from Planet Skyron! That's what
really gets me. I'd just get a good laugh out of Robin Hood: Illegal
Alien.

I don't even try to read the Fantasy Showcase deck. I just use them as
meditation foci, or simply gawk at the art.

Here in Somerville, the innumerable "Mary in the Bathtub Trampling the
Serpent of Sin" lawn sculptures are actually enclosed by Mari's ocean
wave or sea shell, and she's attended by the serpent of wisdom and
rebirth. The one nearest my house even has the serpent carrying the
Apple of Aphrodite...I mean Eve's apple, of course. I think that, rather
than Mary Magdalene wearing the red of her profession in classical art,
her color became associated with prostitution later because that's the
closest word they had to "sexual priestess." Aside from the obvious
intent of defamation, I really don't think that Hebrew culture by Mary
Magdalene's time had any non- insulting word at all for a woman who had
sex but wasn't married/owned. Barbara Walker goes into this concept in
her explanation of the Six of Pentacles.

Speaking of pentacles, there's that Table again! Which came to Arthur
through his marriage to Guinevere. Now I want to X-ray the thing and
trace all of the old scratches and joints in the wood...

Wasn't Cerridwen's concoction that Gwion Bach did such a bad job of
minding called "greal?"  Where the heck did I read that? Gosh, take the
Three out of it and it blows up, poisoning everything it touches! That
does seem important somehow...

Editor's Notes

More Favorite RoS Quotes:

Ariel: "Pacts with the Devil aren't legally binding!"

Ecumenicon, a celebration of learning and religious diversity, is being
held in College Park, MD July 29-August 2. This year's theme is Feminine
Aspects of the Divine, and invited guests include Otter and Morning
Glory Zell, Jacqueline Lichtenberg, Jane Sibley, Elspeth and Nybor, Doug
Rosentrater, and Alexei Kondratiev. For information and registration
forms, write to ECUMENICON Foundation, Box 249, 15106A Frederick Road,
Rockville, MD 20850.

Trendbusters take note: Just because so many of us tend to run on at
length, it doesn't mean that you have to compose a doctoral thesis to
participate in Cousins. Something along the lines of "Was Jennet a Witch
or what?" is fine too. Which Merrie's words always got the most
attention?  Nasir's, because you knew that if he opened his mouth,
something desperately needed to be said.

Julianne's and Raven's mention of the Hebraic Goddess reminds me of
Barbara Black Koltuv's The Book of Lilith. Dr. Koltuv is a clinical
psychologist who treats the Zoharic Lilith as a Jungian archetype, a
piece of womanhood woefully split off from most women's consciousness by
a skewed culture. Anybody interested in feminist psychology, Jewish
culture, the name Lilith, or just getting to know Adam's "dark and
comely" first wife will enjoy this book. If you can't find it, you can
borrow my copy; but it's small, recent, and quite affordable. Try the
Psychology section of your library, or maybe Judaica (darn it, Julianne,
which aisle is that?)

A few tidbits on dizzy stone circles: in The World of Megaliths (New
York, Facts on File Inc., 1990) Jean-Pierre Mohen informs us that:
   "Other stones have the power of movement, animated by fairies, the
    Devil, or some other supernatural being. The Saint-Martin-d'Arce
    menhir turns round at the stroke of midnight, and that at Culey-le-
    Patry in Normandy rotates several times during the night, stopping
    only at the first cock-crow...while the Pierre des Demoiselles at
    Mesnil Hardray raises itself to let out a file of white-clad girls
    who dance in a circle. At the instant that the Mass begins the
    Virgin appears on the highest flat stone of the Pierres Folles at
    Nohant-en-Graay..."

He goes on to describe various megaliths' forays for drinking water,
assistance to spouse- seekers and childless couples, leaping at cock and
cuckoo calls, ringing, singing, groaning, sighing, everything but doing
the laundry. The illustrations are marvelous. This book would be a
lovely gift for anyone with a passion for the Neolithic.

From the poor to the poorer: Your not-so-humble Editor will be
participating in Project Bread's Walk for Hunger on May 3, 1992, walking
with the EarthSpirit Community. Any Mass. Merrie who'd like to walk with
us, let me know and I'll send you a sponsor sheet. Or you can sponsor me
for any amount you choose! Pinch your boss' wallet and send me a check
(made out to Project Bread - The Walk for Hunger), and take a bite out
of hunger in Massachusetts! Anything will help.  (This tidbit is the
reason I'm putting this issue out so early - that and astonishment that
I actually got the typing caught up!)

Write to Tara O'Shea. She writes a lovely letter (and a fine story), is
stranded far away from her fellow Merries, and is great about sharing
her passion for Celtic folklore.

Must Read Department: The Fantastic Adventures of Robin Hood, edited by
Martin H. Greenberg. I haven't even read all of it, but I'll tell you
right now that Clayton Emory makes up for his previous work and then
some, and both Midori Snyder and Nancy Holder...see things the way we
do, and write with grace and brilliance. It's put out by Signet, a
division of Penguin Books, 1991.  Don't deprive yourself of this one!

Beltane is just around the corner! Pull those weeds, plant those seeds,
and stockpile Maypole safety needs... May Herne protect you, but be sure
to hold up your end of the bargan! Have a wonderful holiday. Blessed be.
