


                   Creating FIDO Source 
                            by
            Robert Briggs, SYSOP, FIDO node 464
                    


     I,  at  least,  am  willing to take on Tom  Jennings'  
challenge  to create source public domain source code  for 
FIDO.   Therefore,  I  am creating a special section on my 
board  for FIDO internal use only ,  devoted  to  handling 
source  code  for a FIDO re-write.   This section will  be 
available to anyone who sends me a FIDO-NET message - just 
leave your log on name and desired password in the message.

     There  are  some ground rules that I  feel should  be 
observed.   The  source should be able to be  compiled  by 
either Lattice 'C',  Microsoft 'C' (about the same thing), 
or  CIi-C86.   That  means that any features  peculiar  to 
either  compiler  will  have to be stuck in a  library  of 
routines   and  they  have  to  be  duplicated  for   both 
compilers.   Since  I  am the author of the  CHEAPWARE  c-
function  libraries,  this is "right up my alley",  so  to 
speak.   

     FIDO  uses  both  interrupt driven send  and  receive 
routines.   I   have have only the interrupt  driven  send 
routines  available for both compilers.   I  will put  the 
code  up on the board and let people somewhat more skilled 
in assembly language "hack" on it.   FIDO also  implements 
several  protocalls,  such  as KERMIT and TELELINK that  I  
know nothing about.   I am sure that there is a WIZ or two 
out there that could write something.   Please note that I  
am  not  offering  to  write  FIDO,   just  take  on   the 
responsibility of keeping track of a multitude of routines 
that need to be done before we even have a good start on a 
re-write.   This is no small job,  imagine several hundred 
people submitting changes and ideas....

     Anyway,  everyones feed-back,  comments, suggestions, 
gripes, etc. are welcome at my node.  One thing that I  do 
insist  on,  the SYSOP must be able to sign onto the local 
terminal  just like a remote user,  and without having  to 
take FIDO down.   I have implemented a rudimentary version 
of this feature, and a (extremely) rough copy of a program 
that answers the phone, sends the file WELCOME.DAT out the 
modem, and then asks for the users name.  Not much I  will 
admit, but a start. 

     Please  respond  to the  programmers  technical  BBS, 
Pro_Tech_BBS,  node 464.  The number is (801) 264-8290.  I 
would  like  to currently limit access to the  section  to 
those who can send me FIDO-NET mail.   Others later?  It's 
all  up to the FIDO network SYSOPs.   I would hate to have 
to cancel this whole thing for lack of  interest,  knowing 
full  well that TOM gets many requests for info about  the 
source code.  Must be some interest out there somewhere...

          





