	Tom Jennings
	Fido Software
	164 Shipley
	San Francisco CA 94107
	BBS: (415)-764-1629, 1:125/111, "Fido Software"

This is the new (5 July 1989) software policy for theç
Fido/FidoNet package. Please read it carefully. 

First:

Hobbyists run BBSs for their own personal reasons. Their BBS isç
not associated with their employer or any business. How they runç
their BBS is none of my business, ie. private, public,ç
subscription or chattel slavery.

Commercial users are companies, corporations, proprietorships orç
any other business entities that run a BBS, either publicly orç
privately, associated with their business. "Non-profit" and "notç
for profit" organizations are included in this category. 

And here's the deal:

HOBBYISTS AND INDIVIDUALS: Fido/FidoNet is shareware; the latestç
version of the software, minus documentation, can always be foundç
on the Fido Software BBS. There is no downloadable documentation.ç
(If you thought the version 11 docs were unwieldy ...) You mustç
register the software for $50; in return you will receive theç
latest version on diskette plus printed and bound documentation.ç
If you later desire updates via diskette instead of download,ç
updates cost $25 plus the original Fido Software diskette. 

COMMERCIAL USERS: Fido/FidoNet is a usual licensable product; theç
license fee is $175, as it has been for two years. You willç
receive the latest software version, complete documentation, andç
support via the Fido Software BBS and voice telephone. (This hasç
proved to be more than adequate for over two years.) Updates canç
be obtained by downloading, or via diskette for $25 plus theç
original Fido Software diskette or proof of purchase.

BBS SYSTEM OPERATORS: Besides being a HOBBIEST as defined ablve,ç
you may have the software available for download, as you wouldç
any other program. You may rearrange the archives, but pleaseç
keep READ.MEs and POLICY files, along with the basic files asç
supplied by Fido Software, together as a unit to avoid confusionç
frustration for all of us.

SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTORS: Shareware distributors, clubs, etc: Pleaseç
order the complete package as a COMMERCIAL CUSTOMER; for smallç
hobbiest clubs, as a HOBBIEST OR INDIVIDUAL. This will assure youç
the latest correct and complete version, and the manual will helpç
your club members get things going easily. Such a deal. Look, I'mç
not getting rich off this (or even breaking even!) so let'sç
scratch each others backs, OK? 


Special arrangements can always be made on a case by case basis.ç
In all cases, bugs are fixed promptly, as they have been for fiveç
years. This is basically the policy that was in force throughç
1987. It worked pretty well, there were very few problems, andç
most of those were caused by my ambiguity. 
