




                             F I D O N E T

                      Policy and Procedures Guide

                               Version 3

                            24 October 1986






_______                                                           ____
Section                                                           Page


1 Overview  ......................................................   1
  1.1 Definitions  ...............................................   1
  1.2 The Levels of FidoNet  .....................................   1
2 Sysop Procedures  ..............................................   3
  2.1 How to get a node number  ..................................   4
  2.2 If you are going down  .....................................   4
  2.3 How to join a network  .....................................   5
  2.4 How to form a network  .....................................   5
3 Network Coordinator Procedures  ................................   7
  3.1 Routing inbound mail  ......................................   7
  3.2 Assigning node numbers  ....................................   8
  3.3 Maintaining the node list  .................................   8
  3.4 Passing along node lists and FidoNews  .....................   8
  3.5 Forwarding newsletter submissions  .........................   9
4 Regional Coordinator Procedures  ...............................  10
  4.1 Assigning node numbers  ....................................  10
  4.2 Encouraging the formation and growth of networks  ..........  11
  4.3 Assigning network numbers  .................................  11
  4.4 Maintaining the node list  .................................  11
  4.5 Overseeing network operations  .............................  12
  4.6 Passing along node lists and FidoNews  .....................  12
  4.7 Forwarding newsletter submissions  .........................  12
5 International Coordinator Procedures  ..........................  13
6 Resolution of Disputes  ........................................  14
  6.1 Problems with another node  ................................  14
  6.2 Problems with a Network Coordinator  .......................  14
  6.3 Problems with a Regional Coordinator  ......................  14
  6.4 Problems with the International Coordinator  ...............  15
  6.5 Appeals to the International Coordinator  ..................  15
  6.6 Case Histories  ............................................  15
      6.6.1 The Case of the Crooked Node  ........................  15
      6.6.2 The Case of the Hacker Mailer  .......................  15
      6.6.3 The Case of the Network Mutiny  ......................  16
      6.6.4 The Case of the Bothered Barker  .....................  16
      6.6.5 The Case of the Busy Beaver  .........................  16
      6.6.6 The Mark of the Devil  ...............................  16
      6.6.7 The Case of the Sysop Twit  ..........................  17
      6.6.8 The Case of the EchoMail Junkey key key  .............  17
      6.6.9 The Case of the Bouncing Board  ......................  17
                               Chapter 1
                               Chapter 1

                               OVERVIEW
                               OVERVIEW



FidoNet  is  an  amateur electronic mail system.  As such,  all of its
participants and operators are non-paid  volunteers.  From  its  early
beginnings  as a few friends swapping messages back and forth,  it has
now grown to (October  1986)  over  1000  different  systems  on  four
continents.

FidoNet  is  large  enough that it would quickly fall apart of its own
weight unless some sort of structure and control were imposed  on  it.
Multinet  operation  provides the structure.  Decentralized management
provides the control.  This document is an  attempt  to  describe  the
procedures which have been developed to manage the network.


1.1     Definitions
1.1     Definitions

FidoNet nodes are grouped on several levels.  These are as follows:

o   Nodes
o   Nodes;  A node is a single FidoNet address,  and is  the  smallest
    recognized unit of FidoNet.

o   Networks
o   Networks;  A  network  is  a  collection  of  nodes,  usually in a
    relatively small geographic area.  Networks coordinate their  mail
    activity to decrease cost and increase mail throughput.

o   Regions
o   Regions;  A  region  is  a well defined geographic area containing
    nodes which may or may not be combined into  networks.  A  typical
                                                           ___________
    region will contain many nodes in networks,  and a few independent
    _____
    nodes, which are not a part of any network.

o   Zones
o   Zones;  A zone is a large geographic area containing many regions,
    and covering one or more countries and/or continents.

o   FidoNet
o   FidoNet; This indicates the entire public amateur mail network, as
    adminitered by  the  International  FidoNet  Association,  and  as
    defined by the weekly node list.


1.2     The Levels of FidoNet
1.2     The Levels of FidoNet

With  the  introduction  of  multinet Fido in early 1985,  FidoNet has
developed a hierarchical structure, with the following levels:

o   The  International  Coordinator
o   The  International  Coordinator;   The  International  Coordinator
    compiles all of the node lists from all of the regions and creates
    the master node list, which is then distributed over FidoNet.








FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 1
o   The Zone Coordinator
o   The Zone Coordinator;  In some cases the International Coordinator
    will appoint a Zone Coordinator to oversee FidoNet operations in a
    given  zone.  The  exact  duties and responsibilities of any given
    Zone Coordinator are assigned by  the  International  Coordinator,
    and will not be discussed here.

o   The  Regional Coordinator
o   The  Regional Coordinator;  The Regional Coordinator maintains the
    list of independent nodes in his region  and  accepts  node  lists
    from  the  Network  Coordinators in his region.  He compiles these
    lists to create a regional node list for his region, which he then
    sends to the International  Coordinator.  A  Regional  Coordinator
    does not perform routing services for any nodes in his region.

o   The  Network  Coordinator
o   The  Network  Coordinator;  The Network Coordinator is responsible
    for maintaining the  list  of  nodes  for  his  network,  and  for
    receiving  and  forwarding  any  mail  coming  to the network from
    outside.

o   The Network Routing Hub
o   The Network Routing Hub; Network Routing Hubs exist only in three-
    tiered networks.  They generally share some or all of  the  duties
    of  the Network Coordinator,  in order to ease the management of a
    large network.  The exact duties and procedures are a  matter  for
    the  Network  Coordinator and his hubs to settle,  and will not be
    discussed here.  The Network Coordinator is still responsible  for
    the maintenance of the network.

o   The system operator (sysop)
o   The system operator (sysop);  The sysop formulates his own  policy
    for running his board and dealing with his users, so that will not
    be discussed in this document.  However,  the sysop must also mesh
    with the rest of the FidoNet system if he is to send  and  receive
                   ____
    mail, and that will be discussed here.

o   The  user
o   The  user;  Policy  and  procedures for the individual user on any
    given board is determined by the system operator  of  that  board,
    and will not be considered in this document.

These levels act to  distribute  the  administration  and  control  of
FidoNet  to  the  lowest  possible  level,  while  still  allowing for
coordinated action over the  entire  mail  system.  Administration  is
made  possible  by operating in a strict top-down manner.  That is,  a
                                         __
person at any given level is responsible to the level above  him,  and
            ___
responsible for the level below him.

For  example,  a  Regional  Coordinator  is  solely responsible to the
International Coordinator for anything that may or may not  happen  in
his  region.  From the point of view of the International Coordinator,
the Regional Coordinator is totally and completely responsible for the
smooth operation of his region.  Likewise,  from the point of view  of
the  Regional  Coordinator,  the  Network Coordinators are totally and
completely responsible for the smooth operation of their networks.

If a person at any level above sysop  is  unable  for  any  reason  to
properly perform his duties,  then he can be replaced by the person at
the next level up.  For example,  if a Regional Coordinator is failing
to perform his duties,  then the International Coordinator  can  cause
him to be replaced.



FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 2
                               Chapter 2
                               Chapter 2

                           SYSOP PROCEDURES
                           SYSOP PROCEDURES



A sysop of an individual node can pretty much do  as  he  pleases,  as
long  as  he observes the mail events,  is not excessively annoying to
other  nodes  on  FidoNet,  and  does  not promote the distribution of
pirated copyrighted software.

National  Mail  Hour is the heart of FidoNet,  as this is when network
mail is passed between systems.  Any system which wishes to be a  part
            ____
of  FidoNet must be able to receive mail at this time.  A system which
is a member of a network may also be required  to  observe  additional
mail events, as defined by his Network Coordinator.

Failure  to  observe  the proper mail events is sufficient grounds for
any node to be dropped from FidoNet without notice  (since  notice  is
generally given by FidoNet mail).

Network mail systems generally operate unattended,  and place calls at
odd hours of the night.  If a system tries to call an incorrect or out
of  date  number,  it could cause some poor citizen's phone to ring in
the wee hours of the  morning,  much  to  the  annoyance  of  innocent
bystanders and civil authorities.  For this reason,  a sysop who sends
mail is obligated to obtain and use the most  recent  edition  of  the
node list as is practical.


A system which has been  dropped  from  the  network  is  said  to  be
______________
excommunicated (i.e.  unable to communicate).  A node which  has  been
excommunicated may or may not be listed for a time in the "dog house",
which is included in the comments at the end of the node list.  If you
find  that  you  have  been excommunicated without warning,  then that
means that your coordinator was unable  to  contact  you.  You  should
rectify the problem and report back.

The  exact  timing  of  National Mail Hour is set for each zone by the
International Coordinator,  or by his designated Zone Coordinator.  In
the  United  States,  National Mail Hour is observed from 0900 to 1000
GMT every day,  weekends included.  In each of the United States  time
zones, this would be as follows:

    Eastern Standard Time         4 AM to 5 AM
    Central Standard Time         3 AM to 4 AM
    Mountain Standard Time        2 AM to 3 AM
    Pacific Standard Time         1 AM to 2 AM
    Hawaii Standard Time         11 PM to Midnight

               ___
FidoNet  does  not  observe  daylight  savings  time.  In  areas which
observe daylight savings time  the  FidoNet  mail  schedules  must  be
adjusted  in  the  same direction as the clock change.  Alternatively,
you can simply leave your system on standard time.





FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 3
2.1     How to get a node number
2.1     How to get a node number

You  must  first obtain a current node list so that you can send mail.
You do not need a node number to send mail,  but you must have one  in
order for others to send mail to you.

The first step in obtaining a current node list is to  locate  a  Fido
bulletin  board.  No  help  there;  you're on your own.  Most bulletin
board lists include at least a few Fido systems,  and usually identify
them as such, so this shouldn't be too hard.

If  the  sysop  of any Fido system does not have a node list available
for downloading, then he can probably tell you where to get one.

Once you have a node list,  you must determine which network or region
covers  your  area.   Networks  always  have  a  three  digit  number.
Networks are more restricted in area than regions,  but are  generally
preferred since they provide more services to their members.

If  you  cannot  find a network which covers your area,  then pick the
region which does.  Regions  always  have  a  two  digit  number.  The
United  States is divided into ten regions,  so that you are certainly
in a region even if you are not near a network.

Once you have located the network or  region  in  your  area,  send  a
request for a node number to node zero of that network or region.  The
         ____                                ____
request  must  be sent by FidoNet mail,  and must include at least the
following:

    1) Your name.
    2) The name of your system.
    3) The city and state where your system is located.
    4) The phone number to be used when calling your system.
    5) Your hours of operation.
    6) The maximum baud rate you can support.

Your coordinator may want  additional  information.  If  so,  he  will
contact you.

Please  allow  at  least  two  weeks  for  a node number request to be
processed.  If you send your request to a Regional  Coordinator,  then
he may forward your request to the Network Coordinator who covers your
area (if any), which may take longer.


2.2     If you are going down
2.2     If you are going down

If  your  node will be down for an extended period (more than a day or
                                              ___________________
two), then you should inform your coordinator as soon as possible.  If
you do not do this,  then other systems will still try  to  reach  you
                                                          __ ___ _____
while  you are down,  much to the annoyance of everyone.  Do not under
___  _____________
any  circumstances  put an answering machine or similar device on your
phone line while you are down.  If you do,  then calling systems  will
get  the  machine repeatedly,  racking up large phone bills,  which is
____                               Resolution of Disputes
very annoying.  See the section on Resolution of Disputes for  details
on what happens to annoying people.



FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 4
If your system goes down without warning,  then you may be  placed  in
the dog house, or even removed from the node list completely.

If  you  will be leaving your system unattended for an extended period
of time (such as while you are on vacation),  you should  notify  your
coordinator.  Systems  do have a tendency to "crash" now and then,  so
you will probably want your coordinator to know that it is a temporary
condition if it happens while you are away.


2.3     How to join a network
2.3     How to join a network

If you are an independent node and would like to  join  a  network  in
your  area,  you  must  contact  the  Network  Coordinator.  He can be
reached by sending FidoNet mail to node zero of the network.  He  will
inform  you  of  any special mail schedules and/or routing required by
the network.  Your Regional Coordinator will contact  you  to  confirm
that  you  wish to join the network.  Once you have been placed in the
network, you will be informed by the Network Coordinator.

There are many advantages to being in a network.  First  and  foremost
is  that  it  helps  reduce congestion of FidoNet during National Mail
Hour.  Also,  many networks are "outbound" as well as "inbound", which
can substantially  reduce  your  phone  bills.  In  addition,  network
members  receive regular updates of the node list and FidoNews,  while
an independent node may not.


2.4     How to form a network
2.4     How to form a network

If there are several nodes in your area,  but no network, then you may
wish to form your own.  Again, this has several advantages as outlined
above.

Your first step is to contact the other sysops in your area.  You must
decide which nodes will comprise the network, and which of those nodes
is  going  to be the Network Coordinator.  Your next step is to inform
your Regional Coordinator.  You must send him a FidoNet  message  with
the following information:


1) The  region  number(s),  or  network  number(s)  if  a  network  is
   splitting up,  that are affected by the formation of your  network.
   The  Regional Coordinator will inform the International Coordinator
   and the coordinators of any affected networks that a new network is
   in formation.

2) The  name that you wish to call your network.  Please try to select
   a  name  that relates to your grouping.  For example,  SoCalNet for
   nodes  in  the   Southern   California   Area   and   MassNet   for
   Massachusettes  Area.  Remember  if  you  call  yourself  DOGNET it
   doesn't help others know what area of the  country  (or  even  what
   country) your group is in.






FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 5
3) A  copy  of  the  proposed  network's  nodelist.  The nodelist file
   should be named Frrr-nnn.NET  where  rrr  is  the  proposed  host's
   current  region  or  network  number  and  nnn  is his current node
   number.  For example,  if the proposed host is currently listed  as
   node  5  in  region 13,  then you would name the file F013-005.NET.
   This file should be sent attached to the message of Application for
   a Network Number.


                 SAMPLE FORMAT OF A Frrr-nnn.NET FILE

Host,xxx,St_Louis_Area, St_Louis_MO,Ken_Kaplan,    1-314-432-4129,2400
Pvt ,076,Ben's_Bakery,  Godfrey_IL, Ben_Baker,     -Unpublished-, 1200
Down,482,Dirty_Ole_Man, Wood_Riv_IL,Ervin_Cole,    1-618-254-2763,1200
Down,004,Bulldog,       St_Louis_MO,Tony_Clark,    1-314-441-9297,2400
    ,010,MDC_RCC,       St_Louis_MO,Terry_Mueller, 1-314-232-6881,2400
    ,016,Mikes_Board,   St_Louis_MO,Mike_Mellinger,1-314-726-3448,2400
Down,017,DCA_BBS,       St_Louis_MO,Jon_Wichman,   1-314-962-2751,1200
Hold,022,PCLUG,         St_Louis_MO,Ken_Kaplan,    1-314-576-2743,2400
    ,051,DECUS_Central, St_Louis_MO,Ken_Kaplan,    1-314-432-4129,2400
    ,339,Midnight_Cnct, St_Louis_MO,Ray_Weil,      1-314-961-1585,1200
Pvt ,492,Neu's_Node,    Omaha_NB,   Paul_Neu,      -Unpublished-, 2400
Pvt ,500,Alex'_Fido,    St_Louis_MO,Alex_Hartley,  -Unpublished-, 1200
    ,501,ZIGGY's_Castle,Fenton_MO,  Mike_Cravens,  1-314-225-9684,1200
    ,502,ALADINs_Castle,St_Louis_MO,Bob_Russ,      1-314-741-3050,1200

                                      ___
Granting  of  a  network  number  is  not  automatic.   Your  Regional
Coordinator will  review  your  application  and  inform  you  of  his
decision.

______
Do not send a network number request to the International Coordinator.
                                ____
All  network  number  requests  must  be  processed  by  the  Regional
Coordinator.


























FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 6
                               Chapter 3
                               Chapter 3

                    NETWORK COORDINATOR PROCEDURES
                    NETWORK COORDINATOR PROCEDURES



A Network Coordinator has the following responsibilities:

1) To receive incoming mail for nodes in his network,  and to  deliver
   it to its recipients.

2) To assign node numbers to nodes in his network.

3) To maintain the node list for his network, and to send a copy of it
   to his Regional Coordinator whenever it changes.

4) To pass along to his nodes new international node list updates  and
   new issues of FidoNews as they are received.

5) To forward newsletter submissions to the FidoNews publisher.


3.1     Routing inbound mail
3.1     Routing inbound mail

It  is  your  responsibility  as  Network  Coordinator  to receive all
inbound mail for nodes in your  network  and  to  forward  it  to  its
recipients.  You  are  left  to  your own discretion as to how best to
accomplish this.

There are certain exceptions to this,  however.  If  a  node  in  your
network  is  sending  and receiving inordinately large volumes of mail
you can request that he cease and desist.  If he  refuses  to  do  so,
then  you  can  request your Regional Coordinator to assign the node a
number as an independent and drop him from your node list.

There are two main reasons why a  node  might  generate  exceptionally
large  volumes  of  mail.  Once  in  awhile  a node will try to make a
"bombing run" (sending one message to a great many  nodes).  If  these
are being routed through your outbound host, then you can request that
he cease and desist, on pain of excommunication.  If a node in another
network  is making bombing runs on your nodes and routing them through
your inbound host,  then  you  can  complain  to  the  network  and/or
Regional   Coordinator  of  the  offending  node.   Bombing  runs  are
considered to be annoying, and may be dealt with accordingly.

The other common source of routing overload is EchoMail.  EchoMail  is
a nice invention,  and offers great benefits, but it cannot be allowed
to  degrade  the  ability of FidoNet to handle normal message traffic.
If a node in your network is routing large volumes  of  EchoMail,  you
can  ask  him to either limit the amount of EchoMail,  or even to stop
routing his EchoMail completely.  The design of EchoMail is such  that
it is a simple matter to do either of these.







FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 7
3.2     Assigning node numbers
3.2     Assigning node numbers

It is your responsibility to assign node numbers to new nodes in  your
network.  You  may  also  change the numbers of existing nodes in your
network,  though you should check with your member nodes before  doing
so.  You  may assign any numbers you wish,  so long as each node has a
unique number within your network.

You should not assign a node number to any system unless and until you
have received a formal request from that system by FidoNet mail.  This
will ensure that the system is at  least  minimally  operational.  The
strict  maintenance of this policy has been one of the great strengths
of FidoNet.

It  is  also recommended,  though not required,  that you call a board

which is applying for a node number before assigning it a node number.

You should use network mail to inform a new node of his  node  number,
as this helps to insure that he is capable of receiving network mail.


3.3     Maintaining the node list
3.3     Maintaining the node list

You should attempt to implement name changes, phone number changes, et
cetera in your node list as soon  as  possible,  and  to  forward  the
revised  node  list  to  your  Regional  Coordinator whenever a change
occurs.

You should also on occasion send a  message  to  every  node  in  your
network  to  ensure  that they are still operational.  If a node turns
out to be "off the air" with no prior warning given to you,  then  you
can either mark the node as down, place it in the dog house, or remove
it from the node list completely, at your own discretion.

If a node in your network is acting in a sufficiently annoying manner,
then  you  can  take  whatever  action you deem fit,  according to the
circumstances of the case.


3.4     Passing along node lists and FidoNews
3.4     Passing along node lists and FidoNews

As a Network Coordinator you should obtain a new issue of FidoNews and
a new international node list update every week.  The node list update
is posted weekly on Saturday,  and FidoNews  is  published  weekly  on
Monday.   Both  will  be  made  available  to  you  by  your  Regional
Coordinator.

You should pass both of these along to your member nodes as soon as is
practical  after you receive them.  It is also desirable that you make
them both available for downloading by the general user,  but this  is
not required.

FidoNews  and  the  node  lists  are  the glue that holds us together.
Without them,  we cease to be a community,  and  become  just  another
random collection of bulletin boards.




FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 8
3.5     Forwarding newsletter submissions
3.5     Forwarding newsletter submissions

The  node  list  gives  us  our  structure,  but FidoNews gives us our
character.  FidoNews is the primary medium by which sysops  hear  from
each  other.  It  is  FidoNews  which  gives  us  the sense of being a
community of people with  common  interests.  Also,  FidoNews  is  the
means  whereby  matters  of  policy affecting network organization are
discussed and announced,  and is  therefore  of  importance  to  every
sysop.

Accordingly,  you should encourage sysops and users in your network to
contribute  to  FidoNews.  If you receive any submissions,  you should
forward them to the FidoNews publisher.  Think of yourself as being  a
regional bureau chief on the FidoNews editorial staff.













































FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                  Page 9
                               Chapter 4
                               Chapter 4

                    REGIONAL COORDINATOR PROCEDURES
                    REGIONAL COORDINATOR PROCEDURES



A Regional Coordinator has the following responsibilities:

1) To assign node numbers to independent nodes in his region.

2) To  encourage  independent  nodes  in  his  region to join existing
   networks, or to form new networks.

3) To assign network numbers to networks in his region.

4) To compile a node list of all of the networks and  independents  in
   his  region,  and  to  send  a  copy  of  it  to  the International
   Coordinator whenever it changes.

5) To ensure the smooth operation of networks within his region.

6) To make new international node  list  updates  and  new  issues  of
   FidoNews  available  to  the  Network Coordinators in his region as
   soon as is practical.

7) To forward newsletter submissions to the FidoNews publisher.


4.1     Assigning node numbers
4.1     Assigning node numbers

It is your responsibility to assign node numbers to new nodes in  your
region.  You  may  also  change  the numbers of existing nodes in your
region, though you should check with the respective nodes before doing
so.  You may assign any numbers you wish,  so long as each node has  a
unique number within your region.

You should not assign a node number to any system unless and until you
have received a formal request from that system by FidoNet mail.  This
will ensure that the system is at  least  minimally  operational.  The
strict  maintenance of this policy has been one of the great strengths
of FidoNet.

It  is  also recommended,  though not required,  that you call a board
which is applying for a node number before assigning it a node number.

You should use network mail to inform a new node of his  node  number,
as this helps to insure that he is capable of receiving network mail.

If  a node in your region is acting in a sufficiently annoying manner,
then you can take whatever action  you  deem  fit,  according  to  the
circumstances of the case.

If you receive a node number request from a new node  that  is  in  an
area  covered  by  an  existing  network,  then you should forward the
request to the Coordinator of that  network  instead  of  assigning  a
number yourself.



FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 10
4.2     Encouraging the formation and growth of networks
4.2     Encouraging the formation and growth of networks

One of your main duties as a Regional Coordinator is  to  promote  the
growth of networks in your region.

You  should try to avoid having independent nodes in your region which
are  within  the  coverage  area  of  a network.  There are,  however,
                                  ___
certain cases where a node should not be a member of a  network,  such
as a commercial system with a large volume of traffic which would clog
the network.  The resolution of such special cases is left to your own
discretion.

If several independent nodes in your region are in a "clump", then you
should encourage them to form a network.  Refer to the sysop procedure
   forming a network
on forming a network for details of what information you should get.

Note  that  this  does  not mean to encourage the formation of trivial
networks.  Obviously,  one node does not make  a  network.  The  exact
number  of  nodes  required  for  an  effective network must be judged
according to the circumstances of the situation,  and is left to  your
own discretion.


4.3     Assigning network numbers
4.3     Assigning network numbers

It is your responsibility to assign network numbers  to  new  networks
forming  within  your  region.  You  are  assigned  a  pool of network
numbers  to  use  for this purpose.  This pool consists of ten numbers
starting at your region number plus ten,  times ten.  For example,  if
you are the Regional Coordinator for  region  13,  then  your  network
number pool consists of the numbers 230 through 239.  If you need more
numbers  than this,  then you should ask the International Coordinator
for additional numbers as they are needed.


4.4     Maintaining the node list
4.4     Maintaining the node list

As  a  Regional  Coordinator,  you have a dual role in maintaining the
node list for your region.

First, you must maintain the list of independent nodes in your region.
You should attempt to implement name changes,  phone  number  changes,
and so forth in this node list as soon as possible.  You  should  also
on occasion send a message to every independent node in your region to
ensure that they are still operational.  If a node  turns  out  to  be
"off the air" with no prior warning given to you,  then you can either
mark the node as down,  place it in the dog house,  or remove it  from
the node list completely, at your own discretion.

Second,  you must receive the node lists from the Network Coordinators
within  your  region.  You should assemble a master node list for your
region every week and send it  to  the  International  Coordinator  no
later than National Mail Hour on Friday morning.  It is suggested that
you  do  this  as  late as is practical,  so as to accomodate any late
changes.




FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 11
You will need to maintain a set of node lists for each network  within
your  region,  since  you  cannot count on getting an update from each
Network Coordinator every week.


4.5     Overseeing network operations
4.5     Overseeing network operations

It is your responsibility as Regional Coordinator to ensure  that  the
networks  within  your  region  are operating in an acceptible manner.
          ___
This does not mean that you are required to  operate  those  networks;
that is the responsibility of the Network Coordinators.  It means that
you  are  responsible  for  seeing to it that the Network Coordinators
within your region are acting responsibly.

If you find that a Network  Coordinator  within  your  region  is  not
properly  performing  his duties (as outlined above),  then you should
take whatever action you deem necessary to correct the situation.

It  is  your obligation as Regional Coordinator to maintain direct and
reasonably frequent contact with the  networks  in  your  region.  The
exact method of accomplishing this is left to your discretion.


4.6     Passing along node lists and FidoNews
4.6     Passing along node lists and FidoNews

As a Regional Coordinator,  it is your responsibility  to  obtain  the
latest  international  node  list  updates  and  the  latest issues of
FidoNews as they are published,  and to make  them  available  to  the
Network  Coordinators  within  your  region.  The  node list is posted
weekly on Saturday by node 1/0,  and FidoNews is published  weekly  on
Monday  by  node  1/1.  Contact them for more details on how to obtain
the latest copies each week.

It   is  your  responsibility  to  distribute  these  to  any  Network
Coordinators in your region as soon as is practical after you  receive
them.  The method of distribution is left to your discretion.  You are
___
not  required  to  distribute  them  to  any independent nodes in your
region,  though you may if you wish.  It is also  desirable  that  you
make them both available for downloading by the general user, but this
is not required.


4.7     Forwarding newsletter submissions
4.7     Forwarding newsletter submissions

You should encourage sysops and users in your region to contribute  to
FidoNews.  If you receive any submissions,  you should forward them to
the FidoNews publisher.  Think of yourself as being a regional  bureau
chief on the FidoNews editorial staff.











FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 12
                               Chapter 5
                               Chapter 5

                 INTERNATIONAL COORDINATOR PROCEDURES
                 INTERNATIONAL COORDINATOR PROCEDURES



The  International  Coordinator  for  FidoNet  has the primary task of
maintaining the master node  list,  as  well  as  the  node  list  for
region 1.  Region 1  consists  of  nodes  assigned  for administrative
purposes not related to the sending and receiving  of  normal  network
mail.

The International Coordinator is responsible for the  weekly  creation
of the master node list,  and the creation of a  weekly  update  file.
This  master  list  and weekly update file are to be made available to
the  various  Regional  Coordinators  during  National  Mail  Hour  on
Saturday morning.

The International Coordinator is charged with the task of ensuring the
smooth  operation  of  the entire network.  He does this by overseeing
the operation of the various Regional Coordinators.

If  the  International  Coordinator   determines   that   a   Regional
Coordinator is not properly performing his duties (as outlined above),
then  he  should seek a replacement for that Regional Coordinator,  or
take other action as he sees fit.

































FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 13
                               Chapter 6
                               Chapter 6

                        RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES
                        RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES



The  world  not  being  perfect,  sometimes  troubles  crop  up.   Any
organization larger than a cub scout pack needs some sort of grievance
procedure, and FidoNet is no exception.

The FidoNet judicial philosophy can be summed up in two rules:

       Thou shalt not excessively annoy others.
    1) Thou shalt not excessively annoy others.

       Thou shalt not be too easily annoyed.
    2) Thou shalt not be too easily annoyed.

In  other  words,  there  are  no hard and fast rules of conduct,  but
                                                                  ____
reasonably polite behavior is expected.  Also,  in  any  dispute  both
sides  are examined,  and action could be taken against either or both
parties. ("Judge not, lest ye be judged!")


6.1     Problems with another node
6.1     Problems with another node

If  you are having problems with another node,  you should complain to
your Network Coordinator and/or his Network  Coordinator.  If  one  or
both  of  you  is  not in a network,  then complain to the appropriate
Regional Coordinator.


6.2     Problems with a Network Coordinator
6.2     Problems with a Network Coordinator

If you are having problems with your Network Coordinator and feel that
you are not being treated properly, there are a few things you can do.

The  first  step is to contact your Regional Coordinator.  If he feels
that your case has merit,  then there are several things he might  do.
He may order a change of Network Coordinators, or even a disbanding of
your network, though this is unlikely.  It is much more likely that he
would grant you independent status.  You will then no longer be a part
of the network,  and will probably no longer receive FidoNews and node
list updates, so don't ask unless you are sure you want out.

If you fail to obtain relief from your Regional Coordinator,  then you
can appeal to the International Coordinator.


6.3     Problems with a Regional Coordinator
6.3     Problems with a Regional Coordinator

If you are having problems with your Regional  Coordinator,  then  you
should first try to join or form a  network  in  your  area.  If  this
fails, you can appeal to the International Coordinator.







FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 14
6.4     Problems with the International Coordinator
6.4     Problems with the International Coordinator

If you are having problems with the  International  Coordinator,  then
you are out of luck.  You can either live with it, drop out and forget
it,  or  join  with some friends and start another mail system of your
own.


6.5     Appeals to the International Coordinator
6.5     Appeals to the International Coordinator

If you are unable to obtain relief  from  your  Regional  Coordinator,
then you can appeal to the International Coordinator.  If your case is
sufficiently  extreme  and meritorious,  then he may order a change of
Regional Coordinators,  but this is unlikely.  Also,  the  first  step
taken by the International Coordinator in investigating any dispute is
to   contact   any  Regional  Coordinators  and  Network  Coordinators
concerned.  If you have not followed the proper  channels,  then  your
case  will be dismissed out of hand.  In other words,  don't go to the
                                               __________
International Coordinator until you have tried everything else.


6.6     Case Histories
6.6     Case Histories

A  few  actual  case  histories of past disputes may be instructive to
show general procedures and methods.  Names  have  been  left  out  to
protect the guilty.


6.6.1   The Case of the Crooked Node
6.6.1   The Case of the Crooked Node

A  sysop of a local node was using network mail to engage in unethical
business practices.  His Network Coordinator became  very  annoyed  at
this, and dropped the local from his node list.

The  local  appealed  to his Regional Coordinator for assignment as an
independent node.  The Regional  Coordinator,  on  checking  with  the
Network  Coordinator,  decided that the Network Coordinator was within
his rights to be annoyed.  Independent status was denied.

The International Coordinator did not intervene.


6.6.2   The Case of the Hacker Mailer
6.6.2   The Case of the Hacker Mailer

A sysop of a local node made use of file attaches for extra  users  to
mail  himself the USER.BBS file from several local boards.  The sysops
of these boards felt annoyed at this,  and appealed to  their  Network
Coordinator,  who  agreed and dropped the offending node from the node
list.

The Regional Coordinator was not consulted.

The International Coordinator did not intervene.






FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 15
6.6.3   The Case of the Network Mutiny
6.6.3   The Case of the Network Mutiny

Several local nodes became annoyed with their Network Coordinator  for
failing to provide services.  They complained to him,  but nothing was
done.

They appealed to their Regional Coordinator,  who  decided  that  they
were justified in their annoyance and accepted their application for a
new network number.


6.6.4   The Case of the Bothered Barker
6.6.4   The Case of the Bothered Barker

A local node became annoyed with his Network Coordinator  for  failing
to  provide  services.  Repeated complaints to his Network Coordinator
did not satisfy him, so he appealed to the International Coordinator.

The International Coordinator, on seeing that the Regional Coordinator
had not been consulted, dismissed the complaint out of hand.

The local node submitted his complaint to  his  Regional  Coordinator,
who  investigated  the case and discovered that there was some justice
to the complaint.  He advised and assisted the Network Coordinator  in
configuring  his system to provide an improved level of service to the
local nodes.

The Regional Coordinator also decided that the local  node  was  being
too  easily  annoyed,  in  that he was expecting services not normally
required of a Network Coordinator.  The local node was informed as  to
the true duties of a Network Coordinator, and was advised to lower his
expectations.


6.6.5   The Case of the Busy Beaver
6.6.5   The Case of the Busy Beaver

A  local node which was operated by a retail establishment was engaged
in  making  "bombing  runs"  to mail advertisements over FidoNet.  His
Network Coordinator felt annoyed and handling the outgoing traffic for
a commercial operation, and asked the local node to leave the network.

The local node applied to the Regional Coordinator,  and  was  granted
status as an independent node in his region.


6.6.6   The Mark of the Devil
6.6.6   The Mark of the Devil

A local sysop whose board was used in conjunction with  voodoo  rites,
hacking,   phreaking,  and  obscene  material  applied  to  a  Network
Coordinator for a node number.  The Network  Coordinator  deemed  that
this board was exceptionally annoying, and denied the request.

The Regional Coordinator was not consulted.

The International Coordinator, on seeing that the Regional Coordinator
had  not  been consulted,  dismissed the case out of hand.  No further
appeals were made.



FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 16
6.6.7   The Case of the Sysop Twit
6.6.7   The Case of the Sysop Twit

A  patron  of  various  local nodes had been roundly recognized by all
sysops as a twit.  The user obtained his own system,  became a  sysop,
and  applied  for  a  node number.  The Network Coordinator denied the
request.  No appeals were made.


6.6.8   The Case of the EchoMail Junkey key key
6.6.8   The Case of the EchoMail Junkey key key

A  local  node  became  enamored  with  EchoMail  and  joined  several
conferences,  routing his outbound mail through his network.  He  then
started  an EchoMail conference of his own and began relaying EchoMail
between several systems, again routing it all through his network.

His Network Coordinator observed that network performance was becoming
seriously impaired.  The offending node was told to hold  it  down.  A
compromise  was  reached  whereby  much of the EchoMail traffic was no
longer routed through the network,  and routed EchoMail was limited to
twenty messages per night.  No appeals were made.


6.6.9   The Case of the Bouncing Board
6.6.9   The Case of the Bouncing Board

A local user decided to establish a node to promote a worthy  charity.
The  machine  being  used  was  also used for various other activities
during the day,  and the sysop was often called  away.  His  coworkers
would  often  forget to bring the board up at the end of the day while
he was away,  so the node was often down  for  extended  periods.  The
Network Coordinator, on finding the node unable to receive mail, would
mark it as down.  The sysop would return,  restart the board,  and ask
to be reinstated as a node.

The Network Coordinator eventually decided that the sysop was not able
to maintain a reliable system,  and removed him  from  the  node  list
completely.  Future  requests  for  a  node number from the same sysop
were turned down.  No appeals were made.






















FidoNet Policy and Procedures                                 Page 17
