ZONES, ZONEGATES, ZONEHOSTS AND IFNA KLUDGES

Tom Jennings
25 Jan 88

I believe Fido/FidoNet 12f's addressing is spirit & letter of theç
"law". It works as follows:
 
I am node 1:125/111. I enter a message to 2:500/1. Fido doesç
this:
 
a)      Create the .MSG file as we all know it.

b)      Since the destination is outside our own zone:

        1) put the ifna kludge algorithmic address into 
           the .MSG file header: "myzone/destzone". This case, 
           the message is marked "1/2", ie. implied full address 
           is "1:1/2", if the IFNA Kludge "zone gate".

        2) Put the "full" address into the INTL line:
           "^AINTL 2:500/1 1:125/111". 
 
Programs that don't understand the INTL line just route accordingç
to ancient tradition to 1/2, with no side effects. Programs thatç
understand INTL lines do whatever it is they decide to do.
 
The only thing that Fido does that is different here is that itç
hides the ugliness. Fido has a pure three level addressingç
scheme, and knows enough to how to treat what I call "fullyç
addressed" (INTL lines) messages properly.
 
By default, Fido treats the network as a true three levelç
addressing scheme; a message addressed to "2:500/1" will go toç
"2:0/0", the host for that zone. Zone Host not Zone Gate. Iç
realize this isn't what is desired, IFNA kludge or not, and amç
not trying to foist anything on anyone. The intent was a "pure"ç
FidoNet three level mailer, and thats what I got.
 
The problem is solved by the router. There is a route file,ç
supplied with the FIDO.EXE program, called ROUTE.DEF. It only hasç
to exist, and it is applied to *all* possible FidoNet routingç
unless overridden. By default, Fido will do the Zone Hostç
routing; all you do is specify a new host:
 
Zone 2; ZoneGate 1:1/2
...
Zone N; ZoneGate 1:1/N
 
A ROUTE.DEF file is supplied with Fido v12f. Instead of all mailç
for zone 2 going to "2:0/0", the "pure" ZoneHost, it goes to (inç
this example) "1:1/2". It could all go to "1:125/31" and driveç
Bob Kovach crazy. It could even go to "3:1/1" and wasteç
everybodys time. For a Fido operated in Europe, in Zone 2, itç
would have a ROUTE.DEF that contained:
 
Zone 1; ZoneGate 2:2/1

My intent was to build a mailer devoid of all kludges, plus solveç
the stupid shit IFNA Kludge thing. Plus not force someone to useç
"my way".

Zones are here to stay, and I do not like coding things twice.ç
Network addressing issues are very serious, and we have to liveç
with them for years, and I want to do things "right". This is myç
solution; if anyone is interested in implementation details justç
ask!
