                                      -=ð=--=ð=-
                                   þ How to Hack þ
                             þ Your Favorite BBS Systems þ
                                      -=ð=--=ð=-
                                 A BOM Squad Tutorial
                                       By Raven

                                         úúúú
                                       WARNING:

             Not to bore you or anything, BUT, remeber that this is
             strictly for informational purposes!  I strongly disadvise
             you NOT to use any of the information given here to cause
             chaos, damage or destruction to any one else!  And, if you
             do decide to, than good luck, but remember, if you get
             caught, ITS BECAUSE OF YOUR OWN DAMN STUPIDITY!


             Now that that's over with...Let's get own with the show!!!


                                        PART I
                                    The Basic Shit

             First, you need some essentials: A computer, a modem, a
             clue, a terminal program, and a bbs.  Now that you have all
             that, set up a fake account on the board you wish to bring
             down.  I highly suggest that you use a fake account.  If the
             schmuck INSISTS on voice validating you, do to things: Kiss
             his ass badly!  Your going to need some good access anyhow!
             Second...ask him to pick up the phone...I mean, you already
             are connected, so you can prove you are legit that way.  You
             can even have your friends help you out in this part.
             Anyhow, we will asume you got validated.  If not, oh well.
             Keep trying, or find a sysop who is as clueless as you are.
             Anyhow, if you even suspect he's got caller ID, I would
             suggest you try somewhere else, unless you have a box or
             something, which negates it. (Note: There is a command that
             stops caller ID. Something like *64. I'll look into it.)

             Next thing to do, is, when you think the sysop isn't home,
             start searching for passwords.  Chat with the loser
             constantly, and if he's not a liar, he'll say he has to go,
             and he actually will.  Never under-estimate him though.  I
             would guess most of the time when a sysop says he's got to
             go, he sits at the terminal for another five or ten minutes.
             Anyhow, go for the gold, first.  Sysops are generally stupid
             and lazy.  Most of them never change the default password
             most bbs's give them (generally SYSOP).  If that doesn't
             work, try the egotistical approach.  A lot of sysops think
             that GOD is a really clever password.  HA!  Anyhow, if those
             two don't work, try some of these, or make up your own: SEX,
             LOVE, I LOVE YOU, his first/last name, something to do with
             his handle, QWERTY, you get the gist.  If none of these
             work, try them on the sysop's pet (co-sysop)...If you still
             have no luck, go for some suck up users with good access.

             Also, you need your security, also.  It looks really
             suspicious if Hacker X logs on at 12:00 pm, and then at
             12:01.01 pm there are several attempts for the sysop's
             password.

             Alright...now that you either have an account, or some one
             elses password, flip to another section.  Your work as a bbs
             hacker/crasher has only begun!


                                        PART 2
                           Hacking that Cheese System, WWiV


             First, I'd just like to say, if a dude is running WWiV, he
             deserves to get crashed.

             Okay, what you are going to do is this.  Make a file called
             PKUNZIP.BAT.  Have the first (and only) line read COMMAND.
             Zip it up, and upload it in the name of a cool file (so its
             not TOO obvious).  Okay, call up the board, and upload it.

             Next, hit E off the file menu.  It will ask you which file,
             and you should at this point punch in the file name you
             uploaded.  This will extract the file in to a directory
             called TEMP.  Now, after it's extracted, do it again.

             Congradulations!  You are in DOS now...If you are two lame
             to figure out how, its because the computer jumped to
             pkunzip.bat file, and command puts you into DOS.  First
             thing to do: delete *.log and laston.txt in the gfiles
             directory.  This way, you're keeping him in the dark.
             Alright, now that all incriminatin' evidence is gone, its
             time for the fun to begin!

             First, I'd advise you goto his data directory (usually
             C:\WWIV\DATA), and typing up USER.LST...The first things you
             should see are the sysop's handle, name, phone number,
             address, etc.  After that, follows the rest of the scrubs
             which call the board.  You probally wanna capture that file,
             cuz it could be useful in the future.  Oh, another thing to
             capture is the STATUS.DAT file in the main WWiV
             directory...In there, you can find all sorts of good stuff,
             like the system passwords (write those suckers down!).

             Alright, now that that stuff is down, type EXIT to return to
             the BBS.  Now, you can do lots of phun stuff, like give
             yourself sl and dsl of 255, or whatever.

             If you are really in a destructive mood, there is a lot more
             to be had.  First, you could stick a virus in the file which
             your uploading, and run the virus in the PKUNZIP.BAT file.
             Poor sap will never know what hit him.  Or, if no
             destructive viruses/trojans are available, goto his DOS
             directory, and DEL *.*...Repeat it in all of his BBS
             directories.  Then, when you goto exit, you'll get like a
             run-time error or something, and will be logged off.

             WWiV is probally the easyest bbs software to phuck around
             with.


                                       PART III
                                   Hacking TeleGard

             Haha...If the sysop is living life without a clue, TeleGard
             is almost as easy to hack as WWiV.  If not, well, its
             tougher.

             First of all, your going to want to establish a fake account
             there.  KISS THE SYSOP'S ASS!  That is rule number 1.
             Upload him some new warez, donate a buck, whatever it takes!
             If the sysop if stupid, you don't even have to do that.  If
             he does have a clue, though, then YOU MUST do what I said
             above.

             On the other hand, if you can find out his password, FUCK
             all that ass kissing, and start hacking!  Hey, before I
             forget, another way to find out passwords of TG sysops is to
             read the USER.LST file you got off that lamer WWiV board,
             and check out what his password is there.  He might just
             have his password the same on several board.  If this
             happens, don't even feel bad about screwing over his board!
             He deserves it!

             Anyhow, once you have a good account goin for ya, upload the
             same type of file you gave the loose WWIV board.  Okay, if
             you have good enough access, you should have access the
             Archives Menu, off the file menu...Enter that menu, and
             extract the file you uploaded, and it will do the same thing
             it does to WWiV.


                                       PART IV
                                 Hacking Forum Clones

             Okay...What's a forum clone?  A forum clone is one of the
             loser BBS systems which all look the same.  Still lost?
             LSD, Emulex, Extreme, Oblivion/2, Celerity, Monarch, Havok
             and others are considered forum clones.

             To bash a forum clone, your either going to need the sysop's
             or the co-sysop's password.  You can use the ways I
             mentioned to get their passwords, or you can use your own
             ways.

             Anyhow, once you get their passwords, log on as one of them.
             Goto the doors menu (P from main), and use the sysop
             commands to open a new door (%).  Make up a batch file with
             the following commands: 1) CTTY COM1...2) COMMAND.  If you
             know the sysop is using COM2, then change COM1 to COM2.
             Alright...Run the door!  You will be transported to DOS, and
             Wa-Lah!

             If you don't have sysop's access, try this.  Upload a file
             called USERS.   with the following DSZ commands.  DSZ sz -fs
             \<dir>\<filename>.  What this does, is uploads a new users
             data file, which you program yourself, to his data
             directory.  The trick is, you have to know where his USERS.
             file is, so yours over rights his.  Once ya got that, log on
             under the password you assigned him, and crash, crash,
             crash!  Another thing that does, is wipes out all his user
             records!


                                        PART V
                                    Hanging Boards

             Haha...A child could hang a board with EASE!  Alright, so
             you pick your target...A simple way to do it is just drop
             carrier while a door is opening or closing, or when a data
             file is being writen.  There are better ways, though.

             For example, to hang a WWiV for a long time, //UPLOAD a text
             message in the message areas.  Make it a normal thing, but
             at the end, stick an escape code in there which is invalid.
             Example: ESC [349857m.  WWiV will have no idea how to take
             it, and will hang until the sysop comes and reset it.

             You really want to hang a board??  This way's a jem!  Upload
             a file under the following names -
                                 COMx.*    (x= a number from 1-4)
                                 AUX.*
                                 PRN.*
                                 CON.*
                                 CLOCK$.*
                                 x:.*       (x = a letter drive)
                                 LPTx.*

             Okay, upload yer file, and the board will try to access one
             of those things....Great, huh?  Anyhow, you HAVE to use
             XModem, and if you try to create an archive  of that name on
             your own computer, it will lock YOU up, so watch out.       

             Hanging a board can be more powerful than crashing it...How?
             For example, if you hang the local site of a large net for a
             week while the sysop is on vacation, no one can get their
             mail, and in that area, the net is paralyzed.

             Have phun trying out these techniques!  You can contact me
             at Garden of Souls, or most other Elite/HPA boards in North
             NJ!  Cya, and good luck!

             (Special NOTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

                The file we put out called BOMCOP.ZIP which told about the
                flaw in a cop car is no longer any good. The flaw has been 
                fixed so please DON'T try it!

             Later!

