                                    1819-20

                                THE SKETCH BOOK

                             THE WIDOW AND HER SON

                              by Washington Irving

         Pittie olde age, within whose silver haires

         Honour  and  reverence  evermore  have  rain'd.

                                       MARLOWE'S  TAMBURLAINE.

  THOSE who are in the habit of remarking such matters, must have
noticed the passive quiet of an English landscape on Sunday. The
clacking of the mill, the regularly recurring stroke of the flail, the
din of the blacksmith's hammer, the whistling of the ploughman, the
rattling of the cart, and all other sounds of rural labor are
suspended. The very farm-dogs bark less frequently, being less
disturbed by passing travellers. At such times I have almost fancied
the winds sunk into quiet, and that the sunny landscape, with its
fresh green tints melting into blue haze, enjoyed the hallowed calm.

         Sweet day, so pure, so calm, so bright,

         The bridal of the earth and sky.

Well was it ordained that the day of devotion should be a day of rest.
The holy repose which reigns over the face of nature, has its moral
influence; every restless passion is charmed down, and we feel the
natural religion of the soul gently springing up within us. For my
part, there are feelings that visit me, in a country church, amid
the beautiful serenity of nature, which I experience nowhere else; and
if not a more religious, I think I am a better man on Sunday than on
any other day of the seven.

  During my recent residence in the country, I used frequently to
attend at the old village church. Its shadowy aisles; its mouldering
monuments; its dark oaken panelling, all reverend with the gloom of
departed years, seemed to fit it for the haunt of solemn meditation;
but being in a wealthy aristocratic neighborhood, the glitter of
fashion penetrated even into the sanctuary; and I felt myself
continually thrown back upon the world by the frigidity and pomp of
the poor worms around me. The only being in the whole congregation who
appeared thoroughly to feel the humble and prostrate piety of a true
Christian was a poor decrepit old woman, bending under the weight of
years and infirmities. She bore the traces of something better than
abject poverty. The lingerings of decent pride were visible in her
appearance. Her dress, though humble in the extreme, was
scrupulously clean. Some trivial respect, too, had been awarded her,
for she did not take her seat among the village poor, but sat alone on
the steps of the altar. She seemed to have survived all love, all
friendship, all society; and to have nothing left her but the hopes of
heaven. When I saw her feebly rising and bending her aged form in
prayer; habitually conning her prayer-book, which her palsied hand and
failing eyes would not permit her to read, but which she evidently
knew by heart; I felt persuaded that the faltering voice of that
poor woman arose to heaven far before the responses of the clerk,
the swell of the organ, or the chanting of the choir.

  I am fond of loitering about country churches, and this was so
delightfully situated, that it frequently attracted me. It stood on
a knoll, round which a small stream made a beautiful bend, and then
wound its way through a long reach of soft meadow scenery. The
church was surrounded by yew-trees which seemed almost coeval with
itself. Its tall Gothic spire shot up lightly from among them, with
rooks and crows generally wheeling about it. I was seated there one
still sunny morning, watching two laborers who were digging a grave.
They had chosen one of the most remote and neglected corners of the
church-yard; where, from the number of nameless graves around, it
would appear that the indigent and friendless were huddled into the
earth. I was told that the new-made grave was for the only son of a
poor widow. While I was meditating on the distinctions of worldly
rank, which extend thus down into the very dust, the toll of the
bell announced the approach of the funeral. They were the obsequies of
poverty, with which pride had nothing to do. A coffin of the
plainest materials, without pall or other covering, was borne by
some of the villagers. The sexton walked before with an air of cold
indifference. There were no mock mourners in the trappings of affected
woe; but there was one real mourner who feebly tottered after the
corpse. It was the aged mother of the deceased- the poor old woman
whom I had seen seated on the steps of the altar. She was supported by
a humble friend, who was endeavoring to comfort her. A few of the
neighboring poor had joined the train, and some children of the
village were running hand in hand, now shouting with unthinking mirth,
and now pausing to gaze, with childish curiosity, on the grief of
the mourner.

  As the funeral train approached the grave, the parson issued from
the church porch, arrayed in the surplice, with prayer-book in hand,
and attended by the clerk. The service, however, was a mere act of
charity. The deceased had been destitute, and the survivor was
penniless. It was shuffled through, therefore, in form, but coldly and
unfeelingly. The well-fed priest moved but a few steps from the church
door; his voice could scarcely be heard at the grave; and never did
I hear the funeral service, that sublime and touching ceremony, turned
into such a frigid mummery of words.

  I approached the grave. The coffin was placed on the ground. On it
were inscribed the name and age of the deceased- "George Somers,
aged 26 years." The poor mother had been assisted to kneel down at the
head of it. Her withered hands were clasped, as if in prayer, but I
could perceive by a feeble rocking of the body, and a convulsive
motion of her lips, that she was gazing on the last relics of her son,
with the yearnings of a mother's heart.

  Preparations were made to deposit the coffin in the earth. There was
that bustling stir which breaks so harshly on the feelings of grief
and affection; directions given in the cold tones of business: the
striking of spades into sand and gravel; which, at the grave of
those we love, is, of all sounds, the most withering. The bustle
around seemed to waken the mother from a wretched reverie. She
raised her glazed eyes, and looked about with a faint wildness. As the
men approached with cords to lower the coffin into the grave, she
wrung her hands, and broke into an agony of grief. The poor woman
who attended her took her by the arm, endeavoring to raise her from
the earth, and to whisper something like consolation- "Nay, now-
nay, now- don't take it so sorely to heart." She could only shake
her head and wring her hands, as one not to be comforted.

  As they lowered the body into the earth, the creaking of the cords
seemed to agonize her; but when, on some accidental obstruction, there
was a justling of the coffin, all the tenderness of the mother burst
forth; as if any harm could come to him who was far beyond the reach
of worldly suffering.

  I could see no more- my heart swelled into my throat- my eyes filled
with tears- I felt as if I were acting a barbarous part in standing
by, and gazing idly on this scene of maternal anguish. I wandered to
another part of the church-yard, where I remained until the funeral
train had dispersed.

  When I saw the mother slowly and painfully quitting the grave,
leaving behind her the remains of all that was dear to her on earth,
and returning to silence and destitution, my heart ached for her.
What, thought I, are the distresses of the rich! they have friends
to soothe- pleasures to beguile- a world to divert and dissipate their
griefs. What are the sorrows of the young! Their growing minds soon
close above the wound- their elastic spirits soon rise beneath the
pressure- their green and ductile affections soon twine round new
objects. But the sorrows of the poor, who have no outward appliances
to soothe- the sorrows of the aged, with whom life at best is but a
wintry day, and who can look for no after-growth of joy- the sorrows
of a widow, aged, solitary, destitute, mourning over an only son,
the last solace of her years; these are indeed sorrows which make us
feel the impotency of consolation.

  It was some time before I left the church-yard. On my way homeward I
met with the woman who had acted as comforter: she was just
returning from accompanying the mother to her lonely habitation, and I
drew from her some particulars connected with the affecting scene I
had witnessed.

  The parents of the deceased had resided in the village from
childhood. They had inhabited one of the neatest cottages, and by
various rural occupations, and the assistance of a small garden, had
supported themselves creditably and comfortably, and led a happy and a
blameless life. They had one son, who had grown up to be the staff and
pride of their age.- "Oh, sir!" said the good woman, "he was such a
comely lad, so sweet-tempered, so kind to every one around him, so
dutiful to his parents! It did one's heart good to see him of a
Sunday, dressed out in his best, so tall, so straight, so cheery,
supporting his old mother to church- for she was always fonder of
leaning on George's arm, than on her good man's; and, poor soul, she
might well be proud of him, for a finer lad there was not in the
country round."

  Unfortunately, the son was tempted, during a year of scarcity and
agricultural hardship, to enter into the service of one of the small
craft that plied on a neighboring river. He had not been long in
this employ when he was entrapped by a press-gang, and carried off
to sea. His parents received tidings of his seizure, but beyond that
they could learn nothing. It was the loss of their main prop. The
father, who was already infirm, grew heartless and melancholy, and
sunk into his grave. The widow, left lonely in her age and feebleness,
could no longer support herself, and came upon the parish. Still there
was a kind feeling toward her throughout the village, and a certain
respect as being one of the oldest inhabitants. As no one applied
for the cottage, in which she had passed so many happy days, she was
permitted to remain in it, where she lived solitary and almost
helpless. The few wants of nature were chiefly supplied from the
scanty productions of her little garden, which the neighbors would now
and then cultivate for her. It was but a few days before the time at
which these circumstances were told me, that she was gathering some
vegetables for her repast, when she heard the cottage door which faced
the garden suddenly opened. A stranger came out, and seemed to be
looking eagerly and wildly around. He was dressed in seaman's clothes,
was emaciated and ghastly pale, and bore the air of one broken by
sickness and hardships. He saw her, and hastened towards her, but
his steps were faint and faltering; he sank on his knees before her,
and sobbed like a child. The poor woman gazed upon him with a vacant
and wandering eye- "Oh, my dear, dear mother! don't you know your son?
your poor boy, George?" It was indeed the wreck of her once noble lad,
who, shattered by wounds, by sickness and foreign imprisonment, had,
at length, dragged his wasted limbs homeward, to repose among the
scenes of his childhood.

  I will not attempt to detail the particulars of such a meeting,
where joy and sorrow were so completely blended: still he was alive!
he was come home! he might yet live to comfort and cherish her old
age! Nature, however, was exhausted in him; and if any thing had
been wanting to finish the work of fate, the desolation of his
native cottage would have been sufficient. He stretched himself on the
pallet on which his widowed mother had passed many a sleepless
night, and he never rose from it again.

  The villagers, when they heard that George Somers had returned,
crowded to see him, offering every comfort and assistance that their
humble means afforded. He was too weak, however, to talk- he could
only look his thanks. His mother was his constant attendant; and he
seemed unwilling to be helped by any other hand.

  There is something in sickness that breaks down the pride of
manhood; that softens the heart, and brings it back to the feelings of
infancy. Who that has languished, even in advanced life, in sickness
and despondency; who that has pined on a weary bed in the neglect
and loneliness of a foreign land; but has thought on the mother
"that looked on his childhood," that smoothed his pillow, and
administered to his helplessness? Oh! there is an enduring
tenderness in the love of a mother to her son that transcends all
other affections of the heart. It is neither to be chilled by
selfishness, nor daunted by danger, nor weakened by worthlessness, nor
stifled by ingratitude. She will sacrifice every comfort to his
convenience; she will surrender every pleasure to his enjoyment; she
will glory in his fame, and exult in his prosperity:- and, if
misfortune overtake him, he will be the dearer to her from misfortune;
and if disgrace settle upon his name, she will still love and
cherish him in spite of his disgrace; and if all the world beside cast
him off, she will be all the world to him.

  Poor George Somers had known what it was to be in sickness, and none
to soothe- lonely and in prison, and none to visit him. He could not
endure his mother from his sight; if she moved away, his eye would
follow her. She would sit for hours by his bed, watching him as he
slept. Sometimes he would start from a feverish dream, and look
anxiously up until he saw her bending over him; when he would take her
hand, lay it on his bosom, and fall asleep, with the tranquillity of a
child. In this way he died.

  My first impulse on hearing this humble tale of affliction was to
visit the cottage of the mourner, and administer pecuniary assistance,
and, if possible, comfort. I found, however, on inquiry, that the good
feelings of the villagers had prompted them to do every thing that the
case admitted: and as the poor know best how to console each other's
sorrows, I did not venture to intrude.

  The next Sunday I was at the village church; when, to my surprise, I
saw the poor old woman tottering down the aisle to her accustomed seat
on the steps of the altar.

  She had made an effort to put on something like mourning for her
son; and nothing could be more touching than this struggle between
pious affection and utter poverty: a black ribbon or so- a faded black
handkerchief, and one or two more such humble attempts to express by
outward signs that grief which passes show. When I looked round upon
the storied monuments, the stately hatchments, the cold marble pomp,
with which grandeur mourned magnificently over departed pride, and
turned to this poor widow, bowed down by age and sorrow, at the
altar of her God, and offering up the prayers and praises of a
pious, though a broken heart, I felt that this living monument of real
grief was worth them all.

  I related her story to some of the wealthy members of the
congregation, and they were moved by it. They exerted themselves to
render her situation more comfortable, and to lighten her afflictions.
It was, however, but smoothing a few steps to the grave. In the course
of a Sunday or two after, she was missed from her usual seat at
church, and before I left the neighborhood, I heard, with a feeling of
satisfaction, that she had quietly breathed her last, and had gone
to rejoin those she loved, in that world where sorrow is never
known, and friends are never parted.

                        THE END
.
