                                    1819-20

                                THE SKETCH BOOK

                               WESTMINSTER ABBEY

                              by Washington Irving

           When I behold, with deep astonishment,

           To famous Westminster how there resorte

           Living in brasse or stoney monument,

           The princes and the worthies of all sorte;

           Doe not I see reformde nobilitie,

           Without contempt, or pride, or ostentation,

           And looke upon offenselesse majesty,

           Naked of pomp or earthly domination?

           And how a play-game of a painted stone

           Contents the quiet now and silent sprites,

           Whome all the world which late they stood upon

           Could not content or quench their appetites.

             Life is a frost of cold felicitie,

             And death the thaw of all our vanitie.

                            CHRISTOLERO'S EPIGRAMS, BY T. B. 1598.

  ON ONE of those sober and rather melancholy days, in the latter part
of Autumn, when the shadows of morning and evening almost mingle
together, and throw a gloom over the decline of the year, I passed
several hours in rambling about Westminster Abbey. There was something
congenial to the season in the mournful magnificence of the old
pile; and, as I passed its threshold, seemed like stepping back into
the regions of antiquity, and losing myself among the shades of former
ages.

  I entered from the inner court of Westminster School, through a
long, low, vaulted passage, that had an almost subterranean look,
being dimly lighted in one part by circular perforations in the
massive walls. Through this dark avenue I had a distant view of the
cloisters, with the figure of an old verger, in his black gown, moving
along their shadowy vaults, and seeming like a spectre from one of the
neighboring tombs. The approach to the abbey through these gloomy
monastic remains prepares the mind for its solemn contemplation. The
cloisters still retain something of the quiet and seclusion of
former days. The gray walls are discolored by damps, and crumbling
with age; a coat of hoary moss has gathered over the inscriptions of
the mural monuments, and obscured the death's heads, and other
funereal emblems. The sharp touches of the chisel are gone from the
rich tracery of the arches; the roses which adorned the key-stones
have lost their leafy beauty; every thing bears marks of the gradual
dilapidations of time, which yet has something touching and pleasing
in its very decay.

  The sun was pouring down a yellow autumnal ray into the square of
the cloisters; beaming upon a scanty plot of grass in the centre,
and lighting up an angle of the vaulted passage with a kind of dusky
splendor. From between the arcades, the eye glanced up to a bit of
blue sky or a passing cloud; and beheld the sun-gilt pinnacles of
the abbey towering into the azure heaven.

  As I paced the cloisters, sometimes contemplating this mingled
picture of glory and decay, and sometimes endeavoring to decipher
the inscriptions on the tombstones, which formed the pavement
beneath my feet, my eye was attracted to three figures, rudely
carved in relief, but nearly worn away by the footsteps of many
generations. They were the effigies of three of the early abbots;
the epitaphs were entirely effaced; the names alone remained, having
no doubt been renewed in later times. (Vitalis Abbas. 1082, and
Gislebertus Crispinus. Abbas. 1114, and Laurentius. Abbas. 1176.) I
remained some little while, musing over these casual relics of
antiquity, thus left like wrecks upon this distant shore of time,
telling no tale but that such beings had been, and had perished;
teaching no moral but the futility of that pride which hopes still
to exact homage in its ashes, and to live in an inscription. A
little longer, and even these faint records will be obliterated, and
the monument will cease to be a memorial. Whilst I was yet looking
down upon these grave-stones, I was roused by the sound of the abbey
clock, reverberating from buttress to buttress, and echoing among
the cloisters. It is almost startling to hear this warning of departed
time sounding among the tombs, and telling the lapse of the hour,
which, like a billow, has rolled us onward towards the grave. I
pursued my walk to an arched door opening to the interior of the
abbey. On entering here, the magnitude of the building breaks fully
upon the mind, contrasted with the vaults of the cloisters. The eyes
gaze with wonder at clustered columns of gigantic dimensions, with
arches springing from them to such an amazing height; and man
wandering about their bases, shrunk into insignificance in
comparison with his own handiwork. The spaciousness and gloom of
this vast edifice produce a profound and mysterious awe. We step
cautiously and softly about, as if fearful of disturbing the
hallowed silence of the tomb; while every footfall whispers along
the walls, and chatters among the sepulchres, making us more
sensible of the quiet we have interrupted.

  It seems as if the awful nature of the place presses down upon the
soul, and hushes the beholder into noiseless reverence. We feel that
we are surrounded by the congregated bones of the great men of past
times, who have filled history with their deeds, and the earth with
their renown.

  And yet it almost provokes a smile at the vanity of human
ambition, to see how they are crowded together and jostled in the
dust; what parsimony is observed in doling out a scanty nook, a gloomy
corner, a little portion of earth, to those, whom, when alive,
kingdoms could not satisfy; and how many shapes, and forms, and
artifices, are devised to catch the casual notice of the passenger,
and save from forgetfulness, for a few short years, a name which
once aspired to occupy ages of the world's thought and admiration.

  I passed some time in Poet's Corner, which occupies an end of one of
the transepts or cross aisles of the abbey. The monuments are
generally simple; for the lives of literary men afford no striking
themes for the sculptor. Shakespeare and Addison have statues
erected to their memories; but the greater part have busts,
medallions, and sometimes mere inscriptions. Notwithstanding the
simplicity of these memorials, I have always observed that the
visitors to the abbey remained longest about them. A kinder and fonder
feeling takes place of that cold curiosity or vague admiration with
which they gaze on the splendid monuments of the great and the heroic.
They linger about these as about the tombs of friends and
companions; for indeed there is something of companionship between the
author and the reader. Other men are known to posterity only through
the medium of history, which is continually growing faint and obscure:
but the intercourse between the author and his fellow-men is ever new,
active, and immediate. He has lived for them more than for himself; he
has sacrificed surrounding enjoyments, and shut himself up from the
delights of social life, that he might the more intimately commune
with distant minds and distant ages. Well may the world cherish his
renown; for it has been purchased, not by deeds of violence and blood,
but by the diligent dispensation of pleasure. Well may posterity be
grateful to his memory; for he has left it an inheritance, not of
empty names and sounding actions, but whole treasures of wisdom,
bright gems of thought, and golden veins of language.

  From Poet's Corner I continued my stroll towards that part of the
abbey which contains the sepulchres of the kings. I wandered among
what once were chapels, but which are now occupied by the tombs and
monuments of the great. At every turn I met with some illustrious
name; or the cognizance of some powerful house renowned in history. As
the eye darts into these dusky chambers of death, it catches
glimpses of quaint effigies; some kneeling in niches, as if in
devotion; others stretched upon the tombs, with hands piously
pressed together: warriors in armor, as if reposing after battle;
prelates with crosiers and mitres; and nobles in robes and coronets,
lying as it were in state. In glancing over this scene, so strangely
populous, yet where every form is so still and silent, it seems almost
as if we were treading a mansion of that fabled city, where every
being had been suddenly transmuted into stone.

  I paused to contemplate a tomb on which lay the effigy of a knight
in complete armor. A large buckler was on one arm; the hands were
pressed together in supplication upon the breast: the face was
almost covered by the morion; the legs were crossed, in token of the
warrior's having been engaged in the holy war. It was the tomb of a
crusader; of one of those military enthusiasts, who so strangely
mingled religion and romance, and whose exploits form the connecting
link between fact and fiction; between the history and the fairy tale.
There is something extremely picturesque in the tombs of these
adventurers, decorated as they are with rude armorial bearings and
Gothic sculpture. They comport with the antiquated chapels in which
they are generally found; and in considering them, the imagination
is apt to kindle with the legendary associations, the romantic
fiction, the chivalrous pomp and pageantry, which poetry has spread
over the wars for the sepulchre of Christ. They are the relics of
times utterly gone by; of beings passed from recollection; of
customs and manners with which ours have no affinity. They are like
objects from some strange and distant land, of which we have no
certain knowledge, and about which all our conceptions are vague and
visionary. There is something extremely solemn and awful in those
effigies on Gothic tombs, extended as if in the sleep of death, or
in the supplication of the dying hour. They have an effect
infinitely more impressive on my feelings than the fanciful attitudes,
the overwrought conceits, and allegorical groups, which abound on
modern monuments. I have been struck, also, with the superiority of
many of the old sepulchral inscriptions. There was a noble way, in
former times, of saying things simply, and yet saying them proudly;
and I do not know an epitaph that breathes a loftier consciousness
of family worth and honorable lineage, than one which affirms, of a
noble house, that "all the brothers were brave, and all the sisters
virtuous."

  In the opposite transept to Poet's Corner stands a monument which is
among the most renowned achievements of modern art; but which to me
appears horrible rather than sublime. It is the tomb of Mrs.
Nightingale, by Roubillac. The bottom of the monument is represented
as throwing open its marble doors, and a sheeted skeleton is
starting forth. The shroud is falling from his fleshless frame as he
launches his dart at his victim. She is sinking into her affrighted
husband's arms, who strives, with vain and frantic effort, to avert
the blow. The whole is executed with terrible truth and spirit; we
almost fancy we hear the gibbering yell of triumph bursting from the
distended jaws of the spectre.- But why should we thus seek to
clothe death with unnecessary terrors, and to spread horrors round the
tomb of those we love? The grave should be surrounded by every thing
that might inspire tenderness and veneration for the dead; or that
might win the living to virtue. It is the place, not of disgust and
dismay, but of sorrow and meditation.

  While wandering about these gloomy vaults and silent aisles,
studying the records of the dead, the sound of busy existence from
without occasionally reaches the ear;- the rumbling of the passing
equipage; the murmur of the multitude; or perhaps the light laugh of
pleasure. The contrast is striking with the deathlike repose around:
and it has a strange effect upon the feelings, thus to hear the surges
of active life hurrying along, and beating against the very walls of
the sepulchre.

  I continued in this way to move from tomb to tomb, and from chapel
to chapel. The day was gradually wearing away; the distant tread of
loiterers about the abbey grew less and less frequent; the
sweet-tongued bell was summoning to evening prayers; and I saw at a
distance the choristers, in their white surplices, crossing the
aisle and entering the choir. I stood before the entrance to Henry the
Seventh's chapel. A flight of steps lead up to it, through a deep
and gloomy, but magnificent arch. Great gates of brass, richly and
delicately wrought, turn heavily upon their hinges, as if proudly
reluctant to admit the feet of common mortals into this most
gorgeous of sepulchres.

  On entering, the eye is astonished by the pomp of architecture,
and the elaborate beauty of sculptured detail. The very walls are
wrought into universal ornament, incrusted with tracery, and scooped
into niches, crowded with the statues of saints and martyrs. Stone
seems, by the cunning labor of the chisel, to have been robbed of
its weight and density, suspended aloft, as if by magic, and the
fretted roof achieved with the wonderful minuteness and airy
security of a cobweb.

  Along the sides of the chapel are the lofty stalls of the Knights of
the Bath, richly carved of oak, though with the grotesque
decorations of Gothic architecture. On the pinnacles of the stalls are
affixed the helmets and crests of the knights, with their scarfs and
swords; and above them are suspended their banners, emblazoned with
armorial bearings, and contrasting the splendor of gold and purple and
crimson, with the cold gray fretwork of the roof. In the midst of this
grand mausoleum stands the sepulchre of its founder,- his effigy, with
that of his queen, extended on a sumptuous tomb, and the whole
surrounded by a superbly-wrought brazen railing.

  There is a sad dreariness in this magnificence; this strange mixture
of tombs and trophies; these emblems of living and aspiring
ambition, close beside mementos which show the dust and oblivion in
which all must sooner or later terminate. Nothing impresses the mind
with a deeper feeling of loneliness, than to tread the silent and
deserted scene of former throng and pageant. On looking round on the
vacant stalls of the knights and their esquires, and on the rows of
dusty but gorgeous banners that were once borne before them, my
imagination conjured up the scene when this hall was bright with the
valor and beauty of the land; glittering with the splendor of jewelled
rank and military array; alive with the tread of many feet and the hum
of an admiring multitude. All had passed away; the silence of death
had settled again upon the place, interrupted only by the casual
chirping of birds, which had found their way into the chapel, and
built their nests among its friezes and pendants- sure sign of
solitariness and desertion.

  When I read the names inscribed on the banners, they were those of
men scattered far and wide about the world; some tossing upon
distant seas; some under arms in distant lands; some mingling in the
busy intrigues of courts and cabinets; all seeking to deserve one more
distinction in this mansion of shadowy honors: the melancholy reward
of a monument.

  Two small aisles on each side of this chapel present a touching
instance of the equality of the grave; which brings down the oppressor
to a level with the oppressed, and mingles the dust of the bitterest
enemies together. In one is the sepulchre of the haughty Elizabeth; in
the other is that of her victim, the lovely and unfortunate Mary.
Not an hour in the day but some ejaculation of pity is uttered over
the fate of the latter, mingled with indignation at her oppressor. The
walls of Elizabeth's sepulchre continually echo with the sighs of
sympathy heaved at the grave of her rival.

  A peculiar melancholy reigns over the aisle where Mary lies
buried. The light struggles dimly through windows darkened by dust.
The greater part of the place is in deep shadow, and the walls are
stained and tinted by time and weather. A marble figure of Mary is
stretched upon the tomb, round which is an iron railing, much
corroded, bearing her national emblem- the thistle. I was weary with
wandering, and sat down to rest myself by the monument, revolving in
my mind the chequered and disastrous story of poor Mary.

  The sound of casual footsteps had ceased from the abbey. I could
only hear, now and then, the distant voice of the priest repeating the
evening service, and the faint responses of the choir; these paused
for a time, and all was hushed. The stillness, the desertion and
obscurity that were gradually prevailing around, gave a deeper and
more solemn interest to the place:

           For in the silent grave no conversation,

           No joyful tread of friends, no voice of lovers,

           No careful father's counsel- nothing's heard,

           For nothing is, but all oblivion,

           Dust, and an endless darkness.

  Suddenly the notes of the deep-laboring organ burst upon the ear,
falling with doubled and redoubled intensity, and rolling, as it were,
huge billows of sound. How well do their volume and grandeur accord
with this mighty building! With what pomp do they swell through its
vast vaults, and breathe their awful harmony through these caves of
death, and make the silent sepulchre vocal!- And now they rise in
triumph and acclamation, heaving higher and higher their accordant
notes, and piling sound on sound.- And now they pause, and the soft
voices of the choir break out into sweet gushes of melody; they soar
aloft, and warble along the roof, and seem to play about these lofty
vaults like the pure airs of heaven. Again the pealing organ heaves
its thrilling thunders, compressing air into music, and rolling it
forth upon the soul. What long-drawn cadences! What solemn sweeping
concords! It grows more and more dense and powerful- it fills the vast
pile, and seems to jar the very walls- the ear is stunned- the
senses are overwhelmed. And now it is winding up in full jubilee- it
is rising from the earth to heaven- the very soul seems rapt away
and floated upwards on this swelling tide of harmony!

  I sat for some time lost in that kind of reverie which a strain of
music is apt sometimes to inspire: the shadows of evening were
gradually thickening round me; the monuments began to cast deeper
and deeper gloom; and the distant clock again gave token of the slowly
waning day.

  I rose and prepared to leave the abbey. As I descended the flight of
steps which lead into the body of the building, my eye was caught by
the shrine of Edward the Confessor, and I ascended the small staircase
that conducts to it, to take from thence a general survey of this
wilderness of tombs. The shrine is elevated upon a kind of platform,
and close around it are the sepulchres of various kings and queens.
From this eminence the eye looks down between pillars and funeral
trophies to the chapels and chambers below, crowded with tombs;
where warriors, prelates, courtiers and statesmen, lie mouldering in
their "beds of darkness." Close by me stood the great chair of
coronation, rudely carved of oak, in the barbarous taste of a remote
and Gothic age. The scene seemed almost as if contrived, with
theatrical artifice, to produce an effect upon the beholder. Here
was a type of the beginning and the end of human pomp and power;
here it was literally but a step from the throne to the sepulchre.
Would not one think that these incongruous mementos had been
gathered together as a lesson to living greatness?- to show it, even
in the moment of its proudest exaltation, the neglect and dishonor
to which it must soon arrive; how soon that crown which encircles
its brow must pass away, and it must lie down in the dust and
disgraces of the tomb, and be trampled upon by the feet of the meanest
of the multitude. For, strange to tell, even the grave is here no
longer a sanctuary. There is a shocking levity in some natures,
which leads them to sport with awful and hallowed things; and there
are base minds, which delight to revenge on the illustrious dead the
abject homage and grovelling servility which they pay to the living.
The coffin of Edward the Confessor has been broken open, and his
remains despoiled of their funereal ornaments; the sceptre has been
stolen from the hand of the imperious Elizabeth, and the effigy of
Henry the Fifth lies headless. Not a royal monument but bears some
proof how false and fugitive is the homage of mankind. Some are
plundered; some mutilated; some covered with ribaldry and insult-
all more or less outraged and dishonored!

  The last beams of day were now faintly streaming through the painted
windows in the high vaults above me; the lower parts of the abbey were
already wrapped in the obscurity of twilight. The chapels and aisles
grew darker and darker. The effigies of the kings faded into
shadows; the marble figures of the monuments assumed strange shapes in
the uncertain light; the evening breeze crept through the aisles
like the cold breath of the grave; and even the distant footfall of
a verger, traversing the Poet's Corner, had something strange and
dreary in its sound. I slowly retraced my morning's walk, and as I
passed out at the portal of the cloisters, the door, closing with a
jarring noise behind me, filled the whole building with echoes.

  I endeavored to form some arrangement in my mind of the objects I
had been contemplating, but found they were already fallen into
indistinctness and confusion. Names, inscriptions, trophies, had all
become confounded in my recollection, though I had scarcely taken my
foot from off the threshold. What, thought I, is this vast
assemblage of sepulchres but a treasury of humiliation; a huge pile of
reiterated homilies on the emptiness of renown, and the certainty of
oblivion! It is, indeed, the empire of death; his great shadowy
palace, where he sits in state, mocking at the relics of human
glory, and spreading dust and forgetfulness on the monuments of
princes. How idle a boast, after all, is the immortality of a name!
Time is ever silently turning over his pages; we are too much
engrossed by the story of the present, to think of the characters
and anecdotes that gave interest to the past; and each age is a volume
thrown aside to be speedily forgotten. The idol of to-day pushes the
hero of yesterday out of our recollection; and will, in turn, be
supplanted by his successor of tomorrow. "Our fathers," says Sir
Thomas Brown, "find their graves in our short memories, and sadly tell
us how we may be buried in our survivors." History fades into fable;
fact becomes clouded with doubt and controversy; the inscription
moulders from the tablet; the statue falls from the pedestal. Columns,
arches, pyramids, what are they but heaps of sand; and their epitaphs,
but characters written in the dust? What is the security of a tomb, or
the perpetuity of an embalmment? The remains of Alexander the Great
have been scattered to the wind, and his empty sarcophagus is now
the mere curiosity of a museum. "The Egyptian mummies, which
Cambyses or time hath spared, avarice now consumeth; Mizraim cures
wounds, and Pharaoh is sold for balsams."*

  * Sir T. Brown.

  What then is to insure this pile which now towers above me from
sharing the fate of mightier mausoleums? The time must come when its
gilded vaults, which now spring so loftily, shall lie in rubbish
beneath the feet; when, instead of the sound of melody and praise, the
wind shall whistle through the broken arches, and the owl hoot from
the shattered tower- when the garish sunbeam shall break into these
gloomy mansions of death, and the ivy twine round the fallen column;
and the fox-glove hang its blossoms about the nameless urn, as if in
mockery of the dead. Thus man passes away; his name perishes from
record and recollection; his history is as a tale that is told, and
his very monument becomes a ruin.

                        THE END
.
