
                      BULLETIN #10

KULTCHA 1986



Q. Who is this Brother-in-law guy you keep ranting and raving about?



A. Slim Brooks, who introduced me to him shortly after the Bay of Pigs
invasion, in New Orleans in 1961, used to call him Brother-in-law. He was
supposed to be Slim's brother-in-law and was supposed be named Gary
Kirstein. But then Slim Brooks was supposed to be Roderick R. Brooks
whereas in fact I now think he was a former Minute Man named Jerry
Milton Brooks.

   In the middle seventies when I first began talking about Gary Kirstein I
began to sense something weird in the way people responded. There was a
Gary Kirstein still living in New Orleans listed with information. A
reporter told me he found Gary Kirstein's name in the registers of some
gun clubs. A magician in California investigating snuff films and other
illegitimate practices among occultists said Gary Kirstein's name had
turned up. I noticed that whoever I spoke to about him who seemed
knowledgable usually mentioned the Trilateral Commission, as if to hint.

   Anyway, it eventually became pretty obvious to me that whoever I had
met in 1961 in New Orleans had probably been using Kirstein's name in
order to set him up. Brother-in-law had in fact hinted at the time that he
was "really more like a mad scientist" than the Nazi Kirstein was supposed
to be and on one occasion he spoke emotionally of a scientist named Tom
Miethe. So in 1977 and early 1978 I assumed I had been dealing with
Miethe undercover as Kirstein. I found that Miethe was one of Hitler's
rocket scientists who wound up working for AVRO in Canada after the war.
I met two individuals who claim they knew him as a teacher of nuclear
physics at Georgia Tech in Atlanta in the middle sixties. Still, people
kept treating me like I was joking or crazy or trying to frame Miethe.

   Then in 1978 somebody furnished me with what seemed like a hot tip
that my man in New Orleans had actually been neither Kirstein nor Miethe
but a Canadian businessman named Mortimer Bloomfield -- mentioned in
Nomenclature of an Assassination Cabal as one of John Kennedy's
assassins. Since assassinating J.F.K. had been one of our chief subjects of
discussion, that seemed at least possible.

   Then, that same year, an assassination buff in California expressed the
opinion that I had been talking to the Watergate burglar, E****d H. ****
(name withheld). So I read his autobiography, Undercover. Not only did he
mention being involved in a number of C.I.A. projects that the man I knew
as Gary Kirstein discussed with me, a 1959 photo of  him in that book
exactly resembles the man I knew as Kirstein -- except that Kirstein was
a bald and **** at that time, wasn't. So for the past many years I've been
more or less convinced I was dealing with **** in disguise.

   So I call him Brother-in-law, in case I'm still wrong.



                                                     -- Kerry Wendell Thornley

c 1986 Kerry W. Thornley
Available Exclusively From:
Illumi-Net Computer Bulletin Board System
(404) 377-1141

