
"There is still another psychological process that I have run across in my
explorations of failure to actualize the self. This evasion of growth can
also be set in motion by a fear of paranoia."  -- Abraham Maslow THE
FARTHER REACHES OF HUMAN NATURE (Penguin Books, 1971)

"Paranoia is a state of heightened awareness. Most people are persecuted
beyond their wildest delusions." - Claude Steiner
                                              The Radical Psychiatry Manifesto
                                              --------------------------------

That it must be a conscious strategy of the monopoly capitalists to
infiltrate leftist movements for the purpose of dividing the radical
bourgeois and the proletariat seems obvious in view of the history of
communist cultural disputes. Movements don't commit suicide of their own
unassisted volition.

   It is always among radicals of the left--and to a lesser extent, the
unestablished libertarian right--that silly debates about personal esthetic
and sexual options upsurp meetings, stymie projects and divide
movements.

   Republicans, who present no threat to the status quo, are capable of
keeping  cultural differences in a sane perspective. With rare exceptions
like the arguing about abortion at Miami in 1972, so are Democrats.

   Leftists and Libertarians are just as intelligent, yet...

   Evidence of a conspiracy forever sharpening its techniques is also to be
noted in that newer movements-- such as radical feminism -- carry a
divisive emphasis of traditional values in the name of progressive values
to ever-more-absurd extremes. What are we to conclude if not the more
recently organized the movement the more sophisticated its infiltrators
at getting in on the ground floor?

   In other words, just as revolutionaries evaluate the results of a battle
and endeavor to avoid past errors, so do the capitalists. They refine their
tactics just as we improve our own -- by applying the scientific method.

   Things appear to have advanced this far in the direction of preventing
genuinely liberative revolution: all or most bourgeois radicals are captives
of ruling class secret societies, kept in line by the threat of an ever more
culturally retarded proletariat -- infiltrated with all manner of religious
and reactionary agents -- culminating in a Prussian system of blackmail.

   So the brain of radicalism has been severed from the body. The educated
and the strony are killing one another -- about culture.



BULLETIN #9           1986                                         HO CHI ZEN




