
KULTCHA



Why your manipulators want you to discuss culture instead of:

   "Another exchange to which I respond fearfully because  of
Brother-in-law's fierce attitudes, I regret as much as the chat about
snuff films.

   "Once he said to me: 'Kerry, the cubans are mostly of Spanish blood, and
Spaniards are White people. So if there is another war, and if there is
some way of influencing where it occurs, I think it would be good if that
war was against somebody other than the Cubans -- such as an Oriental
race. Don't you?'

   "My answer was a meek, 'Yes.'"

(from page 15 of the Famine Digest version of THE DREADLOCK
RECOLLECTIONS - Kerry Wendell Thornley; 30 pages inall: $5 from the
author: 2981 Lookout Place, Atlanta 30305; the talks reported took place
under Kennedy between 1961 and 1963 and included plans to assassinate
him which I then didn't think were serious; in 1975, because of Watergate,
I realized the man I knew as Brother-in-law was probably a CIA agent)



   "'Kerry, remember the Reichstag fire? You know, that's how the Nazis
took over Germany. They created an emergency and then blamed it on the
Communists so they could clamp down. They accused van der Lubbe of
burning the Reichstag and said he was a Communist agent. Because most
people believed them, the Fascists were able to rule Germany for all that
time.'

   "'Yeah, the Reichstag was their government record building, wasn't it?' I
said so as not to seem ignorant.

   "'Kerry? What if van der Lubbe had had a friend who realized he was
innocent? Think what would have happened! If that friend had come
forward and exposed the truth, then Germany would have been spared all
those years of suffering under the Nazis.' Brother-in-law seemed
inappropriately excited about such an academic speculation."

(from page 23 of the Famine Digest edition of THE DREADLOCK
RECOLLECTIONS, also know as FOLK-WRITE #4)



   Have you ever wondered why, after all these years, the truth about the
JFK murder is still being supressed? One of the main reasons is because
neither the right nor the left nor the political center wants you to
discover the war in Indochina was a deliberately planned racist act of
genocide. If I had understood the above van der Lubbe rap I could have
known to mention this material when I testified before the Warren
Commission in 1964. Since probable only a minority of the assassins
wanted to expose the Nazi faction and avoid an Asian war, a compromise
was probably reached where I would be given the information and then
whether or not I passed it on would determine policy for all. The
anti-Nazis bet that I would; I failed them: I didn't want to seem paranoid,
so I discounted the conversations with Brother-in-law.



BULLETIN #8                                          -- Kerry Wendell Thornley

1986                                        (cf. Warren Report, Vol. 11, pp 80+)

c 1986 Kerry W. Thornley
Available Exclusively From:
Illumi-Net Computer Bulletin Board System
(404) 377-1141


