
   "The claim of the State Socialists, however, that this right would not be
exercised in matters pertaining to the individual in the more intimate and
private relations of his life is not borne out by the history of
governments....


Whatever, then, the State Socialists may claim or disclaim, their system,
if adopted, is doomed to end in a State religion, to the expense of which all
must kneel; ...a State code of morals, which will not content itself with
punishing crime, but will prohibit what the majority regard to be vice; ..."

         --Benjamin Tucker, "State Socialism and Anarchism"

             (1983) INSTEAD OF A BOOK


   "The twisted outgrowths of this society, such as pornography and
prostitution, will be forcibly abolished right off the bat and their
re-emergence not tolerated."

        --Bob Avakian, Revolutionary Communist Party



   "Nor does the Anarchist scheme furnish any code of morals to be imposed
upon the individual. 'Mind your own business' is its only moral law.
Interference with another's business is a crime and the only crime, and as
such may properly be resisted. In accordance with this view the
Anarchists look upon attempts to arbitrarily suppress vice as in
themselves crimes. They believe liberty and the resultant social well
being to be a sure cure fo rall vices. But they recognize the right of the
drunkard, the gambler, the rake, and the harlot to live until they shall
freely choose to abandon them."  --Benjamin Tucker, "State Socialism and
Anarchism"



   "As for homosexuality, this too, is perpetuated and fostered by the decay
of capitalism, especially as it sinks into deeper crisis. This is particularly
the cas because of the distorted, oppressive man-woman relationships
capitalism promotes." Bob Avakian, Revolutionary Communist Party



   "Even in so delicate a matter as that of the relations of the sexes the
Anarchists do not shrink from the application of their principle. They
acknowledge and defend th erigfht of any man and woman, or any men and
women,to love each other for as long or as short a time as they can, will,
or may. To them legal marriage and legal divoprce are equal absurdities.
They look forward to a time whjen every individual, whether man or
woman,shall be self-supporting, and when each shall have an independent
home of his or her own,whether it be a separate house or rooms in a house
with others; when the love relations between theses independent
individuals shlal be as varied as rare indivudual inclinations and
attractions; and when the children born of therse relations shall belong
exclusively to the mothers until old enough to belong to themselves."

                 --Benjamin Tucker,  "State Socialism and Anarchism"





                                               KULTCHA



          Organ of the Revolutionary Surrealist Vandel Party (RSVP)

c 1986 Kerry W. Thornley
Available from:
Illumi-Net
(404) 377-1141


