


BULLETIN #12    1986



"And the fact that the hierarchists of the party have tightened up their
Official groups does not excuse the mistakes (we can't always question
motives, I know, many of my own errors were honest mistakes)
perpetrated by any apologist for the white european racist bastards who
are perpetrating genocide (bodily and culturally) in all the southern
hemisphere whether they be for the eagle or the bear." -- V.T. Lee, Former
National Director, Fair Plan for Cuba Committee



Let us say, because it is uncontested, that Nazism was Prussianism's
uniformed guard. And let us say, for the sake of argument (or credibility),
that Marxim is the plainclothes bodyguard of Prussianism. For it would
appear that the function of Communist Parties is to keep potentially
effectual revolutionaries in the non-caucasion world under tight control.
Ethiopia is a case in point. Do not, however, jump to the conclusion that
capitalism is therefore a lesser evil. For if Marxism is the bodyguard,
capitalism (particularly land monopolism) is the paymaster of
Prussianism, and its pawns.



It may be Nazis who plan the holocaust and Marxists under strict
centralized discipline who unwittingly co-opt and bust the opposition. It
is landlords and natural resource cartels who profit by the starvation to
death of more than six million non-Caucasions every five months.


If you ask: "Then what hope is there?" For it seems there is nowhere to
turn. I can only answer: "You"ve known all along that one out of every three
earthlings goes to bed hungry every night. What hope was there in that?
There is more hope in understanding a problem than in pushing it out of
mind."


"One must distinguish between the prejudices of the people and those of
the privileged classes. The prejudices of the masses are based only on
their ignorance and run counter to their own interest, where the
prejudices of the bourgeoisie are based precisely on their interest. Which
of the two is incurable? The bourgeoisie, without any doubt." -- Michael
Bakunin, THE POLITICS OF THE INTERNATIONAL, 1869.



    "Just as the State is always trying within its borders to abolish
equality of social position among its subjects and to perpetuate this
seperation by differences of caste and class, so externally, too, it may
take care to keep itself distinct from all other Governmental
organizations and to instill into its citizens the belief in their national
superiority over all other peoples." Rudolf Rocker--NATIONALISM AND
CULTURE, 1933.



   KULTCHA







