
DIVISION & CONQUEST: To create a revolutionary movement with zero
appeal to both intellectuals and workers, deprive its adherents of the
consolations of religious theory without allowing them the liberties and
pleasures permitted by atheism. That way, you will attract only
submissive neurotics and oppositional infiltrators and you will wind up --
if your goal is communism --with the State capitalism of modern Russia
and China.

   Spanish anarchy was my example in Bulletin #3 only because I've studied
it. Pre-Marxian European movements seem to have combined the same
forces. Not content simply to overturn capital and State, the Parisians
ousted God and enshrined instead Reason, Liberty and Justice. (Our Statue
of Liberty is a saint of this tradition.)

   Bakunin opined defiant Lucifer more fit for worship than dictorial
Jehovah.

   Proudhon's provincialism was quaintly exceptional and did not enjoy the
popularity of his economic theories.

   Even Marxism was at first culturally liberative, though Bakunin detected
Prussianism in its political methods.

   In America, Emma Goldman outspokenly advocated rational values,
including Free Love.

   Wilhelm Reich's career is symptomatic of the fragility of the link
between bourgeois rationalism and proletarianism -- and it shows the
incompatibility of even the most rational radicalism with reactionary free
thought. About a year after being purged by Stalin he was kicked out of the
European Psychoanalytic Association. Why? Probably for writing The Mass
Psychology of Fascism.

   At that time Reich was perhaps at the peak of his intellectual powers.
Ample evidence indicates his subsequent "paranoia" issued from the
stresses of rejection and persecution by Stalinist left and Freudian right
alike.

   Sex-Pol, his anthologized essays of that period, is a book that brilliantly
indicts bourgeois sexual puritanism for the neurologically crippling,
alienating, enslaving rip-off that it is.



1986                              BULLETIN #5                       HO CHI ZEN



KULCHA

c 1986 Kerry W. Thornley
Available Exclusively from:
Illumi-Net Computer Bulletin Board System
(404) 377-1141

