



                               #13 - 1986



"Freud had insisted that all civilization was built on repression, but
American society in the fortys and fifties was far more repressive than
the common good required. Freud had made a similar point about the late
Victorians, but, as Herbert Marcuse was fond of pointing out, advanced
industrial society had perfected methods of manipulation and control --
what Marcuse called 'surplus-repression'-- undreamt of by our straitlaced
grandfathers. Marcuse's favorite example was the mass media, especially
the electronic media, which had been honed by the Nazis into a unique
instrument of propaganda and totalitarian domination, and which
(according to Marcuse) served as a subtle weapon of conformity even in the
democratic countries, making a hollow shell of our formal liberties and
representative institutions." (from THE GATES OF EDEN by Morris
Dickstein, pp. 67-8)



ADVENTURES OF AN ANARCHO*SURREAL VANDAL:  Every surrealist work is
a Rorschach. The creative projection with which an ambiguous work of art
is perceived is material with which you could survey and probe the popular
psyche -- if you want to find out what others are thinking. If you don't
care what others think and do not think, then you are probably nearing
enlightenment and may wish to perform miracles instead of art -- making
sure not to compromise your vandalistic standing. Let's take the example
of a SubGenius miracle that illustrates a rule beginners should keep in
mind, to wit: a half-assed miracle is better than no miracle at all.

   I learned this as a rainmaker in 1978 in California, when four years of
drought ended in a flash flood that sewpt corpses out of the Tujunga
hillside cemetery. Now this was not exactly a resurrection of the dead. We
got them out of their graves, all right. But we didn't know how to bring
them back to life. So we settled for a few grizzly, rotting corpses in
people's yards and in the streets. To anyone raised in the millenial and
messianic expectation of Judeo-Christianity this stunt must have looked
pretty cheap.

   Maybe they even thought it was in poor taste, for that was the opinion
expressed by Krupp Komics.

   It is like Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst said, though: "Everywhere you got
people who gripe. I say to hell with them."

   Subgenius miracles are like olives. You have to develop a taste for them.

 Rev. J. Sump,
 Minister of the
 Miraculous



               KULTCHA            Revolutionary Surrealist Vandal Party

                                  (R.S.V.P.) "A mighty farce for revolution."



THE ABOVE RAIN seemed then to prove techniques in L.T. Culling's SEX
MAGICK. That you could believe. I'm told it was in fact a Jesuit trick*
imitating a CIA-KGB weather control conspiracy. That you won't believe.
Blindness is slavery. PIX AT LEFT: Sabatabby, graffiti mascot of Industrial
Workers of the World vandals.

     R.                 S.                   V.                     P.



*Or, if not Jesuit, somebody else -- a conspiracy, though.

