   In 1976 I began getting letters from a man I hoped was a
charming crank about "why we Fascists assassinated Kennedy."
How I got on Coman-Ra's mailing list in the first place some
years earlier was a mystery to me. Since 1970, though, Greg
Hill and I both had been receiving from him everything from
advice about how to grow organic sprouts to racist newspapers
published by White Christians who were armed and quite danger-
ous. In reply to one of my memos about Kirstein that had fall-
en into his hands indirectly, he wrote me to say that the trag-
edy in Dallas was plotted by the Secret Order of Thule in such
a way as to assure that no cover-up could remain convincing
forever. Motive: to make the American public paranoid about
their government and mass media. For paranoia, he told me, is
a big step in the direction of mental health.
   People who become paranoid, Coman-Ra wrote, will not rest
until they discover every last shred of truth. Among the de-
vices used to encourage awareness of conspiracy were the man
crude Oswald impersonations that occurred just previous to the
assassination. Puzzled for more than a decade about exactly
that mystery, I had to admit this was the first credible hypo-
thesis to explain it without making the assassins look like
idiots. And had they been less than geniuses, there'd have
been no cover-up at all.
   Coman-Ra further informed me that the conspiracy was con-
structed in concentric circles, like Chinese boxes, with des-
cending levels, so that only the "man at the center" under-
stood afterwards exactly what had happened. Of course, I could
not ignore the possibility that man might have been the person
I call Brother-in-law.
   What brought the many loose ends in the John Kennedy murder
mystery together for me was this realization that it was a max-
imum complicity crime. Various factions must have been deliber-
ately implicated on a blind-alliance basis, so that once the
event occurred, every group of conspirators was startled at ev-
idence of participation by someone besides themselves.
   Like Brother-in-law, Coman-Ran seemed morbidly fascinated
with Hitler and Nazi Germany. Both men mentioned in particular
little-known aspects of the Third Reich -- such as the secret
pagan rituals of the SS and the occult beliefs of Hitler's co-
horts. Both repeated a rumor that Nazi rocket scientists dis-
covered energy secrets the oil companies were repressing to this
day. And whether either or both were living some kind of macabre
hoax or were absolutely fanatical was impossible to decide, since
neither man was without humor. For instance, Coman-Ra always
signed off with: "Love is Alive and Well."
   As might be anticipated, it struck me that perhaps Coman-Ra
and Gary Kirstein were the same person, so in 1977 I dropped in
on Coman-Ra unexpectedly at his address in Sacramento, California.
Not only was he not the same man I had conversed with in New Or-
leans, but it was plain that the spine-chilling ranting in his
letters was just a big put-on. That isn't to say his information
about the assassination could not have been valid. A warm, in-
telligent human being obviously unsympathetic to Fascism, he
nevertheless semmed quite versed in secret society politics.
   "I come on all hairy like that in my letters," he told me,
"to scare off government agents."
                                        Dedicated to Dylan
                 #28-1986             Thomas - Whoever HE Was
                                             KULTCHA
                                    Organ of the Revolutionary
                                  Surrealist Vandal Party (RSVP)
Forget about Jesus! Think about
the Georgia Bureau of Investigation
and the Solar Lodge of the O.T.O.
instead. They're closer to home and
almost as dangerous.
