#24-1986

DEDICATED TO DYLAN
THOMAS - WHOEVER =HE= WAS

K U L T C H A

   "To wit: effective communication is only possible be-
tween equals; one brain is hardly sufficient to govern one
life, much less thousands or millions of lives; all rewards
and punishments teach is how to reward and punish...."
           -- Kerry Wendell Thornley, "Radical Sociology"
                                                THE SPARK
   Above is an explication of the SNAFU Principle and its
Corolaries. No statist understands these truths, which ex-
plain why "bureaucracy" is synonymouswith red tape, why to
call someone a "bureacrat" is to call them incompetent and
why there never has been, is not now and never will be any
such thing as an efficient bureaucracy.
   Whenever a government tries to streamline its bureau-
cracies -- by selecting only bureaucrats who are ideological-
ly loyal and punishing gross incompetence (such as signing
important papers without first reading them) -- it sooner or
later begins to realize that matters are not improving and
may, because of the stress of the reform drive, even be get-
ting worse.
   When that happens, they decide that someone is sabotaging
them.  When it happened to the Russian Stalinists, they de-
cided the Trotskyists were to blame -- hence there were pur-
ges. When it happend to the German nationalists, they de-
cided the Jews were to blame -- hence there was Hitler. When
it happend to the American patriots, they decided the Com-
munists were to blame -- hence there was and is McCarthyism.
When it happened to the October League/Revolutionary Commun-
ist Party, they decided gay people were to blame -- hence
Bob Avakian promises that after the revolution "education
will be conducted throughout society on the ideology behind
homosexuality and its material roots in exploiting society,
and struggle will be waged to eliminate it and reform homo-
sexuals."
   Expect to hear about The Protocols of the Elders of Fire
Island any day.
                                     "What happened then, it seems, is
                                     that the witch craze produced a
                                     hysteria that created precisely
                                     what it was trying to destroy."
MISTAKEN IDENTITY                      -- Colin Wilson, THE OCCULT

Will the real Theodore Hodge come forth and face the music?
