The panda, chosen as the World Wildlife         Dedicated to Dylan
Fund emblem over 20 years ago, has be-        Thomas - Whoever HE Was
come the symbol of endangered species               KULTCHA
everwhere.

#26-1986         UNEARTH THE LOST KNOWLEDGE!

               REAL ESTATE TERMINOLOGY REVIEW

   "In theory all land belonged to the king, who gave it to
his vassals in return for service. They gave lands to still
lesser vassals, who might parcel it out still further. The
king had the right to take back any land from any of his
vassals and give it to another, and we can see from bronze
inscriptions and fromthe literature that he sometimes did
this in the early days when he was powerful. But just as in
medieval Europe, the powerful vassals soon ceased to look
upon their title as provisional. At first, when such a noble
died it was considered necessary for the king to appoint his
heir to succeed him, and to give his estates to the heir, but
this soon degenerated into a mere form, if it was maintained
at all. In practice the vassal looked upon his territory as
his by inherited right, and it was necessary to wage war to
displace him. As lesser vassals grew in power, and possessed
private armies, the same situation grew up all along the
line, so that if land changed hands it ordinarily did so
either as a result of sale or exchange, or with the accom-
paniment of violence.
   "Each individual who held land as a fief from a superior
was commonly expected to turn over to that superior a por-
tion of the revenues which he received from it as tribute.
At the lower end of the scale was the aristocrat who, as a
sort of gentleman farmer, supervised directly the work of
agriculture. This supervision was delegated to the chief
among his household servants, and the actual field labour
was done by peasants, serfs, or slaves." (pp. 310-11)
   "This period in Chinese history is most nearly compar-
ableto the feudal age in Europe, which came something more
than fifteen hundred years later." (p. 320)
   -- Herrlee Glessner Creel, THE BIRTH OF CHINA (Ungar, 1937)

   "The centuries in which the LAO TZU was produced were cer-
tainly turbulent times. China was divided into a number of
states, to all intents and purposes autonomous, constantly
engaged in wars of increasing scope and ferocity with one
another. For the common man survival was a real and pressing
problem."
   -- D. C. Lau, LAO TZU: TAO TE CHING (Penguin, 1963)

   "The World Wildlife Fund is mobilizing the fascist forces
to turn its nightmare of barbaric depopulation into reality."
   -- Club of Life, INTERNATIONAL BANKERS' REAL AGENDA, 1983

   Notwithstanding both revolutionary and libertarian rhetoric
or, at least, nearly always one or the other, there is very
much evidence that today's so-called revolutionaries are in
most cases simply neo-monarchistic statists while the so-call-
ed libertarians are usually just corporate feudalists.

   "This monopoly consists in the enforcement by government
of land titles which do not rest upon personal occupancy and
cultivation. It was obvious to Warren and Proudhon that, as
soon as individuals should no longer be protected by their
fellows in anything but personal occupancy and cultivation
of land, ground-rent would disappear, and so usury would have
one less leg to stand on."  -- Benjamin Tucker
                            "State Socialism and Anarchism"

BEWARE                The SPACE BANKERS          Permanent
THE FALSE                 See YOU                Universal
PROPHETS                                        Rent Strike
