



                            #14-1986



Q.  Who are these Nazis you're always ranting and raving about?

A.  Brother-in-law claimed that when WWII ended I.G. Farben and/or Krupp
financed secret societies that infiltrated the governments of both the U.S.
and U.S.S.R., determined, I guess, to keep Russia and Amierica from ever
ganging up on Germany again. During the Hitler-Stalin Pact, as he also
often reminded me, there were alot of individuals like Molotov who
couldn't make up their minds whether to be Nazis or Communists. (I've
heard since that survivors of that era say there was about as much
difference between one side and the other as between McDonalds and
Burger King.) In METAPOLITICS:  ROOTS OF THE NAZI MIND there is an
excerpt from an actual memo of Hitler's instructing that Bolshevicks be
admitted to the Nazi Party without the usual screening! In THE YANKEE AND
THE COWBOY WAR is described how Nazi Intelligence Chief, General Gehlen,
came over to the CIA when the war ended without so much as a reduction
of rank.

   "In the fourth week of May, soon after his arrest, Karl Wolff had spoken
confidentially to two of his SS subordinates.... 'We'll get our Reich back
again,' the Obergruppenfuhrer assured them," says POERATION SUNRISE
(p191) of OSSSS negotiations.  When the Sunrise "seperate peace" treaty
fell through, because Kim Philby sabotaged it, the CIA and SS and Catholic
Church, through whom they often communicated, seem to have gone ahead
with a secret society to attain its ends.

   There is also a secret Nazi organization founded by one of Hitler's
friends called the Vril Society which teaches that the Germans, being"the
most intelligent race," forces to rule the world. In addition, there are
Tibetan secret societies that maintain wartime ties between German
Nazis and Japanese.

   There were also some German rocket scientists who realized that Hitler
was losing the war in the last days and who therefore made contingency
plans involving ties with Soviet intelligence. When the war ended some
were captured by the Russians while others fell into the hands of the U.S.
and wound up in the Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama. When
Birchers cite evidence of a CIA-KBG conspiracy they may be talking about
a working alliance that resulted from comparing notes about what their
respective German scientists were engaged in -- namely, free energy
sources, mind control and flying saucers. Lee Oswald may have brought
Marina Oswald to this country as a volunteered hostage in an information
pool between the CIA and KBA about these projects, particularly mind
control. Marina's uncle was a colonel in the Soviet GRU.

   These Nazis are so powerful that there is starvation nearly everywhere
in Asia except China and Japan, in Africa also, and among Latin Americans
without pure Spanish blood. Nor is there massive hunger in any Caucasion
nation. People are so brainwashed they think this is coincidence, when
they think about it at all.                   --Kerry Wendell Thornley





                                            KULTCHA
c 1986 Kerry W. Thornley
 Available from:
 ILLUMI-NET
 (404) 377-1141




















