
Bulletin #3

KULTCHA



GOULDISM; The Significance of Stressing the Insignificant



 It was 19th-Century railroad capitalist Jay Gould who said the way to
cure unemployment would be to hire one half of the jobless to kill the
other half.

   Writing about the Spanish anarchist movement, Bookchin notes two
principal factions, both inspired by the atheist anarchism of Bakunin.
There were the radical bourgeois -- very literate persons of middle-class
background who were anti-clerical and critical of traditional sexual
mores. There were also proletarian anarchists who opposed the Church and
endorsed Free Love, but whose main targets were capitalism and
government.

   As much has usually been true of radicalism in general. without the
disaffected bourgeois intelligencia there is a trend toward
range-of-the-moment pragmatism bereft of theory and explicit rational
values. Success is brief, followed by a loss of momentum. Yet, of course,
without the proletariat there is no getting off the drawing boards.

   Between these necessry components of any progress is the weak link of
differing attitudes toward religion and lifestyle extensions of faith or
unbelief.

   Making anti-clerical libertinism their mainstay, the radical bourgeois
found a great deal in common with Social Darwinist reactionaries who in
many instances were also atheists and libertines. Yet such matters were
so unimportant to the working class Spanish anarchists that, even in
refusing Church-sanctioned marriage, they tended tro practice strict
lifelong monogamy. Bookchin describes them -- the goal being to attract
the conventional masses. As a result they recruited large numbers of very
conformikstic people who remained that way in spite of convertin
gintellectually to the principles of free organization.

   Thus the stage was -- inadvertently and with the best of intentions --
set for dividing the movement. This was in fact done and still is done
simply by emphasizing lifestyle -- a cultural matter of minor political
significance -- at the expense of all else.



   That strategy of Gouldism has been refined over the years so that today
most revolutionists argue only with each other -- about culture.



   "The  native intellectual nevertheless sooner or later will realize that
you do not show proof of your nation from its culture but that you
substantiate its existence in the fight which the poeople wage against the
forces of occupation."

                                                            -- Franz Fanon



1986                                                         HO CHI ZEN

c 1986 Kerry W. Thornley
Available Exclusively From:
Illumi-Net Computer Bulletin Board System
(404) 377-1141

