
[Dungeon Master Bad Kracks]
[Source: The Deathstar]


>Numb< 74 of 75
>Subj< Dungeon Master...
>From< Warrior
>Date< February 12, 1989 at 12:48 pm

    To clear up some of the confusion, here goes.

    Club 96 and everyone else:

    1.  Joe Hack did not Steal Blue Adept's crack.

        This is the story... The Mercenary (Me), Cy Surflex, Blue Adept, and
Joe Hack were on conference talking about the crack for Dungeon Master.  Blue
Adept freely gave Joe Hack the location to the save game routines, hoping that
Hack could shed some insight onto the problem.

        Well, Hack, not Hacker Joe, as Static Vengance puts it, tried to fufill
an 8 bit checksum, it almost worked, then Blue Adept catching on, asked him
what he did.  Hack explained this to him, quickly Blue tried to fufill a 16 bit
checksum, as did Joe Hack.  Blue got his working soon after.  Hack got his done
a little later.

        As you can see, without each other, there would only be one bad release
of Dungeon Master.  As it stands now, I believe all three are bad.  Hack is
re-working some of the code to find the problem.  Alan claims his works, but it
was a bad transfer.  Club 96 also claims to have a good crack, which I am not
sure about.

        The DreamWorld Society release also will get an Dungeon Master fatal
error $003C...
It takes a while though, the save game routine does work, though.

       And for those who don't believe me, The DreamWorld Society release was
the first, it was release about 6 hrs before USA's and about 9 hrs before Club
96's...  check Castle Gs, which is the first place Hack u/led it too, then call
Lexicon Exchange, which was the first place Blue Adept u/led it too, and Club
96 already said they u/led it to this board ath 11:45 am.... incidentally, ours
went about around 2am the same morning, and Blue's around 8....  The only
reason we didn't u/l'ed it here first is we Hack doesn't have an account here
yet.

      If you our interested in the DWS release, it was packed with DigiPack,
and all you have to do is look around...

later

The Mercenary

On Warrior's Account

DreamWorld Society

