
[Ripping on Blue Adept]
[Source: The Deathstar]


>Numb< 74 of 75
>Subj< Hmm..
>From< The Crasher
>Date< November 28, 1988 at 4:21 pm

well, here's the story with Alan...Static...I'm behind you 100% (good friends
with Aaron/Over Byte). Anyhow, Alan's on this c00l d00d line, called Magnetic
PAge 12/24 over in 301. Remember when he said everyone from 301 was a l0ze?
Hmm..well, on this board he rags heavily on CtC, saying we're double-releasers,
and how lame we are, and how c00l he is, cause he spends a lot of time doing
those ANIMATED (yes, in caps) rag pages..he says he puts a lot of work into it.
Hmm, the GnU-moedumbers on there think he programs the pages, and it finally
took the sysop, Pook to say it was done with a simple Krackerjacks' autograph.
Hmm, then sinec I'm not on there, he rags all the more, even after I sent him a
post via a friend who's on there, tellnig him to cut the shit, and I tried to
explain to him, that double-releases could be avoided if everyone put the Ware
up on DeathStar first, and that would be considered "whether or not you have it
out or not". All I get back from him is "Roman's just got cold feet, cause he's
a loser, and no, I'm not stopping ragging, cause you're scared" (or something
to that effect). Hmm. Well he's really got me nailed. I'm a real SADDLE-FACE.
haha. Hmm.. I don't like all this ragging bullshit, but at some point, it stops
being fun, and starts being a nuisance. He thinks he's allmighty kracker g0d,
(when the only g0d-like krackist is Ralph of course, hehe). I've had enough of
bullshit, as for Corruption, he or Hose u/l'ed it here, but since Bob posted it
was bad and deleted it, I just u/l'ed it...big fucking deal.

As for Ancient War At Sea...hmm, don't know..I know it's not a bad crack, cause
I've been playing it for ages. It's a really nice game. Now who wants to type
up the long-ass docs?

Between CtC/FC/Club96, I hope Alan "donkey-dick" doesn't put out another ware.
I'm sick of his constant bickering shit. Let him have his groupie boards, I
don't care.

TC/Roman

>Numb< 74 of 75
>Subj< sadness
>From< Blue Adept
>Date< November 29, 1988 at 4:43 am

static VeNgEnCe.  i don't ever remember anyone calling wanting to join but I do
know that if you were turned down it wasn't because of your K-RaD kracking
abilities...which I doubt even exist.  it was because we don't just let anyone
who comes along just join up.  and you think you can crack better then ME?  so?
do I care?  me and the rest of the group are doing fine as far as being able to
put out most of what we get....so if you think your so great....then great.
don't tell me about, go tell your modem pals.  I could care less.

Roman is still lying I see.  Does anything change?  Roman, tell us where
chessmaster2100 //e is???  you posted everywhere that you guys had it cracked
and out last tuesday.  SO WHERE IS IT???

The fact that this is one of the only boards that we take any heat at all in
makes for a sad situation.  Because all groups seem to be represented here.
And a lot of double releases could be avoided (by ctc) if any of us still
called here on a regular basis.  Its a shame that inmature people like R0man
and static have to further dig their groups already shabby name further into
the ground with lies and acts of sheer stupidity.

And Ralph....you good ole retired pirate you.  You think your gods gift to
piracy.  "...my first fuck up....;0;."  I'd like to remind you of those Zork
Quests you put out over the summer that were BAD CRACKS that you had to put
digi-tracks out for....and I could mention some others in the past.  And WHERE
THE FUCK ARE THE DOX THE WIZ V??????  seems whenever FC puts out a ware we
NEVER see the dox, eh?  - thats what I thought. -

my point seems to be this.  all piracy groups have problems.  and none are
perfect.  all this bullshit on this board is merely pointless struggling to get
another group out of it s7 you can get more of the warez....how lame.  and
continued ragging on warez is going to get you further mired into the ground.
we've already started to get some heat over responding to "CtC's extremely
inmature rag" on AAWAS.  so were going to probably just drop it.  If you guys
want to make this the board to use if it is released then say so and shut your
mouths....otherwise find another board to use as a double-release deterent.

later

>Numb< 75 of 75
>Subj< ....
>From< The Necromancer
>Date< November 29, 1988 at 4:56 am


Fuck off alan, i never put out any digi-tracks for any where, get reel, come up
with some real true shit, besides your made up bullshit. bad cracks, hah, thats
a joke. And who ever said i was retired, i said i had other things to do first,
are you fucking dense or what.  At least not every other pirate group out
thinks im a luzer.
