
>Numb< 74 of 75
>Subj< Wow!
>From< The Vassal
>Date< June 25, 1989 at 8:42 pm

   Ok I know I am jumping in this kind of late but I have to say something.  I
was in USAlliance for a while and I supplied Alan with wares.  The thing is I
think he might have given his wares to Transmigrator to crack.  Like I am
friends with Alan (the correct spelling Ralph, hehe) but I just thing that he
is a psuedo cracker.  Like I think he can crack but I think he gives himself a
little more (actually ALOT MORE) credit than he is supposed to.  In a ny event
when I left USAlliance to form Crack-Squad we left on an even keel, no one was
mad at anyone and we went on our own separate ways.

   When I recieved Deja Vu II (unexpectedly!) I remembered that when we put out
Uninvited, Shadowgate, and Deja Vu that Alex, Transmigrator, wrote a special
booter for the non-prodos wares from ICOM.  So rather than rewriting my own we
(Crack-Squad) co-released the ware with USAlliance.  While talking with Alex he
told me a lot of stuff about Alan.  The first that Alan asked Alex to write a
booter for USA that can incorporate Digitzed sound and SHR fades and such, so
Alex wrote a demo for Alan.  Since I have talked to Alan he told me he wa
working on a booter that does the same thing.  Pretty funny, it turns out it
was the same one and he just put his name in A's.. Pretty wierd..

    Alex also declared that Blue Adept (the correct spelling Ralph, hehe)
doesn't really do the wares by himself, and that Alex helps him and he (Alan)
puts his name in bolder print and takes the credit.. To make a long story
short.. I thing Alan was lying to me the whole time.  I mean he can crack and
all but not as often and as good as he claims..

    I still have nothing against him or anything because I am no expert
cracker, I mean I can do the easy stuff but hey.. I don't go around cracking
things with other people and give myself all the credit.. No way.. I just
thought you may all want to know this info.. Later..

                                          The Vassal/Mark/CS

