
THIS IS NOT AN AD!!!

This is a short review of the Game Boxer and Super Wild Card.  I have both
to play with for a while and  want to clear mis-conception about these new
copiers.  One main thing I want to point out: they work as well as claimed, 
so if you end up getting one, you won't be stuck with a piece of junk like
some people want you to believe.

<<<<< SENTRY of THUNDERDOME >>>>>

GAME BOXER:

Very slim design with a new slimdrive.  This unit is made by Makko Toys, 
also know by the name "Doctor SF" in Hong Kong. It still requires an
external power adapter.  

Features: instant save, multiple game load/play, play P.A.L. games, reads
SWC/SMC and MGD2 formats, slow motion, Game Finger.

Good points: all the features work great.  The games stay in memory even
when the SNES is turned off.  I could load 4 8meg games and select one to 
play, then turn the Boxer off/on and select another one. 
Slow motion cuts the CPU speed in half but increases flickers  (for those 
who haven't had enough of SNES' slowdowns and flickers, ok so this is not 
a good point).  Instant save requires 8meg free so only 3 games can be loaded
in this mode.  Memory upgrade is a simple snap-in in a little window on the
bottom of the Boxer.  I had mine upgraded to 32M.  The PAL chip a socketted
so replacement is also easy.  The onscreen menu is graphic and easy to use.
The cartridge slot fits American and Japanese carts.

Bad points: the memory is partitioned into 8M each to allow the multiple
game and instant save features.  If a game is larger than 8M it has to be 
splitted into 2 files and load separately into each partition.  8M games
with extra LAME intros are a pain in the ass for this system.  The screen 
flickers real bad (as mentioned above) in slow-mo, much like the old Amiga
interlace mode.  NO PC LINK.  

I'm buying this one for the extra features it offers (except slo-mo!)

SWC

The next generation of Super Magicom is as good as the last (that's not 
saying much, is it?).  This unit is well built, with built-in disk drive.
The location of the drive is weird: it faces to the left so right handed
people may not be all that comfy.  But if you have a PC, this unit is the
one to get.  It draws power from the SNES.  Don't worry, it won't blow it
up.  Why is it that when a new copier comes out, some idiot always spread
the "blow up" "burn up" rumors.  I had it on for 2 hours on a 9V 850mA 
powered Super Famicom, and it worked fine.  There's no need to plug in
a cart anymore so it looks flatter now.  You still need an adapter to plug
in an American cart.

The SWC has a crude but functional 3 icon menu.  Extra features include
Game Finger and playing PAL games.  Let me remind you again that PAL games
does NOT mean games for European TV, it means Programmable Logic Array, the
protection chip that Nintendo put in Ranma II cart.  The SWC read SMC format
and FIG files with minor header change (a few bytes).  What more can I say
about this copier?  If you have a SMC, then you know what it can do.

COSTS: Both Boxer and SWC should go for about the same price under $300 
       from any US dealer for a 16M unit.  Don't be overcharged.

If you have any further questions, contact SENTRY at Thunderdome.
I'm also going to get my hands on a Fighter next week and will HONESTLY
review that too.  
