Bubsy
Smart-Aleck Bobcat Bounces Again!

The cat with the chat is back. A catchy new catastrophe 
is about to befall Mr. Purrsonality (better known around 
these climes as Mr. Mouth). Bubsy II from Accolade puts 
the famous-in-his-own-mind furball in a one- or two-
player battle against a swine named Oinker P. Hamm and 
his henchhogs. You'll marvel (or at least swoon) at the 
number of new things Bubsy can do in this cataclysmic 
Adventure. You can cat-apault through any of the worlds 
(in any order), get catatonic over bunches of new usable 
items, play through a game catacombed with funny new 
subgames, and best of all, cat-fight a capitalist boar 
with your favorite cat-o'-nine-lives.

Publisher: Accolade

Players: 1 or 2

Controller: 3-Button

Rating: Not Yet Rated



High-Tech Hairball Hijinks

Oinker P. Hamm has hijacked Dr. V. Reality's WOMPUM (a 
mouthfull of an acronym for a machine that steals 
history) and built his own indoor amusement park. The pig 
calls it the Amazatorium and, as you might imagine, he's 
in hog heaven charging folks to see what was rightfully 
theirs to begin with. Our fearless (or was that 
peerless?) hairball takes his niece and nephew, the Bubsy 
Twins (Terri and Terry) to see the park, and with typical 
Bubsy timing, he's a day early and a marble short. The 
twins take it upon themselves to hightail it into the 
park while Uncle Bubsy's not paying attention (this guy 
has the attention span of a houseplant). Now our fur-
brained friend has to sneak in to the park and find them. 

Bodacious Bunches of Bubsy 

Bubsy II offers more types of play than a deck of cards. 
(Note: The previous line was a blatant exaggeration and 
we don't know how it snuck in.)The Amazatorium has three 
floors and two wings East and West. Each Tour increases 
in challenge, starting with the First Floor Tour, then up 
to the Second and Third Floor Tours, with the largest and 
most difficult being the Grand Tour. 

But wait - they didn't stop there (oh, no). You can 
choose to go it alone or bring a friend along. Two 
players can select Friendly or Feisty mode. The game play 
is normal turn taking, with a major twist. In Friendly, 
while waiting for your turn with Bubsy, you lob bananas 
at enemies and collect stuff for your pal. In Feisty, you 
toss bananas in Bubsy's path and steal his goodies before 
he gets ’em. Got it? Not enough? One- or two-player Mini 
Games let you play all three subgames - Frogapult, 
Armadillo Drop, and Liquid Lunacy. 

Teaching an Old Cat New Tricks

Every game gives you bunches of new items to collect. You 
can now leave a level and come back as often as you want 
by using the Portable Hole. You get a Diving Suit to 
brave water hazards. A new Smart Bomb takes out all the 
enemies onscreen and turns ’em into marbles (also stuns 
the Twin in Feisty mode). Now you can blast your enemies 
with a Ballzooka and collect tons of additional things on 
your travels, including a health Patch-Up (Bubsy no 
longer uses up a life when he gets hit a single time, you 
get three hits). There're lots of new things to do and 
lots of new ways to play.


Hot Hints

All the switches in Egypt look like a lion's head.

Look Up and Down before leaping.

Sell your stuff to get bunches of lives at the Gift Shop 
(at the completion of each level).

You can revisit levels to collect lives before hitting 
the Boss Doors.

Follow the arrows, but note that they get fewer and 
farther between as you move up the floors.

The East wing Grand Tour is slightly harder than the West 
wing version.

