
 Nintendo(R)  N E W S   R E L E A S E 
  
  
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE            CONTACT: 
                                  Lynn Hvalsoe\Nintendo of America Inc. 
                                  (206) 861-2096 
  
                                  James Bikoff\Arter & Hadden 
                                  (202) 775-7100 
  
  
NINTENDO JOINS IN SEIZURE AGAINST ILLEGAL BULLETIN BOARD SOFTWARE 
  
     REDMOND, WA -- As part of a continuing and aggressive effort to 
halt counterfeiting of video games and business software, Nintends of 
America Inc. and six major software manufactures filed an action 
against distributors of computer "bulletin board" network system giving 
software access to users. 
  
     Illegal software was seized by authorities from APL, an electronic 
bulletin board computer system (BBS) headquartered in Baltimore, MD. 
  
     "Counterfeiting and illegal use of video games and business 
software has grown immensely over the past few years.  We have and will 
continue to prosecute those who've become part of the underground 
counterfeiting network," said Lynn Hvalsoe, Nintendo's General Counsel. 
  
     The legal action outlines that illegal software was accessed 
through opperators who provide personal computers a code to enter the 
system via telephone and modem.  Illegal bulletin boards have become a 
popular trend, with an estimated 5,000 systems in the United States. 
Illegal bulletin boards also have been found in Europe and Asia. 
  
     This case represents the first time video game and business 
software companies have joind together to fight software pirating.  The 
business software companies, represented in this case through the 
Business Software Associatiom (BSA), includes Aldus, Autodesk, Lotus 
Development, Microsoft. Novel and WordPerfect.  All companies, 
including Nintendo, are individual plaintiffs in the legal action. 
  
     The action is part of Nintendo's large anti-counterfeiting 
campain, much of which is aimed at illegal video games being 
manufactured, sold and shipped from Taiwan, Hong Kong, and other 
countries. 
  
     "Counterfeiting is a very serious crime and Nintendo is working 
hard to let violaters know they will be pursued and charges will be 
brought against them," added Hvalsoe.  Hvalsoe pointed to success this 
year in the signing of Federal legislation (S893) which elevates 
copyright infringement, such as that engaged in by bulletin board 
operators, to a felony with penalties upto $250,00/and up to five years 
in prison. 
  
     Nintendo of America Inc. is bassed in Redmond, Washington and is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Nintendo Co. Ltd., the worlds largest 
manufacturer and marketer of video games. 
  
                                 ######## 
  
                         Nintendo of America Inc. 
                          4820 150th Avenue N.E. 
                          Redmond, WA 98052-5111 
  
  Telephone (206) 882-2040 * Telex 152933 * Telecopier (206) 882-3585 
