
                        A Vacation Adventure

   My wife and I  spent our last vacation  in Jamaica and it  really turned
   out well, so well in  fact that I would like  to share it with you.   In
   order to set  the stage I  should explain that  we were going  to an all
   inclusive club type of resort for 7 days.  This club provides a  private
   and exclusive  environment for  couples only.   The atmosphere  and food
   were only complimented by the other amenities such as masseuse, hot tub,
   jacuzzi, and any type of  water activity you could desire.   In addition
   it featured a nude beach and that's where our vacation really began.  As
   is the  custom we  had made  several friends  on the  ride out  from the
   airport and shared their company at dinner the first night.  There  were
   three couples at our table my wife who at 32 is in good shape with  long
   slender legs a nice set of tits that love to be sucked and a pussy  that
   just won't quit.  She's about 5'10" tall and likes just about any action
   she can get but never had shown  an interest in other women.  I am  tall
   and blond in good shape and have a never tiring 10 inch cock.  The other
   couples were Linda and her husband  Pete, Linda is about 5' 6"  with jet
   black hair a medium  frame carrying 35" tits  above a slender waist  and
   36" hips.   Linda turned  out to  be the  instigator of  all the fun and
   likes both men and women.  Pete on the other hand is 5' 9" handsome  and
   well proportion and  while not as  randy as I  his 8" cock  got a pretty
   good workout during  our stay.  The  other couples names  were Nancy and
   Sam they were younger than the  rest and Nancy was the obvious  knockout
   of the group with her 36" tits, 24" waist and 35" hips all looking ready
   for action on her 5' 9" frame.  Sam although younger than Pete and I was
   already showing a  bit of weight  around the middle  a condition that  I
   suspect made him reluctant at first to join us on the nude beach but  he
   did have a fat 9 incher that pleased all the girls.

   But before I get ahead of  myself I should explain how we  three couples
   came  to  be  loving  couples.   It  all  started  the second day when I
   suggested to my wife we go  sun ourselves on the nude beach.   Linda and
   Pete had not yet joined us on the beach and my wife suggested we include
   them in our plans.   After waiting for about  10 minutes Linda and  Pete
   came down and I  knew my first impression  of Linda was correct  she was
   wearing a skimpy bikini  and had a fresh  fucked look on her  face as it
   turned out I was  right and it was  the reason they were  late.  As they
   approached I told  them of our  tanning plans and  they said they  would
   love to join us.  What was going thru my mind was the thought of joining
   my cock to Linda ten different ways.  By the look of lust in Pete's eyes
   I  could  tell  he  was  having  similar  plans for my wife Mary and the
   thought of watching them screw  themselves silly turned me on  more.  We
   all headed for the nude beach with visions of what the others would look
   like when all was revealed.  As we were the first people on the beach we
   had our choice of  territory and selected a  spot with a mixture  of sun
   and shade.  I quickly stripped off my t shirt and swim trunks  revealing
   my half hard  dick.  Linda's gaze  was fixed on  my cock from  the first
   minute and her appreciation of it only caused it to swell more.  Looking
   around I  placed myself  on a  chaise lounge  facing the  others as they
   began to strip down.  Pete was next and as he only had on his swim  suit
   he too soon  was sporting his  half hard prick  for the ladies  to drool
   over.  In fact I saw Mary stare directly at his crotch and lick her lips
   with desire.  Pete and I both asked the girls when they intended to  get
   naked laughing a  bit Linda reached  back pulled down  her bikini bottom
   exposing  her  nicely  shaved  cunt.   I  stared  directly at her as she
   unhooked her top and showed me her firm full tits with 3/4" pink nipples
   that were hard as a rock.  I must admit seeing her this way made me want
   to jump her and fuck her till  sunset.  She had a full lush pussy  which
   was neatly shaved showing  off her full pink  cunt lips with a  generous
   amount of hair on her mound.   The most telling sign of her  desires was
   the moistness of her cunt which glistened with pussy juice in the  early
   sunlight.  I had spread my legs wide giving her a good view of my nearly
   erect dick which  was now lying  on the lounge  between my legs.   Linda
   turned giving us a great  look at her firm ass  as she bent down to  put
   her suit into their beach bag.   As she crouched over her cheeks  spread
   giving Mary and I a great view of her pink puckered anus and the  bottom
   of those full  pussy lips.  Getting  things put away  Linda pulled up  a
   chaise lounge directly opposite me and laid back spreading her legs with
   her knees bent giving  me and Mary a  full open view of  her sweet slit.
   To add to  our lust Linda  reached down brushing  her erect nipples  and
   rubbing her cunt opening the outer lips allowing us to look into her wet
   pink hole.   After Linda  had gotten  comfortable Mary  started to strip
   down first showing her  full ripe tits with  her hard inch long  nipples
   which were an obvious sign that she  too was more than a bit turned  on.
   I saw a sly smile appear on  Pete's face as he gazed at Mary's  tits and
   erect nipples glancing over at Linda  I saw too that she was  looking at
   Mary with more than a sisterly  interest.  My mind raced at the  thought
   of what this my  lead to if we  could only get the  mood right.  Pulling
   her tank suit  down to her  knees Mary gave  us all a  great view of her
   shaved pussy which I had just cleaned off with my trusty razor the night
   before.  Pete's hand  went right to  his now turgid  cock and he  gently
   pulled on the head  showing his obvious approval  of what he saw.   I by
   now had ten plans already going on how to bridge the gap from here to  a
   full blown orgy.  Mary continued to  strip giving Pete and Linda a  good
   look at her pussy which had just  a small tuft of black hair left  above
   the start of her slit.  I did notice that Mary was fully aroused as  her
   crimson cunt lips were covered with her slippery juices.  Mary bent over
   to tuck her swimsuit into our beach  bag and gave both Linda and Pete  a
   good show of her firm ass reaching back she pulled her ass cheeks  apart
   so they could view her tight anus and she rubbed the rim of her  asshole
   as though it  was somewhat itchy.   I knew by  this that Mary  desired a
   mutual paring and the pleasure it  would bring as much as I  did.  After
   packing her suit  in the beach-bag  Mary settled into  the chaise lounge
   next to me  with her knees  bent and her  legs splayed wide  open giving
   Linda and Pete a great look directly up her wet cunt hole.  Just to make
   sure she was  attracting the proper  attention Mary gently  squeezed her
   tits and absently  rubbed her pussy  spreading her crimson  cunt lips in
   order to afford our friends a better view.

   Before long  the sun  had begun  to bake  us and  I felt  it was time to
   grease up the important parts before  they got burnt and spoiled what  I
   knew was going to be one hell of a hot time.  Rolling over I got out the
   sun-block and  began to  rub some  on my  half hard  prick making sure I
   covered the head well I glanced up to see Linda, Mary, and Pete watching
   me intently this  plus the feel  of the slippery  lotion on my  cock and
   balls got me fully erect.  Linda was the first to speak commenting on my
   size, I told her 10" was good but a man needed to be skilled in all  the
   methods of love in order to  really fulfill a woman.  This relaxed  Pete
   and made Linda  all the more  interested in what  I knew would  be a gut
   wrenching sexual adventure.  After I was well protected I moved to  Mary
   who had become strangely quiet during Linda and my little banter on size
   and offered to protect her too.   Mary was more than willing and  let me
   rub the lotion completely covering her exposed cunt and then rolled over
   and  asked  me  to  do  the  same  for  her ass.  To say the least I was
   delighted at the  prospect of rubbing  her tight back  door as I  spread
   lotion on the crack of her ass and spread her cheeks working the  lotion
   up and down over her puckered asshole I could sense 4 eyes burning in on
   the site before them.  Looking up I could see Pete and Linda looking  on
   with lust filled anticipation, not  wanting to disappoint them I  pulled
   Mary's legs further  apart and slowly  pushed my probing  fingers up her
   pussy and anus.  This made Mary moan and push back against my hand until
   she too realized  how she was  exposed.  Relaxing I  suggested that Pete
   and Linda made sure they were  protected against the sun and offered  my
   lotion to Linda.  Linda worked quickly spreading the sun-block on Pete's
   cock and balls and in the process bringing on a full erection.  Mary was
   very appreciative of his stiff condition and commented that Linda was  a
   lucky lady  to have  such an  ample mate.   Linda eyeing  my still erect
   prick responded that they were  both lucky.  Once Pete was  well greased
   Linda asked him to  do her, damn that's  what I was thinking  of doing!.
   Laying back with spread legs and giving a great show Linda made  herself
   ready  to  receive  her  protection.   Pete  proceeded to comfort her by
   rubbing the lotion into her hot pussy and then into her puckered asshole
   not forgetting to ram his fingers up her holes as he completed his work.
   At this point we were all worked  up and going nowhere so we all  had to
   settle to lie in the sun and take in the rays.  I watched Linda's  every
   move keeping my level of stimulation at a peak and imagining over and my
   throbbing cock penetrating her body.

   As the morning heated up so did we  and soon I needed to take a swim  in
   order to cool off  from all the sun  and stimulation I had  been getting
   looking and lusting at  Linda.  I suggested the  four of us go  in for a
   swim but Mary and  Pete were reluctant, I  think this was because  going
   into the water would expose them to the whole beach including the people
   in the regular section.  Linda was  all for it and offered to  accompany
   me so  off we  went strolling  down to  the water  I started to get hard
   again thinking about what I might get to do once we were protected  from
   prying eyes by the water.  This plus the site of Linda's firm full  tits
   bouncing  and  swaying  as  we  walked  had  me half hard by the time we
   reached the water.  Linda noticed my condition and commented on how much
   she liked to look at stiff pricks adding that mine was definitely one of
   her favorites.  I returned the compliment telling Linda that she was one
   of my favorites too, and that I hoped we would get a chance to share our
   mutual admiration in a more  private atmosphere.  Linda nodded her  head
   with approval and asked me if Mary was into swinging or was this only  a
   one way deal.  I  told her I thought  Mary could be convinced  and would
   really like it once she got  started.  We floated on the warm  water and
   hatched our plan of  attack as we molested  each other below the  water.
   Before we had left the water I had managed to plant my full 10 inches up
   Linda's fantastic tight cunt while  fingering her anus and playing  with
   those luscious tits.  Our basic plan  was to have Linda discuss her  and
   Pete's experiences with swinging with Mary as both a way of feeling  her
   out and getting her worked up.  All I needed to do was to make sure they
   had some private time to  discuss the possibilities and then  to confirm
   the arrangement with Mary later.  This  was not difficult as Pete and  I
   were signed up to play in a beach volleyball game right after lunch  and
   then we were all going on a shopping tour later in the afternoon.

   When Pete and I returned from the game we could tell all was going  well
   because Linda  and Mary  were lying  naked in  the sun  sharing intimate
   conversation.  As we stripped down I  heard Mary ask Pete to apply  more
   sun-block to her sensitive parts.  I smiled my approval as Pete began to
   spread the lotion on her cunt and ass giving her the full treatment  and
   finishing  up  with  his  fingers  buried  deep  in her cunt and ass.  I
   followed suit and had a fantastic time protecting Linda from the harmful
   rays of the sun.  Now the four of us made our plans for the rest of  the
   day and evening.  After our shopping tour we would meet switch  partners
   for  dinner,  dancing  and  the  rest  of  the  night  meeting again for
   breakfast.   We  left  the  beach  shortly  after  to  get ready for our
   shopping  excursion  once,  we  had  reached  the  elevator and had some
   privacy Mary was all over me rubbing my cock and kissing me once in  our
   room she stripped  down and demanded  I fuck her  which I did  to a fare
   thee well.  Mary admitted  she had wanted to  suggest a swap but  hadn't
   had the courage or the words to do it herself.  She also said Linda  had
   told her about our antics during our swim earlier that day and said  she
   wanted to do Pete that way tomorrow.

   As we had agreed the swap was to begin at dinner and we met outside  the
   restaurant  and  exchanged  wives  giving  our  temporary spouses a kiss
   before proceeding into  dinner.  Needless to  say Sam and  Nancy who had
   been away all day on a fishing  charter were a bit confused at what  was
   going on but said nothing and didn't seem upset by our strange behavior.
   Throughout  the  meal  I  and  Pete  would  run  our hands under our new
   partners  cloths  and  explore  the  new  territory we would get to know
   later.  After a great meal we went to the disco for the show and dancing
   where I  more than  once glimpsed  Pete's hand  stealing up under Mary's
   skirt for a feel of her naked pussy.  I too had my fun feeling up  Linda
   who like Mary had worn nothing  under her cloths.  By this time  Sam had
   tumbled to what was going on and took me aside to ask how I had arranged
   so  much  fun.   I  briefly  shared  the  days  happenings  with him and
   suggested that if he  felt Nancy and he  would like to join  in we could
   work on it the next day.

   Shortly after midnight we decided that  we could stand it no longer  and
   left the disco for  a short walk before  going to our rooms.   It felt a
   little strange saying goodnight to Mary  as she walked off with Pete  to
   his room but  my disquiet was  relieved immediately as  Linda grabbed my
   cock thru my shorts as we walked to the elevator.  Just as I put my  arm
   around her and grabbed her tit two couples passed us they said goodnight
   and never  blinked an  eye at  what they  saw.  Once  the elevator  door
   closed I reached down grabbing the hem of Linda's skirt and pulled it up
   to her waist exposing her delicious twat.  Licking two fingers I  pushed
   them fully up her  hot tight pussy making  her moan with delight.   Once
   inside the room I slowly striped Linda removing her light sweater  first
   and sucking her stiff nipples until  she shook with desire.  Next to  go
   was  her  skirt  showing  me  her  full  lush  pussy  already  wet  with
   anticipation moving  down I  spread those  pink pussy  lips and began to
   tongue and  suck her  sweet slit  and hard  clit in  no time Linda had a
   quaking orgasm covering my face and tongue with her sweet juices.  Linda
   now took charge removing my shirt  and licking and biting my nipples  as
   she rubbed my now rock hard cock.  Linda pulled my shorts down  allowing
   my prick to spring out into her face.  With one deft action Linda forced
   her mouth  down completely  covering my  cock and  started to massage my
   balls.  This proved too much for me and I began to spew my load down her
   silky throat.  Looking a little  dejected Linda pulled her mouth  off my
   cock and noticed it wasn't going  limp, looking up at me I  returned her
   gaze and said that's one.

   I moved our action  to the bed where  I positioned Linda on  her back in
   the same fashion she had been sunning in most of the day.  I told her  I
   had wanted to lick her pussy out this way all day and now I was going to
   get my chance.  The look of lust  in her eyes told me she was  more than
   ready  so  I  pulled  her  legs  further apart further exposing her full
   slippery  pink  cunt  to  my  view  as  I  descended to eat her hot box.
   Planting my  tongue up  her hot  hole I  began slow  up and down strokes
   starting at her clit and ending  at her asshole.  I kept up  this tongue
   action increasing my pace slowly  until Linda screamed out that  she was
   cumming again.  I then forced two fingers up her cunt and a third up her
   now slippery anus and lashed at her stiff clit while pumping my  fingers
   up her holes until  she came again.  Rising  from my work Linda  held my
   head and told  me she hadn't  ever been fucked  like this in  her entire
   life cumming  three times  and I  hadn't yet  probed her  with my  dick.
   Moving up on her I rammed my cock between her full tits pushing the head
   in and out of her sucking mouth  on each stroke this action got me  rock
   hard and ready and I finished off this scene by pumping my prick all the
   way down her tight slippery throat  as she pumped her finger up  my ass.
   Changing position I  pulled her legs  up over my  shoulders and sank  my
   full 10"  up her  gaping cunt.   I could  feel the  walls of  her vagina
   squeezing every inch of my throbbing dick as I pumped in and out of  her
   with long slow strokes.  About 10  minutes of this deep probing was  all
   either of us could  take and Linda came  again crying out squeezing  her
   tits and nipples as  I pumped a mammoth  load of sperm up  her twitching
   pussy.  Even in the air conditioned room we were covered with sweat  and
   needed a moment to rest.  Lying next to each other Linda thanked me  for
   the best  fuck of  her life  and I  replied I  hope we  are just getting
   started.  Linda ran her hand down to her sodden snatch and scooped up my
   cum from between her  legs and began to  lick and eat my  sperm she then
   reversed her position and began to give me head again.  This action  had
   me hard in no time  and I moved her to  a position on all fours  getting
   behind her I lubed my fingers by pounding them up her cunt then pushed 2
   fingers slowly up her anus.  Linda said this was very different for  her
   since Pete only did this for her  once or twice a year.  I continued  my
   work on her asshole and began to rub her clit making her cum once  more.
   Moving in close behind her I pushed my cock fully up her open cunt  hole
   filling her to rim  and keeping up a  steady rhythm in her  ass bringing
   her to the brink of orgasm twice more.  Linda reached under and  grabbed
   my swinging balls as she began to finger her hard clit this was all  she
   could take and she began to  cum again.  Moving quickly I pulled  out of
   her pussy and forced three of  her own fingers up her slit  and removing
   my fingers from her  anus I pushed the  entire length of my  cock up her
   tight asshole.   Her tight  back door  was great  and after  she had cum
   twice more I pumped my load up  her asshole.  Pulling out I saw a  trail
   of sperm run out of the now  dilated rear and watched as she rubbed  her
   anus and  licked the  cum off  her fingers.   Being fucked  out for  the
   moment we cuddled up and fell into a deep and satisfied sleep.

   I awoke early  the next morning  to find Linda  sucking on my  now stiff
   cock.  She had  evidently woke up  before me and  took advantage of  the
   situation, in no time  Linda had me fully  erect and ready to  go as she
   continued to throat my throbbing cock I moved around spread her legs and
   started eating her hot pussy and fingering her puckered pink anus.  This
   action brought her off  to an explosive orgasm  and she covered my  face
   with her  sweet juices.   Since I  had not  yet gotten  off I pulled her
   mouth off  my straining  cock, got  her up  on all  fours and sucked and
   licked her sopping pussy  as I continued to  ram my finger up  her tight
   pink asshole.  Moving to  a kneeling position I  rammed my rock hard  10
   inch shaft up her tight wet cunt  and began to fuck her hot pussy  doggy
   style while continuing to probe her hot asshole with two fingers.  Linda
   reached back between her spread thighs and grabbed my swinging balls and
   rubbed them against her swollen  stiff clit.  This action along  with my
   deep thrusting brought  us both off  in no time  and I filled  her slick
   pussy with a massive load of  cum.  Moving apart Linda laid on  her back
   with her head propped up by the pillows and dipped her fingers into  her
   cum filled pussy collecting my load and bringing her cum slicked fingers
   to her  mouth licking  them clean  and swallowing  the creamy mixture of
   sperm and pussy juice.   This site kept me  hard and I moved  up between
   her soft thighs and tongued  fucked her twitching asshole until  she got
   her fill  of our  juices and  had cum  again from  her fingering  and my
   tongue up her  anus.  All of  this had me  ready to go  again and I told
   Linda to sit on my hard prick and make me cum again.  Linda descended on
   dick first licking and  sucking it to wet  it then she squatted  over me
   facing my feet and rammed her pussy down completely taking my 10  inches
   up her  sopping slit  and setting  up a  smooth rhythm.  Linda continued
   banging her cunt with my cock until she had another orgasm, seeing  that
   I was still hard she rose  up grabbed my throbbing dick and  directed it
   up her tight anus forcing herself down until I was fully inserted up her
   asshole.  Linda then began  pumping my cock in  and out of her  ass with
   long deep strokes as I laid  back and watched my throbbing cock  sliding
   in and out  of her stretched  anus.  Linda rammed  three fingers up  her
   open cunt and pressed back squeezing my raging cock even more, this  was
   too much for me and I came shooting my hot load up her throbbing asshole
   just as she came again.  Linda climbed off my now wilting cock and moved
   her sopping  cunt and  ass back  covering my  face and  commanded that I
   clean her up with my tongue.   As I was gratefully working on  her sweet
   slit and open anus  Linda took my limp  dick in her mouth  and sucked it
   clean.  I suggested we rest a bit  then shower and see if we could  find
   Mary  and  Pete  for  breakfast.   Linda  thought  that  was a good idea
   snuggling up next to me softly stroking my hardening cock while I rubbed
   her  stiff  clit  and  sucked  and  fondled  her firm tits.  After a few
   moments of rest Linda said she wanted  me to shave her pussy like I  had
   Mary's.  I was delighted at the prospect and went and got the razor  and
   the saving cream.  I placed her on the chair with her legs over the arms
   exposing her  cute bush  pink lips  and open  anus and  shaved her clean
   leaving just a small tuft of brunette bush above the start of her  slit.
   I then rubbed her exposed pussy and asshole with coconut oil making  her
   cum again during the process.   After we had showered with  much rubbing
   squeezing and fingering of exposed  parts we toweled off and  relaxed on
   the bed.  Linda began to rub my back  as I lay face down on the bed  and
   slowly worked her  way down to  my ass spreading  the cheeks and  tongue
   fucking my anus and pulling on my throbbing cock until I was again ready
   to go.  She stopped short of  making me cum again telling me  she wanted
   to have me showing  ready cock when we  went down for breakfast.   Linda
   spent several minutes licking the pre-  cum from my dick after which  we
   dressed.   As  Linda  had  come  to  my  room she had only her skirt and
   sweater to wear leaving her tits free to bounce and sway nicely and  her
   newly shaved cunt free to enjoy the morning breezes.  I put on a pair of
   white shorts which were light enough to make out my half erect cock thru
   and a tee shirt.   I called Pete and  Mary to make sure  they were ready
   for breakfast.  I talked to Pete who  told me they would be ready in  10
   minutes as Mary was just finishing sucking him off and from the sound of
   his voice as he came I could tell Mary was drinking down a huge load  of
   sperm.  This excited me  and I told Linda  that I would like  to get the
   four of  us together  for some  hot coupling  so we  could watch  as our
   spouses fucked.   Linda liked  my suggestion  and said  she wanted me to
   fuck her while she was eating  Mary's pussy and Pete was fucking  Mary's
   mouth.  The of that gave me an instant erection that lasted until we had
   reached the breakfast line.

   We met  Pete and  Mary walking  up to  breakfast and  they like  us were
   holding hands and  looking like they  had the time  of their lives.   At
   breakfast I  related some  of the  details of  Linda and  my evening and
   early morning lust and between listening to some of the going's on  that
   Mary and Pete had to tell  about I managed to suggest a  foursome.  Both
   agreed  eagerly  and  Linda  slipped  her  hand under the table stroking
   Mary's leg, Mary reached down and grabbed Linda's hand and pulled it  up
   pressing it into her twat signaling her approval of Linda's advance.  My
   last fear removed my mind raced with anticipation of what the four of us
   would be doing to each other later.

   We all decided we needed  no recharge our batteries before  our foursome
   and decided to spend some time  sunning on the nude beach before  we got
   together for some  heavy duty fucking  and sucking.  We  returned to our
   rooms this time with our spouses to change for the beach and Mary filled
   me in on Pete and her activities.  All in all they had fucked and sucked
   for over 3 hours between last night and this morning.  Mary particularly
   liked the  way Pete  reamed her  ass with  his cock  something which she
   loves me to do but sometimes can't take my full 10 inches as deep as she
   would like.  I told  her some more of  Linda and my exploits  and that I
   had shaved her pussy before  we came down to breakfast.   Mary indicated
   her desire to eat out Linda's cunt and asshole and hoped we would get to
   double team Linda when the four  of us got together Mary eating  Linda's
   cunt while I fucked  her doggy style up  the cunt and ass.   This got me
   hot and I moved Mary to a position bent over a chair and spread her legs
   and ate her moist  pussy from behind while  probing her asshole with  my
   finger.  After she came  once I probed her  hot tight cunt with  my hard
   cock until she came again and I  filled her cunt with my hot cum.   Mary
   then returned the favor by sucking  my cock clean and restoring my  hard
   on to its full glory.  We  quickly dressed for the beach and  headed out
   to get some sun.

   When we  got to  the beach  Pete and  Linda were  already stretched  out
   soaking in the  rays.  Both were  lying on their  backs with their  legs
   spread, Pete's cock was standing  about at half staff and  Linda's newly
   shaved pussy  was glistening  with cunt  juice and  her outer  lips were
   pulled back exposing the pink inner  folds of her slit.  Since the  four
   of us were the only ones on  the beach Mary and I took advantage  of the
   situation.  Striping down  quickly I moved  to Linda's side  licking her
   hard erect nipples as I pushed  two fingers up her hot pink  cunt.  Mary
   watched as I  began to rub  my thumb into  Linda's clit making  her moan
   with pleasure.   Pete looked  over and  smiled at  the site  of his wife
   getting finger fucked as Mary needing no invitation when to his side and
   started to deep  throat Pete's now  fully erect cock.   As I moved  down
   Linda in order to tongue fuck her hot cunt I could see Pete's stiff cock
   sliding fully down Mary's hot throat.  I sucked and licked Linda's stiff
   clit while reaming her hot tight  slit with two fingers as I  probed her
   asshole with the fingers  of my other hand.   Looking up I noticed  that
   Pete had moved Mary's ass around and was now finger fucking both her hot
   holes.  Just then I felt the warm sensation of Linda's mouth surround my
   hard cock, taking it  deep into her throat  she began to pump  my raging
   dick deep into her throat.  Looking  around to see how Mary was  doing I
   saw Pete arch  his back as  he began to  pump his load  deep into Mary's
   mouth and throat.  Mary kept her  mouth firmly planted on his dick  Mary
   took his full load into her mouth and throat.  Pete now satisfied leaned
   off the lounge  sucking and fingering  Mary's quivering cunt.   Mary was
   ready to cum now and as she did her mouth opened allowing some of Pete's
   load to drip out  onto his leg.  This  got me so hot  I shot a big  load
   down Linda's tight throat just as she came to a moaning climax.  Resting
   for  a  second  Linda  reached  over  to  Mary  and gave her a deep kiss
   exchanging Pete's and my sperm in the process.

   As the morning progressed  we basked in the  warm sun each with  our own
   thoughts as  to how  we would  like our  later foursome  to proceed.  By
   about 10:30  we were  all hot  and sweaty  from sitting  in the  sun and
   decided to go  for a swim  as we ambled  down to the  water to cool  off
   Nancy and Sam approached us and asked if they could join us on the  nude
   beach.  Although the meeting was a  bit awkward us naked with half  hard
   cocks which Nancy kept stealing  furtive glances at, and the  girls with
   hard  nipples  and  their  well  trimmed  pussies  which attracted Sam's
   attention, I told them they were  more than welcome to join us  after we
   had had our swim.  I could  see that Nancy was obviously getting  turned
   on as her nipples were almost as hard as Sam's cock, and didn't want  to
   miss seeing them strip down while we watched.

   We left Nancy and  Sam to collect their  things and join us  on the nude
   beach  and  proceeded  into  the  water.   After the initial getting wet
   things really started to roll with  the Mary and Linda who were  showing
   real lust for each other.  Pete and I sandwiched them between us and  as
   they squeezed each others tits and finger fucked each other Pete planted
   his hard prick up Mary's hot tight asshole while I rammed my full 10" up
   Linda's tight puckered anus.  The girls were consumed with lust for each
   other and it didn't take long for  them to cum with Pete and I  shooting
   our hot loads up their tight assholes.  After a bit of splashing  around
   I suggested we return to the nude beach and have some fun watching Nancy
   and Sam strip down and enjoy the sun.

   After we had dried off and settled into our lounges to sun Nancy and Sam
   arrived.  I could see  that they were both  a bit apprehensive but  none
   the  less  turned  on  at  the  prospect  of  sunning  in the buff and I
   suspected  they  had  other  ideas  as  well.  They pulled up two chaise
   lounges and arranged  their things.  Sam  wasted no time  and pulled off
   his T-shirt  and trunks  exposing a  fat 9"  cock which  was fully erect
   already.  Mary and Linda eyed his  hard cock with open lust as  Sam took
   up a position opposite them on his lounge with his legs drawn up and his
   cock standing up proudly.  Now it  was Nancy's turn to show us  what she
   was hiding  under her  skimpy bikini.   Moving slowly  but deftly  Nancy
   released her  top and  pulled it  off her  full firm  tits.  Nancy had a
   fantastic set of tits with hard erect pink nipples which jutted up  from
   those firm full mounds.   I unconsciously pulled on  the head of my  now
   hardening  cock  as  Nancy  reached  down  and removed her bikini bottom
   showing us her lush pussy covered with a thick blond bush.  Bending over
   slowly to tuck her  and Sam's suits into  their beach bag Nancy  gave us
   all a great view of her pink rimmed asshole and firm ass cheeks.   Nancy
   moved to  her lounge  and took  up a  position with  her legs spread and
   fully drawn up exposing the pink inner folds of her twat.  By the amount
   of cunt juice showing I could tell Nancy was fully aroused and ready for
   anything.  Nancy gazed fondly at my  now fully erect cock and asked  how
   big it was just as I was about to reply Linda broke in and told Nancy it
   was a full ten and was never tiring.  Mary smiled and asked if Nancy  if
   they were into swinging  too.  Nancy said she  and Sam had discussed  it
   often but as yet  had never taken the  plunge.  Mary and Linda  told her
   that they liked to swing and that  She and Sam ought to try it  with the
   four of us.  By the look on  Sam's face I could tell he wasn't  about to
   complain.  Pete chimed  in that we  were about to  embark on a  foursome
   right after lunch and that they were invited if the liked to try.  Nancy
   began to twist the nipple of her left tit and moved her hand down to her
   cunt slipping two fingers  up her wet hole,  she looked at Sam  and said
   lets join them.  I knew now this  was going to be a hot afternoon.   Sam
   readily agreed but said they couldn't this afternoon as he was going out
   diving  and  had  already  paid  for  the  charter.   Not  wanting  this
   opportunity to  be missed  I suggested  that he  and Nancy  join us that
   evening and we could get it on  after dinner and the show Sam said  that
   would be great  and the orgy  was set.  Mary  and Linda advised  Sam and
   Nancy on the necessity for sun protection on the nude beach and we  four
   watched  intently  as  Nancy  greased  Sam's  cock and balls with lotion
   bringing him  to climax  in her  hand and  then licking  down his sticky
   load.  Sam repeated the procedure  on Nancy rubbing her slick  cunt with
   sun block and  reaming her anus  with well lubed  fingers until she  too
   came flooding his hands with her slick juices.

   We all relaxed a while and waited for lunchtime.  As we dressed to go to
   lunch Nancy, Mary and Linda were discussing something in a low voice but
   I suspected it was about the coming evening or about what Mary and Linda
   had planned for our foursome.  After a rather uneventful but tasty lunch
   we all parted leaving for our  rooms to prepare for the afternoon  Linda
   Pete Mary  and I  for our  foursome and  I thought  Nancy and Sam to get
   ready to go diving.  As  we walked away Mary asked  me if it would be  a
   problem if Nancy joined  us to make our  foursome a five-some?.  With  a
   delighted look I told her of course not but wasn't she going diving with
   Sam?.  Mary told me that only Sam  was going diving but not to tell  him
   until later that evening after we all got together and had been  fucking
   a while.   I told  Mary I  now understood  what the  three of  them were
   whispering about earlier and Mary's eyes just twinkled at the prospect.

   Since Mary and  I had the  largest room and  a king size  bed we were to
   host the  afternoon orgy  and were  to call  Pete and  Linda after Nancy
   called us letting  us know that  Sam had left  for dive trip.   While we
   waited Mary and I got in a great session ourselves.  Mary started it off
   by sucking  my cock  until it  was fully  erect when  I was  moaning for
   release, she then mounted me forcing my prick up her tight cunt  setting
   up a steady rhythm Mary had me  moaning in ecstasy in no time.  I  asked
   Mary to reverse her position so I could probe her hot asshole while  she
   fucked me with her cunt.  Mary was more than pleased with my request and
   settled back down  forcing my staining  cock deep up  her hot pussy.   I
   licked two fingers and forced  them both up Mary's throbbing  asshole as
   she rammed my  cock in and  out of her  hot cunt.  After  Mary came to a
   crushing climax I laid her out  and pumped my cock deep into  her throat
   until I shot a full load deep in her throat.

   In short order  the Nancy called  to tell us  that Sam had  left for his
   diving excursion and the orgy could commence any time.  I told Nancy  to
   come right over and proceeded to  call Linda and Pete to have  them join
   us Linda  answered and  was having  a problem  speaking because Pete was
   eating her cunt she managed to say  they would be right over as soon  as
   they had  finished.  Almost  before I  could hang  up Nancy's  knock was
   heard at  the door.   Mary who  had slipped  on a  skirt and blouse with
   nothing underneath went to answer the door as I scrambled for my  pants.
   I  could  tell  Nancy  was  highly  aroused  as she and Mary exchanged a
   lingering kiss  and fondled  each others  tits and  cunts.  I kidded the
   girls telling them they would have to wait until Pete and Linda  arrived
   for the orgy to start.  Nancy  pulled up Mary's skirt and asked  her how
   she managed  to shave  her pussy  so nice,  Mary replied  that I did her
   pussy trimming and asked if she would like me to shave her cunt?   Nancy
   was very pleased and asked me if I would shave her now so she could show
   off her cunt properly for our orgy.  I readily agreed and asked Mary  to
   get  the  razor  and  shaving  cream.   I  then moved Nancy to the chair
   pulling her skirt up to her waist exposing her wet pussy.  Mary returned
   with the razor and shaving  cream and assisted by covering  Nancy's cunt
   with saving  cream Mary  then stood  back and  rubbed Nancy's  firm tits
   while I shaved  her cunt and  rubbed in some  oil.  Grabbing a  the hand
   mirror I  held it  up so  Nancy could  inspect her  newly shaved  pussy.
   Nancy loved it and as she admired my work I pushed my well oiled fingers
   up her throbbing cunt and tight anus this pushed Nancy over the edge and
   she began to cum moaning and wiggling on my fingers as Mary pinched  and
   twisted her nipples through her thin blouse.

   Just as Nancy was recovering her  wits a second knock told us  that Pete
   and Linda  had arrived.   I went  to the  door and  welcomed them to our
   party.  After some small talk and gentle rubbing and fondling we decided
   that Pete  and I  would strip  each girl  one by  one and then the girls
   would have  the same  pleasure with  each of  us.  Since  Nancy was  the
   newest member of the party she would be first.  Pete and I lead Nancy to
   the end of the bed and Mary and  Linda got on the bed to watch the  fun.
   Pete began to rub Nancy's firm tits while I undid her skirt and  lowered
   it revealing her lush pussy.  Pete removed her blouse and began to  suck
   her hard nipples.  I moved to a kneeling position spread her pink  pussy
   lips and started licking her clit  as I inserted my fingers up  her cunt
   and asshole.  By this time Nancy was well on her way to a orgasm and she
   spread her legs  allowing me to  probe her pussy  and ass deeper.   As I
   pumped her holes  and sucked on  her erect clit  Pete squeezed her  tits
   while  sucking  her  nipples  in  no  time Nancy was cumming and moaning
   wetting my entire face with her  sweet juices.  Mary was next and  moved
   to the end  of the bed.   I began by  unbuttoning her blouse  while Pete
   pulled off her  skirt and knelt  down spreading Mary's  legs and burying
   his mouth and tongue in her cunt.  I began to suck on Mary's tits  while
   I caressed  her ass  pushing a  finger into  her anus.   Pete stuck  two
   fingers up Mary's hot  wet pussy and finger  fucked her while he  sucked
   and nibbled her to an explosive orgasm.  Mary then switched places  with
   Linda and I noticed that Nancy was frigging herself and I told her to do
   that to  Mary while  Pete and  I stripped  Linda.  Mary  smiled and took
   Nancy's hand  putting it  on her  own sopping  slit as  she slipped  two
   fingers up  Nancy's pouting  cunt.  Pete  removed Linda's  sweater as  I
   pulled off her skirt and spread her legs pulling back her pink cunt lips
   and slipping two  fingers up her  sopping twat.  Pete  began sucking and
   licking his wifes tits while I ate her hot cunt tonguing her stiff  hard
   clit as  I reamed  her pussy  with my  fingers.  Pete  pushed two of his
   fingers still  slick with  Mary's juices  up Linda's  tight hot asshole.
   This  combined  action  was  too  much  for  Linda  to hold back and she
   climaxed hard replete with swearing and moaning.

   Looking up I noticed that Mary and Nancy had brought each other off  too
   and were now sitting back with their legs spread and each others fingers
   still fully inserted in  up their wet pink  pussies.  Now it was  Pete's
   turn to get naked  the girls worked quickly  pulling down his pants  and
   allowing his rock hard cock to spring to attention.  Nancy took his cock
   down her throat as Linda began to suck his balls and Mary stared to lick
   and finger  his asshole.   All this  attention made  Pete shoot his load
   early and  the girls  all joined  in drinking  down his  sticky cum  and
   cleaning his cock and balls with  their tongues.  Pete laid back on  the
   bed and it was now my turn to get stripped.  Linda pulled my pants  down
   as Mary rubbed her full erect tits against my chest as she pulled off my
   shirt.  Nancy was already  pulling my rock hard  10" into her mouth,  as
   she closed her lips over the head I felt Linda's hands spread my ass and
   her tongue enter my throbbing anus.   Mary had joined in taking both  of
   my balls in her  mouth and setting up  a gentle sucking action  as Nancy
   proceeded to swallow the rest of my hard cock.  Nancy then began a  deep
   sucking action  pulling back  about half  way and  then ramming my prick
   deep into her tight  throat.  This combined action  took its toll on  me
   and I started to shoot my load down Nancy's throat.  After my first shot
   Nancy pulled off my  cock and directed my  second and third spurts  into
   Linda and Mary's mouths and the rest on their tits.

   As agreed each  of us would  take a turn  being the center  of attention
   with the others doing everything in  their power to pleasure the one  in
   the center.  Nancy was first and she laid back in the middle of the  bed
   and asked me to fuck her cunt  with my big cock.  I move in  between her
   legs as Linda and Mary pulled her legs back and opened her pussy.  Linda
   grabbed my hard cock and guided me into Nancy's open pussy.  Once I  was
   fully up her cunt and pounding her hot slit with long deep strokes Nancy
   asked Mary to mount her face so  she could eat Mary's cunt and lick  her
   clit and told Pete  to get behind Mary  and fuck Mary's pussy  while she
   was eating it.  Nancy had Linda get behind Pete and tongue fuck his anus
   while she  massaged his  balls.  She  told Pete  he was  to pull  out of
   Mary's cunt and shoot his load  down her throat when he came.   She then
   reached back  with one  hand ramming  three fingers  up Linda's  exposed
   pussy and massaged Mary's tits and nipples with the other as I and  Pete
   began to set up a steady  rhythm and Nancy began sucking Mary's  clit as
   Pete's throbbing cock rammed in and out of Mary.  Mary was the first one
   to  cum  from  the  combined  licking  and fucking she was getting, Mary
   drenched Nancy's face with  her juices just as  Pete began to shoot  his
   load.  Pulling out of Mary's cunt Linda grabbed her husbands raging cock
   and forced  it into  Nancy's mouth.   Nancy milked  all the  cum out  of
   Pete's cock with long sucking strokes.  I was nearing orgasm and slipped
   my hand under Nancy's ass ramming my finger into her hot asshole just as
   both she and I began to cum, I filled her cunt with my sperm and  rubbed
   my cock back and forth over her  stiff clit.  As Linda had yet to  reach
   orgasm Nancy directed her to place her cunt on her face and had me  fuck
   her doggy style  until Linda came  and flooded her  face with her  sweet
   juice.  Mean while Mary had moved down  and began to lick my cum out  of
   Nancy's pussy as Pete fucked his wifes mouth.

   Mary was next to take the center spot she chose to get double fucked  by
   Pete and I, climbing onto my stiff cock and ramming her pussy down until
   my cock was fully  stuffed up her hot  cunt.  Pete knelt behind  her and
   crammed his prick fully  up Mary's hot tight  anus setting up a  furious
   pace of  pumping.  Mary  then directed  Linda to  sit on  my face  and I
   started licking her cunt as I  finger fucked her anus.  Mary told  Nancy
   to bring her cunt over so my wife could eat her sweet slit.  In no  time
   Mary was racked in orgasm as Pete  and I shot gallons of hot cum  up her
   stretched  pussy  and  asshole.   Mary  moved  to a position on her side
   telling the other  girls to suck  our cum out  of her cunt  and anus, as
   they licked her holes Pete rammed his cock up his wifes anus as I probed
   Nancy's hot tight asshole ramming my  full length in and out of  Nancy's
   tight back door until she came and collapsed on the bed as I filled  her
   asshole with  a hot  load of  my sperm.   Mary and  Linda pulled her ass
   cheeks apart and started to suck my cum from her juicy ass.  Pete  moved
   to Nancy's  mouth forcing  his still  erect prick  down her  throat as I
   pumped my cock up Linda's well  lubed asshole and pounded my fingers  in
   and out of Mary's  sweet slick holes managing  to shoot another load  of
   sperm up Linda's tight anus.

   We all needed a minute of  rest after our session with Mary  as everyone
   had already cum multiple times and  we were all soaked in sweat.   Linda
   was next and I could hear the wheels turning as she invented the  script
   we would play to please her.  Finally Linda's lust could not be put  off
   any longer and she began directing her starring role.  True to her words
   earlier that morning Linda  got up on all  fours and told me  to cram my
   10" cock up  her sopping cunt  which I did  willingly filling her  tight
   pussy until I was balls deep in her clutching slit.  While I was reaming
   her throbbing pussy Linda pulled Mary's still cum ladened snatch to  her
   mouth while she rammed two fingers up Mary's cunt and another two up her
   cum stained  asshole.  Meanwhile  Linda told  Pete to  ram his cock down
   Mary's throat until only his balls were exposed and he began to pull and
   squeeze Mary's nipples as he pounded his cock in and out of her  crimson
   lips.  Linda had Nancy crawl beneath  her and lick her clit and  squeeze
   her tits pulling and pinching her erect nipples as I pounded in and  out
   of her tight cunt hole.  Spreading Nancy's legs Linda rammed the fingers
   of her free  hand up Nancy's  cunt and cum  filled anus.  Taking  my cue
   from Linda's actions  I licked two  fingers and pushed  them up her  cum
   filled asshole probing her ass with alternating thrusts to my now raging
   prick.  Linda  began to  cum hard  setting off  a geyser  of sperm  from
   Pete's cock which my  wife gladly swallowed in  big gulps as she  forced
   two fingers  up Pete's  throbbing anus.   Mary began  to climax covering
   Linda's face with her sweet cunt  juice which Linda gladly licked up  as
   quickly as  possible.  Sensing  Linda needed  more I  pulled out  of her
   twitching cunt and  pushed my throbbing  meat up her  tight anus.  Nancy
   who was now moaning in orgasm  filled the void I left behind  by ramming
   three fingers up Linda's cunt just as Linda switched her oral attentions
   to Nancy's sopping  pussy licking up  all of Nancy's  sweet juice.  This
   was all I could take and I began to fill Linda's anus with another  load
   of cum, Looking up  I could see Pete  being jerked off by  my wife shoot
   another load of his sticky cream all over Mary's tits and belly.   Linda
   was satisfied as she crawled up onto Mary to lick her husbands cum  from
   her tits and belly.  Nancy showing  she still had some life left  pulled
   Linda's legs  apart and  continue the  action by  tongue fucking Linda's
   anus sucking out the cream I  had just deposited up that delicious  ass.
   I did the same  to Nancy's asshole lacking  a sufficient erection to  do
   much more.  Pete was  in a similar condition  and had all to  do to roll
   Mary to her side and tongue her back door.

   After a short rest the tables were turned and Pete got his chance to  be
   the center of attention.  Pete  began slowly having Nancy and  Mary suck
   his cock  to restore  its hardness.   Both ladies  sucked and licked his
   dick until it was again standing  proudly ready to be rammed into  their
   sweet holes.  As they were working  their magic on Pete's dick Pete  had
   me fuck his wife Linda's cum  filled cunt while she alternately ate  and
   fingered Mary and Nancy's cunts and assholes.  I was having quite a good
   time pounding my  cock up Linda's  cunt while I  watched as she  ravaged
   Nancy's  and  Mary's  twats  and  assholes  with  her  mouth, tongue and
   fingers.  Pete  instructed Nancy  to sit  on his  now fully  erect cock.
   Nancy squatted above  him positioning her  self for a  massive thrust as
   Mary held Pete's dick  poised for the attack  and his wife Linda  spread
   Nancy's cunt lips opening her hot  cunt to the attack as she  rammed two
   fingers up Nancy's asshole.  With  one quick plunge Nancy forced  Pete's
   throbbing meat up her open pussy and began a slow up and down  thrusting
   which rammed  Pete's cock  deep into  her cum  ladened snatch  with each
   stroke.  Having taken care of Nancy's immediate needs Pete directed  his
   wife Linda to come around and  sit on his face, Linda squatted  directly
   over his face and Pete began to probe her hot box with his tongue as  he
   fingered he well lubed asshole with two fingers.  Pete asked me to  come
   forward and  pound my  cock up  Linda,s cunt  and asshole  as he ate her
   twitching  cunt  and  licked  and  sucked  her  stiff clit.  I took up a
   position behind Linda and re-insert my big cock up her sweet slit giving
   Pete a good look at his wife's  cunt being reamed by my big dick.   Pete
   then had Mary stand between Linda and Nancy and had Linda eat and finger
   fuck Mary's asshole while Nancy  rammed three fingers up Mary's  cunt as
   she licked and sucked her clit.  Pete could hardly contain himself and I
   was on the  brink of cumming  when Nancy screamed  out with her  climax.
   This took me over the  top and I started to  pump a huge load of  cum up
   Linda's quivering snatch.  Pete too began  to pump his load of sperm  up
   Nancy's  twat  as  Linda  began  bucking  and moaning in orgasm.  Moving
   quickly I pulled out of Linda's cunt and spreading her ass cheeks rammed
   my  still  throbbing  cock  deep  into  her  anus making her cry out and
   compleat her orgasm as  she sank down on  Pete's face filling his  mouth
   with the combination of  her cunt juice and  my sperm.  Mary had  yet to
   cum so Pete had her sit on his face replacing Linda and began to  tongue
   fuck Mary's pussy while he had  Linda continue her assault on my  wife's
   tight anus.  Nancy was resting on Pete's chest and rubbing Mary's  pussy
   and clit as Pete worked to bring Mary to climax.  Being left out of  the
   action and seeing Nancy lying on Pete with his now half hard cock  still
   clutched in her  cum wet cunt  I took the  liberty of spreading  Nancy's
   firm ass  cheeks and  began to  finger and  tongue her  hot anus.   This
   action revived her somewhat and I move up on her placing the head of  my
   hard cock at the opening of her asshole.  Pete must have realized what I
   was up to and started stoking his cock up her pussy with renewed  vigor.
   I spread her ass wide and slowly pumped the entire ten inches of my cock
   up her pulsing asshole.  I could feel Pete,s cock sliding in and out  of
   her packed pussy as I pumped my cock up her ass making sure to go  balls
   deep on each thrust.  Just as Mary began to climax both Pete and I  shot
   our hot loads up Nancy's cunt and anus completing this scene with a loud
   moan.

   At Last my turn was  at hand I could not  wait long for my pleasure  and
   told Pete  and the  girls take  a short  rest and  then we  would start.
   While we rested I tried to think  of how to top the fucking and  sucking
   we had  already witnessed.   Once everyone  had regained  some of  their
   strength I directed Nancy to the armchair and had her kneel on the  arms
   exposing her sweet cunt and anus to us all.  I told Pete to move to  her
   face and had him jam his cock balls deep in her tight throat.  Pete  set
   up a slow stroking rhythm which forced his cock deep into Nancy's throat
   on each thrust.  I had Mary  lie beneath Nancy's slippery slit and  suck
   on her erect clit while I reamed my cock up Nancy's cunt with long  slow
   strokes.  I had Linda get between my wife's hot thighs and eat her  cunt
   while  pounding  her  fingers  up  Mary's  asshole.   Mary meanwhile had
   slipped her fingers up my asshole and was reaming me to the same  rhythm
   I was  fucking Nancy's  pussy.  I  heard Nancy  moan just  as Pete and I
   began to cum filling her throat and  cunt with our cream and by the  way
   she was bucking I could tell she had cum too.  I directed Mary and Linda
   to switch places  and had Pete  move behind Mary  so he could  pound his
   cock up her ready cunt and ass.  Linda began to suck and finger  Nancy's
   cunt as I eased my 10" cock up Nancy's asshole.  Pete meanwhile had  his
   cock rammed up Mary's cunt and was pounding her with long slow  strokes.
   Linda was deep into sucking and finger fucking Nancy's swollen pussy  as
   Mary sucked her clit and finger  fucked her hot cunt and asshole.   This
   scene was repeated with each girl  taking the position on the chair  and
   Pete  and  I  alternating  up  their  cunts  and assholes until we could
   continue no longer.

   I thought nothing would be able to top this session but as it turned out
   I was wrong later that evening  things really got wild.  As we  were all
   totally fucked out I  suggested we return to  the beach and rest  in the
   sun until Sam returned from his dive trip.  Adjourning to the beach  our
   lusty five-some  stripped down  and languished  in the  sun resting  our
   tired organs for the evening festivities.  Nancy, Mary, Linda and I  did
   get in  one small  dilatation during  a short  swim.  I  managed to fuck
   Nancy's asshole while  Mary and Linda  sucked her tits  and fingered her
   cunt but the rest of the trip will be in the next story.
                                                                                                                                              