Archive-name: 3plus/vactn.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Vacation Time Again

    
        The trip to the island was pleasant enough, except for the mild
   turbulence that had lasted twenty minutes.  Now the hot, humid, tropical
   air wrapped around him like a wet blanket, making even the casual clothes
   he wore seem confining and sodden.  Jeff picked up his bag and rode the
   special chartered bus to the hotel.  The bus wasn't a marvel of modern
   technology. It was a 1958 Ford bus, well preserved and sound, but lacking
   air conditioning as well as soft seats. The vinyl seats made the heat seem
   worse, causing him to soak the back of his shirt with sweat.   
        Jeff mused over the last time he'd been this hot riding a bus. That
   had been eight years ago, riding a military bus when he was stationed at
   Guam.  He did some calculations and figured that this island was just
   south of Guam, and some 1200 miles west.  At least this time he wouldn't
   have to wear a stifling uniform.   
        The resort hotel was pleasant, modern but built with a nostalgic
   touch.  The guests queued up in the lobby, with the staff handling their
   arrival efficiently.  Jeff glanced around at the other guests, those that
   had arrived with him and those already into their vacations.  He smiled
   inwardly, congratulating himself on making the right choice.  He'd heard
   how some places show ads with young, athletic looking people at the
   resort, but their clientele is made up mostly of retired senior citizens.
   This resort had some seniors to be sure, but plenty of younger guests. 
        Jeff found his room, unlocked it and entered.  Pleasant and cool,
   with air conditioning for comfort.  He dropped his bag and looked over the
   pamphlet of activities, the same ones that a young staffer had explained
   earlier while Jeff only half listened.  Jeff knew that bored monotone
   voice was the way he sounded before this trip, and besides, he was
   watching a very sexy brunette walk through the lobby in shorts. 
        Jeff decided that he would walk the beach, let the sand sift between
   his toes and make no decisions for a while.  He hadn't walked barefoot on
   a beach in years, and he smiled longingly as he began undressing.  He
   found his trunks, and put them on, looking in the large mirror at his
   body.  At 32, Jeff was still in good shape, thanks to tri-weekly trips to
   the gym and bicycling to do his errands.   
        Walking down the beach proved to be delightful.  The fine white sand
   shifted and gave under his feet.  There was a light breeze which didn't
   cool him much, but felt good anyhow.  All along the beach, here and there,
   were people sunning themselves, completely relaxed.  They were spread out
   enough to give each blanket dweller or couple privacy, but close enough
   for Jeff to take in several at a time.  Some of the women were very
   shapely in their bikinis, and some of the men looked trim.  Jeff would
   wonder whenever he saw a mismatched pair, a heavy man and shapely woman or
   the reverse.  Physical appearances change over the years Jeff knew.  Just
   two years ago he'd been overweight, and out of shape.  Now he felt
   terrific, free and so alive.  
        Jeff approached the end of the beach where it was cutoff by a outcrop
   of volcanic rock.  The fifteen foot high wall of rock divided the smooth
   sands of the beach neatly, and Jeff wondered how many aeons had passed
   since the volcano poured its hot lava down to the ocean.  The rocks were
   worn smooth by wind, sand, and rain.  He was about to turn and go inland
   when he saw motion atop the end of the rocks.  
        The woman stood on top of the old lava flow, walking towards the sea.
   She pulled her neon orange swimsuit bottoms over her cheeks as she walked.
   Jeff noticed her breasts were bare, and he could see the tan lines were
   her fair skin gleamed in contrast to her tan.  Fascinated he watched her
   stop at the end of the rocks, swing her arms back, then forwards, diving
   off the rocks, out of sight.  
        Jeff now walked up the beach, to climb around the rock outcropping
   and see what was on the other side.  He found a small fence and followed
   its wooden pickets down the other side, stopping at a gate that hung over
   a well worn pathway.  A sign on the gate held his attention for a moment. 
   "Clothing optional beach. Adults only", the sign read.  It was painted by
   hand, in a neat lettering.  Jeff pushed the gate open and headed in,
   feeling a growing sensation in his loins.   
        On the beach people lounged about in however much, or little, fit
   their taste.  Most of the women were topless, and there were quite a few
   fully naked women.  The men seemed evenly divided, most wearing very brief
   suits.  Jeff felt that his squarish boxer trunks made him overdressed. He
   strolled down the beach, looking out towards the sea at the exposed
   people. A young woman ran past him, looking over her shoulder to catch a
   frisbee, her firm young breasts bouncing happily.  She caught the plastic
   disc, and spun, flinging it back towards a naked young man, her breasts
   swaying and even slapping together audibly.  She ignored Jeff, shouting at
   her friend's clumsiness as he missed the frisbee.   
        Jeff strolled on, and about halfway down the beach, stopped to remove
   his trunks.  The air felt good on his newly exposed skin, and the warm sun
   seemed to caress his skin, a feeling he found exhilarating.  He wadded the
   trunks into a ball, carrying them in his hand.  A shapely woman of about
   fifty approached him, walking with a much younger woman of perhaps 20.
   Both of them were as naked as Jeff, laughing and talking.  The older woman
   was nice looking, with a light tan, full breasts that sagged a bit, and
   shapely legs.  Jeff thought that without looking at her face, he might've
   guessed her to be only 35. Only the graying hair and the maturity of her
   face gave away her secret.  The younger woman was a knockout however. Very
   shapely, with smallish breasts, a slim waist, and slender but tantalizing
   hips.  Her golden hair trailed behind her, hanging down almost to her
   waist, and her deep tan made her hair glow.  Jeff's eyes compared the
   triangles of curly hair between the four approaching legs, preferring the
   soft, almost luminescence of the blonde's to that of the darker bush of
   her companion.  Jeff noticed the complete lack of tan lines on the younger
   girl. 
        The three bodies came close, then diverted slightly to avoid a
   collision.  The women looked at Jeff, their eyes just briefly glancing
   down together. Both smiled, as did Jeff.  
        "G'afternoon ladies." Jeff managed in a pleasant fashion.
        Both of them smiled and the younger one laughed a little. "Hello",
   and "G'day" came their responses as they passed.  
        Jeff resisted the urge to stop and watch them walk away, at least
   until he'd travelled three more steps.  He paused and turned, seeing the
   blonde looking over her shoulder at him turn her head away again.  From
   behind, the two looked much closer in age.  The blonde's slim behind
   wagged invitingly, and she was a beauty to watch with her even tan.  
        Jeff wandered down the beach again, and saw a naked, fair skinned
   young lady with a wide brimmed hat attempt to put a beach umbrella into
   the fine sand.  She had a lovely figure, with breasts large enough to sway
   erotically as she struggled with the uncooperative contraption.  Jeff
   walked towards her, approaching her from the side of her blanket.  Still
   thirty feet away she turned her back on Jeff and bent over to pick up the
   umbrella again, exposing her nicely shaped behind and the wonderful shape
   of her pussy. Her creamy white skin seemed out of place here, until Jeff
   noticed the reddish-orange hair under the wide brim of her hat.  Jeff
   slowed and waited until she stood again and turned her profile to him. 
        "Need a hand?", Jeff asked politely.  The woman turned, and Jeff felt
   his heart jump.  Her face was a lovely and delicate as the rest of her.  
        "Um, well, yes, I could use some help.", She said, glancing over
   Jeff's nudity.   
        Jeff took the umbrella from her hands, and looked at the base. It was
   squared off, not pointed.   
        "We'll have to dig a small hole in the sand for it.", He said matter
   of factly.  "There's no point for it to dig in." 
        "I was trying to avoid that.", the redhead said glumly.
        Jeff knelt in the sand and began scooping handfuls aside until he
   found the damp, packed sand underneath.  He scooped out several handfuls
   and then put the umbrella into the pocket. It wanted to pry the sand up,
   so Jeff scraped out several more handfuls.  
        "Now, let's see if this works.", Jeff said, glancing at the redhead
   who sat on her haunches, watching with her hands on her thighs.  Jeff put
   the pole into the deep pocket, finding that it wasn't wide enough to
   accomodate the umbrella. He stood, grasping the umbrella and jamming it
   down into the hole as deep as it would go.  When he felt it hit bottom, he
   looked at the redhead, intending to ask her to pack the loose sand around
   the pole.  She was still staring with wide, blue eyes at his crotch,
   watching his flesh sway and bounce as he moved.  Jeff smiled and began
   packing the sand around the pole with his feet, giving the redhead more to
   stare at.  Her stare aroused him, and he felt his shaft growing slowly, a
   little embarrassed by it.  
        "There you go.", Jeff said, finishing. "Nice and deep."
        "Oh, um, thanks.", She said, tearing her eyes off Jeff's gonads.
        "By the way, I'm Jeff.", He said, smiling down at her.
        "Hi, I'm Bev.", the redhead replied. "Care for some shade?"
        Jeff smiled and nodded, looking down and watching her open the
   umbrella's canopy.  He drank in the shape of her lush breasts, which were
   just full enough to be enjoyable.  Her behind was round and smooth,
   blending with her thighs by way of subtle curves.  Bev brushed sand off
   her hands and sat down on the blanket, leaving only her legs in the sun.
   Jeff slipped under the umbrella beside her, his arm touching hers briefly. 
        In that brief contact, he felt the electricity jump between them, and
   saw her slight jump.  Bev turned and rummaged in her small bag, pulling
   out a plastic bottle of suntan lotion.   
        "I have to put this on before I turn lobster red.", she said. "One of
   the curses for being a redhead." 
        "Fair skin has disadvantages doesn't it?", Jeff replied calmly.
        "Oh! You know it!", Bev laughed. She proceeded to tell Jeff of the
   teasing she'd taken all her life about "blinding" people with her fair
   skin at the beach, and how, even her sister at least had freckles that
   darkened. Jeff watched her spread the oil over her legs, working her way
   up to her stomach. He had a hard time tearing his eyes from her orange
   pubic bush, fascinated by the luxuriously thick triangle of hair.  
        "But being a redhead has other advantages.", Jeff laughed.
        "Hmm, yeah, I suppose.", Bev replied, then launched into a humorous
   string of stories about being called "red", "carrot top" and other names.
   She was spreading the suntan lotion over her breasts, making them wobble
   erotically, glistening in the tropical sun. "I was about five or six, and
   some woman in a store said, 'my aren't you pretty, and where did you get
   that red hair?'  Well, I looked at her and fluffed my hair and said 'out
   of a bottle'!" 
        Jeff laughed hard, imagining the look on the woman's face. Bev
   finished her front and handed Jeff the bottle. "Would you mind doing my
   back?", she asked, looking intently at his face. 
        "I suppose I could force myself.", Jeff said playfully.
        "Oh! Fine then! I'll just tan my front for a while instead.", Bev
   shot back in mock offense. 
        Jeff grabbed the bottle. "Turn over you flirt, before I paddle your
   bottom for being a snot." 
        "Gee-awd.", Bev smiled, "What a brute. And helpless me at your mercy
   too!"  Bev rolled over, propping herself up on her elbows, leaving her
   hips flat on the blanket.  
        "Helpless and naked.", Jeff said, pouring some lotion on her back.
   "Not a bad combination."  Jeff was glad that her back was turned, as his
   shaft had begun to rise beyond mere arousal.  As his hand spread the warm
   oil over her shoulders and back, his shaft became more insistent about
   standing, and Jeff moved himself around so that she wouldn't see it if she
   turned her head his way.  
        "Men! Always taking advantage of us poor helpless females.", Bev shot
   back in an amused tone. "Always thinking with their groins." 
        "Women!", Jeff retorted. "Always teasing us poor guys, getting us all
   hot and bothered, then laughing about it." 
        "Ha!", Bev said, "Rough, tough, macho guys can't take it can you?"
        Jeff had covered her back with the slick oil, and now her behind was
   the only dry area of skin left to be covered.  Jeff poured some of the oil
   into his hand. 
        "Careful, remember I have you naked and helpless.", Jeff admonished
   her tongue-in-cheek.  
        "Riiiight.", Bev said. "Just what do you think you can do on a beach
   full of people that I couldn't...couldn't...ohhhhh." 
        Jeff's hand slid up from the bottom of her behind, spreading oil over
   her round ass as she talked. He'd pulled her left globe like cheek,
   spreading her cheeks. His fingers brushed lightly over her bush as he slid
   to the other cheek, causing her to stammer.  While his hand rose up her
   ass, pulling the right cheek open, he'd poured a little of the oil out,
   just above her anus, and watched as it rolled down her body, trickling
   along her pussy.  Bev went silent for a long moment, and Jeff slid his
   slick fingers along her pussy, spreading the oil over her damp folds,
   making Bev's hips arch slightly and a surprised moan escape her mouth. 
        "I could do lots of things here on the beach.", Jeff said softly,
   caressing her slippery labia. "Things that you might enjoy."
        "I...I...mmmmmmm.", Bev moaned breathlessly.
        Jeff's fingers had parted her labia, finding her own oils to spread.
   Bev's hips moved upwards slightly, and her legs parted a little more.  
        "What...what sort of things?", Bev said in a loud whisper, her eyes
   closed. 
        Jeff pressed his finger forward, sliding into her opening. Bev moaned
   softly, parting her legs even more. "These kinds of things.", Jeff
   whispered.  
        "Ooohhaaa.", Bev moaned. "What else?"
        Jeff's cock lurched, fully rigid, standing to its full eight inches.
   He moved deliberately, brushing the head against her lower ribs. "How's
   this?", he asked, slipping his finger in further, and using the others to
   reach down and caress her clitoris.  
        "Ohhhhhhh I-I'm gonna cum!", Bev moaned softly, arching her oily ass
   up so Jeff's fingers could stroke her clit unimpaired.  Jeff felt her
   pussy throb and grasp his finger, and her legs closed, trapping his hand
   between her legs. "Mmmmmmmmmm."  
        Her quivering ass held Jeff's hand, and he slowly flexed his finger,
   flexing his cock against her side in time with his finger. Bev's hips
   slowly writhed about, moistening his fingers with her cream.  Silently
   they continued, and her legs parted again.  
        "Stay still.", Jeff whispered, then he removed his hand and moved to
   straddle her thighs, resting his cock between her cheeks.  Jeff poured
   some more oil on her back and began rubbing it in. Leaning forward to
   reach her shoulders forced his cock to slide between her cheeks, and Bev
   squeezed, trying to grip the long, hard shaft. "Relax, be still.", Jeff
   said.  He glanced around and no one was paying attention, the nearest
   people being almost a hundred yards away.  He leaned forward, and
   whispered in her ear. "Naked and helpless." 
        Bev gave a light, moaning sign, hearing those words. Jeff sat back,
   and pressed his thick shaft between her cheeks, sliding it right into her
   pussy with a slow, even thrust.  
        "Ohhhhhhhh gawwwwwwdd!", Bev moaned, feeling his swollen rod invade
   her depths. She arched her hips back, letting him drive deeper. 
        Jeff felt his cock enter, then slide inside her, the arch of her
   hips, and the slippery wetness that flowed around him. He was very aroused
   and feared that he would come much too quickly.  An idea flickered into
   his head, turning a premature ejaculation into an erotic coup. 
        "Stay very, very still.", Jeff said quietly, leaning over her back.
   He still pretended to be massaging her with oil, and then flexed his cock
   hard, pressing it deep into her. Bev moaned again and her hips moved up
   and down slowly, erotically. Jeff's hips moved too, a barely perceptible
   rocking, in time with his flexing.   
        "Cum in me.", Bev gasped, "Please, cum IN me."
        Jeff couldn't resist her voice, her lush, oily softness. His cock
   swelled, and his hip drove forward, pressing hard against her buttocks. He
   felt the surge expand his cock, and his thick semen erupted like a gusher
   from the head, deep into this hot redhead's cunt. 
        Bev felt it too, deep within, a surging tide that washed up over the
   inner walls of her pussy, coating them with warm sperm. Her pussy
   contracted, gripping the thick invader of her cunt, sucking and milking
   the warm cum into her.  She spasmed and moaned, feeling the throbbing that
   seemed intent on spreading her wide open, even though it expanded only by
   a few millimeters at best.  
        The two of them stayed still for long moments, unable to move, to
   speak.  Then Jeff leaned forward, whispering. 
        "You, m'lady, are something else!", He said, kissing her ear softly.
        "Gawd!", Bev moaned. "You got me so hot!"
        Jeff and Bev moved apart, looking at each other as if for the first
   time.  Bev looked even more radiantly beautiful than before, her face
   slightly flushed, and her blue eyes sparkling.  The two finally headed up
   the beach toward the resort.  Jeff donned his trunks, and Bev put on her
   bikini, a tiny lime green affair with almost no covering for her behind.
   Bev said that she felt very hot, since Jeff's thick cum had run down her
   thighs as they walked up the beach.  Jeff reassured her that it wasn't
   visible against the oily sheen of her body.  Jeff's body glistened too,
   from sweat, not oil.   
        They went to Jeff's room, after Bev said that she was sharing hers
   with others.  They showered together, soaping each other up and exploring
   those ever-important erogenous zones.  Bev had difficulty letting go of
   Jeff's erect shaft, wanting to stroke it, roll it between her hands and
   feel its warmth.  
        They toweled off and Jeff led her to the bed, but Bev pushed him onto
   his back.  "My turn.", Bev said playfully.  
        Bev took her turn at pleasing, and Jeff relaxed.  Bev slowly pumped
   his cock up and down, examining it closely. A drop of pre-cum formed at
   the tip, and Bev licked it off, tasting his salty juice.   
        Bev moved down between Jeff's legs, and licked his balls, still
   stroking his shaft.  Her tongue traced a line from the base, up the
   underside to the head.  Jeff looked down and watched Bev press the wet tip
   against her cheek, spreading the thin pre-cum over her cheek and upper
   lip.  Bev swirled her tongue around the head of the throbbing shaft, then
   sucked.  
        Her mouth felt like warm, slick velvet, and Jeff moaned as her lips
   encircled the base of his shaft.  Bev moved back, keeping her lips at the
   base, lowered her head until the tip of his cock pointed at his feet. The
   pressure he felt seemed constraining, like a tight pair of pants with a
   massive hard-on.  His cock was fully engulfed in her mouth and throat,
   throbbing and flexing. Now, slowly, Bev slid back and off his cock,
   pressing her lips tightly around him, using her tongue to press him to the
   roof of her mouth, lightly grazing the top of his shaft with her teeth.  
        "Ohhhh gawd!", Jeff moaned. "Ohhhhhhhh!"
        Bev laughed, sending vibrations through his shaft, deep into his
   balls.  Jeff felt every nerve in his cock tingle.  She stopped and then
   slid down his cock again, using her lips to pull it into her mouth as she
   moved forward.  Jeff felt the sensation of her lips pulling him into her
   mouth, and began trembling.   
        "Ohhhhh jeeezus!", Jeff said. "You'll make me cum."
        Halfway down his cock, Bev moaned, making a "yummy" sound before
   continuing. It only took about two more of these long, slow, incredibly
   erotic motions before Jeff felt his resolve give way. He moaned and raised
   his hips. 
        Bev felt it coming, halfway up his shaft. The throbbing shaft
   expanded, making room for his cum to surge through.  She stopped, with
   almost half his cock in her mouth, and used her tongue to tickle the
   underside of the head.  She got her reward in the form of a thick stream
   of sperm, rushing into her mouth and splashing against the back of her
   throat.  It was followed by another, fuller, thicker stream of salty jism.
   Jeff's cock pulsed and spurted into her mouth, creating a thick, heavy
   pool of sperm in her mouth.  She slid back up his shaft, sucking the last
   drops from the head before she swallowed his warm cum, gulping noisily
   several times.  
        Bev kissed and licked Jeff's body, working her way up from his cock.
   She pressed her full breasts against his semi-hard cock and kissed his
   stomach, then moved higher and sucked his nipples.  She took her time,
   arriving at his lips just as he was fully hard again.  Bev reached down
   and placed the head of his cock to her sopping pussy, sliding it part way
   inside her.  
        "Now, I'm going to fuck YOU!", She said softly. "Naked and helpless."
        With that, she sat down on Jeff, impaling herself on his rigid cock.
   Both of them groaned. Bev worked her hips up and down, back and forth, and
   side to side, stirring her juices with Jeff's tool.  She leaned forward
   and pressed each pink, rosy nipple to his lips and told him to suck, and
   he did, listening to her hiss at him to suck harder.  The more he sucked,
   the wilder her gyrations became, until she began slamming her ass down on
   his cock with her full weight rapidly.  Bev came, arching her back and
   clutching her tits hard, Jeff's hands on her hips, holding her tight on
   his upraised cock.   
        Bev fell forward, breathing heavily and sweating. Her pussy was still
   spasming around Jeff's hardness.  Jeff moved his hips, slowly moving in
   and out of her, just an inch or so.  
        "Here's my cum.", Jeff whispered in her ear.
        Jeff's cock surged and gushed sperm into Bev once again, and she
   shuddered with each pulse of his cock. She felt his cream wash her insides
   and then form a warm pool around his cock.  
        The two of them awoke about an hour later, still joined, with Bev on
   top of Jeff.  They kissed and touched for another half hour, then showered
   again.  Jeff asked Bev to dine with him that evening, and she countered
   with asking him to dine with her instead.  Jeff agreed, and they set up a
   meeting by the dining room.   
    
        Jeff dressed nicely for dinner, wearing loose, white cotton slacks,
   and an airy cotton shirt.  He left the first three buttons of the shirt
   undone, since the heat was still evident. He glanced at his watch, then
   sauntered over to the dining room to await Bev's arrival with her friends.  
        Just a few minutes past the appointed time, Bev turned the corner,
   walking with two other women.  Jeff's eyes relished in the vision Bev
   presented, wearing an azure blue dress which made her orange hair much
   more evident, and flattered her lovely figure.  Then he noticed who her
   companions were.  The shapely older woman and the knockout blonde he'd
   seen on the nude beach earlier in the day! 
        Bev introduced Jeff to her Aunt Margo, and to her cousin Michelle,
   Margo's youngest daughter.  Jeff flattered Margo by telling her that she
   was much too young to have a daughter Michelle's age, and then flattered
   Michelle by telling her that her green eyes sparkled like emeralds.  
        "You're the guy we saw on the beach earlier.", Michelle said
   abruptly. "Don't you remember Mom?" 
        "Oh yes.", Margo said, looking Jeff over again, "I didn't recognize
   you with your clothes on."
        Jeff blushed slightly. "Mother!", "Aunt Margo!", the girls cried,
   chastising her for making Jeff blush.  
        "Well, I must confess", Jeff replied, "I would have never guessed
   that you were Michelle's mother.  You are in terrific shape." 
        "Thank you Jeff.", Margo smiled, "I appreciate your noticing."
        "Well, I'm starved.", Bev said, "let's go eat!"
        The four of them entered the dining room, and chatted while waiting
   in line for the buffet-style line to move.  Michelle and Margo had come to
   the island, it turned out, as a mutual reward.  Michelle had graduated
   from school as a straight-A student, and gone to work for a computer
   company, and Margo had trimmed up and slimmed down after her divorce.  Bev
   interjected that she was here to keep an eye on the two of them.   
        Jeff laughed. "Is someone the acting chaperone tonight?"
        Three voices answered almost in unison. "Not me!"  The four of them
   laughed heartily.  They gathered their food and sat at a small table, the
   conversation taking second place.   
        "Hmmmm.", Jeff said. "Try the chicken, it's fabulous."
        "This lasagna is really good.", Bev said.
        "Did you get one of the stuffed potatoes?", Michelle asked.
        They ate in silence for a few moments.
        "Nothing kills a conversation like good food." Margo said to the
   others. "This is really outstanding for a buffet."
        "That girl in the gym told me of a great place in town that serves
   terrific Italian.", Michelle said.  
        "Really?", Bev asked. Michelle nodded, her eyes wide.
        As the dinner line thinned, a band began playing exotic, rhythmic
   music, and Michelle asked Bev if she would mind letting if she and Jeff
   took to the dance floor.  She didn't mind, and Michelle and Jeff found
   that they danced well together.  Michelle was smaller than Bev, and moved
   with the grace of a cat.  No sooner had Jeff and Michelle returned than
   Bev took him back out for the next dance.  Jeff didn't mind, even though
   he felt the sweat trickle down his back.  Bev danced well too, and the
   looks that she passed to him were clearly intended to remind him of
   earlier.   
        Jeff and Bev came back from the dance floor, and Michelle announced
   her intention to "powder her nose", so Bev went with her.  Some slow music
   played, and Margo and Jeff looked at each other.  
        "Well?", said Jeff, "I've danced with the others, shall we?"
        Margo smiled, hesitated for a moment then accepted.  Jeff had taken
   some lessons years ago when he'd wanted to date a dancer, only to find out
   that she didn't like to dance for fun.  The lessons weren't completely
   wasted at least.   
        Margo and Jeff danced easily, until Margo leaned against him just a
   little closer than necessary. They continued dancing, well aware of the
   effect they were having on each other.  Jeff, the younger man, the "stud",
   dancing with Margo.  And Margo, the mature, experienced, straight-forward
   woman, dancing with the younger man.   
        "Hmmm, the things I'd do to you if I were fifteen years younger." She
   said softly.  
        Jeff smiled. "You look quite able to me.", He replied.
        Margo smiled and looked admiringly at Jeff. No bashful young stud
   here, she thought.  "More than able hon.", Margo replied, letting the
   unspoken word, willing, hang in the air between them.   
        The music ended abruptly, and the dancers began milling about.  Jeff
   and Margo eyed each other for a moment, then returned to their seats.
   They found Bev and Michelle waiting. 
        "It's so nice to find someone who can really dance.", Margo said,
   covering her own slight embarrassment. "You girls ought to slow dance with
   him, quite a treat." 
        "Mom, you're becoming a lecherous divorcee.", Michelle kidded her.
        "Michelle knows a good hot spot in town.", Bev added, "Are you game?"
        "Sure.", Jeff replied.
        "Well, you guys run along and have fun.", Margo said. "I won't wait
   up for you, as long as you don't wait up for me!" 
        The girls laughed and said good-bye, and Jeff escorted them both out
   of the dinning room.   
        "God, I'm so embarrassed Jeff.", Michelle said.
        "About what?", Jeff asked, looking down at the slim blonde.
        "My mother!", Michelle said, slapping his hand at playing dumb. "She
   really is getting...well...man-hungry." 
        "So?", Jeff asked. "She's an adult. Let her have some fun, like you'd
   want to have some fun." 
        "Besides Michelle, didn't you say you had a great idea for Jeff?",
   Bev added, looking over at her cousin. 
        "I thought we were going to a night-club.", Jeff said.
        "Silly.", Michelle replied. "That was to get the three of us alone.
   Mom made it quite clear after you passed us on the beach today that she'd
   jump your bones if given the chance." 
        "Hmmm.", Jeff said idly, "Perhaps I ought to go back and..."
        "Not a chance buster!", Bev snapped. "You're ours for tonight!"
        "Ours? Ours? As in yours and Michelle's?", Jeff asked, as if he
   didn't understand.   
        "Yep, all ours, all night, as long as you can stand it.", Bev smiled.
        "Or as long as it stands.", Michelle laughed.
        The three of them went to Jeff's room.
    
        In the room, the girls told Jeff to take his clothes off and to turn
   out the lights.  They disappeared into the bathroom together, giggling
   over some devious plan.  Jeff began undressing, and turned out the lights,
   climbing onto the bed.  The room was very dark, and he saw only shadows
   appear from the bathroom.   
        Soft flesh found his leg, a breast moving sensuously up his shin. A
   hand found his thigh on the other side, caressing him lightly.  There was
   no need to arouse him, as Jeff already was fully erect and willing.  A
   mouth slipped over the head of his cock, and slid down halfway, the tongue
   swirling around the tip.  Lips pressed against his nipple and sucked,
   making him moan softly.  The mouth on his glans sent small electric shocks
   through him, and he felt a hand slid between his legs and cup his testes.  
        Bev moved and knelt along side the bed, whispered into his ear,
   "Naked and helpless."  
        Jeff moaned softly and Bev took his hands, guiding them to her full
   breasts. "Naked and helpless.", she said again.  Jeff fondled her tits and
   then felt Bev's hands at his wrists.  A loud clicking noise rattled his
   ears and he felt the cold metal around his wrists. 
        "What the?", Jeff said, a little alarmed.
        "Relax.", Michelle said. "This is for your benefit, your pleasure."
        Bev led Jeff from the bed to the far wall near the foot of the bed.
   She found what she was looking for, a projecting beam that ended just
   inside Jeff's room.  Some rustling activity and Michelle said she was
   ready.  Jeff felt Bev tie something to his shackles, and the turn him
   around. His arms were raised over his head until his arms were fully
   extended.   
        Michelle turned on the room lights and Jeff felt his cock twitch. She
   was nude, wearing a leather harness that criss-crossed her breasts, then
   dove between her legs.  The leather straps were adorned with shiny studs,
   attaching with chrome buckles.  Her wrists had leather manacles which Bev
   now fastened to Michelle's harness, holding the blonde's wrists at her
   sides. Bev was completely naked, and her fair skin contrasted sharply to
   her cousin's even, all-over tan.   
        Jeff was facing the foot of the bed, his cock sticking straight out,
   arms high above his head.  He looked up and saw the thin rope that tied
   his hands to the beam, and the rope came down, tied off at the foot of a
   heavy dresser.  He had no doubt that he could have pulled hard and
   loosened his bonds, but he was also eager to see what these women had
   planned for him. 
        Bev brought Michelle over to Jeff, pulling her by the arm roughly.
        "On your knees.", she said gruffly, pushing her cousin down. Michelle
   knelt in front of Jeff, looking frail, helpless. "Now suck his cock." 
        Michelle moved forward and took his cock into her mouth, sucking him
   about halfway down. Jeff moaned, watching his cock disappear into her
   mouth. After a few moments, Bev again ordered Michelle. 
        "I said SUCK!", the redhead said sharply. He forced Michelle head
   further down Jeff's straining cock, making the blonde gag slightly. "Suck
   it!", Bev spat out, again shoving Michelle's head.  This time Michelle
   took all of Jeff into her mouth, and he could feel the head in her silken
   throat. Bev grabbed Michelle's hair and used her to fuck Jeff's cock,
   until Jeff's hips began to move forward.  
        "Enough.", Bev commanded, pulling Michelle off Jeff's rod. "Lay down
   on the bed."   
        Michelle complied, and Bev moved her around so that Jeff could see
   the blonde bush that covered her pussy.  Bev spread the girl's legs and
   slid two fingers into her, pumping them in and out slowly.  Jeff's cock
   jumped at the sight, and he stared at the tableau before him.   
        Bev fingered Michelle until she began tossing her head from side to
   side. Then she pulled her around until her head hung over the edge of the
   bed.  Bev backed her naked body up until Michelle's head was between her
   thighs, long blonde hair hanging down to the floor.  
        "Suck me off.", Bev commanded her.
        Michelle lifted her head and began licking her cousin's orange-furred
   pussy, making wet kissing noises as her tongue flicked all around.  After
   a few moments, Bev reached down and pulled the blonde's head between her
   legs, gyrating her hips against the girl's face.  That not only supported
   Michelle's head, but gave Jeff a raging purple hard-on of all time.   
        "Eat me.", Bev hissed. "Make me cum all over your face."  Michelle
   moaned into Bev's reddish snatch, her own hips undulating on the bed. Jeff
   watched Bev's face flush, and the flush covered her chest too.  Her eyes
   closed and her mouth hung open.  She began to tremble, slightly at first,
   then her breasts began to shake along with her thighs. 
        "Uh-huh! Yes! Uh-huh! Ohhhh!", Bev cried out, shaking and pulling on
   Michelle's hair.  The redhead came, her face contorting with her orgasm,
   and her body shook, making her tits wobble sensuously.  After a moment,
   she stood upright and moved away from Michelle's head.   
        "On the floor.", Bev called out, pulling Michelle to her feet. Jeff
   saw the blonde's face what slick and shiny with Bev's cream, and Michelle
   made no move to lick or wipe it from her face.  Bev positioned the blond
   on her back, then took two pieces of rope, tying the blonde's legs at the
   ankles, then high in the air, knees bent.  The rope was tied off against
   the leather harness she wore.  Now Michelle was spread before Jeff, her
   cunt fully exposed.  He could see her labia glistening wetly. 
        Bev knelt down and sucked the blonde pussy, making lots of slurping,
   smacking noises.  Her orange hair shook as she tossed her head from side
   to side, licking and sucking Michelle's pussy. She brought Michelle within
   a second of orgasm then stopped.  
        "NO! Don't stop! Please! Don't stop!", Michelle pleaded.
        Bev sat up, smiling and wiping Michelle's cream from her face. She
   rose and stood in front of Jeff, then wiped Michelle's juice over his
   lips, face, and cheeks.  Jeff licked her fingers off, sucking each one of
   them to taste the blonde.   
        Bev turned and opened her purse, pulling out a long double-headed
   dildo that she'd curled up inside it.  One end she inserted into her own
   pussy, then she knelt and pushed the other end into Michelle.  
        Bev looked up at Jeff. "You wanna watch me fuck her?"
        "Ohhh, God yes!", Jeff moaned.
        Bev slid the long shaft deep into Michelle, then began to rock the
   two of them back and forth. Michelle's hips rocked wildly, and after a few
   moments, she began to climax, moaning and straining at her bonds.  Bev
   took a few seconds longer, coming just as Michelle stopped.  Now Bev rose
   slowly, and took the dildo out of their cunts.  She stood in front of
   Jeff, holding the plastic cock to his face. 
        "Suck it!", Bev commanded. "Lick my cum off of it."
        Jeff did, and Bev pushed it into his mouth until he gagged slightly.
   The other end she used to spread Michelle's juices all over his face. When
   she was satisfied, Bev pulled the dildo from Jeff's mouth and returned to
   Michelle. 
        Michelle had watched, her hips rocking sexually the whole time. Now
   Bev pushed the dildo into Michelle and fucked her with it, pumping it in
   and out of her sopping cunt with one hand, pulling on Michelle's nipples
   with the other.  Michelle whimpered and shook, climaxing twice more while
   Bev fucked her with the thick dildo.  Bev continued until Michelle was on
   the brink of her fourth orgasm before she stopped, making the blonde moan.  
   Bev released Michelle's hands. 
        "Strip off that stuff.", Bev said. "I want you completely naked."
        Michelle's hands flew over the restraints and buckles, and quickly
   she was bare.  Bev pulled the girl's face to her pussy and commanded her
   to suck.  Michelle did, reaching up and pulling on Bev's nipples, making
   the redhead gasp several times.  Jeff had a wonderful view of Michelle
   kneeling between Bev's legs, her own ass pointed at him, and her gaping
   pussy leaking her thick white cream down thighs.  
        "Are you ready?", Bev asked Michelle, lifting the blonde's face from
   her cunt.  Michelle nodded and looked back over her shoulder at Jeff, her
   face once again glistening with Bev's creamy wetness. 
        Michelle lay with her head between Jeff's feet, and Bev knelt between
   Michelle's legs.  Once again they pushed the double-headed dildo into
   their cunts and began rocking each other.  This time, Michelle wrapped her
   legs around Bev's waist.  They found the rhythm they wanted.  Bev looked
   up at Jeff, who's eyes were glazed with a lustful glare. His cock stood
   straight out, throbbing and jerking, the head turning purple.   
        Bev looked down at Michelle, and the blonde cupped her pert tits,
   then opened her mouth.  Jeff saw her, then looked at Bev.  Bev cupped her
   full tits together, squeezing them over and over, pulling on her nipples
   until they stretched her tits.  
        "Naked and Helpless.", Bev said. "Shoot your cum all over us."
        Jeff groaned, and arched his back, trying to move his cock closer to
   Bev's open mouth.  He came, spurting a long stream of sperm through the
   air, right onto Bev's tits.  His cock jerked again, and another stream
   leapt from his cock, spraying as his cock jerked upwards, painting a white
   line of thick cum up Bev's stomach, tits, neck, and face. A third squirt
   shot out, this one starting on Michelle's blonde covered mons and
   streaking up to Bev's belly.  Each time his cock relaxed, thick drops of
   Jeff's sperm dripped onto Michelle, splattering her left nipple, neck, and
   chin.  Michelle watched the sperm gush from Jeff's cock, orgasming as she
   heard it splat against Bev. She felt the spray of it landing on her legs,
   and her stomach. She couldn't stand it anymore.  
        After Jeff's third gush, Michelle reached up and grabbed Jeff's
   throbbing cock, pointing it straight down and milking it. She watched the
   drop of jism at the tip of his cock fill, then streak towards her face.
   She opened her mouth just in time to capture Jeff's fourth stream of hot
   sperm on her tongue.  Pumping him, harder, she continued to orgasm as more
   warm cum landed on her chest with an audible splat.   
        Bev watched Michelle milking Jeff's cock onto her face and tits, her
   own pussy clenching the dildo in her cunt hard, over and over.  Her hands
   slipped over her sperm drenched tits, and she felt the warm semen drip
   from her chin to run down between her tits.  The cum running down her
   belly to her clit tickled slightly and when she realized the volume of
   sperm that Jeff had shot she orgasmed once again.   
        Michelle released Jeff's cock, letting the last drop fall onto the
   tip of her nose.  Her body was wracked with mini-orgasms as the creamy cum
   trickled down her sides and neck.  Michelle looked down at Bev, and her
   cunt clamped down on the dildo hard enough for Bev to feel it.  Bev's chin
   was a white, glistening mass of sperm, dripping onto her soaking wet tits.  
        Almost as one, the girls looked at each other, then moved towards
   each other, flexing the semi-rigid plastic cock in their cunts and giving
   themselves miniature orgasms.  Michelle licked Bev's chin, then shoved
   kissed her, using her tongue to shove the thick cum from her mouth to her
   cousin's.  They licked it, and swallowed, then Michelle licked Bev's chin,
   sharing the remaining jizz with her redheaded cousin.  Michelle broke the
   kiss, then began licking sperm from Bev's tits, pressing her face between
   the soft, jism covered mounds of flesh.   
        Slowly the two girls returned to the here and now, looking at each
   other and laughing briefly.  Bev stood, pulling the dildo from her pussy,
   then from Michelle's.  Michelle's pussy released the invader with a loud
   "schlurp", getting laughs from all three.   
        Michelle reached over and untied the rope from the dresser leg,
   letting Jeff's semi-numb arms down.  Bev unlocked the restraints.  
        "That was so incredible!", Jeff said.  The girls had been so hot that
   they'd gotten Jeff off without touching him!  Jeff moved his arms, trying
   to get circulation back, and Michelle sat up, licking a reluctant drop of
   his cum from the tip of his cock.   
        "It was Michelle's idea actually.", Bev said. "She likes kinky
   stuff." 
        The three of them turned out the lights and crawled into bed. The
   next three hours became a mass of hot, sweating flesh, wet smacking of
   lips against wet pussies, cock in one cunt, then another, mouths on
   nipples, and finally thick cum in Michelle's tight cunt.  Bev sucked his
   jism from her cousin's pussy, and Michelle ate Bev to orgasm.  Thoroughly
   fucked out, the three curled up in the warm bed, and slept. 
    
   ...next: Go Mom, go! 
    
--
