VALENTINE'S DAY
(copyright 1994 by Bonni Hall)

	"Fucking engineers," he muttered as he shut the door with a bang.
He walked into the apartment and tossed his jacket on a chair, and she
looked up at him with a smile.
	She was curled up on the couch with a paperback book, dressed in
one of his t-shirts and a pair of panties, with pink socks on her feet.
He loosened his tie as he glanced at her. 
	"What are you doing here?" he asked brusquely.
	She bit the inside of her cheek to keep from making the retort
which sprang to mind.  He got like this sometimes.  No point in making
it worse.
	"Waiting for you," she answered finally, trying to keep her voice
as calm as possible.
	"What's that smell?" he asked suddenly.  "You cooking?"
	"It's beef stew," she replied.  "I am good for more than just....
you know."
	He seemed to relax as he pulled the tie off.  "Yes," he agreed,
his tone of voice somewhat softer, "I do know."
	"Here, let me help you," she volunteered as he started on the buttons
of his Oxford shirt.  Setting the book aside, she walked over to him, took
the tie out of his hand and lay it with his jacket, and then stooped down to
help him out of his shoes.  Then she stood up and started on the buttons.  
With each button she undid, her hand slipped into his shirt and caressed his
warm skin....finally she tugged the tails out and put her arms around him,
inside the shirt, pressing her cheek to his shoulder.
	He dropped a kiss on top of her head, a display of gentle affection
which surprised her.  She knew he was passionate, knew he was a magnificent
sexual entity, but even after all this time, his little gestures of
affection still took her unawares.  Like the time he sent her a rose for,
apparently, no reason at all.....
	She kissed his chest and inhaled the musky fragrance of his skin,
her senses reeling.  Then her fingers slid down his body to the top of his
pants and she quickly undid the button, but had a bit more trouble getting
the zipper down....he already had an erection, bulging against the fly....
	She grabbed the top of his pants and his shorts all at once, and
then just slid them down....his lovely stiff member was right in her face
as she did it.  She paused, hands still on the pants which were now around
his ankles, and gave his cock a kiss, and she was rewarded with a groan....
	"I never knew my shirt could look so good," he commented, touching
the fabric of the t-shirt she had on.
	"Ah, well, it looks better on the floor, actually," she answered
with a smile.  And she lifted her arms.  He took the hint immediately and
pulled the T-shirt over her head, tossing it aside.  One of his hands went
immediately to cup one of her full breasts....the other arm went around her
waist, pulling her close to his own body.
	"Yes, I see that it does look better over there on the floor," he
murmered huskily, his hand still massaging her breast erotically.
	She sighed and leaned against him....her knees were getting weak....
and when he lowered his head to kiss her neck, she let her head roll to
the side, giving him full access to her tender flesh....
	His teeth and lips played with her skin, sending delicious shivers
of arousal through her body....his hand played with her breast, his fingers
gently pinching her hard nipple....
	"Ohhhh, yes," she sighed.
	He stopped and looked at her with his intensely dark eyes, and she
felt a shiver of anticipation.  Wordlessly, he extended his hand to her....
she put her hand in his and let him lead her to the bedroom.
	The bed was unmade.  She hadn't gotten out of it very long ago,
actually, and she rarely bothered to make any bed, her own or someone else's.
So the sheets were rumpled and mussed, the pillows askew.  She started to
lay down, but he stopped her, and tugged at her panties....she laughed at
his eagerness, but wiggled her hips to make the cotton underwear slide
down...and then she stepped out of them and got into the bed, spreading
out on her back.
	He was in the bed with her in just a second, his hands all over
her, his mouth setting her on fire with kisses on her flesh....when he
kissed her mouth, she eagerly returned his kiss.  She sucked his lower lip
into her mouth....then thrust her tongue into his sweet mouth, rubbing
against his tongue, the roof of his mouth....she caught his tongue and
gently sucked it....
	Oh, but his hands were driving her crazy....his fingers were teasing
her pussy now...just playing with the hair on her lips....she wiggled her
hips in frustration and he slid his fingers into her wetness, stroking
her hard clit....she moaned and whimpered, kissing him with more abandon,
her own hand sliding down to find the hard cock that was rubbing her leg.
	Her fingers wrapped around his shaft and she sighed with pleasure.
In response, he slid two fingers into her hot sheath, still rubbing her clit
with his thumb, making her squirm and whisper her usual nonsense....oh, yes,
yes, oh, that's so good....oh, more, MORE.....he groaned aloud when he felt
her tighten around his fingers, her juices gushing onto his hand, her back
arching as she gasped for air and tossed her head in the throes of orgasm.
	She was scarcely finished when he withdrew his fingers, making her
whimper a complaint.
	"I want to eat your pussy," he murmured huskily.  "Turn around."
	She groaned and moved aside so that he could position himself on
his back, arms outstretched as he waited for her to climb onto his body.
But when she did....his hands were on the cheeks of her ass, one thumb
caressing her hole gently, his tongue buried in the sleek folds ofher very 
wet pussy.  His hard cock was in her face....she grabbed it with her hand 
and kissed it, and then ran her tongue around the head of it, her other hand 
caressing his balls.  She pumped her pussy against his face as she pulled 
the head of his cock into her mouth and sucked it her tongue rubbing 
around the head of it, her hand pumping him as she sucked.  His tongue 
moved to her clit, and she shuddered her pleasure and sucked harder.
	His mouth was driving her crazy, and she whimpered and squirmed
against him as his fingers slid into her, and then one finger poked gently
at her ass, sending little thrills through her.  The more he pleasured her,
the more she wanted to please him, using her hands and her mouth to do it....
	She came again....and again....spreading her juices all over his
face and his fingers, tasting his own salty pre-come on her tongue as she
sucked him.  Finally, she couldn't take any more....she simply *had* to get
that nice, fat cock where it would do the most good.
	She lifted her head, gasping for air....she was coming again....
and when she got her breath she managed to gulp, "Please, baby....I need
it...I need to fuck you...NOW."
	"Hop on," he answered, after giving her pussy one final swipe with
his tongue.  "Go for it."
	She didn't need to be told twice!  Just as soon as she could
turn around and staddle his hips, she had that big, hard cock in her pussy,
buried as deep as it would go.  She sat upright and started to sway her 
hips, groaning and mumbling nonsense words, telling him how good it was,
how much she loved having that cock inside her like this.  His hands were
on her breasts, massaging and caressing, and she put her own hands on his
and rode him slowly, her first orgasm building very gradually.  She could
feel it, her pussy getting tighter and tighter as she got more and more
excited.
	"Ahhh....you feel it?" she asked him, her voice husky with passion.
He only nodded, but he started to move his own hips, and she cried out,
riding him a bit faster, climax overtaking her at last, squeezing the hell
out of him, she knew.
	She fell forward, her breasts rubbing on his chest, weight on her
hands, and started rocking in earnest.  She came again, he groaned as she
did, and the sound of the passion in his deep voice made her come again
almost immediately, and the gyrations of his hips drove her over the top
again.
	He sat up, his cock still inside her, his hands around her waist,
and rather neatly twisted his body so that her legs were wrapped around
his waist, and she was held between his own legs.  It was precarious, but
*so* incredibly good....his cock was so deep inside her, and they were
rocking back and forth, needing each other for balance and support.  Her
nails dug into his flesh...not too hard, she hoped...as she came again,
and in just a second his own fingers grasped her flesh, and he groaned,
his body shuddering with pleasure as he spent himself into her body.
In a second, she could feel his cock jerking rhythmically inside of her.
	Finally, exhausted and sated, he lay back on the bed and she
rolled aside, cuddling up against him, her head nestled on his shoulder.
She threw one leg across his thighs, too, for added contact, and was very
pleased when he put his arm around her and held her close.  His heart was
still beating hard as they lay there together, catching their breath, 
enjoying the afterglow.
	Eventually, she disengaged herself enough to look into his face,
into his dark eyes.  
	"Happy Valentine's Day," she said softly.
