Copyright 1997 Ashley@cythera.com.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may also be
contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.


Hello!

I'm sorry to take so long to write everyone.  All of a sudden I've been
getting more email (I love it!  Don't stop!) and some other stuff.  Spring
Break has been very cool.  The weather finally got weird enough I could
finish writing about Valentine's Day.  As I always do, I want to share it
with you guys first!  Since I sort of know you, I should admit that I've
filled in a little of the detail as well as I can, but maybe not exactly
how it was.  I wasn't taking notes at the time or anything.

Luv ya!

Ash
---
HAPPY VALENTINE'S!



"A Valentine Story"

Written By:   Ashley


What an unbelievably great Valentine's weekend.  On Friday, Valentine's
Day, I went out with Tommy.  I felt bad about Daddy, home alone.  The last
woman he slept with that I know of (besides me), Mrs. Trefethen, was
married anyway.  He said it didn't matter, that Valentine's didn't mean
anything to him, but I think he was just encouraging me to have a good
time.  We agreed we'd make up for it on Saturday.

The night with Tommy was pleasant enough, but nothing really to write home
- or you - about.  We had dinner at an Italian place near the University,
then went to see Star Wars which was still completely sold out.  I'd never
seen it before, even on TV, and while it was pretty good it seemed kind of
childish to be the all-time biggest movie ever.  The wookie was pretty
cool, though.  Afterwards, back at Tommy's house, the sex was good.  It's
always more difficult there, because his parents always seem to be
hovering.  I mean, his door is closed, but it feels like they're right
outside listening and I have to work at being really quiet.

I wonder, sometimes, what would really happen if I made a lot of noise.
"Oh, Tommy, fuck me, that's it, baby" kinds of things.  I think his parents
would be too embarrassed to do anything and it would be lots more fun for
me.  But Tommy would be really angry and it's possible his parents would
try to break us up or something.  So I was quiet and the orgasm wasn't
quite as good as when we're at my house and it took a lot longer to come.
It's always easier in my room.

I got home around one in the morning.  Daddy sat upright in bed, watching
some Steven Segal movie he'd rented, mostly asleep.  I kissed him goodnight
and reached under the covers for his cock, but he really was tired.  I knew
that he knew (that I knew that he knew . . .) that Tommy had already
softened my sexual edges.  Although it would have been nice, a more perfect
Valentine's, I thought, Daddy was just too tired.  Tomorrow night, he said.

We exchanged gifts after dinner at home.  I gave Daddy a card and a small
box of chocolate covered cherries.  He doesn't really eat a lot of
chocolate, but it's traditional, you know?  We both had one for dessert.

He gave me a card and said the present was in the card.  Money, I figured,
or maybe lottery tickets.  But it wasn't that at all.  Inside, he'd written:

THIS CARD is good for one massage.  Your masseuse will be Erica, who
learned her skills in Australia and refined them in California before
coming here.  She has mastered several forms, including deep tissue and
reiki, but specializes in holistic erotic massage.  Erica will be here at
eight pm.

"I can't take all the credit for the idea," Daddy said.  "One of your
admirers wrote to MrDouble, the guy who runs the Web site where you posted
that chocolate penis story, who forwarded the email to me.  In it he
suggested we get you this present, and he said he'd contribute fifty
dollars.  Hope you like it, pumpkin."

Actually, I was a little disappointed at that moment.  I wanted to cuddle
with Daddy for Valentine's, but eight o'clock was only a half hour away.  I
hardly had time to take a bath.

"Thanks, Daddy," I said, "this will be wonderful."  I had no idea!

"Oh, by the way," he said, "while she doesn't know about what we do, the
sex and all, she gave me the impression she won't be too concerned, either."

"Who cares?" I asked.  "How would she know?"

I was a little nervous.  First, what to wear: I decided it didn't matter
but exposed skin was probably good, so I put on a blue Universal Studios
T-shirt and tied it under my breasts.  Clean underwear and white shorts,
nothing on my feet.  Brushing my teeth, I tried to imagine a professional
massage.  I hoped it wouldn't hurt too much, all that chopping and squeezing.

Erica turned out to be really pretty.  I could tell Daddy wanted to gobble
her up and I felt jealous for a few seconds, then wondered if I should let
him get the massage.  She had long blonde hair, just like you'd expect from
where she's from.  A cute figure, she was only about 5'4", and a cheerful
face with big blue eyes and a tiny nose and perfect teeth.  And, since I
know you want to know, nice tits.  Not huge, just nice.  She told me she
was 24.

When we got to my room, I sat on the bed, waiting for a clue how this worked.

"Would you like the door closed?" Erica asked.

"Not really," I said.  "Maybe half way."

The radio was on, Sheryl Crow or something, which was fine with me, but
Erica asked if she could play a tape she'd brought.  It was her thing, so I
said sure, and she popped this new age music into my machine.  It wasn't my
kind of music, but it was OK.  It was the sort of thing Daddy listens to a
lot.  She walked up to me and put a hand on my shoulder -- a really warm,
soft hand.

"Ready to start?" she asked.

"Sure.  How do we start?"

"Most of my clients take off their clothes, then lie on the bed face down.
I have some oil that doesn't stain, but the better oil does.  If you'd like
the good stuff, you should probably turn down the covers."

A minute later I lay on my stomach, naked, on thankfully clean white
sheets.  I heard her rustling around and I turned my head to look.  She was
taking off all her clothes except for very lacy black panties that you
could sort of see through except there was so much decoration on them.  I
figured that this was why she asked about closing the door.  I hoped Daddy
would walk by and get a look at her.

Sitting on the edge of the bed, she rubbed oil between her hands then put
them on my back, pressing lightly.  Her hands had the lightest touch.  She
stroked me down to my bare butt and back up to my shoulders.  I sunk my
head deeper into the pillow.  This felt wonderful!

Erica worked on my back, usually with a feathery light touch, but sometimes
she'd hit a spot and dig with her finger like she was making a hole in the
ground to bury a seed in.  This hurt in a delightful way, if you know what
I mean.  After my back, she did my legs, rubbing each one for minutes, the
whole length from my ankle to within an inch of my pussy.  Each time her
hands moved up I wondered if she might touch my pussy by accident.  Almost
-- so very, very close -- but never quite.  I surprised myself by hoping
for the accident.

She rubbed my butt.  This sensation, entirely new if you don't count how
sometimes a guy will grab it with both hands just before he comes inside
you, and when he does you're focused more on his cock and your clit and
your insides than on whatever's going on for an ass massage, this sensation
is very erotic.  

I began to speculate while she did my feet.  Everything she did seemed
calculated to turn me on, but she was a massage person.  And I'd never done
anything with a woman, not really, what I had done with Jennifer was just
curiosity not lust.  I'd never talked to Daddy about being with a woman, so
I assumed a massage would be a massage.  But it sure seemed like she was
encouraging something more like sex than just rubbing.

She switched to the other end of me.  Sitting near my head, she pulled my
arm into her lap.  I left it completely limp, which was pretty much how I
was feeling, and Erica stroked it.  The smooth warmth of her legs excited
me - I don't know what else to call the sensation.  My arm prickled.  I had
fantasized about being with a woman before, and now Erica who I didn't know
at all seemed available and willing.  But it had only been fantasies, and I
couldn't be sure she wouldn't be shocked.  It seemed like she wanted
something like that, but how could I be sure?  I also wasn't sure I was
ready to finish what I felt like starting.

I touched her hip, rubbing her back a little, being friendly.  Moving my
hand down her thigh, I brought it back up to rub the inside of her leg just
about her knee.  Her legs spread apart for me, not a lot but enough to make
me think I was on the right track.  The tape stopped and she lifted my arm
back to my side.

"You can turn over whenever you're ready," she said softly.  Everything
seemed very soft at that moment.

I rolled on to my back.  She turned over the tape and climbed on to the
bed, kneeling above me.  I admired her body but I was really drawn to the
smile on her face.  Erica had really kind eyes, not at all like the women
who seem to think they're so much better than you.  Rubbing more oil
between her hands, she seemed to be pondering where to start.  Whatever,
she began at my ankles and worked her magic up my legs.

This time, as her hands moved up to frame my pussy, she could watch my
face.  I closed my eyes and began to fantasize about her fingers rubbing my
clitty and sliding into me.  Perhaps something showed, a twitch of the lips
or something, but the next time her hands moved up that far they brushed
against my pubic hair, sending a thrill through my body.  She changed the
massage subtly, too, so that on the down strokes she put her hands on the
insides of my legs instead of rubbing the tops.  I knew I was getting wet.
And if I knew it, she knew it.

"Does this feel good?" she asked.

"Mm hmm," I think I said.  I felt more liquidy than talkative.

"Let me know what else would feel good for you, Ashley."

Jeez, I really wanted her to make all the moves here.  I didn't want to
embarrass her or myself by asking for the wrong thing.

"I love how you're rubbing me," I mumbled ambiguously.

She straddled my knees.  On her next trip up with her hands, they didn't
stop at my waist but continued all the way to my breasts.  I felt her
nipples brush my legs as her hands began to knead my chest in a way I'd
never felt before.  She paid the most attention to the bottom part, below
my nipples, her fingers tapping independently like she was playing a piano.
 She'd tap on my nipples a little, then she'd sit back.  Her hands slid
down my body.

This wavy motion continued, hands moving up, each time a millimeter closer
to my pussy, massaging my breasts, the moving back down and gaining another
millimeter.  The anticipation was killing me!  I raised my leg a little to
give her a little encouragement and I felt her panties with my knee.  Even
with only a knee, I could tell she was wet.  She pushed back a tiny bit and
I slid my knee side to side, not exactly sure who was rubbing who down there.

When she leaned back we lost that contact and I made a pouting face.  The
next trip up she used her thumbs to rub the lips of my pussy.  My smile was
enormous.  I kept my eyes closed, afraid to risk looking.

I thought she would keep doing my pussy, but instead she lay alongside me,
her breasts touching mine, and she stroked my face with her fingers.  I put
a hand over her breast, not really able to touch hers the same way she
touched me because of how we were lying, but she didn't seem to care.  She
let out a little sound from her throat that made me feel warm all over.

"Tell me," Erica said into my ear.

Tell her what? 

"Everything feels so good," I said.  "Your hands are so wonderful.."

I was beginning to feel stupid again, telling her the things everybody must
tell her.

"Tell me," she repeated, and nibbled my earlobe.  I can't describe how good
that little nibble felt.  I knew I wanted her to do more.

"You've really got me turned on," I ventured.  "Can you . . . play with my
pussy some more?"

Her hand traced a wavy line down my front, circling each nipple, then
moving lower.  As slowly as her hand was moving, it got even slower as it
got closer.  At the top of my pussy she put a finger on either side of my
clit, not touching it directly.  I could feel the pressure of her fingers
squeezing and releasing.

I made some kind of loud sound, not a word, but some kind of cross between
a moan and a grunt and a cry as a sensation like a tiny orgasm rushed into
my tummy.  Her lips sucked my nipple into her mouth and I made the sound
again, not as loud.

Erica turned her head toward the door then back.  She licked around my
nipple and continued to squeeze my clit through my pussy lips.

She whispered, "Your . . . the man who hired me is watching from the
doorway.  Is that OK?  Should I close the door?  Tell me."  Her mouth
pulled my other nipple inside.

You know me well enough by now to know I like being watched, so you
shouldn't be too surprised.

"Come on in, Daddy," I said, and immediately regretted the "Daddy" word.
If Erica stopped I would die!

She put her palm over my pussy while bringing her mouth to my ear again.

"You don't have to, you know," she said so softly I could hardly hear her.
"Just because he's your father or just because he's the one who brought me
here.  You're sure you're OK?"

"Erica," I said into her ear, barely sensible with how good her breasts
felt against mine, "I love my Daddy.  I like him to watch me.  I like him
to fuck me.  I love how we make each other so happy."

"OK, honey," she said.  "I just wanted to be sure.  You're not the first
girl to tell me that and they've all seemed quite happy.  Whatever you like."

"Can he touch you, too?" I asked.

"Whatever you like."

Daddy was standing at the foot of the bed, just watching.

"Daddy," I said and patted the bed.  "Sit here."

"How's your Valentine's present, pumpkin?" he asked.  He sat near my
shoulder.  I could tell he was admiring Erica's body and I loved being able
to share her with him.

I took one of his hands and put it over Erica's breast.  I put the other
one on mine.  Through his pants I touched his cock and, feeling how hard it
was, I stroked the length of his zipper with my finger.

We both watched Erica expectantly.  She rose to the occasion, literally,
getting off the bed and standing close.  Daddy's hand never left her until
she put her thumbs into the front of her panties and bent low to pull them
off.  She and I were both naked.  Daddy was seriously overdressed.

Erica put one knee on the bed and pulled my hand off Daddy's lap and put it
on hers.  My hand on her wet pussy!  A woman like me.  I let my finger
slide inside at the same time she unzipped Daddy's pants and opened them.

Daddy stood and nearly tore off his clothes, actually losing a button I
knew I'd have to sew back on.  I tried to be as delicate with Erica as she
had with me, and I tried the squeezing thing with her clitty.  She held my
hand there while she climbed back on top of me and I found myself touching
us both at once.  Erica leaned forward and sucked on a nipple.  I asked
myself if I should call it masturbating if I was doing her at the same time.

Poor Daddy was left standing, his hard cock standing straight out with
nowhere to put it.  He began to masturbate, just a little, pumping himself
very slowly.  His balls were drawn up tight.  I pushed my finger a little
deeper inside her, wriggling it happily in the wet warmth.

Erica looked at me and said, "Tell me."

Too many choices, so I asked, "Daddy?  Do you want to fuck her?  What do
you want?"

"She's your present, pumpkin."  Some pre-cum leaked at the end of his dick.
 His voice wasn't quite normal.

"Would you do my pussy some more, please, Erica?" I asked.   "The way you
do it is so good."

Erica pushed herself down between my legs and spread them with her hands.
She studied my pussy, her face inches away, thinking, planning, I don't
know what.  For almost a minute she did nothing but look and rub the bottom
of my pussy, pulling my pussy lips open from time to time, a surprisingly
good sensation.  It was almost like she was praying to my pussy.

Daddy was masturbating faster now and I began to worry he'd come pretty
soon.  I'm still not sure why I thought that would be a problem.

Finally, Erica slid a finger into me at the same time she reached out her
tongue and licked my clitty.  I can't tell you!

The next few minutes were wondrous.  She licked and touched and stroked my
pussy, rubbing my juice off on my thighs.  Briefly, leaving a finger inside
me, she opened her mouth for Daddy's cock and sucked on him.  It was brief
because almost right away she grabbed the base of his prick and pushed him
out of her mouth just as he shot a big spurt of cum onto my belly.  I put
my hand on his butt just for the contact.  She kept masturbating him,
different from how I do it, kind of twisting her hand as she stroked.  The
smaller spurts dripped down her arm until there wasn't any more.  He sat
down heavily by my head, breathing hard.

She wiped off his cum, first on her breasts and then on the sheets, maybe
because she didn't want any inside me.  Returning to licking my pussy, she
teased like she always did and then put her lips directly on my clitty.  I
came and I came!

If an orgasm pounds through you then subsides and then fills you up again,
is that one or three?  I had however many you decided and it felt incredible!

The three of us lay together in bed for a few minutes.  It was quiet, the
music had stopped sometime earlier.  I felt very warm, very loved, very happy.

"Are you OK, Erica?" Daddy asked.  "You didn't come, I don't think."

"I'm fine, thanks.  Thanks for asking."  She looked from one of us to the
other.  "Maybe next time?"  She looked at me.  "Maybe next time, honey,
you'd like to taste a little of my cunt?"

I never left the bed.  She got dressed and, naked, Daddy took her to the
living room, turning off the lights in my room as he left.  His cock looked
like it might be getting hard again, but I couldn't tell.  I fell asleep.

Sunday morning I asked him about what happened after they left.  He didn't
really say, but I got the idea she stayed a while and that he came again,
which he almost never does.  He looked pretty proud of himself, whatever.

I don't know if there will be a next time for Erica and us.  Daddy wouldn't
tell me what it cost, but I gather it was a lot.  With a little luck,
though, we'll get to do something similar someday, maybe with someone who
just does it because she likes him or me a lot.  In the meantime, we have
each other.

Luv ya.  Please write me back.  I'm still at Ashley@cythera.com.

Bye-bye.













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....



