Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

Vamp (the classic love story of a lesbian vampire school teacher and her
teen age prom queen lover) 
Chapter 1
	Ms. Brixtol thumbed through the thick stack of exams on her desk.
 Every student had done fairly less than what she expect of them, even
Angela.  Angela always got an "A", but for some reason she got a "B" on
this test.  Of course this would be no big deal normally, but since Angela
was consistantly an "A" student and since the entire class had dropped from
their average scores, Ms. Brixtol began wondering if there were perhaps
some fault on her part.	 
It was the last day of class, and she expected
nearly everyone to show up and check their final grades.  It would be hard
breaking the news to Tommy that he would have to take summer school before
graduating and would therefore miss being with the rest of his class. 
There must be something she could do, she thought and she reminded herself
to talk with the principle about it later.For many seniors, Ms. Brixtol's
class would be the last class they would ever take in high school.  It
always felt good to see the glowing look on the students faces as they
watched the clock tick down the last remaining seconds of their 12 years of
school.	For some, they would continue on to colleges or Universities. For
others, they would get jobs or just take a break, but for everyone it was a
major landmark in their lives.
  	The morning light was shining through the
windows.  Damn, she thought, why do the janitors insist on opening the
blinds every night?	Ms. Brixtol stood up from her chair and approached the
windows.  The sun beamed through and she had to turn her face away from the
brightness.  Blindly she waved her hand in the air, feeling for the plastic
rod that controlled the blinds.  She caught it.	
Twisting the rod quickly in
her thin fingers, the room slowly began to darken.  "Thank goodness," she
said as she could better see now to close the other blind.	"Excuse me, Ms.
Brixtol?" a girls voice came from behind her.	
"Yes?" she answered twisting
the last rod and turning to face Angela Treadwell.	Angela was Ms. Brixtol's
favorite student, everybody knew that.  It was to be expected of course,
since Angela was Ms. Brixtols aid and an "A" student.  Her friends often
teased her about being the teachers pet, but that never bothered Angela
that much.  	Angela was very attractive with long black hair, full of body,
and a delicate face.  She crossed the room with her books held to her chest
clutched in her crossed arms.  "You wanted to see me?"	"Yes, Angela," Ms.
Brixtol smiled as she glanced at the closed blinds, pleased that they let
in no external light.  "Thank you for coming early."	
Ms. Brixtol went back
to her desk and non-chalantly riffled through the stack of tests on her
desk.  "I was noticing that you had a little trouble with this test," she
said gently.  "Is something wrong?  Was the test too hard?"	"Oh not at all,
Ms. Brixtol," Angela assured, setting her books on the desk nearest her. 
"I just had a lot on my mind the last couple weeks and I haven't studied as
hard."	Ms. Brixtol smiled, "Well, several students did less than I expected
and I just thought that maybe   didn't teach something right or..."	"The
test was just fine," Angela said, "and you taught it just fine.  I think
eveyone's just excited about graduating that's all."	"Sure," Ms. Brixtol
smiled and set the papers back down.  "I had something else I wanted to
talk to you about too."	"Yes," Angela answered.	"I was wondering if I could
ask you an extreme favor."	"Sure," Angela offered.  "What is it?"	"Well,"
Ms. Brixtol began. "I've gotten so used to you being my assistant that I
didn't realize until after your last day how much I really have to do by
myself."	Angela laughed and added, "I bet.  I had a hard time keeping up
with it when there were two of us!"	Ms. Brixtol laughed back, "Ya, that's
my problem.  That's where my favor comes in.  Could I persuade you to come
over to my place one more time tonight and help me get caught up?  I'll pay
you out of my own pocket. I just really have to get some papers turned in
tomorrow and.."	"No problem," Angela interjected. "I'll help, and you don't
have to pay me."	"I don't want you to miss out on anything tonight," Ms.
Brixtol stated, knowing that there were rumors of at least three "keggers",
as the kids called them, taking place in celebration of the last day of
school.	"No," Angela assured.  "I didn't have any plans tonight anyway."
Angela never seemed to go much for the party scene, Ms. Brixtol noticed. 
That was one of the things she liked so much about her.  This girl was
easily one of the best looking girls in school, if not the best, and yet,
she didn't waste her time messing around with boys, or drugs, or any of the
other "normal" high school activities.  Angela was kind of a straight
arrow.	"Great," Ms. Brixtol smiled.  "I'm so glad you can help me.  I'll
get some goodies so we can have our usually calorie attack."	Both women
were generally very conscious about what they ate, yet whenever they got
together to grade papers or such at Ms. Brixtol's house, they always ate
like pigs.  It was one of the reasons Angela liked helping Ms. Brixtol,
besides the fact that she just plain enjoyed her company.  Ms. Brixtol was
so much different outside of school, Angela thought, If only the other
students knew what she was really like.	Angela even recalled one night when
she helped on a Friday evening after school, when Ms. Brixtol gave her her
first drink, a glass of Jack Daniel's and Coke.  She remembered how strong
it was and how it made her kind of dizzy, but she was glad that she could
safely try it for the first time with someone she trusted. How many
teachers would give a minor alcohol, she wondered?  Probably less then one
in a 100.  Ms. Brixtol was too cool.  No, Angela decided, she wouldn't miss
this for a stupid high school party.	"Are you going to get some of those
orange peanuts?" she teased, referring to her favorite marshmallow junk
food."	"You bet," Ms. Brixtol laughed, "Maybe we can gain 20 pounds
tonight."	"I hope not," Angela laughed and then picked up her books. 
"Well, I have to go clean out my locker before class starts."	"Ok, Angie,"
Ms. Brixtol said as she waved goodbye.  "I'll see you in about a half an
hour."	The class went by way to quickly for Ms. Brixtol.  Everyone was so
distracted with the excitement of the last day, that the usual goggling she
got from the boys was down to a bare minimum.  Being as beautiful as she
was, Ms. Brixtol always had a problem keeping the young men focused on
history and not on her.  Today, was not a problem, they were focused on the
clock instead.	When the bell rang, stacks of papers shot into the air all
around and fluttered to the ground like a snow storm.  Howling boys raced
out the door and into the hall to wreak havoc.  The last day of school
sometimes could be a nightmare for the janitors, but Ms. Brixtol didn't
feel sorry for them.  Some of those janitors made more money than she did.
Angela was one of the last to leave, reassuring that she would be over
around 7 o'clock.	Ms. Brixtol was feeling very lightheaded and Angela's
voice barely registered in her brain as darkness clouded around her.  She
could feel herself lifting her arm to wave at Angela, but she seemed
distant from her actions.  When she said good-bye it was almost as if she
were watching someone else controlling her body.  Then she fell to the
floor in blackness.		The night air was cold, she could tell that.  She
didn't know where she was, but she could see a tall dark-haired man in a
pin-striped suit walking hand and hand with an attractive young woman in
her 20's.	She was seeing them from the back as they walked to the parking
lot and got into the man's car.  Ms. Brixtol recognized the man and her
heart pounded faster in fear.	"Where do you live?" the woman asked smiling
at the evil man.	"Not far," he replied in a cool voice.  "I'll take you
there."	The woman gave her best seductive look as if to say, I'm all yours,
and said, "Good.  I can't wait."	The dark man leaned over the stick shift
of his Porsche and began to kiss the woman passionately.  Ms. Brixtol tried
to scream, "Run!", but nothing escaped her lips.	Forcefully the man reached
over, grabbed the top of her blouse, and ripped the shirt open revealing
the woman's bare left breast.	"Oh," the woman gasped, "my shirt!"	"Don't
worry about it," the man breathed as he smashed his face into her soft tit
and sucked on her hardening nipple.	"Oh my," the woman panted as she
grabbed the mans thick dark hair and ran her fingers passionately through
it.	Ms. Brixtol tried to scream again, but the woman was unaware of her
presence and Ms. Brixtol could not make a sound.	The man kissed up the
woman's chest in small pecks until he reached her neck.  Ms. Brixtol knew
what was going to happened and tried to close her eyes, but to no avail. 
She was forced to look.	The man gently began to suck on the woman's neck as
she leaned her head back in ecstasy and enjoyed the man's pawing hands on
her breasts.  Suddenly the man bit into the woman's neck and ripped a
massive chunk of flesh out with his teeth.	The woman screamed, blood
squirting out like a geyser from the gaping hole.  The man had gotten the
major arteries and they pumped red streams onto his black leather apolstry.
 Crimson blood gushed down her neck and turned her blouse black as night in
seconds.	The man laughed as he opened his mouth and let the hot blood
squirt onto his face and outstretched tongue, thick red sticky streams
pouring off his chin.	"Mmmmm, Chandra," he called to Ms. Brixtol in her
daze.  "Taste's sooo good.  Try it!"	Ms. Brixtol wanted to run but
couldn't.  Horrified she watched as the man covered the open wound with his
mouth as the blood began to slow it's frantic pace and as he sucked
strongly on her neck, she could see the woman's face beginning to turn
pale.	Ms. Brixtol tried to throw-up in revulsion, but suddenly found
herself lying on the floor again in the classroom, light slowly bringing
things into focus.	Angela was kneeling beside her, trying to help her sit
up.  As Angela leaned over to get leverage, her neck was right in front of
Ms. Brixtol's face and for a moment, she wanted to bite into her neck and
taste blood for herself.  She fought the feeling and it went away as
suddenly as it came.	"What happened?" Ms. Brixtol asked trying to regain
her balance and get up.	"You just passed out!" Angela stated concerned. 
"Are you ok?"	"Yes," Ms. Brixtol assured as she got to her feet and shook
the cobwebs from her mind.  "I just...I just need to sit down for a minute
that's all."	Angela helped her sit in the chair.  "Maybe you better forget
doing paper work tonight," she said careingly.  "You need to rest."	"No!"
Ms. Brixtol stated almost angrily.  "I'm sorry, I'll be fine.  I need your
help tonight, more than ever now.  You'll still come wont you?"	"Sure,"
Angela assured, "but you can't work like this.  You just tell me what you
need done, and I'll stay till four in the morning to do it for you if I
have to."	"You're so good to me," Ms. Brixtol said, not realizing how
strange that must have sounded to Angela.  "Thank you.  I'll pay you very
well for this."	"No," Angela argued. "You won't pay me anything.  You've
been a good friend and a great teacher.  I don't want a dime."	"Thank you,"
was all Ms. Brixtol could say, and Angela left after making triple sure she
was all right.Chapter 2	Chandra Brixtol had taken off early from school
that day.  Even though it was the last day of class, the instructors were
still required to work another couple days to finish up various things
before summer vacation.	Chandra was still shaken by her recent fainting
spell and the vision or dream or whatever it was that she had with that
evil man she had met last month.	This was the second time she'd passed out
and had a dream of that man.  She couldn't understand why it happened, or
what it meant.  All she knew is that she didn't want to see that man ever
again.	Chandra put her handbag in the bedroom and then went to the kitchen
cupboard to pour herself a stiff drink.  She pulled out the bottle of Jack
Daniel's and started to open the refrigerator to get the Coke when she
decided to just drink straight from the bottle.	She spun the lid off with a
flick of her wrist, sending the cap skidding across the floor, and took a
long swig from the bottle.  The alcohol bit her lips and tongue and she
coughed dryly, eyes watering as she pulled the bottle away and leaned
against the counter.	She would have to think things over sometime and
recount what had happened that night with the stranger, but now was not
that time.  She lifted the bottle to her lips again and took a longer
drink.  It still bit just as hard, but she knew that soon it would start to
get weak, and she anticipated that moment grately.	The first time she had
passed out, she remembered seeing the dark man rape a woman and then
strangle her with a pillow cover.  She spent a long time with the bottle
that night and didn't wake up until the late hours of the next day feeling
worse than she'd ever felt in her life.  She'd have to take it a little
easier this time, she reminded herself.  But not too much easier.	By 7
o'clock, Chandra was nicely intoxicated.  She had fallen asleep on the
couch, bottle in hand around three and woke back up to continue her binge
around 5:30.  When she heard someone knocking on the door, it took her a
few seconds to figure out that it must be Angie.  	Dragging herself off the
couch she staggered to the door and started to reach for the handle.  She
realized that she was still holding the half empty JD bottle, and she set
it on top of the television before she opened the door.	Angela was standing
there as expected, dressed in a sweater and a pair of jeans.  At school she
always wore dressy clothes, slacks and fancy blouses, or full dresses, but
she usualy dressed down to jeans when she came over to Ms. Brixtol's place.
"Ms. Brixtol?" Angela said inquiring of her teachers condition.  She could
tell she had been drinking heavily and she wondered if Ms. Brixtol wanted
company after all.	"Come on in," Chandra said not too badly slurred for as
much as she had to drink.	"Are you sure?" Angela asked, not wanting to
impose.	"Yes," Ms. Brixtol said as she left the door open and walked over
to the bottle resting on the tv.  "Oh, hell, I suppose it's no secret that
I'm a little drunk," she laughed and grabbed the bottle.  "Come in and join
me."	Angela walked in tenetivly and closed the door.  She stood silently as
Chandra tried to walk a straight line to the kitchen.  She did a fairly
good job, but there was no hiding the slight stagger in her step.	"Do you
want Coke in yours?" Ms. Brixtol asked as she got two glasses out of the
cupboard and put them on the counter.	"I don't want any, thanks," Angela
said walking into the kitchen behind her.  "Are you ok?"	"Oh, Angie," Ms.
Brixtol said bursting into tears.  She fell against the refrigerator and
slid to the floor, knees bent in the fetal position.  "I just hate these
dreams!"	Angela dropped to her knees and put her hand on her teachers
shoulder, "Come on, Ms. Brixtol," she soothed, "don't be upset.  What
dreams are you talking about?"	Chandra took a deep breath and managed to
stop her crying, "Oh, never mind," she sobbed a bit, "I doesn't matter."
Angela knelt quietly for a moment, "Do you want to be alone?"	"No," Chandra
said softly, looking at Angela with deep concern, "Please stay here with me
a while."	"Sure," Angela said as she helped Chandra back to her feet.	"Have
a drink with me," she said.	Angela looked at the half bottle and wondered
if she ought to, "No thanks, really.  I'm not thirsty."	Chandra poured two
glasses anyway and handed her one of them.  Angela took it out of courtesy
and they went into the livingroom to sit on the couch.	Ms. Brixtol's place
was fairly cheap looking.  Her couch and chair were modest looking but
somehow out of place against the harvest gold carpets of her apartment. 
She had a small coffee table with a healthy plant and a small television
set across the room on a old wooden stand.	Chandra indicated for Angela to
take a drink, and she took a small sip.  The liquid burned, and she
wondered why anyone ever chose to drink this stuff.	It took a while to
change the mood, but after some time the two girls were laughing and
giggling and enjoying the buzz of the alcohol.  Chandra had cut back her
drinking while making sure that Angela continued to "catch up with her".
When Chandra brought out the bag of orange peanuts that she had bought
earlier, Angela laughed hard and fell off the couch and onto the floor. 
She didn't know what was so funny, but she knew the alcohol had something
to do with it.	Ms. Brixtol showed Angela the work that had to be done by
tomorrow and they began to work side by side sitting on the floor, using
the coffee table as a desk.  The green fern sat on the chair like a green
child and they stuffed their faces with marshmellow treats and Jack
Daniels.	By Midnight, the girls had gotten most of the work done and a lot
more laughing.  Chandra had let her long blonde hair down shortly after
they began to have a good time and she reached over, picked up her
hair-band and snapped it at Angela in fun.	The rubber band bounced off
Angela's arm and she tackled Ms. Brixtol and rolled on the floor with her. 
Angela had never had more fun.  Ms. Brixtol was the best teacher she would
ever have, she figured.	The two women wrestled and Ms. Brixtol managed to
roll Angela over on to her back.  She sat on Angela's stomach pinning her
arms to the floor.  Angela tried to twist free, but couldn't.	"Ah, ha!"
Chandra stated.  "I win!"	Angela gave up trying and lauged.  "I give up.
You win!"	Chandra was holding Angela's wrists and finaly loosened her grip.
 Angela slid her hands down a little and Chandra found her hands on top of
Angela's hands.  Without even realizing, she slipped her fingers between
Angela's fingers and squeezed her hand firmly.	Chandra felt a funny feeling
inside as she held Angela's hands.  It was a strange sensual feeling that
made her arms get goosebumps like  when she was younger and her boyfriend
would give her a great kiss.  A flood of sensations wracked through her
body and she jerked her hands away ashamed and got off of Angela.  She
hoped that Angie had not realized what she had been thinking.  "Well, it's
late," she said shyly.  "I didn't mean to keep you this long."	"That's ok,"
Angela said easily, indicating that she had not felt anything odd by
Chandra's actions.  	Chandra felt better realizing this and smiled.  "Well,
at least we had fun didn't we?" she asked.	"Ya," Angela agreed sitting up
and looking at the clock.  "Oh my, it's midnight already."	"I'm sorry," Ms.
Brixtol said again.  "I didn't think.."	"Oh, that's ok," Angela assured. 
"I just don't know if I should go home this late.  I don't want to wake my
parents."  She looked for her keys, "Maybe I'll see if Tina is still up and
I can stay there tonight."	Chandra stood up and offered, "You can stay here
tonight if you want."	"Oh, I couldn't ask you to do that," Angela stated. 
"I don't want to intrude.	"No," Chandra argued.  "It's no trouble.  I don't
mind at all."	Ms. Brixtol went to the couch and removed the cushions. 
"This folds out into a hide-a-bed," she said.  "I've got blankets and
pillows in the closet.  I'll go get them."	Chandra opened the bed without
an argument from Angela and then went to get the sheets.	"Thanks alot,"
Angela said.  "I owe you one for this."	"Nonsense", Chandra laughed.  "It's
been over 4 years since I've had someone sleep over.  It'll be fun!"Chapter
3	The clock read 6:35am when Angela blinked her eyes open.  Down the hall
she could hear the faint sound of water running.  Sleepily she got up and
used the sheet to cover her bare body.  She had slept in just her bra and
panties last night because of the heat.  Usually she would sleep in her
clothes if she didn't have her nightgown, but after sweating to death at 3
in the morning, she decided to go ahead and get comfortable.	Angela knew
her way around Chandra's apartment pretty well by now, and she expected the
water was coming from the shower in the bathroom, but she checked just in
case.  She had an incredible urge to urinate and she was hoping Chandra
wasn't in there.	To her disappointment, the bathroom was occupied.  Angela
walked up and down the hall trying to forget about her need to go, all the
while the sound of rushing water making her think of it anyway.	Angela
decided she couldn't wait and yelled through the door, "Ms. Brixtol?"
"Yes?" came the reply.	"Do you have another bathroom?" she asked loudly
through the door.	"No, I'm sorry I don't" Chandra yelled back.  "You can
come on in if you have to go.  The doors unlocked."	"That's ok," Angela
shouted.  "I'll wait."	"Nonsense!" Chandra yelled back.  "I don't mind.  I
have shower curtains so I wont be able to see you."	Angela thought for a
moment.  The urge to go was really quite strong. "Are you sure you wont
mind?", she asked.	"Come on in," she yelled back.	Angela opened the
bathroom door and steam rolled out.  The mirror was fogged up and various
hair products were scattered around the bathroom sink.  She closed the door
behind her to keep the hot air from getting out.  She always hated getting
out of a hot shower and stepping into a cold room.	Angela shouted over the
curtain, "Thanks".  She unwrapped herself from her sheet and pulled down
her undies.  Angie's body was extremely well shaped.  Her tan flat stomach
tightened as she squated to sit down, her perfect tanned leg muscles
swelling slightly.	Angela instinctively put her hands in her lap to cover
her brown pubic hair, even though Ms. Brixtol could not have seen anyway. 
Slowly the stream came.  First just a dribble, and then a heavy stream of
yellow urine sprayed out from between her legs.  She sighed with relief as
she emptied her bladder.	"I have to go to work this morning," Ms. Brixtol
yelled through the curtain.  "Feel free to leave whenever you want. 
There's no rush."	"Thanks," Angela said as she grabbed some toilet paper
and dabbed herself dry.	"As a matter of fact," Chandra shouted.  "I get off
at noon for the day.  If you're still here, I can show you what you got in
the class."	"That would be great," Angela said as she stood up and pulled
on her white panties.  "Ah," she started embarrassed.  "Do you want me to
flush or leave it till you're done?"	Chandra thought a moment.  "Leave it
if you will," she said, "It'll probably burn me if you don't."	"Ok," Angela
said.  "Can I come back around noon to see my grade?"	"Sure," Ms. Brixtol
shouted.  "If you don't want to stay here, you can come back."	"It's not
that I don't want to stay here," she answered, "I just don't feel right
being in someone's house when they're not home."	"I understand," Chandra
called back.  "but I really don't mind.  I'd just make you clean up the
mess we made last night," she teased.	Angela laughed and left the room. 
When she walked out into the main room again, she realized that they had
indeed made a mess of the place.	Chandra finished washing the soap off of
her back and turned off the water.  She opened the shower curtain and
grabbed the towel hanging on the wall.  Chandra was full figured with
perfect shaped breasts.  Many women talked behind her back about her having
fake implants, but they were 100% real and she was proud of it.	She toweled
the water from her shoulders and rubbed it under the swell of her heavy
bosom.  The tickle of the fabric against her pink nipples made them harden
slightly and she finished drying off with erect tips on her mounded flesh.
Chandra looked at the toilet and remembered it need to be flushed.  Angela
had accidentally left the lid up and Chandra could see the yellow water
inside.  That funny sensations she had the other night while holding
Angela's hand came back and she quivered from some unknown feeling.	Chandra
walked over to the toilet and placed her hand on the handle to flush when
she stopped.  Something inside her was pulsing through her veins.  She
gently reached out and touched the rim of the toilet seat where Angela had
been sitting only moments ago.	Chandra suddenly saw in her mind Angela's
tight ass sitting on the seat.  She could imagine Angie's slightly spread
legs and the pretty little stream of piss coming out of her brown triangle.
 She shivered like a naked person standing in a freezer and then shook her
mind clear and flushed the toilet.	It took more than five minutes for her
nipples to loose their erectness and she dressed and blow-dried her hair
trying to concentrate on school.	What's wrong with me, she thought.  I'm
having fainting spells, dreams of a man I've met killing people, and
fantasies about another woman - a child no less!	When Chandra had finished
getting ready for work, Angela was dressed and starting to pick things up. 
"I'm going to stay at least until I have this cleaned up," she said.	"I was
just kidding about that," Ms. Brixtol laughed.  "You don't have to clean. 
I'll get it when I get back."	Angela insisted, and Chandra had no time to
argue as she rushed out the door to work.  "I'll be back about 12:30 if
you're still here."Chapter 4	The dark man watched the beautiful Ms. Brixtol
leave her house and get into her blue Honda Civic. Closing the curtain, he
grabbed for the pack of cigarettes sitting on the circular hotel table
beside him and slid out one of the white tubular sticks.  He took off his
heavily shaded sun-glasses and put them on the table next to the ciggs.	He
had finally found out where Ms. Brixtol was teaching yesterday and he had
secured a room at the Ramada Inn across the highway from Ms. Brixtol's
house late last night.	He sat completely naked in his room on the third
floor, and grabbed a lighter from his pants pocket laying on the floor next
to him.	Lighting the cigarette, he drew a long breath from the smoke and
held it for a while before blowing it out.  He had a lot of work to do, but
decided to enjoy his smoke before getting started.	The dark man left his
chair by the window and riffled through the dresser drawers for some
clothes.  After finding a suitable outfit of black slacks and a black
Sweater, he got dressed to go out.  He had learned from early on in the
past that his skin did not take well to sunlight, and so he covered his
hands with black gloves and put on a black motorcycle helmet with tinted
visor before leaving the room.	If all went well, he would be done before
1pm, and he could catch a couple hours sleep before sunset.  He opened up
his door and headed down the hall.	Another person walking down the hall
looked oddly at the man in his full black outfit and helmet and shook his
head.	"Fuck off, old man," the dark stranger snapped as he continued to
walk to the stairs without looking at the man directly.	Going out during
the day always made him a little edgey.  He looked at no one as he strode
out of the motel and got on his bike.  He had a black CBR 750 street bike
fully equipped without a scratch on it.  Starting up the machine, he was
carefull not to twist his wrist too much on the throtle.  One little piece
of exposed skin under direct sunlight would hurt like hell.  He made sure
that when he did have to go out in the sun, that he was extra careful.
Angela finished getting the big stuff off the floor and decided to go ahead
and do some extra cleaning like washing the dishes they had used last night
when snacking on left-over pizza.	She surveyed the room, which looked much
better, and then started to fill the sink with water.  Now where are the
towels, she thought as she filled the sink and turned off the facet. 
Probably in the closet in the hall she figured.	She went to the closet and
found several stacks of towels and sheets and things.  She found a suitable
hand-towel and closed the door.  It wasn't until she was halfway back to
the kitchen that she heard someone wiggling the front door-knob.	Angela
thought that maybe it was Chandra come back in a hurry to get something and
was about to open the door when she thought, "What if it's not her?"	She
decided to wait and see.  If it were Ms. Brixtol, she would have keys so
there would be no problem for her gettin in.  When the handle contued to
twist and she could hear no keys rattling outside, she began to worry.
Quickly Angela ran to the window and peered out through a slit in the
curtain.  Ms. Brixtols car was sill gone, and there was a black street bike
in it's place.  Suddenly she felt panic.  Whoever was trying to get in
wasn't Ms. Brixtol.	Not sure what to do she ran into Ms. Brixtol's bedroom
and dialled 911 from the phone in there.  Frantically she tried to whisper
that someone was breaking in to the house.	After what seemed like an
eternity, the lady on the swithboard said help was on it's way.  The lady
asked Angela to stay on the phone and tell her what was happening.  Angela
tried to remain calm, but it was impossible.  She described to the lady how
the man was wiggling the door-knob and shaking the door.	From the front
room Angela thought she heard the door open and her heart lept into her
throat.	"Oh my god!," she whisper/shouted, "I think he's in here!"	The lady
on the phone showed concern in her voice even though her job was to stay
calm.	"Can you get under the bed and hide?" the lady asked.	"Yes," Angela
whispered, tears of fear welling in her eyes.	Quietly Angela slid under the
bed with the phone in hand.  She heard someone open a the closet in the
hall and she froze in fright.  It almost didn't register to her brain that
there were faint sirens in the background now.  She didn't even notice that
the intruder noisily dashed out the door and started his motorcycle.	When
the lady on the phone heard the sirens in the reciever she asked, "I hear
the police there now.  Stay put until an officer tells you to come out."
Angela did not respond but silently curled up like a frightened child. 
When the officer spoke her name, she began to unwind like a tightly sprung
coil, and she began to cry.Chapter 5	"Well hello, Ms. Brixtol," the
secretary cheerfuly squeeked in her annoying high-pitched voice.	"Hello,
Judy," Ms. Brixtol replied.  She had tried all year to insist that the
secretary call her by her first name, but she could never stop calling her
Ms. Brixtol.	Chandra opened the counter door and started down the hall
toward the faculty lounge.  She had left in such a hurry this morning, that
she had forgotten breakfast.  She figured a doughtnut and coffee from the
lounge would do just fine.	"Oh, I almost forgot," the squeeky secretary
chirped.  "A man called yesterday looking for you"	Chandra stopped and
turned around.  "Who was he?"	"I don't know, he wouldn't leave his name,"
she replied.  "Sounded like a real nice man.  He had a deep sexy voice." 
The secretary gave Ms. Brixtol a wink as if to say "you're lucky".	Chandra
wondered what man would be calling her at work.  She flipped through faces
in her mind, but couldn't come up with any men who would be calling her.
The mystery caller was still on her mind when she was on her way to the
classroom, but was soon to dissapear.	"Ms. Brixtol!" someone shouted from
down the hall.	Chandra turned around and saw Dewey, the black night
janitor, waving at her at the far end.  "Ms. Brixtol the police are on the
phone for you!"	Chandra's pulse raced.  What could the police want with
her?  She quickly headed down the hall towards the janitor who was waving
her to follow him to the office.  "Come on, it sounds serious!"	Chandra got
to the office where several staff members mulled around, obviously hopping
to find out what was going on.  She picked up the phone which the secretary
held in her outstreched hand.	"Hello...yes...you're kidding, when did this
happen?  Uh, huh...ya of course...is she alright? Yes...tell her I'll be
right there."	Chandra handed the phone to the secretary who had a
questioning look upon her face.	"Someone broke into my house this morning,"
she stated nervously as she headed for the door.	"My goodness," the
secretary squeeked.  "Was anything taken?"	"I don't know," Chandra said,
"The police want me to come home and make sure so I can file a report."	"I
hope everythings ok," the secretary chirped as Chandra walked out the
building.	When Ms. Brixtol arrived at her apartment, there was only one
police car outside.  Cautiously she stepped inside.  Angela was on the
couch sitting next to an officer who was trying to reassure her everything
was alright.	"Ms. Brixtol?" an officer stepped away from the hall closet.
"Yes?" she said.	"We'd like you to have a look around and see if you notice
anything missing."	Chandra was most interested in how Angela was, and
didn't start her observations until after making sure Angela was ok.
Chandra could find nothing missing and the officers gave her a card with
the station phone number, told her to call if she found anything missing,
and left quietly still filling out paper work.	Chandra closed the door
behind the officers and sat down on the couch next to Angela.	"Are you ok?"
she asked again for the six or seventh time.	"Yes, I'm fine," she repeated.
 "I was just a little scared when it happened.	Chandra put her arm around
Angela and gave her a squeeze.  "I'm sorry this happened to you."	Angela
smiled, "That's ok," she said.  "I guess it was a good thing I was here, or
you might have been robbed."	Chandra tried to laugh but found it hard.  "I
know," she said, but was thinking more along the lines that the man could
have waited till she got home and killed her.	"I'm really scared to stay
here alone now," she said.	Angela tried to be assuring and ended up saying
something she wished she hadn't said.  "I'd be glad to stay with you a
couple days if you want."	Ms. Brixtol sat quietly a moment and considered
it.  " I couldn't expect you to do that."	Angela knew she was in too deep
to back out now, even though she was just as afraid of staying with Chandra
in this house as Chandra was of staying alone.  "I don't mind really," she
said.  "I wouldn't want to be alone if I were you either."	Chandra thanked
Angela a million times and the two women went to Angela's house to get her
stuff.  Chandra offered to drive Angela home not because Angie needed
someone to drive, but because Chandra didn't want to be alone in the house.
	It didn't take long to convince Angela's parents to let her stay with Ms.
Brixtol.  They had argued against it until Ms. Brixtol came in, and then
suddenly they were open to the idea.	Angela's parents were protective of
their little girl, and they did not fully believe Angie's far fetched tale
until Ms. Brixtol came in and confirmed it down to the last detail.	Chandra
set up the hide-a-bed and offered Angela to sleep in her room while she
take the hide-a-bed, but Angie refused.  "I'm not going to have you sleep
in the livingroom of your own house," she argued and that was going to be
the end of the story.	After settling in Chandra asked, "Have you even had
anything to eat yet?"	"No," Angela admitted, "but then again who could
think of food with all of this?"	"Look," Chandra said getting up from her
chair.  "You go take a shower and relax, and I'll make us some nice
dinner."	Angela did sort of feel hungry now, "You sure?" she asked.  "Don't
you want help or anything?"	"Nonsense," Chandra ordered, "go take your
shower and leave the cooking to me."+	Angela got a set of clothes out of
her bag and headed for the bathroom.  Chandra got out some ingredients and
heated up the stove to cook some sort of cassarole.	Chandra heard the
shower come on and her mind began to drift away.  She could imagine Angela
standing under the water, her bare naked body streaming with warm wet
cascades.  Chandra could imagine Angela raising her hands to shampoo her
hair, and she could see her huge breasts heaving with every breath.  She
imagined her soft tits bouncing and jiggling as she scrubbed her beautiful
wet black hair.	Chandra dropped the plastic bottle of oil on the floor
which snapped her out of her trance. "Shit!" she rebuked herself. "What am
I doing?"	Chandra tried to concentrate on the meal as her mind drifted
every now and then to the young eighteen year old naked woman in the next
room.	Before too long the meal was in the oven and Angela was shouting from
down the hall.  "Ms. Brixtol, I forgot to get a towel. Could you bring me
one?"	"Sure," Chandra yelled back.  Her heart beating faster as she
imagined Angela standing there in the bathroom naked and wet.  She got a
towel out of the closet and knocked on the door.	Angela opened the door a
bit and Chandra handed the towel through the crack.  Angela grabbed the
towel and for a moment her wet hand touched Chandra's.  Chandra quivered
and pulled away.	Angela shut the door again and Chandra looked at the wet
beads of water Angela had left on her hand.  Slowly she lifted her hand to
her lips and rubbed the water across her full mouth.  She tingled inside
just knowing that the water she was tasting was just on Angela's young body
a second ago.  She imagined kissing the soft flesh of Angela's hand and
then stopped herself and headed to the livingroom.	Chandra sat hating
herself in the chair when Angela came out.  Angela was wearing a tight pink
sweater and a pair of black shorts.  Chandra didn't know what was coming
over her as she again lusted after the young girl and stared at the tight
curve of her ass as Angela walked across the room and sat in the other
chair.	Chandra fought herself from staring, and hoped Angela did not
notice.	"That felt nice," Angela commented about the shower.	"I bet,"
Chandra said a bit stiffly.  "I always love a good shower after a hard
day."	Something was taking over Chandra's mind and she couldn't stop
herself.  "You need a good back rub," Chandra found herself saying.  She
knew that she was only suggesting this to have an excuse to touch Angela's
body, but she couldn't help it.	"You know," Angela said suprisingly. 
"You're probably right.  I haven't had someone rub my back for a long
time."	Chandra stood up.  "Well lay on the bed here," she said.  "And I'll
give you one."	"Are you sure?" Angela asked, not wanting to impose.	"Yes
I'm sure," Chandra stated.  If only you knew how much I'm sure, she
thought.	Angela laid on her stomach on the hide-a-bed and waited for
Chandra.  Chandra again saw the beautiful curve of Angela's nice ass, and
quickly sat on top of Angela's ass to get it out of site.	Chandra could
feel Angela's tight butt under her own and it made her tingle all over. 
Chandra was wearing a thin pair of slacks and Angela could feel the slight
heat from Chandra's crotch through her shorts, but thought nothing of it.
Chandra placed her spread palms on either side of Angela's upper back and
began to squeeze professionaly in all the right spots for a great back rub.
Ms. Brixtol could feel the fire in her crotch growing stronger as she
worked her hands down to Angela's lower back.  Chandra took her time
working her hands along the top of Angela's shorts until her sweater was
slightly pulled up and Chandra could touch Angela's bare back just above
the waist-line of the shorts.	Chandra felt fire shoot through her veins as
her hands touched the bare skin of Agnela's back.  Angie did not move or
say a word as Chandra put her hands further under her sweater until she was
rubbing her back and touching her bra.	"Sometimes it feels better when you
can have your skin rubbed as well," Chandra said with a slight quiver in
her voice.	"Yes," Angela sighed.  "It feels nice."	Chandra took in a deep
breath and aked, "Why don't you take off your sweater and I can get the top
of your shouders better."	Angela thought a moment.  "Why not," she said as
she pulled up her sweater.  Chandra helped her get out of the top and could
hardly stand the lust in her loins as she worked her hands across Angela's
bare back and around her bra.	Accidentily Chandra twisted Angela's bra and
it came unsnapped.  Angie wiggled and said, "Ooops, my bra came undone."
Chandra could see the half moons of soft breast on either side of Angela's
body as she laid on their massive forms.  She could take it no longer and
blurted out, "Angela," 	"Yes?" she asked.	"Can I kiss your back?" Chandra
found herself asking.	Angela twisted her head to look back at Chandra who
was staring at her partially expose boobs.  "Why?" she asked nievely.	"I
just really need to," Chandra said shaking from fear and anticipation.	"I
guess so," Angela said, not knowing what it was going to lead to.	Chandra
scooted her butt down to sit on Angela' legs and leaned over and placed her
lips in the center of Angela's back.  Goose-bumps spread up her arms as she
felt the heat of Angies flesh burn her lips.	Chandra kissed again a little
lower, and a little lower.  Suddenly she was out of control as if someone
else possesed her body.  She pulled the waist of Angela's shorts down a
couple inches and kissed her skin delicately just where the crack of her
ass started.	"Ms. Brixtol?" Angela stated shocked.  "What are you doing?"
"I'm sorry, Angie," Chandra snapped to.  She got off of Angela quickly and
her face turned red.	"Don't be sorry," Angela said.  "I just wanted to know
what you were doing?"	"I don't know," she admitted.  "I don't know what's
come over me."	Angela rolled over onto her back so she could look at
Chandra.  When she did so, she rolled away from her bra and Chandra could
see her full mellons laying gently against her body.	"It's just that,"
Angela began.  "Beleive it or not, I'm a virgin and I've never done
anything like this at all.  With a guy or a girl."	Chandra moved closer to
Angela with a gleam in her eyes.  "Don't be nervous," she panted.  "I'll do
it all.  You just lay there."	"Ok," Angela said as she laid back and closed
her eyes.  "I can't believe I'm doing this."	"Neither can I," Chandra said
as she leaned over and stuck her mouth over Angela's right tit.  Angela
could feel the fire of Chandra's mouth and she tingled with new sensations
as Chandra flicked her tongue across her hard nipple.	Angela couldn't help
but moan gently and she grabbed a pillow next to her and squeezed it with
all of her might in her clenched fist.	Chandra carefuly worked Angie's
swelling breast, flicking her expert tongue across the pink crests while
Angela tore a small hole in the pillow with her fingernails.	She was totaly
unexpecting of the senstations she would have when Chandra slid down her
body, parted her supple legs and plunged her tongue into the hot wet flesh
between her legs.	Angela bucked hard and unexpectantly, grabbing the pillow
in both hands and ripping the hole bigger as she screamed.  "God!  I can't
believe it!"	She didn't believe it even more when Chandra continued to eat
her quivering flesh until she had her very first orgasm.	Chapter 6	The dark
man on the black bike flew out of the driveway as a police car skidded in,
turned around with sqreeching tires and started pursuit.	The officers
radioed in the chase but found it nearly impossible to keep up with the
fast street machine.  They clocked him at 115 mph when he hit the off ramp
heading I-90 east.	The next major town was Issaquah only 15 miles away, and
they hoped to have officers waiting to pick up the chase at the next on
ramp, but at the speed this lunitic was going, they weren't expecting much.
The black bike zipped in and out of the morning traffic easily.  Most of
the traffic was heading West into Seattle, with only a scattering of cars
traveling east.	The dark man was feeling a little safer now that the police
car that had started the chase was at least a mile behind him.  Looking
into his rear mirror to check the location of the squad car, he did not see
the State Patrol car swerve infront of him.	The back of the State Patrol
car hit his front tire and jerked the bike violently to the side of the
road.  The Patrol car activated his lights, but that was the least of the
dark man's worries.	His bike was completely out of control and even though
he fought like hell to straighten the bike out, it still went into the
oncomming lane of traffic right infront of a four door sedan.	The bike hit
the grill of the car at 130 mph throwing the man off the bike instantly and
into the window on the driver's side.  His helmet shattered through the
glass, hitting the driver squarly in the face, mashing it to a bloody pulp
in a split second.  The weight and momentum of the man on the bike ripped
the drivers head off his body.  It fell in a gooey ball in the back seat.	A
broken shard of glass gutted the biker as his stomach ripped open on the
windshield, some of his guts falling into the lap of the headless driver. 
The biker continued on through the back windshield, trailing intestines
behind him in a macabre path.	When his body hit the front grill of the next
car, it drug him under, scraping his body on the cement to blood red and
tearing his arm off when it jammed in the car's axel.	The other cars behind
skidded and crashed violently, killing several more innocent people.  The
report went in as the most violent traffic death recorded in the history of
Washington state.Chapter 7	"That was amazing!" Angela said after she had
regained her breath.  "I've never felt anything like that before."	Chandra
smiled and rubbed her hand on Angela's bare belly.  "Thank you for the
complement," she said.  "I never knew I could make another woman feel that
way either."	The two women sat quietly for a while when Angela asked, "Do
you smell smoke?"	"Shit! The cassarole!" Chandra yelled jumping up and
running to the kitchen.	Smoke was escaping from the edges of the stove. 
She turned off the heat and opened the oven.  A black cloud rolled out and
blinded her for a moment.  Fumbling for an oven mit she reached in and
grabbed the flamming dish.  She threw the pan in the sink full of water
that Angela had started earlier that morning, and it died into a ball of
black something.	When she found her way out of the kitchen, Angela was
already dressed agian and coughing from the smoke.  Chandra opened the
windows in the diningroom and the livingroom and yelled, "Let's get out of
here for a while!"	"Good idea!" Angela yelled back as they left and closed
the door behind them.	In the car Chandra asked, "What do you think of me
now?"	"What do you mean?" Angela asked.	Chandra turned on 148th street and
headed over the overpass toward the park.	"I mean what do you think of me
after what happened today?"	Angela smiled, "I don't know, what should I
think?"	Chandra laughed, "Oh no you don't, I want to hear what you think. 
Tell me your exact thoughts without holding back.  I wont be offended if
you think I'm a sick-o."	Angela took a deep breath, "Ok, I'll try to tell
you everything I think.  I've never really had sex with anyone," she said. 
"I think the farthest I've ever gone with anyone before this is with
myself.  I've never had a..." she tried to find the words, "well, you
know."	"An orgasm?" Chandra asked with a smile.	"Yes," she said.  "I've
never had an orgasm until today.  I've never felt anything like it in my
entire life."	Angela looked out the window with a far away look in her
eyes.  "It was amazing."	Chandra smiled and said, "Go on."	"Well," she
continued.  "I know it's not normal in our society to have sex with someone
your own sex, but now I can see why some do."	Chandra listened intently.	"I
don't think your sick for doing what you did, because I liked it even more
than you I'm sure."	Chandra laughed, "Don't be so sure about that."
"Anyway," she continued.  "I'm sure it will never happen again, but I'm not
sorry at all that it happened this time.  I just hope I can have an orgasm
again someday.  Soon.  There, did I tell you enough?"	Chandra smiled and
pulled into the park. "Why do you think it will never happen again?" she
asked.	Angela looked out onto the grass where people were tossing a frizbee
around.  "I don't know," she said.  "I just figured you wouldn't want to do
that again."	Chandra parked and turned the engine off.  "That's what I'm
trying to find out," she said.  "If you want to do it again."	Angela
blushed and looked away.  "Of course I'd like to do it again.  That's a
dumb question."	Chandra put her hand on Angela's hand and rubbed her skin
gently.  "I'd like to do it agian too," she said.	Angela turned to face
Chandra and smiled. "Will you teach me how to do that to you?"	Chandra
emmitted a little moan in her throat, "Oh, you bet I will!  Have you ever
kissed a woman before?"	Angela looked shyly at the floor. "No, have you?"
"Never," Chandra stated.  "Would you like to kiss and see what it's like?"
Angela looked up and smiled.  "Yes."	Chandra leaned over and placed her
lips on Angela's lips.  They pressed against each other and Chandra's
tongue probed Agela's mouth open and began to explore her tongue.  The
girls flicked their tongues around each others mouth and Angela felt a
burning desire to get back in bed again.	"I can't wait to learn to do that
to you," she stated breaking away from the kiss.	Chandra smiled and felt a
shiver run down her spine thinking about Angela's tongue exploring her
inner body.  "I can't wait to show you."******************	The girls had
become quite acustume to their new realationship and enjoyed it emensly. 
It was on a particuarly cold night that Angela lay her head in Chandra's
lap as they shared a bottle of whisky together.	Angela held Chandra's left
hand on her breast while she drank with her right.  "Man I have to pee!"
she laughed.	"Oh my god," Chandra moaned.	"What?" asked Angela, pressing
Chandra's hand against her tit even tighter.	"Do you remember the first
time you spent the night here and you had to go to the bathroom when I was
in the shower?" she asked.	"Yes," Angela said closing her eyes and enjoying
Chandra's fingers as they stroked her nipple erect through her thin
tee-shirt.	"Well," she started.  "I remeber getting out of the shower and
seeing the toilet filled with your piss, and I don't know, it turned me on
somehow."	"Really?" Angie asked excitedly.  "Do you want to watch me take a
piss now?"	Chandra was really feeling kinky tonight and she let it all
show, "I want better than that," she said.  "I want..."	"What?" Angie asked
in anticipation, "Tell me what?"	"I want to lay naked in the tub and have
you pee all over me!" she blurted out.	"OH! That sounds fun!" Angie
squeeled.  "Come on, I really have to go bad, let's do it now."	Chandra was
stripping her clothes all the way down the hall, with Angela following
right behind undressing at an even quicker pace.	"Wait!" Chandra panted as
she flipped the stop up on the drain.  "I want to be able to lay in it for
a while."	Chandra got in the tub and eased into the cold ceramic on her
back.  Angela got in the tub and stood with her legs on either side of
Chandra's stomach.	"Where do you want me to pee on you?" she giggled as she
fingered her pussy with her right hand.	"Let's see," Chandra said excited. 
I want you to pee on my tits so I can feel the hard stream against my hard
nipples, but then I want you to pee on my pussy so I can finger your piss
into my cunt, and then I also want you to piss on my face so I can taste
your beautiful juice.  I don't know!  You pick!"	Angela was very excited
now and squated over Chandra's pert tits.  She put her hands infront of her
and pushed with all her might.  The hot yellow stream shot out and sprayed
all over Chandra's full breasts.	"Oh, my," Chandra said, cradling her tits
in her hands to position them under the stream.  "It's so hot!"	Angela
squeeled as she watched Chandra slide in her piss happily and move her face
under the stream.	"Piss in my mouth!" Chandra said just before the stream
hit her in the chin.  She opened her lips and stuck her tongue out. 
Angela's hot urine sprayed into her mouth and Chandra flicked her tongue in
the stream.  "You've got to taste this, baby!" she said after she swollowed
a large mouth full.	Angela ran out of urine and looked back shyly, "Sorry,
all out."	Chandra played around in Angela's piss, sliding around and
rubbing it all over her body and onto her hot pussy.	"Let me lay in it,"
Angie said trying to turn around in the tub.  "After all, it's my piss."
"Oh my god!" Chandra exclaimed.  "I've got to pee too!  Lay down, it's your
turn."	Chandra slid around awkwardly trying to stand up while Angie slipped
into the pool of urine and rolled over onto her back, her heavy breasts
covered in her own piss.	The smell of the pee was strong and it tantilized
their senses.  "This is so fun!" Angie squeeled as Chandra squated and
aimed her stream right at Angela's pussy.	Chandras hard jet spread Angies
cunt lips slightly and she could feel the piss going inside her body.	"My
god.  Your fucking me with your piss!" she yelled as she reached between
Chandra's legs to play with her pussy as the stream flowed out.	Angela
liked the feel of the hot juice squirting on her finger and she tried to
stick a finger up Chandra's flowing hole.  Piss just ran all over her
finger and she giggle all the more.	"This is the best!" Angela laughed.
Chandra finished her stream and turned around to lay on top of Angela.  She
quivered at the feel of her pert breast sliding all over Angies in their
own piss.	Passionately, without words, the girls began to lick the piss off
each other with long passes of the tongue.  Soon the girls tongues met and
they kissed heavily.  Chandra occasionly dipped her finger in the pool of
urine Angie was laying in and stuck the salty finger in her mouth as they
continued to french kiss, always keeping the fresh taste of urnine in thier
mouths.	It took them well over an hour to finally grow tired of the now
lukewarm piss and they fell asleep laying in the wet tub holding each other
sweetly.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....