          Vampire Slave
          =============
          by Caesar(92)
          
          Jane entered the large quiet house.  The
          stillness and overbearing silence hung upon
          her shoulders like a large weight. The sun
          had just gone down leaving the house in
          darkness.  It was a huge, expensive house
          with old and venerable furnishings. Every
          time the housewife came here she felt like
          eyes were following her every movement!  She
          sensed and felt the eyes upon every curve of
          her body, painful as a sharp knife.  
          
          With determination and familiarity, Jane
          rounded the foyer and immediately began to
          descend the massive staircase.  The century
          old floorboards groaned and squeaked with the
          beat of her footsteps.  Using only her left
          hand, the thirty-two year-old woman guided
          herself to the basement.  It smelled of dust,
          dingy water, and age.  
          
          The door handle was there a foot before her,
          and opened up to her touch effortlessly.  A
          flickering light bathed her in a reddish
          glow.  As quiet as the woman could, she
          entered the large cavernous room and closed
          the door behind her.  
          
          A scream sounded from some dingy corner where
          she saw a four foot cubed cage with a naked
          child within.  Its eyes were open wide with
          fear and bewilderment.  The child was
          reaching for Jane with one hand through the
          tight bars.  Multitudes of small stringy
          black mammals hung upside down, still.  On
          the opposite wall a cocoon-like egg-shaped
          five foot long container hung. Inside the egg
          an eerie shadow of a human could be seen in
          the fetal position.  The cobwebs in every
          corner gave the basement the appearance of an
          attic.  A rat tore at a slab of meat that
          resembled a greyish hand.  An old man knelt
          next to the door, his body covered in slash
          marks and welts.  He wore nothing except rags
          and he was trembling at Jane.  
          
          The average looking housewife trembled in
          barely controlled fear and disgust.  She
          hated this place!  
          
          An old metal staircase spiralled downward
          into the depths. Taking a candle from the
          tarnished silver holder, Jane descended into
          what she considered hell.
          
          The flickering flame only showed about ten
          feet in radius and she knew the room below
          her was very large, in fact larger than the
          floor space of the house.  She stood on the
          well tread gravel path.  In the darkness she
          could hear the sound of flowing water, metal
          scraping against rock, a moan of pain or
          delight, and a concealed chuckle.  
          
          This was her destination!
          
          "Hello?  Is the mistress in?"  She called out
          with fear sounding in every word.  Her voice
          echoed several times until the silence
          overtook the sound.
          
          It only took seconds for her to see a person
          materialize from the darkness.  It was a
          woman, a tall female with black hair and grey
          eyes.  A divinely beautiful woman who was the
          ideal of the perfect female.  She wore a
          circlet of gold about her waist and another
          around her ankle.  In her right hand she held
          a shiny leather whip.
          
          Jane dropped to her knees in fright and
          stammered out, "Mistress please...I need to
          speak to you?!"  The mistress stood above the
          housewife, smiling.  Jane continued, "I can't
          do it! What about my life, and my family's?"
          
          The mistress played the whips tail about the
          clothed shoulders of the housewife causing
          her to tremble.  Slowly the tail travelled
          across the upturned face, then began over the
          mounds of her breasts.  Jane opened her mouth 
          to speak again, but the mistress effortlessly
          slapped her cheek.  Jane was sprawling
          several feet away, the candle dropping to the
          ground but stayed lit.  
          
          The naked beauty motioned to the stunned
          woman.  Seconds later a grey figure
          approached Jane.  The six foot creature had
          small bat wings, a wide mouth full of long
          sharp teeth, muscular torso but small thin
          legs and arms, and claws on both hands and
          feet.  A gargoyle!  The beast grabbed the
          mature woman in one hand and reached for her
          clothes with the other.  It laughed a
          gruesome and terrible sound as it preceded to
          tear off Jane's clothing.  The thing left
          several claw marks upon her pale smooth skin. 
          
          
          Jane screamed out in horror, realizing that
          she was in total control of the woman she
          called mistress.  The brute was a creature
          who only lived for the distorted sense of
          pleasure was to cause pain.  It was a
          creature the housewife had the horror of
          meeting one other time.  
          
          The mistress looked on, not even stopping the
          beast when Jane's clothes were finally off. 
          But watched with almost indifferent attitude.
          
          The beast pulled Jane up into the air
          effortlessly, her feet not even touching the
          ground.  Naked as she is, she's determined to
          get through this horror somehow.  Both her
          fists were hitting its rock hard chest again
          and again to no avail. With a grunt the grey
          man-thing shoved Jane onto his huge foot long
          phallus.  
          
          Jane screamed out in pain!
          
          Then the mammal began to brutally fuck her,
          holding onto her hips and moving her up and
          down very fast.  The two inch wide cock
          ripped and tore her sensitive vagina causing
          her excruciating pain.  The housewife could
          take it no longer, and begun to pass out from
          the brutal fuck.  Spots appeared before her
          eyes before she saw nothing but only felt the
          pain.  Much of which, she would mercifully
          not remember.  
          
          Jane awoke, laying upon the cold gravel
          floor, an unknown time later.  Above her the
          mistress stood, her legs straddling the
          housewives face.  Even as she first opened
          her eyes, she saw the perfectly formed vagina
          above her bulge up and red pee rained down
          onto her face.
          
          The housewife opened her mouth and took the
          long wide stream, tasting blood.  The
          thicker-than-piss shot onto her face and into
          her mouth where she attempted to swallow as
          much as possible.  Though most did end up on
          her face and in her hair, she still swallowed
          a large percentage of the thick salty liquid.
          
          When it was over, Jane got onto her knees
          after the mistress stood off to the side. 
          The mistress motioned with her whip for the
          middle-aged woman to come closer.  When she
          knelt only a few inches from the beautiful
          woman, the mistress grabbed the back of her
          slave's hair and tugged it towards her.  Jane
          opened her mouth dutifully and tried to
          capture as much of the pretty woman's slit as
          possible.  
          
          Her tongue slide into the slim groove to
          flick the clitoris, feeling it grow under her
          tongue.  Jane is reminded of the first time
          she met her mistress, a bar late night when
          her husband was out of town on a business
          conference.  Little did she know, that chance
          encounter would forever change her.  
          
          Jane loved her mistress more than ever.  At
          that moment she couldn't understand why she
          questioned her orders.  Her mistress told her
          to do something and she will do it, at least
          after she gives her mistress pleasure!
          
                                     -*-
               
          A few hours later, Jane stood next to her bed
          and her sleeping husband.  Everything was
          serene and quiet.  She now wore lingerie that
          her hubby had bought for her.  Quiet as a
          cat, Jane crawled under the blankets over the
          sleeping male.  Working herself up from his
          feet to his mid section the woman bent over
          and immediately took his deflated penis into
          her mouth.  
          
          Few times in there ten years of marriage had
          the housewife taken his cock in her mouth. 
          Maybe that was why she had agreed to follow
          that beautiful woman home from the bar that
          fateful night.  She knew the pleasure points
          on the familiar cock, and used her tongue to
          press them.  The mans penis grew very rapidly
          in her mouth, responding to her gentle
          sucking.  When he was hard, she began to
          swish her tongue around the crown of the
          penis, working her tongue into every curve
          and crevice.  While at the same time began to
          rhythmically stroke the base of his cock with
          her hand.  The other hand squeezed his balls
          and fingered his anus.
          
          What man could sleep for long with that
          attention?  The husband was no different.  A
          groan preceded his forced wakefulness.  He
          immediately knew what was happening and cried
          out with pleasure.  A hand held the back of
          his wife's bobbing head and held her there
          making sure his pleasure would not be
          interrupted.  
          
          When he felt that an orgasm was only seconds
          away she stopped.  The husband let out a huge
          groan of despair, perhaps thinking she did
          not want to continue.  But to his surprise
          and enjoyment, Jane began to kiss her way up
          his body.  Soon she held his rock hard cock
          straight up in the air while she aimed her
          bottom.  
          
          Jane let out squeal of delight and pain, from
          sensations of her ripped and aching cunt. 
          She wanted to pleasure her partner to give
          him everything.  So she began a slow gentle
          glide up and down his hard pole.  Jane
          brought her breasts down to her husbands
          face, letting the hard nipples slide across
          his moist lips.  He was bringing his cock up
          to meet her cunt, and the sloppy sounds
          echoed about the room.  
          
          The smell of sex and something else drifted
          about he room. Hubby only noticed the
          strange, yet familiar, scent for a brief
          second before his pleasure was too much for
          him. Jane groaned out, echoing her husbands
          ecstasy.
          
          Hubby growled out loudly his sperm shooting
          out the head of his cock to drench his wife's
          vagina.  The warm cum caused Jane to finally
          reach her own orgasm, her vagina muscles
          uncontrollably milking the cock inside her.  
          
          Soon they lay exhausted and spent, both very
          happy.  
          
          Hubby rubbed his hand along his wife's back
          and buttocks, feeling the wonderful warmth
          and smoothness.  He felt down to her thighs
          and calves surprised and delighted that she
          wore stockings.  In fact it excited him
          again, and a familiar stirring could be felt
          within both sex organs.  
          
          Yet that scent again caught his attention,
          when he noticed his wife was crying gently to
          herself.  He was about to ask her what was
          wrong when he saw her left arm and then
          noticed much of the bed covers.  They were
          drenched in blood.  First thing he did was
          jump, throwing his wife to the side, he
          assumed she was hurt.    Jane again clenched
          him in her arms, looking into his eyes with
          pity and sadness.  Hubby saw a glint of ivory
          as his wife opened her mouth only slightly. 
          Two long pointy teeth were sticking out of
          her mouth! 
          
          He tried to jump backwards but Jane's hands
          held him in a steel grip, and long nails were
          breaking skin the blood dripping down to his
          hands.  She again rolled him onto his back
          and placed both knees on either side of his
          hips and held him.  Jane slowly bent forward,
          with mouth open, a spiked tongue slithered
          out to lick and moisten her lips.  
          
          Hubby got off one word before his wife placed
          her mouth around his windpipe and squeezed,
          "Jane...!"  The two teeth broke the skin and
          she began to suck.
          
          Just as she had done earlier with her two
          children, the housewife sucked the life juice
          from her husband.  After when it was all over
          she lay in a heap above the man she loved.  
          
          Jane cried!
