Archive-name: Bondage/vanilla.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Vanilla


  We lay entwined and exhausted.  I said "Mmmmmm.  That was nice.  I'm glad we 
sampled the vanilla."
  You replied "It wasn't precisely vanilla, sir.  After all,  I'm still wearing
your training collar.  I don't really think being ordered to make love 
vanilla style is quite the same as making love vanilla style."
  "Close enough.  Sorry about the trouble finding me- I thought the consuite 
was an obvious place to look."
  "That's o.k., lover.  Good night."
  "G'nighmumble"  I drifted off, feeling the comforting sensation off you 
your fingers holding me gently around the genitals.  As time wore on, I 
occasionally drifted up into a half dreaming-half 
awake state, when your holding occasionally changed into fondling.  With time
I got used to it.

  I dreamed I was standing in front of a classroom, answering questions about 
the homework, and my pants were too tight.  I was too embarrassed to
put my hands in my pants right there, but it was getting really 
uncomfortable and distracting me, and a girl in the front row was staring 
at my crotch like something really peculiar was happening there.  Finally, 
drifting into the almost awake state in which I 
can sometimes control my dreams, I decided to go stand facing the blackboard 
in the corner of the classroom, like I was peering at a diagram I had drawn,
and just stick my right hand in my pants real quick and rearrange things.  My 
fingers encountered someone else's, and something else, and I was in bed,
touching your hand and the padlock in it, that went around my balls.  And I
was coming awake real fast.  My dick got even harder than it already had in my
sleep, and my stomach clenched and fluttered with fear.  "Oh shit" I thought.
  "I wondered when you were going to wake up."
You were lying alonside me, speaking softly into my ear.  I could see your face
above mine by the light of the city coming in the hotel room window.
  "It's been about five minutes."
  The expression in your face and voice was a mixture of love, desire, and 
cat-who-just-ate-the-canary satisfaction.  You wriggled the lock a bit, 
massaging my balls with it, and my cock twitched up and banged into the sheet 
above it. 
  I had been carefully lying motionless thinking about the situation, and 
gathering my strenghth.  I suddenly grabbed for the chain around your neck.  
My fingertips slid along your skin, encountering nothing.  "Ohhhhhh shiiiiit" 
I thought.  But I figured I'd try to bluff it out.
  "Did I tell you you could take you collar off?" I snapped in my best 
masterly voice.  You stiffened and pulled into yourself for an instant, then 
mock-snarled and yanked the lock.  Not hard enough to really hurt, but it hurt 
a bit, and it sure got the idea across.  You pushed my shoulders to the 
mattress with your left hand, put your face six inches above mine and stared 
sternly into my eyes, and pulled upward on the body of the lock, pressing the 
top of the shackle into the base of my dick and pulling not quite gently on my
balls.
  "Lay perfectly still, or you really won't like it.  I was going to be gentle
with you, but it looks like I can't afford to be."  Your voice was hard.  I
couldn't hear the c-w-j-a-t-c grin in it anymore.
  I didn't move.  I couldn't move.  
  The tingling in my stomach had become became almost purely fear.  
Lots of it.  Someone with power over me was displeased with me, and I was in 
deep shit.  My cock started to wilt.  Certainly every other part of me was
paralyzed by your hand and your voice.
  "Let me make one thing perfectly clear."  You chuckled at the quote.  I 
couldn't quite.
  "I've" 
  tug
  "got"
  tug
  "you"
  tug
  "by"
  Tug
  "the"
  TUG  That one produced a twinge of pain.
  "BALLS!"
  YANK
  "Hey!"
  "Sorry, did I hurt you?", 
Hearing a normal tone of voice from you was very comforting.
  "A bit.  Any harder and it's going to cause a pain that lasts for hours."
  "How close to the edge of that was I?"
  "Right on it"
  "Gooooood.  Lets continue then."
  Yank
  "I looked for you, and you weren't there.  I thought I was going to spend
the whole weekend looking for you again.  Once was forgivable, twice isn't." 
  "That's completely unfair.  If you want to know if I'm going to be at a con,
you should try calling me first."
  "But this time you weren't where you said you'd be, and that gave me a panic.
Your fault or not, unfair or not, you're going to pay.  Any objections?"  
As your pull slowly increased, it became obvious there was only one smart 
thing to say.
  "no."  Real quietly.
  "No what?" tug
  "No Mistress" 
  You switched to pulling directly down on the lock, and your middle finger 
strayed up to the base of my cock.  You started speaking, gently now, with the
grin back in your voice.  "I seem to have been having the wrong effect on you. 
I want you hard.  Real hard."
  "All weekend."
  Gulp!  But through the apprehension, your finger's playing on my cock was
making it hard again.  Your other hand stroked the back of my neck, and you
kissed me gently on the cheek.  "If you're cooperative, it *will* be very 
pleasurable for you too." 
  "All weekend!?" I whined.
  "Yeahhh.  I don't want to worry about having to go looking for you.  I figure
you'll stay real close by, so long as I have the key to you balls."  Ear 
nibble.
  "And by the way, you can move now.  You're allowed to stroke and kiss me, 
but stay on your back."  You sat up a bit, looked down at me and grinned.  
  "Please me."
  "Sigh.  This what I get for being merciful with you.  I should have used
the locking collar after all, even if it is less comfortable to sleep in."
  "Then you would have woken up with me twisting your balls and asking for 
the key.  In a wrestling match with you holding my collar and me holding
your balls, who do think is going to win?  Now get to work.  And remember, 
stay on your back."
  I inchwormed downwards on the bed, leaned my head to the right, and started
licking and blowing on your nipple.  I could tell by your gasps I was pleasing
you.
  After much kissing, stroking and fondling, and a bit of having my face 
sat on, I was still lying on my back in the same place, with you straddling 
me, rubbing your cunt up and down against the topside of my cock, giving it 
just enough stimulation to make me want lots more.  "Your choice.  Would you 
be more comfortable wearing the lock or tied down by your hands and feet?"
  "Why don't we try just the lock.  I want to be able to put my arms around 
you.  If it starts to hurt, I'll tell you, but I think I can hold it between 
my thighs so it won't get in the way."  You slid 
down onto me, and it was wonderful.  After about fifty strokes you came.
And stopped moving.  I lay there pleading with my eyes.  
  Sitting there with me still in you, looking down at me, you asked "If you 
come now, when will you be ready again?"
  "I'm not sure.  Maybe half an hour, maybe two."
  "Good enough.  If I want you again and you're not hard, I'll make you eat and
spank you till you are."
  Hearing this made my cock twitch inside you.  You started moving again.  
  "I want you to come inside me.  With me.  When I start coming, you start 
coming too.  Or you're gonna have a bright red butt."
  Five minutes later, we came together, simultaneously, and really hard.  We
snuggled and purred together with you on top of me for a while, then you 
slid off to one side.
  As you lay alongside and on me, gently playing with my beard, you asked "So,
didn't I tell you that if you cooperated you would enjoy it?"
  "Mmm hmmm.  It felt a little wierd coming though.  Usually my balls sort of 
pull in real tight just before- with the lock there they couldn't, so it felt 
a bit uncomfortable."
  "You should have said something."
  "At that point I didn't want to stop."
  I brushed my lips gently across your cheek. "So, you've made your point 
very effectively.  Could you please take it off now?"
  "Nope."  You grinned and then chuckled.  
  "What's so funny."
  "Not that I think you'd actually be that rude, but now I don't have to 
worry about you chasing after other women at the costume party tonight.  
You'd find this rather embarrassing."  
  You wiggled the lock gently, and, amazing for so soon, my dick started to 
swell again just a bit.  "Besides, even if you were willing to show someone 
this, I'd hope she'd have enough respect for another woman's property (That
phrase made my gut clench and my dick harden even more.) to just send you away 
as soon as she saw it."
  "Also, this gives me a little more leverage (You pulled up on the lock as 
you had done before, only more gently, and giggled at your pun) in trying to
get you to wear the slave boy costume."
  My body stiffened, and my cock unstiffened.  "Ummmm.  There are some things
that sound like a lot of fun when you're horny and daydreaming, that in the 
cold light of dawn and detumescence, and thinking about actually doing them,
no longer sound like they'd be much fun.  Seriously. I'd really rather not."
  You pouted.  "I really wanted to see you in it at the party."
  We just lay there a bit, then you said "I know.  I'll give you a choice.  
You can wear the costume, or the lock.  You choose.  I'll take it off right 
now it you agree to wear the costume."
  "And right after the party if I don't?"
  TUG.  "Whenever I feel like it if I you don't.  And you'd better be good, 
and you'd better not ask to have it taken off again until I give you 
permission to beg, or I'm taking the key home with me, and sending it to you 
in the mail."  You gave me a nasty grin.  "How much do you trust the U.S. 
Mail?  So.  Which will it be?"
  This was a tough one.  Neither alternative looked real appealing, but the 
costume was definitely worse.  That wasn't just a game that was a bit too 
intense, but potential real-world embarrassment, which is something I don't
enjoy, or enjoy the actual threat of.  In fact, that threat was softening me up
again.  The best, of course, would be to get the lock off by 
myself.  "How about I sleep on it a bit.  It's a tough decision."
  "I thought you really wanted to get it off."
  "It's not all that uncomfortable now, and right now I'm leaning to going 
with the lock rather than the costume, but I want to leave the option open in 
case I change my mind."
  "If you want to wear the lock all day and then change your mind and wear the
costume, that's jsut fine with me.  Ooooo.  You're getting hard again."  You
rubbed the base af my cock a bit while rocking the lock, and nibbled on my 
ear a bit.  "Well that's too bad for you because I'm completely sated.  If you 
masturbate it's the U.S. Mail for sure.  Good night."
  We fell asleep much as before, except you held the lock instead of my cock,
and I was telling myself to wake up again in about an hour.

  I slowly drifted into wakefulness, with you fast asleep.  I carefully 
peeled your fingers off the lock.  You mumbled a bit, then went back to sleep.
Whew.  I slowly disentangled myself and drifted away from you.  You mumbled a 
bit more and went back to sleep.  Great!  I went into the bathroom, quietly
closed the door, and turned on the light.  I'd done it!  The easy part anyway.
I wasn't going to masturbate, even though I was rather horny.  While I didn't
think you really meant it about mailing me the key, it wasn't worth the risk.
I set about searching through my knapsack for the old street cleaner bristle
that I had stuck in there two years ago and never done anything with, and my 
pliers.  A little breaking and twisting later, and I had crude but just 
barely servicable lockpicking tools.  I'm not real good at it, but I've opened 
Master locks repeatedly when I was in practice; they have pretty crude 
cylinders.  I carefully rotated the lock about my balls so the keyhole 
pointed up.
  It wasn't a Master.  It wasn't anything I had ever heard of before.
  I worked on it for about five minutes, and got absolutely nowhere.  I was 
starting to think about giving up and going back to bed, when the decision
was made for me.
  The door sprang open.  "Gotcha!  Now you're really in for it!"  You were 
brandishing a belt.  "I told you...
  "Oh.  I guess I didn't tell you not to try to pick the lock."  A huge smug 
grin covered your face.  "That's because I didn't have to."
  "I figured you might try that, so I asked my friend Harry about picking 
locks, and what kind are really difficult.  He said no one he knows can do 
these, not even most locksmiths, they've got some wierd kind of rotating pins 
with angled cuts.  The key is really bizarre looking."
  "Could I see it?"
  Grin.  "What kind of fool do you take me for."
  "It was worth a try."
  You reached down and tugged lightly.  "No it wasn't.  And the fact you even 
tried it shows disrespect.  Watch yourself."
  "The New England distributor could make a key for you, except that I ground
the serial number off.  Besides, they're  500 miles away and they're closed 
for the weekend.  The shackle's hardened like a Kryptonite lock, you can break 
it with liquid nitrogen and a hammer, or saw it off with a day's work and a 
dozen hacksaw blades.  It would take you a long time to find locksmith who 
could pick it, and it would be real embarrassing.  Any other bright ideas?"
  I thought a while.  You'd anticipated everything.
  "Nope."
  "So I've really got you good, don't I.  Just thinking about how well I've 
got you is making me hot.  Go get back in the bed- you're gonna get fucked 
again."
  
  The next morning (after having me kneel in front
of a chair, tying me to it so I could barely move anything, including my head,
and fucking my face for a while, followed by screwing with me lying on top of 
you with the lock off, but with my hands tied behind my back, followed by a 
little more snuggling, the last bit with the lock back on because I wanted to 
be able to put my arms around you too) we went out for  breakfast, and to enjoy
the con.  A fairly baggy pair of pants, loose underwear not pulled all the way
up, and a harness made of string to support the weight of the lock allowed me 
to walk around without too much discomfort.  Mostly it was a usual day at a 
science fiction convention, except that I did all the running back to the room
for stuff, carrying freebies, getting glasses of water, etc.  I kept expecting
to hear someone mutter "Wow, she's sure got him by the balls."  I was real 
aware of my movements, because my balls felt real vulnerable, and I knew a 
slight blow from bumping into a table or something, that I normally wouldn't 
even notice, would hurt real bad.  And I was always real aware of anything you 
might possibly want from me, so I could jump to it instantly.  Your wish was 
my command.  The constant undertone of knowing that, at every instant of the 
day, you had my balls, even if you weren't in sight (not that that happened 
often, you sure didn't have any trouble keeping track of me at this con!) kept
me constantly horny, which you took great advantage of.  
  "This panel is boring me.  We're going back to the room."
  "But it's just been a half an hour since the last time.  And it's been a long
day.  I might not be hard again yet."
  "Then I'll just spank your butt 'till you get hard."
  And you did.  And I did.  And then you made me eat you, and left me 
unsatisfied.
  "That's for not following orders fast enough, and tiring my hand out."  Grin.
"Besides, it ought to put you in a better mood to enjoy the costume party.  
By the way, I want to spend the rest of the afternoon talking with some old 
friends, so don't go hanging around me anymore.  I know you want the key back, 
but you're not getting it until sometime after the party, and
hanging around will just annoy me and make me keep it longer.  I'll
meet you in the consuite at six for dinner.  Oh, by the way, you'd really
better be there when I come looking."
  "Yes, Mistress."
  The next two hours of the con were even worse than what had gone before.  I 
was really aware of the lock, and of the fact that you weren't right there 
with the key.  But the worst part was sitting in the consuite until 
seven thirty, wondering if you'd gone out to dinner with your friends, or gone 
to spend the evening at someone's apartment in town, or what.  Were you even
going to show up again bfore my ride for home left next afternoon? When you 
did show up a wave of relief rolled over me.  After a nice dinner with your 
friends, and stopping off at the rooms for our costumes, a quicky hand job for
you, and nothing for me, we headed off to the costume party.
  The costume party was, indeed, fun, except that whenever you thought I was 
enjoying a chain-mail bikini a bit too much, (which in my desparately horny 
state I was much inclined to do), you'd lean over and whisper "I wonder what 
she'd say if she knew you had my lock on your balls", which would quiet me 
right down again.  
  After it ended, you decided we would go party hopping.  I just wanted to
go back to the room and fuck, but what I wanted didn't seem real important.
In an isolated stairwell, you said "You can beg to have the lock off now."
  I did so. I kneeled.  I groveled.  I kissed your feet.  I kissed your crotch.
I groveled some more.  You said "No".  I begged some more.
  "Your permission to beg is removed," you snapped.  Seeing how I cringed, you
smiled gently at me, not playing the harsh mistress anymore.  "Don't worry, 
I'm not really mad.  You're doing just what I want you to do."  You reached 
down and stroked my face.  "Let's head off to the parties." 
  Finally you got bored with party hopping, and we went back to the room.
The door closed.  "Kneel."  I did.  
  After I did a lot more begging, some of it naked, you said, "I'm going to 
release you soon.  Now I could go through all kinds of shenanigans tying you 
up and blindfolding you so you can't see where I put the lock and key, or you 
can just promise to keep your eyes closed and not move until I say you're 
released."
  "Why not just unlock me?"
  "I want to make sure I can do this to you again, and I don't want you 
seeing how the key works.  That might help you figure out how to pick this.  
And I don't want you stealing the lock and throwing it away."
  "Okay, I promise."  I knelt there, eyes closed, hands behind my back, dick 
sticking strait out.  I felt you working at my balls, and the lock came off.
"Aaaaaaah", I sighed in relief.  I knelt the same way for a while, while I 
listened to you fumbling around in your stuff.  I heard you come stand in front
of me, felt you stroking my neck softly, smelled your heat.  I shivered, but 
otherwise remained immobile, getting incredibly hard.
  "You're released."
  I sprang up, grabbed you and threw you to the bed, and right away we were
fucking like crazed weasels.  Before long we were drained and exhausted by an
incredible blast of ecstasy, and starting to doze off again.  I had felt a full
release of a sort I never really get while enslaved; it was a very full day's 
worth of crazed weasel energy you got.
  "Do you promise not to put that on me again if I fall asleep next to you?"
  "Ohhh no."  Grin. "No promises.  I won't do it real often, but anytime you 
sleep with me you take a chance I may decide to do this again.  Are you 
willing to pay that price?"
  I looked back on our weekend.  I hadn't come that often in twenty four hours
since I was a teenager.  And the last one was incredible.  You had made it
pleasurable.
  And I thought about doing a preemptive strike with a pair of handcuffs. 
  "Sure."

--
