Archive-name: Casual/vansex.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Anal Virgin


You know what happened to me the other night?  I went out drinking with Jill, a
friend of mine, and we ran into some guys we know.  We sat around drinking and
talking for a long time.  I don't drink much, and after a while I was really,
really drunk and feeling funny.  I suspect that there was something potent
other than alcohol in that drink.  I asked Jill to take me home, but she asked
me to wait.  In a few minutes I realized that I couldn't move a muscle, not
even to open my eyes.  Jill looked at me and said, "Oh, shit!  Karen's passed
out cold.  Well, I've got to take her home.  Help me get her to the car."

Jill wasn't exactly sober herself.  She wasn't far from joining me collapsed in
a chair.  I was hoping she wouldn't try to drive, but I didn't want to stay
here.  Finally one of the guys suggested that they drive us home.  One guy
would take Jill's car and take her home.  The other guy would take me home in
his van, then drive over to pick up his friend.  Had Jill not been drunk, she
wouldn't take these strangers up on their offer, but not wanting to wake up her
brother to come get us, she agreed.  I didn't like this idea, but I had no way
of expressing my opinion.

One of the guys picked me up in his arms and walked out carrying me.  He put me
in the back of his van, and we drove off.  After he had driven for about twenty
minutes, he tried to wake me up.

After about five minutes he gave up trying.  He drove for about ten minutes
more, and I knew I was in trouble.  He turned off his engine, and it was real
quiet.  No city noises, just crickets chirping.  We were out in the middle of
absolutely nowhere.  I felt a hand on my thigh as my dress was raised up over
my waist.  He gasped.  I cursed myself for having worn the sheer pink panties I
had on.  You could see every hair, every detail of my pussy through them.
Maybe he would just look, jerk off, then take me home.

No such luck.  I felt his hands slide down my hips as he took my panties and
pulled them down to my ankles and off my feet.  Then I felt both hands on my
thighs as he spread them apart as far as they would go.  I still hoped he would
get his rocks off by looking.

But then I felt his fingers spread my pussy lips.  I hoped he wouldn't stick
anything in me, because my twat was bone dry.  All he was doing, though, was
rubbing my clit.  I could take that if he didn't get too heavy handed.

Although I was paralysed, my body responded.  I felt my cunt get wet and my
clit begin to get stiff.  That was great.  My body had as much as given him a
written invitation.  After he had me good and wet, he stuck two fingers in my
hole, twisted them around, and started finger-fucking me while he continued to
massage my clit.  This wasn't as bad as I dreaded.  My juices had me good and
wet, so I was lubricated for his fingers.

The finger-fucking continued forever, it seemed like.  He kept thrusting and
jamming his fingers in me.  Then he added another finger, then another.  I
would be sore in the morning, not from the friction, but he was stretching the
hell out of me.  I wouldn't have thought I could take three fingers, much less
four.  I was just hoping he wouldn't go overboard and try to go all the way
with five fingers and try to fist-fuck me.  Finally I felt the first tingle of
an orgasm building.  My body was betraying me.  I didn't want this, I didn't
want his fingers in me, and I most certainly didn't want an orgasm from it.  No
luck, however.  I felt a wrenching wave emanate from my twat and radiate over
my whole body.  Before that wave had dissipated, another one came, then another
and another.  Each wave was stronger than the one before.  Such orgasms
normally would have had me screaming and gasping, but I still couldn't so much
as twitch a muscle.  Finally, the last orgasm rolled over me.  I thought I
would blow my ovaries out through my tightly filled fuckhole.

I'll have to admit, though, his timing was perfect.  At the precise moment of
my last orgasm, he withdrew his fingers with a sucking popping noise.  My hole
felt cold on the INSIDE!  My cunt had been stretched so wide that it didn't
close when he pulled his fingers out.  My pussy was ruined for life.

I hoped he was finally finished with me, but boy, was I wrong!  I hadn't
thought of the point that, with both hands busy on my cunt, he hadn't had the
chance to get his own rocks off.  He rolled me over onto my stomach, spread my
legs, and slid a cushion under my hips.  My asshole was exposed this way, what
with my ass cheeks spread.  I felt a little insistant prod at my asshole, which
was good and tight.  But, I felt something push past the initial tightness and
slide it's way easily into my rectum.  It had to be his finger, greased with
something.  After he wiggled his finger in my ass and finger-fucked me for a
few seconds, I realized what he was doing.  He was greasing me up for something
big.  I had never had any guy express any interest in my ass before.  And
except for one incident in my childhood when, out of curiousity, I stuck my own
finger in my ass during a night-time exploration, I was an anal virgin.  I
figured that was about to end.

I guess I was no longer fearing or hoping anything except that I could take his
dick or whatever he was going to stick up my ass.  I just wanted him to hurry
and finish up without hurting me and take me on home.  I felt his weight on my
back, and felt something huge poking at my anus.  It spread my tight little
hole wider and wider.  I thought that I would split wide open, but surprisingly
enough, his pole just slipped right in.  His grease job worked well enough, but
he was huge, though.  I thought he would never quit sliding in his rod.  He was
going deeper and deeper.  Why couldn't he have a little dinky prick like all
the guys I've ever been in the sack with?

Finally, I felt his hips slam against my ass cheeks.  That meant he was all the
way in.  I guessed now my cunt wasn't the only thing stretched out of shape.

The bad part was, I liked it!  Like I said, I was an anal virgin.  I never
thought that there could be any pleasure in getting rammed from behind like
this.

After a couple of slow strokes, he started pumping with a vengeance.  His balls
slapped against my cunt.  Although I had expected the tightness of my ass to
make this painful, it didn't happen.  The reaming I was getting didn't hurt at
all.  As a matter of fact, like I said, I was starting to get to like anal sex.
My body was beginning to flood with a warm, deliciously full feeling.  His tool
easily slid in and out.  I was getting jostled and shaken with each stroke,
getting shoved across the floor of his van.  If I could have moved, I don't
think I would have.  I was afraid if I moved, it WOULD hurt.

Finally, as luck would have it, just as I felt the first twinges of my first
anal orgasm begin to develop, he groaned, jammed his tool into my ass, held it
in and tried to grind it in even deeper, pulling on my hips the whole time.  I
felt his pole spasming, hosing my bowels down with his gush of come.

Then he just relaxed and laid on top of me.  His prick softened, shrank, and
whatever residual tightness my violated ass had left squeezed him out.  I was
frustrated with this.  I had changed my mind about an orgasm.  As little as I
wanted this anal rape, I would have at least liked to have gotten an orgasm
from it.

He finally put my clothes back on me, and took me home.  He put me on my bed at
my apartment, clothes and all still on me.  One thing, though.  Before he left,
he raised my skirt, reached down in my panties, stuck his fingers between my
cuntlips, and gave my clit one last caress.

I fell asleep shortly after that.  When I woke up the next morning, I
remembered my anal pleasure and my anal almost orgasm.  I finished myself off,
anally speaking, with a huge dildo Jill gave me as a gag gift.  I use that
dildo in my ass a lot now.  I have seen the light of anal sex!

--
