VARSITY FOOTBALL TEAM

Chris was on the J.V. football team at his high school.  He was hot and
sweaty from the rigorous practice on the field and was ready to enjoy a
long hot shower in the locker room.  Chris walked in carrying his helmet
under his arm, when all of a sudden a couple of varsity players grabbed
his arms, put a gag on his mouth, and hauled him to the varsity locker
room.  Chris struggled, but the superior strength of the varsity players
overwhelmed him.

Once in the room, Chris's arms and legs were secured to the wall with
heavy metal chains.  Chris strained against the chains, with his
football pads tight on his arms and legs, but could not wriggle free.
One of the handsome senior varsity players walked up and reached his
hand under Chris's shirt and pads, and felt out Chris's chest, stomach,
and upper body build.  He then reached down Chris's pants, under Chris's
hard jock strap plate, and cupped his hand around Chris's penis.  "not
bad." he said to the other team members.

The team began to feel out Chris through the pads, pressing hard on
Chris's shoulders, stroking the pads under his tight football pants,
knocking on Chris's jock strap plate, and feeling out Chris's ass around
the backbone pad.  Chris struggled against the chains, and tried not to
succumb to the sexual excitement generated by such stimulation.  After a
short time, the handsome senior pushed the others out of the way, then
unbelted and unlaced Chris's pants.  He slid the pants down halfway,
cramping Chris's legs with the pads and the wide elastic of the jock
strap.  Chris's penis hung limp and sweaty buried in a bed of steamy
pubic hair.

The jock pulled a white towel from the pants of one of his pals, and
wiped the sweat off Chris's penis in rough masculine strokes which
stimulated the penis to an erection.  Then, after ripping off the gag,
he put his hands on Chris's jaw and forehead, and pulled Chris's mouth
open.  The senior leaned his head forward, and dived tongue first into a
french kiss, pressing his tight football pants against Chris's bare
genitals, his padded thighs against Chris's bare thighs, and his broad
shoulder pads against Chris's.  Chris tried to resist, struggled against
the chains, attempted to close his mouth, but could not resist the
virile power of this single imposing male youth.

After the tongue had completely penetrated Chris's mouth, the man knelt
before Chris's body, and began a blow job with experienced masculine
ease.  Chris felt saliva dripping from his penis as the tongue
stimulated it from various angles, and all parts of this man's lips
teeth and mouth touched the most sensitive regions of Chris's genitals.
Chris felt his penis sliding in and out with uncanny rhythm, and in less
than two minutes, the mouth slipped off the flesh of Chris's penis which
then excitedly spurted semen into drops on the floor.

Then the senior varsity football player sat back, and watched as the
other members of the team did the same to Chris.  The deep stimulating
kisses, and tongues exploring his mouth followed by unrelenting
excitation of his organ were trying on Chris's body.  He struggled
against the bondage, but always to no avail, simply exciting his
captors.

Some of the players which had already performed on Chris tongued each
other's mouths, and crotch grinded through their jock straps and tight
football knee pants.  Chris could barely believe his eyes, as he watched
the sexual excitement in the room while acts were being performed on his
genitals.  Then, finally, all the varsity youths had finished their
business with Chris.

Chris was exhausted with lust and passion.  The football players were
busy kissing, feeling, petting, and putting their pads where they
shouldn't be.  They lifted each other's shirts, and unclasped their
shoulder pads, reducing the upper body bulk.  Chris could see the
outlines of firm and powerful chests underneath the half-length sweat
covered gray T-shirts.  The bulges of the pads under their tight pants
only suggested the possible wondrous things that were buried underneath.
The men stood in a circle around Chris, and lifted their shirts to
exhibit their prime chests and finely tuned muscles.  Their adolescent
bodies were fully developed, and Chris lusted to get his hands on their
chests. Chris struggled harder than ever against the chains to try to
reach just one of the perfect chests on the handsome bodies.

Then the team knelt down while the senior jock stepped forward, and
Chris noticed his chest had a broad firmness of unbelievable
proportions.  One of the players carefully unlaced the captain's pants,
and slipped them off his legs.  The senior stepped out of his pants, and
slipped his cup off to reveal his sweaty, bulging penis.  Chris was
overwhelmed by the full handsomeness of this naked male, and could not
believe a high school student could have such a perfect build.

The team members released Chris's chains, carried him over to a cot, and
chained him face down.  As Chris was carried he tried to feel the
handsome bare torsos of the teammates who lifted him off the ground.
Chris felt wonderfully smooth flesh covered with athletic sweat hauling
his steamy and exhausted body.  The sensual excitement was almost
unbearable to his tired penis.

As Chris lay chained to the cot, he saw the nude body of the senior move
around behind him.  Chris felt the handsome man climb on the cot above
him, and his exposed ass tingled with anticipation.  Chris felt a large
sweaty penis of unbelievable size thrust between the cheeks of Chris's
behind, driving into Chris's body.  The heavy V-shaped torso of the team
captain settled on Chris's shoulder pads, the thighs around Chris's ass
hole, and the legs around Chris's chained legs.  Chris moaned with
ecstasy as the throbbing organ thrust itself into full penetration of
Chris's rear.  The football youth's pelvic region tensed and relaxed
against Chris's ass as the bone drove powerfully into Chris's body,
touching Chris's deepest desires.  The throbbing organ pushed repeatedly
into Chris's body, sliding along the passage through the ass hole
prepared for it.  Chris was overpowered with lust for this powerful
young man, this football player with an unsurpassed sexual power.  Up
and down Chris felt the fles h of thi youth riding him, thrusting with
increasing urgency, reaching towards the moment of orgasm with excited
pleasure.

Suddenly, the pelvic region thrusted with a bolt of energy against
Chris's rear, and Chris felt the penis slide forcefully to a point
deeper than ever before.  The penis widened, pressing against Chris's
sensitive ass hole walls as the semen rushed down the delivery system to
its destination.  Chris felt pulse after pulse after pulse as the heavy
player above him rested all his weight on Chris's back, and his penis
rushed this football player's sexual fluids deep into Chris's behind.
Then there was a calm after the storm as the two inter-connected men
panted their breath back.  Then Chris felt the captain place his hands
on either side of Chris's shoulder pads, and slowly lift the penis from
the crevice, sliding out, and out, dripping various sexual substances
around the hole.  Then just the tip was in Chris's ass, and it escaped
to the air too.

The powerful youth walked around in front of Chris, and turned Chris's
head so it was resting on Chris's chin.  Chris saw the huge penis, as
much as five inches long, bouncing between the man's legs, and dripping
semen from the tip.  His strong sweaty hands wrapped around Chris's chin
and forehead as before, but this time, the youth slipped his penis right
into Chris's mouth.  Chris could smell and taste a mixture of semen,
sweat, and shit, so Chris carefully licked the fluids from the penis
taking special care to clean off the small blobs of semen around the
slit on the head of the penis.  Chris's teeth nibbled the soft warm
surface, and tongue danced circles around the most sensitive parts of
the huge organ.  Just two thirds of the penis easily touched the back of
Chris's throat, causing his tongue to try to swallow the huge dick.  The
captain gave one thrust, and the tip slipped down the back of Chris's
throat, and Chris's face was pressed against the pelvis of the handsome
hunk.  Chris wish ed he could bite off the meat, and hold it there for
the rest of his life, but he settled to clean the bone right down to the
base, where there was a bed of wiry pubic hair.

When the football captain finally slipped his penis out, it was shining
clean with saliva from Chris's mouth, and the sexual juices were gone.
The hunk walked back, and sat down to watch the next performance, his
sexual energy only partially spent.  Chris was resting, savoring the
juices in his mouth, when suddenly, another player climbed on him and a
fresh limp penis slipped into Chris's mouth simultaneously.  Chris felt
a new, somewhat shorter penis slip into his rear that begin thrusting
wildly.  The man in front was not thrusting yet, because his limp penis
was completely enveloped by Chris's mouth.  Chris began to wiggle and
chew on the limp penis in his mouth, slowly bringing an erection in the
most delightful way possible.  Meanwhile, the jock on Chris's back was
aggressively thrusting his bone into Chris's rear orifice.  Chris was
very excited as the pelvic flesh pressed against his rear, and his mouth
was buried in the sweaty pubic region between the legs of another
powerful athlete.

Quickly, the penis in Chris's mouth was hardening, standing out, and
pushing against the back of Chris's mouth.  In and out the penis slid
from above.  The youth standing in front of Chris was moaning with
pleasure, and began pelvic thrusting to increase the stimulation.  Both
of Chris's orifices were filled with the two fleshy sensuous organs,
pushing in and out, driving the pleasure deep into Chris's body.  The
tip of the penis in Chris's mouth slid along the moistened passage
prepared by his tongue, and his tongue only had to press against the
side of the moving organ to increase the stimulation of the huge piece
of flesh.  Chris's artful stimulation soon produced the desired results,
and the naked hunk before him moaned, thrust, and released the orgasmic
fluids into Chris's mouth.  Chris's tongue caught the sticky fluid as it
came out in spurts, and wrapped the juice mixed with saliva around the
boner, driving the player to a heightened state of sexual pleasure that
was almost painful.  The orgasm of the hunk standing in front of Chris
excited the man who was butt-fucking Chris into deeper and more powerful
thrusts.  Soon another lot of semen was delivered into Chris's rear as
Chris finished cleaning off the penis of the other football hunk.  When
the man in front of Chris slipped his penis out, he collapsed on the
floor, completely overcome by the orgasm.  Again, the penis was lifted
from Chris's rear, and brought around front for cleaning.

This was repeated eight more times, and Chris's mouth was filled with
the flavor of sex an passion.  They were all exhausted from their
activities, and laid around the floor, sweaty and naked, restoring their
sexual energy.

After a while, several naked hunks gathered around Chris and released
Chris's chains.  Chris felt hands reaching under his remaining football
clothes, releasing clasps, reaching under pads, and slowly removing all
of Chris's football uniform.  Chris was still in a daze from sex, as the
muscular arms grasped Chris's chest, groin, and legs, and lifted Chris
off the cot.  Chris was carried to the communal football showers, were
in a mass of flesh, the sweat and grime was rubbed from everyone's
bodies.  Hands grasped penises and rubbed them excitedly.

Chris was laid on an air mattress in the center of the showers where
less water was falling, Chris looked up, and saw water dripping from the
gorgeous bodies of the husky youths.  One by one they knelt down, and
rubbed soap all over Chris's genital region, stroking the smooth soap up
and down Chris's penis.  Other men knelt beside Chris, dripping water
from their handsome hair, and put their mouths on Chris's nipples
sucking them to points of sexual stimulation.  Hands cupped Chris's
chest muscles, and explored the shape of Chris's deltoids and biceps
with strokes and gentle touches designed to heighten Chris's sexual
level.  Fingers, penises, and tongues were inserted into Chris's mouth
in all combinations.  All the time, Chris looked up and saw water
dripping from all portions of human male anatomy, the running sound of
the showers in the background.  Chris's penis shot powerful jets of
semen into the air, relieving the sexual pressure.  It dribbled all over
the hair, tongues, and pen ises of the men around Chris, and landed in
droplets all over Chris's exposed body.

Chris was lifted up from the mattress, and felt the bulging biceps
supporting Chris's entire bulk.  While being held firmly in the air,
hands rubbed soap all over Chris's body, cleaning off the remnants of
the sexual fluids.  Hand reached into all cracks and crevices of Chris's
body, and around the curves of every one of Chris's muscles.  Special
care was taken in scouring Chris's genital area even further.  Then
Chris was carried out of the shower by all the dripping hunks.

In the locker room, towels were rubbed all over Chris's body, and the
upper bodies of the men holding him, to get Chris dry.  Chris's penis
was rubbed with careful sensual strokes to get the water off of it.
Then Chris was placed on a massage table where he could watch the
handsome hunks dry each other.  Chris could see that all these youths
were in their bloom, their sinewy bodies at the prime of manhood.  The
captain's burly chest was dried from behind by his subordinate naked
teammates.  He lifted his arms, his robust build shimmering with
muscular development.  Chris watched his soft underarm hair dried off
from behind, and his bulging biceps straining against the limits of his
bare flesh. Other teammates were laying between the captain's legs,
drying the handsome genitals from below.

When the men were finished drying off, half of them laid on tables next
to Chris, and the other half took bottles of massage oil to loosed the
tense muscles of their teammates.  To Chris's surprise, the handsome
naked captain walked over and began to massage Chris's back.  The firm
powerful strokes excited Chris.  Chris could tell this vibrant youth was
an experienced manipulator, as Chris's shoulder muscles were rubbed into
submission, and his buttocks were firmed by the stimulating touch of
this handsome man.  Chris felt the oiled hands slip deep into the crack
of Chris's buttocks, lubricating the passage for future exploits.  Chris
got a chance to reach his hand out, and grasp the balls of this rugged
hunk. He seemed to enjoy Chris's interest, and cupped one of his hands
over Chris's, holding Chris's hand over the area of his manhood. Even
with one hand, this young hulk rubbed the smooth massage oil artfully
into Chris's tired muscles.

Chris had trouble releasing the wonderful balls as this athlete walked
further back to manipulate Chris's leg muscles.  The man's thumbs rubbed
along the edge of Chris's thighs and slid up alongside Chris's balls.
Some oil was rubbed gently into Chris's balls by the warm large skilled
hands.

The captain grasped Chris's buttocks and turned Chris over to work on
the other side.  Chris could see the other men in the room rubbing their
hands into the private regions of each other's anatomy.  One team member
was rubbing oil onto his charge from his broad strong chest, pressing
the curved firm muscles along his friend's chest muscles.  Oil glimmered
from the naked bodies all over the room.  Suddenly, Chris's attention
was snapped back as the handsome captain leaned over Chris's chest, and
pressed his strong hands against Chris's neck.  The youth's nipples were
pointy from feeling the smooth curves of Chris's body, and Chris was
enthralled with the firm strokes easing the tension from his neck and
shoulders.  The wonderful hands traveled in circles around Chris's chest
muscles, and cupped around Chris's arm muscles.  Chris could not resist
reaching his hands forward and pressing them against the huge
well-developed pectorals on this football player's handsome vibrant
chest.  The varsity player continued to rub oil into Chris's chest,
then carefully stimulated Chris's nipples by rubbing his oiled
fingertips against them.  Chris rested his arms at his sides, satisfied
that this man's muscles were as iron hard as they looked.

The massaging hands continued down Chris's torso, along Chris's stomach
muscles, hardened from hours of weight lifting.  The delightful hands
bypassed around Chris's genital area, saving it for last, and carefully
manipulated Chris's tired leg muscles.  When the hands came back and
rubbed the oil around Chris's penis, then along the sides of the organ,
Chris was unbelievably excited.  Then the massage was finished, and the
youth's warm hand helped Chris stand up from the table.  Chris's entire
body glistened with oil, and the shapes of all his muscles gleamed in
the light.  Other men in the room looked similar, exciting Chris
sexually.

The captain laid down on the same table face up, and another gleaming
hunk helped Chris's head down toward the youth's neck to begin a
complete tongue bathing.  Chris licked all over the man's neck, and
along his wonderful arms. The huge radius of the handsome hunk's
muscular upper arms were wonderful to Chris as his tongue lubricated the
entire surface.  When Chris lifted his head for a break he saw his
handsome lover below him, eyes closed, enjoying Chris's tongue bath.
His penis lay resting between his legs, the same powerful love stick
that had given the bone to Chris.  Chris bent down again, and began
licking the large surface area of the rock hard chest.  The v-shape of
this athlete's prize body was perfect, better than any model Chris had
ever seen. Chris sucked on the nipples with lots of enthusiasm, causing
the captain to moan with pleasure.

Chris continued his tongue trip down the hunk of flesh, traveling over
the rock hard well-defined ripples of the youth's stomach.  Chris licked
around the genital area with the quivering penis resting in a bed of
hair, waiting for another slot to enter.  Chris licked right down the
hairy athletic legs of this man, savoring the muscular shape and clean
taste of the flesh.  Chris licked around the bed of wiry pubic hair, all
over the surface of the scrotum, and finally Chris engulfed the penis in
his mouth savoring the sexual taste of the organ.

After a while, the athlete's strong arms lifted Chris's head, so he
could turn over on the massage table.  Chris began at the neck again,
this time licking the muscular rippling surface of the powerful back.
Down the v-shaped torso, and around the legs.  Chris licked around the
buttocks in circles, and slowly closed in on the crack in the middle.
Chris used his hands to separate the buttocks, and pressed his face
firmly against the huge muscles, sliding his tongue as deep into the
crack as he could. The stimulation had brought on another erection for
Chris, and Chris saw his chance.  With a speed which surprised him,
Chris climbed on the captain's back, and slid his penis in the saliva
wetted hole.

Instead of pushing him away, as Chris though might happen, the athlete's
hands came up, grasped Chris's buttocks, and pulled Chris deeper inside.
As Chris began thrusting into the beautiful crevice, he was instantly
invigorated by the amount of sexual contact.  Chris's chest pressed
firmly against the brawny back, his arms rested along the sides of the
athlete's chest, his hands felt the hidden power in the saliva cleaned
biceps, his shoulders felt the bulging strength in the football player's
deltoids, his legs wrapped around the superbly formed football player's
legs, his pelvis rested on the firm muscular buttocks, and his penis was
completely surrounded by the interior of the hunk's body. Chris felt
those same forceful hands on his buttocks, first enlarging the crack,
then slipping a wide finger deep into Chris's butt.

Chris was butt-fucking and being finger fucked by the most handsome man
in the entire high-school.  Chris could feel all the wonderful muscles
below him built up from hours of football and weight lifting.  Chris
slid his penis in and out the big man's rear.  The pressure of the
powerful buttocks on Chris's penis was unbelievable, as the fingers
slipped in and out along the most sensitive part of Chris's ass.  Chris
moved his hand down, reached under the buttocks, and grasped the huge
penis below. Bracing his body against his hands below, Chris drove
deeper into the handsome hunk, flesh and muscle in contact everywhere.
Chris's hands manipulated the penis below, fingers rubbed his ass.
Heat, sweat, and sexual passion engulfed Chris and the captain.  Chris's
mouth explored the neck and powerful deltoids of the forceful youth
below.

The athlete's butt muscles began pulsing in a mesmerizing fashion,
drawing Chris's penis deeper inside.  One of the captain's fingers
remained deep in Chris's rear while the other hand came around to
Chris's mouth and slipped a finger inside.  Chris's orifices were filled
with fingers, his penis was drawn still deeper inside, his hands grasped
at the giant bone below, and arms drew the youthful body even tighter
and closer than before.  Chris's entire being focused on his penis, the
most special connection between them.  With a final powerful thrust,
Chris's penis slipped deep into the handsome man's body, and released
powerful spurts, causing Chris's entire body to quiver from the orgasm.
Deep inside the semen flew as Chris emptied his body into this most
handsome hunk.  The athlete quivered below as his penis jumped into
action all over the massage table.  They were both exhausted from their
workouts, and especially from their sex.

They relaxed together, completely spent, unable to even remove their
sexual connections. Strong arms grasped Chris's body, lifting it off the
captain. They cleaned Chris's sex off, and helped Chris and the captain
dress in bikini shorts, tight jeans, and athletic football T-shirts.
Chris and the captain hugged and kissed, loving their forbidden
relationship.  Chris knew this could never happen again until he made
his way to the varsity team.  He watched the sexy hunks walk away, aware
of the powerful sexual influences driving them to victory.  One day it
would happen again, thought Chris.

