In the Vash
by 
Sklya
Skyla@AOL.COM


	"I wish you were here," Picard said.  His heat
carried right through the terminal.
	"I wish I were there, too," Vash replied
wistfully.  "But we have got the weekend."
	"Yes," he sighed.  But the heat remained
throughout the conversation.  As soon as he
said, "Picard, out" Vash knew what she had to
do.  Jean-Luc was horny and she was so wet
that she would have to change into a fresh set
of panties.  So what if it was only Tuesday. 
So what if he was light years away at Starbase
7 as the Enterprise was being refitted.  
Checking shuttle schedules, she saw that if she
left on the next one she could be there by that
night.  Perfect.
	Touching the terminal to send Jean-Luc a
message, and let him know she was on her
way, she paused even as the link was being
established.  Cancelling the link, a wicked
smile lit up her fine features.  No, she wouldn't
contact him.  She would surprise him.  What
man didn't dream of  a hot woman showing up
on a lonely starbase out of the blue?
	Hurriedly she packed an overnight bag. 
She set out a skirt, blouse, jacket, and the
scarf that Jean-Luc had gave her the last time
they were together.  It was relatively
conservative.  Not overly so, however, she
was Vash.  But often the shuttles were
crowded with many unsavory types.  Not to
mention the Ferengi.  She had no particular
distaste for Ferengi, in fact she had often done
business with them and occasionally this had
included a mutually satisfying liaison.  Today,
however, she had only one man on her mind. 
On the outside she seemed calm, detached,
icy.  But underneath, now that was a different
story.
	She got naked and confronted her closet. 
This would take some thought.  Glancing up at
the clock, she cursed.  When it came to
lingerie, a woman shouldn't be rushed.  Not
when that was all she planned to be wearing
when Jean-Luc stated in that flat, irritating
voice of his, "Enter," when the computer
informed him someone was at his door.  This
should wipe that smug smile off his face.
	Finally she settled on a silk camisole and a
pair of stockings with lace garters.  
	No panties.  She liked the idea of riding
on a shuttle, modest as could be to the outside
world, able to feel the warm breeze of the air
ventilators caress her  with the slightest spread
of her legs. 
	She virtually pranced into the shuttle when
she arrived at the spaceport.  Long hair
tucked up, lips adorned with no more than a
touch of lipstick, she was indeed the image of 
a prim and proper archaeologist.  But she
knew better.
	The shuttle was relatively empty, thanks to
the mid-week lull.  She settled down and
buried her nose in a PADD on the new digs
that were being initiated in the Kenogd
system.  This lasted only moments before she
called up a steamy Romulan erotic classic. 
She was going to be ready for the captain.
	"Vash,? Is that you?"
	Vash nearly jumped out of her seat,
interrupted just as two of the characters in the
story were climaxing.  A boy, actually a young
man, was peering at her from the seat across
the small aisle. 
	"Wesley?  You are Dr. Crusher's son." 
She asked.  She had met Wesley a few years
earlier while visiting on the Enterprise.  Since
then he had turned from a gangling boy into a 
handsome young man.
	He smiled, hopping up and extending his
hand.  She shook it weakly, a bit dazed.  How
grown up he looked.  Four years had certainly
ironed out a few awkwardnesses.
	"Going to Starbase 7?" he asked.
	"Um, yes," she said.  She sounded more
hesitant than she meant to be.  She was too
deep  in her mood to carry on a normal
conversation.  He seemed to sense that.  They
exchanged ritual pleasantries, asked how each
had been doing over the last several years.  It
seemed he was on break and was planning on
visiting his mother.  Thanks to a lucky
scheduling of shuttles, it seemed he would
arrive two days sooner than originally thought. 
A nice surprise for his mom. After more small
talk he gracefully went back to his PADD on
quantum fluctuations in warp fields.
	A chapter later, she had become intensely
aware of the hard prefab seat pressing hard
against her butt.  The cheeks of her ass
clenched involuntarily.  The Romulan story
was really good, her images of what she'd do
to Jean-Luc were intense, and . . .
	And, damn it, the presence of Wesley was
contributing to it, too.  Although he was but a
boy the last time they met, he was now a
handsome young man.  The academy uniform
he was wearing had a very promising bulge.  
She started to watch him out of the corner of
her eye.  Soon she noticed that he had
dropped his hand to his lap and was slowly
massaging his cock - trying to be as
inconspicuous as possible.  
	"Quantum fluctuations, I bet." She thought. 
He was probably reading one of the Rigel
holo-novels.  Stories that played themselves
out in three dimensions, even on the flat screen
of a PADD.
	Vash was now in serious distress. 
Something hard under her was not enough. 
She needed something hard inside her.
	"Excuse me," she told Wesley.  She
rushed back to the small lavatory in the rear
and latched herself in.
	At last, she took her skirt completely off
and hung it up.  Reaching into her overnight
bag, she withdrew her vibrator.
	The device hummed.  Damn.  That could
be heard through the door if someone was
listening.  But the background whine of the
engines should drown out the noise.  In any
event, she wasn't stopping.
	She sat down on the little bench and
placed the vibrator against her clitoris. 
Closing her eyes and tilting her head back, she
let go a deep sigh of relief.  The pleasure was
nothing, though, compared to what she would
feel once she had it inside her.  The vibrator
descended, disappearing stage by stage into
the folds of her pussy.
	She imagined a cock was sliding in, warm
and blunt.  Already the preliminary tingles
were crawling up her thighs and past her ass. 
Yes, a nice fat cock, thick in diameter, one
that would stretch her wide.  One she could
get a grip on.
	Her breathing deepened.  Little murmurs
bubbled up out of her.  The fantasy was
working very nicely.  Strangely, Jean-Luc was
not a part of it.  He had a skinny dick. 
Despite the wonderful things he did with it, if
she were going to go to the trouble of
imagining a cock, it should be her ideal.
	As her hips began to buck and the orgasm
was all but inevitable, she realized someone
was watching her.
	Apparently she hadn't locked the door
after all.  There, in the small gap between the
latch and the frame, Wesley gazed in.
	Her instant impulse was to slam her legs
together and shut the door.  Instead, hardly
believing what she was doing, she gestured
him to join her in the little compartment.
	He stepped in and closed the door,
checking twice to be sure that this time it was
locked.  He stared, bug-eyed, at her openly-
displayed twat.  He breathed deep.  The air
was rich with the aroma of woman.
	She slid the vibrator out of her pussy and
unfastened his uniform.  Out of the folds of his
shorts emerged a thick, fat cock, already
oozing pre-cum.
	"I see you've been watching for a while,"
she murmured, tugging him forward by his
handle.  She aimed him at her crack.
	"Listening," he said, and pressed forward. 
His dick slid right up into her, along the
channel forged by the vibrator.  
	"OH!" she moaned. "That sure hits the
spot, Wesley.  Faster, faster . . ."
	He pumped her hard.  Wet slapping
sounds echoed through-out the little room. 
Anyone standing outside the door would
surely know what they were doing.  Oddly,
the thought made Vash even more excited.
	Good God.  She was fucking a man, a
boy, on a shuttle.  But it felt so good.  Wesley
took hold of her by the upper thighs and
pulled her into his thrusts.  The warm blunt
end of his head nudged her cervix on each
stroke, sending deep pulses into her belly. 
She pulled him down into a kiss.
	His tongue was long, salty, and adept. 
She wrapped hers around it, let it ride deep
into her throat.
	"You don't know how much I have
dreamed about this, Vash," he whispered into
her ear when their lips finally parted.
	"Really? I had no idea."
	Suddenly this wasn't just a quick fuck.  It
was culmination of years of lust.  Vash liked
that.  It sent her right over the top.  Fire
gushed into her crotch.
	"I'm cumming, Wesley!" Her hips went
into overdrive around his cock, milking him. 
Deep in an orgasmic faint, she heard his
breathing suddenly shift, and knew that the hot
convulsions coming up from below weren't
entirely hers.  Any remaining friction vanished,
overtaken by whipped cream softness. 
Savoring the afterlude, she didn't open her
eyes until his last, belly-deep sigh.
	She grinned, "And all I thought you had in
you was an incredible mind for math."  She
was sorry to see his moist tool disappearing
into his pants.
	But he was right.  If they stayed in the
small restroom much longer, someone might
catch them.  She put away the vibrator, stood
up, slipped back into her skirt.  
	Vash couldn't keep a straight face as she
finished the trip next to Wesley.  She was sure
this was something that would keep him
awake many nights when he returned back to
the academy.  Replaying the event in his mind
as he slowly stroked his cock.
	She worried they would fall into an
awkward silence.  But Wesley was not the
withdrawn type he seemed to be as a child. 
He kept up his end of the conversation so well
that when time came to disembark, she could
hardly believe they had reached the station.
	Wesley's mother was not expecting him so
there was no one waiting for him at the gate. 
She was probably somewhere on the station
enjoying the wider amenities offered that even
a galaxy class ship such as the Enterprise did
not provide.
	Wesley hurried after Vash and quickly slid
into the turbolift even as the doors whished
shut behind him.
	Inside the lift, the air filled with the aromas
of their bodies, still redolent with sex.  With
some distant part of her brain, Vash issued the
deck number where she knew the captain was
staying in temporary quarters as the Enterprise
was in the shipyard.  The rest of her was
remembering how nicely Wesley had filled
her.
	"Wesley..." she said, almost too softly for
him to hear.  "Will you fuck me again? In the
lift?"
	He swallowed, "Really?"
	"Nervous?" she asked impishly, "After the
Shuttle?"  But she realized, without him saying
a word, that he wasn't worried about
exhibitionism.  He was afraid she was teasing.
	"I want you," she said huskily, letting the
sincerity of her claim sink in.  "If you've got
another quantum fluctuation in that uniform, I
want to have it."
	Suddenly he grinned, "Computer, halt."
	The readiness of youth, she thought
happily, as she climbed off his prick some time
later.  Her pussy glowed with well-fucked
warmth.  How many times had she climaxed? 
She couldn't remember.  Sweat pasted down
her camisole - the one item of clothing she  still
wore.
	Hungrily she went down on him.  The rich
taste of her own pussy greeted her.  She
sucked the juice off, guiding him in and out of
her mouth, one hand cupped around the base
of his shaft stroking.
	He was still clothed, except for the pants
and shorts around one of his ankles.  Vash
liked him that way.  It was proof that they
were so hot they couldn't wait to disrobe. 
	The air was filled with the sweaty steam of
their bodies.  And Vash could read Wesley's
happy-little-boy expression as she sucked
him.  His cock was throbbing now.
	Saliva was frothing along her lips.  This
was it, she could tell.  She'd teased him, she'd
fucked him hard with her cunt and her tits and
her hands and now her mouth was going to
finish him.
	"Vash!" he bellowed.  Hot jism exploded
into her throat.  Eagerly she swallowed it.  He
spurted until nothing more remained.  But still
she pumped, and still his hips remained poised
off the floor of the lift.  Neither one wanted the
sensations to end.
	Finally his muscles gave out.  He sagged
back to the floor.  They'd been fucking for so
long that his cock wouldn't go down right
away, though.  She took advantage of this
state by climbing back onto the saddle,
keeping him inside while they wound down
slowly.
	"You can share your equations with me
anytime," she murmured. "Computer, resume."
	As the lift slowed to a stop at the deck
where she was to get off, Vash quickly
arranged her clothes and hair.
	"I look like I've just been fucked," she
said.  "I'm going to have to beg a shower from
Jean-Luc as soon as I get inside."
	Wesley looked at her in alarm, and with
some pride.  She was here to see the captain. 
And he had just got through fucking her on the
floor of a turbolift.  "I know," she said, "don't
worry, this is between you and me."
	"Perhaps we could . . ." Wesley started to
say, but she put a finger to his lips.
	"No, I think not.  This was great, but it
was just for this once."  Vash softly said.
	"That's all right," he replied.  "I
understand.  Thanks for everything then."  
	Even though it had only been minutes
earlier that they had been on the floor of the
lift, the flutter had already returned to her
belly.  "Wesley, perhaps you would like to go
with me and say hello to the captain." 
Although this wasn't the meeting that she had
first imagined, hopefully this would give her
time to slip into the shower and make herself
more presentable.
	As they were walking along the curved
hallway, Wesley suddenly pulled her into a
small alcove.
	"Hey, what . . .?" she exclaimed.  Any
further comment was muffled by his mouth as
he pressed it tightly against hers.
	His hands artfully slid down her skirt and
into her crotch.  She was already wet and
breathing raggidly.  He knelt suddenly, and
stuck his head under her skirt.  Licking the
juices as they flowed freely down her legs. 
Suddenly her body was racked in orgasm.  
	Pulling him up, "I really do have to say
goodbye." she said.  "But if this is it, then I
want to give you a proper send off."  She
wrapped her lips around his cock and gave
him the best head that she could possibly give. 
Pressing his cock back against his belly and
taking his balls into her mouth.  She then
stood, turned, spread her legs, and placed her
hands against the wall.
	Wesley entered her from behind, rapidly
pushing his cock into her.  Banging her against
the wall.

----------------

It was over.  She'd quite possibly never been
laid so well, and by a boy/man.  But, yes, it
was over.  Despite the night's exception, she
was a one-man woman, and Jean-Luc Picard
was that man.  Leaving the small alcove, they
walked on down the corridor.
	She was tired, what time must it be?  She
glanced at a clock set in the wall which read
1100 hours.  The captain was probably
reading a book in his quarters enjoying a hot
cup of tea.  Why he never realized that it was
this very tea that often kept him up most of the
night she would never know.
	She gnawed on her lip.  She wasn't sure
she could stay awake to fuck him, much less
be capable after the sessions with Wesley. 
That would sure be an ironic end to the night
she had originally planned.
	She and Wesley turned into the hall where
the Enterprise officers were staying and
stopped in front of the captain's quarters.  She
raised her hand to the small button that would
chime someone was at the door.  
	And heard sounds drifting through. 
Distinct, unmistakable sounds of enthusiastic
sex.  Heavy breathing, murmurs of affection,
the slow creak of a bed.
	That bastard.  That two-timer.
	She caught herself before she kicked the
door.  What was she thinking?  She was
standing here with Wesley, his cum practically
rolling down her legs, arguing fidelity.
	The moans of the woman inside reached a
fever pitch.
	"Oh Jean-Luc, Oh Jean-Luc!" she cried.
	 "Yes, Beverly, yes . . . " came the reply.
	Vash and Wesley looked at each other.  It 
seemed the captain and his mom were having as much 
fun as Wesley and she just had.  Slowly a smile crossed
both their faces as they turned and headed back to the 
turbolift.

