Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Vegetable Dad (Woman's husband was left a vegetable after a bad
car wreck and she seduces her son into fucking her in front of
his father who can do nothing about it but watch and eat....)

	My husband John had been in a bad car accident when our son was
only 5 years old.  The wreck left him a vegetable with only his
hearing, sight and  mind left.  He could not move a muscle,
couldn't talk, couldn't even smile.  Worse of all, he couldn't
get a hard on.  For ten years I remained faithful to my husband,
taking care of him and his needs.  But ten years was a long time
and I was turning 33.  I knew I didn't have much of my prime
ahead of me and I feared I would never be able to feel a man's
hard cock inside me again.  I needed that.  I needed that bad!

My son James was 16 now and the only man in the house, actually
the only man I had much contact with lately.  One afternoon when
I was feeling particularly horny I got thinking about my young
son.  He was nearly a man now at 16.  Would his prick be full
size? I wondered casually at first how my son's hard prick would
look.  As I thought about that one thing my pussy began to burn
with passion.  It had been SO long since I had a man that I was
even thinking of my own son.  I told myself that it was my duty
as a good mother to teach my son about sex.

I had to know what my son's prick looked like, I decided.  But
how?  After thinking all day until it was nearly time for him to
come home from school I got an idea.  I would leave a dirty
movie out for him to find and when I went to bed I would stay up
and listen.  Maybe he would watch the video and, with any luck,
would masturbate in the livingroom.  Then I would be able to see
if he had the mark of a real man or not.	

I left the video out with the original cover so he would be sure
to find it laying under the TV. stand.  James noticed it right
away when he walked in the door but said nothing all evening.  I
retired for the evening early and left him in the livingroom
alone.  Two hours later I heard the volume go down on the
television set.  Quietly I snuck out of my room and saw that the
livingroom light was off but the television was lighting the
room.

I tiptoed down the hall hearing nothing and peeked around the
corner.  Luckily the TV. was on the far wall.  My son sat on the
couch with his back to me watching the porn video I had left for
him.

He just sat there through the first fuck scene and then it came
to a scene where a woman with really big tits rides this guys
cock as he sits in a chair.  James leaned forward intent on the
film and the woman's bouncing breasts.

Suddenly I heard a zipping sound.  MY GOD! He was unzipping his
pants!  This was my chance.  I quickly stood up so I could see
over the back of the couch and watched my son pull open his
jeans in front.  I could see the bulge in his underwear already.
 He was huge!  I watched as my son pulled down his underwear
over his gigantic cock and pulled his hard monster out.  It was
long thick and red with blood. I nearly gasped out loud at the
size of my son's enormous cock jutting up out of his jeans like
that. He certainly was a man!

My pussy was on fire. I wanted to feel that humungous cock
inside me now more than anything.  Quickly I ran back to my
bedroom and shut my door before I did anything stupid.  As I lay
there next to my sleeping husband I thought about how wrong it
was to want my own son's cock.   Then I thought about how my
husband was never EVER going to put his hard cock in me again. 
I had to have a man.  I had to have one soon.

My pussy was nearly dripping as I started to play with it and
slide my fingers in and out of my unfulfilled crack.  I couldn't
help but imagine my son sitting out there right this instant,
jerking that enormous hard cock.  As my fingers slid in and out
of my own pussy I imagined my son's huge cock jerking up and
down his big hand.

My husband woke up then as I realized I was ramming my fingers
up my pussy so hard I was jerking the bed all over the place.  I
saw him staring right at me as if wondering what I was doing.  I
was so horny right then that I started saying things I never
imagined I would say.

"Do you want to know why I'm so hot?" I asked as I still
fingered my pussy with my husband watching.

"Our son is out there in the livingroom right now jerking off to
a porn video," I panted.

I stood up right then and started getting into my dresser
drawers to find what I had not worn in over 10 years.  I found
my lingerie in the bottom drawer and pulled out my red bra and
red corset with matching black stockings.

Quickly I slipped out of my bathrobe and started sliding on my
stockings.

"His cock is SO big honey!" I breathed as I pulled on my last
stocking and pulled up my corset.  "It's probably 10 inches long
and thicker than you cock ever was.  MUCH THICKER!"

Quickly I squeezed my big tits into my bra and adjusted them so
they looked all right.

"I've never had a cock in me that big, honey," I said.  "I have
to have it.  You understand don't you?"

I pulled on a pair of red lace panties and looked my husband in
the eyes.

"I'm gonna ride that big cock of our son's," I said.  "I HAVE
TO!"

"Don't worry," I kissed him on his motionless mouth.  "I'll
bring him in here so you can watch him fuck me."

With that I left the room and walked straight out to my son.

"MOTHER!" James said in shock as I caught him with his huge cock
still in his hand.

Quickly James tried to hide it but I stopped him.

"Don't stop," I said as he suddenly realized what I was wearing.
 I saw his cock twitch when his eyes met my tits and I nearly
fainted.

"It's been so long since I've seen a man's hard dick," I said. 
"Please, I just want to see one again."

"I UH," James blushed still holding his hard prick.

"PLEASE!" I nearly begged.  "Let me watch."

James still did not put his monster away which made me very
happy.

"I'm a little embarrassed doing something like this in front of
my mom," he struggled.

"Please," I begged again.  "Please do it for me."

"Well, ok," James said at last.

"Thank you sweetheart," I panted. 

James kept leaning forward with his cock in his hand and slowly
started to stroke it as he glanced at the TV. and back to me.

"That's it baby," I said as I sat in a chair next to the couch
so I wouldn't intimidate him.  "Just keep doing that."

"It feels funny," James laughed.  "With you watching me like
that."

"It's ok baby," I said.  "Just keep doing it."

James started to stroke his big fat pole with long strokes as he
watched the TV.

"Lean back a little sweetheart," I said.  "Relax a little."

James did as I said and sat back while he stroked his huge pole.
 I could see it much better now and I moaned a little as I saw
how truly big it was.

"This still feels weird," James said. 

"Would it be easier on you if I masturbated with you?" I asked.

James looked right at my crotch and blushed.

"I don't know," he said.

"Well, tell me if you want," I said.  "I think it would be
easier for you."

"I think so too," James said at last.

"Ok," I said as I slid my hands down my body and grabbed onto my
red panties.  James watched with wide eyes as I pulled down my
panties and dropped them around my ankles.

As I spread my knees and showed my son my well trimmed pussy
he's eyes got even wider.

I put one knee up on the couch so my pussy showed more and
started to slide my hand down to my clit.  James still stroked
his cock as he watched me start to play with my wet juicy clit
in my fingers.

"Wow," James exhaled as if he suddenly remember to breath.

"Have you ever seen a real pussy before?" I asked my son.

"Never!" He said.

I spread my little cunt lips open so he could see deep inside me.

"Do you like it?"

"Yes," James said.

"You can look all you like," I told him.  "Just keep stroking
that great big cock."

"You really think it's big?" He asked as I tweaked my clit in my
fingers and kept staring at it.

"Baby," I said. "That's the biggest dick your mother's ever seen
in real life."

"No way," He laughed.

"I swear it!"

"Even bigger than dad's?"

"MUCH!" I said.  "I'll even pull your the sheets of your father
to prove it if you want."

James just kept staring at my pussy which was driving me wild.

"Why don't you pull your balls out sweety?" I asked.  "Give
yourself a little more room.

"Ok," James said as he pulled out his balls from his underwear
as if showing off his size.

"WOW!" I said.  "I bet those carry a pretty heavy load."

"You're embarrassing me," James blushed bright red.

"I'm sorry."

"I'm not really bigger than dad," he said at last.

"I'll bet you!" I demanded.

"Bet me what?"

"If I prove that your dick is bigger than your dad's then you
have to do whatever I ask," I said.

"And if you lose?"

"Then I'll do whatever you ask."

James thought a moment.

"Deal," he said.

"Let's go then," I said.

"Where?"

"To the bedroom.  I'm going to show you how big your father's
dick is."

James followed me in and I turned on the light.

"Wont you wake him up?" he asked.

"He's already awake," I said.  "See, his eyes are open."

James quickly covered his hard on with his underwear.

"Don't be silly," I said.  "He can't do anything."

Quickly I yanked the covers off my husband so that he was laying
naked and exposed.

"Look at that pathetic little dick," I said.

James looked extremely nervous.

"Well," I said.  "Do you admit that I win?"

"I guess so," he said.

"Look at how small your father is," I pointed. "Tiny dick, tiny
balls.  It's amazing I ever got pregnant."

"Did you enjoy sex with him?" James asked.

"Hell no!" I snapped.  "With a dick that small?"

"Wow," James sighed.

"Show your father what a real cock looks like," I said.

"What???" James sounded shocked.

"That's right," I said.  "Pull out that monster of yours and
show him what a real man looks like."

"But," James protested.

"Listen to your mother," I said.  "It's ok.  Show him."

James slowly pulled down his underwear in front and let his big
cock pop out.

"Come over here darling," I said.  "So your father can see it
better."

James walked over to my side of the bed sporting his hard on and
his father's eyes followed it the whole way.

"See!" I said.  "That's a real cock!  Take a good look!  If I
could have had a cock that big in my pussy I would have done
anything for you."	

"Mother," James said.

"I've always wanted to suck a cock this big," I said to my
husband.  "Some day I'm gonna make you watch me suck a cock this
big."

"In fact," I said.  "I ought to suck your son's cock right in
front of you.  I ought to let him stuff his huge cock in my
pussy like you would have done if you were man enough."

Suddenly I ripped open my bra so my huge tits bounced out.

"Kiss my nipples baby," I said to my son.  "Show your daddy that
you can take care of me like he never could."

And just like that James' hands were all over my tits and
lighting my whole body on fire.  I almost feinted when my son
sucked my hard nipple into his mouth and bit it softly.

"OH GOD!" I screamed.  "Suck mommy's tits!"

James couldn't get enough of my beautiful breasts as he kept
squeezing and pawing them while he sucked each nipple right
after another.  Quickly I pulled my son's pants down and helped
him out of them.  I still hadn't touched his beautiful cock as
he kicked off his jeans and kept playing with my tits.

"Lay down on the bed baby," I said in hot breath.

James quickly lay on his back.

"I want you to feel how hard your son's cock is," I said as I
grabbed my husbands hand and put it on James' balls.

"MOTHER!" James shouted.

"I want your father to hold it when I suck your big cock," I
said as I wrapped my husbands hand around my son's cock.  My
husband was staring with eyes wide but couldn't say a word.

James started down at his fathers hand on his prick as I leaned
over and opened my mouth wide.

"I'm going to swallow our son's big cock," I said as he slid my
lips over my son's fat cockhead and felt his hot cock in my
mouth for the first time ever.

I couldn't believe how good it felt to have my son's cock in my
mouth. I quickly gobbled up my son's thick shaft until my lips
were touching my husband's fingers at the base of my sons' cock.

"OH MY GOD!" James growled.  "OH GOD! OH GOD!"

I slowly slid my lips up my son's cock and purred.

"Oh God it feels so good to suck such a big fucking cock!" I
said as I kissed my son's thick shaft over and over with little
kisses.

"Such a big cock," I said as I shoved my mouth back down on my
son's pole again.

"OH FUCK MOM!" James shouted. "That feels so good!"

I rammed my son's cock down my throat and gobbled up every inch
I could until my husband's fingers were in my mouth too.

I slowly slid my mouth off of my son's pole again and sat on the
bed next to him so I could continue in a more comfortable
position.

"I love to suck my son's huge cock!" I said as I kissed my son's
balls lightly and licked them.  "I love to feel his cock fill my
mouth and throat with hard cockflesh!"

I leaned over and let my tits touch my son's cock dangling them
on either side of his fat shaft.

"Imagine having a cock so big you can fuck my big tits!" I said
as I pressed my breasts around my son's pole.  I could feel my
son's unbearably hard cock pressed against my breast and could
see his fat purple head sticking out a couple inches between my
tits.

I slid my tits up and down my son's slippery cock and felt my
heart racing with excitement as I fucked a man between my tits
for the first time ever.

"Your son has a huge fucking cock John," I purred.  "Look at it
sticking out of my tits like that."

"There are so many things I can do with a cock this big," I
said.  "Things you only dreamed of."

Quickly I dropped my tits and shoved my son's cock back in my
mouth.

"Make your mother eat your cum baby," I said between slurps. 
"Pump your hot cum though your huge cock and into my mouth."

"OH MOTHER!" James shouted. "I love this!  Yes, suck it!"

"I love you baby," I said.  "Mommy wants to make you cum!"

"Suck it mommy!" James said. "SUCK IT!"

I grabbed my husbands hand in mine and squeezed it tighter
around my son's cock.  Using my husband's hand I jerked my son
off as I sucked him.

"Make your son cum in my mouth," I panted.  "Jerk your son's big
load into my mouth."

"Here it comes mother!" James yelled. "HERE IT COMES!!!"

I felt my son's hot cum spurt against the back of my throat like
a bullet out of a gun.  Spurt after spurt of his lovely salty
cum filled my mouth as I sucked and jerked him harder.

"GOD MOMMY!" James moaned. "That feels so good!"

My son finally stopped spurting his jism in my face as quickly
and I loaded my mouth with a large load without swallowing.

As I slid my mouth lovingly off my son's cock I leaned over and
spit a huge amount of his cum onto his fathers  face.

James watched in horror as I opened his father's mouth and spit
some of his cum in his father's mouth.

"I just wanted you to taste what a real man's cum tastes like,"
I said.

"I can't believe you did that," James said.

"Then you really won't believe this," I said as I climbed over
my son and lay on top of my husband with my tits smashed against
his chest.

"I want you to fuck my pussy James," I said.  "I want you to
fuck your mother's pussy and let me tell your father exactly how
it feels to get fucked by a real man."

"I can feel your father's pathetic little dick on my stomach," I
said.  "Come on James.  Shove that monster up your mother's
pussy."

"I loved sucking our son's cock," I whispered into my husbands
ear as I lay on top of him.  James got off the bed and prepared
to get on top of me.

"How does his cum taste?" I asked.

James was behind me now and I felt him put his hot hands on my
tight ass.

"I haven't had man's hands on my ass in 10 years," I whispered
to my husband.  "It feels so good to have your son squeezing my
tight butt."

"You're son's spreading my ass wide open!" I said frantically as
I waited for what he would do.

"OH GOD!" I screamed in my husbands ear.  "You're son's licking
my ass!  I can feel his hot little tongue on my asshole!"

"OH YES BABY!" I screamed. "Lick mommy's asshole!"

I grabbed on to the bed and tried to remain conscious. 

"You never licked my ass you bastard!" I yelled.  "You're son's
got his tongue buried right in my butthole."

"Oh fuck," I said. "He's gonna...OH fuck, he's gonna...OH FUCK
YES!!  OH BABY, EAT MOMMY'S PUSSY!!!!"

"Remember when you used to eat me till I came all over you
face?" I asked my husband.  "Now I get to cum on your son's
face."

"Deeper!" I panted. "Stick that tongue deep my pussy!"

"Oh he eats such good pussy!" I said.  "You should be proud of
your son. Yes lick it!  Lick mommy's pussy like that!"

"Oh John I think he's going to make me cum!" I cried.  "Lick it
baby!  GOD YES!!!"

I felt my orgasm erupt through me like a tidal wave.

"I'M CUMMING!!!" I screamed. "OH FUCKING GOD IT'S BEEN SO
LONG!!!!!" James was lashing his tongue inside my pussy like a
champion and sending me to multiple climaxes, one after another.

"Do you like mommy's cum???" I screamed. 

"I Love your pussy mother," James said.  "I love it so much!"

"It's all yours baby," I squealed. "Mommy's pussy is all yours."

"I don't ever want to be with anyone else," James said.

"Then give me your baby!" I said.

"Mother please!" James blurted out. "Will you have my baby???"
"Of course baby!" I said. "Mommy loves you!" "I want you to have
my baby mother," James said.  "I want it so bad." "Then get that
big cock inside your mother and cum in me!" "YES!" James said
getting up on the bed between my husband and my legs. "I'm gonna
give it to you mommy," he said as he spread my pussy with his
fingers and prepared to enter me.	

"That's right baby! I want to get pregnant by a REAL cock!"

Suddenly my son's cockhead was against my pussy and with a hard
push he shoved it three inches up inside me.

"OOOOHHH GODDDDDDD!" I screamed at the top of my lungs.  "YOUR
COCK'S SO HUGE!!!"

"You're so tight mommy!" James cried out.  "I can't believe how
good you feel!"

"COME ON BABY!  KEEP WORKING IT UP MOMMYS CUNT!"

"It's so fucking big!" I panted in my husband's ear as my son
struggled to get his cock inside me.  "I don't think it's going
to all fit!"

"Mother I love you!" James cried as his cock sank halfway inside
me now.  "I love you so much!"

"Mommy loves you too baby," I gasped for air.  "Mommy loves you
too."

"Keep trying baby!" I told my son.  "Keep trying to get it all
inside me!"

"But mommy your so tight!"

"Just grab mommy's hips and ram your cock in all the way baby!"
I said.  "Ram it all the way up mommy's pussy!

When James grabbed my hips I grabbed the pillows next to me and
felt his huge cock rip through my cunt like I was being fucked
by a  Champaign bottle.

"IT'S IN!!!" I screamed.  "CHRIST JESUS IT'S ALL THE WAY IN!!!"

"Now fuck me James!" I yelled.  "Fuck your mother hard!"

I couldn't believe how wonderful my son's fat cock felt sliding
in and out of my pussy and he pounded away on me.

I was cumming from the second he was all the way in and didn't
stop until he shot his load inside me.

"I'M CUMMING SO MUCH!!!" I screamed.  "Your father never made me
cum like this!"

"I'm gonna give you my baby!" James yelled.

"YES BABY!" I screamed. "CUM IN MOMMY!!!"

Suddenly James rammed his cock deep inside me and I felt his hot
jets shooting up my womb.

"I can feel it baby!" I screamed.  "You're cock goes so far up
inside me I can feel it in my womb!"

James pulled his cock out of me just then and I felt his cum
shoot up my back violently.

"Cum all over me!" I panted. "Cum on mommy!"

I loved the feel of my son's hot cum splashing on my bare ass
and when he finished I was already craving the next time I could
feel it again.

James crawled off me and I climbed up on top of my husband until
my pussy was in his face.  I squatted over my husband's face and
spread my pussy until I felt my son's cum start to drain out of
me and onto his father's face.

"That's the way a man fucks," I said as I kept my pussy open so
that it dripped more of our cum on my husbands face.

"I want you to watch your son's cum pour out of me."

I realized then that I was holding some cum inside me with my
stomach and I quickly opened  my husbands mouth again and
released my son's cum from my pussy.

"I love our son," I said as the last of his cum dripped from my
wet clit. "Every time he cums in my pussy like you should have
I'm going to make you drink it like this."

"Oh mother," James said as he fell back on the bed on my side. 
"My cock hurts."

"Mommy will make it feel better," I said as I got off my husband
and climbed on top of my son.

"I love you mom," James said as he kissed me on the lips.

"I love you too," I said.  "Now get that big fat cock back up
mommy's pussy before it gets soft."

"I don't think I can," James said as I reached between my legs
and grabbed my son's cock in my hot little hand.

"Don't think you can what?" I asked as I placed my son's cock
against my pussy and pushed back onto it until it began sinking
into me again.

"FUCK!" James groaned.

"You don't think you can fuck?" I asked as I forced my pussy
down all the way on my son's throbbing pole.  "If you don't
think you can fuck then how come you have your big hard cock in
your mommy's pussy?"

"I love your pussy mother"

"You've got the biggest cock I've ever seen baby," I told my son
as I kissed him on the lips and stuck my tongue in his mouth. 
"Mommy just can't stop sucking and fucking her little boy."

"I don't mind," James said. "I can't stop either."

For hours my healthy stud son and I fucked and fucked until we
fell asleep in each other's arms unable to cum any more.

I awoke the next morning to my new life.  

"You made mommy so happy last night," I said.

James grabbed my naked tit and kissed my nipple. 

"You made me happy too,"

"You're father owes you a huge amount of gratitude," I said.

"Why?"

"Because you are taking care of me when he can't," said.  "For
that he should be thankful."

"I'm sure he is," James said.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....