Archive-name: 3plus/venus-va.txt
Archive-author: Va Gentleman
Archive-title: Venus and the Va Gentleman


The Venus that participated in this story is not the same Venus that
is a member of this board. If you like this story, please send me some E-mail
and tell me what you think.  The Va Gentleman

7/49: Fantastic Fantasy of Venus & the Va Gentleman - Chapter 1
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Tue Sep 05 21:44:15 1989

I had not known Venus long when we went on our weekend escapade.  We had one
thing on our minds as we drove along the freeway.  I realized that this was
one hell of a sexy woman, one who had intense needs and desires, needs that
would be fulfilled this weekend.   Venus said that she was mine for the
weekend to completely control and I intended to do just that.  She begged for
me to take her to heights of escasy never before imagined.  I instructed her
to remove her panties and raise her skirt.  She looked at me with hesitation
and said "But can't the other cars see?" I replied, "not really, only the
truck drivers can."  I added "Do it NOW!"  She quickly removed her sexy silk
panties and raised her skirt.  Shyly she asked "What now?"  Open your blouse
wide, I commanded.  Since Venus was wearing no bra, her beautiful breasts were
soon fully exposed.  I instructed her to rub her womanhood, and it was all I
could do to keep my eyes on the road.  Shortly we approached a tractor-trailor
truck.  I quickly flipped on the car CB radio and tuned channel 19, the
truckers channel.  Venus instinctively started top lower her dress when I
commanded "NO! Leave it up and continue playing with yourself."  At that same
instant, I spread her blouse further, for all to see.  As we pulled along side
the 18-wheeler, I slowed until we were riding side-by-side.  Soon the driver
was staring at my beautiful Venus.  Venus felt both an incredible turn -on and
an exciting embarrasement.  She started to pull her blouse together when I
grabbed her hand and held it tightly.  About that time the CB came alive with
the voice of Night Rider.  -To Be Continued-

8/49: Venus' side of the story...
Name: Venus #343
Date: Wed Sep 06 06:14:33 1989

I couldn't belive the way VA was acting ! I knew he was going to want some
good kinky sex on our little weekend together but I had never seen this
exhibitionist side of him before. I wanted to dress sexy for the trip so I had
picked one of my rather short leather skirts - black, a pair of nude stockings
with seams up the back and my matching white silk garter and tap pants. I
especially like the lose legged tap pants because there is room for a nice
thick cock to slide up my leg and into my sex while I leave my panties on (one
of my turn ons !). I was hesitant to say the least when he asked - no, it was
more like a command, me to remove my panties. I was embarassed ! He assured me
that no one could see my naked little slit so I went ahead and slipped them
off of my hips and down around my ankles. I decided not to take them completly
off, just in case I had to pull them up fast ! I also had worn my almost
see-through white silk blouse with no bra - I love to feel my breasts rub
against the silk as they bounce underneath it. When he commanded me to open
it, I was again embarrassed but also excited. As I unbuttoned it my nipples
began to become taught and they strained against the silk. I left it just
slightly open showing the cleavage between my ample breasts. VA reached over
and pulled it open, exposing my entire breasts. The breeze from the air
conditioner was cool on my bare flesh and made my nipples stand straight out
at attention. I reached up and cupped them to warm them and protect them from
the cool air - ok, I also needed to rub and pinch the little hard-ons that my
nipples had developed. When he asked me to play with myself I didn't need any
more coaxing, I was getting very horny and the thought of someone seeing me in
passing was starting to get me wet. I hiked my skirt up around my waist and
leaned my seat back to be more comfortable. As my left had continued to caress
my breasts, my right reached down to stroke my thigh through my stocking. As I
reached the top of my stocking my hand followed it around to my inner thigh. I
brought my left hand to join in the fun.

9/49: more
Name: Venus #343
Date: Wed Sep 06 06:36:17 1989

With both hands I began softly touching the flesh of my inner thighs. I could
feel little spasms beginning in my crotch as my hands began to move up to my
swollen pussy. I love to run my fingers through my curly pubic hair and tease
my wet lips by running a finger up and down the outside of my labia major. I
wet my right hand with saliva as I looked over as VA. He was definatly
enjoying the show, I could tell by the lump that was growing in his pants. I
moved my lubricated hand down and began rubbing it all over the outside of my
hot little cunt. My hips began pushing involentarily against the palm of my
hand. With my index finger I started at the bottom of my slit and separated my
lips, opening my cunt to the world. As I did, my juices began to flow and I
spread them all over my crotch as I began to rhythmicly rub my cunt. I was
ready to begin the more intense part of my show now so I began circling the
hood of my clit with two wet fingers. I began to shutter and the muscles of my
thighs and stomach began to contract. I threw my head back and began rubbing
faster. My breath began to shorten and I could feel my orgasm build deep
within my crotch. I spread the hood open and exposed my clit to my fingers and
began rubbing it up and down very quickly and just as I began to explode I
thrust two fingers up my tight cunt so I would have something to contract
against. Just then a voice boomed over the CB saying "Nice show babe !" I
looked over and saw a very large truck right next to our car with the driver
looking straight down into my lap. I was so wraped up in rubbing myself off
that I hadn't even noticed ! What the hell. I wasn't going to stop now. I
continued to rub with one hand and thrust the fingers of my other hand up my
cunt as my orgasm enveloped me. I moaned deeply and loadly as my body spasmed
over and over as I rode the waves of pleasure...

10/49: Fantastic Fantasy of Venus & The Va Gentleman - Chapter 2
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Wed Sep 06 20:14:59 1989

The car we were driving was equipped with a CB antenna that looked like a
regular AM antenna, thus Night Rider had no idea we could hear his
transmissions.  He was going ape shit and could hardly keep his car on the
road. (His truck that is)... Anyway, he radioed ahead to Dare Devil to catch a
glimse of the grey Toyota that was approaching.  Venus was beyond the point of
no return and oblivious to an audience at this time.  Unfortunately, it was
getting dark, so our show was pretty much over for the evening.  As we drove
along, I was thinking of the way out things I had planned for Venus once we
reached our resort motel, but that would be tomorrow night.  Tonight we were
staying with friends of Venus, and with the 7 children and close quarters, my
fantasay would have to wait until tomorrow.  Venus appeared to be sleeping as
I drove along what was now a lonely stretch of the Interstate.  I continued to
think about all I had planned for tomorrow night.  I was horney and couldn't
wait to get to her friends house, spend the night and get back on the road.
About that time I felt a hand unzipping my fly.  Venus was no longer asleep!
She unbottoned my pants and slipped them down.  "Mind if I get comptable?" she
softly said as her head lowered upon my lap.  The interstate was no longer
lonely or boring...
- To Be Continued -

11/49: HEADING down the highway...
Name: Venus #343
Date: Thu Sep 07 06:51:49 1989

My little escapade with my fingers left me wanting more. As I lay quietly in
the car afterwards I couldn't stop thinking about the lump in VA's pants.
Thats the only problem with masterbation, it so often leaves you wanting a
nice big cock up inside of you. Nothing is as satisfying as having your cunt
full of an experienced cock. I knew I wasn't going to get anythingright then
and there so I devided that the next best thing was to have a mouthful. I
reached over and began to stroke VA's crotch through his pants. He had gone
limp while I rested but he quickly sprang back to life. As I opened his pants
I felt a tire drop off into the gravel and I had to scold him about paying
attention to the road. With a little help I got his pants down aways - at
least past his thighs. He had worn the silk boxer shorts I gave him before we
left and his cock was straining through the silk. I rubbed my hand over his
hard silk covered flesh and felt it grow even harder and larger. With a little
difficulty I was able to get his large hard cock and balls through the little
access hole at the front of his shorts. His balls were hot and his sack was
full. I thought about how it wouldn't be long before its contents were filling
my mouth and covering my face and the pleasure it would give him to spew it
out. I very lightly felt the length of his penis with my warm hand, stroking
the underside very slowly. Igrabbed him with one hand and gave him a good hard
squeeze. He was so damn hard! I brought my hand up to my mouth, looked him in
the eye and licked my hand with my broad wet tounge, covering it with slick
saliva. A shudder raced through his body as my wet hand enveloped his
hardness. I stroked him up and down slowly, paying attention to the red knob
at the top of each stroke. Then I lowered myself down to his lap and ran my
tounge around the tip of his cock. His thighs began to buck - trying to push
his hard member into my awaiting mouth but I backed away, not allowing him the
pleasure that quickly. I licked down the underside down to his balls and
licked them as I held them in my hand. With one wet finger I was able to reach
down between his cheeks to his little red ass, teasing the opening with the
teasing the opening with the tip of my finger while I sucked and licked his
balls. Apparently he felt I was neglecting his pecker proper because he had
wet his own hand and was rubbing the knob at the top of his long thich shaft
with a smooth even rhythm. I love to watch a man   touch himself but right now
I was hungry for cock and wanted his engorged cock in my hot, wet mouth. I
pulled his hand away and replaced it with my mouth, driving myself down his
length and back again as I played with his balls. I struggled to get into a
better position as I wasn't at all comfortable. I had slid off of the seat and
was kneeling on the floor of the passenger side , leaning over the stick shift
withmy head in his lap. I settled in to a rhythm that took his cock as deep
into my mouth as I could take him and then back up to the top where I sucked
on the tip of his glands, running my tounge around it. I could feel the
tension building in his legs and thighs. I rewet my hand and began stroking
the full length of his cock while my mouth concentrated on the tip of it. I
heared him moan "Oh God ..." as he grabbed my hair on the back of my head. I
picked up the pace with my stroking and began slobbering all over his
twitching dick, relubricating it as I teased his head with my mouth. He tensed
and I felt the car accelerate as my hand shot up and down his dick faster and
faster. Then I heard him groan a deep low groan and I tasted the salty pungent
flaver of cum as it entered my mouth. I thrust my head down over his pulsating
cock and tried to suck on it in rhythm with his spasms, pulling his nectar
into my hot waiting mouth. The smell and taste of sperm filled my mouth and
nose as he shot his load into me. I couldn't help wondering how long it would
take for him to rejuvenate and reload so he could shoot another load deep
inside ofmy womanhood. When he was finished I licked him clean and swallowed
his seed. As he went limp I moved back into a mre comfortable position on the
floor of the passengers seat and rested my head on my arms, on the seat. I was
drained. I just sat there and enjoyed the pungent taste that was left in my
mouth and the wetness that was spreading between my legs.

13/49: Fantastic Fantasy Of Venus & the VA Gentleman - Chapter 3
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Thu Sep 07 20:55:41 1989

We spent the nite with friends of Venus, but were now back on the road,
heading to our little resort.  It was mid morning when we started out.  We had
stayed up quite late talking and were both kind of sleepy.  Venus was very
quiet and napped from time to time.  I kept thinking of all I had in store for
her tonight, and for the next four days.  Venus new we were going to have some
really Kinky and way out sex, but even she had no idea what I had in mind.
Venus woke up when I took a sudden exit off the interstate and asked where we
were.  I just smiled and said "You'll see".  Shortly we were in front of an
adult shop.  Venus smiled and said she had always wanted to go in one of
"Those places".  I parked the car and handed Venus a shopping list.  She
looked up at me and said, "You mean you are not coming in?"  I replied that
she was to go in the shop alone, and purchase every item on the list.  Venus
protested that she would be way to embarrassed to go in alone, but I insisted.
 It was 30 minutes later when she returned to the car with a sheepish grin on
her face.  "Did you get everything on the list" I asked.  "Yes" she responded,
"And more" she said with a wicked little grin. She refused to tell me all she
had purchased or let me look in the bag.  She said I would have to wait until
tonight to find out.  I'll let Venus describe her trip to the store, and the
items she purchased later.  Anyway, we drove another two hours until we
reached our destination.  I could hardly unpack the car.  I was so excited and
turned on that all I could think of was Venus, my Goddess of Love, and the
night I had in store for her.
-To Be Continued-

14/49: Fantastic Fantasy of Venus & The VA Gentleman - Chapter 4
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Thu Sep 07 21:04:16 1989

We had not been in the room five minutes when I suggested that Venus remove
all her clothes and lay on the bed.  She was somewhat shocked at my sudden and
rather abrupt approach, as I had always been very gentle and took great
pleasure in slowly undressing my beautiful Goddess.  Before Venus realized
what I was doing, she was laying naked on the bed, tied spread eagle with the
four silk scarfs I had insisted she pack.  We had played bondage games before,
but somehow Venus sensed that this time would be more intense.  I gently
placed a blindfold (Silk of course) on my lover and kissed her gentle on the
lips while rubbing her beautiful little nipples.  I can only imagine what went
through Venus' mind when she heard me pick up the telephone and call room
service.  The expression on her face was priceless when she heard me say that
I was going to run down the street for a few minutes, but to please leave the
Wine in the room.  When I added to be real quiet, that someone would be in the
room aslee, her expression turned to (well, only shecan describe it)...
Anyway, the next sound my lovely Venus heard was my soft words followed by the
gentle closing of the door. "I'll be back in a little while love, don't go
anywhere" I said softly as I gently closed the door.
-To Be Continued-

15/49: More from Venus
Name: Venus #343
Date: Mon Sep 11 06:26:09 1989

Can you belive he made me go in that scummy little adult shop alone ? What an
experience ! Luckely there were no other customers in the place at the time. I
was so embarassed. There was a rather large, elderly man sitting behind the
front counter who kept repositioning himself as I moved around the store so as
to keep his eyes on me the whole time. I could feel his eyes burning on my
backside as I perused the assortment of magazines and devices on display. I
opened VA's list and took a look. I didn't even know what most of the items
were. I did know what a dildo was so i took great pains to pick out one that
would feel good up inside me - hard, long and fat! As I was looking around I
found a few things I wanted to try out on VA. There was this little gizmo that
looked like a small vibrator - only about 3 inches long - that they called an
anal stimulator. That sounded like fun. Then there was a mink mitten for
caressing. I purchased these items and then handed the old man the list from
VA and said I wanted HIM to fill the order for me. I was too embarased to tell
him that I didn't know what they were or what VA had in mind when he asked for
them. He put everyting in a bag and I paid. As I was leaving I saw the old
letch reach down and begin stroking his crotch as I walked out of the store.
He was probably thinking about how much fun HE would have using those devices
on me. Sorry buddy, no such luck. When I got back in the car VA just gave me a
sheepish grin and drove away. I leaned back in my seat, fell asleep and
dreamed of the exciting times to come...

16/49: The Room
Name: Venus #343
Date: Mon Sep 11 06:48:52 1989

VA woke me up as we got to the hotel. We checked in and moved our bags up to
the room. I no sooner set the bags down than he ordered me to undress and ly
on the bed. I was kind of planning on a nice slow period of necking and
undressing each other but i definatly wanted him so I decided to play along. I
went into the bathroom and slipped my skirt off and unbuttoned my blouse. My
panties were kind of moist from the dreams I had in the car. I took off the
rest of my things and jumped into the shower to freshen up. I got out, dried
off and went out into the room and layed down on my back on the bed -
presenting myself to my lover. He had gotten into my bags and gotten my
collection of silk scarves out. He very quickly tied my arms and legs to the
bed and then straddled me as he covered my eyes with a blindfold. I could feel
his cock harden through his pants and that made me even more excited. he was
up and off of me in a flash and I heard him go to the phone and leave the
message. I coldn't belive he was doing this. This was most embarrassing.
Someone I didn't know at all was going to walk through that door and see me
tied naked to the bed! I was furious and cursed VA as he left the room.
Somehow I would have to get him back for this. As I laid there seething in
anger I thought to myself "When the bellboy comes up with the wine I'll just
seduce him into screwing my brains out and when VA comes back he will see this
young stud filling my cunt with his young,strong, hard cock and THAT will
teach him a lesson. It was about 10 minutes before I heard a knock on the door
and I had gone through several fantasies about what was going to happen. I
heard a rather meek voice on the otherside of the door announce "Roomservice".
"Come in" I said with not just a small shake in my voice. I heard the door
open and close and then a rather load gasp. "I'm sure this is a rather large
shock to you but this is my lovers idea of a joke." There was no reply. "This
is very embarrassing for me. I hope it isn't as embarrassing to you." Still no
reply. "Why don't you set the wine down and come over and talk to me?" I
asked. There still was no reply but I heard the clunk of the wine bucket on
the counter followed by someone sitting on the bed next to me but still no
reply. This was getting scary. this guy could be a real wierdo or really gross
and ugly. "If you were to untie me we could get to know each other much
better." Still no vocal reply. "Look, maybe you had better leave then. My
lover will be back any minute now and I don't think he will take too kindly to
you sitting here drooling all over my naked body." Then I felt a gentle hand
settle down on my tummy and begin to stroke it very softly. I was getting
really scared now so I calmed myself with the thought that this was VA who
left the room and came back in was not saying anything because his voice would
give him away. The hand moved up to just under my breasts and I heard a gentle
sigh escape from the mouth of my "attacker". Two warm, gentle hands began to
explore my amble breasts - I was expecting mauling, pinching and drooling but
it was so gentle and nice, very loving. I began to relax. "I'm scared" I
admitted. A single finger came up and touhted my lips in a gesture ment to
calm and quite my fears. I shivered as the hands continued to caress me,
moving up to my face, tracing the edges of my lips and nose and moving to my
hair. They played with my auburn trusses and I felt the heat of someones
breath on my neck as my new lover leaned over and planted a soft wet kiss on
the side of my neck. As one hand traced down my neck and shoulders, the other
caressed my hair and face and the kisses continued on my neck, on my cheek, a
lick and nibble to my ear, on my eyes (through the blindfold) and finally the
soft wet lips decended to my own lips. It was a very loving, gentle kiss. No
tounges, just an expression of trust and warmth. My fears were slowly ebbing
and my excitement was growing. This was a gentle and loving lover!

18/49: Even more...
Name: Venus #343
Date: Tue Sep 12 08:25:31 1989

The kisses became more open and inviting. I became bold and ventured my tounge
beyond the edge of my own lips to touch, tentatively, the lips of my lover.
Then I became more bold and pressed it into my love's warm and inviting mouth.
Our passion exploded in a deep wet french kiss with our tounge intertwinning
in an expression of love and lust. My lovers hands were a flurry of motion,
running down my sides, caressing my hips, my tummy, my breasts, my shoulders
and neck as his mouth and tounge continued the silent dialog of our love. Then
our mouths parted and I felt hot wet lips kissing my shoulders and arms, down
to my breasts, my tummy and - Oh God - down to the very top of my mound. My
heartbeat began to race and I felt excitement shoot through my boudy in the
direction of my crotch. Hands began caressing my hips as lips and teeth teased
and nibbled my mound of curly hair. The hands began to stroke my inner thighs
and I shuddered several times in response. Then I felt warm moist breath next
to the hands, moving toward my womanhood. Then it happened. A kiss at the top
of my slit that sent my legs into convulsions followed by a tounge which split
my lips apart and collected my moisture dug deep and moved from bottom to top.
The licking increased and and the hands came into action and in no time I was
convulsing in a beautiful orgasm which seemed to last forever. As the spasms
began to subside my lover began to crawl up on top of me. I spread my legs in
anticipation of his entering me as I felt a pair of hands on either side of
me, supporting my lover's torso above me. Then a pair of smooth soft legs
spread mine farther apart and began to decend into my crotch. Just as I
expected a large hard cock to split open my cunt, a mound of hair touched my
own and a pair of breasts touched mine. I was so confused. Just as my mind
began to sort this information out and came to the conclusion that my lover
was a woman, I heard the door open and felt a cool breeze encompass our
bodies....

19/49: Fantastic Fantasy of Venus and the Va Gentleman - Chapter 5
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Tue Sep 12 21:28:38 1989

I made soft and gentle love to Venus with my tongue, alternating between her
soaking wet pussy, and her delicious breasts.  After eating her  for at least
two hours, but always stopping before she could climax, I enter my Goddess
with one rapid thrust.  It was the wildest scene I could imagine.  Venus had
never been so turned on, so wet, so wild.  The constant teasing of the evening
had taken its toll.  Venus was like a wild animial.  We both were.  Our lust
was overwhelming.  We were two passionate bodies merged as one, and then, it
was over.  I was so exhausted that I barely had the energy to untie Venus.
   I held Venus tightly in my arms, and whispered "I love you".  I didn't
realize but she was still wearing the blindfold.  I slowly removed it and
kissed her gently.  Venus looked around the room and realized that there was
noone else there.  Had she imagined the woman?  Was I the only one there?  We
fell asleep in each others arms, happy and content.
   I have never slept so soundly, so contently.  I do not know what time it
was when I awoke the next morning.  I was aware of a gentle press against my
lips.  As I slowly awoke, I realized my love was kissing me.  I started to put
my arms around Venus, but something was wrong...
   I realized that my arms had been tied.  My legs were spread wide and tied
as well.  I knew I was a sound sleeper, but this was unreal.
   I was fully awake now and looked at my beautiful Goddess.  Turnabout is
fair play she said with a wicked smile! -To Be Continued-



Read:(1-49,^19),? :

20/49: More Venus & VG
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Tue Sep 12 22:30:29 1989

Venus told me that unless I revealed the identity of "the other woman" I would
spend a long frustrated day tied and bound.  Finally, I gave Venus a telephone
number, and she immediately picked up the phone.  I couldn't hear the
conversation as Venus had stuffed something in both my ears, but I was really
getting turned on.  Shortly there was a knock at the door. -To Be continued-

21/49: Revenge is sweet
Name: Venus #343
Date: Wed Sep 13 06:47:36 1989

As I opened the door a beautiful brunette, about the same hight and build as
myself stood before me. I gestured for her to come in and closed the door
behind her. So you are my beautiful, sensitive lover ? I said. She smiled
sheepishly a blushed slightly. I embraced her and gave her a gentle kiss on
the cheek and whispered thank you in her ear. She responded by kissing me on
the mouth and running her hands through my silken hair. She was dressed in a
man's tuxedo - she explained that she worked for the hotel doing whatever
needed doing in the way of making the customers comfortable and that often she
had to help out room service when they were busy. That is what brought her to
our room. I told her how happy I was that fate had brought us together and she
agreed. Then I turned toward the bed where I had left VA with his hands and
legs tied to the bed just as he had done to me - only I added a new twist. I
gaged him by stuffing the panties I had worn the day before in his mouth and
secured them by tying another of my silk scarves around it to hold it in. He
was not blindfolded as I wanted him to see exactly what I and my lover were
going to do both to him and to each other. I said to my friend (whose name I
later found out was Kate) "I have a bit of a problem here that I need some
help with. Do you think you can help me out ?" She gave me a wink and said
"This looks like a pretty big problem, but first we have a little unfinnished
busness." She came back over toward me and began to caress me through my
nightie and planted a big wet kiss on my mouth, exploring it with her tongue.
I unbuttoned her coat and began to undress her. I removed her tie and began
unbuttoning her shirt and exposed a very beautiful pair of breasts. They felt
beautiful also. I had never felt another womans body before so it was VERY
exciting. I undid the snap at the top of her pants, unzipped them and helped
her step out of them. I pushed her shirt off of her shoulders and reached
around and undid the flimsy little silk bra she had on exposing the rest of
her lovely little titties.

22/49: Revenge II
Name: Venus #343
Date: Wed Sep 13 07:08:30 1989

As I was about to slide my hands sown her side and pull her little panties
down her long slender legs she turned her back to me and walked over toward
the bed. VA's eyes were as big as saucers and his cock was sticking straight
up in the air. Kate pulled a chair over next to the bed, angled it just so,
sat down with her hips on the edge a motioned for me to come over to her. I
knew damn well what she wanted from me but I was a little hesitant at first, I
had never licked another womans crotch before ... but I owed her the favor.
"Lick me through my panties until you are used to the idea." Kate said sensing
my nervousness. I knelt down between her legs and she spread them wide. I
could see VA straining to get as good a view as possible. I decided he
deserved a good show and I was going to give him a good one. Kate's panties
were all silk and I could see a little spot starting in the middle of the
crotch. her flesh filled the narrow strip of silk and caused it to bulge. The
panties were too small to contain the mass of black curly hair that covered
her mound and the surounding area. I touched her inner thigh tentativly and
then stroked it gently, working my way up to her crotch. I have always enjoyed
the smell of my sex when I get excited and hers was just as exciting. The
pungent musk filled my nostrils as I slowly moved my head toward her crotch.
Her hands came down and began to play with my hair as she directed me closer
yet. I reached my tongue out and touched the thin fabric which seperated our
passions. I started from the bottom and licked up the length of her pantie
crotch. I heard a moan come from VA and saw his hips thrusting his dick up in
the air. I knew he was in pain and I loved it! I continued licking and as her
cum mingled through the silk with my saliva I began to taste her sweetness. It
was a wonderful sensation. I placed my whole mouth on it and sucked. Kates
hands pulled my head hard against her crotch and one hand reached down and
pulled the wet little strip of silk aside exposing her slit to me. By now my
trepidation had melted into lust and I dove in tongue first. She tasted wonder
ful. It wasn't long at all before she was jerking in a very powerful orgasm.

23/49: Revenge III
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Wed Sep 13 23:35:58 1989

O sweet revenge. Watching Venus and Kate had me more excited than ever.  And
all I could do was watch.   The aroma of Venus' womanhood was so sweet, but
yet I wanted to beg, no, to plead to join the action.  But gagged with Venus'
panties all I could do was lay back and enjoy the action.  And what action it
was.  My beautiful Goddess and Kate had really got into it.  There was
something extremely erotic in watching these beautiful women make love.  I was
so turned on, yet so helpless.
Kate lay very still, exhausted and spent.  My lovely Venus came over to me and
positioned her wet sex right in front of my face.  I wanted to taste her sweet
juices so badly, but all I could do was moan and babble.  Finally, Venus
removed my gag and replaced it with her succulent pussy.  I licked and sucked.
 I could not get enough of this woman.  At the same time, Venus lightly kissed
my penis and teased my balls with her fingers.  I wanted more.  She was
driving me insane, and I think she was loving every minute of it.  She was
definitely loving every minute of it.
  Time had stood still.  I couldn't believe this was just our second day of
our lust filled vacation, and that it was still morning.  Venus was ridding my
tongue for all she was worth, literally fucking my face.  When she finally
erupted, she just sat there, sitting on top of my face, with my tongue buried
deep inside her womanhood.
  God, I was horney.  I wanted to go so bad.  But I was also totally helpless
and still in Venus' power.  She slowly got off of me and immediately stuffed
her panties back in my mouth.  Before I could protest or beg for release, I
was once again silenced. -To Be Continued-

24/49: The Big O
Name: Venus #343
Date: Thu Sep 14 06:53:38 1989

I had the most delicious orgasm on VA's face. He has such a skilled tongue.
Sitting with my twat over his face, I had rubbed it back and forth across his
entire face, using his nose to rub my little clitty. As I came he sucked
deeply on my drenched crotch. It was great. I really was making him suffer and
I was beginning to feel selfish. I decided it was time to give him as much
pleasure as he had given me. I rolled off to one side and as I did, Kate came
along the other. We both reached down for his cock and began playing with it.
Imagine four hands playing up and down the length of his hard cock, and it was
HARD. Not just semihard like those guys in the porno flicks. I'm talking steel
hard. I bent over slobbered my saliva all over it and both of us delighted in
spreading it all over his cock and balls. Kate keep reaching up and playing
with his nipples, stroking them and pinching them. I made sure my hands made
frequent trips up and down his inner thighs. Our mouths met at the tip of his
cock as we both licked the red knob, our tongues meeting and intertwining
often. As my hand pumped up and down the shaft a sweet little dab of pre-cum
oozed out of his hole. Our tongues fought for the treasure. I got the major
portion, but Kate, determined to get as much as me, firmly planted her lips
over the end of VA's dick and began to suck as much of it into her mouth as
she could. Her head began bucking up and down on his tool as I continued to
stroke it up and down. her hand had cupped his balls and was kneeding them. I
bent down so that I could lick and suck his hair covered scrotum and as I did
Kate's wet fingers moved down to his ass. I could feel the tension build in
his legs and balls. "He's not far off!" I reported to Kate. "Don't you dare
hog all of his seed." I warned. Kate forced a finger into his ass and let his
dick spring free of her mouth. She took over the stroking while I rewet my
hand and began milking the tip with it. VA's face was all scrunched up in
pain/pleasure and he was moaning through his pantie gag. Both Kate and I had
put our heads down on his belly - waiting for the explosion.

25/49: The climax
Name: Venus #343
Date: Thu Sep 14 07:17:04 1989

When I felt it come I slid my hand down onto his shaft and pointed it at our
faces. The first shot hit Kate square on the chin. The second ended up on VA's
belly and the third and forth had less power and dropped in great white globs
into the pubic hair surounding that magnificent cock of his. We pumped until
there was nothing left and then took turns licking it up off of him. We fought
over the few last precious globs, our tongues meeting in the battle which
ended in a deep french kiss during which we savored the taste of him and
shared it between ourselves. I didn't know how long it would take VA to
recover but I knew I couldn't wait VERY long... I had to have that cock up
inside of me as soon as possible. Kate propped VA's head up on a pillow,
removed his gag, sat on his chest and fed him her pussy. I walked over to my
little bag of goodies and fetched the little anal stimulator and the dildo
that I had bought. The anal stimulator was just a small battery powered dildo.
I got out a tube of KY, knelt down at the end of the bed and spread VA's legs
apart. I had to get another pillow and put it under his hips to give me the
access that I needed to his asshole. I played with his limp dick and balls for
a while and then worked my way down to his hole. With one finger I spread the
KY all around his ass and worked a little up inside. I then greased up my
little friend, turned him on and placed it against the sphincter. VA tensed,
not knowing what I was up to and I had to instruct him to calm down and relax.
I promised not to hert him - too much! I rubbed the little vibrater against
his balls and then moved back to his hole and very slowly pegan to push it in,
not unlike what a gentleman would do when entering a young lady for the first
time. I eased it up slowly until the plate at the bottom wouldn't allow it to
go in any further. VA was still busy licking Kate's bush so I thought the only
place for the dildo was up MY hole. On my knees by the bedside, I eased it up
my slick, wet hole moving it in and out as I took VA's now thickening rod into
my mouth. Having both holes filled was a lovely experience but it was all just
preparations for sitting down on VA's huge cock.

26/49: More O
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Thu Sep 14 20:31:28 1989

If Kate thought for one minute that she was going to ride my cock, Venus had
other ideas.  While Kate sat on my face, and I licked for all I was worth,
Venus slowly lowered herself on my once again stiff member.  I thought I had
died and gone to heaven.  My tongue was buried deeply in Kate's womanhood, and
Venus's pussy had swollowed up my manhood.  Venus kept pushing her vibrator up
against my balls and her clitorus, and managed somehow to reach down to the
anul stimulator still in my asshole and push it in even deeper.  I was truly
getting raped in three places, and loved every minute of it.
I couldn't believe this was happening.  I had lost all track of time.  How
long had I been tied spread eagle.  These two women knew what they wanted, and
they were determined to get it.  My tongue continued to lick Kate's sweet
pussy, while Venus rode my erection for all it was worth.  Faster and faster,
harder and harder.
What a site we must have made, our three bodies pulsating in one large mound
of human flesh.  Faster...Faster, Venus cried I'm cuming,I'm cuming...
She intensified her rocking motion, and Kate began to fuck my face for all she
was worth.  Finally we all lay exhausted, totally spent, collapsed in one
heap.  What a way to start the day.

27/49: The Fantastic Fantasy Continues - Chapter 6 (I think)
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Thu Sep 14 23:28:10 1989

I think we slept the rest of the morning, totally spent and exhausted.  Kate
had to leave, but promised to visit again before we had to leave.  The
afternoon was spent exploring the resort, swimming (Venus was an absolute
knockout in her new bikini), shopping in town, and finally, having a nice
dinner at a wonderful resturant.  Now for the evening, and boy did I have
plans.  Venus had pleaded all day to visit the lounge in the motel tonight.
Seems it was the hot spot in this little town, and had a fabulous band that
night.  So Venus dressed in her sexiest outfit (I'll let her describe it) and
was all ready to go down to the lounge when I sprang the next surprize on her.
No. You go alone sweetheart, I said.  I'll be down presently.  I want you to
flurt with all the men in that lounge.  Then I will just happen to start
talking to you, and who knows, I might just "pick you up".  Venus was somewhat
surprized by my sugestion, but another wicked grin quickly appeared on her
face.  See you later, luv, she shouted as she quickly finished applying her
makeup and went out the door.  Venus was dressed to kill, and as I had asked
earlier, she was not wearing a bra, nor any panties.  The lounge was never
going to be the same. -To Be Continued-

28/49: Venus and the Lounge Lizards
Name: Venus #343
Date: Fri Sep 15 07:11:01 1989

I had brought this "thing" with me. I'm not sure what you would call it but I
had ordered it from my "Victoria's Secret" catalog. It was really just I silk
slip but I wore it as a dress. What a brazen little slut I was to wear a black
garter belt and black stockings under the shear red silk nothing of a slip.
Nomatter how I sat the outline of my garter belt showed through. VA had
insisted I go braless and pantieless - braless was no problem - I couldn't
have worn one under this sweet nothing anyhow, but pantieless? I was getting
wet just getting dressed. I knew it wouldn't take long before my jucies seeped
out and stained the back of my little slip/dress. I would have to stand up so
that they just ran down my leg. I got on to the elevator and headed down
toward the lounge knowing that every woman in the room was going to hate me
and think wat a little slutty bitch I was for wearing what I was wearing,
especially when their men sprouted hard ons watching me. I loved it !
The elevator stopped a few floors below ours and a large group of men got on.
It got crowded fast and I found myself in the corner standing infront of a
rather tall somewhat good looking man (no match for VA of course). He found a
few opportunies to brush against me as the elevator decended and as people
shifted in the car. A few floors lower yet another group got on forcing me
back a step further in the car. I found my little silk covered ass pushed up
against the gentleman behind me and was not at all suprised to feel him harden
in response. I teasingly moved until his thickening cock was between my ass
checks and moved ever so slightly up and down against his length. He was going
crazy. He began to push back and I felt his hand (the one toward the wall)
gently touch my leg at the hem of my dress and slowly work its way up my silky
legs until he reached the top of my stocking. At that point we hit bottom, he
let ou a little grunt and I fell slightly back against him pressing my ass
deeply against his crotch. I felt him spasm and he grabbed my hips and pulled
me against his erupting cock as the other men began to exit the elevator. I
smiled and winked as I walked away while he tried to cover the spreading spot

29/49: Cont
Name: Venus #343
Date: Fri Sep 15 07:25:44 1989

on the front of his nice little business suit. I doubt he minded very much. I
thought about following him into the men's room and helping to clean him off
but I decied that the lure of more prey in the lounge was too great. It was
time to move on to the next victim. As I walked into the lounge I paused in
the door way so as to get as much attention as possible. I saw heads turn and
under the dissapproving eyes of every female in the joint, I walked over to
the bar and sat on a bar stool letting my dress ride up my legs and showing
off the tops of my stockings. Iwondered how many men's cocks were just now
beginning to thicken because of my sluttish behavior. I ordered a bottle of
Asti Spumante and had the bartender pour it into a long champainge flute. I
turned toward the crowded room, took a sip and scanned the crowd for my prey.
How deliciously bitchy it would be to steal a nice hunk of meat away from his
date, drag him out to the parking lot and have him fill me from behind as I
bent over the hood of a car. I was in the mood for some good hard cock. I was
hoping to accomplish this before VA came down. What he didn't know wouldn't
hurt him. Besides, there wold be PLENTY left for him later...

30/49: Arriving Just in time
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Sat Sep 16 23:02:14 1989

I walked into the lounge to see Venus dancing wildly with someone she had
obviously met in the lounge.  About that time the song ended and Venus and her
friend walked over to a table and sat down with three other fellows.  I guess
I was a little jealous (well, real jealous) but I could see that Venus was
having a great time, and was feeling no pain, either.
I ordered a drink from the bar (actually a Miller Lite) and sat unnoticed by
Venus and watched her flurt with these guys for about 15 minutes.  Just as I
was getting ready to strool around the lounge, Venus and I made eye contact.
You should have seen the look on everyone's faces when Venus came over to the
bar and laid the most passionate kiss one can imagine on me.  I felt like a
million dollars.
About that time, they announced they were preparing for a Dirty Dance contest.
 Venus and I decided to enter, and really give the crowd a show.  I don't
think there was anyone in the place, male or female, that had not noticed my
beautiful Venus.  Anyway, the band started playing none other than Theme FRom
Dirty Dancing, and in a flash Venus and I were on the dance floor.  One look
at her and it was true.  I had never felt this way before...  I held her
tight, we spun around, and then our "dirty little show" started.
-To Be Continued-

31/49: Later That Night...
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Tue Sep 19 22:45:31 1989

When we returned to the room we were both more than a little drunk.  Yet we
made soft, gentle love.  Nothing kinky, nothing wild.  We had fucked wildly
all weekend, but this time we made beautiful love.
We feel asleep in each others arms, contented, and at peace.  I had another
big day planned for Venus tomorrow.

32/49: The next day
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Tue Sep 19 22:57:38 1989

I couldn't believe it was Sunday already.  I was just glad we had made this a
four day weekend.  Still tomorrow we were to go home.  Anyway, I had big plans
for the day.  I asked Venus to wear something appropriate for a hike on a
nature trail, but something sexy.  As usual, my sex goddess looked ravashing,
but I'll let her describe her outfit.  At the adult store, I had Venus
purchase a set of Chinese Ben-Wai Balls.  These were inserted deeply into her
vagina and would provide for interesting stimulation as we began our little
hike.  The motel we were staying at had several very secluded nature trails.
We chose one which appeared completely deserted.  We walked hand-in-hand, we
laughed, we giggled.  As we playfully explored the "Wild Jungle", something
else was becoming wild.  Venus was getting more turned on by the minute.  When
Venus gets turned on, she is like no other woman, and she was getting turned
on.  The Ben-Wai balls had taken there toll.  We found a small clearing off
the trail, and explored on our own a bit.  Venus took off running and dared me
to catch her.  It was no contest.  I wrestled Venus to the ground and we both
started laughing.  THEN, I kissed Venus, very passionately.  Venus said she
couldn't believe how turned on she was, especially consideringall the sex we
had shared this weekend.  I started to undress her.  Her concern that someone
might stumble upon us quickly disappeared as our animial lust took over.
Venus was so beautiful, and o so very hot.
I quickly finished removing all her clothes and buried my head between her
legs.  Her pussy was soaking wet, and her juices were so sweet...
-To Be Continued-

34/49: Surprise, Surprise....
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Wed Sep 20 20:55:45 1989

Venus and I finally returned to the room.  When we got back, there was a
surprise waiting for us.  I grinned as Venus placed the key in the motel door.
Venus opened the door and there was my twin brother Chris and his girlfriend,
a knockout by the name of Laura.  What the hell was going on?  Venus was
so shooked that she couldn't comprehend that I had a twin brother.  Well,
since Chris and Laura hadn't missed a stroke while Venus was answering the
door, we jumped right in and joined them.  This had the makings of a real
orgy, a menage a trois (plus one).  This was wild, all four of us laying on
the bed, naked, fucking like wild animials.  I was humping Venus and Chris was
drilling Laura for all she was worth.  Venus protested that she had always
fantasized about having 2 dicks at one time.  The next thing I knew, Chris was
off of Laura and lowering his penis into Venus' mouth.  Laura, not to be left
out, rolled down to the foot of the bed and started licking my balls, rotating
her tongue from my balls to Venus' sweet lovenest.  We were going crazy when,
would you believe, there was a knock at the door...
-To Be Continued-


37/49: Every hole full
Name: Venus #343
Date: Mon Sep 25 13:12:03 1989

You can't imagine what it is like to have some guy filling your cunt with cock
while a babe like laura licking and sucking your melding sex organs and then
have another 8 inches of dick pushed into your mouth while you are moaning
with unbelivable pleasure. And then, in walks John. It didn't take him long to
strip naked and get between Lauras sweet cheeks with his tounge and get her
motor running. He laid on his back while she knelt at the end of the bed
licking VA and I and she squated down onto his face, pushing her wet quid into
his probing tongue. I began to shiver and spasm as one fantastic fucking
orgasm build in the bottom of my feet and worked its way through my body in
waves of pleasure. There was no real beginning it just slowly happened. And it
continued forever. At the crest of one particular wave of pleasure I screamed
"I want every dick in the place to come on me!" at which point VA pulled out
of my slit, Chris pulled out of my mouth and John got up from between Laura's
legs and they all stood next to me and stroked their rock hard dicks up and
down. The scent of sex was so thick it just hung in the air. Laura not wanting
to be left out continued to eat me while inserting two fingers up my wet and
loose hole. Then, while I rubbed my breasts and pulled my nipples all three of
my studs shot their loads on my face and hands and breasts in cum shower that
left us all sticky, wet and satisfied... well, at least for a few minutes. I
have never been so thoroughly fucked in my entire life. I doubted if I was
ever going to walk again, but who would care? I could lay here and get layed
by these studs everytime I wanted them to. I just laid there and rubbed cum
into my tits and neck and face occasionally licking my fingers and tasting the
combined taste of my three man cum shower.

40/49: More Adventures of Venus and the VA Gentleman
Name: Va Gentleman #198
Date: Mon Sep 25 23:33:24 1989

Our trip had been fantastic, but now it was time to HEAD back home.  Venus had
been thoughly fucked, and she was quite sore.  Her pussy was sore.  Her tits
were sore. The sweet smile of contentment on my beautiful Godess' face was so
peaceful.  She laid her head back in the seat as we moved along the freeway.
We had some idle chit chat but mostly we just relaxed, each content with the
super vacation we had shared.  It was getting to be late afternoon when I took
an exit off the freeway that Venus immediately realized was not on our route.
As a matter of fact, we were in the middle of nowhere and Venus started to
suspect that I had something new up my  sleeve.  She pointed out that I had to
be back to work the next day.  Finally,after a long silence, I confessed to
her that I had taken the rest of the week off, but was saving it as a
surprise.  At this point, Venus was dying to know where we were going.
I can't believe I am getting so excited again, she volunteered.  I placed my
hand in her lap and started to massage her womanhood under her leather dress.
She was quite moist, but then again, Venus was always moist, and READY for
ACTION!  Finally, I turned off the main road onto a long dirt road.  Venus'
was becoming quite impatient and dying to know where we were going.  I just
smiled and continued to play with her pussy.  In a couple of miles we came to
the entrance of the camp.  A big sign at the gate said "Larry's Nature
Retreat".  A smaller sign underneath gave the American Sunbathing Association
slogan "Dare To Go Bare"!  Venus immediately knew where we were.  She had
always wanted to visit a Nudist Camp and now her fantasy was about to become a
reality. -To Be Continued-

   End Of Exotic Zone File
 

