              A Very Special Student Teacher Relationship
 
                            By-Zara Thusta
 
  I was instructing a class in public speaking sometime ago when I
happened to notice a young woman in my class who peaked my attention.  A
few weeks into the semester, she gave a speech on pornography, and made
repeated references to bondage, discipline and domination.  Her main
point turned out to be that people engaging in consensual relationships
who happen to take pictures or make films, should not be considered
pornographic, because it is completely voluntary submission, as opposed
to other types of pornography which forces women to be subjected to
sexual activities against their will.  She also added that a significant
portion of B&D "porn" depicted men as the ones who were forced to submit
to women and that this was something that other pornography did not
focus on.  I was quite impressed with her speech, and she presented it
very well, she had a good command of her topic and spoke very well.
That night as I was grading her speech outline, I noticed that she had a
large number of sources and citations about pornography included, but
none that specifically mentioned anything about B&D or S&M.  I was
dissappointed that she had failed to include her references, so I
graded her down from an A to a B.  I also put a note on her outline
telling her that she should come to my office, so I could explain to her
why she had been marked down, and show her the proper way to cite her
sources.
  Wednesday rolled around and I noticed her sitting in the front of the
room.  She usually sat near the back, so it was quite unusual to see her
right there in front.  She was about medium height, I would guess 5'5"
or so and nicely built.  Long legs, which I got to see often as she wore
miniskirts almost everyday.  A nice figure and a very pretty face,
framed by short blond hair parted on the side.  Her name was Maria, and
she was always very active in all the class discussions and always very
assertive about whatever she felt on any given topic.  I could see that
she was wearing a pair of knee high black leather boots today.  Boots
are very common up here, as there is always snow on the ground and it is
usually quite cold.  These boots were different, however, they had what
looked like high stiletto heels, which came down to a very thin point at
the tip.  I noticed how gracefully she was able to walk in them, and how
they made her ass cheeks tighten as she took each step.  She wore a very
short denim miniskirt, and a pair of black seemed stocking that
disappeared about knee high into her boots.  She also wore a loose
fitting black blouse, which made her look really sexy.  This woman
looked so mature, it was ahrd to believe she was an 18 year old freshman
in college.
  As I lecture, I kept looking around the room, trying to keep my eyes
off of her.  I succeeded for the most part, except once or twice, when I
noticed she was sitting with her legs slightly spread, revealing that
she was wearing a pair of shiny black leather panties.  I had to step
behind the podium to hide my growing erection from the class.  As I did,
a smile came over her face and she crossed her legs, concealing her
pantied crotch from my view again.  With about 15 minutes left in the
class, I handed back my comments on their speeches and their outlines
and dismissed them.  She read both sheets very careful and kept shaking
her head as she read.  After everyone had left she was still sitting at
her desk reading.  I stepped towards the door and she looked up at me
and told me she would see me at three, when my office hours started.  I
went back to my office and sat down at my desk, leaving the door open.
A few minutes later, there was a wrap on the door, and I looked up and
saw Maria standing in the doorway.  I asked if she needed something.
She expalined that she wanted to talk about her grade, and she was very
upset about it and didn't feel like waiting around until 3:00 to discuss
it.  I put the bok I was reading away and told her to come in and have a
seat.  She stepped inside, pulled the door shut and turned the lock.
She came over in front of my desk and sat down.  She looked me staright
in the eye and told me to explain why she got a B on the speech when it
was clearly A work.
  I took the papers from her and pointed out her section where she cited
her sources, and told her that most of what she said in the speech had
no documentation.  I told her it was sloppy work to forget to cite such
a major part of her research and told her that it was unacceptable.  She
took the paper back and expalined that she had cited everything she had
used and that everything else she already knew. I asked how she knew so
much about D&s relationships, and she smiled at me.  She asked why I
called it D&s, and that that wasn't a term she ever used in her speech,
she asked how I knew what that was.  I fumbled with my words a little
and told her I just knew.  She snapped back at me and expalined that it
was the same thing with her, she just knew.  She also said that if I
wasn't willing to tell her how I knew, why did she have to cite
something in a paper that she already knew.  I didn't have an answer to
that one, either I had to admit that I was into D&s, or give her the
grade that she wanted.  I took out my red pen and scratched out the B
and wrote in an A, I did the same in my grade book.  I asked her if she
was satisfied.  She said no.  She told me that it was really
irresponsible of me to grade her down for no reason and that she was
really upset for a while before she came to see me.  She also told me
that she had worked very hard on her speech and that I didn't have an
appreciation for how much work she had done.  I told her I was sorry.
She muttered under her breath that I would be.  I asked her if there was
anything else and if not she could go about her business.  She told me
she wanted to discuss her speech further, and get some honest feedback
from me, since I had not been honest about it before.  I agreed.
  She sat back and spread her legs again, but I couldn't see anything
under my desk.  I sat up in my chair and tried to get a peak.  She
looked at me and shook her head, telling me she knew I was interested.
I denied it at first, but she just gave me a look, and I knew she didn't
believe me.  She told me she noticed me looking at her boots and her
crotch all class long.  She also told me that she noticed me stop
writing and look up for a long period of time when she was discussing
B&D in her speech, especially the parts about women and men.  I
explained to her that I knew a little bit about Mistresses and female
domination.  She looked at me and smiled softly, looking very innocent.
She said she wasn't familiar with the terms and that she wanted me to
tell her more.  She told me that she had been to the library and had
never been able to find any books or articles on the subject and asked
me how I knew so much.  I told her I had some friends who were
interested and I talked to them sometimes.  She looked down and said
"Oh, so you have never done it yourself, huh?"  I wasn't sure what to
say, I opened my mouth and I just said "well . . ." and let it fall off.
She looked up with a sparkle in her eyes and asked to hear more, telling
me she was really very interested and didn't know too much about it.
She asked me if I had ever been a slave to a woman before.  I nodded.
She told me that she couldn't hear me and that I should speak up, I at
least owed her than. I responded, telling her I had been a slave to a
woman before.  She smiled, and asked, "a dirty little slut slave?"  I
looked down and nodded.  She barked, "I can't hear you!"  I said "yes."
She looked back and me and asked "yes, what?"  I could hardly believe I
was saying it "Yes, I was a dirty little slut slave, Mistress."  She
informed that she didn't know what I meant by that and that she didn't
know what to say to me.  She looked so innocent when I looked back up at
her, she was smiling softly and her eyebrows were raised.  She looked
inquisitive.  She asked me if it was true that sometimes women tie men
up and if they were spank them.  Again I didn't know what to say.  I
replied, "Well, sometimes, they get tied up and sometimes they get
spanked, if they have been bad."  She asked if I liked to get tied up
and spanked, and I told her that I did.  She looked back at me and told
me that she didn't want to hear any of this, and that she was disgusted
by my behavior and that she was afraid that I would try to rape her.  I
freaked out, I told her that I wouldn't that I was just answering her
questions and that I didn't mean to offend her.  She said she was just
kidding and got up, walked to the door and opened it.  Standing there
was another woman.  Maria reached inside her blouse and pulled out a
small tape recorder and handed it to the other woman, showing it to me
first and playing back a small portion where I had told her I was a
dirty slut slave.  They both laughed, and she shut the door again and
sat back down.  She told me that her friend was going to edit the tape,
and it would make a nice little piece of evidence in a case against me
for sexual harassment.  I couldn't believe what was happening.
  Maria opened her bag and pulled out a few feet of rope, and a ping
pong paddle, reminding me what I had said earlier, that sometimes men
who have been bad get tied up and spanked.  I tried everything to get
out of it, and finally, I begged her, "Please Maria, please don't do
this."  She just laughed and told me that she had to, repeating my
words, when little slave boys are bad, they get spanked, telling me "you
said so yourself."  She ordered me to come over to her and take off my
pants.  I did, and she pulled my boxer shorts down to my ankles.  She
tied my wrists together behind my back and pulled me down on her lap
where she was sitting.  She began spanking me slowly with her hand and
gradually getting harder and harder.  After about 25 swats, she picked
up the paddle and spanked my ass, making me repeat, "I am Mistress
Maria's dirty slut slave."  Each time I said it, she would spank my ass.
After about 45 minutes she got up and put a sign on my door, indicating
that I would be unavailable for office hours as I was "all tied up."
She kept me bound for several hours, spanking me and making me lick her
boots and eventually letting me lick her pussy to orgasm.  She then
removed her miniskirt and boots and put my pants on.  She put her boots
on as well.  She untied my wrists and took my boxers off as well.  With
that she gather her things and left, leaving me only her miniskirt and
my shorts to wear.  As she left she cautioned that I should wait until
later to leave, she didn't want me to get in trouble.  She also handed
me a note and then walked out the door, pulling it shut behind her.  I
pulled on her skirt and it barely covered my crotch and the tops of my
thighs.  I couldn't close it, so I had to hold it shut with my hand.  I
opened the note which read:
 
                                                        6/5
 
 
      I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did, especially since we will
      be doing it very often.  I have been attracted to you since the
      first day of class.  Just as you teach me in class, I will teach
      you at home.  We both have a lot to learn it seems.  By the way,
      your pants fit very nicely and I hope you know they contain your
      keys and your wallet.  If you want them back, stop by my place
      tonight.  If you are good, I may let you have them back.
                                        See you soon,
                                            Mistress Maria
 
The note was dated 5 days in the future, so if I tried to use it as
evidence against her, it would look forged.  I knew I had to get my keys
and wallet back, and that I would have to find where she lived and go
there.  I looked in the student directory, and found the address, just a
few blocks away.  In my shirt and her miniskirt, I left the office,
sometime after 10:00 p.m. and made my way to her place.  What was
waiting there for me was unlike anything I had ever experienced before.
 
  I found her house, and knocked on the door, figuring that she may well
be asleep being that it was getting late.  However, I could hear from
behind the door music playing and the sound of voice.  Suddenly it
dawned on me.  IT WAS PARTY!  And I was standing at the door in a
miniskirt that barely covered by balls.  I paniced briefly, but was
somewhat relieved when the door opened.  In front of me stood a 6' tall
man dressed in a pink teddy, stocking and garter belt.  He was wearing
wrist cuffs and a collar, and a few feet behind him stood a woman
dressed in a tight fiting red dress holding a leash that ran to his
collar.  She snapped the leash and the man stepped back a few feet and
the woamn told me to come in.  She shouted into the back corridor, "He's
Here, Maria!"  She instructed me to sit down on the couch and wait for
her.  As I made my way over to the couch, I saw 8 or 10 couples, each of
which had a dominant and submissive partner.  For the most part the
women were all dominant, but I did see a few women who had other women
as their submissives.  The same woman told me to stand and follow her.
She led me down the corridor to a door.  She opened it and pushed me in.
Maria was there, dressed just as she was when she left me.  She had a
camera in her hand and snapped a picture of me in her skirt and laughed.
Then she returned to what she was doing before, snapping pictures of a
man on the bed, who was tied tightly to a four post bed, spread eagle.
He had a gag in his mouth and written on his chest in bright red
lipstick were the words "Kim's Slave."  He was struggling quite a bit,
and Maria explained that he was not as cooperative as I was, and that
they had to take experpts from his lectures to get a tape that would
implicate him.  He looked up at me and struggled some more, kicking and
trying to scream through his gag.  Two more women came in and helped
turn him over.  Once he was securely tied face down they put a wide
dildo up his ass and took some more pictures.  Fianlly, they let him up,
and keeping him bound and gagged, led him out of the room.  Maria looked
at me, and put her camera down, she motioned toward the bed and
explained that I was next.  The two women came in and quickly stripped
me naked, and Maria held up my keys and wallet for incentive.  I hopped
into bed almost thankfully and spread my arms and legs so they could be
tied.  Maria decided that that wasn't good enough for me, she wanted
something that she could really enjoy looking at, so they talked about
it for a few minutes and decided to hogtie me on the bed, with my feet
attached to the back of the ball gag, and my wrists tied to a collar in
back of me.  Next, they pulled out the lipstick and wrote across my
chest "MARIA'S SLAVE" and began photographing me.  She expalined that
this was an insurance policy that I would continue to obey and service
her and her friends as they wished.  If I ever decided to leave, these
pictures would mysteriously show up in very detrimental places.  She
tied me spread eagle after that, leaving me gagged, and placing clamps
on my nipples, cock and balls, and having people point to the writing on
my chest which clearly indicated I belonged to her.  After 3 rolls of
film and several positions, I was released and told to go into the room
next door and kneel and wait for Maria to be done.  I did as I was told.

    I kneeled waiting for Maria, just as she had instructed.  After
about a half hour of waiting, I began to get a little bit restless and
got up to stretch my legs.  As I got up, the door opened and Maria
walked in.  She asked me what exactly it was that I was doing.  I tried
to explain that I was just stretching and that I had been waiting
patiently all along until just that very moment.  She just shook her
head and pointed to the writing on my chest.  She told me that I was not
only disobedient, but also a back-talker.  She walked over to the closet
and opened it.  Instead of a closet, I found a small, walk in room with
all sorts of cuffs, whips, paddles, gags, blindfolds, and devices which
filled the room, except for a small roundish looking table which she
seemed to consider as a possible form of punishment for me.  I knew
better than to open my mouth or say another word.  She instructed me to
crawl over to her and kneel by her feet in the closet.  She reaced up
and grabbed a small, wide band of rubber, and told me to close my eyes.
I could feel her stretching it over my head and in a few seconds it was
pulled tightly over my eyes.  It was extremely tight, and made opening
my eyes impossible.  It hugged my head so tightly, that after just a few
minutes in it, my face was starting to sweat underneath it.  The next
thing she did was order me to pledge to her my service.  I told her that
I pledged myself to her completely and that I would serve her anyway she
saw fit.  She told me that was good, and she was pleased, because that
was the last thing I would be able to say for a while.  I expected to
feel the pressure of a ball gag fit into my mouth but to my suprise she
told me to stick out my tongue.  When I did, I felt her fingers grab it,
and I felt it being slid between what felt like two pieces of wood.  She
pulled my tongue until it was out as far as it would go, and slid
something back into my mouth until it hit the sides of my lips, pressing
them back.  Next, I felt the pressure increase on my tongue as she
tightened screw on each end.  In just a few seconds, I had a clamp on my
tongue that was pulling it out of my mouth and that was wide enough to
put pressure on my jaws without it slipping into my mouth.  She had
clamped my tongue!  She was right, about speaking, it was a much more
effective gag then even the largest ball gag I had used.  And whats
more, IT HURT!  She told me that my tongue was being punished for my
back-talking and that this would be a reminder of why I was to be more
submissive when addressing her.
  The next thing she had me do was stand over the small rounded table,
and I could feel her attaching cuffs to both my ankles and knees.  The
table only went up knee high, but held me very firmly in position.  Next
my wrists were tied to my knees, so I was completely bound and tied
motionless to the small table.  The next thing I heard was a small, slow
clicking noise, and then a pause.  Something being screwed to something
else, and then more clicking.  Soon, I knew what the noise was, as a
small dildo started rubbing against my asshole and I felt a slight
tingle against my balls.  Slowly with each clicking sound, the dildo
moved deeper and deeper into my asshole.  At the same time, I could feel
a v-shaped edge of hard wood pressing against my cock and balls.  At
first, it was uncomfortable, and slowly it began crushing my balls and
digging into my cock.  The pain became more and more intense.  Finally
the clicking stopped.  Maria told me that all I had to do was say
nicely that I wanted her to stop.  She giggled as I tried to speak with
my tongue clamped as it was.  She thought the whole thing was funny.
After trying several times to tell her to stop, she told me she couldn't
understand me.  I tried again.  This time, finally, she told me she
understood.
  I breathed a sigh of relief, maybe she would let me of this
contraption.  Much to my surprise, she turned the crank again, shoving
the dildo deeper and pressing the bar against my cock and balls,
crushing them completely.  After cranking the handle, she commented how
she was so surprised that I had actually asked for more!  And asked if
there was anything else she could do for me.  I tried to ask her to
stop, but again, she told me that she wasn't sure if she should do more
or not.  I tried to shake my head to say no, and with that she said,
that she had never seen a slave respond so negatively to her wanting to
stop.  She cranked it two more times, and I tried to scream, to no
avail.  I tried pushing the clamp off my tongue, wriggling free and
trying to use my bonds to push me up off the horse, but I got no relief
at all.   She told me I looked like I was trying to tame a bucking
bronco, and called her friends in to watch.  In a few moments I heard
cheers and laughs for what sounded like a dozen women.  Some of them
seemed to know who I was, and two were voices I recognized from my
class.  They cheered "Ride 'em Cowboy" as I bucked trying to get away
from this horrible device.  After about a half hour or so, the cheering
faded, and, exhausted, I was removed from the device.  I could feel
Maria petting my head and telling me that I was very obedient.  She told
me I was not to say a word, and then removed the clamp from my tongue.
It felt so wonderful just to get my tongue back into my dry mouth.  I
didn't dare speak, I just sat quietly, blindfolded and waited for her
next instruction.  Before I knew it she was helping me stand up, and
re-cuffing my hands together and attaching them to a hook overhead.  I
heard a clicking sound again and felt myself being raised slowly to an
upright position.  I was stretched out so that my feet were flat on the
floor, and I was completely secure.  She attached a 2 foot spreader bar
between my ankles and attached what felt like about twenty pounds of
weight to it.  She ordered me to stand up on my tip toes, and to hold
that position.  She informed me that it pleased her.  She also told me
that if my heels touched the ground, I would be punished.  I kept up as
long as I could, but eventually, I rested back on my heels.  As I fell
back, I felt a sharp sting on my ass, and then another and another and
several more.  I raised back on my toes, and the whipping continued.
After about twenty more blows, it stopped.  Maria told me that I had
displeased her tremendously by failing to obey.  The rule was simple:
She had to make it less pleasurable for me to rest then to stay up on my
toes.  In essence, the whip was just helping her teach me to please her.
I fell back on my heels several more times, each time receiving a
whipping somewhat more severe than the last.  Finally, after I held my
position for close to an hour, I was released and slumped down on the
floor.
  Now I was told that I had a reward coming and that I should be very
proud of my service.  My blindfold was lifted up over my eyes and I saw
6 beautiful women, including Maria, standing before me.  Each clad in
the sexiet lingerie I had ever seen.  Maria explained that they were
having a lingerie party outside, and that these were some of the models
that had come to the show.  She also informed me that they each had
something special to give me, that I was to take as the highest honor
that I deserved.  She pulled my rubber blindfold back down, and
positioned me so that I was kneeling.  Next, I felt a headband being
tightened around my head and buckled shut.  I fit very tightly.  My
wrists were clipped to the cuffs on my knees and finally, my ankles were
first tied to a small screw-eye in the floor, and then to the back of
the band around my head.  As a result, my head was tilted back as far as
it would go, and my mouth was pulled open from the strain on my neck.
Maria told me I had done very well, and now, my job was ready to begin.
She leaned down and ran her finger along my lips, very erotically, and
told me that she would be very pleased with my service, if I would act
as her human toilet until the party was over.  She explained that all
the women here would use my mouth to pee in any time they had to go.  I
was to swallow all of it, and if I performed adequately, she would allow
me to use the bathroom at the end of the evening.  If not, she told me
that she had a special gag, that ran a catheter from my cock to a ball
gag, which would force me to hold it all night, or swallow my own piss.
I twisted to get more comfortable, and told her that I would serve her
to the best of my abilities.  She seemed pleased.
  She asked the ladies who had to go, and one woman spoke up.  Maria
showed her over to me and instructed her how to use her human toilet.
She introduced the woman as Beth, and told her to squat down on my face,
positioning the top of her pussy over my mouth.  Then she instructed her
to sit, as on a normal toilet.  I was literally holding the full weight
of this woman on my face.  Next she told her to piss as she normally
would.  She let her stream loose and I gulped as best I could.  Having
her pussy right on my face, made me grow hard.  Maria quickly put an
dend to that by resting the sole of her boot on my hard cock, and slowly
putting weight on it, until my erection subsided.   When Beth had
finished pissing, she asked Maria what to do next.  Maria told her to
flush my tightly gripping one of my nipples and twisting it.  I
swallowed hard!  Next she asked her for toilet paper.  Maria instructed
her to stand up, turn around 180 degrees and allow me to lick her clean.
She also told Beth that she should grab my nipple again and twist it
when she was finished.  As Beth squated on my face again, I licked
furiously, and I also felt, a light tap on my cock from Maria's boot, as
I got hard, again, it turned into a firm squashing action, which
returned me to my limp condition.
  I serviced a steady stream of women, drinking their piss, licking them
first to cleanliness, and next to orgasm.  In fact, when one of the
women complemented Maria on the "greatest toilet in the world," Maria
told her that I was doing my job perfectly.  My jaws were aching, and
my lips and tongue were exhausted, but I kept going until there were no
more women to service.  My nipples were so sensitive that even a rush of
air passing by set them on fire, each twist set them burning like an
unquenchable flame.  Some of the women were nice, just lightly tapping
them when they were done, others derived great pleasure from twisting
them viciously.  Either way, I was quite happy to be of service.
  That night, Maria told me that she loved the way I was obedient to
her, and as a result, she had gotten me a present.  She instructed me
to spend the night, and get some rest.  She told me tomorrow was a big
day, starting at five in the morning.  She told me she knew my entire
schedule and would make sure I got everything done, but that the morning
was hers. I agreed.  She asked me how I would like to sleep.  I didn't
understand the question at first, and then as she removed the cuffs,
locks and straps from the closet, it became clear.  "Face up, or face
down?"  I smiled, and told her face up.  She smiled and told me she
liked that position best as well.
  She tied me spread eagle to the bed, at the ankles, knees, elbows, and
wrists, and attached a collar which was locked to the headboard.  She
blidfolded me with a beautiful silk scarf, and rubbed lotion on my
nipples, cock and balls.  She kissed me on the cheek and told me to
sleep well.  I heard her turn off the light, and the door shut and lock.
I fell asleep quickly, dreaming of what tomorrow would hold.
