
 
It seems we are far from achieving the ultimate in these useful devices.
They seem to be lacking in at least the following areas:
 
1) Shape. They seem to be designed for internal use, although I believe
they are rarely used that way. Also, surely there should be 'his' and 
'hers' versions?
 
2) Texture. Plastic is hardly the ideal. What about rubber? leather? 
latex? Interchangeable shells?
 
3) Control. The mains versions (far better than the battery versions, by 
the way) seem to have at most two speeds. We need a variety of speeds 
and of degree of vibration.
 
4) Advanced features. What about a pre-programmable cycle of movement 
(fast, slow, fast, slow)? Remote control? RS-232 interface? 
 
This is an important subject. Although not widely discussed, there is 
an enormous penetration (excuse the awful pun!) of vibrators among the
population (26% of respondents according to the 1981 Cosmo Report). 
It is probably quite a large industry, if not a well publicised one.
 
Yet there is a lot of scope for improvements.
 
Comments? Recommendations?
 
 

 
Dear Peter,
 
        To tell you the truth, I've never used a vibrator, so my
experience is very limited.  I'm not sure how many men use them
regularly or intermittently.  I would agree, though, that the range of
products available seems to be quite limited.  But that sounds like a
*great* business opportunity!
 
        Jo
 
 
 
Dear Peter,
 
Funny you should bring this up!  I was at a national conference on
Human Sexuality (actually, it was the Mensa SEXYG gathering) in San
Francisco, last November, and one of the "hand-outs" was a catalogue
put out by a company called Good Vibrations (local to the Bay Area).  I
couldn't believe the variety!:  his, hers, his&hers, his&his,
hers&hers, etc.  Every conceivable size, shape, texture, color, etc.
seemed to be represented in their catalogue.
 
Unfortunately, I've managed to misplace the catalogue (or else, it was
"borrowed" and misplaced by someone else! <grin!>), so I don't have an
address, but I'll look around for it!
 
      <hugs!>
              Lana
 
 

'v actually been to Good Vibrations, although I did not see the catalog. 
They are here in S.F. and run by a very nice lady. They even have a 'try 
out room'!
 
They also have some antique vibrators on show, believe it or not!
 
But nothing I saw came near to the ideas I mentioned in out comes the drafting equipment again....oh dear...>>>
book/ 
 

Cindi,
 
Do I feel a draft?
 
Sue
 
And it's...
        1
        2
        3
what are we fightin't ask...doesn't matter to me...
Next stop it's Tripoli...
        oh...not THAT kind of draft, eh?
 
 

 
dearheart,
 
if she succeeds, you may feel a lot more than that! <giggle>
 
    ....paula
 
 
Dearest Jo,
 
Hmmmmm...well, let's find someone with the manufacturing "know-how" and
do it! <grin>
 
Seriously, it seems there should be some way to incorporate
microprocessor technology into these things!  If one can have a
programmable handheld calculator, why not a programmable vibrator?
 
(oh geeze...what's happening to Paula's poor little mind!)
 
       love and giggles,
 
              ....paula
 
 
 
Now I know what people mean when they prefix their messages with
"Hmmmmmmm". It is a buzzing sound! Maybe we should put it in the index
in DL8. [!!] Peter
 
 
 
 Paula
I am sure it is possible. After all, they are using microprocessors to
return mobility to those with nerve damage that prevented them from
using perfectly healthy limbs.
 
           Huggz.....Karena
 
 
A Note for the DL:
 
Good Vibrations
3492 22nd Street (at Dolores)
San Francisco, CA 94110
Send $1 for catalog
 
Open Mon-Sat 12 to 6
 
(415) 550 7399
 
