Copyright © 1998,    Bebrack.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





Vice is Nice but...

by Bebrack


A raunchy little tale of incest.




	The raucous sing-song of  squeaking springs vaguely filtered into my 
sub-conscious as I slipped in and out of a light, restless sleep.  A slight breeze 
gently ruffled the curtain at my bedroom window as it tried to relieve the 
oppressive heat that had built up during the day.  I glanced at the clock beside 
my bed.  5:30.  Still a couple of hours before I had to get up.  I turned over, 
trying to get back to sleep but the bedsprings seemed to get louder, more 
insistent.  Soft, hushed sounds drifted from their bedroom.  I heard a sharp 
intake of breath, then a quiet but steady moaning mixed with the squeaking 
springs. Dad must be getting a morner, I thought as I covered my head with a 
pillow, trying to blank the sounds from my mind.  It didn’t work. 
	 In my minds eye I could see what was happening in the other room.  
Dad kneeling between Mom’s legs, his big hard cock sliding in and out of her 
hairy cunt, as her tits bounced with every thrust.  She’d have her legs wrapped 
around his back, urging him on, twisting and grinding to meet his cock as it 
invaded her inner-most depths.
	Suddenly I heard him gasp out, “I’m cumming, baby, ready or not.”
	“Not yet,” I heard Mom say, “I’m not ready.”
	“Sorry, hon, to late to stop,” I heard my dad answer, then a loud groan 
and silence.
	A short time later I heard him get up and go to the bathroom, then in a 
minute the shower started running.  I kind of dozed off but awakened as Dad 
left for work.  I heard the car start and the rumble of the muffler fading as he 
drove away.  I got up to go to the bathroom and after relieving my self, walked 
to the door of Mom and Dad’s room.  I’ll never forget the sight laying before 
my eyes.
	Mom had fallen asleep after Dad had finished and was laying on the 
bed, still on her back with her legs slightly spread.  The sheets were on the 
floor at he foot of the bed and her nightgown was up under her arms.  She was 
whimpering softly in her sleep, her hips making small involuntary jerks as she 
dreamed of something.   My cock started to swell, stirring in my shorts, 
longing to fulfil the desires of Mom’s dreams.  Her breasts were rising and 
falling rapidly with her quick, uneven breathing and her nipples were large 
and erect.   The lips of her pussy were red and swollen from the fucking she 
had received, and the dark, curly hair was still wet and matted from the cum 
that had been spurted onto it. 
	I slid my hand into my shorts and stroked my throbbing prick.  I 
wondered if my six and a half inches would satisfy a grown up woman.  I 
wondered what Mom would do if it slipped into bed beside her.  I wondered if 
she would yell at me and tell Dad what I’d done. I wondered but there was 
only one way to find out.
	I quietly and carefully crept into the bed beside my Mom.  She stirred 
restlessly in her sleep as I slipped my shorts off and lay next to her, slowly 
inching my way closer to her until finally I was pressing softly against her 
naked body.
	I raised up on one elbow and tenderly brushed one hand over her brow, 
whispering breathlessly, “Mom.....mom, are you okay.”
	She drowsily opened her eyes and answered, “Yeah, honey, I’m okay.  
Why?”
	“Well,” I started, “you were kinda moaning in your sleep and I was 
worried that you were sick or something.  It must have been a bad dream.”
	“No, hon, It wasn’t a bad dream.  In fact it was kind of a nice dream,” 
she said, smiling up at me and reaching to draw my head down to her chest, to 
comfort me.
	She gasped as my open lips pressed against her naked nipple.   She 
tried to set up and pull down her nightgown, realizing for the first time where 
her nightgown was,  but I was pressed against her chest so she couldn’t get up.  
My tongue flicked against her nipple and made circles on  her heaving breast 
as she struggled to rise.
	“Oh Billy, don’t,” she sighed, “we can’t do this.  It’s not nice.”
	“But Mom,” I replied, “didn’t you tell me sex was beautiful between 
two people that love each other?”
	“Well....yes,” she hesitated, “but....”
	“And don’t we love each other?,” I continued.
	“Well.....yes,” she said, relaxing a little as her hand started stroking my 
hair and pushing my head toward her breasts again.
	I gently grasp one breast in my free hand, rolling the nipple between 
thumb and forefinger.
	“Ohhhh....does baby need to feed?,” she whispered, pressing my mouth 
to her tits.
	“Yyaehhh,” I mumbled, my mouth full of succulent, erect nipple.  I 
rolled over her and felt her legs spread wide to accommodate me.  Her hot, 
wet pussy pressed tightly against my bare belly.
Her hips were pushing up against me in a soft but insistent rhythm as my 
tongue lashed first one nipple then the other.  Now that I was on top, both 
hands were kneading the fleshy softness of her tits as my tongue teased the 
upright nipples.
	“Oh baby,” she finally moaned, “Momma wants you inside her.  Could 
you do that?”
	“I guess, Mom,” I whispered, “but you’ll have to help me.  Tell me 
what to do.  I’ve never done this before.”
	“Okay, hon, slide up on me a little farther,” she said, helping me move 
into a better position.
	I felt her tits squash against my chest as I moved and the hot wetness 
of her pussy across my belly as I crawled higher on her.  Her legs came up to 
encircle my waist and I felt my prick rubbing on her slick hairy cunt.
	“Raise up a little so I can guide your cock into me,” Mom instructed, 
moving her hand between our bodies.  “Now push in, slow and easy.”
	I did as I was told and felt the warm, velvety smoothness of her pussy 
engulf my pulsating prick.  The pulpy flesh of her inner lips clasping my boy 
cock, milking it for her own satisfaction.   Her hips were thrusting upwards 
trying to relieve the itch that was again engulfing her.  I started a slow,  
rhythmical insertion-withdrawal movement and she was soon squirming and 
pitching her hips to meet every thrust. I felt my balls tighten and my cock 
started to quiver and jerk.
	“Oh mommy, I’m cumming,” I groaned, as my hot sperm shot into her 
already gooey cunt, “I’m sorry.  I wanted to make you cum first.”
	“That’s alright, hon, I’m used to it.”, she gently replied.
	We lay there for several minutes, wrapped in each others arms, my 
cock still buried deep within her.  I could still feel her pussy clasping and 
unclasping my still hard cock.  I started a slow thrusting motion and felt the 
hot juices from our bodies squishing between us.  Soon I was fully hard again 
and my hips were pistoning my cock into her gooey cunt.
	“Oohhh....ooohhhh,” she moaned in my ear, “I’m not used to this.  Oh, 
make me cum, baby, make your mommy cum with your hard cock.”
	I raised up slightly and she lifted her legs and rested them on my 
shoulders, opening up her pussy even more to my driving cock.  I could hear 
the slurp as I withdrew and a sticky wet slap as I entered her and our bellies 
came together.  The  sensual fragrance of her totally aroused sex wafted 
pungently  through the air around us.  I reached down between us and dipped 
my finger into the pool of juice surrounding my torrid prick.  Slowly I raised 
my finger to my face, smelling the musky fragrance then slowly licking the 
juices from my finger.  I repeated this several times, each time her eyes 
watched me gather the juice, lift it to my face, smell it and finally lick my 
finger clean.  Then I dipped my finger and offered it to her.  She looked at me 
oddly, then tentatively stuck her tongue out to sample the offering.  She 
reached out and took my hand, guiding my finger into her mouth, her eyes 
were fastened to mine as she slowly sucked my finger into her mouth, her lips 
pursed around it then began moving her head, letting the finger glide lightly in 
and out of her mouth.  I gasped at the visual sight of Mom sucking the juices 
off my finger while my cock was sliding in and out of her cunt.
  	Mom’s eyes closed suddenly and I felt her pussy contract tightly 
around my cock.  She threw her head back and let out a long. low moan from 
between clenched teeth.
	“Oooo....ooohhh.....aaahhhh, oh baby you made your mommy cum,” 
she groaned in my ear, “Ohhh, baby, it feels so good.  I love the way you fuck 
your mommy.”   She shuddered and convulsed against my body for a long 
minute, then slowly relaxed with a long sigh.
	I collapsed on top of her and for the second time that morning spurted 
my load of sperm deep  into her belly.  We lay there for a short time and then 
Mom said, “Com’on lazy bones, we got to get up and get dressed. Your sister 
is supposed to get home from college today.”  
	I groaned a bit because I didn’t want to leave the silky warmth of her 
slippery pussy, but I got up and staggered toward the shower.  I stood under a 
pelting cold shower for a few minutes and when I emerged, Mom was setting 
there on the toilet seat, wrapped in a robe, waiting to take her shower.  I stood 
there before her, dripping water, speechless.  I didn’t know what to say.  She 
brushed by the awkwardness by tossing me a towel and telling me to get my 
buns out of the road because she had to shower to.  I got dressed in a pair of 
cut-off   jeans and a tee-shirt and went down stairs.
	After a few minutes Mom came down stairs looking rejuvenated and 
perky.  Her face was scrubbed and shiny and a few damp curls still clung 
wetly to the nape of her neck.  She wore a simple summer dress, one of those 
that wrapped around and tied, and a pair of penny loafer.
	“How about breakfast?,” she asked.
	“Sure,” I responded, “seems I’ve worked up an appetite.”
	“Smart ass,” she retorted, “If I wasn’t afraid of your sister catching us 
I’d give you something to eat.”  
	 She grinned at me all the way to the kitchen.  I followed her into the 
kitchen and sat at the table, watching, while she fixed breakfast.    The way 
she moved, bent over and even stood seemed extra sexy to me.   As she came 
close to me I reached out and put a hand on her hip.  She stopped and smiled 
down at me.  I smiled back and let my other hand slide up the inside of her 
leg.  I stopped just above the knee.  She sucked in her breath and I looked up 
to see that she had her eyes closed.  I let my hand slide a little farther up her 
leg and began to knead the soft flesh of her inner thigh.  My cock was making 
a growing bulge in my jeans as I let my hand travel on to the juncture of her 
legs.  I glanced up again and saw that now she was biting at her lower lip and 
her breasts were rising and falling with her quickened breathing.   I let my 
hand slide on past her pussy to rest on the soft roundness of her stomach, 
letting my fingers trail softly through the dark curly hair surrounding her cunt,
	“Know why you didn’t wear any panties today?”, I asked.
	“Why?”, she answered, reaching out to steady herself.
	“Cause you want my hard cock to slip in this juicy hole,” I told her, 
letting a finger slip just inside the lips of her cunt.
	“Yeah,” she admitted, “but you know we can’t right now.  Remember 
your sisters coming home any time.”   I pushed my finger clear into her hot 
hole, she sucked in her breath again as my thumb found her clit and began to 
rub in small circles over it.  Finally I withdrew my hand from under her dress 
and lifted my finger to my nose.
	“Ahhh...nectar of the gods,” I exclaimed, reciting from some sex novel 
I’d read, “Only the finest comes from this vessel.”
	She stepped away and finished fixing breakfast.  We’d just finished 
and was clearing off the table when my sister arrived.  
	Lindsey was nineteen and had just finished her freshman year at a state 
college located several hours  away.  She was home for a short break and then 
was returning to take some summer classes.  We went out to greet her and I 
helped her carry her luggage to her room Lindsey was a pretty girl, even if she 
was my sister.  She was about five foot two, had blue eyes and short blonde 
hair.  Her hair was cut in a pixie style that framed her face and accentuated 
her large eyes and full lips.  She only weighed about a hundred and ten pounds 
but it was distributed in all the right places.  Her breasts were large for a girl 
her size, about 36C, and her waist flared into shapely hips and a nice firm ass.  
She was wearing cut-off jeans and a tee-shirt that had the bottom cut off so 
her mid-riff was bare.
	I was behind her admiring the way her ass swayed as she walked when 
we entered her room.  She bent over to put some of the luggage on the bed and 
the jeans pulled tight across her ass with the seam pulling deeply into the 
cheeks and I knew it must be putting pressure on her slit as well.   As she 
leaned over,  the tee-shirt hung open and I could plainly see her tits hanging 
down, jiggling softly as she moved.  She glanced back and caught me staring 
at her tits.
	“What you lookin’ at?,” she demanded.
	“Ah....ah, I was just noticing your tits,” I mumbled, “They look a lot 
bigger than when you left to go to school.”
	“Oh,” she said, looking down at her breasts, “do you really think so?”
	“Yeah, sure,” I assured her, “and look at he way your nips poke out 
through the tee-shirt!  They’ve gotten lots bigger.”
	“Are you sure?,” she asked uncertainly, reaching down and pulling up 
the tee-shirt to reveal her large firm globes, “I thought they were just 
hibernating or something.”
	“Nope,” I said positively, reaching out to cup a breast with one hand, 
“Just look at how much bigger your nipples are than they used to be.”  I gentle 
rolled her nipple between my thumb and forefinger.
	She drew her breathe in with a sharp gasp, and I looked up to see that 
she was biting down on her lower lip just as mom had done earlier.
	“What’s taking you kids so long,” mom inquired as she walked into 
the room, looking from my hand on sis’s tit, up to the expression on her face, 
and down to the growing bulge in my jeans.
	“Ah.....well,” Sis stuttered, “Ah, well.....”  She tried frantically to pull 
the tee-shirt down and step away from me but her legs were against the edge 
of the bed and she couldn’t move.
	“I just told Lindsey that her tits were getting bigger and she just 
wanted me to take a closer look,” I explained, keeping my hand on her breast 
and holding it up for mom’s inspection.
	“Hmmm....,” mom murmured, “I think they are getting bigger.  I think 
they’re as big as mine now.”
	“Let’s compare,” I said, reaching out and tugging at the tie holding 
mom’s dress together.  Lindsey was looking at me in disbelief, her eyes going 
back and forth between mom and me.  She was having a hard time grasping 
what was going on.  Mom’s dress fell open at the front, revealing her luscious 
breasts and the hairy patch between her legs..  Mom reached up, cupped one 
of her tits, held it out and said, “Well, which is the biggest?”
	“Pretty close to a draw I’d say,” I said.
	“But which tastes the best,” she teased.
	“I don’t know.  I haven’t tasted Sis’s,” I laughed.
	“Well what’s holding you back?”, mom said, grinning at me.  
	“Just waiting for sis to say it’s okay,” I answered, looking into her eyes 
as I said it.
	“I guess it’d be alright if mom says so,” Lindsey replied, “but what’s 
been going on around here?”
	“It’s a long story,” I said, smiling, “I heard Mom and Dad getting a 
little this morning, then after Dad left I went into their room and mom was 
asleep on the bed.  She hadn’t pulled her nightgown down and the sheets were 
off the foot of the bed so there she lay, naked.  I undressed and slipped in 
beside her she woke up and pulled me to her breast.  She didn’t realize her 
nightgown was pulled up under her arms until my lips touched her nipple. I 
held her down for a minute while I sucked and pretty quick I was between her 
legs fucking her pussy.  You can see she enjoyed every minute of it.”  I 
lowered my head to her tits.
	“Mmmmm....ooohHHH,” she gasped as my tongue flicked feverishly 
over her stiffened nipple while my free hand fondled her other tit.
	Mom dropped to her knees between us as I was sucking Lindsey’s tits 
and hastily began undoing my jeans.  When they were undone she quickly 
pulled my jeans and shorts down around my ankles.  My straining shaft was 
released from its confines and sprang to attention, waving and jerking just 
inches from mom’s soft warm mouth.  I bit down hard on Lindsey’s nipple as 
I felt Mom’s hot lips slip over the head of my prick.
	“Ahhh...don’t bite so hard Billy,” Sis insisted, “just suck them nice 
like mom’s doing to your cock.”  As mom’s mouth engulfed the length of my 
shaft, sis’s hands went to the buttons on her own jeans.  Fumbling at the 
buttons for a minute or two, she finally groaned in frustration, “Billy, help me 
get these damn jeans off, please!!”  I was more than willing to oblige.   I 
quickly unbuttoned the jeans and as she pushed them over her hips, I slid my 
hand inside her panties.  My fingers trailed slowly through the soft, curly hair 
covering the hot tight slit between her legs.  She moaned softly as I slipped 
one finger into her tight, wet cunt and then again as I pressed in two fingers.
	Mom pulled Lindsey’s panties down over her ass so she could watch 
what I was doing.  Lindsey pulled the tee-shirt over her head, then sank slowly 
back onto the bed.  I followed her down, never relinquishing my lip lock on 
her nipple, and stretched out along side her on the bed.
Her feet were drawn up underneath her with her knees spread wide, opening 
up her pussy to my exploring fingers.  She was moaning softly as my fingers 
stirred the juices deep within the folds of her slippery, hot cunt.
	“Oh god, mama, I want Billy to fuck me, Please!”, Lindsey moaned.
	“Help your sister out, Billy, fuck her with your nice hard cock,” Mama 
told me, as she slowly released my cock and got to her feet.
	I kneeled between Lindsey’s wide spread legs and rubbed my 
throbbing cock over her juicy, open cunt.  When the head of my prick was 
well lubricated with her juices, I slowly pushed about four inches of hard cock 
into her silky, smoothness, watching the expression on her face as I softly 
started pumping my ass, letting a little more enter her at each stroke.  Her legs 
encircled my waist as her ass picked up the rhythm set by my slowly pistoning 
member.   Her arms reached up to pull me tightly against her, squashing her 
tits into my chest and moaning softly in my ear.
	“Oh Billy, ooohhhh, oh it feels so good, do me faster baby, pump your 
nice hard cock deeper into my gooeshy pussy.   Spurt your cum into my hot 
cunt. Fuck me, fuck me ;,fuck,” she moaned, as I picked up the tempo.
	I could feel mom’s hands as she softly caressed my balls as I fucked 
Lindsey, slowly stroking the underside of my slippery shaft as it plunged into 
sis’s hot wet hole, then back up over my rapidly tightening nuts.  I could feel 
the tenseness of impending climax approaching swiftly as I grabbed hold of 
sis’s ass and shoved my meat in as deep as it would go.  I grunted as I shot 
spurt after spurt of hot creamy cum into her already sopping pussy.   As she 
felt my cock twitch and jerk as it dumped its load, the muscles of her vagina 
walls contracted spasmodically around my shaft and she climaxed with a 
whimpering groan.   We collapsed in a hot, sweaty heap in each others arms, 
catching our breaths in short jerky gasps.  After several minutes of just laying 
there, my cock soaking in juices of its own making, mixed with hers, of 
course, I rolled of sis and sat on the edge of the bed.   I sat there for several 
minutes, looking at the red, swollen pussy lips, and the gooey mess we’d made 
in the soft curly hair of her cunt. 
	 Then I looked at mom, who was cradling Lindsey’s head, quietly 
stroking her hair.   She was laying back on the bed, one knee up, exposing the 
soft, pink, inner flesh of her pussy.  I glanced down at my semi-hard, juice 
covered cock and wondered if it could get up again.  Mom squelched that 
notion by setting up, looking from one of us to the other, and smiling.
	“Better get cleaned up and dressed,” she said, “the carpet cleaning guy 
is supposed to be her around noon.”
	Lindsey got up and went into the shower.  I looked down at the mess 
between my legs and decided I needed a shower to.  I went into the shower 
with Lindsey.
	But that’s another story.
	
 















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
	
