                       Victoria's Secrets½
                             Part IV
                       by "Sparkle Plenty"


     "Vicky, I'm assigning you a task today."
     Victoria looked up from nuzzling Matt's shoulder, but he was 
intent on his shaving and didn't even glance at her.
     "I want you to go and buy five silk scarves."
     His tone and manner indicated that there was not to be any 
questioning of this "task", she was just supposed to do it.
     She left the bathroom, wondering what this was all about.  
She busied herself with making them breakfast and while they ate, 
they discussed various things, but he never mentioned the scarves 
again.
     After he left for work, she changed into a silk blouse and 
linen skirt and decided that she would go to the Mall for the 
scarves.
     She had difficulty finding a store with a good selection of 
scarves.  When she finally found some, she began deciding on 
colors and sizes.  She didn't know why, but she knew that each 
would probably have to be a good length, and began selecting only 
those that were over three feet long.
     By the time she'd picked the third scarf, she realized that 
her box was very moist.  The feel of the silk and chiffon on her 
hands had suddenly become very sensual.  She started reevaluating 
each of the scarves, letting the material slowly slip through her 
fingers, enjoying the reaction of her body to this new pleasure.
     By the time she had finished making her selections, her knees 
were weak with the desire she felt in her body.  She realized that 
this was probably the most pleasurable thing she'd ever done with 
her clothes on!!
     Confused by her reaction to such a simple assignment, she 
became even more confused when the cashier, upon seeing the five 
scarves, gave her a knowing look.  
     Embarrassed for some reason, Victoria was glad to leave the 
store after the transaction was complete.     
     Getting in to her car for the drive home, she realized that 
her hands were shaking, and that her legs were still weak.
     At home, she had difficulty removing the price tags because 
of her shaking hands.
     Matt returned home around 5:30 PM, carrying a small gift-
wrapped box.  After dinner, he kissed her and gave her the 
present.  Inside, she found a peach colored lace garter belt and a 
pair of peach colored stockings.
     She kissed him and thanked him for the presents.  Then he 
asked, "Would you put those on under your new silk skirt and top?"
     When she returned to the living room, dressed in her new 
clothes, he indicated that she should sit in the love seat.  He 
barely glanced at her since he was busy watching the TV.
     Somewhat mystified at his inattention, and very confused at 
this role she was apparently playing, Vicky still found her box 
very moist with anticipation.  For what, she didn't know.  But she 
did know that she was afraid that her juices were going to ruin 
her new skirt, so she ended up sitting on one side of her hips, 
drawing her feet up under her.
     Apparently bored with the TV, Matt left the living room and 
went into the bathroom.  Victoria could hear the tub running.  
When he returned, he was carrying one of the new scarves.
     "Would you let me blindfold you with this?" he asked.
     Now her trembling body reacted with fear.  But she trusted 
Matt, she knew that he wouldn't hurt her.  But blindfolded!?  
Whatever for??  She nodded her assent, and she found herself being 
blindfolded.
     He took her hand and led her into the bathroom.  There, he 
kissed her, placing his tongue deep within her mouth.  Slowly, 
while both of them enjoyed the touch of the silk outfit on her 
skin, he began undressing her.  When he had removed her outer 
clothes, he began caressing her breasts, making her nipples erect 
by gently touching them with his fingertips.  While he unhooked 
the stockings from the garter belt, his mouth found her nipples 
and he began sucking them, making her box respond even more 
powerfully.
     Soon she found herself standing naked in front of him, unable 
to see, but the touch of him, the slight smell of both of them, 
the sweet murmurings in her ear, the taste of his skin, made her 
realize that those senses were dramatically heightened.
     He helped her into the tub, and she felt the warmth and smell 
of a bubble bath enveloping her body.  He began washing her, using 
the cloth to stimulate her nipples and clit.  She relaxed 
slightly, enjoying the feel of the rough washcloth and his 
pampering of her.  
     She reached over to him and began caressing him in return.  
Her hand strayed to his cock, but he brushed her hand away.  
"You're being disobedient, Vicky.  You may not touch me until I 
tell you.  I will allow this mistake to pass, but further errors 
and I will have to discipline you!"
     Although visibly shaking, she secretly smiled at his demand 
and put her hands at her sides, allowing him free rein of her body 
as he continued her bath.
     He then helped her out of the tub and told her to put on the 
stockings and garter belt, and steadied her while she did that.  
He then led her into the bedroom and positioned her at the end of 
what seemed to be a table.
     She was confused - there hadn't been a table there before.  
He ordered her to bend down over the table.
     As she was getting comfortable, she could feel him tying one 
of her ankles to the table leg with a scarf.
     Instantly, her body reacted - her ultimate fantasy.  She was 
being restrained!
     As he busied himself with securing her ankles and wrists to 
the table, she wondered what was in store for her.
     The reality of actually being unable to move and protect 
herself screamed through her awareness.  And odd mixture of fear 
and desire raged through her, causing her body to tremble but her 
box to throb with anticipated pleasure.
     She tried to move against her restraints, testing their knots 
and found, indeed, that she was at his mercy.  "My God", she 
thought, "here I am, bare-assed and vulnerable, unable to do 
anything to protect myself!"  That realization caused her to moan, 
and Matt commanded her to be quiet.
     Her box suddenly felt a warm, moist object and her ears 
responded to the whirr of a vibrator.  Matt moved the vibrator 
over and in her box, but withdrew it before she came.  He spread 
her ass wide with his hands, and she felt his hot tongue flitting 
in and out of her.
     Within seconds, she began coming.  His tongue stayed with her 
until her fourth orgasm, and at its peak, he entered her with his 
cock.
     He rode her, pumping his fluids into her as she continued 
coming.
     When he had finished, she again felt his tongue exploring her 
as their juices ran down her legs.  She lost count of her orgasms 
- one seemed to be more pleasurable than the last, and there was 
hardly any discernible time between each of them.
     He again mounted her and quickly brought them both to 
fulfilment.
     Exhausted, he leaned over her and began undoing her wrists 
from their scarves.
     He kissed her tenderly all over her body as he finished 
releasing the ankle scarves, then led her into the bed and gently 
removed the blindfold.  Holding her and caressing her, telling her 
how much he loved her, thanking her for trusting him in his 
fantasy of domination, they finally collapsed in sleep, gently 
cradling each other during the night.


     
                


     

