   Continued from part 2.....

 Within a little while she was happy again, and we got
through lunch without too much trouble.  We then drove
around some more until time to check in at the airport.  We
talked about everything, except our night together.  We even
bought her a new breast pump, which she ended up using
around 5:30 than evening at the airport.
 "I could do that you know," I offered.
 "I know."  She actually smiled.  "But I think I'll use
the bathroom, and you're not allowed in there."
 "Okay, fine."
 The flight back was uneventful and we returned to work
the next day.  She explained that the night had gone really
well.  The only thing that she felt guilty about was not
feeling guilty.  Over a private lunch at a Wendy's we talked
about it.
 "I had no problem."  She told me.  "I guess your
private universe speech made some kind of sense."
 "Good, I didn't want you spilling your guts and having
Rick tear me apart," which was definitely within his
capabilities.
 "Well, if you remember," her voice was a whisper, "I'm
the one who made all of the advances."  She blushed
furiously.
 "Yes.  I remember.  But I did come up with the
suggestion of substituting for your pump."
 In a Spock-like look she replied:  "The only logical
solution."  She turned her head slightly and raised an
eyebrow.  Leaning forward, she whispered again:  "Besides,
when you suggested it, I was so turned on I could hardly
think straight.  I don't know why, but something snapped
inside of me at that moment."
 "Yes, and I snapped inside of you later."
 She blushed again.
 When we got to the car, on impulse I pulled her to me
and kissed her hard.  In seconds we were all over each other.  I
began to massage her breasts, and shortly her blouse had
rings of milk forming on them
 "I've soaked through the pads," she said.  "You'll have
to drop by my house so I can change."
 "No problem."  I smiled to myself.
 She noticed the smile and replied:  "And nothing is
going to happen.  We have to get back to work."
 "No problem," I repeated.
 After we reached her house and stepped inside, I turned
her to me and kissed her again.  She didn't even pretend to
resist.  As I frenched her, I slowly undid the buttons on
her blouse and was soon removing her bra.  I then placed my
hand in the center of her back and forced her backwards,
arching her back.  This thrust her tits upward, and I
quickly sucked the right one into my mouth.  I began to
drink her milk once again.
 Soon we moved to the couch and I continued to drain her
breast while kneeling before her as she sat on the edge of
the cushion.  Meanwhile, my fingers rubbed the crotch of her
slacks as she moved against my hand.  When the breast was
empty, I unbuttoned her slacks and pulled them off of her,
taking her panties, shoes and socks with them.  I spread her
legs wide, and for the first time looked at her gaping cunt
in daylight.  The lips were still closed, but the juice
running from them was evident.  As I attacked the other
breast, my fingers went to work, starting from her ankles
and moving up her legs.
 As I reached her crotch, Vicki began to moan again.  I
slowly opened her lips and inserted two fingers into her
cunt.  I continued to work them in and out for the ten
minutes it took me to drain her breast.  By this time she
was nearing an orgasm.
 Kissing down her stomach, I moved my lips to her clit.
You would have thought that I shot her the way she jumped.
Within seconds her fingers were in my hair, and she pressed
my mouth hard against her cunt.  I removed my fingers and
replaced them with my tongue, sliding it as far up her juicy
pussy as I could.  I sucked her clit, licked her cunt, and
moved down to tongue her ass.  All of these actions had her
bouncing up and down on the couch cushion.
 My fingers were completely soaked, and they had nothing
better to do, so I inserted my index finger into her
asshole.  This really got her bucking, so I invaded her with
both fingers.   She forced herself up and down, fucking her
ass with my fingers.  This kept my tongue moving from cunt-
lips to clit.  In only a matter of seconds she came again.
 I was so incredibly turned on by this point that I
practically ripped my clothes off.  Lying before me was an
incredible blond still grinding her hips in post-orgasm.
Her hair was tossed wildly on the back of the couch, and those
giant tits swayed erotically from her movement.  Her legs
were spread wide apart, and her cunt was gaping open.  Juices
and saliva ran down to the crack of her ass.  My
cock was rock hard and she spread her legs wider when she
saw it.  I have never seen such a look of hunger on
someone's face.  I'm sure that mine mirrored hers.
 I again knelt before her and slid my cock deep into her
cunt.  I could clearly see her lips spread to take my shaft,
and I felt the tightness of her hole.  As I withdrew my
length, I could see her pussy lips cling to my juice-covered
cock.
 "Look Vicki, look and see me fucking you."
 Her eyes came open and she looked down to where we were
connected.  "Look at my cock fucking your cunt."
 She began to moan with each thrust, but her eyes
remained riveted to my shaft.  Realizing that her vantage
point did not actually let her see the penetration, I
slipped my hands under her knees and lifted her legs,
forcing her cunt higher, and causing her breasts to roll up
and down with each thrust.  She now had a pretty good view
of my cock pistoning in and out.  "Touch my cock Vicki.
Feel how much juice is on it."
 Vicki lowered her hand to my cock and used her fingers
to trace from my pubic hair, down my wet cock, and to her
clit.  Without any coaxing, she began to furiously
masturbate, rubbing her clit wildly.
 "That's it, play with your cunt."  I was sweating
bullets by now.  My cock was incredibly hard, but I had come
so much in the last two days that I knew I could hold out
for a while.  "Come on, finger your cunt."
 Vicki's only reply was with moans.  I pushed her knees
back towards her shoulders even further, allowing even
deeper penetration.  At the same time, her ass was brought
higher in the air, and I again inserted my fingers into her
backdoor.  As I fucked her pussy, I wiggled my fingers
 Just as she was about ready to come her chest began to
flush.  Recognizing this sign, I pulled out of her, fingers
and cock.  Her eyes went wide in panic, and her fingers
stopped moving on her clit.  However, before she could form
a question, I slid the entire length of my cock up her cunt-
juice lubricated ass.  The tightness was incredible, but
there was so much come on my cock that I went in to the
hilt.
 For a second I thought that she was going to get mad,
but as I began to pump in her asshole, she started to move
her fingers once again.  "What are you doing?" she asked
innocently.
 "I'm fucking you in the ass Vicki.  Use your other hand
to play with your cunt too."
 Her right hand worked over her clit, while her left
moved down to her gaping pussy.  Soon she had two fingers
plunging deep inside.  This action brought her arms against
her body, forcing her tits together, making them appear
larger than ever before.  If this were not enough, she now
arched her spine, head back and eyes closed.
 "Oh God," she moaned.  "Please fuck my ass."
 Finally she had said something really crude; words which
I never thought to hear from Vicki.  But then I never expected to
see this lust on her face, those huge tits swaying wildly
with my thrusts, her fingers all over her cunt, or my cock
thrusting in and out of her anus.
 "Do you like my cock in your ass?"
 "Yes, please fuck me."
 "Fuck you in the ass?"
 "Yes, fuck my ass."
 "Have you been fucked in your ass before?"
 "No...fuck...ass."  She started to breath really heavy.
The thought of what she was doing was driving her nuts.
 "Then I'm the first man to fuck your asshole?"  She
nodded, eyes still closed.  "And you like playing with
yourself, showing me how naughty you are.  Fingers deep in
your cunt."
 "Yes,"  She pulled her left fingers from her cunt, and
spread the lips open.  "Look at my cunt," she ordered, and
then slowly slid the fingers from her right hand into the
gaping hole.  "Look at me finger myself."  And with that she
came.
 Her orgasm built slowly.  Muscles started to twitch in
her thighs, and her back arched even further to where her
entire weight was supported by my hands on her legs, and the
top of her head against the couch.  This drove my cock into
her ass to the hilt, and it was only seconds before I would
come too.
 "My cock is going to come inside your ass Vicki."  As I
said this, her orgasm reached full force.  My come erupted
into her rectum and her whole body shook as though in
seizure.
 "I'm coming in your asshole," I moaned.
 She screamed.
 I fell back onto the floor on my butt, panting
frantically, dropping Vicki onto the couch.
 Several minutes later we came down from the feeling
enough to speak.  "Why is it so good?"  she asked between
breaths.
 "Because we're not suppose to be doing it," I replied.
"It's illicit and you love it."
 "And I love you.  I can't believe I let you do that,"
she said referring to her introduction to ass fucking.
 "If it upset you I won't do it again."  I smiled.
 "We'll see."
 And so we have.  Vicki and I have continued our
"nooners" every Tuesday and Thursday since the trip.  I
don't know where this will lead, but for now our
relationship has only gotten stronger.  Neither of us has a
desire to leave our spouses.   One of our remaining
goals is to fuck at work, which would be very difficult to
arrange, and could definitely land us in the unemployment
line.  But we're thinking up schemes.  I'll let you know.
