It started out to be a normal day. I was fifteen, it was
summertime, I had gone over to my girlfriend Vickie's house for
a swim. She was leaving as I pulled up.
	She had to go across town for the afternoon for an
advanced placement chemistry class at the junior college. I knew
it would be OK to use the pool while she was gone.
	Vickie and I were more friends than lovers. The two
brightest kids in our high school, we "found" each other, and
decided to date. We made out a lot, but the one time I pushed
her to have real sex, she trembled and said she wasn't ready for
that yet. She was genuinely upset, and I liked her too much to
press her about it. Anyway I had a string of dumb little bimbettes
I could call for a quick jerk-off in the park, or sometimes a fast
screw when their parents were out for the night. I could afford
to be generous with Vickie.
	I entered the front door to Vickie's house and called out
hello. Nobody answered. Vickie's mom was the reason I felt so
welcome at their house. Nearly every other mom I knew hated
my guts because they knew I just wanted to smoke reefer and
fuck their daughters. They were right.
	But I was truly grateful to Joanie, Vickie's Mom. She set
a place for me at the table whenever I stopped by after school,
assuming I would join them for dinner. She conversed with me in
a way that I could tell meant she didn't think of me as just some
dumb teenage gland with legs.
	Little did she know. Joanie was a little shorter than her
daughter, about five-six. She had short black hair in a pixie cut,
long slanted brown eyes above sculpted cheek bones.
	She was in her early forties, had born four kids, but
maintained the body of a twentyfive year old. Once when Vicky
and I lay snbathing my the pool, she had come out and joined us.
I hid behind sunglasses, but couldn't keep my eyes off her
enormous tits, bouncing beneath her bikini top as she walked
around the edge of the pool. Every part of her made me salivate.
She sat in a lounge chair next to me, with her feet to my head,
and began leafing through a copy of MS. magazine. I ogled her
body when I felt she couldn't see. Wide shoulders, delicate collar
bones, breasts cupped by the swim suit, creating a deep valley
where they met. Narrow waist flaring out to a wide womanly
waist, a trace of belly, but flat from back to front at the hips.
Perfectly proportioned legs running down to delicat ankles. And
then her feet. I don't know hwatis was about her feet. I was a
dumb teen, had no concept of erotic notions beyond the quick
feel of a boob or my prick spasming on the sly.
	I sat by the pool that day, staring at her finely formed
feet, tanned and narrow, widening slightly to her long toes. For
some reason her toes, their nails painted deep scarlet, gave me a
rumbling feeling in the pit of my stomach. As I stared, Joanie
splayed her toes, then idly brought one foot to the others ankle
and scratched an itch. My dick was rock hard in my baggy
shorts. I jacked off later that night, and several times again,
fantasizing about her feet. I didn't want to think about it too
hard, I just knew that joanie was working her way into my mind
and cock.
	I thought I was alone in the house that day, and went
upstairs to shower before I hit the pool. The master bedroom
had the best shower, so I strode upstairs to Joanie's bedroom. I
showered leisurely, grabbed one of Joanie's thick towels and
padded into the bedroom. Something on top of the burea  caught
my eye.
	It was a photograph of Joanie, naked, in the shower stall
I had just vacated. I was thunderstruck. Her body was white
where the bikini tan lines were, and the whiteness of these
forbidden parts, her tits and loins, blazed obscenenly out of the
picture. My dick pulsed and grew. I guessed that Joanie's
husband, Jim, had taken the shock. Joanie expression in the
photo was surprise, but not shock. Just mildly surprised. She
was frozen in the act of washing her hair, arms raised, hands
massaging her scalp. Her big breasts, nipples erect and huge to
me, who'd never seen a true woman nude before, were lifted by
the attitude of her arms. Her pubic hair, a thick thatch of black
hair, stood out in sharp relief against the whitenes of her skin.
	I sat down on her bed and rubbed my dick through the
towell, staring at the picture. I opened the wrap, and spit in my
hand. I grabbed my dick and massaged the spit on the head,
staring bugeyed at the photo of my girlfriend's mom.
My dick felt huge to me, bigger and harder than it had ever felt. I
began to increase pressure on it, whacking myself into a frenzy.
	"What the hell is going on here!"
	I looked up from the picture to see Joanie standing in the
doorway, hands on the doorjamb, watching me with a slack jaw.
she looked far more surprised in real life than she had in the
snapshot. She had been down at the pool! She was wearing her
bikini, and I saw a flush rise from her chest and blush her fine
facial features.

	There I sat, stupidly clutching my erect dick in one hand,
the picture of Joanie in the shower in my other. Joanie moved
from the doorway to the bed and stood in front of me.
	"Well, I'm not going to ask you if you like that picture or
not, because its plain to see you appreciate it."
	I tried to stammer an answer and wrap the towel around
my hardness at the same time. Joanie moved closer to me and
stepped on the end of the towel, trapping it. I couldn't pull
enough to cover my erection and all I could do was look up at
her. I offered her the picture, and she grabbed it from me and
tossed it over her shoulder.
	"You've gotten a good look at me, now its my turn. Put
you arms back and lean on them." She spoke evenly but
forcefully. I was overcome with shame, at being caught in her
bedroom with a picture of her I had found by searching through
her things, and then the worst, masterbating to it on her own
bed. I did what I was told. My head was spinning as she looked
at my dick throbbing. She stood in her bikini, her naked thighs
rubbing silkily against the inside of my knees, spreading my legs,
with her hands on her hips.
	"You like playing with that while looking at my picture?"
She pointed a scarlet nailed finger at my twitching pecker.
	I could only mumble and nod my head up and down. She
reached down a hand and dragged a fingernail lightly and slowly
up my dick. When she reached the head she stopped, and
wrapped her fingers around it. I was numb with fear and desire.
	"I think you should be punished for snooping around in
my private things, don't you.?" I nodded yes as she gripped my
cock. She held it without moving, then took a finger tip and
rubbed lightly on the ridge under the head. I leaned back
involutarily and groaned.
	" I also think you should be punished for the gall of
sitting on my very own bed and playing with this", she gave my
cock a sharp jerk, "and taking liberties of all sorts, don't you
think so?" I would have confessed to anything to keep her from
stopping the maddening sensation of her hand wrapped around
my cock, just below the head, and her finger waggling over the
most sensitive part.
	"Stand up", she ordered, releasing me and standing away
from the bed. I stood, my head down, my arms at my side,
abject, but my dick was standing proud and straight from my
stomach. She waled over to the chest of drawers and pulled out
... a pair of handcuffs.
	"Turn around and put your arms up there", she pointed
to the top of the posts of the four post bed. When I complied she
came up behind me and slipped the pair of handcuffs around my
wrists and to the posts, leaving me spread from the waist up.
I heard her open a drawer, and shuffle its contents. Then I heard
her approach me.
	"I think I can teach you some very valuable lessons
today, about respecting people's property, and about giving
women pleasure." On the last word I felt a sharp slap on my ass.
This was followed by ten more even strokes. I pulled away from
them, but could not escape. Then I felt Joanie's palm as she
rubbed the areas of my buttocks that she had just tormented. My
skin turned hot and responded to her touch like a dog responds
to the touch of its owner. She moved to my side and I saw she
had taken her bikini top off. Her breasts stood cantilevered from
her body, crowned with huge nipples, their aurioles the size of
silver dollars, the nipples corrugated with bumps, nipples
standing erect and full. They had little holes at the tip, like little
dicks.
	She stood beside me and looked up in my eyes. She held
up her right hand and I saw she held a riding crop for my
inspection. She raised her hand and drew the riding crop under
my chin. Her left hand rubbed over her tits, grazing the nipples
with the tips of her fingers.
	"You're just a little pervert, did you know that?"
	I didn't answer. She lowered the crop to my chest.
	She said, "You'd better answer me." She flicked the
riding crop against my right nipple. She flicked it again, and
again. Tears came to my eyes.
	"Come on", flick, "talk to Mommy."Flick.
	When she said the word "mommy" I groaned. My cock
jumped towards my stomach. Joanie didn't miss this little
exercise. She knelt on the bed, and walked on her knees until she
was right in front of me. Sitting on her knees she was at eye level
with me. She looked into my eyes and asked again, "You're just
a little pervert, aren't you." She began to use the riding crop to
bat my dick back and forth slowly. She tugged at her own nipple
with the scarlet nails of her left hand.        I had to answer, "Yes."
	Joanie took my cock in the palm of her left hand. She
gave my nuts a flick of the riding crop in her right hand. I
jumped. She said,
	"You're a little pervert who likes to jack off to pictures of
Mommy. Isn't that right." She rubbed my balls with the end of
the crop. When I didn't answer straight away she snapped the
crop against my balls once more.
	"Yes, ohh yes, I'm a pervert."
	Joanie moved her left hand up and down my cock,
touching me so lightly I strained to push against her. She
whispered,
	"Yes, little pervert, and what did Mommy catch you
doing?"
	"You caught me masterbating."
	She moved closer to me and began rubbing her huge
erect nipples against my chest. She said,
	"Tell me again and call me Mommy."
	She let the riding crop drop to the bed, unwrapped her
fingers from my cock and held my head in her hands. She looked
me straight in the eye and said in a steady tone,
	"Come on, pervert, tell me what I caught you doing."
	I paused, then said,
	"You caught me jacking off to your picture, Mommy."
	She closed her eyes and shuddered.
	 She leaned way from me, pinching and twisting the nut
brown nipples of her pendulous breasts. She reopened her eyes
and said,
	"You won't tell anyone about us, will you, little pervert?"
	"No, maam."
	"No, what?"
	She was stroking me again, hunched over, looking at my
bulging cock. In my short life I had never been so full and hard. I
felt like my whole body had a hard-on. 
	I said it,
	"Never, Mommy, I won't tell anybody."
	"Good", she said and dropped my meat like a hot potato.
She took a couple of steps back from me on her knees. She
stood up on the bed, put her hands on her hips and looked down
at me.
	"Now for your lesson", she said, and bringing her hands
flat down her sides to her hips she shucked the bikini bottom off.
She lifted one foot, then the other, stepping out of them, and in
the proces, stepping back to me, cuffed to the bedposts, until my
face was buried in her tan brown belly. I smelled her, still warm
from the sun, and felt like I'd drunk a six pack of Old English.
She turned around, and now my nose was level with the top of
her butt crack. She said,
	"Have you ever eaten a girl out, little pervert? Well,
you're going to eat me out now, starting with my ass. Think
you'll like that?'
	"Yes Mommy, I love to eat girls out. Please let me eat
you."
	"I think I will."
	She bent at the waist, her large ass suddenly pushing
against my face. She grabbed her cheeks with her hand and
spread them. I stared at her obscene asshole, which she pulsed,
popping it out at me like a sea anenome.
	"Stick out your tongue, come on, lick Mommy, she really
needs it, come on little pervert, lick your Mommy."
	I did as I was told. She doubled over, on all fours, and
her ass and pussy were finally at the same level as my mouth. I
opened my mouth and began to lick her thighs, the creases
where her legs met her hip, and finally her ass crack, netted with
thick black hairs. I ran my tongue up and down her crack, and
she rocked back and forth, placing different parts of her behind
over my lapping tongue. Joanie lifted a bit and I moved my
tongue over her asshole, circilng it in broad swipes.
	"Mmm, that's it, lick my asshole. I want you to stick your
pervert tongue up my ass."
	I would have walked down Main Street as naked as a
jaybird if she had told me. I was insane with lust. I pointed my
tongue and jabbed it at her puckered anus. She pushed against
me, and as my saliva lubricated her hole, I felt my tongue enter
her, a quarter of an inch at a thrust. Joanie relaxed her asshole
and I felt the tunnel of her anus sliding and engulfing my tongue.
She was fucking my face now, pulling away and bashing back in,
and my tongue slid all the way in her ass each time she pushed
back.
	"Oh yeah, fuck my ass, boy, fuck me good with your
pointy little, tongue, you pervert. Make Mommy come all over
your face. Oh oh".
	I guess she came again. She pushed one last time against
my tongue and stopped, leaving my tongue up her. Her ass
spasmed around my tongue. I could barely breath and I felt my
eyes roll up into my head. I had known grownups did nasty
things, but I had no idea why until then. I was having a brain
rush orgasm as Joanie twitched her ass muscles around my
tongue. She finally fell on the bed, twisting over so she lay on
her back.
	"Good little pervert, you did that pretty well, considering
what a bad angle you had to work from. Maybe next time I'll sit
on your face. That would be nice, wouldn't it little pervert?"
	"Yes, Mommy". I was a fast learner.
	She scooted a little closer to me on the bed.
	"Poor little pervert, I've cum twice and you just hangin'
around, waiting for Mommy to take care of you. Do you want
Mommy to make you cum?  
	Did I ever.
	"Yes Mommy, please let me cum."
	Joanie wiggled around on the bed like she was scratching
an itch she couldn't reach. She was unbelievably sexy to my
fifteen year old over heated brain. She sat up a little, leaning on
her elbows. She brought her left foot dragging up my right leg,
describing circles to my thigh, then insinuated her toes along the
inside of my upper thigh. She ran the top of her high arch under
my balls, applying a light easy pressure.
	"Poor little pervert nutsack. Look at how your little
pecker jumps when Mommy puts her foot on it."
	Joanie pulled her foot back and then ran the white sole
flat up the length of my cock. I was shivering. This felt so nasty.
No back seat jack off with some dumb freshman girl even came
close. My girlfriend's unbelievable dirty mom was running her
narrow, perfectly proportioned foot up and down my bouncing
tumid dick. She spread her toes, white in between where the sun
never reached, and pressed under the head of my cock, and
caught me between her big toe and the middle one. She
masterbated me with one foot and brought her other foot up
under my balls. She used the big toe of that foot to probe my ass
and rub the sensitive space between my balls and asshole.
	"Come on, little pervy, shoot for Mommy, shoot your
cum all over Mommy's toes. You're such a dirty little boy,
Mommy wants to see you come on me."
	It was irresistable, finallly. It felt so good I wished it
would never end. But when she sandwiched my cock between
the soles of her feet and massaged me using an increasingly rapid
rhythm, I could hold back no longer. I arched my back and let
fly. My cock shot three globs of spunk in a high arch, landing on
Joanies shelf-like breasts. Using some of my cum as a lubricant,
Joanie rubbed her feet all over my dick and nuts, coaxing four
more spurts in decreasing strength and amount of jism. I had
never cum like that before, didn't even know it was possible.
Before I had merely ejaculated, but this time had been the
combination of shame, shame at being caught, shame at being so
aroused before my girlfriend's mother, the shame of my
helplessness, and shame at my enthusiastic response to her
debaucherie brought me to my first orgasm. I slumped, hanging
by the handcuffs, limp.
	Joanie got back up on her knees. She took hold of my
head lifted it and guided it to her tits, where the bulk of my thick
cum sat in puddles. One string hung off her nipple. She said,
	"Clean Mommy's tits, be a good boy now, lick your cum
off Mommy's tits."
	I had been dying to kiss Joanie's breasts since I'd first
seen her. They had given me a boner the first time I'd seen her in
her lounging around by the pool in her bikini. Now she was
inviting me to kiss them all over, but with a catch. I'd been
through a lot, grown a lot that afternoon, but this was counter to
all I'd ever understood about sex and manhood. She brought my
head firmly towards her breasts and I opened my mouth. 
	I fought the strong reaction to gag as my mouth
surrounded her nipple, covered with my slime. It tasted a little
like the ammonia that my mom used to clean the bathroom, a
little like the chlorine in Joanie's swimming pool. As I washed
Joanie's nipple clean of my cum, I realized that this wasn't so bad
after all. None of it was. I was Joanie's little pervert slutboy, and
I was lucky she'd let me tongue-fuck her asshole earlier and
doubly lucky now as I formed my tongue into a tube and began
to suck on her tit like I'd seen Linda Lovelace do to a dick in that
eight millimeter porno movie Richie Murphy stole from his dad.
	"MMM, nice. But your missing some over here, cum-
licker."
	I wanted her to call me every filthy name in the book. I
wanted her to tell me to do nasty things some more. I left her
nipple and washed the rest of her chest clean of spunk  I was
fifteen, young and eager, with my girlfriend's forty year old
mothers perfect silky titflesh splashed with my spume under my
tongue. I was getting hard again. Joanie felt my dick poking her
in the belly, and ran her finger tips over it. She took a finger and
rubbed the peehole on the head of my cock. I was still slimey
down there, and her hands drove me wild.
	"I think I'm clean enough for now. You didn't take long
to get nasty again, did you, little pervert. Did it excite your little
dicky to clean your cum off  Mommy's tits?"
	"Yes, Mommy."
	"Yes what?"
	"Yes mommy, my dick is really hard. Its hard for you,
Mommy. Its always hard for you."
	"You know, you're going to be a good little boy for
Mommy. I think I can let you down for a while."
	She jumped off the bed and went behind me to the
bureau. She came up behind me, reached up, and unlocked the
hand cuffs. I rubbed my wrists. 
	Joanie hugged me from behind, pressing her tits against
my back, reaching around me and handling my dick with both
hands. I felt proud of my dick, tall and hard, and proud that a
mature beautiful woman like Joanie would stoop to teach a slug
teenage boy like me.
	Joanie pushed me onto the bed and said, 
	"Roll over, my little slutboy."
	I did. She straddled me, and waddled up my body on her
knees. She leaned her tits in my face, and jiggled them back and
forth. She sat on my cock and ground her cunt against it. She
stuck her butt out so she could rub the underside of my prick
against her clit.
	Her breathing was strong, puffing out of her nostril like a
dragon's steam
	"Oh yeah, uh, know what I like, huh, I like using your
cock to get me off, huh huh huh. I like rubbing my old hairy
pussy on your slimey hard dick, huh, your teenage stiffy, huh."
	She did like it. She was dragging her hairy cunt in long
strokes over my boner. She pushed down, and I could feel her
cuntlips spreading. he was soaking my dick in her juices. She sat
straight up on me, and used her fingers to spread her cuntlips as
wide as they would go. I looked down and saw my cock head
pressed flat against my stomach, disappearing and reappearing in
Joanie's bush as she rubbed back and forth.
	"Tell me, pervert, did you, huh, ever fuck Vicky, huh, did
you ever put this thing in my daughter?"
	"No, Mommy, she wouldn't let me." I was panting now,
too. 
	"I didn't think so. Well, today's your lucky day, slutboy,
cuz Mommy's gonna pop your cherry."
	I didn't care whether I'd screwed some little bitches in
the back seat of some one else's car, Joanie was right, I was a
virgin, compared to her. She could take me to sexual heights I
hadn't found in the panties of immature little girls or in the pages
of my girlie magazines. She said,
	"I'm gonna fuck you like a cowgirl, and your never gonna
forget it."
	She twirled around, facing my feet, and grabbed my dick.
She pointed it at herself, raised up and impaled herself on me in
one stroke. My dick felt like it was engulfed by an oven. Joanie's
vagina was super hot, and super slick, as I found out when she
started bouncing up and down an me. My cock slipped in and
out her pussy making obscene slurps with every stroke. She was
incredibly tight for a mother of four kids. On the outstrokes she
clenched her cunt muscles tightly around me. I felt I was being
milked. Every muscle in my body was tensing in anticipation of
my cum. My thighs were like bars of iron as she bounced on me
so fast it was driving my teenaged brain to the brink of insanity.
I was getting close, almost there, I was groaning and panting.
Joanie, the sexual expert, intuited when I was right on the brink
and jumped off me. She kneeled next to my hips, grabbed my
aching dick and started jacking me off in deft quick movements.
	"Cum for Mommy again, show Mommy how you like to
fuck and suck, you dirty filthy little boy."
	I didn't need the encouragement, I bucked my hips off the
bed in time to her fist flying on my cock. She placed her face
over the head of my cock, opened her mouth and ran her tongue
around and around the head of it. I started to cum and she
pointed my dick into her mouth. I sprayed her tongue with more
of my boyseed. Three spurts this time, and I fell back on the bed,
exhausted in body and mind.
	Joanie crawled up the bed until her face hovered over
mine. She took my face in her hands, lowered her mouth and we
tongue kissed, our saliva and my cum mingling in our mouths.
	We lay there for about half an hour, our arms wrapped
around each other, then Joanie slowly raised herself on an elbow.
She idly ran the end of her index finger over my lips, down my
chin, down my neck, a couple of times around my nipples,
around my navel, and then to my boy cock. She ran her finger tip
along its length, watching it hop and begin to grow again. She
said,   "You better get out of here before you get caught again,
you delicious litle slutboy."
	As I left, the towel wrapped around my waist, my dick
hard again, Joanie said one last thing to me.
	"As long as your little dickie is hard for me you can come
and play."  I looked at her, stretched out on her side, her breast
still gleaming from our play, her delectable toes that I wanted to
lick like popcicles, her black bush, her thick pink pussylips, and I
knew. Whatever it took to get back here, I would do, no matter
how humiliating.
