                       Victoria's Secrets½
                             Part II
                       by "Sparkle Plenty"

      I woke up, and initially felt somehow warmed, like I had been
dreaming something very nice, and good.  As I turned on my side, my
satin night shift rubbed against my nipples and I realized that they
were already erect.  MMmm, I must have been dreaming something sexy!
      I got slowly out of bed, feeling the coolness of the room on
my hot skin.  I changed slowly, fantasizing just what my dream could
have been.
      Could it have been about Bob or Art?  Both of my lovers could
make me moist.  I certainly have enjoyed their cocks immensely (or
was it their immense cocks?).  Both knew that I had another lover,
but they didn't know who.
      After dressing and having a cup of tea, the doorbell rang and
it was Bob.
      He apologized for stopping by without calling first, but I felt
so sexy and wet, I was just glad that he was here.  We kissed and his
hand found my still erect nipples.  He immediately pulled up my blouse
and gazed lovingly at them before beginning to suck on them.  I moaned
with pleasure at his eagerness and reached for his cock.  It was already
hard.  He slipped his hand down into my pants and made murmuring noises
when he felt how wet I was.
      We started up the stairs to the bedroom, eager for each other's
bodies just as the doorbell rang again.
      Bob continued up the stairs, disrobing while I went to the door.
Of course, it was Art!  Shivers went up and down my spine!  My dream
flashed before my eyes!  Now I knew why I had awakened so hot!  My
dream had been being made love to by both my lovers!
      What an opportunity!  But I didn't know how either of them would
react to such a desire.  They knew me as someone who was enthusiastic
and loving, but I'd never said a word about this fantasy of having a
menage a trois.
      As I closed the door behind Art, he was already reaching for my
breasts.  He kissed me while his other hand went into my pants and he,
too, found that I was very wet.  "Mmm, I guess I got here just in time!"
      I smiled and told him that I had company.  His eyes quickly scanned
the living room, and finding no one, and he looked at me and asked, 
"Upstairs?"  Not knowing what to say, I nodded.  Then he surprised me
and asked "Could I watch?"
      My box reacted before my brain.  My whole being trembled with
desire.  I mumbled, "I don't know" as Bob came back down the stairs
wearing just his slacks.
      My two lovers stood quietly, looking at each other.  The silence
was finally broken when Art repeated his question to Bob.  Bob looked
questioningly at me, and I said "I would love it, Bob."  Bob nodded 
okay and we all went upstairs.
      Art undressed me as Bob watched from the bed.  He had dropped his
slacks and was now nude, his cock at the ready.  I moved over to the
bed and laid down next to Bob,  conflicting emotions raging through my
body - anxiety, shyness, strong desire, and uncertainty in not knowing how
this would end.
      Art undressed and his big cock stood upright, too.  He sat on the
edge of the bed and as if sensing our shyness, began quietly telling us
that this had always been his desire - to see me being made love to by
another man, watching my face as I came, seeing my orgasms from a different
perspective, watching me pleasure another man as I had pleasured him.
      I began relaxing and turned toward Bob, who responded immediately
by fingering my box and giving me a long, slow tongue kiss.
      My anxiety now diminished, I moved down to his cock, taking it
fully into my mouth, to both Bob's and Art's moans of pleasure.
      Art began moving his hand over my skin, gently teasing me with
his light touch, and moved down my back to my bum, putting his fingers
into my box and feeling the wetness oozing from my pussy.  He took his
fingers out and tasted them, and a look of rapture crossed his face.
While my mouth moved slowly up and down Bob's shaft, Art's big fingers
played with my bum, and Bob's fingers teased my clit.  I could feel my
pearl hardening under their hands as my whole pelvis moved in response.
      I came quickly and could feel Bob's cock harden even more in
my mouth.
      Bob pulled me up to him and gently eased my wet pussy down onto
his rod while I was still coming. My orgasm intensified as Art inserted
a finger gently into my bum.
      Waves of orgasm enveloped me.  It was as if I'd never stop coming!  
I moved up and down the cock until Bob came.  His orgasm was stronger
than I had ever felt from him.  My pussy pulled all his semen up into
it.  All of us moaned with the orgasm.
      We began to relax, but my box was throbbing still.  My fantasy
had yet to be completed.
      While Bob's cock softened within me, I looked toward Art's still
erect member.  I moved off of Bob and began licking the ooze from
Art's cock.  Bob rolled me over onto my back and began lapping our
juices as they flowed from my box.
      Art kneeled over me, facing so that he could see my cunt being
eaten.  The sight of these two men would have been enough to make me
come, but Bob was expertly flicking my clit and I came, arching my
back and exploding my juices into his eager mouth.
      As I relaxed, Art placed his cock into my mouth.  I eagerly took 
it, sucking with pleasure, feeling the bulging veins, while Bob went
down on my pearl of desire.
      I exploded again - quickly, intensely, holding tightly to Art's
cock in my mouth.
      As I again relaxed, Art took his cock from my mouth and moved to 
mount me.  My hot pussy accepted his cock and I began moving in response
to his pumping.
      Art murmured to me that this was the most exciting thing he'd ever
done, that watching Bob and I had given him more joy than he'd ever had
before and then he groaned loudly as our orgasms ravished our entire
bodies, and as Bob played with my nipples, Art filled my box with his
juices.
      We all relaxed from this intense lovemaking, each of us touching
the other.
      Bob's fingers were lightly playing with my box and clit and I was
close to coming again, when he said to Art, "I don't think she's done
yet, do you?"  Art laughed and responded "No, not at all!"
      They moved me up to the head of the bed, taking positions with
their heads resting on my inner thighs and my men began gently lapping
at my pussy and clit and fingering my bum as they brought me to orgasm
again and again.  So many fingers and tongues - I couldn't tell who was
doing what to me.  I only knew that I had been loved beautifully by my
lovers!
      And as I lay exhausted by their pleasures, my alarm clock went off
and I awoke to find myself very much alone, and I wondered if any of it
had been real.
