
                       Victoria's Secrets½
                              Part I
                       by "Sparkle Plenty"

      Victoria was driving along I-90 in her hot white sports car, when she
began resting her right hand on the gear shift.  Accidentally, her hand slid
down onto the gear shift, and she found herself circling it with her
small, dainty fingers.  After a few minutes, she realized the similarity
between the gear shift and other upright items she was familiar with...
and thought immediately of her lover, Lance.
      After several more minutes, she realized that her box was moistening
ever so slightly, and the more she thought about her wetness and the
strong, upright item in her right hand, the more her juices flowed!
      She left I-90 at the Fuller Road Exit, ducked under the overpass, and
took the left on Washington Avenue, and re-entered I-90, going back home.
It was only during the turns that she reluctantly released her grip on
the gear shift.  When she was finally heading back home, her grip
alternately was tracing the leather seams, pressing the finger grips,
and slowly raising her skirt, feeling her stockings where they ended at her
garter belt. By the time she had crossed the Patroon Island Bridge, the
seat of her car was moistened by her juices, and she was breathing
heavily.
      She pulled into her garage, and immediately began unbuttoning her
silk blouse, revealing her satin Teddy, and releasing her now hardened
nipples to the cool air.  She entered her house, and stopped only long
enough to kick off her shoes and slip out of her skirt.
      As she walked down the hall, she could see Lance sitting on the
couch, reading the paper, one hand idly rubbing his member.
      He looked up to see Victoria standing at the edge of the couch,
now only in her satin tap pants and silk lace bra.  She was removing her
silk stockings and garter belt and his cock immediately grew, pushing up
against his slacks.
      He watched in fascination as Victoria drew her light blue Teddie
over her head, revealing her lovely pink nipples.  He stood and without
a word, lowered his pants to the floor and stepped out of them.
      Victoria now quickly stepped out of her champagne colored tap pants,
never taking her eyes away from his hardened, erect cock.
      Lance reached for her and lifted her off her feet, layed her
gently on the couch, opened her thighs and lowered himself to his knees.
He feasted on the sight of her dripping, swollen pussy and listened to
her low moans of anticipated pleasure.
      He lowered his face to her pussy, enjoying the scent and warmth of
her box, taking tentative licks of the juices now oozing slowly down from
her cunt.  She spread herself wider, resting her legs on his shoulders as
he began moving his tongue slowly across her clit, feeling that pearl
swell and harden, ready for him to bring her to passionate release.
      He placed his hands under her firm ass, lifting her ever so
gently to his tongue.  The rise and fall of her breathing, her moans, the
now quickening motion of his tongue, brought her quickly to her first
orgasm.
      The ooze from her cunt increased and he placed his tongue deeply
into her box, lapping the sweet taste and swallowing her juices.
      She relaxed from that orgasm, and he moved his tongue back up to
her clit, now rising to meet his tongue.  A short period later, she had
her second orgasm, bigger and stronger than the first, arching her back
off the couch, holding her breath as the full force of passion engulfed
her entire being.
      The juices now were flowing forcefully from her cunt, and Lance
lapped and tasted until his cock was the hardest it had ever been.
      But he went back to her clit and brought her quickly again to 
orgasm.  This time she cried out in passion, and her thighs trembled,
as waves of coming completely overtook her body.  He again placed his
tongue deep in her box, making the orgasm continue. His tongue returned
to her clit again, and  she immediately came for the fourth time.
      He then placed his fingers in her box, feeling the contractions
of those strong muscles as they clamped on them.
      He stood up, lifting her under her arms and lowered her onto
his one-eyed god of love, now purple and distended, veins bulging with
eagerness for her tight, hot, wet box.
      He moved her whole body up and down his shaft, her legs gripping
him around his thighs, as she moaned loudly with pleasure.
      As his orgasm started coming, she felt the size of his cock 
growing larger, filling her completely and she felt the release of her
fifth come while his pulsating spear of love spewed hot semen up into her.
      He lowered them both back down to the couch, never missing a beat,
pumping as her hot tightness squeezed every last drop of come from him.
      When he had again grown soft and she had become quiet, he
withdrew, and again knelt to taste their juices mixing together as they
flowed from her cunt.  His tongue again found her pearl of love and
she responded once again with a more quiet, but subdued orgasm.
      They rested a few more minutes, holding each other, as the after-
glow of their passion came to an end.
      Then Victoria rose from the couch, and while retracing her steps,
put on her tap pants, her stockings and garter belt, her skirt and her
shoes, and got into her hot white sports car, buttoning her silk blouse.
      She drove onto I-90 again, occasionally, lovingly touching the
gear shift, and went to Crossgates Mall, where, while walking with an 
easy strut, she thought about the past hour and what a delicious
secret she was enjoying.
