                       Victoria's Secrets ½
                             Part III
                       by "Sparkle Plenty"


      Frank nuzzled her neck, his warm body responding to her closeness,
his hands seeking her pert ass.  Her mind was elsewhere, and she was
beginning to feel guilty that she wasn't enjoying this as much as she'd
hoped.
      Frank had initially responded to her BBS biography two weeks ago.
His notes to her had been intelligent and showed a sensitivity and warmth
that had delighted her.  She received at least one note from him each day
and found that she was looking forward to his gentle teasing about what
their first meeting would be like.
      They had met in the Mall yesterday.  Over coffee, they had assessed
each other, and despite her physical desire for him, had made a date for
dinner tonight.  Her box had been moist with anticipation for this moment
ever since that first meeting.
      Dinner had been very nice.  Frank's wit and humor kept them laughing
straight through the after-dinner coffee.  The sexual tension was like an
electrical current between them.  Her wetness reminded her continually of
how much she wanted him, and she envisioned that his cock was erect 
through most of the meal.
      Now, here they were, face to face in her apartment, but she was not
responding as she had anticipated.  As they moved to her bedroom, she
hoped that he would reawaken those hot feelings for him.
      He must have sensed her anxiety.  He began undressing her very
slowly, savoring the sights of her silk underwear, kissing her mouth,
her shoulders, her thighs, all the while, gently caressing her body, until
she was almost panting with desire to feel his cock inside her wet box.
      "What do you want, Victoria?", he asked quietly.  "You!  I want you!"
she said breathlessly.     
      "In good time," he said, "all in good time.  But for now, I want you
to enjoy yourself, to let go and enjoy those fantasies you have.  What
would you like me to do to you?"
      Without hesitation, she said, "Tease me."
      His gentle touch became even lighter on her skin as he traced small
circles around her nipples and moved slowly down her belly to her moist-
ness.  He followed his fingers with small, caressing kisses.  He gently
kissed her between her thighs and slowly turned her over, maintaining
contact with her skin with his lips and fingers.  She closed her eyes,
allowing her mind to drift with the delight.
      She moaned with pleasure as he brushed her ass with his expert touch
and hot mouth.  What was left of her anxiety vanished completely as she
realized that she was being made love to by an expert and that she would
always remember his hot touch.
      His mouth was again by her shoulders and she turned over, unable
to quiet her moans of anticipation as he gently moved his hand over and
into her box.
      He had brought her nearly to orgasm with his touch, when she felt
his hot breath and tongue on her clit.  Within just a few seconds, she
came, arching her back, holding her breath as the orgasm exploded inside
her.  
      Her whole body trembled as the orgasm subsided, and he brought her
gently to another orgasm.
      At its peak, he mounted her, inserting his cock deep into her
welcoming box.  As he pumped his juices into her, she continued to come.
Her fingernails gripping his arms, pulling him further into her, and she
lost all control, letting their waves of come envelope the two of them.
      They slowly relaxed, kissing each other, caressing each other as
the peace that follows such intensity rolled over them.
      But they didn't rest for long before he asked, "What is your
pleasure now, my sweet?"  She thought for a moment, and her stirring
loins responded to her fantasy for him.
      She got up and walked to her dresser, the butterfly tattoo on her
ass glistening with sweat.  She found four silk scarves and returned to
the bed.
      "On your back!", she demanded.  
      Frank rolled over, saw the scarves, and smiled.  Victoria
gently took each arm, tied his wrists loosely in the scarves and tied
the scarves to the uprights of her four-poster bed.  She repeated the
procedure with his ankles, and stood back to view Frank, spread-eagled
on her bed.  
      His eyes followed her lean body as she went into her walk-in closet.
When she came out, she was wearing five-inch spike heels, black net
stockings that ended at mid-thigh, and a red lace garter belt.  She stood
at the side of the bed for a few seconds, and his cock began responding
to the sight of her.  She reached under the bed and found a four-foot
feather.  She took the feather and began teasing his cock and balls with
it.  His smile widened as his cock became fully erect and his balls
ached with the need to release his cum.
      "Not yet, slave!" she murmured as her box moistened again to the
sight of him.  "You have more to do!"
      She climbed onto the bed and positioned herself with her knees on
either side of his massive shoulders.  He looked at the tousled hair of
her pussy, and could see her lips oozing with their juices.  She moved
her box up to his lips and said, "Eat me, Slave!  Make me come!"
      His tongue touched her clit immediately and he moved it back and
forth as she responded with more of her juices.  Her hips moved in tiny
circles over his face and she found herself coming almost immediately.
      He massaged her box with his mouth and tongue as her whole body,
racked with an overpowering orgasm, pumped up and down on his face.
Her face was contorted with pleasure as the waves rocked through her.
      She moved away from him, saw the glistening of her cum on his
face, and kissed him, placing her tongue deep within his mouth, tasting
what he had been tasting.
      He began writhing against his restraints, feeling his cum beginning,
moaning with anticipation for her box.
      "Please, Victoria.  Please lower yourself onto me, let me come in
your box.  Oh, please Victoria, my lovely mistress!" he begged.
      She smiled, and moved herself to his cock.  She looked at the
glistening head for just a second.  He was so erect and so big that she
had to raise her hips high in order to reach his tip.  Then she lowered 
herself slowly down his shaft, feeling the velvety ripples of his bulging
veins as they massaged her insides.
      His wrists were pulling the scarves tight as she rocked slowly on
his cock.  She savored the feel of him inside her until he could stand it
no more, and exploded his cum deep within her.  Her orgasm matched his
and she quickened her pumping as they enjoyed the hot juices and their
release.
      Quietly, they relaxed.  She reached up to his wrists and undid
the scarves, and then loosened his ankle restraints, and they fell asleep
in each others arms.
