     Continued from part 1....

 Already I could see that the breast pads in her
maternity bra were soaked.  Dark circles were appearing on
her shirt at the tips of her huge tits.  "Vicki, can you use
your fingers to force the milk out?"
 "No, that just doesn't work.  It gets the milk started,
but it won't do well enough."  She was still scanning
through the phone book, I think nearly on the verge of
tears.  "Maybe I should call my doctor.  He could talk to
the insurance company."
 "Well, all you really need is a baby."
 "Great," she glared at me.  "Where am I going to find
one of those?"
 "I'll volunteer," I replied half jokingly.  The joke
suddenly sent signals to my groin and I stared openly at her
breasts.
 "Right."
 "Well, you could wait until your tits exploded."  She
turned back to the phone book.  "Listen Vicki, I'm serious.
I'd do it for you."
 "Yeah, I'm sure you would."
 "Well, problem solved then."
 She actually looked as though she considered it for a
moment, then replied:  "No way, you'd enjoy it too much."
 So might you, I thought.  "You're running out of
choices.  Besides, I'd promise not to enjoy it."
 She laughed at that.  "Right."
 "No one would ever have to know, and tomorrow morning
we'll buy you another pump."
 She paused for a moment.  "Just what are you purposing
that you do to help me?"  As if she didn't know.  "Nurse?"
 "Babies aren't the only ones with suction.  It's not
like a sex act or anything."
 She was quiet again and went back to the phone book for
several minutes.  A hand went up to rub the side of one
throbbing breast.  "If I agreed to this, how would we do
it."
 "I take it Rick has never tried this before?"  I myself
had only once.  Amy's breasts were just too sensitive to
allow it.
 "No, don't be gross."
 "Why is it gross?  Your baby does it every day."
 "That's different."
 "How?"
 She paused again.  I could see the engineer's mind
looking for alternatives, but I had given her an easy way
out of the problem, and it was getting critical.
 "You wouldn't tell anyone?" she asked.
 "Who would believe me?"
 "If Rick were to find out..."
 "There's no way he could find out.  This isn't
something to feel guilty about.  We're friends Vicki, I
think maybe our friendship could survive this."
 "I don't want you to touch me."  She said.  "How would
we do this?"
 "You would sit on the bed, and I'd put my head in your
lap."
 "I can't sit like that, I've tried it while feeding
before.  I have to have my back against something."  The
headboards on these beds were made up of shelves, and
clearly could not support someone's back, and the pillows
were too small to be of any use.
 "Then I'll sit on a chair, and you sit facing me on my
lap."  I couldn't fight the erection groin in my jeans, I
only hoped that she wouldn't see it.  At this, I got up and
told her to stand up.  Between the frustration, the pain,
and her exhaustion, Vicki seemed to give in.  The chair for
the desk had no arms, so it would work perfectly.  I moved
it into the center of the room, between the two beds'
footboards.
 She looked at me sternly and said:  "I'm only doing
this because I'm in incredible pain."
 "So am I.  I'm only thinking of you."  I couldn't hold
back an ear-to-ear grin.
 "Right."  She moved over to the desk lamp and shut it
off.
 "You don't need to turn the lights off," I said taking
my seat.
 "Wrong."
 Hotels have about a million different lights in the
rooms (none of which are bright enough to do any good).  She
moved to the entryway to turn off that light, then the two
headboards, then the nightstand, and then the hanging light
over the table.  She also made certain that the drapes were
together.  She did, however, leave the bathroom light on.
 Next she took her shirt off, but all I could see was
her silhouette against the drapes.  I realized that she was
opening the nursing flaps on the bra, and removing the
nursing pads (these round funky pads that soak up milk when
a woman starts to "leak").  She moved to me, hesitated a
moment, then straddled my lap placing her hands on the back
of the chair to either side of my head.  I could make out
the outline of her breast protruding from the bra, but it
was too dark to see the nipple.  She started to move her
breast towards my mouth.  "Let me do this," she commanded.
I was only happy to be here.
 I felt her right nipple press against my lip.  As I
opened my mouth I felt a high pressure stream of warm liquid
hit the back of my throat.  I moved forward until my lips
circled her nipple and pressed firmly against the flesh.  A
gasp escaped her lips as the pressure was released.
 The milk was very warm, but being body temperature, I
almost couldn't feel it in my mouth, but I could
definitely taste it.  Breast milk is very sweet, and really
not too bad.  As I sucked on her breast I could feel the
nipple harden between my lips and I couldn't help but tongue
it a few times.  Each time she gasped, but didn't pull back.
The breast was also getting very warm, a side-effect of
producing milk.
 By this time I had a full erection, but she sat
back near my knees and couldn't feel it; and in the dark
she couldn't see it.  I didn't let it worry me.  I just
went with the feeling.
 As I continued to nurse and lick her nipple she started
to slightly squirm until at one point she pulled her breast
completely away.  "What's wrong?" I asked.
 "Sensitive."  She replied.
 "Am I hurting you?"
 Her voice turned to a whisper.  "No, it's just
sensitive."  Even in the dark I could tell that she was blushing.
 "Well, you can't run away," and with that I slipped my
hands around her waist and pulled her towards me.  My mouth
made contact with the top of the bra, and I followed her
curves back down to naked flesh.  I then extended my tongue,
licking my way back to the nipple; she actually moaned
aloud.  I pulled her even closer and I felt her come in
contact with the bulge in my jeans.  Due to the fact that
she had on a miniskirt, only the thin material of her
panties separated her from my jeans.  My cock pressed hard
against her as I continued to nurse.
 Obviously feeling my erection, she tried to pull away,
but I had her firmly about the waist.  The movement only
accented her squirming, and I intensified my sucking and
tongue action.  Her left breast kept hitting my right
cheek, soaking it with leaking milk.  Within only a few
moments her attempts at escape became gentle rubbing against
my bulge.  The milk became thicker, and I knew this breast
was about done.
 As the right breast went dry, my hands went up to the
back of her bra.  I quickly unhooked it.  She didn't say a
word.  As I took my lips away from her nipple, I pulled the
bra forward, and down her arms.  Running my hands up her
stomach to her chest, I cupped both enormous breasts.  I
guided her left breast to my mouth and began to nurse again.
My left hand toyed a moment with her spent breast, and with
her nipple which was nearly 1/2 an inch long.  She started
to rub her crotch against my cock again, and I could only
imagine that her panties must be soaked.  I couldn't smell
her however due to the aroma of the milk.
 As I started to quickly tongue the left breast, and tug
gently on the nipple of the right one, Vicki began to
intensify her movements.  Within a few moments her hands
left the back of the chair and wrapped around my neck
forcing my face hard against her breast.  Suddenly the
movements became a bucking, and she started to moan loudly,
an orgasm coming upon her.  I continued to suck but her
jerking became frantic and I lost her breast which then
sprayed my face with milk.  She continued to moan and rub
her cunt against my cock.
 The next thing I knew two breast were hitting me in the
face as she stood (while still straddling me) and leaned
forward.  A hand touched my crotch and traced its way up to
my zipper.  In seconds her hand was fishing through my open
fly, and soon pulled my throbbing cock out.  "Please," is
all she said.
 Why she was asking me, I don't know, for I really
didn't have a say in the matter.  Using her right hand, she
moved the crotch of her panties aside.  Using her left, she
grasped my cock and guided it against her hot, moist pussy.
I felt the lips of her cunt spread open, and then she sat
down, engulfing me in a very warm, velvety vise.
 "Oh God," I exclaimed.
 "Please," she repeated.  "Suck me."
 I quickly found her breast again and continued to suck.
Now her movements were up and down on my cock, and she
continued to moan loudly.  I could clearly feel the lips of
her pussy around my shaft as she fucked me.  Within seconds
she had another orgasm and I followed immediately.  It
hadn't even taken 30 seconds from the time I entered her.
I came in her cunt for at least a minute while she thrashed
about, and while I continued to nurse.
 Despite the incredible sensitivity in my cock, I stayed
in her and continued to suck.  She merely sat still and
breathed hard.  I could feel her heart beating through her
breasts and against my lips.  As this breast started to go dry,
she began moving up and down on my cock again, which had
never lost more than half of its erection.  Soon I was hard
again, and she was moaning.  Since the breast was now dry,
I moved back to the other one and began to lick the nipple.
 "Yes!"  She moaned.  "Lick me."
 I continued to lick her, alternating from breast to
breast.
 "Fuck me Vicki, common, fuck me."  I said to her.
 She increased her pace and moaned louder.
"Yes....fuck...."
 Noting that this talk seemed to turn her on, I tried
some more:  "Common Vicki, fuck me.  Ride my cock.  You're
fucking ME Vicki.  Do you like fucking my cock with your
cunt?"
 "Yes..." is all she could say.  Her head was back and
she was using all of her energy to move up and down.  "...I
<pant>...want IT again <pant>."
 "You want to come on me again?  You want to come on my
cock?"
 "Yes...<pant>"
 "Then grind your pussy against me.  Feel my cock in your
cunt."
 This took her over the edge and her hips moved in a
blur as she came on my cock again.  She was just too wet, so
I really couldn't feel her that well, and the speed was
wrong for me, so I didn't come with her.  Instead, I lifted
her up (still attached to my cock) and moved to the bed.
She went down back first, with me on top, her legs
straddling my waste.  I pulled out and took off my clothes,
then quickly removed her panties, leaving her in only the
mini skirt.  I grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wide
apart, then re-mounted her.  My cock sunk down to the
hilt, and I could clearly feel my balls against her ass.
She moaned still again.  I couldn't believe I was finally
fucking Vicki, and that she was so turned on.
 In only a few more strokes I could tell that she was
fairly numb, so I changed my attack.  I pulled out of her
and moved up to straddle her chest.  Clearly perplexed she
looked at me with questioning eyes.  I reached down to her
gigantic tits and rapped them around my hard, wet cock.
After I began to fuck her cleavage, Vicki got the idea and
replaced my hands with hers.  My only regret is that I
couldn't see too well in the darkness.
 Her tits were very firm.  I could feel every inch of my
cock sliding in and out between them.  Vicki actually moaned
slightly as she gave in to the illicit and unknown feelings
that she was having, and I could see that she was rubbing
her nipples with her index fingers while cupping her
breasts, pushing them together.  She also was grinding her
hips at the air, so I reached back and inserted a finger
into her cunt and found her clit with my thumb.  After only
a few more minutes of watching this, I came again, soaking
her neck.  While she didn't come again, she was too tired to
care.
 She got up to go to the bathroom dropping her skirt on
the floor.  I was asleep before she returned.
 The next morning I awoke to find her beside me, still
asleep.  Dried milk covered part of my face and chest.  I
could hear a vacuum cleaner down the hall, and its sound had
slowly awoken me.  I turned to stare at Vicki.  The blanket
only covered her from the waist down, so for the first time
I looked upon her magnificent breasts in the light of the
morning sun.  She lay slightly on her side, facing me, so
that her right breast lay on the sheet, and her left breast
lay on the right one.  A man cupping both hands together
might be able to encompass one of them.  The skin was very
tight, almost artificially smooth, with purple veins barely
exposed thought the flesh.  The nipples were light brown,
almost pink, and now lay flat against the breast.
 Her beautiful blond hair was sprawled upon the pillow,
and her lips slightly parted in a smile as she slept.  I
watched her for about a minute.  Her breathing did
incredible things to her breasts and I began to feel an
erection once again.
 I checked my watch and found it to be 10:15 am.
Neither of us had set an alarm.  We were already over two
hours late for the class - oh what the hell!
 The sounds of the vacuum seemed to be coming closer, so
I quietly slipped out of bed and placed the DO NOT DISTURB
sign on the door, ignoring the complimentary Wall Street
Journal.  Opening the door made the vacuum sound even
louder, and the latch made a horrible click, but Vicki only
rolled onto her back and sighed.  Her tits gave in to
gravity and spread slightly to either side.
 I crept back into bed and carefully covered her right
nipple with my mouth, barely touching her flesh.  Slowly I
worked my tongue across the nipple and began to build up a
suction.  Just as milk began to flow, Vicki awoke in a haze
and moaned aloud.
 I pulled my lips away for a second (getting sprayed
with milk from the built-up pressure), and said:  "Good
morning."
 She didn't even try to resist, she just began to moan
again.  As I continued to nurse, she started to squirm.  I
slowly used my right hand to brush her left breast, then
followed the curve of her body down into the sheets.  I moved
my hand over her stomach, past her bush (lightly touching
the hair), and began to rub her inner thighs.  By the time I
had emptied the right breast, she was violently moving her
hips, trying to bring her clit in contact with my hand.
 As I started to roll her towards me, so that I
could reach her left breast, Vicki completed the roll and
landed on top of me.  I felt her hand grasp my cock again
as she inserted me into her soaking pussy.  This caused the
blankets to slide down her back and fall to my knees, and
for the first time I had a partial view of her brown bush
(well, I knew she wasn't really a light blond).  Her hand
continued to hold the base of my cock as she fucked me.
 Her eyes were closed, her back was arched, and her tits
obscenely hung down in front of my face.  Using her free
hand, Vicki placed the left breast against my face without
opening her eyes.  Taking the hint, I sucked the nipple into
my mouth and was immediately rewarded with a flow of milk.
She leaned farther forward and placed her hand on the
headboard to hold herself up.  The other hand had moved to
my balls and was gently rubbing them.
 Up until now, my hands had ahold of her waist,
but I slowly moved them down to her gorgeous ass and used
them to accelerate her movement.  This seemed to really turn
her on, so I slowly slid a finger down the crack of her ass
until I touched her hole.  The gasp was noticeable.  I
moved my finger on down to where my cock plunged in and out
of her.  I traced her pussy lips with my finger, and then touched
my shaft which was covered with her juices.  Now wet, I slowly
inserted the tip of my finger into her ass as I continued to suck on
her tit.
 It sort of shocked me, but Vicki pressed hard against
my finger, pressing it deep into her rectum, at the same
moment taking my cock extra deep into her cunt.  She
screamed aloud, shook slightly, and collapsed on top of me in
orgasm, her breast somehow staying in my mouth.  I then
started to come, filling her again with my load.  She sighed
loudly in pleasure as I slid my finger out of her ass.
 As our orgasms wound down, I continued to nurse until
her breast was empty.  For the first time, she kissed me
directly on the mouth, tasting her own milk.  We kissed like
this for nearly five minutes.  As long as I live I will
never forget the feeling of her tongue against mine, her
breasts pressing into my chest, and my cock in her pussy,
growing stiff once again.  She moved her hips slightly,
acknowledging the developing erection within her.
 Moving like a cat, Vicki kissed down my chin, over my
chest (sliding off of my shaft), and down to my stomach, her
breasts tracing a path until they came in contact with my
come-covered cock.  Without even hesitating, my sweet
innocent Vicki engulfed my cock, eagerly devouring her own
cunt juices and my come.  Those beautiful lips slid slowly
up my shaft until just the tip of the head was exposed, and
then she would slide my cock back into her mouth.  After
continuing this for about five minutes, I was as hard as I
had ever been.  She then took my cock from her mouth and
began to lick up and down the shaft like it was an ice cream
stick, her tongue lingering on the head.  She would then
trace the entire length down to my balls, and even slipped
one of them into her mouth.  I was going to come quite soon.
 Sensing this, Vicki began to suck my cock again,
furiously licking at the shaft.  Staring down at her bobbing
head, swaying breasts, and overall nakedness, I shot another
load into her mouth.  I couldn't have had much come left at
this point, but what there was she quickly swallowed.  My
cock was incredibly sensitive this time, and I had to make
her stop.
 "I can't believe you've made me come four times this
quickly Vicki.  I've never been this turned on in my life."
 She smiled, obviously proud of herself.  "I can't
believe you made me come so many times either," she replied.
"I guess we're gonna miss class."
 I laughed.  "It looks like it."
 We then moved to the shower, both too sexual exhausted
even for any groping.  All we did was kiss.  And
passionately we kissed (especially for two people who had
not yet brushed their teeth).
 I had to dress to go back to my room, and found that my
shirt was covered with dry milk, and that the area around
the fly in my jeans was covered with dried cunt juice.
However, in the few steps back to my room, no one noticed.
I retrieved my paper and put up the DO NOT DISTURB sign.
 My room had not yet been done up by the maid.  It was
then that I realized that the maid would know that we were
checking out today, and would wait to do our rooms until after
we left.  The DO NOT DISTURB signs were most likely
meaningless.  Oh well, better safe than walked in on.
 By 11:30 we had dressed and checked out of the motel.
I had done the best I could to clean my shirt and jeans so
that Amy would not notice the stains when I returned home.
I usually did my own laundry anyway, so this would probably
not be a problem.
 Once I had loaded the luggage into the trunk, we got in
the car and kissed across the console.  I realized how
carefree we could be while in another city.  "I thought you
didn't like me in a sexual manner, Vicki."
 She smiled and looked away.  "I thought I didn't
either.  But last night I realized that I'm..."
 "That you're what?"
 She turned back and the tears started to flow.
 "That I'm in love with you."  With that she started to
cry.
 I chuckled and tried to hold her, the console again
getting in the way.  "I've known that I was in love with you
too for quite a while.  Why are you crying?"
 "I've cheated on Rick..."  More sobs.
 I was quiet for a while, realizing that the guilt was
hitting her.  "Vicki.  While we're together, our love
creates a universe just for you and me.  We're not quite
like lovers, we're not quite like brother and sister, and
we're not quite like friends.  We have something different
now, something good and special.  In no way should it
interfere with our other relationships.  It's just between
you and me.  My love for you does not in any way lessen my
love for Amy.  Likewise, when you go home, what happened
here has nothing to do with Rick anymore than it has to do
with your aunt Martha."
 Her crying stopped and she laughed.  "I don't have an
aunt Martha."
 "An uncle Bill?"
 She nodded.
 "Okay, ...any more than it has to do with your uncle
Bill."
 Within a little while she was happy again, and we got
through lunch without too much trouble.  We then drove
around some more until time to check in at the airport.  We
talked about everything, except our night together.  We even
bought her a new breast pump, which she ended up using
around 5:30 than evening at the airport.
 "I could do that you know," I offered.
 "I know."  She actually smiled.  "But I think I'll use
the bathroom, and you're not allowed in there."
 "Okay, fine."

