
                       Victoria's Secrets½
                              Part I
                       by "Sparkle Plenty"

      Victoria was driving along I-90 in her hot white sports car, when she
began resting her right hand on the gear shift.  Accidentally, her hand slid
down onto the gear shift, and she found herself circling it with her
small, dainty fingers.  After a few minutes, she realized the similarity
between the gear shift and other upright items she was familiar with...
and thought immediately of her lover, Lance.
      After several more minutes, she realized that her box was moistening
ever so slightly, and the more she thought about her wetness and the
strong, upright item in her right hand, the more her juices flowed!
      She left I-90 at the Fuller Road Exit, ducked under the overpass, and
took the left on Washington Avenue, and re-entered I-90, going back home.
It was only during the turns that she reluctantly released her grip on
the gear shift.  When she was finally heading back home, her grip
alternately was tracing the leather seams, pressing the finger grips,
and slowly raising her skirt, feeling her stockings where they ended at her
garter belt. By the time she had crossed the Patroon Island Bridge, the
seat of her car was moistened by her juices, and she was breathing
heavily.
      She pulled into her garage, and immediately began unbuttoning her
silk blouse, revealing her satin Teddy, and releasing her now hardened
nipples to the cool air.  She entered her house, and stopped only long
enough to kick off her shoes and slip out of her skirt.
      As she walked down the hall, she could see Lance sitting on the
couch, reading the paper, one hand idly rubbing his member.
      He looked up to see Victoria standing at the edge of the couch,
now only in her satin tap pants and silk lace bra.  She was removing her
silk stockings and garter belt and his cock immediately grew, pushing up
against his slacks.
      He watched in fascination as Victoria drew her light blue Teddie
over her head, revealing her lovely pink nipples.  He stood and without
a word, lowered his pants to the floor and stepped out of them.
      Victoria now quickly stepped out of her champagne colored tap pants,
never taking her eyes away from his hardened, erect cock.
      Lance reached for her and lifted her off her feet, layed her
gently on the couch, opened her thighs and lowered himself to his knees.
He feasted on the sight of her dripping, swollen pussy and listened to
her low moans of anticipated pleasure.
      He lowered his face to her pussy, enjoying the scent and warmth of
her box, taking tentative licks of the juices now oozing slowly down from
her cunt.  She spread herself wider, resting her legs on his shoulders as
he began moving his tongue slowly across her clit, feeling that pearl
swell and harden, ready for him to bring her to passionate release.
      He placed his hands under her firm ass, lifting her ever so
gently to his tongue.  The rise and fall of her breathing, her moans, the
now quickening motion of his tongue, brought her quickly to her first
orgasm.
      The ooze from her cunt increased and he placed his tongue deeply
into her box, lapping the sweet taste and swallowing her juices.
      She relaxed from that orgasm, and he moved his tongue back up to
her clit, now rising to meet his tongue.  A short period later, she had
her second orgasm, bigger and stronger than the first, arching her back
off the couch, holding her breath as the full force of passion engulfed
her entire being.
      The juices now were flowing forcefully from her cunt, and Lance
lapped and tasted until his cock was the hardest it had ever been.
      But he went back to her clit and brought her quickly again to 
orgasm.  This time she cried out in passion, and her thighs trembled,
as waves of coming completely overtook her body.  He again placed his
tongue deep in her box, making the orgasm continue. His tongue returned
to her clit again, and  she immediately came for the fourth time.
      He then placed his fingers in her box, feeling the contractions
of those strong muscles as they clamped on them.
      He stood up, lifting her under her arms and lowered her onto
his one-eyed god of love, now purple and distended, veins bulging with
eagerness for her tight, hot, wet box.
      He moved her whole body up and down his shaft, her legs gripping
him around his thighs, as she moaned loudly with pleasure.
      As his orgasm started coming, she felt the size of his cock 
growing larger, filling her completely and she felt the release of her
fifth come while his pulsating spear of love spewed hot semen up into her.
      He lowered them both back down to the couch, never missing a beat,
pumping as her hot tightness squeezed every last drop of come from him.
      When he had again grown soft and she had become quiet, he
withdrew, and again knelt to taste their juices mixing together as they
flowed from her cunt.  His tongue again found her pearl of love and
she responded once again with a more quiet, but subdued orgasm.
      They rested a few more minutes, holding each other, as the after-
glow of their passion came to an end.
      Then Victoria rose from the couch, and while retracing her steps,
put on her tap pants, her stockings and garter belt, her skirt and her
shoes, and got into her hot white sports car, buttoning her silk blouse.
      She drove onto I-90 again, occasionally, lovingly touching the
gear shift, and went to Crossgates Mall, where, while walking with an 
easy strut, she thought about the past hour and what a delicious
secret she was enjoying.
Archive-name: 3plus/vicky2.txt
Archive-author: Sparkle Plenty
Archive-title: Victoria's Secrets - 2


      I woke up, and initially felt somehow warmed, like I had been
dreaming something very nice, and good.  As I turned on my side, my
satin night shift rubbed against my nipples and I realized that they
were already erect.  MMmm, I must have been dreaming something sexy!
      I got slowly out of bed, feeling the coolness of the room on
my hot skin.  I changed slowly, fantasizing just what my dream could
have been.
      Could it have been about Bob or Art?  Both of my lovers could
make me moist.  I certainly have enjoyed their cocks immensely (or
was it their immense cocks?).  Both knew that I had another lover,
but they didn't know who.
      After dressing and having a cup of tea, the doorbell rang and
it was Bob.
      He apologized for stopping by without calling first, but I felt
so sexy and wet, I was just glad that he was here.  We kissed and his
hand found my still erect nipples.  He immediately pulled up my blouse
and gazed lovingly at them before beginning to suck on them.  I moaned
with pleasure at his eagerness and reached for his cock.  It was already
hard.  He slipped his hand down into my pants and made murmuring noises
when he felt how wet I was.
      We started up the stairs to the bedroom, eager for each other's
bodies just as the doorbell rang again.
      Bob continued up the stairs, disrobing while I went to the door.
Of course, it was Art!  Shivers went up and down my spine!  My dream
flashed before my eyes!  Now I knew why I had awakened so hot!  My
dream had been being made love to by both my lovers!
      What an opportunity!  But I didn't know how either of them would
react to such a desire.  They knew me as someone who was enthusiastic
and loving, but I'd never said a word about this fantasy of having a
menage a trois.
      As I closed the door behind Art, he was already reaching for my
breasts.  He kissed me while his other hand went into my pants and he,
too, found that I was very wet.  "Mmm, I guess I got here just in time!"
      I smiled and told him that I had company.  His eyes quickly scanned
the living room, and finding no one, and he looked at me and asked, 
"Upstairs?"  Not knowing what to say, I nodded.  Then he surprised me
and asked "Could I watch?"
      My box reacted before my brain.  My whole being trembled with
desire.  I mumbled, "I don't know" as Bob came back down the stairs
wearing just his slacks.
      My two lovers stood quietly, looking at each other.  The silence
was finally broken when Art repeated his question to Bob.  Bob looked
questioningly at me, and I said "I would love it, Bob."  Bob nodded 
okay and we all went upstairs.
      Art undressed me as Bob watched from the bed.  He had dropped his
slacks and was now nude, his cock at the ready.  I moved over to the
bed and laid down next to Bob,  conflicting emotions raging through my
body - anxiety, shyness, strong desire, and uncertainty in not knowing how
this would end.
      Art undressed and his big cock stood upright, too.  He sat on the
edge of the bed and as if sensing our shyness, began quietly telling us
that this had always been his desire - to see me being made love to by
another man, watching my face as I came, seeing my orgasms from a different
perspective, watching me pleasure another man as I had pleasured him.
      I began relaxing and turned toward Bob, who responded immediately
by fingering my box and giving me a long, slow tongue kiss.
      My anxiety now diminished, I moved down to his cock, taking it
fully into my mouth, to both Bob's and Art's moans of pleasure.
      Art began moving his hand over my skin, gently teasing me with
his light touch, and moved down my back to my bum, putting his fingers
into my box and feeling the wetness oozing from my pussy.  He took his
fingers out and tasted them, and a look of rapture crossed his face.
While my mouth moved slowly up and down Bob's shaft, Art's big fingers
played with my bum, and Bob's fingers teased my clit.  I could feel my
pearl hardening under their hands as my whole pelvis moved in response.
      I came quickly and could feel Bob's cock harden even more in
my mouth.
      Bob pulled me up to him and gently eased my wet pussy down onto
his rod while I was still coming. My orgasm intensified as Art inserted
a finger gently into my bum.
      Waves of orgasm enveloped me.  It was as if I'd never stop coming!  
I moved up and down the cock until Bob came.  His orgasm was stronger
than I had ever felt from him.  My pussy pulled all his semen up into
it.  All of us moaned with the orgasm.
      We began to relax, but my box was throbbing still.  My fantasy
had yet to be completed.
      While Bob's cock softened within me, I looked toward Art's still
erect member.  I moved off of Bob and began licking the ooze from
Art's cock.  Bob rolled me over onto my back and began lapping our
juices as they flowed from my box.
      Art kneeled over me, facing so that he could see my cunt being
eaten.  The sight of these two men would have been enough to make me
come, but Bob was expertly flicking my clit and I came, arching my
back and exploding my juices into his eager mouth.
      As I relaxed, Art placed his cock into my mouth.  I eagerly took 
it, sucking with pleasure, feeling the bulging veins, while Bob went
down on my pearl of desire.
      I exploded again - quickly, intensely, holding tightly to Art's
cock in my mouth.
      As I again relaxed, Art took his cock from my mouth and moved to 
mount me.  My hot pussy accepted his cock and I began moving in response
to his pumping.
      Art murmured to me that this was the most exciting thing he'd ever
done, that watching Bob and I had given him more joy than he'd ever had
before and then he groaned loudly as our orgasms ravished our entire
bodies, and as Bob played with my nipples, Art filled my box with his
juices.
      We all relaxed from this intense lovemaking, each of us touching
the other.
      Bob's fingers were lightly playing with my box and clit and I was
close to coming again, when he said to Art, "I don't think she's done
yet, do you?"  Art laughed and responded "No, not at all!"
      They moved me up to the head of the bed, taking positions with
their heads resting on my inner thighs and my men began gently lapping
at my pussy and clit and fingering my bum as they brought me to orgasm
again and again.  So many fingers and tongues - I couldn't tell who was
doing what to me.  I only knew that I had been loved beautifully by my
lovers!
      And as I lay exhausted by their pleasures, my alarm clock went off
and I awoke to find myself very much alone, and I wondered if any of it
had been real.

--
Archive-name: 3plus/vicky3.txt
Archive-author: Sparkle Plenty
Archive-title: Victoria's Secrets - 3


      Frank nuzzled her neck, his warm body responding to her closeness,
his hands seeking her pert ass.  Her mind was elsewhere, and she was
beginning to feel guilty that she wasn't enjoying this as much as she'd
hoped.
      Frank had initially responded to her BBS biography two weeks ago.
His notes to her had been intelligent and showed a sensitivity and warmth
that had delighted her.  She received at least one note from him each day
and found that she was looking forward to his gentle teasing about what
their first meeting would be like.
      They had met in the Mall yesterday.  Over coffee, they had assessed
each other, and despite her physical desire for him, had made a date for
dinner tonight.  Her box had been moist with anticipation for this moment
ever since that first meeting.
      Dinner had been very nice.  Frank's wit and humor kept them laughing
straight through the after-dinner coffee.  The sexual tension was like an
electrical current between them.  Her wetness reminded her continually of
how much she wanted him, and she envisioned that his cock was erect 
through most of the meal.
      Now, here they were, face to face in her apartment, but she was not
responding as she had anticipated.  As they moved to her bedroom, she
hoped that he would reawaken those hot feelings for him.
      He must have sensed her anxiety.  He began undressing her very
slowly, savoring the sights of her silk underwear, kissing her mouth,
her shoulders, her thighs, all the while, gently caressing her body, until
she was almost panting with desire to feel his cock inside her wet box.
      "What do you want, Victoria?", he asked quietly.  "You!  I want you!"
she said breathlessly.     
      "In good time," he said, "all in good time.  But for now, I want you
to enjoy yourself, to let go and enjoy those fantasies you have.  What
would you like me to do to you?"
      Without hesitation, she said, "Tease me."
      His gentle touch became even lighter on her skin as he traced small
circles around her nipples and moved slowly down her belly to her moist-
ness.  He followed his fingers with small, caressing kisses.  He gently
kissed her between her thighs and slowly turned her over, maintaining
contact with her skin with his lips and fingers.  She closed her eyes,
allowing her mind to drift with the delight.
      She moaned with pleasure as he brushed her ass with his expert touch
and hot mouth.  What was left of her anxiety vanished completely as she
realized that she was being made love to by an expert and that she would
always remember his hot touch.
      His mouth was again by her shoulders and she turned over, unable
to quiet her moans of anticipation as he gently moved his hand over and
into her box.
      He had brought her nearly to orgasm with his touch, when she felt
his hot breath and tongue on her clit.  Within just a few seconds, she
came, arching her back, holding her breath as the orgasm exploded inside
her.  
      Her whole body trembled as the orgasm subsided, and he brought her
gently to another orgasm.
      At its peak, he mounted her, inserting his cock deep into her
welcoming box.  As he pumped his juices into her, she continued to come.
Her fingernails gripping his arms, pulling him further into her, and she
lost all control, letting their waves of come envelope the two of them.
      They slowly relaxed, kissing each other, caressing each other as
the peace that follows such intensity rolled over them.
      But they didn't rest for long before he asked, "What is your
pleasure now, my sweet?"  She thought for a moment, and her stirring
loins responded to her fantasy for him.
      She got up and walked to her dresser, the butterfly tattoo on her
ass glistening with sweat.  She found four silk scarves and returned to
the bed.
      "On your back!", she demanded.  
      Frank rolled over, saw the scarves, and smiled.  Victoria
gently took each arm, tied his wrists loosely in the scarves and tied
the scarves to the uprights of her four-poster bed.  She repeated the
procedure with his ankles, and stood back to view Frank, spread-eagled
on her bed.  
      His eyes followed her lean body as she went into her walk-in closet.
When she came out, she was wearing five-inch spike heels, black net
stockings that ended at mid-thigh, and a red lace garter belt.  She stood
at the side of the bed for a few seconds, and his cock began responding
to the sight of her.  She reached under the bed and found a four-foot
feather.  She took the feather and began teasing his cock and balls with
it.  His smile widened as his cock became fully erect and his balls
ached with the need to release his cum.
      "Not yet, slave!" she murmured as her box moistened again to the
sight of him.  "You have more to do!"
      She climbed onto the bed and positioned herself with her knees on
either side of his massive shoulders.  He looked at the tousled hair of
her pussy, and could see her lips oozing with their juices.  She moved
her box up to his lips and said, "Eat me, Slave!  Make me come!"
      His tongue touched her clit immediately and he moved it back and
forth as she responded with more of her juices.  Her hips moved in tiny
circles over his face and she found herself coming almost immediately.
      He massaged her box with his mouth and tongue as her whole body,
racked with an overpowering orgasm, pumped up and down on his face.
Her face was contorted with pleasure as the waves rocked through her.
      She moved away from him, saw the glistening of her cum on his
face, and kissed him, placing her tongue deep within his mouth, tasting
what he had been tasting.
      He began writhing against his restraints, feeling his cum beginning,
moaning with anticipation for her box.
      "Please, Victoria.  Please lower yourself onto me, let me come in
your box.  Oh, please Victoria, my lovely mistress!" he begged.
      She smiled, and moved herself to his cock.  She looked at the
glistening head for just a second.  He was so erect and so big that she
had to raise her hips high in order to reach his tip.  Then she lowered 
herself slowly down his shaft, feeling the velvety ripples of his bulging
veins as they massaged her insides.
      His wrists were pulling the scarves tight as she rocked slowly on
his cock.  She savored the feel of him inside her until he could stand it
no more, and exploded his cum deep within her.  Her orgasm matched his
and she quickened her pumping as they enjoyed the hot juices and their
release.
      Quietly, they relaxed.  She reached up to his wrists and undid
the scarves, and then loosened his ankle restraints, and they fell asleep
in each others arms.

--
Archive-name: 3plus/vicky4.txt
Archive-author: Sparkle Plenty
Archive-title: Victoria's Secrets - 4


     "Vicky, I'm assigning you a task today."
     Victoria looked up from nuzzling Matt's shoulder, but he was 
intent on his shaving and didn't even glance at her.
     "I want you to go and buy five silk scarves."
     His tone and manner indicated that there was not to be any 
questioning of this "task", she was just supposed to do it.
     She left the bathroom, wondering what this was all about.  
She busied herself with making them breakfast and while they ate, 
they discussed various things, but he never mentioned the scarves 
again.
     After he left for work, she changed into a silk blouse and 
linen skirt and decided that she would go to the Mall for the 
scarves.
     She had difficulty finding a store with a good selection of 
scarves.  When she finally found some, she began deciding on 
colors and sizes.  She didn't know why, but she knew that each 
would probably have to be a good length, and began selecting only 
those that were over three feet long.
     By the time she'd picked the third scarf, she realized that 
her box was very moist.  The feel of the silk and chiffon on her 
hands had suddenly become very sensual.  She started reevaluating 
each of the scarves, letting the material slowly slip through her 
fingers, enjoying the reaction of her body to this new pleasure.
     By the time she had finished making her selections, her knees 
were weak with the desire she felt in her body.  She realized that 
this was probably the most pleasurable thing she'd ever done with 
her clothes on!!
     Confused by her reaction to such a simple assignment, she 
became even more confused when the cashier, upon seeing the five 
scarves, gave her a knowing look.  
     Embarrassed for some reason, Victoria was glad to leave the 
store after the transaction was complete.     
     Getting in to her car for the drive home, she realized that 
her hands were shaking, and that her legs were still weak.
     At home, she had difficulty removing the price tags because 
of her shaking hands.
     Matt returned home around 5:30 PM, carrying a small gift-
wrapped box.  After dinner, he kissed her and gave her the 
present.  Inside, she found a peach colored lace garter belt and a 
pair of peach colored stockings.
     She kissed him and thanked him for the presents.  Then he 
asked, "Would you put those on under your new silk skirt and top?"
     When she returned to the living room, dressed in her new 
clothes, he indicated that she should sit in the love seat.  He 
barely glanced at her since he was busy watching the TV.
     Somewhat mystified at his inattention, and very confused at 
this role she was apparently playing, Vicky still found her box 
very moist with anticipation.  For what, she didn't know.  But she 
did know that she was afraid that her juices were going to ruin 
her new skirt, so she ended up sitting on one side of her hips, 
drawing her feet up under her.
     Apparently bored with the TV, Matt left the living room and 
went into the bathroom.  Victoria could hear the tub running.  
When he returned, he was carrying one of the new scarves.
     "Would you let me blindfold you with this?" he asked.
     Now her trembling body reacted with fear.  But she trusted 
Matt, she knew that he wouldn't hurt her.  But blindfolded!?  
Whatever for??  She nodded her assent, and she found herself being 
blindfolded.
     He took her hand and led her into the bathroom.  There, he 
kissed her, placing his tongue deep within her mouth.  Slowly, 
while both of them enjoyed the touch of the silk outfit on her 
skin, he began undressing her.  When he had removed her outer 
clothes, he began caressing her breasts, making her nipples erect 
by gently touching them with his fingertips.  While he unhooked 
the stockings from the garter belt, his mouth found her nipples 
and he began sucking them, making her box respond even more 
powerfully.
     Soon she found herself standing naked in front of him, unable 
to see, but the touch of him, the slight smell of both of them, 
the sweet murmurings in her ear, the taste of his skin, made her 
realize that those senses were dramatically heightened.
     He helped her into the tub, and she felt the warmth and smell 
of a bubble bath enveloping her body.  He began washing her, using 
the cloth to stimulate her nipples and clit.  She relaxed 
slightly, enjoying the feel of the rough washcloth and his 
pampering of her.  
     She reached over to him and began caressing him in return.  
Her hand strayed to his cock, but he brushed her hand away.  
"You're being disobedient, Vicky.  You may not touch me until I 
tell you.  I will allow this mistake to pass, but further errors 
and I will have to discipline you!"
     Although visibly shaking, she secretly smiled at his demand 
and put her hands at her sides, allowing him free rein of her body 
as he continued her bath.
     He then helped her out of the tub and told her to put on the 
stockings and garter belt, and steadied her while she did that.  
He then led her into the bedroom and positioned her at the end of 
what seemed to be a table.
     She was confused - there hadn't been a table there before.  
He ordered her to bend down over the table.
     As she was getting comfortable, she could feel him tying one 
of her ankles to the table leg with a scarf.
     Instantly, her body reacted - her ultimate fantasy.  She was 
being restrained!
     As he busied himself with securing her ankles and wrists to 
the table, she wondered what was in store for her.
     The reality of actually being unable to move and protect 
herself screamed through her awareness.  And odd mixture of fear 
and desire raged through her, causing her body to tremble but her 
box to throb with anticipated pleasure.
     She tried to move against her restraints, testing their knots 
and found, indeed, that she was at his mercy.  "My God", she 
thought, "here I am, bare-assed and vulnerable, unable to do 
anything to protect myself!"  That realization caused her to moan, 
and Matt commanded her to be quiet.
     Her box suddenly felt a warm, moist object and her ears 
responded to the whirr of a vibrator.  Matt moved the vibrator 
over and in her box, but withdrew it before she came.  He spread 
her ass wide with his hands, and she felt his hot tongue flitting 
in and out of her.
     Within seconds, she began coming.  His tongue stayed with her 
until her fourth orgasm, and at its peak, he entered her with his 
cock.
     He rode her, pumping his fluids into her as she continued 
coming.
     When he had finished, she again felt his tongue exploring her 
as their juices ran down her legs.  She lost count of her orgasms 
- one seemed to be more pleasurable than the last, and there was 
hardly any discernible time between each of them.
     He again mounted her and quickly brought them both to 
fulfilment.
     Exhausted, he leaned over her and began undoing her wrists 
from their scarves.
     He kissed her tenderly all over her body as he finished 
releasing the ankle scarves, then led her into the bed and gently 
removed the blindfold.  Holding her and caressing her, telling her 
how much he loved her, thanking her for trusting him in his 
fantasy of domination, they finally collapsed in sleep, gently 
cradling each other during the night.

--
