                              VICTORIA'S REAL SECRET 

  She was still there.  Each time I entered the store I swung like a 
pendulum between the hope that she would be gone, and the strangely intense 
dread that I would never see her again...would never know the promise of her 
taut young body.  It would be so wrong...I knew that, but somehow I could 
not help but want her.  

   The store was a lingerie shoppe-of a major chain of shops-in a large 
local shopping Mall.  I had bought there often, liking the high quality 
design and materials of their sexy undergarments and bathing apparel...and 
about a month before had noticed the way one of the salesgirls was paying 
special attention to me.  She was a small, young girl, strawberry blonde & 
freckled, certainly still in her mid-teens (17 at most).  The girl's body 
was something to dream about...lithe and lightly muscled, creamy freckled 
skin, small high breasts, full succulent pale lips, and soft doe-like brown 
eyes. But so young!

   Her name was Megan, and her mother managed the shop I soon discovered.  
Her Mother was also quite lovely, but her sweet daughter was a rare 
beauty...an untried rose just opening it's bud.  After a few visits more 
Megan started to talk to me, she was very nervous at first...even though she 
never said anything forward or improper...I could tell from the way she 
would glance at my body, and offer suggestions about what would 'look good' 
on me, that she had a dangerous fascination growing within her fresh young 
mind.

   Several times I had caught her trying to see through the billowing curtains 
that closed off the door to which ever dressing room I would choose; her 
fervent desire to catch even a glimpse of my naked body was somehow very 
exciting...it was touching how important it seemed to be to her.  

   But still, she always smiled shyly and spoke so politely to me upon my 
checking out that I never dared do more than fantasize about making anything 
of it.  Sexual fascination can build itself in your mind in such odd and 
elusive ways...before I knew it I would leave the shop and go immediately 
home, where I would put on my purchase and stand before the full length wall 
mirror in my bedroom.  I would stand there in my new  chemise or lace 
camisole, clinging softly to my richly tanned torso...or adjusting a new 
transparent demi-cup bra over my large firm 38-C breasts, and adjustment 
that would often take some time as I would enjoy the feel of those familiar 
dusky spheres of woman-flesh in my hands...my nipples responding to the 
caresses through the texture of the new fabric. 

   Often now I would close my steel grey eyes-as I stood almost naked before 
the mirror-and imagine that my strong tapered fingers were really megan's 
small delicate hands...that the sensations I was bringing forth were from her softly
pinching my large dark brown nipples.  That my hard thick nubs were aching with 
delicious shivers of delight because of the young girl's tender loving 
ministrations!  When the muscles in my thighs would start to quiver with the 
strain of standing, swaying in a sensual haze, with my eyes closed in 
forbidden fantasy...I would fall backward onto my huge bed!  If I were to 
then open my eyes, and look again into the mirror, I knew their normal cool 
grey color would have become the pale blue fire of smouldering passion.

   This had to stop...I was a mature, sexually active woman...to be 
masturbating alone over this babe, like some Jr. High school girl at a 
slumber party! I had to do something...soon!

   I knew I had to see this thing through to some sort of conclusion, I told 
myself that I had to be responsible about it, I had to be adult...she was a 
teenager for god's sake.  If that was the truth; why did I wear my sexiest 
form-hugging sleeveless knit dress, the one with the buttons down the back 
to just below the buttocks and the open slit from there on down...why the 
underwire half-bra that did such incredible things for my bosom while still 
leaving my nipples bare to poke so provocatively through the fabric of my 
dress top?  Why-if I was going to tell her she was getting in over her 
pretty little head-did I slide into the seamed nylons and black garters, the 
tiny black silk g-string panties...why the single golden drop of perfume 
along the inner curve of my left thigh just below my smoothly shaven pubic 
juncture?

   From long time patronization I knew when her Mother's day off was, and 
felt this would be more conducive to our necessary discussion.  I arrived at 
the Store and she turned as she heard my stiletto heels click crossing the 
threshold of mall tiles, she smiled so prettily, and with such obvious joy 
at seeing me, that my resolve wavered...perhaps if I tried some things on 
first, it would give me time to think of what needed to be said.

   Megan virtually pushed the other salesgirl aside to reach me, telling me 
how wonderful I looked...I told her she should know, as she had sold me most 
of what I was wearing.  She blushed so sweetly when she realized I meant my 
underthings, her freckles seeming to break out in colonies all over her face 
and slender neck...I suddenly felt something not at all like responsible 
adult resolve!  I selected a couple of lacy teddies of different designs and 
had Megan show me to a dressing booth.  The fascinating young girl stood 
outside and chatted with me through the curtains...waiting, I knew, for any 
glimpse of my body that chance might afford her.

   In the stillness of the booth I let out a heavy sigh...what was I doing? 
Why was I so weak?  But I knew some line had been crossed when she blushed 
so deeply at my simple statement concerning the very product her shop 
sells...why else the giddy embarrassment except for the fact that the 
dainties were clinging to MY body!  I was somehow touched...

   "Megan, would you be a darling and give me a hand with these buttons?" It 
was out of my mouth before I truly realized I had spoken the words!  There 
was a long silence, then the heavy curtains parted and the girl slowly 
entered, looking shyly anywhere but at my face...biting her lower lip. 

   I could feel the heat from her young body in the enclosed space of the 
booth as she slid around behind me, her little hands going to the long row 
of tiny buttons down my back...she fumbled around opening the top one...her 
fingers were actually trembling!   But she eventually got them all undone, 
kneeling behind me as the last one opened and the dress parted to reveal the 
firm twin spheres of my tanned ass cheeks, naked except for the thin strap 
of the g-string running down between them. Megan gasped aloud! She tried to 
cover it with her hand, but I heard it quite clearly...there was no turning 
back for me now.  As if there had ever really been any question about it.  I 
closed my eyes, took a long deep breath, and-before the girl could rise from 
her knees-turned around to face her...

   We stood there like that for an eternal moment, me standing in my exotic 
underwear, her kneeling before me...fully dressed in a wide dark skirt and 
cowl-necked cotton blouse.  her head just about even with my silk covered 
crotch, I could feel her breath blow in short hot waves across the skin of 
my upper thighs. I was sure that she could smell the mixed musk of the 
perfume I had placed down there and my growing excitement.  The Moment 
stretched to the point of embarrassment before Megan finally found the 
strength to rise and face me...her beautiful fresh teenage face-surrounded 
in a halo of strawberry blonde curls-having to look slightly up at mine, as 
her head barely topped the shelf of my breasts.  She almost brushed my 
excitement-hardened nipples as she rose, exposed as they were by the 
half-cup bra...they nearness of them illiciting another sharp gasp from her, 
her soft brown eyes going wide and seeming to lock on them as she rose.

   The dressing booth seemed to press in on us-as if to force the issue-the 
very air around us seemed superheated...I don't know which of us moved 
first, I think it was her (psychologically I need for it to have been her), 
but whichever it was we were suddenly in each others arms!  Megan thrust 
herself up on her toes to meet my downturned face,  we kissed; her sweet 
young lips tasting wonderful and her kisses so fervent and yearning! Her 
lithe form trembling in my stronger arms, I caressed her back through the 
blouse, pulling her tightly to me. My nipples burning points of fire through 
the thin fabric between our bodies...at  least I knew I could feel hers 
pushing through against my naked skin as our breasts slid warmly together 
with the passion of our embrace. 

    My tongue fenced expertly with her unskilled but enthusiastic one, until 
she was force to break the impassioned kiss for shortness of breath!  Give 
her this...we had still not made enough noise to be heard by anyone who was 
not standing directly outside the booth!  She dropped her lips to the darkly 
tanned mound of my left breast, kissing and licking the pliant 
woman-flesh...the sweet child finally sucking the throbbing erect nub into 
her hot wet mouth.  Shivers  blossomed outward from my nipples and seemed to 
shoot groinward, ultimately unfolding into a strong clitoral need for 
stimulation!  I ground my hips suddenly forward, bringing my pubic mound 
firmly into contact with her right hip bone just above her leg...and there 
slid the sodden silk panties rapidly up and down in short furious strokes!  
Megan drew that leg up sharply between my own, leaving nothing but the tiny 
thin panties between my pistoning cunt and her own pale smooth skin...as her 
skirt had now ridden up completely on that side.  

   As megan nursed rapaciously at my bosom, switching from first one hard 
nipple to the other, then anxiously back again...I slid the back of her 
skirt up.  To my surprise, the girl was wearing no panties at all!  I cupped 
and kneaded the creamy naked spheres of her supple young ass in my 
experienced hands, hearing a low moan escape from her lips pressed so 
completely into the pliant mound of my right tit!  The tiny sound of utter 
animal delight sending the fricative sensations throbbing through my 
pussy-were I still ground it firmly against her hip-over the top into sudden 
pulsing orgasm!  

   I buried my face in the swirling mass of megan's clean soft hair, and 
against her shoulder...to stifle the uncontrollable moans of ecstasy that 
the orgasm brought forth.  I was painfully aware of the store full of 
customers just beyond the heavy curtains of the dressing booth.  My whole 
body shuddered as the sweet cum subsided, and I held the slim young girl 
responsible for it tightly to me...finally returning to passionate kissing 
of her freckled face and pliant lips.

   Megan was breathing heavily and making tiny sighing sounds deep in her 
throat, I knew she was in a pre-orgasmic state herself...just from the 
kissing, the excitement borne of the shattered barriers, and her brief 
explorations of my upper torso!  Her right hand left my back, sliding around 
my silken hip and across my lower belly...to dip gently, timorously, down 
over the silken g-string panties that covered my smooth pubic mound.
The girl gasped aloud and pulled back, giving me a startled look that broke 
into a wild grin, when she realized that there is no compression of pubic 
hair beneath the moisture soaked silk!  Her nervously exploring fingers 
running over my clit and down the yearning slit...pushing the wet cloth 
deeper between my agitated pussy lips.  

   Finally she could stand it no longer, the teenager stepped back and drew 
her blouse off over her head in a single swift motion...revealing a 
beautiful pair of small, high, soft looking breasts; with large pink raised 
aureolas around little-but very erect-nipples.  the  conical, creamy white, 
mounds were dusted with a delightful sprinkling of pale freckles.  With an 
equally quick working of a snapped belt, her skirt dropped to the clothing 
littered floor of the cubicle, leaving the pretty teenaged girl naked before 
my devouring gaze except for her  romanesque sandals.  The youthful 
vibrancy, the delicate virgin sweetness of her vulnerable nudity was almost 
unbearably sensual!

   Her hands returned to my waist, and as Megan once again knelt before me, 
like some kind of Victorian sex slave, she slowly pulled my ruined panties 
down my long tanned legs.  I was struck with the sudden realization that I 
no longer knew who was controlling the situation...there was nothing I would 
not have done to please the girl, if she were to ask, right then.  Megan 
moved forward, her breath hot on my eager flesh...and as her nails dug into 
the nut-brown skin of my upper thighs, she licked delicately, tenuously, 
lovingly at the heat swollen inner lips of my pussy.  I gasped aloud with 
the sudden rush of longed for sensation, and fell backwards; my shoulders 
impacting the cubicle's wall with a solid thump!  I pushed my shaven groin 
forward against her sliding, probing tongue, causing the tip of her freckled 
nose to firmly impact with my erect clitoris...the 'peaks' of sensation 
driving my towards another fast hard orgasm.

   "Is everything all right in there?" called the voice of one of the other 
salesgirls through the curtain...instantly paralyzing our activity.  She had 
but to part the hanging cloth in the doorway, and all would be lost!

   "No...no, we are doing fine...just a...difficult fastener. Megan has 
gotten it. Thanks!" I said quickly, hoping the lust induced huskiness of my 
voice would not be obvious to her.

  "Very well then...I'll leave you to it." the salesgirl responded, and we 
could hear her walk away.  I looked down at Megan, who was smiling impishly 
back up at me, obviously fighting to suppress open laughter. The girl had 
nerve!  She also had a wonderfully quick tongue...which she immediately 
lashed wetly across my heat-flushed pussy lips once again.  Looping a leg 
over her shoulder I forced her to continue eating me, nothing would stop it 
this time...nothing!

   I tore off the half-bra and clamped the straps between my teeth to force 
myself to make no more than muffled groans, as another strong rhythmic 
orgasm pounded through my body...she was good, so very VERY good!

   Megan stood again, dragging the heated smoothness of her firm young body 
across my naked skin as she did so...her peaked nipples leaving trails of 
sensual fire across me.  I pulled the teenager to me for a long fierce kiss 
of gratitude for the indescribable pleasure she had given me, my tongue 
driving deep into her mouth, slipping wetly around her own with thrilling 
sensation.

   I kissed my way down from her sweet pale lips, across her tiny chin, and 
down her smooth soft neck...to linger for eternal delicious minutes on the 
freckle dusted upper curve of her small taut breasts.  Then I devoured her 
rosy pink nipples, nipping, licking, sucking them into swollen 
erection...eliciting short gasps of delight from the young lady to whom they 
belonged.  She ran her hands over my darkly tanned shoulders and then, with 
her palms outward, slid them down to cup, and knead the lavish fullness of 
my own breasts as I continued to suckle hers. 

   Finally I left her delectable hard nipples, and kissed my way down her 
chest,  over the glowing warmth of her belly, and into the forbidden downy 
strands of her red-blonde pubic hair...hair that was a much deeper 
coppery-red than the sun bleached strawberry blonde tresses atop her head.  
I gently parted the strands of cunt hair to see her beautiful young pussy up 
close for the first time, the outer lips were slight; little more than low 
mounds on either side of the wonders they surrounded...her inner 
lips...glistening with excitement borne moisture, were so pink, so 
delicate-it made me ache with desire just looking at them.  I gently touched 
the wet inner lips with my long tapered fingers- causing Megan to gasp at 
the, often longed for, intimacy-pulling the heat swollen tender folds of 
flesh apart.  Her vaginal slit was tiny, she would be wonderfully tight I 
realized...it made me wish that I were a man, to delve the unknown-and 
unknowable for me-delights of her virginity with my cock; to feel myself as 
a rod of burning need within her.  A low whimper from the young girl brought 
me back to reality, her legs were actually trembling as she awaited my 
attentions.

   I teased her pussy lips with my fingertips for an few seconds, sliding 
them slickly up and down the length of her yearning slit...slowly & lightly 
rubbing over the hard nubbin of her clitoris at the top.  She literally 
growled, and pushed her groin forward harder against the elusive 
digits...the teenagers hands rising to caress and pinch her own breasts and 
nipples!  Megan seemed lost in a world of throbbing sensations, her eyes 
tightly closed...her breath coming in short animal moans. 

   Finally relenting, I lean forward and dart my experienced tongue across 
her honeyed pussy lips...across her need swollen clit...probing on each 
downward stroke at the flowing wetness of her vaginal opening.  The taste of 
her girlish flesh was beyond my ability to describe...I never wanted this 
illicit intimacy to end!  I wanted to stay buried between the girl's creamy 
thighs forever...driving her further and further into realms of passion!

   Quite suddenly she grabbed my head, her fingers grasping into my long 
black mass of hair, and pulled my face hard against her groin...all delicacy 
was forgotten, the girl ground her cunt against my whip-like tongue and 
raking lips.  Megan let out a heartfelt squeal of delight, without regard as 
to who might hear, and I knew she was experiencing what was at least a 
profound orgasm!  An orgasm that took a wonderfully long time to 
subside...time I took advantage of to thoroughly enjoy the taste and smell 
of her pussy, my hands kneading the firm pliant spheres of her freckled 
asscheeks all the while.

   The girl finally slowed her grinding thrusts against my moisture slick 
face, and slowly pulled away-with a groan that sang of regret at the 
parting-and slid limply, in a naked heap, to the floor of the dressing 
booth.  Gasping and sweaty, from our exertions and the nearly stifling heat 
of the closed booth, we embraced...the experienced-often jaded-older woman, 
and the fresh young girl...equal for that eternal moment in our utter 
satisfaction!

   I kissed her flushed glowing face, gently, lovingly...telling her I 
understood the special nature of the gift she had offered me.  She lay 
cradled in my arms for a while, her body all softness and slowly fading 
heat...then finally stirred with the realization of how long we had been 
'using' the dressing booth in the crowded store.

   I dressed Megan slowly, savoring the simple intimacies it afforded 
me...then she dressed me, giggling faintly as she planted a fervent kiss on 
my shaven pussy, and then pocketed my drenched silk panties while looking at me with
a delightful mixture of wickedness and blushing innocence!  We checked each other for
details and finally admitted that we were composed enough to leave the sweet privacy
of the booth.  

   We came out into the cool air conditioning of the lingerie store's main 
area, to notice that Megan's Mother had returned and was at the 
register...and that the other salesgirl was looking at both of us in a way 
that was totally indecipherable.  Megan's squeal at the moment of orgasm had 
clearly been heard by her, but she may not have been completely certain what 
to make of it.  The question was; had Megan's Mother returned in time to 
hear it?  Any mature woman would have known instantly what it meant.

   Mentally lashing a 2x4 to my spine, I walked with Megan to the counter, 
watched-in mental agony-as she daintily kissed her mother hello...the girl 
courting disaster, with the taste of my pussy still on her lips!  Her Mother 
turned to me and smiled her wide generous smile she usually used while 
talking to valued customers and said: "Ah, I see you have decided on several lovely
choices today."

   I looked down at the pair of silk and lace teddies in my hands and 
mumbled my way through the checkout procedure inanely, feeling incredibly 
self-conscious.  Megan grinning like a cheshire puss behind her Mom's back 
the whole time.  With a final knowing smile I waved good-bye to the 
beautiful teenage girl who had made such a marvelous afternoon of delight 
possible...but I resolved-as I drove home-to never go back to that store, to 
never see her again! It was wonderful, but it was wrong! I would be strong 
this time...it should be easy as she had no real way of contacting and 
tormenting me.

    As I collapsed exhausted on the sofa at home, the phone rang...Reaching 
over to pick it up I was shocked to hear;

  "Hello Darling! Just wanted you to know that I'm still yours completely." 
It was Megan, talking in a whisper...the noises of the store behind her.  I 
realized that my phone number and address had been on the check I left to 
pay for the underwear!
                                    THE END
