Archive-name: Bondage/vid.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Amateur Porn
 
 
     Homemade dirty movie can be hot and fun, and recently my girlfriend
and I received several from a mail order house.  We'd picked several that
looked interesting, and one, on a whim, that dealt with B&D. The tapes were
all pretty good, all the more exciting because these were REAL people doing
these things, not paid actors and actresses.  
     The B&D tape however, was different. It was well shot, clear, and
very, very erotic. The first segment of the tape introduced an attractive
woman in her early thirties, dressed in a leather getup that would make
even Barbarella turn green. She explained the purpose behind B&D was to
resist the primal urges, until they were overwhelming, and then to shuck
off all restraint, releasing the full animalistic urges within for a truly
wondrous orgasm.   
     Pretty standard stuff, I thought. My girlfriend and I had already made
each other come during one of the earlier tapes, so now we sat on the sofa,
naked and caressing each other.   
     The tape changed, and a dressy looking party seemed to be in progress.
People were milling about (at least twenty), inside a pleasant looking
home. Men and women alike were dressed sexily, but nothing outrageous. This
continued until the camera began following a woman towards the back of the
house.  She looked back down the hall, as if to insure no one would see
her, and then entered a room.  The camera entered with her of course.  
     In the room, there was a young man of perhaps 24, tied to an odd
looking contraption. He was bound with black leather restraints, blind-
folded, and almost naked save for his leather harnesses.  He was sitting on
a bench, legs tied wide apart, but the bench slanted upwards supporting his
back and head. His hands were tied to supports that kept his arms out and
about waist high, more or less level with his head. His legs were bent
back, so that he appeared to be squatting in an almost impossible position.
Straps fastened his body to the bench, table or device. His cock and balls
were wrapped in a contoured jock-strap, that left little need for imagina- 
tion. Attached to a leather strap around his neck was a leash.  Bound hand,
foot, and body, he couldn't move from his bench.   
     The woman, an attractive woman in her mid thirties, slipped her dress
off and hung it neatly on a hanger, revealing her garterbelt and stockings.
Her bra was soft leather, open in front, and pushed her ample breasts
together. Her nipples were large and pink, and they jutted out prominently. 
     She went over to the man and wordlessly stepped over him, holding her
pussy inches from his face. He leaned forward and began to lick her, and
she would move back every so often, making him stick his tongue out in
search of her twat.  She pulled his leash between her legs, and then pulled
on it, pulling him against her pussy.  She was rocking her hips up and down
on the man's face and the camera zoomed out so we could see his leather
bound cock flexing. When the woman finished, she raked her long fingernails
over the man's bound balls, then between his legs on his tender thighs. She
then straddled one of his hands, which he pointed straight up, and made him
finger her pussy. The camera moved around and zoomed in to show his four
fingers spreading her cunt open.  His hand glistened with her creamy juices
when she rose up.  The woman spread her cuntlips and rubbed her sopping wet
cunt on the man's right nipple, then turned and began getting dressed.  
     I paused the tape and asked my girlfriend if she wanted to continue
watching. I was very hard, and horny already, and her warm, naked body next
to mine beckoned. She nodded, saying that she'd never seen anything like
this, and that she thought this was very hot.  I let the tape play on,
while she stroked my shaft slowly against her full breasts.  
     The woman left the room, the camera following. The camera picked out a
man now heading down the hallway, and followed him. He too glanced around,
then entered a different room. 
     In this room, was a young blonde, about 22, also tied up. She was
nearly nude, but like the young man, had leather straps restraining her.
She was bound to a black bar that kept her legs spread wide, and made to
lean forward over another bar, this one of painted wood. Her arms were
bound to chains that kept her arms spread wide, her hands just above the
level of her head. Her full breasts were crossed with a black leather
harness, which lifted them slightly, and still let them sag.  Her nipples
were dark brown, a nice contrast against her fair skin. The man slipped out
of his clothes, folding them neatly on a chair.  The girl was blindfolded
too, and turned her head to listen.   
     The camera circled her, showing how exposed her ass, cunt and tits
were.  The man walked over, his thick cock standing out from his body a
good seven or eight inches.  He fed his thick meat to the girl, and she
sucked as much as she could. He simply grabbed her head and began pumping
into her mouth in an easy rhythm. He reached down and tugged on her tits,
pulling on her nipples.  The camera showed his cock sliding in and out of
her mouth, glistening with her saliva.   
     Then the man slowly walked around her, running his hand down her ass,
and then down her thighs.  On the upstroke on the opposite thigh, he cupped
his hand over her cunt and shoved his thumb inside her. The girl arched her
ass back, and he slapped her left cheek hard enough to make it ripple.  
     The man stood behind her and spread her cheeks, then positioned his
cock at her entrance. In one, swift, thrust he plunged his thick cock all
the way into her cunt. He held still for a moment, then began to fuck her
hard and fast. Her tits bounced and shook and her jaw hung slack as she
felt him fuck her.  He stopped after a few moments, and when she moved her
ass to continue, he slapped her again. She remained still, this time while
he moved very slowly. Each time she moved now, he would pull hard on her
nipples. Finally, he shoved himself all the way in, then stepped back and
away quickly.  The camera zoomed in to show her cuntlips still open, and
her pulsing tunnel closing slowly.   
     The man returned his cock to her mouth and she sucked him. He moved
faster and faster, until he finally came.  The man pulled back and we
watched his thick, white sperm gush against her mouth, chin, and cheeks. He
put his cock back in her mouth and jerked the last of his cum into her
mouth before pulling out.  Her face glistened with his sperm, and she let
some drool out of her mouth, her chest rising and falling quickly.  
     The man turned and dressed, leaving the room, with the camera
following him.  He went back into the main room, and picked up his glass,
joining a circle of people as if nothing had just happened.  The activity
picked up with another woman entering the young man's room.  
     She stripped off her slinky evening dress, revealing her lithe, naked
body underneath. She had small tits with pointy nipples, and a bare-shaved
pussy. She made the man eat her smooth cunt, and we could see her juices
and his saliva make her mons shine wetly. She straddled his fingers and
made him suck her nipples.  She came all over the man's hand, then wiped
her cream from his palm and rubbed it on his face like a lotion.   
     The woman, who looked about 30, was thin, and in good shape. She bent
over to open her purse, with the camera showing her engorged cuntlips from
behind.  She turned around and began strapping on a dildo and harness,
using her cunt to lubricate the fake cock.  She knelt by the man's crotch
and then slid the dildo up his asshole smoothly, stopping for a long
moment. He was obviously aroused by this, rocking his hips up and down in
shaking motions.  
     The woman moved slowly, sliding the stubby shaft in and out of the
man's ass. Then she fucked him hard and fast for about ten seconds, and
pulled out.  The camera zoomed in to show his asshole pulsing and closing,
and his hips swaying about.  The woman cleaned off her dildo in an adjacent
bathroom, then dressed and returned to the party.  A man passed her in the
hall and they exchanged smiles briefly. The camera turned about and
followed him into the girl's room. 
     The girl was still tied, semen still dripping from her chin. The man
undressed and walked over to her, standing behind her. His cock was long,
but somewhat thin, about nine inches.  He slid into her pussy, and began to
pump. He fucked her savagely, making her tits sway and bounce. He grabbed
her hair and slammed against her time and again, making her ass ripple with
the intensity of his thrusts.  Then, his strokes became longer, deeper, and
he pulled his spurting cock out of her cunt and slid it partway up her
asshole. The girl shook and writhed, and the man rocked the last of his cum
into her butt. He pulled out and went into the bathroom (the same one the
woman had used -- dual entrances), cleaned his cock, and then dressed. The
camera zoomed in on the girl's ass and cunt, a thick white glob of sperm
hung in her bush, and her asshole was ringed with glistening white cum. 
     The man left, and another entered almost as he left. This man had a
cock that was very thick, and about six inches long.  He too fucked the
girl, and then pressed his cock against her large tits and came. His thick
cock seemed to be full of jism. He came and came all over her tits, and
even spurt some of his very thick, white cum on her open mouth, causing
stringy strands to form between her lips and tongue. He dressed and left. 
     The cameraman cheated and sneaked through the bathroom into the room
with the young man.  A woman, about forty, with big tits and a very wet
cunt was sliding over his chest and face.  Her cunt oozed a thick white
cream onto the man's chin, and she spread her wetness all over him. Even
down his thighs. She made him suck each hard nipple, then she used her tits
to slap his face.  She made him finger her asshole and cunt and the camera
zoomed in on her pussy cream that soaked the young man's hand.  
     She'd just finished coming, and was still sitting on his fingers when
another woman entered.  She smiled and began undressing, then walked over
as the older woman rose off the hand. The younger woman looked about 28-30,
and she rubbed her pointy round tits in the man's hand. She made him lick
her tits clean.  The camera moved back to the girl's room, where she was
getting her asshole fucked by a guy with a short, thick cock. Another man
entered and simply unzipped, jacking off into her face and hair. The ass-
fucking man pulled out and came on her asshole, then shoved a dildo up her
ass before leaving the room. The sperm soaked blonde was panting heavily as
the camera turned and headed back to the man's room. The nice looking woman
with the pointy tits was grinding her cunt all over his face, and slapping
his cock from side to side. She grinned each time it stopped, standing
upright again.    
     Finally, after coming on his face, she dressed and left.  A woman came
in and began unfastening the young man, tying his hands behind his back.
She inserted a butt plug in his ass, and led him by his cock through the
bathroom, into the girl's room.  Here, she untied the girl, and tied her
hands behind her back. The girl got a butt plug too, but also a vibrating
dildo with a shaft that flexed and wriggled. She slid this up the blonde's
cunt, and fastened it to some straps around her waist.  The woman led the
couple by their leashes into the hallway.  
     The party was less normal now, with all of the guests wearing masks.
Women were dressed in everything from garterbelts to leather harnesses to
nothing at all. The men too wore leather straps, some restraints, and some
cock-rings were evident. Several were stark naked.  
     The couple was led to the middle of the room and their blindfolds
removed. The looked about, blinking, and then at each other. The woman
removed the leather covering from the young man's cock and balls, freeing
him at last.  An order was given and the blonde knelt and sucked on the
man's cock, taking him easily into her mouth.  A cute brunette with soft,
floppy tits knelt behind the young man and worked his butt plug around,
finally pulling it out. He stiffened and the camera swung over to show his
cock throbbing in the girl's mouth.  An older redheaded woman with small
tits pulled the blonde's face off the cock, and held her there to get
drenched with sperm.  The young man came a lot, soaking the blonde's face
and neck with his thick, glistening cum. 
     The cute brunette came around and began sucking the man's wet cock and
the redhead kissed the sperm-covered blonde on the lips.  The blonde
writhed about, and then was laid out, spread eagled on the floor. A
brunette woman slid her mouth over the blonde's cunt, and began sucking,
pulling the vibrator out of the girl and using it on herself.  A bold man
knelt and slid his cock between the girl's slippery wet tits and began
pumping her tits. The redhead straddled the girl's mouth and made her suck
her clit.  
     All around the room, people were fucking and sucking each other. The
camera kept them in the background while keeping the young man and blonde
as the main subjects. The young man was now fucking an older woman's cunt
while another straddled his face. The tit-fucking man spurted his cum all
over the blonde's tits, and then the redhead rubbed the sperm all over the
blonde and herself. The blonde began to come, arching her hips up and
shuddering all over. The woman sucking the blonde's cunt sat up and rolled
her over.    
     The young man was led to the blonde, and his cock pushed up her
asshole. Two women began pushing and pulling his hips to fuck the blonde
with his cock. She was obviously still coming, and a brunette slid her cunt
to the girl's face and pressed her mouth down on her cunt.  
     In the background, another blonde with small tits was getting creamed
by two guys, and then she knelt alongside the big titted blonde. The young
man finally shoved his cock up her ass hard, several times making her ass
cheeks ripple. He came deep in her asshole, and had to be pulled off of her
round little butt. The second blonde rolled the girl over and layed on top
of her, kissing her and drooling a mouthfull of cum that she'd been holding
into the blonde's mouth.  
     After they kissed, very wetly, the blondes both laughed and then
smiled at the camera. 
     The scene changed, showing everyone sitting around still naked, and
most everyone was sweaty, glistening, and limp.  Bodies were pressed
together for a group shot, and legs and arms intertwined.  The big titted
blonde was getting her tits sucked by a girl, and kissing the small titted
blonde at the same time. The movie finally ended with the blondes smiling
and letting cum run down their chins.  
     My girlfriend and I were both spent and limp. I'd cum like a hose on
her tits just after the young man came on the big titted blonde. Then I
fingerfucked her with three fingers until she came when the blonde kissed
the other blonde with a mouthfull. We'd fucked each other until the end of
the movie, cumming together when the blondes smiled and let the cum run
down their faces.   
     Look out Hollywood! There are some amateurs out there who know how to
make a hot movie! 
    
--
