Copyright  © 1997, Pedros,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.






                                                     VIDEO GAMES    
                                                           Part 2




                                       "Hey, Chris. You know what you said about you and Dennis?"
                                       "What?  When?"
                                       "You know. The other day when you were over my place. About you and Dennis, you know, doing things...sex stuff."
                                        "Oh, that. Yeah.  What about it?"
                                        The three young boys were sitting in one of the school’s shelters eating their lunch. The shelter was just a small, tin covered lean-to like a bus shelter, with open sides and a full length bench running along a back metal wall. I had seen them heading off towards this one, which was set away from the main area and near the scrub bordering the school and I had made my way unobtrusively around the yard until I had come up to it from behind. I now leant against the tree at the back of it, to all intents and purposes to any onlooker, watching the yard and students as though I was on yard-duty, but, in reality, listening to the conversation of the youngsters inside. They were unaware I was there.
                                      Jay had come to my office this morning just before recess time. My heart skipped when the youngster had poked his head around the doorway to see if I was there. My secretary had had to go to the bank so we were alone. I greeted him and he came in. As he walked across the office towards me, I could see him nude again, could see his naked body beneath his uniform, could see him moving around in the glare from the movie-lights just for me. There was an instantaneous movement in my pants. I think Jay was also remembering and visualising because he had a shy smile on his face and was blushing as he came around my desk to stand beside me. I noticed he had closed the door.
                                       I slipped my arm around his waist as he came up to me, allowing my hand to close over his buttock. He didn’t resist.
                                       "How are you, Jay? No worries about yesterday?"
                                        "No, Steve...er...I mean, Mr Donald.." he said.
                                        "Steve is okay, when there’s just you and me. Did you like what we did?" I slid my hand onto the bare skin at the top of his thigh. He was hot and smooth. I rubbed lightly up and down, my hand sliding in under the leg of his shorts.
                                       "I sure did. I thought about it all night." He giggled. "That tickles." He wriggled and my hand slid up under his shorts to his crotch. I closed over the front of his underpants. He was stiffening.
                                       "I thought about this all night, too," I said, taking his lengthening little penis between my finger and thumb. "And about you touching my penis and making me come. You certainly made an impact on me. young man. The video is terrific."
                                         "Can I see it? I forgot about that! I mean, I remembered, but the other stuff was even more exciting. I made myself come again last night. I thought about what we did and got a stiffy and I rubbed it like you did and made that stuff come out again. It wasn’t as much, though."
                                           "I guess you were all 'comed’ out. Your body needs time to make the semen. It still feels good, though, doesn’t it? I made myself come again, too, last night thinking about you. We must have been connected." I smiled up at him. "I’m looking forward to seeing this little fellow again." I gave his now hard penis a squeeze through the cloth of his underpants. "And I’d like to make it squirt again. Just for me."
                                         "Me too," Jay responded, his breath catching. "I’d like to see your’s again, too. And I really liked seeing your stuff coming out. Can we do it again on Saturday?"
                                         "If the boys you get are willing we can all do it. If not..."
                                         "I’ll ask Chris at lunch time. I reckon he’ll be in it. I hope so... What happens if he won’t? Will we still...?"
                                          I raised the leg of Jay’s shorts, exposing his white underpants. His hard shaft was visible through them. I pulled the leg-band aside and hooked my finger around his erection and eased it out from its covering. How hot and hard it felt! Jay gasped as I wrapped my hand around his penis leaving only the bright red glans exposed. I looked down at it. It looked raw and shiny and there was a stickiness to it that indicated he had been leaking. I touched the finger of my other hand to its tip, spreading the slit. He groaned and leaned in towards me. 
                                          "I don’t think I’ll be able to resist this," I said, my voice slightly husky. I leaned over and kissed the end, closing my lips over the slightly moist tip. His heat and taste immediately engulfed me and it was all I could do to stop myself from sliding my mouth over him completely. Jay cried out as I came down onto him and his hands clutched at my hair. I forced myself to let him go and sit back away from him. Jay looked flustered and embarrassed when I moved away from him and left him standing there with his erect penis poking out from under his shorts.
                                         "Hey, matey. I’m sorry. But we mustn’t do this here. It’s too dangerous. I’m sorry I got carried away. We’ll have to wait until we’re at my place. You’d better put yourself away."
                                          He fumbled himself back into his pants and smiled. "I really liked it when you sucked on me yesterday, Steve. I thought you were going to do it again. I think I’d like to try to do that to you. But I guess it isn’t the right time or place to do it. What if old Johnno saw!" He laughed his delightfully boyish giggle. 
                                           "She’d have a fit, wouldn’t she! You’ll just have to wait until Saturday. I can see I’ve created a monster here!"
                                           Jay looked at me, concern on his face. "What do you mean?" he asked.
                                           I laughed. "I mean I’ve turned you into a little sex maniac. When you came to my place yesterday you were innocent and shy. And now look at you. Wanting to touch me, letting me get your penis out, wanting me to suck you, wanting to suck me.... And in my office!"
                                            Jay blushed. "Yeah....I guess you have," he said. "Is it wrong? I mean...I like it. I’m sorry if..."
                                             I stood up and hugged him. "No, matey. It isn’t wrong to like sex. I guess many people see it wrong for you and me to have sex, which is why we must be careful, but I won’t ever do anything to hurt you or to upset you. When you are with me you can be as sexy as you like. You can do anything you like whenever you like. But only when we are at my place. Okay? I love you being a sex maniac for me."
                                            Jay hugged me back then we separated. "Okay, Steve. I’d better go. I’ll see Chris and let you know whether he and his brother will do it on Saturday or not."
                                           "Good. Don’t forget to let them know they can earn fifty or one hundred dollars each, depending on what they do."
                                           Jay laughed. "Hey! I’d forgotten about that. I’d do it for nothing, now I know what you want!"
                                           I laughed with him. "I might keep you to that!" I told him as he moved towards the door. "I hope you can convince Chris and his brother. I’ll look foward to hearing back. See you later."
                                           Jay had ducked back out of the office and it wasn’t until lunch break that I saw him again. He was walking over to the shelter with another boy around his same age. I guessed this was Chris. He was a slender youngster, dark, curly hair cut fairly short, nice looking face and he had an air of confidence about him as he walked. I hoped this was Chris. He was a cutie. The thought of getting to see him without clothes was very appealing. And if his brother was similar....!
                                          The two boys entered the shelter and I decided I’d like to hear their discussion so I made my way in a casual arc until I was leaning against the tree at the rear of the shelter, unseen and unnoticed by the boys inside. I realised there was another boy waiting for them but I couldn’t see him, only hear him talking. I guessed this was Chris’s brother.
                                        "Well what do you do?" Jay asked.
                                        The two boys laughed. "You want to join us?" one asked, his voice slightly deeper than Jay’s.
                                         "I might," Jay retorted. "Depends what you do."
                                          "You mustn’t tell anyone if we tell you," the other boy said. He sounded younger so I guessed this was Chris. "Promise?"
                                          "Yeah, Chris. I promise. I might tell you something, too, if you both promise not to tell anyone else."
                                          "Yeah? Okay, we promise, don’t we Dennis?"
                                           "Yeah. What are you going to tell us?"
                                            "You tell me first what you do. Then I’ll tell you some secret things."
                                            "We look at each other with no clothes on. You know, when we are stiff and that." Chris began. "Dennis can make stuff come out of his thing by rubbing it."
                                             "Yeah," Dennis said. "My cousin showed me how. Chris can’t do it yet, he doesn’t have any hair around his dick. But I can. It feels real good. Sometimes Chris rubs me and makes me come. Don’t you?"
                                              "Yeah. I like doing it, too. When I rub myself I get really tingly and my thing feels like it is going to do something, but nothing comes out. So I rub Dennis’s until he comes. He plays with me as well. We wrestle with nothing on and he likes to rub himself all over me. He even bites me on the dick!" Chris giggled.     
                                           I could tell by the excited tones of their voices that the three of them were getting aroused by their conversation. I guessed there were three little hard penises straining against shorts the other side of my hiding place. My own penis had stiffened listening and imagining the scenes described.
                                          "Do you really?" Jay asked Dennis. "What does it taste like?"
                                       "I didn’t bite a piece off!" Dennis laughed. "I just put it in my mouth and suck on it a bit. You mustn’t be too rough or it hurts too much."
                                        "I know that," Jay retorted. "Do you suck Dennis’s, Chris?"
                                         "Sometimes. His is really big. He’s got hair around it and his balls are big, too. Much bigger than mine. He squirts his stuff into my mouth sometimes. I like to taste it. I didn’t the first time, though."
                                        "I caught him by surprise. He was sucking on me and I just let go. He nearly choked, didn’t you, Chris?"
                                         "I just wasn’t expecting it. When you tell me you’re coming I don’t choke."
                                          "I know. Don’t get upset. Why all the questions, Jay? You want to try it?"
                                           "Maybe I do. Or maybe I’ve got something better in mind."
                                           "Something better than sucking on my dick?" Dennis chortled. "Ain’t nothing much better than that, hey, Chris?"
                                            "Don’t be a smart alec, Dennis. What did you have in mind, Jay?"
                                            "If I tell you, you have to swear not to say anything to anyone. Okay? Swear?"
                                            "Swear!" both boys answered at once. "Must be good," added Dennis. "I’m stiff already. You want to see it?"
                                             He must have poked it out of his shorts as he said it because Chris gave a yelp. "Put it away, Dennis! What if someone sees it? What if a teacher sees you? You’d be in real strife." He sounded quite anxious. How I wished I could see what was going on! But my time would come, I hoped.
                                              "I wouldn’t mind," Dennis replied. "There’s a couple of teachers who’d probably like to see it!" My heart jumped at that. What had Dennis noticed? Was it me? Had I done something to let him be aware of my interest in boys? "Old Macintyre for one," he continued. "He’s always trying to look at us in the changerooms after P.E.. And Miss Jenson. I reckon she’d grab it!" I smiled to myself at the image that conjured up. Dennis was probably right! But old Mac? That was of interest.
                                               "What about Mr Donald?" asked Jay. My heart did a back-flip this time! It was coming out. Jay was going to set it up for me. Now was make or break. I realised I was quite nervous.
                                                "I wouldn’t mind him seeing me," Dennis replied. "He’s okay. He’s nice looking. I’ve seen him looking at the boys a few times. I reckon he’d probably like to see it. Why? Would you let him see your’s?"  Wow! I felt myself flush. I wondered how many times kids spoke about us like this when we weren’t around.
                                                "You promise you won’t say anything?" Jay asked.
                                                "Yeah! We already promised," Chris said.
                                                 "Is this about Mr Donald?" Dennis said. He suddenly twigged. "You mean you...? You’ve let him see you? You’ve seen his?... Is that it?"
                                                 "You mustn’t say anything to anyone," Jay said.
                                                 "Wow!" Chris exclaimed. "You’ve seen Mr Donald’s thing? What’s it like? Big?"
                                               "He didn’t say that, stupid! Did you see his or did he see your’s?" Dennis asked, a note of eagerness in his voice. It was so strange to realise they were discussing me so intimately.
                                               "Both," stated Jay.
                                               "Really?! When?! How did you...? What did you do?" Both boys spoke at once, their voices suddenly lowering as they realised the import of Jay’s statement.
                                              "You mean you and Mr Donald showed each other your things? Did you undress together? Were you stiff? Was he stiff?" Chris’s questions tumbled out.
                                             "Did you touch him? Did he come? Did he touch...."
                                             "Hey! Not so fast. I’ll tell you about it 'cause it has to do with the offer I was going to make you earlier. Mr Donald will pay for us to strip off for him while he videos us. And he’ll give us more if we do other things."
                                              I held my breath. This was it. There was silence for a moment or two and I would have given anything to see what the boys’ reactions were. But I remained hidden. Finally Dennis broke the silence.
                                             "He’ll pay us to undress for him? How much?"
                                             "He wants us to dance. You know, do a striptease, while he videotapes us. Fifty bucks."
                                              "Fifty bucks!? Each? Just to undress and dance. Cor! I’ll be in that." Chris sounded excited.
                                               "What else does he want us to do? And how much extra will he pay?" Dennis asked.
                                               "He’ll give us another fifty if we touch ourselves. Or if we let him touch us and we touch him and,you know, do sexy stuff with him."
                                               "And you’ve already done this?"
                                               "Yesterday afternoon."
                                               "Wow! What did you do?"
                                               "I just took my clothes off while he recorded it. He played music while I did it. Then he took his pants off and touched me and I touched him and he came and he made me come. It was great. He’s a nice man. He was really kind. Didn’t do anything rough or nothing."
                                               "You touched his thing? While it was stiff? How big was it?" I was beginning to like Chris’s eagerness.
                                               "Its really big. I couldn’t reach around it. It was about this long." I would have loved to have seen the demonstrated length as both boys 'wowed’ again. "And it squirted lots of stuff out."
                                               "Did you make him come? Or did he do it to himself?"
                                               "I guess a bit of both. He rubbed my thing until I squirted, then I rubbed his and he came. Then he sucked mine and made me squirt into his mouth. Then he played with my feet and made himself come again. I think I came again while he was doing that. It was really exciting."
                                                 "Did he touch your bum? Did he try to stick his dick inside you?" Dennis was obviously aware of what men and boys sometimes did and I wondered how he knew these things. I wondered how old his cousin was that showed him how to masturbate and whether he and Dennis had done more than that. 
                                                  "No. Nothing like that. He touched me there but I think he liked my thing better. And my feet."
                                                 "Did you suck his?" Chris asked.
                                                 "No. I would have liked to but he moved down to my feet. I did taste the stuff that came out, though. It had a funny taste but I liked it."
                                                 "I like the taste of Dennis’s stuff, too. I wonder if everyone’s tastes the same?"
                                                  "You’ll be able to find out, won’t you?"
                                                  "You mean you’ll do it? Both of you?"
                                                  "I will. You’ll be in it, won’t you, Dennis?"
                                                  "You bet. I’d like to see Mr Donald’s old fellow. When?"
                                                   "On Saturday. At his place. I’ll let you know the time. But don’t say anything or it won’t be on."
                                                    "For a hundred bucks a piece we won’t say a word. Right, Chris?"
                                                 I’d heard what I had hoped for. I was tempted to have a sneak preview then and there, but it was too risky. Patience, my friend. Patience. I sneaked away from my hiding spot and headed back to my office, both hands in my pockets trying to conceal my erection. Saturday couldn’t come fast enough.

                                                             *************************

                                               By the time the boys arrived I had everything setup ready to go. The three of them came together, Jay looking excited and eager, the other two slightly nervous but both with an air of excitement and anticipation about them. Jay was wearing his usual shorts and t-shirt, as was Chris. Dennis had on an old pair of jeans and a tank-top. He had a muscly little physique and the tank-top set it off beautifully. They all had on sneakers but only Chris wore socks with his. I had decided to do as I had done on Wednesday and wear minimum covering to let the boys know straight away what was expected. My penis had been going up and down all morning in anticipation of the afternoon’s events and it had taken all my will-power not to put on Jay’s video and masturbate. I had wandered around the house and yard naked, as I usually did, doing my weekend chores, waiting for the hours to pass. My penis had not been less than semi-erect and was that when the boys rang the doorbell. I had slipped on my bathers and, not bothering to hide my arousal, opened the door to my three little performers.
                                               There were a few moments of awkwardness as the boys entered my house and introductions were made. We all sat down in the pit and I brought drinks out for us. All of them had difficulty keeping their eyes from my groin and I smiled inwardly. I walked around in front of them, feeling their eyes judging the shape and size of me under my nylon speedos, glancing away in embarrassment when they saw me looking at them. Except Jay. He just smiled and looked back at me. 
                                               The three of them sat on the lounge and I squatted on the floor in front of them on a cushion. It was another warm, sultry day and I had the airconditioner working on low keeping the room comfortable. It’s low hum in the background filled in any silences, putting the boys more at ease. I sat and looked at them in front of me, sitting like three young lads waiting for the headmaster ... which they were. But not for the usual reasons! Their nervousness was sexual, not the fear of a reprimand or a caning. They sat on the edge of the lounge, giggling every now and then, looking at the lights and camera set up behind me, looking at each other, looking at me.
                              I sat with my knees raised, my legs slightly spread. From my position on the floor, my eyes were just above the level of the boy’s knees and my gaze wandered along them as I drank. Jay and Chris sat directly in front of me, their legs apart. Dennis sat beside his brother, his knees together, his eyes never straying far from my groin. The crotch of his jeans bulged and I guessed he had an erection and got satisfaction from knowing that.
                              "So Jay’s told you what I expect this afternoon?" I finally said. "And you’re all willing?"
                               Three young heads nodded. "You want us to dance and undress," Chris said. "And you’ll give us fifty dollars. He said if we did other things, you’d give us fifty more."
                                "That’s exactly right. I will expect you to show me everything. You have to undress completely to get the fifty. And to earn the extra fifty I will expect you to get stiff penises and touch each other and let me touch you while you have nothing on. I’ll be undressed as well and I’ll certainly be stiff. So if any of that you don’t want, then now’s the time to say so." Talking like this excited me and my penis began to swell, tenting the front of my thin bathers. I made no move to hide it. They all saw it.
                                "Uh...I....I won’t chicken out, Mr...uh...Steve..."Chris stuttered, his eyes wide as he stared at me. His legs opened wider and I glanced at him. I could see up his right leg and realised I could see his testes through the leg of his shorts. The little guy wasn’t wearing underpants! He was certainly not going to be a problem. He seemed even more eager than Jay. 
                                Dennis was a bit more cautious though, and I remembered he was much more informed than his slightly more innocent younger brother. "What are you going to do to us?" he asked. "Are you going to try to stick that thing inside us?" He pointed towards my bulging bathers. "You’re not to hurt us. Any of us." He certainly had a fixation on that. I wondered again whether his cousin had done more than just show him how to masturbate. Or whether he had had other experiences.
                                 I turned towards him. "I certainly won’t do anything to hurt any of you, Dennis. And I won’t stick my penis into you or Chris or Jay. You only do what you really want to do. If it’s just rubbing yourself or if it’s touching or sucking on someone else, that’s all I want. That gets you your extra fifty."
                                 "He won’t hurt us. I told you that," Jay said indignantly. "I told you what Steve and I did and you agreed to be in it."
                                 "I just want to make sure we all know what’s what," Dennis said defensibly. "I still agree to do it. I’m actually looking forward to doing all those things."
                                 "You look like you’re all ready to, too," I said, looking at the bulge in his lap. He blushed and giggled, losing a lot of his teenage bravado and becoming more like the vulnerable and innocent boy I had hoped for.
                                  Chris also giggled and went red. "I’ll get shy doing those things with you. You’re really big..."
                                   I patted his leg. "I like little boys, Chris. Just ask Jay, here. You’re all going to do just fine and I’m sure you’ll have a fun time. And an exciting one. And you’ll be one hundred dollars richer!"
                                "Yeah!" they all chorused. "Let’s do it." Jay added and they looked at me.
                                 "I’m ready when you are," I said, standing up. My penis had begun to go down but there was still a sizeable tent in the front of my bathers. I adjusted myself as I turned towards the video. 
                                  "Are’nt you going to take your bathers off now, Steve?" Jay asked.
                                   "Not yet, buddy. I want to concentrate on you guys. I reckon I’d distract us all if I did now. There’ll be plenty of time later."
                                   The three lads had stood up and I went over to the stereo after turning on the video. "You know where to do the dancing, Jay. Go onto the upper floor Chris and Dennis. Follow Jay."
                                     "Okay," I continued when they were standing side by side on the polished wood floor. "Just let yourselves go. Do what you want. If you want to touch someone, do it. If you get touched, don’t flinch away. Let that person touch you anywhere. Don’t worry if your penis gets hard. I want that to happen. Don’t be shy or embarrassed by anything that goes on. Okay?"
                                     They all nodded, but they all still managed to look a little nervous and apprehensive now that the time had come. Even Jay. It was perfect for me. I turned on the stereo and started the tape. It was the same one I had used with Jay on wednesday. It was my favourite piece of music and hearing it while boys undressed was like heaven to me. The music began, filling the room with rhythm and sound. I went back to the camera and looked through the viewfinder. 
                                      It took a couple of minutes before the three of them began to lose their self-consciousness and let themselves forget the person next to them. Jay knew what I wanted and took the lead. The others swayed awkwardly for a while, watching him, before getting into their own rhythm. Before long they were swaying and twisting, doing their own dance and beginning to enjoy the exhibition they were giving. I made comments of encouragement until they were settled in then concentrated on filming.
                                     I focused firstly on Chris. He was around Jay’s age, maybe a little younger. He had a cherubic face, rounded and freckled, topped by short cropped dark hair, limpid dark-brown eyes that were like a young calf’s with long dark lashes, a little button nose and full lips. His skin was smooth and pale, his cheeks flushed. I didn’t know whether their colouring was natural, or whether he was blushing under my scrutiny. He was looking at the camera so knew I was filming him. He wriggled more energetically, shaking his hips and stamping softly with his feet.
                                    I panned slowly down his body. His tee-shirt had come out of his waistband and it’s floppy shape concealed his body beneath. He was slightly built, though, and I looked forward to the delight of soon seeing his upper body bare. I continued my downward journey, pausing as his groin filled the view-finder. His shorts were slightly thread-bare, a result of frequent washings and constant wearings I guessed, knowing the poor financial situation of his single mother. Because of their thinness, and Chris’s shaking and stamping, I could make out his penis jiggling around beneath them, unconfined by underpants. It was as though he was poking around in his pants with his finger. His penis looked to be quite long and large for a boy his age. It jiggled from one side of the central seam in his shorts to the other and almost reached down to the edge of his leg openings when he stamped his feet. His testes made twin bumps in the crutch of his shorts, moving in time with his penis. It was extremely erotic and I felt myself firming once again in response.
                                     I followed Chris’s legs down, over his slim thighs, smooth and golden toned, over his rather knobby knees, down his shins to finally focus on his feet, encased in a pair of the local football team’s coloured sports socks, bunched around the ankles, and a worn pair of sneakers. As I zoomed in on his feet, Chris stopped stamping and kept his feet on the floor, rocking from one to the other in time to the music. I glanced up at him and saw him watching me. He had realised I was filming his feet and was keeping them still for me. Jay must have spoken to him about my predilection for them and he was complying for me. I was getting to really like this boy!
                                     I went back to the view-finder, now filled with Chris’s feet. Then his hands appeared and he began undoing his laces, tugging open each shoe as he undid them. He squatted down on his haunches as he worked on the laces and I panned out slightly to fit more of him on screen. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. 
                                    Squatting like he was had pulled his shorts tight and his penis had fallen out of the stretched leg opening. It dangled like a thick worm from beneath the material, almost touching the floor a few inches below him. He was much bigger than I had thought possible for a boy his age. He was uncircumcised and his foreskin completely covered his glans like Jay’s, but it was longer and came to a puckered point about a quarter of an inch beyond the end of his shaft. His penis was at least four inches long and thicker than my middle finger. It was slack, squeezed flat where it protruded from under the leg opening, and swinging loosely beneath him. I didn’t know whether he was aware of himself being exposed like that. He gave no indication that he was. He was concentrating hard on getting his shoelaces untied and his shoes removed.
                                      My penis was now erect, my bathers jutting formidably. My concentration went back to Chris’s feet. He had managed to get his laces untied and slowly eased the sneaker off his right foot. He slid it along the length of his foot, drawing it gradually from off his toes. He placed it in front of him then took hold of his sock-covered foot in both hands, squeezing and rubbing the ball and toes as though to ease them after the confine of the sneakers. He massaged his way back to the heel and around the ankle. 
                                    His penis dangled behind his wrist and he must have suddenly realised he was exposed as he let go of his foot and tried to put himself back under his shorts. I brought the field of vision back out, not taking my eyes from the viewfinder until Chris was fully visible. He was looking at me as he attempted to cover himself, a look of uncertainty coming onto his face when he saw me still concentrating on him. He couldn’t help but have also noticed the swollen state of my organ and he took his hand away from himself, allowing his boyhood to remain exposed. And I suddenly realised it was hardening, beginning to fill up, forcing against the constriction of the legband of his shorts!
                                     I looked over the top of the camera and winked at the youngster to let him know he was doing fine and was rewarded with a blush and a shy smile. I glanced at Jay and Dennis. They were both dancing and watching me. Neither of them had begun to undress. They could see me concentrating on Chris. I didn’t know whether they could see everything I could of Chris or whether they realised he was becoming aroused, but they certainly knew of my state and both grinned and looked down at me when I caught their eye. I smiled back at them and bent back down to the viewfinder, adjusting myself into a more comfortable position in my speedos. My penis was rock hard and made a solid ridge inside my bathers from the groin to the side where it forced the material away from my skin allowing it to be visible either side of the narrow strip of nylon. It felt highly erotic for me to let myself be exposed like this in front of the three youngsters and my excitement was increased each time I knew they were looking at it.
                                      I panned out a fraction more until Chris was fully in sight, squatting there, penis hardening, fully dressed and in his socks. He was looking at me and I waved for him to continue undressing. I could just see Dennis and Jay either side of Chris and they still had not begun to undress but kept swaying in rhythm to the music. Chris switched his attention from me back to himself.
                                      He remained squatting and began raising his tee-shirt. I filmed him slowly tugging it up over his body, exposing first his stomach, then his chest and pale nipples and finally dragging it over his head to leave his upper body bare. He was fair skinned and slender, his rib bones clearly visible and very little muscle or fat. He was a little skinny, but not unattractively so. His nipples were like his penis, larger than I would have thought for such a young boy. They were almost womanish, a large, darker-hued aureole with a well-defined protruding nipple jutting up from their centre. My eyes travelled down his body to his navel, almost invisible because of the way he was squatting, his stomach muscles folding over it. But then he stretched his arms above his head, firming his entire upper body and belly. His navel was deep-set, a half-moon of skin folding over the top of it, accenting the deepness of the indent. His shorts were low across his hips and his skin was the same even paleness as his chest and this drew attention to his shadowed belly button.
                                   Looking at his lower body, my eyes were drawn once more to his penis, still exposed beneath his shorts. It was now fully erect, its firmness making a tunnel underneath the tight leg opening. It was pointed directly at me, its blind eye exposed to my sight. It had not grown much longer or thicker as it had stiffened, only enough to draw his foreskin back behind the tip of his glans. Most of his glans was still covered by his hood. I could see that the foreskin appeared to be quite tight, and seemed to pull open the slit in his penis. My fingers twitched at the thought of gently peeling that satiny skin back to fully expose the little boy’s glans. How sweet it would taste in my mouth!
                                    Fortunately movement brought my attention back to the videotaping and prevented me from losing myself to my desires and maybe spoiling what I knew was to come later. I was so excited, though, and realised I was very close to climaxing, my penis sticky with its pre-sex lubricant. I glanced down and the thin strip of material holding my penis against me was dark with absorbed semenal fluid.  I wondered if the boys noticed it. I hoped they did.
                                    When I looked back through the camera, Chris had begun easing his shorts downwards. He had rocked forward to rest on his knees, squatting back on his heels. He had drawn the shorts under his buttocks and I held my breath as he slowly drew them down his thighs. His lower belly and pubes were an even paler shade of his over-all creamy whiteness. How soft he looked. He was hairless, his skin powdery white, his stiff rod pressed downward under his shorts and only the tendons at its base visible to me as yet. Slowly the shaft was exposed as the shorts were dragged lower. He was extremely well-endowed for such a young boy and my eyes were riveted to its tantalising exposure.
                                       Suddenly it sprang upright, slapping him across his belly, and then standing proudly erect in my sight. It was like a miniature minaret, the encasing foreskin giving the entire length a smoothness I had not seen before. I had only ever seen penises erect with the flare of the glans fully exposed, like a plum or a mushroom on the end of a stalk. Chris’s glans was still encased tightly in skin and the ridge of it was a smooth bulge near the top of the long tube of his penis. The tiny part of the tip that was exposed was a bright pink, its slit a dark red slash. It looked wet and shiny.
                                        Chris continued to remove his shorts while my eyes feasted on his genitals. His testes came into sight. They were still quite small compared to the size of his penis. They looked like two pigeon eggs, resting in their snug fitting scrotum. His ball-sac was soft, but still held quite close to his body, not hanging below the curving ridge running from his groin to his anus. A dark brown line traversed this ridge, very noticeable because of the whiteness of his flesh, and it could also be seen running up the middle of his scrotum, although it was not as intensely coloured, before becoming a part of the flesh of his penis. His testicles jiggled as Chris wriggled his shorts around his knees, still trying to keep some sort of dancing motion going, although this was extremely difficult in the position he was in.
                                          Finally he had to give up and sat down on the floor to pull his shorts completely off. Dennis and Jay had danced their way to close beside and slightly behind him, almost touching his bare buttocks with their sneaker-covered feet.
Chris removed his shorts and threw them off to the side then leaned back on straight arms, his body naked but for his white socks. His penis stood upright and he looked down at it. His feet were towards the camera and he spread his legs to allow me to film up between them. The little guy was truly enjoying teasing me and the other boys and delighting in showing himself off.
                                            Then Jay got into the act. He gently brought his foot over Chris from behind and pushed the youngster’s penis towards the camera. Then Dennis, who must have seen what Jay was doing, did the same from his side. I zoomed in, my heart beginning to pound. My viewfinder was filled with the sight of this beautiful penis being nudged and teased by two sneaker-encased feet. Chris giggled and allowed the boys to play with him, leaning farther back to allow them unimpeded access to his organ. 
                                             I moved the camera lower on the tripod until I was almost level with the floor, keeping it focused up between Chris’s spread legs. Jay and Dennis caressed all around the youngster’s groin with their feet, running up and down the length of his shaft and nudging his testicles. I noted they were being extremely gentle, making sure they did not hurt or graze Chris’s tender young flesh. Chris’s eyes watched his brother’s and his friend’s feet fondling him and I could see they were somewhat glazed, his mouth slightly open and the tip of his tongue just protruding. He was a picture of young lust, enjoying everything that was being done to him. 
                                         He lowered himself back onto his elbows and slowly raised his knees, keeping his legs spread and bringing his sock-covered feet back near his buttocks. What an erotic sight he made! He could now reach his feet with his hands and he slowly took hold of each sock and began easing them down, pulling them below his ankles and under his heels. Then he rolled each sock simultaneously down his feet and off, flicking them away from himself and baring his feet to my gaze.
                                         I could hardly contain myself. My penis felt rock-hard and tingly and I truly felt I was capable of coming without the slightest touch, just from the purely visual spectacle presented before me. I gazed at Chris’s feet. His heels were touching his buttocks and his testes rested between them. His penis was framed by the blue denim of Jay’s sneakers on the left and and the black and white Reeboks of Dennis on the right. And each of them slid every few moments along the groove of Chris’s groin to touch against his testes before returning to his penis, all in time with the music.
                                           Chris’s toes were like his penis, longer than I had expected and as slender as fingers. His big toes were even almost shaped like his penis, the bulge of his knuckles similar to the bulge of his coronal rim under the tight foreskin. His nails were pink and clean, well manicured and trimmed. I wondered whether he had cut and cleaned them because he knew of my interest. Somehow, I thought he had. Chris’s other toes had a slight inward lean to them, each one very slightly overlapping its neighbour. His little toes in particular tended to want to hide beneath the toe next to it.
                                           Chris took hold of each foot and ran his fingers around and between each toe, spreading them and rubbing the thin flesh between them. He wriggled them up and down and massaged the fleshy underparts before moving over their nails and up his feet, passing around his ankles and onto his groin. While he lowered his feet back towards me, he ran his hands up his groin, around his penis and onto Jay’s and Dennis’s shoes. I zoomed out slightly, bringing more of Jay and Dennis into the picture as Chris tugged their shoelaces undone.
                              I also began carefully moving over to the steps with the camera still attached to the tripod. I wanted to move onto the upper level with the boys as their actions became more sexual. I kept focused on them as I made my way up the steps and set up again just to the side and slightly in front of where they were performing. The three of them watched me, not ceasing their swaying. 
                             Jay and Dennis began to strip as soon as I had resettled the camera, while Chris reclined naked between them, his hands resting on their feet which they had removed from his lap. He was looking up at them as they danced, his penis rock-hard and sticking up above his flat belly, almost reaching to his navel. It twitched with each beat of his heart it was so hard.
                             The three of them were now in the view-finder and I glued my eyes to it. My penis had softened slightly during my concentration on getting up to the upper level and was again completely covered within my bathers. The damp spot from my leakage had increased in size, however, and now almost covered one side of the material. Turning my attention back solely on the three youngsters immediately invoked a response and my penis hardened once again, straining against the confines of my speedos, bulging out from behind the narrow strip of cloth. It would not be too long before I would remove my covering and let the boys see and touch me, but, at the moment, I got a sense of satisfaction from being partially exposed like I was.
                             Jay and Dennis were removing their tops, all the while their eyes were fixed on my lower body. I watched Dennis slowly exposing his young body for me, raising his tee-shirt over his muscly, tanned upper belly and chest. He did it in one fluid motion and I gazed at the flesh revealed. His chest was nicely developed, defined ridges of muscles running down onto his belly. His nipples were large and dark set on the fleshy plates of his breast, their centres erect and lighter in colour. His shoulders were broad for his age, the sinews and muscles rippling as he raised his arms to remove his shirt. His underarms were as bare as his chest. He flicked the shirt away and brought his arms down, laying his palms flat against his chest , covering his nipples. He rubbed over them in slow circles, gradually lowering his hands until they were at the waistband of his jeans. He swivelled his hips erotically, thrusting forward in time with the music.                   
                                 Jay, by this time, had removed his top as well and his slender young body, familiar and yet still highly erotic and attractive to me, was once again in my sight. The small pale nipples, so different to Dennis and Chris, the almost fleshless chest itself, tanned a wonderful golden colour but immature and thin and his boyish shoulders and arms, so unlike Dennis’s. Their contrasts heightened my desire for them all. Jay was slowly lowering his shorts, pushing them down below his hips, the white strip of skin covered by his bathers around his lower belly coming in to view. He was wearing pale blue underpants, bikini style. His shorts moved lower until Jay held them at the top of his thighs. He was still swaying in time with the music and he let them go and they dropped around his feet, leaving him standing there in only his bikini. 
                              He had none of the shyness of last Wednesday. I could see quite clearly he was erect inside his underpants, his little penis sticking out solidly, poking the front of his briefs outwards. He made no move to hide it but continued swivelling his hips and turning from side to side. He lifted his feet as he danced to enable Chris to remove the shorts from around them, which the youngster did, tossing them away to the side of the room. Chris’s eyes never left the two boys dancing above him, his hands still resting on their feet, and he stayed as he was, leaning back on his elbows, sprawled naked on the floor.
                              My attention went back to Dennis, who had undone the button on his jeans and pulled down his fly. He had his arms above his head and was dancing with his jeans gaping at the front making a V from just above his pubes. Almost the whole of his flat belly was exposed and it was as hairless as his upper body, but I could see a wispy shadow of pubic hair at the very base of the V.  As he wriggled his hips, his jeans slipped slowly lower and I realised he, like his brother, wasn’t wearing underpants. The base of his penis became visible, a thick white tube of flesh gradually being exposed as his pants descended. I zoomed in on the sight, my excitement building.
                              He and Chris most certainly had had the same father ... and he must have been very well endowed. Dennis was almost as big as me, even though he couldn’t have been older than thirteen! His pubic hair was a sparse blonde fluff just at the base of his penis indicating the first stage of maturation, but the organ being slowly exposed was as thick and long as that of a mature man! He was semi-erect and the firmness of his penis kept his jeans from coming down, its shape visible beneath the denim.
                              Chris ran his hands up Dennis’s sneaker and tugged at the cuff of his jeans, causing them to ride over the boy’s penis and drop around his ankles. There it was! In all its youthful glory. I gasped as I saw it and kept the camera focussed in as it slowly raised upright. Dennis was circumcised, his glans like a red helmet on the top of his thick, white shaft, swelling as his organ stiffened. My own penis popped out of the top of my bathers, standing stiff and solid in response to the sight before me. Dennis continued to sway, his penis rising higher and swinging in front of him with his movements until it stuck firmly upright. The tip looked shiny and wet and I wondered whether it was just the lighting or whether he was leaking pre-cum. Knowing he was able to ejaculate and did so frequently, I guessed he was leaking. His glans filled my viewfinder and I feasted my eyes on its perfect shape. I imagined my tongue stroking around the smooth rim, sliding over the velvet cap and delving into the red slit in its centre. I could taste the sweetness of his juices already and my penis ached. I slowly panned the camera down his hard shaft, along the swollen urethral ridge to the curving base. His testicles now commanded my attention and I got another surprise. 
                             Dennis’s testes were also man-size and dangled heavily in their soft pouch. They were smooth and shiny in the bright light, completely hairless and pale pink in colour. To see adult genitals on the youngster was extremely exciting and I longed to touch this boy. I felt like I was in heaven with the three boys before me. Their contrasting sizes, shapes and stages of development covered all of my fantasies. And they were all smooth-bodied!
                             I zoomed out from my closeup of Dennis’s testes to see what was happening with Chris and Jay. Jay had slid his underpants down and Chris was removing them from around his feet. Chris had also removed Dennis’s jeans while I was concentrating on the lad’s treasures and both dancing boys were now naked but for their sneakers. Jay’s delightful boyish organs bounced as he moved, his little penis stiff, its head fully exposed from his foreskin and pointing towards me, his testes  hanging between his smooth thighs. All three boys seemed to have forgotten about me and the camera. They all seemed to be caught up by the music and their interactions. Chris was gazing up at the two boys above him, his eyes flicking from Jay’s genitals to Dennis’s. He had a hand on each of their feet beside him, rubbing from them across his bare hips to stroke up his own stiff penis. Jay’s gaze was fixed on Dennis’s erection as it swayed before him, almost brushing against him as they rocked from side to side. Dennis was looking down at himself and his brother, a slight smile on his lips. His hip movements were becoming more and more erotic, more thrusts rather than sways and I realised he was imagining Chris or Jay’s, or maybe even my, mouth upon his penis.
                               I saw Chris move and returned my attention to him. He had turned slightly towards his brother, putting both hands upon his right sneaker and was undoing the laces. At the same time, he had inclined his head towards his brother’s thrusting erection and Dennis was lowering himself as he thrust his hips so that his penis brushed against the top of Chris’s head. I concentrated on his hands on Dennis’s feet.
                               He unlaced the sneaker and began to slowly remove it from his brother’s foot, easing it down behind the heel then withdrawing it from off the foot. Dennis’s pale young foot was slowly exposed to me and it was beautiful. His foot was long and slender, the tendons prominent on the upper slope, faint blue veins visible under the thin skin. There was a slight bulge outwards just before his big toe and his toes were slim and beautifully formed, the nails clean and trimmed. Dennis flexed his toes as I was watching and Chris took them in his hand and began stroking between them, massaging them after the sweaty confine of the shoe. He then brought the bare foot over to his lap, spreading Dennis’s big and fourth toes and placing them around his stiff penis, the foot resting in the groove of his groin. 
                               How erotic it looked, Chris’s wonderfully smooth erection with its slightly protruding glans sticking upright between Dennis equally smooth toes. The older boy caressed his brother’s organ with his toes as the youngster began to undo the other sneaker. He removed his foot to take his weight as Chris drew the shoe slowly off his left foot and then placed his right foot back into his brother’s lap, taking his penis between his toes again. I was struck again by the beauty of the boy’s feet. In spite of the fact I knew he was a very active lad in sports and school teams, his feet were smooth and unblemished, the skin quite pale and creamy looking. The sight of it against his brother’s tanned thigh and with the darker skinned penis coming up between the pale toes, was really exciting me.
                              My gaze turned from one erotic sight to the other, from Dennis’s erection stroking across Chris’s hair, from Jay’s wonderfully immature stiffness jiggling above his soft scrotum, from Chris’s hand caressing Dennis’s naked foot, from Dennis’s foot masturbating his brother’s penis and I slowly pushed my bathers down, allowing my own painfully stiff erection to be free.
                              I heard Dennis gasp and glanced up at his face, taking my eye from the viewfinder. He was staring at my penis, his tongue wetting his lips, his face a picture of young lust. I looked down at him, at his penis swiping through Chris’s hair and I could see the damp trail being left from his leaking slit. He was very close to climaxing from the look of him.
                              I left the video running by itself, checking to ensure the three boys were all clearly visible in the viewfinder, and moved around to join them. I knew it would be only a short time before those of us that could ejaculate would be doing so, the atmosphere in the room was so erotically charged.
                             Both Jay and Dennis watched me as I came towards them. Or rather, they both watched my penis as I came towards them. I stopped beside Jay, my organ just touching his hip. He turned slightly and, with no hesitation, brought his hand to my glans and pressed me downwards until my penis touched the tip of his. His touch was electric, sending tingles through to my testes. He rubbed my large crown over his much smaller one, smearing my pre-cum around him and I very nearly came. But it wasn’t time yet and I put my hand on his to stop him, smiling at him to let him know it was okay. I could see Dennis watching us closely and I could see his fingers twitching as though he wanted to do what Jay was doing.
                              I knelt down, my face level with Jay’s penis. I couldn’t resist leaning forward and taking the tip of it into my mouth. He clutched my head convulsively as I took just the velvet knob between my lips, tasting myself as well as his freshness as I swirled around him with my tongue. How delightful it was to have his hardness in my mouth again and to savour our mingled flavours, but there was more for me and I lingered only momentarily. Giving his penis a final suck I released him and pressed my lips to his groin, nudging his testes as I pressed against his smooth flesh, running my lips along the clearly defined tan line from his bathers. Then I slid down his firm thigh to his knee, bending over so my own penis touched against my chest and I felt its heat on my sweat-cooled skin.
                             I was aware that both Chris and Dennis had ceased activity and were watching Jay and me. Chris had his hand resting on the foot Dennis still had in his lap, his fingers softly stroking the tip of his penis sticking up between Dennis’s toes. Dennis had his penis now lying against his brother’s cheek, the large organ swollen and red, a clear bead of fluid at its tip. It was pointed directly at me and I was looking forward to sucking it very soon. But I had something more important to do before then.
                          I slid my lips down Jay’s hairless shins to his ankles, the smell of his sneakers filling my nostrils as I pressed my mouth over the ankle bone. My hands cupped around his shoe, my fingers undoing the laces. I was hunched over, my buttocks in the air, my penis squashed between my thighs and my body, my testicles dangling. I was aware of my exposure to the three boys and that heightened my excitement. 
                           I undid the laces on Jay’s blue sneakers and began easing the right one off his foot. I was immediately intoxicated with the smell of him, and the sight of his foot being exposed to my eyes. My other hand followed the shoe’s path along his foot, caressing and squeezing the slightly damp flesh as it was uncovered. The feel of Jay’s firm flesh, the tendons and bones beneath my fingers, and the aroma of his foot was overwhelming. My mouth followed my hands, my tongue licking across his foot, reaching under to taste the flesh of his sole, sliding down to the raised tendons before his toes, then finally to the toes themselves. As I removed his shoe completely I took the end of his foot in both hands, raising it so I could slide my mouth over and taking all of his toes into me. I lavered them with my tongue, between each toe, under the firm ball of each one, across his manicured nails, around the fleshy parts of his foot. Having Jay’s foot in my mouth was even more exciting than having his beautiful little boy-sex. 
                            I was only dimly aware that the dance music had ceased and a soft, melodic instrumental tune now played. I was also only dimly aware of movement around me, so taken was I by my young lover’s feet. His other foot was under my chest and I eased back slightly to attend to it, releasing his left foot from my mouth and placing it gently back on the floor. I felt warm hands on my buttocks, then gave an involuntary gasp as my testes were softly held and I realised only Chris and Jay were in front of me. I looked back between my thighs and saw Dennis kneeling on the floor behind me, his hands holding my testicles, feeling their size and weight and looking at me exposed so intimately before him. One of his hands moved to the base of my penis and his fingers wrapped around it. He didn’t move them but held me firmly. I was almost coming and I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer.
                               I slowly removed Jay’s other shoe, aware now of Chris’s feet alongside Jay’s. I began fondling Chris’s nearest foot, feeling how much cooler his skin was to Jay’s and he moved it closer to make it easier for me to touch him. My mouth pressed onto Jay’s foot as I uncovered it, my tongue licking his skin, tasting his sweat and smelling his wonderful aroma. Again, I moved down to his toes, giving each one in turn the attention of my lips and tongue. I sucked each long toe, my lips slipping up between them to take them fully into my mouth. I was struck again at how similar they felt in my mouth to his hard penis, they had the same tight feel about them as his shaft. Jay’s nails were soft and smooth, similar in texture to my tongue as his velvety smooth glans. I licked him, lapping at his toes and foot, covering them with my saliva and licking from one foot to the other.
                                Chris withdrew his foot from under my hand and moved it between Jay’s and bringing his other foot alongside Jay’s left one. The two boys must have been standing holding each other, their feet were so close but I didn’t look up. Dennis had begun to run his fingers along my erection, reaching under my body to reach my glans whilst still holding my testes and gently tugging on them. I could feel my climax coming and I pressed my mouth onto Chris’s foot, sliding my tongue over his toes and across Jay’s and back. I raised my buttocks and spread my thighs to allow Dennis total access to me and I think he realised I was going to come as he began to rub my penis more rhythmically. 
                                I couldn’t help the moan that came as I erupted. Nor the grunts that accompanied each spasm of my body. My lips were pressed to the boys’ feet beneath me and I felt my spray strike me and them. My tongue swived over their feet and toes as my fluids spurted in uncontrollable bursts and I knew the boys realised I was coming. They both leaned over to watch my penis discharge and Dennis rubbed around the glans, squeezing tightly to milk each eruption to its fullest. I had no control. It was the same as when I was with Jay on Wednesday. Instead of my normal couple of spurts then dribble, my ejaculation was powerful and intense. For almost half a minute my semen sprayed out in several forceful spurts, streaking across the floor, my upper body and the boys’ feet beneath me. I clenched their feet, pressing my mouth over their big toes, sucking them as my body spasmed, nipping the hard flesh with my teeth.
                               Finally my climax ended and my body began to relax. My penis was still hard and sensitive to Dennis’s gentle stroking and I knew it would not be long before I would come again. I didn’t feel the over-sensitivity or loss of desire that comes with satiation but rather just the release of an almost unbearable tension that left me in a highly erotic and sensual state. 
                               I slowly lifted my face from the boys’ feet, looking up under myself to the boy behind me. Dennis had his head resting on my calf, his eyes fixed on my penis, watching his fingers stroking and fondling the hard flesh and smearing the remnants of my fluids over the swollen crown. His other hand cupped my testes, gently holding them almost unconsciously. It felt wonderful. He was lying on the floor, his body stretched out behind Chris and Jay.
                              I turned my head to look up at the two boys standing above me. They were hugging each other, their nude bodies touching from the hips upwards. Their penises jutted stiffly outwards, Jay’s sweet young erection dwarfed by Chris’s. In spite of its lack of size, though, Jay’s penis was so beautifully formed it was even more desirable to me.
                            I raised myself up, my face becoming level with the two hard shafts and I looked at them both in close-up. Jay’s glans was so smooth and shiny, swollen by the tightness of his foreskin and a deep red in colour. A glistening little droplet of clear fluid sat at its tip. His penis pulsated in time with his heartbeat. Chris’s erection was almost as beautiful, the glans like a shy creature hiding beneath the covering foreskin, just its eye peeking out. The skin of his glans was as shiny and as red as Jay’s, but the skin covering his larger penis was darker. Their testes hung in their soft sacks and I raised my hands to cup each of them. Both boys jumped as I touched them and they both looked down at me. I leaned a little forward and touched my tongue to the end of Jay’s penis, taking the bead of his essence from it into my mouth. At my touch, Jay jerked and clutched at my head. The length of his boyhood thrust into my mouth, my nose banging his belly. I pressed my mouth and tongue along his hot little shaft, once more enthralled by the taste and feel of my young lover.
                            Chris watched for a moment and then I felt his penis nudging at my lips, also wanting entry into my mouth. I relaxed my suction on Jay and felt the larger organ slowly ease its way in alongside the smaller one. Chris’s taste immediately became obvious to me, a much stronger flavour than Jay’s sweetness. It certainly was not unpleasant and I ran my tongue over the smooth, foreskin covered glans, his creamy discharge making the end of his penis slippery, wonderfully slimy. His glans was large and I enjoyed squeezing it between my tongue and the roof of my mouth, at the same time feeling Jay’s solid little rod pressed against it. As I sucked, I could tell each of their tastes and each of their textures. 
                            I gently fondled their testes as I pleasured them both with my mouth and was rewarded with a fresh burst of their flavours. I knew  Jay was close to a climax and I was looking forward to feeling his beautiful penis jerking and tasting his sweet fluids; and, as I fondled Chris’s testes and felt the size of them compared to Jay’s, I couldn’t believe that the youngster had never experienced a climax. He seemed to be extremely excited, his hips pushing himself jerkily into my mouth and when I glanced upwards I saw both boys kissing each other and holding each other tightly, their eyes closed. I began sucking in earnest, drawing my lips backwards and forwards along their solid shafts and suctioning around the softer glans, pressing them up against the roof of my mouth as I moved. They both gave muffled groans and I could see their smooth bellies tensing up, the muscles tightening beneath the taut pale skin, their young veins showing faintly through that paleness.
                            I became aware of movement beneath me and looked down. I saw that Dennis had moved between me and the two boys, still lying on the floor behind them, but wrapped around Jay’s legs, his face over their feet. From his movements I realised he was licking my semen from their feet and I moved slightly to ensure the camera recorded everything that was going on clearly. I was side-on to the camera and knew it would be filming me and the two lads I was fellating, but I eased my knees back to ensure they did not block the sight of Dennis at their feet. My penis was still solidly sticking straight out in front of me, a creamy dollop of my sperm drying on its tip. It was only millemetres from Dennis’s head; if he turned towards me it would almost poke him in the eye! Another groan from Chris drew my attention back to the boys before me.
                            Their movements had become more intense, both of them thrusting their penises hard into my mouth. They had each grabbed my head and I could feel their fingers clenching.  Then suddenly Chris yelped and he pushed himself hard against me, his long penis sliding to the back of my throat. He stiffened and held still and I realised he was going to have his first ejaculation. I could feel his penis swelling and beginning to pulsate, the twitching very noticeable against the sensitive skin of my mouth. Jay was still sliding his erection in and out, its length rubbing along his friend’s shaft, no doubt adding to Chris’s sensations.
                               Then Chris gave another cry, his fingers clenched at my hair and I felt the first spurt of his semen burst into my mouth. In rapid succession, his penis squirted his fluids into me, some of the discharge running straight down my throat, causing me to swallow. But I managed to retain most of his semen in my mouth, coating both boys with the sticky cream. His taste was much stronger than Jay’s, like salty eggwhite; and his texture was quite different, more like an adult’s, with strands of thicker sperm within the more watery fluids. I could feel his climax through my hand as well, could feel the pulsating of each squirt through the jerking of the two testes I held and deeper inside him where my fingers pressed. The boy was moaning as he came and I could feel him sagging as his legs trembled from the sensations he was experiencing. 
                                And then my other young lover began to come. My mouth filled with the sweetness of Jay’s liquids as his little penis reached its limit and began erupting. Chris’s climax was ebbing and I felt every squirt from Jay, his lighter,warm semen tasting much sweeter than his friend’s and much smoother. I sucked gently and rhythmically on the boys, drawing every drop of their essence into my mouth. I realised that Jay was discharging much more than he had last Wednesday. It seemed as though, once begun, his fluid production had increased rapidly. I guess as a result of his masturbating over the past couple of days as well. I looked forward to being able to share that pastime with him in the future. His young penis jerked and throbbed as it emptied itself into me. I gently squeezed his scrotum, tugging down softly on his testicles and pressing my fingers against the smooth ridge behind them. Jay clutched my hair in response, his penis twitching and spurting more of his juice into my mouth. I seemed to be filled with the boys’ fluids, as it mixed with my saliva. I wanted to hold it, to savour it as long as I could, before swallowing.
                      Chris had ceased his climax and his penis had softened slightly from its rigid state but was still large and firm and still in my mouth. Jay’s climax was ebbing, his penis also beginning to lose its stone-like hardness. As they relaxed, I was able to run my tongue over and around them, enjoying the slippery feel of their organs coated with their emmissions. They were both pressed in against me, their bellies touching my nose, one hand in my hair, the other around each other. I released their testes and slid my hands around their firm bare hips, letting them rest in the crease between their thigh and buttock, my fingers curving around those wonderful globes. I slowly drew back from their penises, allowing first Jay’s, then Chris’s, to be released from my mouth. They were both still stiff, bobbing upwards as they emerged, both very red from my sucking, and both very wet and shiny from their coating of sperm and saliva. My mouth was sticky with their fluids, which, now that their penises were no longer inside, I realised was not as much as I had previously thought, but certainly enough to bring me much pleasure. 
                        Suddenly I felt my own penis enclosed in warmth. I looked down and saw that Dennis had turned towards me and had taken the end of my erection into his mouth. He could only fit the glans in and he held it still inside himself. Then I felt his tongue slide its way around my swollen knob, touching underneath the rim, along the split on its underside, finally ending up at my slit. 
                         Jay and Chris slowly squatted down, their eyes fastened on Dennis as he ministered to my organ. My hands slid up their bodies as they lowered, ending up around their necks. They squatted with their legs spread, their feet together, their boy jewels openly exposed to my eyes. I slid my hand down their chests, both had stiff nipples that received a little of my attention, over their bellies, pausing briefly to take hold of their still erect penises and gently caressing them and the nuggets dangling beneath, before sliding down to their feet. Dennis had moved himself around to get at my groin and was lying full length on the floor, his stiff penis pointing towards the other boys, his testes hanging against his thigh, almost touching the floor. Again, I marvelled at the size of them on this almost hairless youngster.
                         I took hold of the boys’ feet, gently tugging them, and indicating for them to sit back on the floor, which they did, leaning back on their hands. I took their feet towards Dennis’s erection and Jay immediately realised what I wanted them to do. He put his foot alongside Dennis’s penis, pressing his heel into the lad’s groin, his toes bending to touch across the swollen glans. Chris placed his foot the other side and pressed inwards, trapping Dennis’s penis between them. Their feet were slippery from Dennis’s licking and the remnants of my sperm and I saw Dennis begin to move himself backwards and forwards between them, his penis going in and out of sight as he moved. He had his mouth clenched around the end of my organ, not moving, concentrating on his own sensations rather than on fellating me, which was okay with me. I was enjoying just being inside his young mouth and watching the display going on between the other boys’ feet. Besides, I knew how I wanted to achieve my next climax.
                             Chris, Jay and I watched Dennis’s penis as it rubbed between their feet. They both had their feet turned inwards, their toes curled over, making a firm barrier for Dennis’s erection to push its way through each time he thrust forward. The sight of his swollen, red glans thrusting out from between their toes was a highly erotic sight to us all. As their toes put pressure on his glans, they spread his slit open, then squeezed it closed as he pulled back through them. He was leaking fluids already and this was forced out and smeared over the boys’ toes, making the passage of his penis through them more easy. 
                               Suddenly he thrust his hips forward harder causing the entire end of his sizeable erection to protrude through the boys’ toes, the circumcised crown shiny and deep red. At the same time I felt him clench harder around my own glans, a slightly painful sensation. I was almost going to pull out as I thought he was going to bite me, but he opened his mouth instead, my penis still within his cavity, and gave a grunt. His penis spurted. A stream of fluid pulsated out of him, a thickish blob with a fine sticky tail that streaked up Jay’s leg, leaving a greyish trail from his ankle to above his knee. Another burst followed immediately, squirting even higher, splashing around Jay’s genitals in several creamy globules. Dennis gasped as his body spasmed again, his mouth once more closing on my penis, this time sucking on my glans like a baby on a dummy. This next ejaculation sprayed along Chris’s leg, leaving another trail of shiny semen from his shin to his thigh. I did not realise anyone could shoot as much, nor as long, as this lad was doing. Another powerful stream spurted and this was even more forcefully ejected, several blobs striking Chris and Jay on their bellies. We all watched in amazement and delight as a fifth spurt of boy-cream  shot out, this time landing on the floor between the two boys’ legs. 
                                  The following spasms were less powerful, his sperm  gradually oozing from him and running over the boys’ toes and feet. I watched as both Chris and Jay rubbed Dennis’s juices around on their skin, putting their fingers in their mouths to taste it as they went. Dennis had released my penis, now fully engorged and very near its own climax, and was lying back on the floor, his eyes closed, his chest and belly heaving. I gently stroked along his body, caressing his nipples, running my hands around over his belly, moving lower to caress the boys’ feet where they still cradled Dennis’s slowly wilting penis. 
                                     I lowered my face to their feet, my tongue running across the tops of their toes, touching across the tip of Dennis’s protruding penis as I moved from Jay to Chris. The taste of Dennis’s sperm was wonderful. It was not as pungent as Chris’s, nor as sweet as Jay’s, but had a distinctive tanginess to it that I had never experienced before. It was similar in taste to my own sperm and I wondered whether it was the taste of men, whether all men tasted similar to this. I had only ever tasted boys’ and my own ... and probably only ever would. Maybe Chris and Jay would also end up with this same taste. I liked them the way they were now, though, so I hoped they wouldn’t.
                               These thoughts flickered through my mind as my mouth closed around my young lovers’ feet and toes, my tongue searching Dennis’s sperm from between and under each one in turn. I swiped over the top of each foot, then around under the arch and eventually underneath the sole. I also took the boy’s softening penis into my mouth, sucking the remnants from it and cleaning its length. It felt great to have my head between the two boys’ feet and Dennis’s mansized penis cradled in my mouth. My hands tenderly fondled his smooth testes and stroked the insides of his hairless thighs. My own penis was now aching in its need for release. 
                                 Slowly I drew away from Dennis’s penis, allowing it to flop onto his thighs, and knelt up, caressing the boys’ feet as I raised myself into a standing position, lifting one of each of their legs as I stood. Both boys had to wriggle themselves towards me and the sight of them squirming on the floor, legs splayed and stiff penises and testes jiggling with their movements while I held one of their feet was quite erotic.
                               When I was standing, stooped over to keep hold of their feet, I brought their feet into my lap, either side of my erection. They pressed their feet into my groin, their heels nudging my scrotum, squeezing my testicles, their arches against the side of my penis. Jay tapped Dennis on his arm and the youngster opened his eyes. He saw what we were doing and he moved around until he was lying on his back between his brother and Jay. He raised his foot up to me and I took hold of it, placing it heel first against my scrotum, between the other boys’ heels, and brought the sole of his foot up the length of my penis underneath. I placed my other hand over the top of my penis, holding Jay and Chris’s feet against me. Their feet were slippery still from sweat, saliva and semen and my organ was trapped within this moist, warm tunnel. I was longer than all of their feet, almost an inch of me sticking out from beyond their toes when their heels were pressed in against me. All of the boys’ eyes were fastened on the engorged and flared crown of my penis.
                              I began thrusting myself backwards and forwards between their feet, my penis sliding easily, their toes teasing me like fingers. The pressure of their flesh upon me, the nudgings and drag on my testicles from their heels, and the sight of myself enclosed within a wall of boys’ feet, making love to them, very quickly brought me to my peak. As my penis began to spurt, I pulled their feet in tightly against me, thrusting myself fully outwards so I extended beyond them. My semen sprayed down onto the three boys and they all squealed and wriggled as it splashed over them, my penis swaying and jerking unchecked above them. Their wriggling only increased my sensations as their feet pressed in against me, causing my penis to spray even more wildly.
                              My climax was unbelievable. Even better than my first one with Jay. My whole body seemed to be erupting. My breathing was ragged, my muscles quivering. I had to keep myself focussed on the boys beneath me, watching my emmissions gradually subsiding, threads of my semen streaking their naked bodies. 
                              Finally it was over and I slowly lowered myself until I was sitting on the floor, the boys’ feet still cradled in my lap, my penis still sticking up from amongst them. We all stayed still, savouring the moment we had all experienced. Then, one at a time, they raised themselves to a sitting position, bringing themselves in closer to me and we all hugged, their feet in my lap, bodies leaning forward, arms around each other, heads touching. We were all looking in to the centre between us and we all burst out laughing at the sight. Four erect penises all looked blindly back up at us, all shapes and sizes, all above hairless testes, again of different sizes. We each took hold of the penis of the person beside us.
                              I finally broke the silence.
                              "Well, guys," I said softly. "You have certainly earned your bonuses. From the look and feel of your things down here, we’re going to have a long afternoon. I think we all need a drink and then we can get stuck into it again. What do you say?"
                              "Wow!" Dennis said, reaching over to hold my penis. "I really liked putting your thing in my mouth. It’s so big! I want to make you come like that."
                               "Me too," said Chris. "I didn’t get to touch it until now." He took hold of it around the glans. "It’s really nice looking, isn’t it? I want to suck you like I do to Dennis. I like your taste."
                                 Jay also reached over to touch me. "I want another go, too," he said. "And I’d like you to rub me until I come like last time. I also want you two to make me come as well, "he said, looking at Dennis and Chris. "I’d like you to suck me, Chris. I’ve been thinking about that since you told me you do it to Dennis. Steve is a really good sucker, too. He can suck us all until we come. Right, Steve?"
                                  I laughed. "Right. It’s just like I told you on Thursday, matey. It now seems like I’ve turned not only you into a sex maniac, but these two as well. I’m sure there’s lots we can all do to each other. I’ve got plenty of film and plenty of time. What we don’t get done today, we can do next weekend, the weekend after that, and the weekend after that....and the weekend...."
                                  "Yes!!!" the three of them chorused excitedly. I realised my fantasies were all coming true with these three lovely boys. What a time we would have.....

                                                      THE END?
--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....