Cruising the Video Store.

     As I wake I feel the aching of my cock pressed into the
sheet under my stomach, vying for as much attention as the
insistent pressure in my bladder. With a groan, I roll over onto
my back to alleviate at least the pain in my dick.

     Damn. I was sure that Paul would be showing up for poker
last night. I had hoped to invite him up to my place after for a
cup of tea, and maybe a little action.  Paul's not really my
type, I mean I wouldn't want to live with him, but he's a nice
guy, and if we're both  aware that the sex is casual then I don't
see a problem with it. When he didn't even show up, I starting
taking shots of the Old Grand-Dad that homophobic ex-army friend
of Gwen's had brought with him.  Actually, he's a nice guy, I
like him, but he a racist and, although I never brought up
homosexuality with him, I'm pretty sure he wouldn't be too
receptive to the concept.

     I roll out of bed and make my way into the bathroom. I stand
in front of the toilet, thinking about swimming in Lake Ontario
in May and calculating the exact number of bytes in 19K until it
is soft enough to piss through.  I'm still a little groggy from
the night before, so I wander into the kitchen to put some coffee
on. The kitchen air is pretty cold against my naked skin. I left
the door open a crack again last night, letting the cold in, but
my dick isn't complaining, and it's beginning to regain some its
previous vigour. 

     The coffee is brewing so I trip into the living room to
watch some TV. Looking at the VCR I see that it's only 9:30.  No
wonder I'm feeling stupid.   Flicking through the channels I see
mindless, violent children's shows.  Nothing I can watch even in
this brain-dead state.

     It's still pretty cold, and my nipples are getting hard. I
find that I am absently stroking my cock, now fully erect again. 
I get up and place a porno tape in the VCR.  I made this tape
from bunch of homo-erotic videos I had rented. I've seen the
thing many times before, but it still gets my blood flowing when
I watch the bodies of these guys being stimulated, jism streaming
out of their hard-ons as the camera goes in for the close-up of
the cum shot.

     My hand is working my cock well now,  the cold isn't bother-
ing me as much as I concentrate on the waves of pleasure being
generated in my groin.  My hand stretches the skin of my cock as
it moves up and around the almost conical head of my cock. Even
though I'm circumcised I can pull enough of it up to cover the
head of it on the upstroke. I'm still moving pretty slowly, my
cock is rock hard -- I haven't been this hard for a long time. 
I'm beginning to stroke it faster as I watch the glistening
saliva covered rod of the smooth chested young man in the video
move in and out of his partner's mouth. I can feel the pressure
beginning to build up, and I'm pounding away at my dick like a
triphammer. Suddenly, the phone rings just at the same time that
the tape ends and starts automatically rewinding.

     I can hurry it up and shoot right now, or ignore the phone,
but analyzing it takes the moment away. Cursing to myself, I pick
up the phone.

     "Hello?"  I mutter.

     "Hello, my name is Judy and I'm calling from the Sun newspa-
per subscription department and..."

     "I'm not interested in subscribing to the Sun thanks."
Click.

     Shit. My cock is rock hard still but during the interruption
I notice that it is freezing in the apartment and I'm almost
shivering. I'm bored with the videos I've seen so many times, and
I decide that it's time for something new.

     I dash into the kitchen and pour myself a coffee. Throwing
on some track pants and a sweat shirt as I gulp it down, I enjoy
the mix of lust, anticipation and a little fear that always runs
through me when I plan a trip to the video store.

     After checking that my hair isn't standing up on end, I grab
my winter clothes and head out. It's a long drive to the store
with the best videos, but I make good time and I'm perusing
titles within twenty minutes.

     As I'm looking at the boxes, I notice someone else is in the
store. Obeying the unwritten porn video store etiquette, I ignore
the fact that he is there while he pretends I don't exist. He
looks like a nice enough person, dressed in jeans and a T shirt
under his parka. Somehow I always assume that all the other
people I see in video stores are perverts. His sandy brown hair
is straight and about medium length. As he moves to the aisle
that I'm in, I'm crouched down looking at the bottom row of
videos. He makes his selection and walks down the aisle toward
the counter, but I'm blocking the way, so he waits until I stand
up to let him by.

     Up close I can see he's quite cute. He's in his late
twenties, about my age. As he passes, we almost make eye contact,
but both look away at the last moment. The store clerk gets his
video and he pays for it. Our shoulders touch when we pass each
other again as I go up to the counter and he walks to the door.
He almost stops to say the automatic apology that would be normal
in any other location, but only pauses in his trek to the exit. I
sigh, and go up to the counter to pay for my tape. 

     Out to the car and on the road again, I decide that I should
get some food for breakfast. After parking at the grocery store,
I hurry through the cold, across the parking lot into the store.
Walking quickly up and down the aisles I pick up my food.
Bread... peanut butter... into the meat section to get the bacon.
As I'm picking up a package, my elbow connects with the person
beside me.

     "Sorry..." we both say at the same time, turning to each
other. It's him. He laughs a nervous little laugh. He really is
cute. He has grey eyes that seem to sparkle even in the harsh
florescent light of the supermarket. He is carrying a bag of milk
and a carton of eggs.

     "Buying some breakfast?" he asks. I don't know how to react.

     "Seems to be a common thing." I comment, pointing at the
eggs.

     "Yes," he says, " I hate it when you get up in the morning
and there are all kinds of things to take care of when all you
want to do is relax."

     "Right.. well..", I stammer. Holding up my bacon I say.
"Yes, well, I guess I'll get on with it then. See you later." I
turn to leave.

     "Umm..." he starts. "Is there any chance you'd like to come
to my apartment for breakfast?  Nothing serious, just breakfast."
he blurts out.

     I'm a little wary. I mean, after all, he could be anyone. I
can feel the blood flowing in my crotch, though, and wonder what
is in store for me today.

     "Breakfast sounds good. My name's Andrew" I say and we head
off to the cash. "I'm Mike," he replies. Each of us pays for his
groceries and we leave the store for the bitter cold winter
morning.

     "I'm staying at the apartment hotel just down the road" he
tells me when I ask him if he has a car. He had walked to the
store as his apartment building is just a few blocks away. We
drive back to his place and take the elevator up to the seventh
floor.

     In his tiny apartment, we put the food on the counter
separating his kitchen from the living room. "Scrambled OK? " he
asks. "I can never seem to fry an egg without breaking it."

     "Fine." I answer, moving in beside him in the small kitchen.
He is already breaking eggs into a bowl. "Anything I can do to
help?"

     "Actually, there's a small joint in the ashtray on the
kitchen table. Why don't you light it?"

     As I take the joint and matches, I look over at him as he
pulls out the groceries. There's a definite twinkle in his eyes
as he takes the joint from me and tokes heavily on it.

     We smoke the joint in silence, standing in the kitchen and
watching each other. I butt the roach out in the ashtray and say,
"That was easy! Anything else I can do?"

     "Sure, you can put the milk in the jug over there" he says,
pointing to the corner closet. As he drops his hand it brushes
against my wrist. I look down at my arm, then up at his face. His
eyes in this light have a green tint to them. I can see flecks of
gold as well. I realize we have been staring at each other for
about half a minute now. I can feel the blood rush to my face as
I blush. He leans forward and presses his lips lightly to mine. I
respond, moving into the kiss. I feel my lips tingling and my
heart pounding as we meld together.

     He breaks off and moves away. "Sorry. I really am. I didn't
mean for that to happen."

     "Don't apologize", I tell him, placing my hand on the back
of his neck. "I really liked it."

     He turns back to me and I see the sparkle in his eyes again.
"I've kind of lost my appetite. How about you?" he asks.

     "I'm not that hungry. Not for food anyway. What did you have
in mind?" I reply.

     "Well, I haven't had a shower this morning. Would you care
to join me?" I didn't need a second invitation. Hurriedly we
stuff the food into the fridge, the two of us working together
like a well oiled machine, each brief contact sending thrills to
my crotch and pumping up my cock a little more. Everything put
away, we run into the bathroom.

     I watch as he undresses. First he slides his jeans off. No
underwear. He looks up from his crouch as he steps out of his
pants. "Do you want to help?"  he asks.

     Jumping at the chance, I slide my hands under his tee,
feeling the light patches of hair around his nipples. As I lift
the shirt over his head, I move in closer, so that when his face
is freed from behind the shirt, I touch my lips to his. He
responds eagerly, his tongue caressing my lips.

     As we kiss, my arms move around him, stroking the line of
his spine. He is holding my stiffening cock through the fabric of
my sweats, and squeezes gently. I press closer to him, the kiss
extending to our whole bodies. Quickly, he slides my shirt over
my head as I untie my track pants and they fall to the ground.
With my body pressed to his, he thrusts his pelvis forward,
sliding our now rock hard dicks against each other.

     "Lets get in the shower," he whispers into my mouth.
Agreeing, I kick my clothes across the floor, away from the
shower, as he gets in the tub and starts the water flowing.

     Moving in behind him, I massage his buttocks, so invitingly
full as he bends over the taps. He pulls the shower lever,
spraying us both with the first splash of cold water in the
pipes. Slowly he pushes back, still leaning over. The water has
warmed, beating heavily on his back and my crotch. He hands me
the soap. "Wash my back, would you?" he asks.

     I soap up my hands and run them down his back. Waves of suds
precede my strokes, running down between his cheeks. I ease my
hand between them and push my knuckle against his puckered hole.

     "Oh, yes," he groans. "That feels so good."

     Encouraged by his reaction, I kneel down and work my finger-
tips around his asshole. With most of the soap rinsed away, I
lean in and run my tongue over his anus. Working in ever smaller
concentric circles, I lick the knot of flesh. One arm between his
legs, my hand stroking his turgid cock, the other hand squeezing
my own erection, I push my tongue into him.

     "God, fuck me now!" he exclaims. Reaching to the drawer
under the sink, he pulls out a condom and some lube. Turning off
the shower and leaving the water running, he turns around and
lifts me to a standing position. Kneeling before me, he opens the
condom and places it on the tips of my cock. Then, using his
teeth, he gently rolls it down my shaft. My cock is engulfed by
his mouth for a moment, but he quickly pulls off and turns around
again.

     "Now, please, put it in me!" 

     I position my head against his hole, and squeeze some
lubricant out of the tube. Working it into his anus and over my
throbbing dick, I slide a finger up inside him. It slides easily
into his chute, and he squirms to work it further in.

     "Slide your meat into me," he pleads. 

     Pushing gently, my cock head slides into his eager hole. He
groans slightly and pushes back, forcing me deeper into him. I
lean over him and reach around to grasp his rigid cock. As I
thrust slowly in and out of his ass my hand moves in the same
rhythm, stroking his pillar. Mike is panting through clenched
teeth and I am moving my dick around while I slide in and out of
his hole.. My other hand is pinching his left nipple and squeez-
ing his pecs. His anus is trembling as my hips grind against his
buttocks and my thumb and finger encircle his cock just below the
head. Tightening my grip, I am picking up the pace. I'm fucking
him really hard now, and he is grunting with pleasure. "Oh. God!
I'm. Going. To. Come." he grunts. 

     I feel the pressure myself, but keep my concentration,
maintaing the plunges and strokes. Using my left hand, I lean him
back until he is standing upright. Pushing up and down now, I'm
practically lifting off the ground with my thrusts. My hand is
still squeezing and massaging his cock and he is leaning back
against me as I drive in and out of his ass. My chin is resting
on his shoulder and his hands are behind our heads, gripping my
neck and his. 

     With one thrust, his butt clamps tight on my dick, nearly
putting me over the edge, and he lets out a gutteral moan. I feel
the contractions under my hand as he shoots, and an arc of cum
flies through the air, splattering on the faucet. His anus
loosens its strangle hold on my cock as he relaxes the hold on
our necks. I'm supporting him now mostly by my cock jammed up his
ass.

     I haven't stopped jacking him off, and he suddenly gasps as
in surprize while he clamps down on my prick again, another load
shooting out of him, hitting the wall of the tub. My knees almost
give out, barely keeping us from crashing down. I'm down to slow
keading with my hand, but he's still convulsing at irregular
intervals as more cum seeps out of his meat. 

     I lean foreward and put his weight back on his feet, and
ease my aching cock out of him. He leans over and puts the shower
back on.

     Turning to face me, he presses his crotch against mine and
brushes his lips to my face. As I return the kiss, our eyes close
and I become lost in the sensation of him. The kiss ends, and my
eyes open, meeting his jewel like orbs.

     "Thank-you," he says. "I can't tell you how much I needed
that. You really made it special."

     I'm still staring into his eyes, the flecks of gold in them
seeming to flicker as he moves. "You're more than welcome," I
tell him.

     His hand is resting on my latex covered cock. "You haven't
even used this!" he says, rolling it back up. "Let's get out of
the water."

     We get out of the shower and towel each other off. He takes
my hand and leads me to the bedroom, laying me down on the bed.
"Now it's your turn." he says.

     His hot mouth wraps around my hardening cock. With each
stroke of his tongue across my cock it goes deeper into his
throat. I start to moan and he slows down.

     The light touch of his fingers on my thighs starts my legs
trembling with excitement. With one hand, he strokes my inner
thigh and under my balls, tickling me between the legs. The
tension and pressure are building up behind my balls. His other
hand playfully tweaks my hard nipples.

     My eyes are closed as I lie back and float in a sea of
erotic sensation. Suddenly, my senses become hyper-acute. I can
taste the joint we had smoked earlier in the air. The smell of
his slightly sweaty body mixed with a sweet tinge of the soap he
uses fills my nostrils. Each little slurp of his mouth as it
moved up and down my cock sounds clear in my ears. Every hair on
my body reacts to the slight breeze in the room. I can feel every
line of the ribbed blanket under my naked body. Most of all I
feel the minute movements of his lips around the crown of my
cock, his tongue teasingly rubbing my cock head.

     I am going to come soon. He senses it and eases up, bringing
me back from the brink of orgasm. He stops and lies down on top
of me, the sweat of our bodies mingling. We kiss, and I opened my
mouth, letting his tongue slide between my teeth to caress my
own.

     He breaks off the kiss, and begins moving his lips down my
body. He kisses my neck, then licks the sweat pooling at the base
of it. His tongue teases my hardened nipples. He moves down and
his mouth envelopes my cock again. I run my hand through his hair
as he sucks the pleasure up my cock shaft.

     The pressure is still building in my groin. It feel like my
juices are dammed up behind the tension in the muscles between my
legs. I notice that my leg muscles are taut, my feet hang off the
end of the bed, toes pointed. His fingers slip down between my
cheeks, and one massages my anus gently. Slowly, his index finger
slides up my hole, and the dam breaks. I feel the cum flow up my
shaft and out my cock slit. Each contraction in my body sends my
fluids up my cock and into his mouth, sending waves of pleasure
through my body. After the third, I don't feel anything but the
orgasm running through my brain. My pleasure centres are over-
loaded, and I can't pay any attention to anything else.

     When I can see again, I find he is lying on top of me, his
face in my crotch. I'm still thrusting my penis in and out of his
mouth and my hands grasp the round firmness of his shoulders. He
is beating himself to another orgasm as I push my cock into his
face. A new round of cum shots begins, my legs shake uncontrol-
lably, and I can't even push my hips forward any more. I come
again and again, and my brain shorts out. I pass out with my
entire body tingling with pleasure.

     I wake up to find him lying half on top of me, one leg
between mine and an arm thrown across my chest. I turn my head
and find I'm rubbing noses with him. His eyes are closed and a
smile of satisfaction is laid across his features. He opens his
eyes and smiles wider. 

     "Did you have a good nap?" he asks.

     Laughing I reply, "A better sleep than I've had in weeks.
How long was I out? I feel like I've slept for days."

     "It's about noon. I'm starving! Weren't we going to have
breakfast?"
