From - Fri Jan 03 20:37:09 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!news.idt.net!feed1.news.erols.com!howland.erols.net!newsxfer3.itd.umich.edu!portc01.blue.aol.com!audrey01.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
From: mzmysty@aol.com (Mz Mysty)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST The Video pt 5 (pedo)
Date: 3 Jan 1997 13:35:07 GMT
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Lines: 361
Message-ID: <19970103133300.IAA14558@ladder01.news.aol.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ladder01.news.aol.com
X-Admin: news@aol.com

The next day Mark got a note from the Senator giving his ok for Mark
to make more tapes for his personal use.  The Senator trusted Mark  to
keep the tapes for his private viewing.  The Senator didn't blame him.
The tapes of his wife fucking the kids were god damn hot !!  While Jean
took the kids shopping Mark snuck back into the house and instead of
removing his cameras he checked them over.  They all appeared to be
fine, though something felt just a bit off.  All in readiness for the
evenings fun and games, he left the house and went about his business.
It was getting late when he had
dinner at the hotel resturant and he hurried through it to get back to
his room.  At precisely 8 pm, the vcr came on, the camera's were
recording.  Mark could wait for the tape to complete, or he could
watch the action as it was recorded.  He opted for the live
performance.  This way he could edit out dull dragging family scenes
too, if he had to.    That was one thing he did not have to worry about !

The bedroom camera was the one that was on.  It should an
incredible sight.  Upon the bed Jean was naked, and surrounded by
her naked children.  At the moment, Josh, her 10 year old son was
kneeling between 5 year old Mina's little legs.  Jean had hold of her
son's hard little cock and was aiming it at Mina's tiny fuck hole,
encouraging her son to fuck his sister.  Jean did everything she could
to make it easy for him to do his.  She finally held Mina on her own
knees, spread the girls legs wide and pulled Josh between them.  His
hard little cock sank right in that sweet hairless little pussy.  Jean
sighed as she watched his cock disappear inside his sister's pussy.
She held Mina, moved her up and back on Josh's cock telling him
"that's it Josh, fuck your baby sister, fuck her good ! Make her take
your cock in her baby pussy!"  Mina giggled and echoed, "yea, fuck
me Josh, fuck me good!"  Mina liked his cock in her pussy and she
let him know it by wiggling around on it and sighing in pleasure.  Josh
was only to happy to comply.  His sister's pussy was warm and wet,
and oh so tight on his little peter.  Maggie leaned against her mother
and sucked on her tit.  Jean loved it when Maggie sucked her tits, the
girl had talent for that !  She always looked forward to Maggie's little
lips, no matter where they were planted, pussy or tit, the girl was
awesome.  She watched now as Josh's body trembled and he let his
little boy seed shoot into his baby sister.  He reached down and
stroked Mina's little clit until she moaned and he could feel that she
had cum too.  His mother smiled at him and told him he had done
good.  She told Josh to take Mina and sit on over on the cedar chest
and watch her and Maggie.  They did as she asked, except they
began to play with each other's privates again.  Jean shook her head
and smiled at them, then turned to Maggie.  Jean pushed her
daughter back on the bed and spread her legs open wide.  Reaching
beneath her pillow she pulled out the 9 inch dildo.

In his hotel room Mark thought, "oh my god, she's gonna fuck the kid
with that  cock !"  He groaned and his cock dripped precum.

Jean pushed the dildo up between 8 year old Maggies legs, pushed it
between the little girls pussy lips.  Maggie squirmed as the dildo
began to enter her.  You could see everything, Maggies hot little
pussy was completely exposed to the camera.  She began to cry as
the dildo stretched her pussy entrance.  "Shhhh Maggie, you will like
this big cock once it starts to fuck you.  Mama has to stretch you to
fit it first."  Jean told her daughter.  Then she shoved the dildo harder
and Maggie yelled as the dildo sank halfway into her tight little pussy!
"OH mama, it hurts !"  she cried out.  Jean hushed her again and
began fucking the dildo in and out of her daughters pussy harder,
pulling almost all the way out then shoving it back in.  Maggie writhed
on the bed in some discomfort, but her mother did not stop.  "You are
my daughter, and I will fuck you when I wish to, with whatever I wish
Maggie.  Get used to having your cunt stuffed baby."  She held the
dildo in place with one hand and told Maggie, "now move your ass
and fuck this big hard cock!  Fuck your pussy down onto it or I will
fuck it in you so hard you will scream!"  Maggie tried to move her ass,
she really did, but she couldn't.  Her mother had never stuffed
anything so big up her pussy before, and this was stretching her
painfully.  Of course Jean knew that, it's what she wanted.

"Ok Maggie, I guess I will just have to fuck it into you."  Jean said.
She pushed the dildo then, and 8 inches of it slid into Maggies little 8
eight year old pussy, making her cry out "noooooooo".  Jean ignored
her and fucked that hard rubber cock in and out of her little pussy
harder and deeper with each push.  She changed position so that she
straddled Maggie's face.  Her juices were dripping onto her daughter's
face as she moaned, "come on Maggie, you know you like this cock
fucking your pussy.  Now eat mama, lick mama dry.   Show me how
much you love my pussy, how much you love me."  With that she
lowered her pussy down to Maggie's lips.  Without hesitation Maggie
opened her mouth and licked her mother's juicy pussy.  She kissed
and licked it, sucked her clit.  All the while crying for the pain in her
abused pussy.

Jean was hot!  The sight of her daughter impaled upon the hard dildo,
the feel of her lips and tongue against her pussy drove her almost
insane.  She humped her daughters sucking mouth, all the while
fucking the dildo into her little pussy.  Jean couldn't hold out and
called to Josh, "Come here and lick your sister's pussy, make her
cum on this cock !"  Immediately Josh was between his sister's legs,
licking and kissing her sore pussy around the dildo. His mother put
the dildo in his hand and he eased off on it, just a bit, as he sucked
on his sister's clit.  The ease, and the sucking did it for Maggie.  She
opened her mouth to scream as her orgasm curled her toes.  Jean
drove her pussy into that open screaming little mouth and flooded it
with her hot juice.  When it was over, Jean told her kids to bathe and
hit the sack.  Mark was ready to turn off the camera when Jean sat
on the bed, dildo in her hand.  He watched as she shoved it in her
pussy and began to fuck it.  She pinched her own nipples now, which
were hard and long.  Suddenly, she smiled, DIRECTLY AT THE
CAMERA !!

"I  know who you are, I know my husband hired you.  I hope you have
enjoyed the little shows, especially this one tonight.  You must be
enjoying them, as my husband has not come bursting through the
door yet.  Do you like what you see?  How much is he paying you to
spy on me?  No matter.  I have a proposal for you.  Why don't you
come and enjoy the fun with us?  Can't you just see your cock
fucking into Mina?  Ohhh makes me hot just thinking about it.  You
can join us, or not, the choice is yours.  Of course I don't know how
long you have been filming us, nor how many copies of film you have,
but then again, I am not worried.  Why you ask? (here she moans
and fucks the dildo into her cunt deeper and a bit faster)  I am not
worried because I will not pay blackmail.  If you wish to give the tapes
to my husband, you may do so.  This however will not save you.  You
see, I really do know who you are, and where you are.  If you have
made arrangements for the tapes to be delivered to my husband, then
as I said, oh well.  You will just not be alive to spend your paycheck.
Yes Mark, you heard correctly, you will be dead.  My friends should
be arriving at your place about, now."  With that Mark turned to look
at the door just in time to see it fly open and several very large men
standing in the light from the hall.  'Holy shit' he thought to himself
and Jean began talking again.  "As I said, join us, come fuck  my
children with me and all is well.  Deny me, and you die.  Give your
answer to my men.  If you decide to join us, which I am sure you will,
they will bring you, and any tapes in your room to me.  Shall I see
you soon?"

Mark nodded stupidly at the tv.  He popped out the tape and gave it to
one of the men.  He packed up the others, grabbed his few clothes
and they led him to a waiting limo.  30 minutes later he met Jean face
to face.  "Well now, you are a striking looking man.  I was afraid you
might be some little ogre.  My kids are going to love fucking your
brains out."  She handed Mark a drink and led him to the sofa.  When
he was seated she continued.  "You see Mark, I could not allow you
to give the tapes to my husband.  He would have had the children and
I killed to be sure he didn't suffer any embarrassment over us.  Then
he would have had everything, and been free to start over.  If I could not
stop you without killing you, I would have done it, and
hoped that I could find all the tapes.  Or I could invite you to join me
in
my little diversions.  After all, if you are on film fucking my 5 year old
daughter, then I have the leverage needed to keep you in line.  Simple
is it not?  I prefer to have you join in the fucking then killing you. 
The
choice is simple and it is your choice.  What do you say Mark?"
Mark tried to give her away out of the deal she offered.

He smiled and shook his head replying, "you already have the
tapes I made, (except the ones I sent your husband he thought)
Your men left no room for doubt of that.  As for telling
your husband, he would not believe it, not many men would.
I will tape your daily routines
and nightly tv watching, without the sex, and then I will remove the
cameras and bugs, and call the job done, telling your husband there
were no visitors, and that you did nothing wrong.  That should satisfy
you."  Jean shook her head no, saying, "I'm afraid I don't trust you
Mark.  Don't be offended, I don't trust anyone.  I will be sure I can
trust you only when I have it on film that you fucked my little Mina.
Just think of it Mark, your hard cock impaling that sweet little girl
pussy?  How can you refuse?  You'll  do it to save your life. There
are no other choices here."  She figured she had him by the
proverbial short and curlies when he nodded yes.
She beamed a smile at him.  "Good !!  I have long wanted to see
my little Mina ride a man's cock!  Come Mark, you must meet the
children over dinner."  That night he met Maggie, and Josh, and Mina
all of them seemed to like him, Josh however was a bit quiet.  Mark
understood.  The boy felt his place in the sex fun being usurped by
this stranger and he did not like it.  Not one bit.  Mark knew how to
handle him though, and decided that Josh should be the first to
experience his attentions.

"Jean, I want to have a talk with Josh, alone if you don't mind."  Jean
nodded ok, knowing that Josh was upset.  Mark took Josh into a
bedroom and sat him down on the bed.  He began to undress the boy
and Josh resisted at first.  Mark told him to stay still and be cool.  He
had the boy naked in the next couple of minutes and before the boy
could refuse Mark had his mouth on his cock.  Josh was startled, and
sat rigid as he felt Mark suck in his cock and his balls, all of it right
into his mouth !  He felt Mark's hot tongue swirl around his balls, felt
the warm wetness engulf him.  His cock grew instantly, hard and
pulsing.  He groaned as Mark began to move his head up and down,
licking and sucking on his cock.  Josh grabbed Mark's head and hung
on for dear life.  Even his own mother had never sucked his cock so
good !  "Yea, oh yea, do me, suck me!"  he moaned.  Mark sucked
all of Josh's cock into his mouth, easily swallowing the boy's small
cock.  He worked his throat and milked the boy, feeling the
responses in the boys body as he went rigid.  Mark drew back,
leaving only the boy's cock head in his mouth which he sucked on
hard and greedily.  Josh yelled and thrust his hips upward, trying to
fuck his dick back into Mark's throat.  Mark chuckled around the little 
cock in his mouth and tongued the eye.  Josh thought he had died
and gone to heaven.  "Oh Mark, suck me! Suck my dick and make
me cum!"  Josh yelled.

Mark pushed his hands under the boys ass, parted his ass cheeks.
He slid a finger to the boy's pink puckered asshole and gently played
with it.  Josh moaned and didn't know if he wanted to fuck the hot
sucking mouth on his cock, or feel more of the finger at his asshole.
Mark solved that problem for him.  He once again swallowed Josh's
little cock, milked it with his throat.  At the same time he pushed his
finger into Josh's tight little ass.  Josh screamed, his body convulsed
as he grabbed Mark's hair and hung on for dear life.  He had never
cum so strong in all his young years.  Not his mother, or his sisters
ever made him cum like that with their mouths or their pussies!!  His
cock throbbed and spirted out one last little gob which Mark caught
on his tongue, then showed to Josh.  Josh loved the sight of his cum
on this man's tongue. Mark leaned down and covered the boy's lips
with his own and thrust his tongue between his teeth.  He softly
french kissed the boy, letting him taste his own cum, before releasing
him.  Josh fell back on the bed exhausted.  Mark smiled and said,
"that was only the beginning my little friend, there is more, much
more that is even more pleasureable."  With that he turned and left
the room,  knowing he now had the boy
in the palm of his hand.  Hell he thought, I might even like being
involved with that slut.  Her kids sure were cute enough.  He would
have Josh begging for cock up his ass in no time, and spoil the girls
for real man dick.

As he left the boy he threw back his head and
laughed.  Jean might think she knew who he was, but
she didn't know at all.  If she had she would have left him alone.
Jean had no idea at all who he really was or what he could, and would
do....
He was sure Jean would regret, no, be truely sorry she tried to blackmail
him.  Imagine, this bitch trying to tell him she'd have him dead!

Josh followed Mark out of the bedroom like a puppy dog.  Jean was
impressed.  It had taken Mark only 15 minutes to win the boy over.  She
didn't want to know what they had talked about, and she would have been
shocked to know they hadn't talked at all!  As Mark sat in a chair across
from Jean he said, "well now, you said something about filming me as I
fucked 5 yr old Mina?"  He reached down and rubbed his cock.  I sure
could use a good fuck about now."  Jean smiled and told Josh to go
get his sister.  He ran to do as he was told and Jean said to Mark, "a
bit eager to have that little pussy are you?"  Mark only grinned.  Josh
came back with Mina and Mark stood her beside him as he slowly
unzipped his pants. Jean went to get her video camera, and Josh sat on
the sofa to watch. When Jean returned Mark watched them both as he
broght his cock out of his pants.  The look of stunned surprise on their
faces, especially Jean's, was worth more then all the money in the world. 
He calmly pulled his cock all the way out of his pants, all 11 inches of
it.
Jean had never seen a cock so long and so wide.  Mark was proud of his
cock.  11" long and 6" wide it was more a weapon then a cock and Mark
loved using it to make children scream.....

Jean regained her composure and said, "You aren't seriously going to
tell me you are going to hold me to giving you Mina to fuck!!  Tape or no
tape, you can't fuck her with that thing!!"  Mark said nothing as he
picked Mina up and put her in his lap.  He knew his cock would not go
into the child, nonetheless it would make her scream nicely as he tried to
stuff it in her tiiny cunt.  Jean moved to take Mina from him and he
glared at her and growled, "SIT DOWN YOU FUCKING BITCH ! "  Jean was
stunned and fell back on the sofa.   Mark
pulled Mina's little white cotton panties down and off.  He slid his cock
between her legs up against her slit.  He took her little hands and placed
them on his cock and had her push it hard against her slit.

Mark spoke to Jean and said, "it was your idea to have me fuck your baby
girl, your idea to have
me join you in using your children.  In fact you threatened my life if I
did not agree to fucking them.  You have my tapes, I have your children
to fuck.  A deal is a deal, that is unless of course you return my
property to me at which time I will release you from your end of the
deal."

Jean became angry and told him, "you son of a bitch, I should have had
them kill you!  You are a dead man!"  she screamed.  She stood and
marched to the door and yelled for her men.   Mark laughed at
her.  Before leaving his room at the hotel he had triggered a transmitter
which told his men he was in trouble.  Never far away they had seen him
get into the limo and followed him.  Jean screamed for her men again and
Mark told her, "'sit down and shut up you dumb cunt.  Your men are dead.
Do you understand me?  They are dead.  You really ought to make sure
you know who the fuck you are dealing to before you deal the cards.  I
am the wrong person to fuck with !!  Now let me tell you what happens.
The senator, your husband, has already seen the tapes.  Contrary to your
opinion of him he will not kill you and the children, in fact he has told
me
to offer you a deal.  You get out of his life.  Turn and walk away,
leaving
the kids, the money, the estate all of it.  Relinquish all claim to
everything
and he will let you live.  Fight him and he will kill you."

Jean stood at the door and stared at him.  She didn't believe him until
she
looked back outside and saw several strange men by her limo.  "Sit your
ass down bitch,"  Mark told her.  Jean moved to the sofa and literally
fell
into it.  "Fucked yourself real good when you fucked your kids eh bitch?
And to think, you offered them up to save your lowly ass.  Well you will
pay for your fun and games now.  Must be terrfying to you to be outcast,
no home, no husband or children to fuck or fuck over.  Oh yeah, before I
forget, the Senator wants you to drop his name.  He says you don't
deserve even that much from him."  As he spoke Mark had taken Mina's
hips in his hands and was sliding her up and down against his hard cock.
He held her against him as he aimed the tip of his cock against her tiny
fuckhole.  Slowly he began to push her down onto it.  Jean was stunned.
He was going to try and fuck Mina anyway!

Mina began to whimper as Mark pushed her down harder and harder,
trying to shove his huge cock in her pussy.  His eyes never left Jeans as
he took the little girls hips in his hands, gripped them tightly and
pushed
her down hard !  The head of his cock tore and penetrated the childs tiny
pussy making her scream in pain.  Jean cringed as she heard that
scream.  Mark continued to shove his cock into the small girl, tearing her
pussy a bit more until he had 3" of his cock stuffed in her exquisitely
tight little cunt.  She continued to cry, yelling for her mother as Mark
fucked her.  He took her little hands and put them on the portion of his
cock that would not enter her.  In front of her mother and her brother he
dumped his hot cum into her little belly.  when he was through with the
girl he handed her to Jean.  She cradled her daughter even as Mark
reached for Josh.  Josh was terrified. He didn't understand all that
passed between Mark and his mother but he knew that look in Mark's
eyes, he had seen it in his mom's eyes.  Mark still wanted to fuck
and he was coming for him!  Mark grabbed Josh and pushed him to his
knees on the floor beside the couch.  Jean was right next to her son
as Mark pushed his face down onto the couch and ripped his pants off.
Horrified Jean begged "NOOOOO oh NOOOO please don't!"   Mark
grinned at her, his already hard cock in his hand.  "Oh yes, Josh gets
a taste of my big cock.  He liked me sucking his well enough.  He came
pretty good.  He owes me a fuck."  So saying he knelt behind the boy and
aimed his cum coated cock at the boys tight pucked asshole.
Grabbing Josh's hips he held him still as he started pushing his cock
into his ass.  "IT HURTS!! NO!! DON'T!!! LET ME GO!!!"  Josh
screamed.  Mark pushed the boys face into the sofa cushion and thrust
his hips forward powerfully.  He watched as his cock popped through the
boys sphincter.  Joshed screamed in pain, but even before he could
finish the scream Mark thust again, pulling on Josh's hips at the same
time.  Josh screamed in terrible pain as all 11" of Marks hard cock
impaled his ass.   Jean cried as she witnessed her son's rape.  Mark
had no mercy.  He pounded his cock into Josh's tight virgin ass, fucked
him deeply, cruelly.  "	nooooooooo oh god noooooooo"  Jean was
moaning as Josh kept screaming and screaming.... Mark finally drove his
cock as hard as he could into Josh's ass and held it there as he shot
his load in the boys gut.

After he had finished with the boy Mark shoved his cock back in his pants
and stood.  He told Jean, "get some of your personal stuff together.  Your
husband want's you gone NOW."   He waited as Jean gathered some of
her things then handed her an envelope containing an airline voucher she
could buy any ticket with, and 100.000 dollars to get her settled some
where else, and ID in her maiden name.  The senator had wasted no
time in getting rid of her the first chance he got.  Mark chuckled as Jean
was driven away.  Little did she know that now that she
was out of the picture the Senator planned to party with his children.
Oh yes, he was going to enjoy fucking them.....

Mark hated doing the things he had done to Jean, but she asked for it.
Normally he fucked kids when the mother invited
him to do so in an effort to get the father into it.  He rarely had
to deal with scum like Jean.  For that he was thankful.
As Mark went to his car the Senator pulled up.  He nodded only
slightly to acknowledge Mark and continued into the house eager to
spend  'quality' time with his children...

Red Ro