                           Video Scenes

              Copyright (c) 1993 by SunHawk Publishers
                        All Rights Reserved

     
     The huge teleconferencing room, which the hotel where I
worked used to house international business meetings, had
always had special appeal for me.  It was painted mostly
black, and had soft, grey carpeting.  In the center sat a
long, shiny, black conference table, surrounded by comfortable
chairs.  An array of television screens covered one of its
huge walls, and the screens could be used to display lots of
separate pictures, or to tile many images into one big
picture, like a video billboard.
     What I admired most of all, though, was Nick, the
technician who worked the video booth and kept all the
equipment in working order.  Right after I started working at
the hotel as a desk clerk, I began to peek into the
teleconferencing room now and then, hoping to catch sight of
him.  He wasn't tall, but he was fit and trim, and he moved
with grace, as if his center of gravity was more perfect than
most men's.  He always wore faded jeans which nicely accented
his firm buttocks and strong thighs, and sleeveless t-shirts
which showed off his muscular arms.
     Whenever he glanced up and saw me watching him, he always
smiled shyly and then went back to his work.  Although it made
my skin tingle when he looked at me, I never expected anything
to come of it.  Then, one night after I had just finished a
late shift, I stopped to look in at Nick.
     He was sitting on the edge of the conference table,
staring up at the blank array of screens on the wall.  He
glanced up and caught my gaze.   After a moment he smiled at
me and said, "Hi."
     "Hi," I said, surprised he had spoken at all.
     "Let me show you something."  He beckoned me into the
room with a little tilt of his head, slid off the edge of the
table, and walked over to the corner of the room, where all
the equipment was.  Curious, I stepped into the room and
stopped near the end of the conference table, watched him as
he adjusted a video camera on a tripod.  A grey light suffused
the room.
     I looked up at the wall of screens in surprise.  They
displayed a huge picture of me: two dozen tiled images that
together formed one image of me standing in front of the
conference table.  
     "Wow," I said, staring up at it.  I moved slowly around
the table, dizzied by the movement on the screens as I did so.
     It was then that I heard the conference room door click
shut.  I turned to see Nick standing with his back against it.
     His gaze was seductive. "I've always liked video," he
said.  He smiled a slow smile and rubbed his crotch.  A nice
bulge was appearing there.  I stared, fascinated by the
movement of his hand.  Then he came towards me.
     He reached for me and I found myself eager for his touch. 
I slipped my arms around his trim torso as he put his mouth
over mine and probed with his tongue.  I sucked at it
hungrily, nibbled at his lips, and lost myself in the contact
of his mouth on mine.  Suddenly, I craved the touch of his
naked flesh on mine.  I pulled at his t-shirt, and we parted
long enough for me to strip it off over his head.  His chest
was smooth, powerful, and slightly damp with sweat; his
nipples were tight.  
     I could feel his erection against my pelvis and I ground
myself against him as he stripped off my blouse, then
unfastened my skirt and let it fall to the floor, leaving me
in black stockings and heels.  My firm breasts needed no bra. 
He smiled appreciatively and massaged them both with strong
hands.  I felt the tight pull of excitement between my legs. 
I lowered my mouth to the hard button of one of his nipples
and sucked on it.  He groaned.
     "Look," he said, jerking his head at the screen array.
     I looked up and saw the picture of ourselves, half nude,
towering over us in a twenty-by-twenty video pattern.  I
immediately began to imagine the picture of us making love on
that screen, and hot liquid began to ooze from between my
legs.
     He picked me up and lay me down on the table.  I watched
on the screen as he stripped off his jeans and stood over me,
lazily stroking his cock.  He slipped away a moment, adjusted
the camera's view to a closeup of me on the table, and then
climbed up next to me.
     My pussy throbbed as he stripped off my stockings.  He
pulled off his own jeans, and I admired his thick erection and
tight butt.  He stared down at me a moment, his mouth slack
with lust, then roughly spread my thighs and buried his face
between my legs.  His hot tongue probed at my pleasure center,
sending sharp waves of pleasure up through my pelvis and down
my thighs. I groaned and began to watch the screen.  
     My labia grew more sensitive with each stroke of his
tongue.  I felt it probe down inside me like a silken snake. 
As my excitement mounted, I arched my hips and thrashed around
on the table, which was quickly growing slippery with sweat
and sexual juices.  
     I shrieked with each stroke of his tongue, and I realized
there was stereo sound in the room as well.  I could hear my
shrieks from the speakers as well as from my own mouth.  Nick
had turned his body sideways to face the camera, and he rubbed
his hard-on with one hand as he tongued my cunt.  
     When I focused on the enormous view of his red-tipped
erection and his hand pumping on it, and on the sight of my
own helpless thrashings, it drove me to writhe around on the
table even more.  His moans and the sound of his mouth on me
grew louder as he kissed and sucked harder and harder.  The
view of his crotch was so good I could see his hard-on getting
shiny with his fluid.  
     When I couldn't stand it anymore, I reached for his head
and pulled it up towards me.
     He grabbed my legs, pulled them up around his back,
crouched between them, and rammed himself into me.  I groaned
with delight as he panted and thrust.  He watched the screen,
rapt, as he sat on his knees and pumped in and out of me. 
"Oh, baby," he kept saying over and over, "Look at us.  Just
look at us up there."  
     The slight delay in the sound transmission was bizarre
and erotic; it was like having him talking into both of my
ears at once.  I felt as if I were with two men: the one on
the screen and the one on the table with me.
     The sight of our naked bodies towered over us.  Our sweat
shone in the spotlights that were mounted over the table; our
flesh glistened at us from the screen.  His fingers savagely
massaged my thighs as he thrust, then moved down to play with
my clitoris, skillfully stroking and squeezing it with just
the right rhythm.  He worked longer and harder than any man I
had ever been with before, groaning and shaking as he resisted
his climax.
     I sensed myself rising toward the brink, felt the cold
burn of my impending release radiating between my legs, I and
yelled, "I'm going to come.  Don't stop.  I'm going to come!" 
I arched my back, driving him deeper into me, as deep as he
would go, and pressed my hand into my wet crotch, stroking
myself hard and fast.  Spasms shook me.  My own groans
surrounded me, and I heard Nick begin to yell.  
     He shoved his organ into me a final time, fell forward
against me, and then I felt him throb inside me.  Up on the
screen, I saw his body tighten and writhe on top of me as the
strained sounds of his orgasm came to me from all around the
room.
     After our panting subsided, he withdrew from me and
stretched out next to me on the table.  For a few minutes, we
just stroked each other's wet bodies, watched the screen, and
grinned at one another.  
     After a while, he said, "You know, the room is free again
tomorrow night, and I'll be here."
     I told him I would definitely consider it. 
