Copyright  © 1997, Pedros,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.


                                      VIDEO GAMES


                             "Will you send Jay Thomas in to me now, Miss Johnson?"
                              "Yes, Mr Donald."
                              I leaned back in my chair and stretched my arms behind my head, easing the cramp that had developed during the afternoon. Jay Thomas. I was looking forward to seeing this young boy again. Several weeks ago at the school’s swimming carnival he had been pointed out to me by his teacher.  He was a boy from a very poor family but was excelling in his work at school and she felt he deserved special attention from me. When I saw him, I couldn’t have agreed more.  He was gorgeous. 
                         He was wearing only his speedos and I caught my breath as I gazed down from the stands to where he stood waiting his turn to race. He was blonde and tanned, his slim body beautifully proportioned and completely smooth; and the front of his bathers bulged suggesting a nice little bundle of boyhood held within them. His legs were long and slender and his feet strong looking and broad. I only managed a quick appraisal before other students moved in blocking my view, but that was enough.
                            Over the next couple of weeks I made a point of seeing Jay both in class and out, striking up a friendship with the lad, encouraging him in his work and offering myself if ever he needed help or support. We had got to the point where I could put my arm around him or touch or hug him in a friendly way and he seemed to like that contact. At times I even thought he looked for that and I could feel him leaning in to me when we were alone. I became quite infatuated with the boy and kept trying to think of a way I could go much further in our relationship, how I could get to see him naked, maybe touch him intimately and have him touch me. I thought he would not reject sexual advances from me, but I couldn’t work out a way to initiate it.
                            Then, yesterday, his teacher had spoken to me about him again. She was concerned as he was evidently unable to afford to go on her class camp and she thought he would benefit greatly by attending. She wanted me to help out, if I could. I told her to send Jay to me this afternoon and I would see what I could do. What an opportunity she had given me! 
                              "Come in," I called, my heart beginning to beat more rapidly in anticipation. I had plans for young Jay and I only hoped he was desperate enough for money to do what I was going to suggest.
                               The boy poked his head around the corner before entering, then came in and stood before my desk. I took in his tousled blonde hair, his bright blue eyes, slightly upturned nose, full lips and gleaming white teeth and the smooth unblemished skin of a preteen boy. Jay was eleven. He was wearing his school uniform which, because we lived in a tropical climate, consisted of an open-necked blue short-sleeved shirt, grey boxer shorts, short white socks and black leather shoes.
My eyes travelled down his slender body, glancing at his groin and able to see the bulge of his boyhood behind the tight front of his shorts which caused my own organ to stir. I had to drag my eyes away and followed his slender smooth legs down to his feet, disappointed they were so fully covered, yet pleased at the way he stood with them slightly apart, his bodyweight balanced as though ready to move either way if he had to. He had an air of confidence about him, almost a bravado, an awareness of his impact, especially on someone like me.
                             I brought my eyes back to his face and found him staring at me, a slightly nervous smile on his lips. I guess he wondered why I had summoned him to my office so I thought I’d better explain to put him at ease.
                              "Ah, Jay. Nice to see you. Just relax. I wanted to have a chat with you." He still stood rather tensely, so I stood up and walked around my desk as I spoke. "Miss Gallen told me you were having trouble raising the money for your camp. Is that so?" He nodded and relaxed slightly and I sat myself on the edge of my desk just in front of him and continued. "I would like to help out, if I could. I have a way for you to earn some money, if you are interested."
                             He looked at me and I could see he was interested and he nodded. 
                          "Yeah, sure, Mr Donald," he said. "I really want to go on the camp and I’d do anything to get the money."
                           "Anything?" I asked him, letting my smile and voice suggest that what I had in mind might be beyond him. I could see by his eyes he had realised I had challenged him and he looked at me intently. I just looked back at him, a smile on my lips.
                             "Yeah," he finally said, "Anything."
                             "Do you mean that, Jay? Would you do anything to get that money?"
                              "Yes. I would. I really want to go."
                               "Even if it was something, er, out of the ordinary? Something only between you and me?" I persisted. I could tell he was intrigued and felt confident my proposal would be accepted.
                                "I said yes, didn’t I?" he responded, a note of defiance creeping into his voice. "What do you want me to do? I’m not chicken," he added.
                                 "I want you to dance for me," I said.
                                  "Dance? ... Just dance?" He was surprised.
                                  "A little bit more than 'just dance’, but that’s about it. And you can earn yourself fifty dollars."
                                   At that, his eyes widened and I knew I had him. "For fifty bucks I’d dance any way you want, Mr Donald." He was smiling.
                                   "That’s good, Jay. That’s what I wanted to hear. I want you to dance for me while I video you. And I want you to take your clothes off while you dance." I waited for my words to sink in. They did.
                                    "What? Undress in front of you? Right down to nothing on? What, here?" He looked around the room as if expecting to see the video camera already operating. 
                                    I laughed and reached out to put my hand on his shoulder. "No, not here. At my place. I will give you fifty dollars if you will come to my place after school and let me video you while you strip to music. When I saw  you in your bathers at the swimming carnival a few weeks back, I thought you looked really sexy and I’d like to see you with nothing on." I squeezed his shoulder then let my hand run down his back to the waistband of his shorts.
                                    "Really?" he asked, making no attempt to remove my hand from him. "You reckon I looked sexy?"
                                     "You sure did. I like boys, Jay and I like to see them undressed. You are one of the most exciting boys at the school and I’d like to see you, especially down here." I moved my hand from the back of his shorts and touched the bulge at his front. He jumped when I touched him then stood still as my fingers took hold of him through his pants.  I watched him intently. This was the most crucial moment. A range of emotions flashed across his face, embarrassment, nervousness, confusion, excitement. I squeezed him gently then began to stroke the spongy little shaft. He gasped and glanced up at me as if to say something or to see what my expression was, but did not pull himself away. I knew at that moment that I had succeeded in my plan. Jay would do as I wanted. 
                     He said nothing but looked back down again and watched me stroking him. I could feel his slender penis stiffening between my fingers. Mine was doing likewise. I let go of him and he looked up at me in surprise when I leaned away from him, sitting back on the desk.
                                    "We can’t do anything here, son. Its too dangerous. Its too obvious if someone comes in," and I rearranged my erection, making sure Jay saw me and seeing the look of nervous anticipation on his face as the import of my words and my obvious arousal sank in. I wanted him to be aware of what I expected and what he could expect if he took up my offer. "It’ll have to wait until my place this afternoon. ... If you want to, that is. If not, that’s okay. I’ll find someone else who wants to earn fifty dollars."
                                "Uh, no, Mr Donald. I’ll do it. I’d like to do it." He moved towards me, his voice eager.
                                 "That’s great, Jay. I really would like to see you with nothing on dancing for me. Are you sure you won’t chicken out?"
                                  "I won’t, Mr Donald. I promise."
                                   "Okay then. Come to my place straight after school. Nobody else must know, though. Its between just you and me. Promise?"
                                   "I promise."
                                   "Good. Now off you go and I’ll see you in a little while. I’m sure we will both have a good time."

                                                    ****************************
                                   "Hi, Jay. Come on in."
                                   "Hi, Mr Donald. Thanks."
                                    I stood aside and let the young lad enter my home. He looked a little nervous and was still wearing his school uniform. I had changed into a pair of shorts and I thought it might make Jay feel a little more comfortable if I was not wearing a lot of clothes. My shorts were white and fairly tight and I didn’t wear underpants which allowed the shape of my penis to be fairly obvious (especially as just anticipating what was to come had me quite firm already). This too, I had done deliberately. If I wanted to have Jay perform for me with no inhibitions, I felt I had to make it very obvious to him that it was a sexual thing, that I would be aroused by him and that I was comfortable having him see my arousal. If he balked at that, I could then cancel the afternoon and my plans with no damage done; and Jay could react adversely and have a means of getting out of our deal with no loss of face.
                                    He walked into my lounge room, looking around nervously, not knowing where to put himself or what to do. I followed him in. My lounge room was quite large with steps leading down into a sunken part at the far end. The floor in the higher part was polished wood, that in the pit (as I referred to it) was carpeted and there was a built-in lounge suite and a TV and stereo unit around the walls of the pit. I saw Jay look at the lights and video camera set up in the pit. 
                                     "Would you like a drink of Coke first, Jay?" I asked him, letting my hand rest on his shoulder. I could feel him shivering slightly. He was only as tall as my shoulder.
                                      "Er, yes please," he replied, his voice a little shaky. 
                                       "Sit down there and relax," I told him. "There’s no need to be nervous. You’ll do great. I’ll get us a drink." I guided him to the steps then went into the kitchen and got two drinks from the fridge, a beer for me and a coke for Jay. I popped their tops and returned to the lounge. Jay was perched on the edge of the lounge nearest the stairs. I walked over to him and handed him his drink. I was standing right in front of him, my groin level with his face and I knew he could not help but see my penis outlined in my shorts. It was semi-erect and lying up the groove of my groin, its shape clearly visible under the tight material.
                                        "Uh, thanks, uh, Mr Donald..." he stammered as he took the proffered coke. "Er...its a nice place...er..." He looked around him nervously.
                                     I sat down beside him and leaned back, letting my arm rest against his back. "Hey, relax, Jay. You can call me Steve if you like. We’re not at school now. There’s no need to be nervous. Or embarrassed. If you want to chicken out, okay. But let me know now, okay?"
                                   "Hey, no, Mr Donald ... er ...Steve. I don’t want to chicken out. I’ll do it. Its just that ... er ... I’ve never seen .. er ... I mean you’re ..."
                                    "You’ve never seen a man’s erect penis. Is that it? I’ve got a stiffy and you’re embarrassed by it?" I knew from the look on his face that that was what was flustering him. I was pleased. His reaction was as I had hoped. He now knew what was in store and he wasn’t going to back out of it, in spite of his nervousness. "There’s no need to feel embarrassed about it, Jay. I get erections all the time, especially when I think about boys like you. You must get them, too. I felt you getting stiff this afternoon."
                                   He blushed when I reminded him of that. "Yeah. I do. Its just that your’s is so big and mine’s only little..."
                                    "Your’s is what I want to see," I told him. "I don’t mind what size they are, Jay. I love seeing young guys without clothes as I told you this afternoon. And seeing them gets me excited. I’m giving you fifty dollars to dance and strip for me to video and I’ll get an even stiffer penis when you do. I can’t do anything about it. Can you accept that?"
                                   "Yeah, sure, Mr ... er, Steve. I’m sorry I got a bit silly. I don’t mind, really. I guess if you get hard I’m doing a good job. It means you like me, huh?"
                                   "I guess it does, buddy," I said. Then I sat forward. "Well. Are you ready to earn your money?" I stood up and walked over to the lights then turned to look back at him. 
                                   The youngster put his drink on the floor and stood up, looking at me with a shy smile. "I guess so. Where do I do it?"
                                    I switched on the lights, their brightness illuminating the upper section of my lounge. "I want you to dance up there," I said, indicating the upper level. "I’ll film from down here and the stairs so you’ve got the whole wooden floor section to dance on. I want you to do whatever the music makes you want to do, but I want you to slowly take off your clothes while you do it. Try to ignore the camera, forget it is going. I might ask you to do something to improve the video, but you can really just let yourself go. Okay?"
                                     Jay nodded and climbed up the stairs and stood in the glare of the spotlights facing me. He looked beautiful. I turned on the video and focussed in on him. My camera was an expensive one and had a large colour view finder and a powerful zoom lens, as well as excellent macro photography capabilities. I was looking forward to making full use of it this afternoon. Once I had him in focus, I went over to the stereo and set the tape I had selected going. The music began, the speakers set in each corner of the room filling the area with sound, loud enough to cover any noise Jay or I would make, yet soft enough to not be a distraction for what was to eventuate. I had chosen a rather sensuous piece of music with a slow, rhythmic beat but modern enough to satisfy a young boy’s tastes.
                                      I went back to the video and Jay began swaying in time with the music. I zoomed in on his face and I could see he was still very nervous and unsure, but he was moving, trying to get himself into the mood of the music. He closed his beautiful blue eyes and I zoomed back out to view his whole body. He began running his hands over his arms and chest outside of his clothing, his hands describing circles that moved lower and lower until they were including moving across his belly as well, almost touching across his groin. 
                    My penis stiffened further as I watched him slowly begin to unbutton his shirt, his eyes still closed, his body swaying sensuously. His fingers fumbled at the top button and he took a quick glance downwards, then across at me. I didn’t react but kept the camera focussed on him and he shut his eyes again and slipped the button from its hole. He had no trouble with the other buttons and he slowly undid them all until his shirt was fully opened. He was wearing a cotton singlet that was moulded to the contours of his body and, as he slowly eased the blue shirt from his shoulders, I zoomed in on the little bump his nipple made on the white cotton. It was obviously stiff either from his own caresses or from his becoming aroused by his dancing. I hoped it was the latter. It certainly wasn’t from the cold. The room was getting hotter from the heat of the lights and also from the heat being generated by my excitement and the boy’s movements. I could feel a film of sweat developing on my bare skin and face. 
                     I gradually brought the camera back out until Jay’s whole upper body again filled the view-finder. He allowed the shirt to slip from his shoulders to the crook of his arms and moved it from side to side across his back. I was surprised at the sensuousness of his movements. He must have been watching women dance, or even strippers, at some time as he seemed to know how to dance seductively. Maybe it was just his natural way, he seemed too innocent to have been exposed to strip shows , although I guess he could have seen them in TV movies. Whatever it was, he was really very good and I found myself achingly erect and he hadn’t really even begun to expose himself. 
                      He flicked the shirt away, not bothering to open his eyes to see where it landed. Without losing a beat he began tugging his singlet free from his shorts, slowly easing it out millimetre by millimetre. I looked at his shoulders and arms, his bare skin dark brown against the white of his singlet. He was a slender boy and his shoulders and arms were still undeveloped, the muscles just starting to take on form but still delightfully immature. His chest was still that of a youngster, but it, too, was  starting to fill out, the muscles becoming defined across his rib cage, but the bones of his rib-cage still visible beneath them. The tightness of his singlet accented them under the glare  and the shadows the lights created. My gaze drank him in through the camera lens. I looked around the camera at him performing for me, but the camera enabled an even clearer and closer view of him so I very quickly put my eye back against it.
                            I panned down his length, past his shorts, along his smooth tan legs to his ankles covered by his white socks and his feet in their black lace-up shoes. He was just transferring his weight from one foot to the other as he swayed and I could see his feet swelling and contracting as he moved from one to the other. I was looking forward to seeing them uncovered, to watching them flex and twist with his dancing. It would not be too long.
                               I panned up to his upper body again and Jay was slowly raising his singlet. He was holding it on each side and he drew it upwards one side at a time, very slowly. My heart began to thump as I caught my first glimpse of his bare belly skin, the strip of flesh above the waist band of his shorts. His belly was tanned and flat, his navel a protruding little bump on that flatness. His shorts were on his hips and I could just see the top of his hip-bones above the band. I zoomed in until my vision was filled with only Jay’s skin with his navel as his centre. I gradually moved upwards, following the bottom edge of his singlet as it was raised, over his diaphragm, over his chest and then I moved sideways to video his pale little nipple. He had almost no aureoles, just the stiff little bud of the nipple itself sticking out on his flat boy-chest. It filled the viewfinder and I longed to lick that hard little nub so badly my mouth began to water. 
                                I zoomed out again to watch him remove the singlet completely, dragging it over his shoulders and head and flicking it away from where he was dancing. Jay kept his arms raised above his head and swayed his hips, his body twisting delightfully in time with the music. His armpits were smooth and hairless, giving me hope that his pubes might be just as bare. I hoped they were. The sight of a young boy’s body completely devoid of hair was absolutely erotic heaven to me and my penis responded to my thoughts by becoming even harder. He opened his eyes and looked at me. I knew he could see the outline of my erection against my shorts. He was full length in my viewfinder and I stood upright and smiled at him.
                               "You’re going great, matey," I told him. "It looks fantastic in the camera. Keep going like this and you might earn a bonus."
                                He smiled back at me and then bent down to undo his shoelaces. 
                                "Not yet, Jay," I called out. He looked up at me. "I want you to take your shoes and socks off last," I explained. "Undress completely first, then dance a bit more, then your shoes and socks. Okay?"
                                "Sure," he said, standing up again, his body still swaying slightly to the rhythm. "If that’s what you want. You’re the boss," and he grinned cheekily. I think he was really beginning to enjoy the attention he was receiving and the effect he knew he was having on me.
                               He began to swing his hips and sway his upper body more overtly. He brought his hands down from behind his head and slid them under the waist band of his shorts. My breathing quickened as he began to slowly push them downwards. More and more of his belly was revealed to me until I didn’t think he was wearing underpants. Then I saw a strip of white just above the bulge of his pubes as he wriggled his pants below his hips. He dropped the shorts to his ankles and he stood there spotlighted in the briefest of bikini undies. Dragging his tight shorts down had scrunched his underpants at the sides and he was left in what had become nothing more than a posing pouch. I zoomed in on that V, the little bulging pocket of material that held this lovely boy’s private treasures. The material was loose and in the viewfinder I could see him beneath it, his little penis and testes jiggling with his body’s movements.
                                 I slowly zoomed back out after a minute or so until he was again full length in the viewer. His body glistened with a film of sweat and I could feel trickles down my back and stomach as well. I took in this youngster. How beautiful he was. His slim body undulating in the glare of the lights was a feast for my eyes. He was evenly tanned all over except for a white strip around his lower body in the outline of his Speedos, that paleness accenting the deepness of his tan. He looked extremely erotic wearing only his scrunched up underpants and his white socks and black shoes. His eyes were open and he was looking straight at the camera now. His eyes had a dreamy look to them, the eyelids slightly drooping and I could tell Jay was lost in the music and his movements. 
                           He brought his hands to the waist band of his underpants and I held my breath as he began to lower them. Ever so slowly he pushed them down from his hips, exposing more and more of his groin. The material caught on the jut of his penis and held there for a long moment. I zoomed in on this area enthralled. His pubes were plump and smooth and I could not see any hairs at all even closeup. I could see the beginnings of his shaft, a pale thin tube of flesh protruding from under a slight crease of pubic skin disappearing into his underpants. 
                         Suddenly the underpants disappeared from view and my sight was filled with Jay’s beautiful young penis and I caught my breath. It was wonderful. He was uncircumcised, his penis slender and only about two inches long but it was unblemished, only the faintest trace of veins and capillaries showing through the delicately thin membrane covering its length. Its head was a small tapering bulge completely covered by his foreskin, coming to a blunt puckered point where his foreskin closed over its tip. His penis curved slightly downwards and moved with his dancing in a manner indicating its spongy firmness. I longed to touch its pliant form.
                             Beneath this curving delight hung the fairest scrotum I had ever seen. Jay’s testes were held in a pale, tender looking pouch of softness and the two eggs inside hung low, clearly visible within the loose sac. They jiggled with his movements, the strands of the tubes within his scrotum creasing each side alternately as the pouch swayed. His entire lower body was devoid of hair, his thighs and groin smooth and blemish free. I very slowly zoomed back out until Jay again filled the screen.
                               While I had been concentrating on his genitals, he had divested himself of his underpants and was now dancing naked but for his shoes and socks. His body was a delight in its entirety. Seeing him in his swimmers was nothing to seeing him without them. The balance to his young body the pale strip around his hips and the exposed genitals gave enhanced his beauty threefold. I stood up, leaving the video focussed on him and looked at him dancing slightly above me. I looked at his chest, his boy nipples so tiny but stiff, almost invisible against the tan of his skin. I looked down over his ribs to the slight swell of his belly, watching the muscles rippling as he twisted to the music. My gaze settled on his navel, the lights making it stand out clear enough so I could see the fold of skin over the umbilical knot in its centre. Then my gaze moved downwards to his treasures. My mouth was dry as I studied the youngster’s penis which was almost level with my eyes. How I wanted to take that little piece of flesh into my mouth, to feel its rubbery length swell and harden encased inside me. How I wanted to draw back that foreskin, to expose the shiny, moist head I knew was covered by that fleshy hood. To put my tongue  to that puckered opening at its tip, to taste the sweet taste I knew would be there. My penis ached in its tightness and throbbed with each beat of my heart.
                       My hands wanted to touch his testes, wanted to gently roll the two nuggets around in their sack, wanted to hold him on the palm of my hand. I wanted to press my face into the groove beside them and lick across that smooth soft skin, to touch my tongue to those slippery eggs and to suck them one at a time into my mouth. My palms were sweaty with my thoughts.
                       I ran my eyes down his bare thighs, over his knees and down to his feet. His ankles were covered by his white socks, his feet encased in their black
shoes. It would not be long before these would be removed and Jay would be completely naked to my eyes.
                       As if reading my thoughts, Jay slowly lowered himself, bending his knees until he was squatting on the floor, letting his hands caress down his sides, hips, thighs and shins until they were at the laces of his left shoe. I went back to the camera viewfinder and zoomed slowly in on his foot. I slipped the camera from off the tripod and moved forwards enabling me to look down so I could film his feet more clearly. I knelt on the lounge and used its back to steady myself, then concentrated on the boy before me. 
                        He undid the laces and spread the shoe open. Then he raised the heel of his foot and the shoe slipped off. He drew it slowly along his foot until it was removed completely and his foot was left encased only in his white sock. He slid the shoe away and his hands went to the top of his sock and hooked under the band. He knew I was focussed in on him and he very deliberately lowered the sock, exposing his ankle so tantalisingly slowly. His heel was still raised and he rolled the sock beneath it and along the length of his foot. As each millimetre of skin was uncovered I captured it in my viewfinder, the rounded firmness of his heel, the creasing beneath his sole from the way his foot was arched up, the high curve of his arch and the fleshy pad beneath his toes. And then the sock was gone, whisked off the end of his foot and I could see his toes. I panned along them, taking in their beauty. They were long and slim, the big toe slightly apart from the others, curving slightly away from the angle of his foot. I examined it through the camera, seeing the fineness of it, the gentle fattening towards its tip similar to the gentle swelling of his glans at the end of his penile shaft. His toe was elongated, coming to a point rather than a roundness, the fleshy end extending beyond the rounded curve of his nail. The nail was ivory white, clean and clipped, a paler strip of cuticle showing clearly against the nail colour at its base. His other toes had the same long slenderness, and the same ivory white nails. Not one of them was marked in any way. Even his little toe was longer than I had expected, almost as long as the toe beside it. The angle his foot was resting at caused his toes to be slightly splayed against the polished wood floor and I panned backwards and forwards across them, each one in turn filling my vision in the viewfinder. 
                           Then I saw the pressure being removed from his foot as each toe relaxed and I zoomed out as Jay swapped his feet positions over, bringing his right foot forward to remove its shoe and sock. As I panned across to it, I panned across his genitals hanging beneath his bent-over belly and I couldn’t resist going in between his thighs to film them in close-up again. His penis was aimed directly at the camera because of the way he was squatting and I was able to make out the pinky redness of his glans through the little puckered opening of his foreskin. I thought I could also just discern the slit in its tip. If my wishes were granted, it wasn’t going to be too long before I would be able to see that tender flesh come out  from under its hood and maybe even get to touch and taste it.
                           I focussed on the testes dangling below. They were swaying from side to side as Jay kept moving his hips slightly in time with the music. They were larger than I had first thought, now I could see them so closely and I realised he was probably developed enough to have orgasms, even though his penis was still that of a younger boy. I was unsure of when the ability to climax occurred in a boy’s life. Maybe he needed to have started getting pubic hair, or his penis may need to thicken. I didn’t know. I know I started late, living in a house of only women, and not knowing anything about orgasms or sex until I was well in to high school. I can’t remember my age when I had my first wet dream, but I think it was before I got pubic hair. All I can remember, apart from the sensational feeling while it was occuring, was the fear of my mother finding out. I guess I would have then been able to masturbate to a climax, but I didn’t do that until my teens. Can an eleven year old do it? Maybe I would get to find out!
                           I brought the camera around and down onto Jay’s right foot just in time to see him removing his shoe. Again he drew it slowly along his foot, then whisked it away across the polished floor. Again, he slowly rolled his white sock down over his ankle, drew it around his heel then unpeeled it along his right foot. And again I followed it down in close-up until it finally exposed his toes and was withdrawn and flung to join its mate over near the wall. 
                        Jay’s right foot was almost a mirror of his left except for a partially distorted nail on his little toe. His big toe had the same slightly pointed end like its counterpart. The nail was similarly coloured and clipped. His other toes were slender and long, their nails also clean and well-groomed with the nail on his little toe slightly uneven across its top. I wondered what had caused this minor imperfection, although it did not detract from the overall beauty of his feet. In fact, this blemish seemed to bring Jay back into reality for me, made me realise I was almost in danger of putting this child on a pedestal of beauty that could make him seem unattainable to me. This slight flaw, caused most probably by some boyish mishap, would keep me seeing him as just a boy, albeit a very beautiful one, who I have been able to get to perform for me and with whom I could most probably become sexually involved. 
                        As I panned back out from his foot, Jay stood up again and I raised the camera upwards  along his body. He truly was magnificent now completely naked, his hips swaying suggestively, arms again raised above his head, his slim tanned body open totally to my sight. I could not keep my eyes away from the white strip around his hips that drew my attention to his sex and I looked back at it jiggling around as his movements became more abandoned. To my delight I could see the reddish tip of his glans beginning to peek out from under the hood of his foreskin and I realised he was becoming erect. Jay’s small organ was slowly swelling, forcing the glans to spread its tight covering and to poke out into my view.
                         I zoomed back in onto it, the viewfinder once more filled with Jay’s penis. My own organ was achingly hard and I knew I was leaking, I could feel the coldness of a patch of pre-cum wetting the front of my nylon shorts. The tightness of my shorts pressing against my hard shaft was almost unbearable. I wanted to remove them but was still not sure enough of what Jay’s reaction might be. Seeing him becoming erect himself, though, gave me more optimism that he would not object to what I had in mind for us both. 
                        I stared entranced as Jay’s penis hardened, the youngster’s shaft slowly swelling and lengthening as it filled. The foreskin was gradually sliding back over the expanding crown and more and more of the tender red flesh was exposed, the rim becoming more pronounced under the thin skin as his glans swelled. The end of Jay’s penis was shiny and I realised he must be discharging a lubricant as he stiffened, which meant he would be able to ejaculate. The size of his organ as it became harder was also surprising. It was doubling in width and length, becoming more 'teenage’ looking and seeming to be too big for his young body. I was pleased, though, as I liked larger penises. He was certainly on the verge of maturity, especially when seen like this.
                            Slowly his penis lifted, jutting out from his pubes and rising stiffly, swaying from side to side as he continued to dance. As it rose, the foreskin pulled back further and further until the glans was finally released. I licked my lips, trying to moisten my dried mouth. He was stunning. His penis was almost upright, the stretched foreskin caught in a fold at the junction of the glans and shaft just below the slit. The glans was shiny rose-red, raw looking out of its protective covering. There was a clear little drop of fluid at its tip. The shaft was smooth and the traces of veins and capillaries beneath the thin tight skin were more clearly visible because of its swollen state. It had thickened considerably and was now about as thick as my thumb and as long as my finger. I could almost feel it inside my mouth. It looked delicious! The urethra made a thick ridge up its underside and I longed to run my finger up that ridge to press his young juices out of its opening.
                           Jay’s testes has tightened as he had stiffened and I studied them through the view-finder. The skin of his scrotum had puckered up, drawing each nugget tightly against the ridge of his perenium, and they stuck out clearly, like two bantam eggs under his skin. His wrinkled scrotal skin was now a darker brown colour, in stark contrast to the paleness of the surrounding flesh which was a creamy white. 
                         I zoomed out from that beautiful sight until Jay once again filled the screen. He still had his hands above his head and his eyes were closed, the tip of his tongue visible between his soft lips. He was completely lost in the music, his body moving in steady motion. He seemed oblivious of his swaying erection. I replaced the camera back on it’s tripod and checked the boy was still in focus, drawing the range of view out a little more so he could be seen full-length in the viewer.
                          Suddenly there was silence. It surprised Jay as much as me and he stopped dancing, opened his eyes and stood still. Then he brought his hands quickly down to hide himself, cupping his genitals in both hands and looking very embarrassed.
                        I stood up, leaving the camera running, and stepped towards him.
                         "What’s the matter, Jay? Why are you covering yourself up?" 
                         "Er...um...I...I’ve got a stiffy," he blurted out, his face turning red. He looked down at the floor, keeping his hands over himself.
                         "I know. I saw it," I commented with a smile as I walked up the steps towards him. I saw his eyes look towards me, flicker to the front of my shorts, saw them widen a little when he saw me beneath them and then dart away to focus back on the floor. The silence was broken only by the sound of our breathing. "You can see I’ve got one too, buddy. It’s nothing to be ashamed of."
                          "But you can see mine," he murmured, his eyes flickering to my groin and away again. "I’ve got nothing on."
                          My heart skipped a beat. Here was my opening. "Would you feel better if I took my shorts off, Jay? Would you feel more comfortable about things if you could see my stiffy as well?" I walked over to stand beside him. He looked quite vulnerable standing there naked, his hands cupping his organs but the tip of his penis just peeking out from above where his hands joined, his face blushing.
                           "Uh...I dunno, Mr...er...Steve. I’ve never seen a man’s...I mean, what are you going...isn’t it wrong to, you know...." The poor boy was becoming really flustered. I could tell by the way he kept glancing at me and the look on his face and the way he spoke that he really did want me to undress, that he did want to see my penis and maybe experience whatever I might have in mind, but was reluctant or embarrassed to say it openly.
                           "I tell you what, Jay. I’ll take my shorts off so we are both equal. Then, if you want to...er...do things, I’ll give you an extra fifty dollars. I won’t do anything you ask me not to, or make you do anything you don’t want to, but, if you can overcome your shyness, you can earn double the money. What do you think?" I put my hand on his bare shoulder and could feel him trembling. "I certainly won’t hurt you, Jay," I added reassuringly.
                            He looked up at me and I felt him relax a little. His voice trembled a little though when he spoke. "I guess I would feel better if you were undressed too, Steve. And I guess I’d like to earn an extra fifty dollars." This last part was said very softly and he averted his face but not before I had seen the blush resurface on it. 
                            I squeezed his shoulder. "Good lad. I knew when I first asked you to do this that you were a game boy. And I was right. And you’ll have as much fun as me, Jay, I’m sure. Just don’t be embarrassed. There’s only you and me here. Come on, take your hands away from your penis and let me look at you." 
                            "Are...Aren’t you going to undress first?" he asked shyly, looking back up at me.
                            "Would you rather look at me first?" I asked smiling. "Would that make you feel a bit more comfortable?" He nodded. "Okay, Jay. I don’t mind. In fact I’d like you to look at me. If you want to touch me, that’s okay as well, because I would like to touch you when its my turn." 
                            I stepped back from Jay, who turned slightly towards me, his hands still joined in front of his groin. I made sure I was still in what I thought would be the camera range and hooked my thumbs into the waist band of my shorts. I slowly eased them down, freeing my engorged and quivering erection. 
                             "Wow!" I heard Jay exclaim softly as I dropped my pants, exposing myself to his gaze. I kept my pubic area, scrotum and between my legs shaved  as smooth as a young boy’s and, in fact, have no body hair apart from that on my head. Not only did I prefer this as part of my desire for young boys, but it made my penis and testes look even larger; and I liked the feel of myself hairless when I stroked my body. I looked down at myself, knowing the boy’s gaze was fixed upon me as well. My penis was good-sized, around eight inches in length and about four and a half in circumference. I was circumcised and my glans was a neat, flared cap on the end of my shaft. Pre-cum was smeared around the crown and a fresh droplet was already beginning to ooze out of my opening. My testes were slightly smaller than hen’s eggs and made quite a bulge between my thighs. They were heavy and usually hung low. It was only if I was very cold or I went swimming in cold water that they ever shrunk upwards. I was fairly narcissic about my body and my sexual apparatus and kept myself in good physical condition. I have never felt awkward or embarrassed when undressed and I certainly didn’t feel so now.
                               I stood still so Jay could look me over and, after a few moments, I saw him slowly withdraw his hands from in front of himself, bringing his delightful treasures into my sight again. His testes were still withdrawn against his body, but his penis was almost standing upright against his belly, the glans swollen and deep plum red. I could see a shiny trail running from its slit to an inch or so down the front of the shaft. The boy was as turned on as I was! I saw his hands make a move towards me, then hesitate.
                              "Would you like to touch it?" I asked softly. "I don’t mind. In fact I’d like you to. Don’t be scared."
                               Jay didn’t say a word, his eyes glued to me. Slowly he reached a hand out towards me, hesitatingly, getting closer and closer. He stopped only millemetres from me, his fingers shaking, and he looked up at me.
                              "It’s okay, Jay. You can touch it."
                               Tentatively he moved his fingers forwards until, finally, he touched me. It was like an electric shock passing through me. My penis twitched in response and Jay jerked his hand back in surprise. I laughed and put my hand out to his shoulder and squeezed it.
                               "Wow!" I said. "You really have an effect on me. Go ahead and take hold of it, Jay. It feels really great."
                                "Uhn...I don’t know, Steve. It’s strange. I don’t know whether I should...it seems funny..." Jay tapered off, his hands going back to shield himself again.
                                "What’s the problem, Jay? I thought you wanted to earn the extra money? Are you just shy? Or don’t you want to go on?"
                                "I do want to earn the money, Steve. Its just that ... you know ... you’re a  man ... men aren’t supposed to ... you know ..."
                                 "Hey, Jay. I told you this afternoon I liked boys and I liked looking at them, videoing them. I also like touching them. You didn’t mind when I touched you this afternoon, did you?" He blushed and shook his head. "I can see you are excited now and I know you want to touch me," I went on, "So what’s the problem. It is only between you and me, you know. I would really like to touch you again, now you have nothing on." I trailed my fingers down his chest to his nipple, touching the small nub and seeing goose-bumps rise on his skin in response.
                                     Jay looked down at my fingers then to my jutting erection. He then glanced back up at me, his cheeks red. "I guess I want you to do things to me, Steve, but I don’t know what to do. I guess I’m nervous and scared I’ll do something wrong, or you’ll think I’m stupid, or something."
                                    "That certainly won’t happen, Jay. You can’t do anything 'wrong’. Your innocence is an attraction for me. I’ll show and tell you what I like and what to do. Come on, now. Take your hands away and let me see you." 
                                     Slowly the young lad removed his hands and once more I could see his penis. It had begun to wilt during our discussion and curved outwards from his bare pubes, the foreskin recovering half of the glans already. I could see a clear drop of fluid glistening at its tip. I was aware that the camera was still going, recording everything that was happening between me and the boy, and that added to the excitement of this seduction.
                                      "Would you like me to make you stiff again?" I asked him, moving my hand downwards from his nipple. He didn’t answer, but didn’t make any move to stop me so I continued, turning my hand so the palm ran flat along his body. I could feel his ribs under his smooth skin, could feel his heart beating hard. I moved downwards onto his flat belly, letting my hand stop a moment to feel his belly rise and fall with his breathing, allowing my fingers to rest in the groove of his navel. Then I proceeded down towards his naked pubes. My penis was throbbing and I wanted Jay to touch it, but I was prepared to wait until he was fully ready. I knew it would not be too much longer. As my hand slowly caressed over the fleshy mound of his pubes heading towards the base of his penis, I saw it slowly rising again, thickening and lengthening as it rose. I curved my hand around its very base, where it joined his body, my fingers and thumb lightly resting on the mounds of his testes held tightly against his body. Jay groaned and his penis quivered erect, the glans shiny and swollen and pointing straight up at me.
                                       "It feels good, doesn’t it, Jay?" I said quietly, closing my fingers around his shaft and beginning to stroke up its length. "You are so hard. Your penis is beautiful." I gripped him gently just below his glans and dragged his foreskin backwards and forwards slightly across its flared rim. "This is your most sensitive part. I could make you come like this. Can you feel it tingling?"
                                     He tried to answer me but only grunted. He swallowed and tried again. "Yes, Steve. Ooohh! It’s almost hurt... Uunh!" I felt him jerk between my fingers then he suddenly cried out. I couldn’t believe it! Jay was climaxing, his penis squirting his first ejaculation!
                                     I held onto him, putting my other arm around his shoulders to steady him as he began to buckle at the knees. We were both turned towards the camera and I hoped this was being clearly filmed. Jay’s first burst of semen shot out in a long clear thread, arcing out from his penis and laying a shiny trail across the polished wood floor. He grunted as he spasmed again and I felt his penis throb between my fingers as it sent a second streak, this one slightly more opaque and thicker than the first, to land beside it. Jay’s eyes were closed, his fists clenched against his sides, his body leaning in to mine. I felt close to coming myself, watching his young penis discharging. His third ejaculation spurted out but did not have the same force as the other two. The thread of sperm was like a fishing-line being cast as it arced out but it remained attached to his penis so it fell downwards, trailing across my hand as it descended to leave a sticky trail along his penis, my hand and his thigh. Jay’s climax was short, though, and the next discharge just oozed from him in a couple of less intense throbs, a thick greyish blob forming at the end of his penis, expanding until it slid over the crown where it hung momentarily before dripping downwards, landing on his foot.
                                         As his orgasm subsided, Jay slowly relaxed, his body leaning in further to me untl his head was resting on my chest, my arm the only thing keeping him upright it seemed. I continued holding his penis, my hand still, allowing his sensations to slowly ease. He gave a couple of huge sighs, his body trembling, his arms hanging slackly at his sides.
                                    We stood like that for several minutes, the only sound was that of our breathing. Our bodies were shiny with sweat, Jay’s breath on my chest making a patch of coolness on my skin. As he relaxed, his body moved in closer and closer until he was against me, my penis resting against his chest, his penis pressed against my thigh. He suddenly turned full on to me, trapping my penis between our bodies, his arms going around my hips and he hugged me. I returned his hug, letting go of his still hard shaft and putting my hands behind him, one across his bare back, the other grasping his firm buttocks and pressing him into me. My penis was under Jay’s chin and I felt him moving himself against it, rubbing his chin over the slippery crown.
                                      I looked down onto the top of his head. "It felt good, did it, buddy? It certainly looked good," I said softly.
                                      "Mmmmm!" he said, snuggling in to my chest. Then he leaned back and looked up at me. "I guess that was a 'come’, hey, Steve? I’ve heard a couple of my friends talking about 'coming’ and 'jacking off’ but I didn’t know what they meant really. I had a bit of an idea, but nothing like it really is. It was radical. Do you come like that?"
                                      I gazed down into his excited blue eyes. He was so innocent and yet so sensual. Only a few minutes ago he had been embarrassed and shy and now here he was naked hugging a naked man whose erection was squashed against his chest. My glans was sticking up between us, swollen and red. I could feel my testes pressed tightly against his belly and I knew he must also be aware of them.
                                        "I guess all men come like that, although I don’t usually squirt as far as you did," I said smiling. He beamed back up at me, his eyes twinkling.
                                        "I’m a man," he laughed. "Boy! I sure grew up fast!"  He looked down at me, moving his upper body back a little and freeing my penis. It’s tip reached almost to his chin. "I’d like to see you come, Steve. I’d like to see what your’s looks like when it does."
                                          "Do you want to do it to me, Jay?"
                                          "Could I? What do I do?"
                                          "Just take hold of my penis and rub your hand up and down on it and I’ll come. I reckon it won’t take me long, the way I’m feeling."
                                         His shyness of just a few minutes back had certainly gone. He took hold of my stiffness in his right hand, stepping back a little more to enable him to move more freely. I could hardly contain myself as his young fingers circled my shaft about halfway along its length. He couldn’t join his fingers around its width but he gripped the solid flesh firmly. His palm was across the back of my penis, his fingertips and thumbtip either side of my urethral ridge. He pointed it at himself and began to pump up and down. I put my hand over his.
                                           "Rub backwards and forwards, Jay. Make the loose skin go up and down over the shaft like this," and I demonstrated with his hand. "Mmmm. That feels great. You’re doing great." My voice was croaky, and I could feel my climax building rapidly as much as from the eroticism of this scene as from the boy’s inexperienced ministrations. I let go of his hand and he continued rubbing. We were both looking at the crimson head of my organ, watching the slit opening and closing as he jerked his hand up and down. "I’m not going to be long," I told him, my body tensing. "Keep a steady rhythm."
                                           Jay was concentrating hard on making me come, the tip of his tongue protruding through his pursed lips. I looked down upon him, seeing his beautiful nude body shiny with sweat, watching his hand working on my erection, seeing his stiff penis twitching with his movements. My testes jiggled around as he tugged me and their motion heightened my sensations. I could hold back no longer!
                                            "Uuhn! I’m coming..." I grunted as my first spasm hit me. I had never had those 'super climaxes’ one reads about, where huge bursts of semen spray all around. My climaxes were intense, but I tended to squirt only inches and only the first one or two spasms. My sperm usually oozed from me, dribbling out in several waves of pleasure to either run down my penis or drip onto my lover or the floor or whatever. Imagine my surprise (and Jay’s delight) when my first spasm sent a jet of semen up between us, a long thread of fluid reaching almost to my chin where it seemed to hang for a moment before arcing back and splashing across Jay’s shoulder and chest. It was followed by another spasm almost as intense, squirting another string of my sticky juices up between us, this time falling lower and leaving a slimy trail down Jay’s belly. The following emmissions were more like my normal climax, my sperm coming out in thick globules and flowing down my penis, gathering at the join of Jay’s hand on me in a white creamy pool. Jay watched it in fascination.
                                           My spasms slowly eased off, my discharge slowing to a halt and my muscles began to relax.
                                            "Phew!!" I breathed out. "Oh boy, Jay. That was fantastic! I’ve never had a come like that since I was your age."
                                           He laughed, looking up at me. He kept his hand around my penis and was rubbing it up and down, spreading my cream all over the shaft. He was obviously enjoying the slippery feel of it as he slid along its length. I squirmed as his hand slid over the sensitive glans seeking more of my fluids and I had to hold him again.
                                       We stood like that for several minutes, both of us joined at my penis, each of us enjoying the abating sensations and content just to be standing close and having that most intimate contact. We had shared a very special moment and I knew that it was something Jay would never forget. I also knew that Jay would be a party to the next part of my plan. I knew he would now do whatever I asked. He had come too far to turn back. I knew he would be eager to experience whatever else I could show him; and to earn the money I was offering to do those things would be an attraction he could not resist.
                                          "Wait there, Jay, while I get a towel." I finally said, easing myself away from him. I had begun to go soft and Jay reluctantly let go of me as I moved. "I’ll clean us both off. You just stay as you are," I told him as I walked to the bathroom, which was off a short hallway off the lounge-room, towards my bedroom. I grabbed a hand towel from the railing, dampened it at the sink and went back into the lounge. Jay hadn’t moved. I stopped and gazed at him.
                                           He looked beautiful in the lights, his body glistening with sweat and streaked with our fluids. His penis was still semi-erect, curving outwards from his bare pubes. His scrotum had softened again and his testicles now hung like a pear from his groin. He was rubbing his finger around in circles in the slippery glob of my semen that was streaked across his chest. He spread the fluid over and around his nipple and I could see the little nub was erect. His other hand rubbed down his belly, smearing sweat and man-juice across the pale flesh and around his organs. My penis hardened again as I watched the boy exploring, discovering all of the delights and sensations he could from our experience. The expression on his face told me he was enjoying it all. And everything was being captured on video for my future pleasure!
                                              I watched him for several moments until he looked up and saw me and smiled shyly. I went over to him, conscious of my penis jutting out and swaying from side to side as I did so. Jay took it in his sticky hand as I came up to him and he did so with no hesitation or embarrassment, as though it was the most natural thing for him to do. At his touch I became fully erect again and looked down to see myself sticking up out of his small hand, my penis swollen and red and covered in my drying juices.
                                           "Will you come again?" Jay asked, beginning to rub his hand up and down my still sensitive shaft. 
                                             "Not for a while," I told him and he ceased rubbing and let go of me. "I’ll clean you up, Jay. But I’d like you to lie on the floor for me, on your back. Do you want a cushion?" He shook his head. "I want to clean you my way, so just lie there and let yourself go along with me. Okay?"
                                              Jay nodded and laid down on the floor. I stood entranced watching this young naked lad spreading himself out below me, trusting himself to my desires. He lay with his arms and legs spread, his penis lying back across his pubic bone, his testicles hanging between his thighs. 
                                            "You look beautiful like that, Jay," I said to him. "I’ll just get the video and set it up here so I can video this. Just stay like you are." I quickly retrieved the camera and tripod from the pit and set it up so as to get the whole of Jay and myself in it, angling down on him from the side so it would show everything he and I did. After setting it in operation, I moved to stand over his head. He looked up at me. 
                                      I knelt down, my knees either side of his head and began to wipe the drying sperm from his shoulders and chest with the damp cloth. I caressed his skin gently, moving the cloth in slow circles over him, paying extra attention to each nipple when I came to it. My penis was above Jay’s face, my scrotum dangling in front of him as I leaned forward to allow the cloth to move down onto his belly and towards his groin. I saw his penis rising until it was pointing stiffly up his body again and I wondered whether that was because of my touch, or whether it was because of what he could see. Either way, it was an effect that was for my pleasure.
                                         I wiped the drying semen from his belly, my bare hand softly running over his skin behind the cloth. I traced the line of his tan with my finger and smiled as his skin goose-bumped. I then did the same on the tanline at the top of his thigh that brought my finger to the edge of his groin. To reach him now I was leaning forward over Jay, my genitals dangling above him. I looked between our bodies and saw his eyes fixed upon me. His belly was rising and falling rapidly with his breaths. He was becoming highly aroused again. 
                                     I took hold of his little-boy penis, bringing the cloth over it and wiping the shaft clean. The glans was fully exposed and a shiny drop of his juice glistened at its slit. I leaned forward further, bringing my face nearer to him. His fresh smell was exciting, filling my senses with his slightly musky odour. My tongue reached out and touched the end of his penis, taking that wondrous droplet on its tip. As I drew it back, a shiny thread of him stretched between us like a spider’s silk momentarily, before releasing itself to me. I savoured his taste and texture, just a hint of saltiness and the feel of honey on my tongue. Jay gasped as I lowered my mouth over him, softly swiping along and around him, cleaning him and tasting his flesh and finally getting to feel the smoothness of his young hard rod in my mouth. I began sucking gently, forcing the crown against the roof of my mouth and sucking on him like a baby on a bottle, working my tongue against his shaft.
                                     Jay began to move around beneath me and I could hear him beginning to moan. I knew what was about to happen and I increased my suction. Jay squealed and his hands clutched my hips as his body thrust upwards. I felt him swell inside me then his sweet essence squirted out into my mouth. I didn’t need to swallow but held each small emission until his climax ceased, which wasn’t long in coming.
                                 He spurted only four times, the last with almost no fluid coming out of him, but his young body bucked on the floor as his sensations took control. It was even more intense than his first and it took several minutes for him to quieten and for his breathing to settle. I kept his penis held firmly in my mouth as he climaxed, gradually relaxing my suction as his orgasm subsided, finally allowing it to flop free onto his belly when his body was still. I swirled his semen around my mouth, allowing it to slide over my tongue and teeth. It was like the white of an egg, thicker strands of jelly within the gluey paste. It tasted a little like egg-whites as well, with a hint of acidity and saltiness combined. It was not as strongly flavoured as my own or that of older youths I had tasted, and had a freshness that was highly erotic and could certainly become highly addictive. 
                              I finally swallowed and sat back up. I looked down at the boy whose head was between my thighs. My penis had been leaking and there was a silken thread of me running from a globule on his chest, up over his face and to the end of my upright penis. Jay’s eyes were closed and I watched his tongue come out between his lips and moisten them, breaking the thread as he did so. It dangled from my penis like a pearl earring before releasing and landing on his lips. His eyes sprang open and he licked his lips before he realised what it was that had dropped on him. I smiled down on him as I saw realisation register and he knew he had my semen in his mouth. I didn’t know what his reaction was going to be, whether he would be upset or not, and it was a great relief when I saw him smile back at me and swallow. I leaned down and kissed him, pressing my lips gently against his. He allowed our contact to linger, making no move to draw his mouth away, and I ran the tip of my tongue onto the inside of his lips, just touching his teeth. His lips opened for me and I felt the fleeting brush of his tongue against mine as he tentatively responded to my invasion. 
                                   I gently broke contact, the awkwardness of our position winning out over the pleasure I was receiving from the boy. I stroked his face as I straightened up. "You are a very exciting young boy, Jay," I told him. "You can see the effect you have on me." He made a move to take my penis again but I stopped his hand. "No, matey. I have something else in mind now. You just lie there and I’ll see if I can get you hard again."
                                   I crawled down over him, feeling his eyes following me down his body. I noticed his penis was resting on his pubes, its head withdrawn almost completely back inside the foreskin. It had taken on its small-boy look again, its small size giving no indication of its capabilities. As much as I was tempted to touch it, I resisted and continued moving towards the objects of my desire.
                                   Jay’s feet were spread outwards, lying almost sideways on the floor he was so relaxed. There was the shiny blob of his sperm that had dripped onto his right foot. It was drying around the edge and had not dribbled off due to its thicker consistancy. I moved to below his feet and turned back to face up his body. He was still watching me, looking down along his body. I glanced up at his penis and it was still flaccid, although the glans seemed to be less covered than when I passed over it. 
                                     I turned my attention back to Jay’s feet, squatting on my haunches between them. I took his left leg in my hands and raised it to rest across my thigh, his foot just touching my bare belly, alongside my erection. I began to massage the top of his foot, rubbing my thumbs over and between the tendons and bones. My fingers pressed into the flesh of his arch and stroked back towards his heel. Jay’s toes wriggled and I realised he was ticklish. I made my strokes as firm as I could as the last thing I wanted was for him to start laughing and pulling away from me. But he did the opposite, pressing his foot in towards my belly and wriggling his toes so his big toe flicked against my penis. I looked up and he was watching. He was deliberately using his foot to excite me. It was as though he had realised what my needs were and was letting me know he knew.
                                 I looked back down to what I was doing. His foot was softer than I had imagined when I was looking at it through the view-finder of the camera. The sole was not hard and calloused even though I knew he, like most of the children living here, went barefoot much of the time. I worked my hands along his foot, massaging towards his toes. Jay stretched like a cat, sensuous and sated when I finally took his big toe into my grasp, wrapping my fingers around it completely, stretching and squeezing it gently as I did so. Then I unwrapped it, cradling his foot in my right hand and exploring each toe with my left. 
                                  His big toe was long and I studied the rounded point at its end. It was fleshy and soft and the pointed part protruded way beyond the end of the bone. This gave his toes the distinctive shape I had noted through the camera. His nail was clean and trimmed and felt warm and smooth to my touch. His knuckle was neat, no knobby protruberance but a slight bump indicating its presence. The gap between his big toe and the next was almost wide enough to fit my finger. His big toe splayed outwards, even in it’s relaxed state, which was something else I had noticed earlier.
                                    I went along each toe, stroking and fondling each in turn. They were all long, and all had that rather distinctive point at their tip, beyond the nail. I squeezed each toe, rubbing my fingers between them and under them, paying extra attention to each fleshy pad. I finally came to his little toe and Jay squirmed delightfully as I gave it my attention. I gently manipulated it between my fingers, paying extra attention to it’s slightly roughened nail. Looking at it close-up, I could see a faint scar down the side of his toe, coming from the slight indent running across the nail. It appeared as though both the nail and toe had been cut, a long time ago by the faintness of the scars, and the nail had retained a permanent indentation from that injury. 
                                  I brought the tender morsel up to my mouth, raising Jay’s leg as I did so which brought new delights to my eyes. Looking up between his spread thighs, I could see his testes laying against his cleft. The strip of pale skin between his buttocks was smooth and unblemished and his almost transparent scrotum lay flattened against it bringing each teste into stark relief. It was almost as though they were nakedly exposed, stuck there without any covering. The sperm tubes and blood vessels running from each egg up into Jay’s groin were clearly visible beneath the thin skin. I also noticed Jay’s penis had begun to swell again and the glans was visible to me like  a small satsuma plum on the end of a thick, fleshy stalk. 
                                   How I envied his youthful virility, his insatiable sexual arousals. My own second arousal was nearing its peak but I knew I would be sated and unable to become sexually excited for quite some time afterward my second climax  so I wanted to prolong this moment for as long as I could. It was becoming extremely difficult now I had the objects of my desire within my grasp.
                                   Keeping my gaze fastened on his groin, I slowly moved my mouth over his little toe, capturing that stubby little organ between my lips and drawing it inside my mouth. I ran my tongue over and around it, paying extra attention to the indent on his nail and down the side of the faint scar. I ran my tongue beneath his toe and between it and it’s neighbour. I could taste the salty, 
musty taste of Jay, the faint odour of his socks filling my nostrils. It was a taste and smell I truly found erotic and I could feel my penis and testicles tightening as my excitement steadily built up.
                                I opened my mouth wider, sliding my lips over all of Jay’s toes until they were all enclosed within my mouth. I teased and licked around each one, running my tongue along the end of each nail, between each join, under each pad. I sucked each one individually in turn, using the same sucking technique as I had when I had sucked on his penis. I am certain he was aware of my stimulation of his toes as being the same as that on his penis; that he knew that what I was doing was as erotic and as exciting for me as fellating him, because I could see his penis stiffening  as I worked him. It swelled until it again stood out from his groin, poking rigidly up over his belly. 
                                  I released his toes and, lifting his leg higher, licked across his sole and up around his arch to the top of his foot. My hands stroked the groove around his ankle and my thumbs caressed and massaged his heel. Jay wrinkled his foot as my tongue again washed under his arch and I slid the tip along each little fold his flesh made. His taste and odour were stronger underneath his foot and filled my senses. My saliva flowed freely as his sweet smell stimulated me more and more and each time I swallowed I savoured the taste of my young lover.
                                 I could see Jay was also becoming more and more aroused and he was beginning to flex his body on the floor, his back arching, his hands clenching and buttocks tensing. Soft moans came from him and his head rocked slowly from side to side. 
                                 I took his right leg in my left hand and brought his foot up to my mouth, lowering his left foot back onto my lap, to the right of my upright penis. I manoeuvred it until my rod rested against its length. I then held his right foot in both hands, cradling it around the heel, his toes pointed up towards me. The small dollop of his sperm was almost dried, only the centre still moist. I leaned over and licked his essence away, the taste of his boy-cream so fresh to my mouth after the more pungent taste from his foot.
                                 I washed his foot with my tongue, swiping across the top, underneath his arch, around his heel and the ball of his foot, around each toe and across each nail. Again I sucked each toe into my mouth, sucking on them as I would a small hard penis. Jay was squirming now as I worked upon his foot, and his left foot pressed over my penis, pressing it back against my belly. His movements rubbed his foot against me and I could hold back no longer. 
                                   I clenched down over his foot in my mouth as I began climaxing. The spasms racked my body and I couldn’t help crying out. Jay must have realised what was happening and he pressed his foot even harder into my groin. My penis spurted its fluids up in another series of powerful ejaculations, more intense than I had had for a long time and almost as intense as my earlier climax. My sperm streaked up my belly and chest and ran down Jay’s foot. I couldn’t believe I could discharge so much after already coming once, but there seemed to be even more than before. And the sensations were as powerful. 
                                   It was several long moments before I could catch my breath and before my body began to relax. As it did so, I sank to my knees and my body folded over Jay’s feet and legs, trapping them in my lap as I stroked my hands over his upper legs, groin and belly. He just lay supine for me, allowing me to caress him and to touch him where I wanted to. His penis was still hard and I took hold of it in my hand. I began to masturbate him and was surprised when he jerked and stopped my hand. I could feel the end was sticky and I suddenly realised the boy had also come again. My ministrations to his feet had caused him to reach a climax! I couldn’t believe my good fortune. Not only had I found a young boy who would allow me to look at him naked, allow me to touch him all over, allow me to bring to a climax and who would also touch me and bring me to a climax as well, but I had found one who also got extreme sexual pleasure from his feet and legs. I pressed my mouth to his groin, kissing around his slowly softening sex. He put his hands on my head, his fingers gently tangling in my hair. We stayed like that for several minutes, each enjoying the other’s touch.
                                      Finally I sat back up. I could feel my sticky emmissions cooling on my skin and I took the washcloth and cleaned myself off and then Jay’s feet. As I wiped over Jay, I gazed up at him, delighted at the trust he was exhibiting towards me. He lay comfortably relaxed, his body exposed, open and vulnerable to my desires. I cleansed each foot, laying each leg either side of my body as I finished. He made no moves to hide himself, but lay with arms and legs spread, looking back at me with a smile on his lips.
                                I then stood up, seeing his eyes follow me, looking long and intently at my genitals before rising to meet my eyes. I winked at him and reached a hand towards him. He took my hand in his and I gently pulled him up off the floor. He hugged himself into me as he stood, giving me a squeeze before stepping away.
                                 "What do we do now," he asked. 
                                  "I think we’ve done enough for now. Don’t you?" I responded, moving around him to head for the passageway to the bathroom and my bedroom. I turned off the video as I went past it and continued to the bedroom after throwing the flannel into the laundry basket. Jay stayed in the lounge. I took my wallet off the dresser and took two fifty dollar bills out of it. I took them back to the lounge and handed them to Jay.
                                  "Is that all you wanted? I thought..." Jay’s voice trailed off and he looked a little confused. 
                                   "Hey, Jay. Its fine. You did what I wanted. You earned your hundred dollars." I stepped down into the pit and sat on the lounge. He came down after me.
                                   "I didn’t mean the money. I meant ... I thought you ..."
                                   "You liked what we did, hey? Do you want more?" I smiled at him as he sat down beside me. I put my hand on his thigh. "We have to finish off now, buddy, but I do have another proposition for you. If you want."
                                     "You bet!" he exclaimed eagerly, turning towards me causing my hand to slide into his bare lap.
                                   I tweaked his soft boyhood between my finger and thumb. "I sure like touching this, buddy, and I’d like you to come here again on Saturday. And I’d like you to bring a couple of friends."
                                   He looked at me in surprise. "You want me to ask other kids to come? To do the same as you and me?"
                                   I nodded, seeing a flash of disappointment cross his face. "Yes, Jay. I’d like you and a couple of your mates to dance and strip off for me to film. If they’d do the other things you and I did, they can earn extra as well. But you will be the special boy, buddy." I ran my hand around his groin. "Your little penis has given me immense pleasure today and you and I share something very special. I’d also like to see you with other boys, though. It would excite me even more. Can you do it for me?"
                                    Jay put his hand on my soft penis. "I’ll try, Steve. I really did like what we did. I liked seeing you come. And you made me feel fantastic. Will we do that again? Just you and me?"
                                     I put my arm around him and pulled him to me. "Anytime you want to, Jay. Any time you want. Just you and me. But I want you to get some mates for Saturday. Okay?"
                                       "Okay, Steve."
                                      "Good lad. Now make sure you can trust them before you say anything." He nodded. "Get two boys around your age. Do you have anyone in mind?"
                                     He nodded again. "My best friend, Chris, has an older brother. Chris told me they do things together, you know, sexy things."
                                     Hmmm." My excitement grew at his words. "They sound like they might be just right. As long as they are good looking, like you," I added smiling.
                                      Jay blushed. "Yeah, I think they are," he said.
                                      I stood up and stretched. "Fine, then. You’d better get dressed now. I’ll look forward to Saturday."
                                       Jay stood up and walked back up to the upper level to get his clothes. I watched him as I turned off the lights. How gorgeous he looked. My eyes caressed his nude body as he bent down to retrieve each article, then as he sat on the floor and began dressing. As he was doing up his shoes I joined him, picking up my shorts but not bothering to put them on. It was surprising that Jay became all shy and embarrassed again, because he was fully clothed and I was naked. He kept glancing down at me, and I felt myself stiffening again under his gaze. I put my hand on his shoulder and steered him towards the door.
                                     "Come on, little mate. It’s time to finish off. I’ll see you and your friends on Saturday, about two o’clock. And remember to keep everything quiet unless you are sure they’ll be in it. Okay?"
                                     "Yeah. Okay, Steve." He looked up at me as I opened the door, stepping back so I couldn’t be seen from outside. "I really enjoyed this afternoon," he said. "I’m pretty sure Chris and his brother will be in it. They’d be mugs if they don’t. You’re getting stiff again, Steve." He reached out and tugged me, laughing. "Don’t let the neighbours see," he said cheekily.
                                        I smacked him playfully on the buttocks and pushed him out the door. "You cheeky little bugger," I laughed, almost closing the door. "You wait 'til Saturday."
                                        "Sure will," he said then ran off down the path with a quick wave. I watched him go out the gate before finally closing the door. 
                                        "What a kid!" I thought.  I took hold of myself as I wandered back into the lounge. I was stiff again, much to my surprise. I slowly rubbed myself as I got the video camera and began rewinding the tape. I was still hard as I plugged the leads into the television. I began playing the tape and lay down on the lounge to watch, my hand beginning a slow and rhythmic stroking as my young lover began to dance.



More to come.................................
         
--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....