
    Videos

          by J. D.

               Remote Sysop, The Great White North {Snow Country}
               207-627-4169

          My  neighbor Carol and I had planned an evening of lovemaking and
    I decided that I would create a 'best of' video for her  viewing.   Her
    interests  are  more varied than mine, so I had to rent a few movies to
    complete it.
          I have mentioned my preference to women, but haven't detailed why
    this is so.  Most of my experiences with men have left me  dissatisfied
    because  my  dates have either been too involved with themselves or too
    involved with me.  Sex should be reciprocal.  In any  case,  those  men
    who  have  large cocks seem to dwell on that fact and aren't interested
    in foreplay or afterplay.  The  ones  who  are  less  endowed  are  too
    concerned  about  it  and  tend  to  frequently interrupt lovemaking to
    apologize for their supposed inadequacy.  For the male readers, size is
    of no importance!!!  It isn't what you have but what you  do  with  it.
    The  men  I  have met also tend to be unconcerned with birth control or
    safe sex.  In any case, at least I  was  spared  the  embarrassment  of
    renting  girl/girl  films  and could easily select a couple male/female
    videos.  {In my opinion, you see one, you've seen them all.}
          I started the pirated tape with a scene about a high school store
    clerk who delivered.   I'm  not  talking  about  just  groceries.   His
    customer  seemed  about ten years his senior and was satisfied with his
    long but thin cock and his tight ass.  She taught him  about  oral  sex
    and some of the better fucking positions, but he seemed uninterested in
    her.  As is the case in 'straight' videos, he came gallons all over her
    chest.  {Haven't the boys heard of Kleenex?}
          The  next  scene  I  taped  was  of  a  Mediterranean  male {very
    egocentric} who fully believed that he could service  three  vixens  at
    the  same  time.   That amounted to placing a lovely blonde on his face
    while the other two took turns with his cock.  First  they  sucked  and
    stroked  it and then each took turns riding it.  I found it interesting
    that as one sat to the side, she was busily fingering herself, no doubt
    to keep in the mood.  Finally, one mounted him frontally while  another
    licked her clit.
          One scene which I decided was outre enough  for  Carol  showed  a
    woman  and  two  men.   After  several  scenes of cock sucking and cunt
    lapping, they double-teamed her, one in her pussy and the other in  her
    ass.  After the pussy poker came, she pulled off to lick up the spilled
    jizm.   The oddity was that she ended up playing with herself while the
    two men sucked each other.
          I couldn't find any other scenes that were unique and switched to
    my own videos.  Since I would now be editing a subject near and dear to
    my  heart, I strapped on my trusty butterfly vibrator.  {I had to first
    replace the batteries.}
          I have fourteen videos and each has approximately ten scenes,  so
    I  knew  it  would take a while to fast forward to interesting sex.  It
    surprised me as to how many of them I had  forgotten.   One  segment  I
    taped  was  of  a sorority initiation {none of the actresses were young
    enough to be in college}.  The initiate ended up eating one bald  pussy
    while  she  fingered the clit of another and used a dildo on the third.
    Each in turn then licked the clit of the new member  while  seeing  how
    many  fingers  they  could  insert  into her vagina {not realistic!}. I
    guess that one of the problems of watching horny  movies  or  tapes  is
    that  it  is  sometimes painfully apparent who is acting {or trying to}
    and who is actually enjoying themselves.
          I followed that with a number of 'single' girl  encounters  where
    each lovely used her fingers, a dildo or vibrator to bring herself off.
    Most  of the scenes were fairly routine until I came to one with a very
    attractive redhead who started by inserting a vibrator and a dildo into
    her  pussy.  She stroked and moaned for several minutes and then placed
    the smaller of the two into her ass.  She  alternated  strokes,  faster
    and  faster  until she was moaning very loudly.  I came myself when she
    pulled out the two toys and fingered herself to orgasm.  She had surely
    found her 'G' spot as she ejaculated droplets of come.  I  was  envious
    as she licked her fingers dry and then winked at the camera.
          One  somewhat  hot  but  degrading film had a woman experimenting
    with fruits and vegetables.  She started with the ever  popular  banana
    and  progressed  through  several types of zucchini and a cucumber.  In
    the  last  scene,  she  inserts a breadstick into her ass and plunges a
    short, fat cucumber into her twat.
          I then discovered a film I had not previously seen and  lay  back
    in my rocker to see it through.  Most scenes dealt with domination, but
    the  one that got me the wettest was with two dominatrixes about twenty
    and a slave of no more than sixteen.  Her tits were barely visible  and
    her slit was completely bald.  Although I expected violence, thankfully
    there  was  none.   Each  matron  took  the  opportunity  to  teach the
    nymphette how to love tits and quim and also enjoyed the taste  of  her
    clean shaven pussy.  There was a little anal action, but mostly tongues
    and  fingers  until  they produced a unique dildo.  Were I able to find
    one, I would certainly add it to my collection.   Not  only  was  it  a
    little  wider than usual and filled with little protrusions, but it was
    made of some glass like substance which made it clear.  They took turns
    inserting it into the supposed virgin cunt,  licking  the  juices  from
    time to time and all three apparently enjoyed themselves greatly.
          I should mention that somewhere along  the  way,  I  replaced  my
    strap  on  vibrator  with a more entertaining version.  I have one that
    vibrates while it expands and contracts.  For hands free operation,  it
    has  lately become my favorite and I lost count of how many times I had
    to shake from coming.
          I next started a home made video containing bestiality.  This is
    not a subject which I enjoy, but in a previous meeting with Carol,  she
    seemed  fascinated  and very excited about it.  I started both machines
    and began preparing for the evening.  I returned and found enough  time
    on  the  tape for one more scene and selected my personal favorite.  It
    was made by an acquaintance in California and is personally autographed
    by my friend.  It relates the tale of a woman with an large  amount  of
    body  hair  who  is  convinced  by a friend at her pool that she should
    shave for comfort.  She also was wearing a french cut swimming suit and
    several hairs were showing on the sides.
          They retire to the apartment and  the  hostess  produces  shaving
    gear.  I have previously stated my love for bare pussy and really enjoy
    watching  someone shave.  Needless to say, both the participants of the
    video and yours truly were fiddling with our clits by the  end  of  the
    tape.
          When Carol arrived, I let her unwrap her present and we discussed
    what  she hoped to see over our meal.  I was getting very horny and was
    glad that most of the subjects she mentioned were represented.    As  a
    matter  of  fact,  the  only  area she did not talk about was the final
    scene.  After the dishes were cleared, we retired to the play room  and
    started  the  tape.  We decided that it would be best to watch the film
    in its' entirety and therefore  our  foreplay  would  consist  only  of
    licking each others nipples and SLOWLY fingering our clits.  I was very
    glad  the  Carol seemed most aroused during the masturbation scenes and
    those without men, but was a little distraught when she sat up  as  the
    animal section started.  I didn't count the number of times each  of us
    came, but we were tired and decided to get some coffee before the final
    scenes.   After  finishing  our drinks, we restarted the tape and Carol
    stated that she was envious of the women with bald beavers  and  didn't
    quite  have  the  courage  to  shave  herself.   Leaving very little to
    chance, I had already put scissors, a razor and cream  under  the  bed.
    I'm  not  quite  sure who was more excited about the shaving, but I set
    out to do my duty gleefully.
          I started by clipping  the  pubic  hairs  as  close  as  possible
    and  we  decided  to save the hair as a reminder of our evening.  After
    all the longer strands had been cut, I  methodically  massaged  shaving
    cream onto her mound and along her thighs.  I expertly removed the rest
    of  the  pubic  hair  and  washed  her with a warm cloth.  I got a hand
    mirror to allow Carol to see her new cut and  she  was  quite  pleased.
    Her  biggest  concern  was the itching which occurs when the hair grows
    back, but I promised her that I would be happy to trim her whenever she
    felt the need.
          We both spent some time marveling at the beauty  of  the  female
    form  and  ended up eating each other into convulsions.  I suppose that
    if I ever decide to settle down, it will be with someone as  young  and
    athletic  as  Carol.  I find myself getting very wet every time I think
    of  her  sleek  shape.   She has larger breasts than I do, but they her
    nipples and aureoles are smaller.  Our waist sizes  are  comparable  as
    are our hips.  And now our pussies are equally bare.
          In  our  discussions  of  the  video, she talked about her animal
    fantasies and were at a  loss  as  to  their  origin,  other  than  the
    customary facts that we most desire that which we cannot have.
          Carol  called  her  mother  and told her she would be staying the
    night {not unusual these days} and we settled into my big bed and  held
    each  other  until  we fell asleep.  In the morning, we decided that it
    was time for a man, to break the monotony and made plans to go  to  the
    local and check out the talent, but that's another story.

                    J. D.

