                                      OPEN MARRIAGE
                             "THE VIEW FROM THE SURF" By Bill
 
                    I can't explain why I enjoy watching my tall wife have 
               sex with other men. I just do. Her measurements, thanks to 
        God and Nautilus, haven't changed since she was a model.  
 
                    We were recently staying at a rented condo on Florida's 
               west coast, a half mile from where our first experience in 
               our liberated marriage began last fall. Having danced the 
         previous night away at a lounge, we'd waited until the 
               afternoon before donning our swimwear and taking the sun 
               umbrella and blanket down to the beach. I noticed for the 
        first time that the sand on the Gulf side is a bit grainier 
               than it is on the Atlantic side.
 
                    After an hour's swimming, my eyes felt heavy as I lay 
               on our beach blanket, my eyes half closed. 

                    Ellen stood above me, combing her waist-length hair. 
               For the thousandth time, I was noticing that her gray eyes 
               complement her black hair. Her breasts strained as if they 
               might burst from the top of her red string-bikini. She 
         smiled, playfully, "If you're going to nap, I'm going back 
               into the water." She picked up her tropical-print beach bag, 
               dropped the tanning lotion in it, and rose from the towel. 
                  Her tone was an invitation to join her, but I declined. 
               I slipped on an aloha shirt and slumped back on the gentle 
               slope of a grassy dune. A half dozen college students strode 
               by, eyeballing her long legs as she was walking to the surf. 
 given her. I don't think 
               of my vicarious thrill from watching other men's attraction 
               to Ellen as being particularly unusual. 
 
                    I fell asleep. I awoke to a setting sun and reached for 
          a beer from the cooler. I squinted through the rippling red 
               rays toward Ellen standing at the water's edge. 
 
                    Her arms folded, her toes twirling into the sand, she 
               was talking with a handsome, muscular man I aged at about 
         38. His straight, blond hair was only slightly longer than 
               that of an ordinary crewcut. He'd introduced himself as 
               Garry, a married pharmaceuticals salesman, staying alone in 
        a hotel just beyond a distant marina. He raced her to the 
               sunset-red water, his head bobbing slightly, surveying her 
               curves. They stood waist-deep in the surf, their 
               conversation faint against the soft fall of waves, 
        occasionally punctuated by Ellen's laughter. 
 
                    I tilted the bottle, pulling on the beer. After the sun 
               slipped beneath the horizon, the Gulf of Mexico faded to a 
               deep blue, streaked with white waves. The beach was nearly 
     deserted. The nearest figure, an elderly man walking a large 
               yellow dog, was a 100 yards away. Finally, their voices 
               faded, perhaps into whispers. Occasionally Ellen looked back 
assumed I hadn't, and stayed 
               with the man in the water until dark. In the warm night 
               breeze, a faint smell of a fresh catch of fish was drifting 
               up from a boat at a distant pier. 
                   Stars winked against a black sky. The low moon was 
               partially hidden by clouds, the darkness absorbing their 
               forms. I entertained sexual fantasies but doubted anything 
               was really happening. 
                  Two beers later, I looked at the glowing face of my 
               diver's watch, deciding it was time to drop the charade that 
               I was sleeping and go back to the condo. I walked to the 
               land's edge, saw that she was no longer in the water, and 
            trudged along a fifty yard flank of palms and palmetto 
               fronds to look for her. Now and then, broken sea shells 
               crunched beneath my sandals. I slowed my pace, trying to 
         decide whether I should walk in the opposite direction. 
               Sighs hissed from a clump of trees and brush at the top of a 
               dune. I assumed I'd stumbled upon a couple of locals in 
               after-hours frolic, then recognized the moan. 
                  I bent and pushed through an opening in the high brush 
               alongside a palm tree. In the clearing, my wife's bikini was 
               crumpled beneath Garry's black trunks and the beach bag. 
               Trembling, she lay beneath him on our towel. The thin 
and palmetto fronds in the moon's glare 
               looked like tigers' stripes against their skin. Both were 
               nude, their eyes locked together. 
                    
                    Her lower lip quivered. She moaned, betraying her 
          eagerness as Garry fondled her breasts. Her nipples were now 
               red and swollen as tips of her fingers traced a sensuous 
               path down his neck. Her tremorous mouth formed an "oh" as 
         his lips touched hers. Tasting her melon-like breasts, he 
               sucked each firm, reddened nipple until they stood out like 
               spikes. She pressed their soft ripeness against his face, 
               her cries of pleasure piercing the warm night air. 

                    His engorged shaft swayed above her as she whimpered in 
               anticipation, her hips gyrating involuntarily in desire. Her 
               long legs splayed, her thighs rippled as she nervously dug 
         her heels into the sand. She gasped in fear of his long 
               cock, her hips rising in excitation. She gulped, shivering 
               with lust as her mouth encircled his shaft curving up from 
               the thick, blond pubic hair. Garry gaped at his saliva-
        covered manhood, glistening as her lips glided along its 
               length. Ellen sucked and squeezed his cock as she mewed 
               helplessly, her cunt burning with the red hot coals of 

                    My heart palpitated, my manhood swelling. I envied 
               Garry's length. My shaft was now as hard as his as I pumped 
               it slowly. 

                    Garry pushed her trembling legs apart. Her body 
          shivered, her eyes following the slow downward path of his 
               extended shaft as he mounted her. Her eager cunt quivered 
               upward to touch the intrusive member. His shaft's thick, 
               purplish head grazed her silky-black pubic hair, then began 
        slithering into her lubricated depths. 
 
                    Ellen moaned as her tunnel enwrapped his shaft. She 
               burst out, fervidly, "Garry, I'm on fire! It's all for YOU! 
               FOR YOU!" His broad manhood throbbed within her as she 
            crooned, his sinewy body hovering above her. He pumped 
               slowly as I breathed in unison with his long thrusts. A 
               long, modulated "Oh!" escaped her oval-ed lips with each 
         pummeling, her soft breasts heaving in rhythm with the 
               distant waves. Her hips writhed, engulfing him. He lingered 
               in a moment of intoxication, then plunged into her, riding 
               her with a fury.
                  Locking her legs around his hips, she murmured, "Oh, 
               Garry, I love it! I LOVE it!" She lifted her hips to meet 
               his as his long cock plumbed her steaming cuntal walls, 
               pistoning against him, wailing with each thrust. 
the passion radiating between them, as if a star 
               were about to explode. Blood pounded in my head and groin. 
               Fighting the urge to join their adulterous union, I stroked 
               the bulge straining within my trunks. Her body pulsated as 
          he tunneled deeper. 
 
                    Moaning, she pulled him back with her legs each time he 
               withdrew his assault. Her hips gyrated in glowing lust. The 
               image of her cunt eagerly welcoming his huge muscle burned 
         into my senses. Now crying, Ellen thrashed her head from 
               side to side as he pistoned into her, her hips swirling, 
               grinding her cunt against him. Swinging her long legs around 
         his shoulders, she squealed, "My God, Garry! I've never felt 
               like this!" Her eyes glistened with tears. Her face 
               registered surprise with each steaming entry of his massive 
               cock. Now, crossing a new, sizzling threshhold of adulterous 
         passion, she cried, "It's marvelous! I LOVE fucking you!" 
 
                    His chest heaved as he looked down upon her rolling 
               eyes. Her fingers dug into his shoulders as the vice-like 
            grip of her legs squeezed his buttocks, each upward stroke 
               lifting her from the towel. Unable to take her eyes off the 
               broad foot-long cock ramming into her shaved pussy, Ellen 
               cried, "Oh, Garry! I love your cock! God, help me! I've 
 this!" I was drugged with a time-stilling 
               sensation as she rolled, her legs pulling Garry beneath her. 
               Straddling him, she slowly impaled herself on his cock, her 
               fiery well of passion sucking in the steaming poker. Ellen 
          was rolling her head in wide circles, her eyes wide, as the 
               orgasm was building. The smell of their sex permeated the 
               warm night air. 

                    Thrusting into Ellen's fevered tunnel, Garry was also 
         emersed in the culmination of their lust. His jaw slackened. 
               Gaping at her cuntal folds enveloping his firm manhood as 
               she bucked against him, Garry murmured, "YES, Ellen! I love 
            it too! I love fucking YOU!" 
 
                    Her back arched, her fingers digging expectantly into 
               his chest. She muttered, her throat tremoring, "I'm...I'm 
               going to come! Come with me!" His frenzied abandon made it 
         clear that he too would soon explode. Gurgling, she bit into 
               her fist to avoid screaming. Now, plummeting into her, he 
               groaned, "Help me. Help me come with you!" She raised her 
            hips, crying deleriously as his engorged manhood propelled 
               inward, then withdrew to enter again. She was kneeling above 
               him, her cuntal walls squeezing his trapped pillar even more 
               tightly. The yolks of her eyes, now wide, rolled. She wailed 
ips against his. My heart 
               was thumping like a sledgehammer. 
 
                    And then they were coming together in rapturous waves. 
               With each shattering orgasm, her eyes rolled, her long hair 
          flailing the night air as she sobbed. His chest heaved as he 
               lay alongside her, his fingers exploring the contours of her 
               soft breasts. Inching deeper into the shadows, I bumped into 
               the palm tree and leaned against it, gasping. I'd enjoyed it 
         as much as she!       
 
                    When he asked if he could see her again, she whispered, 
               "I don't think so," playfully flicking his dark shaft, then 
         lied, "I've never done anything like this before. I don't 
               want my husband to know." She sat up, murmuring, 
               regretfully, "We've been here too long. I have to get back 
               to Bill."
 
                    "I understand. But I'd like to give you my hotel's 
         number in case you change your mind." He pulled on his 
               trunks as she fumbled through her beach bag for a pencil and 
               paper. He scratched out his name and number. She hooked the 
         top half of her swim suit as she walked behind him, stuffing 
               his note into her suit, brushing away sand that clung to her 
               waist and legs.
 
                    I sprinted through the clearing toward the car, then 
ack from the parking area, ignoring 
               Garry who was casually walking to his car, suntan oil in 
               hand. Smiling, she glanced toward me as she was taking down 
               the sunbrella. "I KNOW you were watching us," she chirped. 
         "Enjoy it?"  
 
                    Back upstairs in our condo, Ellen queried, "Would you 
               mind if I saw Garry again?" I nodded negatively. She smiled 
               excitedly, her eyes wild, as she dialed his number, and 
         announced into the phone, "Hi, Garry. It's Ellen." 
 
               seven, she drove to his hotel. A "wild, wild night!" she 
               later told me. She and Garry were fucking until three hours 
               past sunrise. Garry has visited Ellen a dozen times since, 
            which is Ellen's story if she decides to write it. 
 
                    Bizarre as our lifestyle may seem to others, Ellen and 
               I are as close as any couple I have known. The arrangement 
         has had an interesting side effect: I haven't once 
               considered cheating. Frankly, affairs without her couldn't 
               be as exciting. 
