           -A Room With A View-
		by  Ann Douglas
                  (an309642@anon.penet.fi) 
 	Jimmy O'Rourke sat on the living room  couch as he and his 
parents watched the movie of  the week. It was a hot summer 
night and the  O'Rourke's apartment didn't have air 
conditioning.  The outdated wiring of the old Brooklyn 
apartment  house just couldn't handle the load. Instead the 16  
year old had to settle for sitting around in his gym  shorts 
and trying to cool off with the large fan over  in the corner.  

	 The movie was pretty boring, but his mother  seemed to enjoy 
it. His father had dozed off in his  chair about a half hour 
ago. Jimmy really wished  they were able to have cable put in, 
nothing was  ever really good on network television.  Out of 
the corner of his eye, though the open  window next to his 
father's lounger, Jimmy saw a  light come on. Specifically, the 
light in the rear  bedroom of the apartment across the court. 
Glancing  up at the clock on the wall, the young man smiled as  
he noted the time.
	 "Showtime."  he thought to himself.
	 Holding his excitement in, he got up and  announced he was 
going to turn in.  It had been a  long day. 
	 "Aren't you going to wait to the end of the  movie?"  Mrs. O' 
Rourke asked.
	 "Nah, you can tell me how it turns out." came his reply as he 
left the living room for the small  bedroom behind it.
	 Stepping into the darkness, Jimmy made no  attempt to turn on 
the light.  Instead, he merely  quietly closed the door and put 
the small hook lock  in place. The lock had been a small 
concession from  his parents when one of his two sisters had 
walked  in on him one morning when he was changing.  They  had 
a lock on the large bedroom next to his, so it  was only fair 
that he had one too.
	 Satisfied that the door was secure, Jimmy  dropped onto his 
bed and looked out his own  window. The shade which normally 
covered the  opening was pulled all the way up, a sight not 
that  unusual on these August nights.  From his vantage  point, 
he could see right into the brightly lit room  across the 
courtyard. It wasn't just any room, it was  her room.
	 It was totally by accident that Jimmy had  discovered the 
wonderful opportunities the window  only a clotheslines 
distance away held. He had been  sick one night from pigging 
out on pizza and soda  and was just laying there in the 
darkness nursing a  stomachache.  When she had walked passed 
the  window, stark naked right from the shower - he had  almost 
fallen off the bed.  Since then, he had become  more familiar 
with the schedule of her household  then his own.
 	Maria Gonzalez was 24 years old, single and  had lived across 
the way for about six months.  He  had passed her many times in 
the halls of the four  story walkup.  At the time, the teenager 
had noted  that she was kind of cute and didn't have a bad 
body.  Of course at his age, he made that appraisal of just  
about every girl he saw, his sisters included.
	 Usually he would a chance to say a quick  hello as she raced 
up or down the four flights to and  from her apartment. She 
worked as a waitress at a  local dinner and put in as many 
hours as she could.  There were 18 other families in the 
building so aside  from a quick once over, he had never given 
Maria  that much thought before.
 
	 Now laying in the darkness, Jimmy began to  become impatient 
for her to appear.  He hoped that  his slight delay in acting 
on the appearance of her  light hadn't caused him to miss her. 
He removed the  small pair of  binoculars he kept hidden 
beneath the  mattress and trained them into her apartment. Even 
 on the best nights, he would only get a quick look at  her. 
 	The first thing he noticed through his  spyglasses was that 
she had moved her dresser. The  large mirror on top of it was 
now almost in line with  the window.
 	"Shit."  Jimmy muttered under his breath.
	"Why'd she have to move the damn dresser?" 	Previously, the 
dresser had been on the far  wall and Maria had to step in 
front of the window to  get her comb or take clean underwear 
out of one of  the drawers.  If Jim was really lucky, he would 
get a  real good look at her tits. Now all he could hope for  
was a peek at her ass with her back to him.
	 Disappointed, Jimmy dropped the glasses  onto his bed and 
sighed.  It was too good a thing to  have lasted.  He was about 
to get up when a motion  across the way caught his eye. 
	 It only took a moment to bring his binoculars  back into 
play.  There, reflected in the large mirror  was a full frontal 
view of Maria, clad only in a  skimpy bra and panties.   
 	"Oh God!" Jimmy exclaimed, remembering  at least to keep as 
quiet as possible.
	 Previously, he had only gotten quick looks at  her, but now 
she was just standing there.  Giving  him the time to fully 
appreciate her slender form.
	 Maria had very short black hair that
extended to only an inch or so below her ears. Her  skin was a 
rich caramel brown. The bright white of  her lace bra and 
panties was an effective contrast.  Fixing his stare on her 
breasts, Jimmy wondered  how big they were. They looked a lot 
bigger than  they did when she wore her uniform, which was  
usually what he saw her in. 
 	In fact, they looked a lot bigger than his 19  year old 
sister Judy's, the only girl's tits he had really  seen. That 
had been one night when they were  sitting at the kitchen table 
playing a board game and  Judy was wearing a pajama top. The 
light was  shining behind her and he could see her breasts  
hanging loose beneath the material. he felt funny  getting a 
hard on looking at his sister, but finally  decided that a 
girl's boobs were a girl's boobs. It  didn't matter if they 
were your sisters. 	He later took one of her bra's out of the  
hamper and checked the size, it was a 34C. he was  sure that it 
would've been too small for Maria.  	Jimmy watched in 
fascination as Maria  combed her hair. His eyes kept shifting 
from her  reflection to her actual body. She had an incredible  
ass, he thought. It was small and firm and really  hugged the 
small panties. It looked so close he felt  like he could just 
reach out and touch it.  	Rubbing his free hand against the 
hard on  that strained against his shorts, Jimmy let out a soft 
 sigh. This was better than cable.
 	Maria then reached up behind her back and  undid the clasp of 
her bra. Jimmy couldn't believe his  luck. She was going to 
take it off.
 	When the soft brown globes popped free of  their restraints, 
Jimmy thought he was going to  shoot his load right there and 
then. Forget about her  ass, he could see every detail of her 
tits. The dark  circles at the ends and the small stubby 
nipples in the  center. Never mind wanting to reach out and 
touch  them, he now imagined himself kissing them all over.  
 	His hand slid into his shorts and pulled his  cock free. 
Gently, slowly, he ran it up and down his  full six inches. It 
felt so good. In the back of his  mind, he imagined what it 
would feel like if it where Maria's fingers wrapped around it.
 	Maria now took each breast in hand and  rubbed them 
vigorously, restoring the circulation  that was sometimes cut 
off by the tight bra.  The  motion of her fingers felt good to 
her. Playing her  nimble fingers over her nipples, she quickly 
brought  them to a full hardness. It'd been a long time since  
she'd had a man to play with them. What with  college classes 
during the day and working at the  dinner at night. 
	 Sure there were plenty of men both in school  and at the 
dinner who would be happy to take them  off her hands so to 
speak. But she was looking for  more than just a casual fling. 
She was far from a  virgin, having given herself to her older 
boyfriend at  16. But as she had gotten older herself, she knew 
 she didn't want to find herself like so many of the  girls she 
had grown up with. Married to a useless  loser who once had 
seemed so desirable and tied  down with a few kids. Or worse, 
alone with a kid  after being dumped by a guy who didn't want 
to be  tied down.  
	 For a few minutes, the brown skinned
woman lost herself in the sensation of flesh upon  flesh. Eyes 
still closed, she slid her hands down  across her breasts one 
last time and over her flat  stomach. They came to a rest when 
they reached the  small white triangle between her legs. Using 
both  hands, she rubbed against the silk material.  A soft  
sign escaped her lips in response to her caress. 
	 Jimmy began to pump furiously as he
watched her play with herself.  Already he could feel  a fire 
growing in his balls. Through the powerful  binoculars he had 
borrowed from his father, he  could even see small bushy hairs 
sticking out from  beneath the folds of Maria's panties. He 
only wished  he had borrowed his dad's camera with the 
telephoto  lens instead. Then if he had, where would he have  
gotten the pictures developed?
	 Jimmy was now so oblivious to everything  but the image 
before him, he wouldn't have even  noticed if his mother had 
walked in on him at this  moment. 
 	Across the way, Maria was in a similar state,  having slid 
one of her hands beneath the waistband  of her panties to 
provide a deeper touch. Her breaths  began to come in shorter 
gasps as she slid first one,  then two fingers inside of 
herself. In due time a third  finger would follow.
 	Faster and deeper she moved, manipulating  the small nub of 
her clit and covering her long,  slender fingers with her 
wetness. Eventually the  cloth of her underwear became too 
restrictive and  was quickly discarded -  much to Jimmy's 
delight. 
	Each was lost in their own world, riding the  waves of a 
rising ecstasy. They were joined in a  common desire to reach 
the summit, a bond that  united them as if the clothesline were 
a umbilical  cord.
	 Jimmy's cock was as hard as it had ever  been, his hand a 
blur of motion. His body was  jerking up and down so fast he 
was having trouble  keeping Maria in focus. No matter, the 
image was  locked in his memory.  A stray thought filled his  
mind for a moment - he was glad his bed didn't  squeak.
 	That though quickly vanished as he felt the  first surge of 
his orgasm race up the length of his  boyhood and explode into 
the night air.  His cock  erupted again and again.  Each 
stroke, sending white  droplets scattering in every direction. 
He had to bite  down on his lip to keep from shouting with joy. 
He  had never felt so good before. 
	 Finally, his eruptions subsided until only a  small pearl of 
white appeared at the tip of his cock in  response to his 
continued pumping. He could feel a  softness growing in his 
hand and knew he was done. Across the small courtyard, Maria 
had also  reached her own climax, although a much softer and  
quieter one. Still it had been satisfying enough.  Enough to 
let her sleep and dream of better days -  and nights. 
 	Looking at her reflection in the mirror, she  decided a quick 
shower was in order.  Her eyes  seemed to have a mischievous 
gleam in them as she  looked deep into the mirror and a wide 
smile  appeared on her face. 
 	Still naked, she turned away from the mirror  and leaned out 
of the window. Had Jimmy's father,  who had awaked a short time 
before, taken that  moment to turn away from the movie credit's 
rolling  across the screen, he would've gotten an eyeful. As  
it was, she went unnoticed by all but Jimmy.  
	 Petrified, positive she could see him, Jimmy  laid 
motionless. He was afraid to even bring down  the field glasses 
because that motion would've drawn  attention to himself. Any 
erotic thoughts were long  gone from his head, even his once 
hard cock had  now shriveled up. 
	 Jimmy wasn't sure how long she stood there.  It could've been 
only a minute or an hour.  Then her  smile seemed to grown 
wider and she blew him a  kiss, before disappearing from sight. 

	 "Oh God."  Jimmy panted as he tried to stop  shaking. "I've 
never been so scared before." A few seconds later, the light 
across the way  went out.  He quickly cleaned himself up and  
crawled under the sheet.  Still it would be two hours  before 
he could finally fall asleep. He figured that if  she hadn't 
come over to complain to his parents by  then, she wasn't going 
to. It was a good thing he  didn't consider the idea that she 
might be by first  thing in the morning or he never would've 
gotten to  sleep.
 
 	Over time, the fear that he felt faded and  only the erotic 
excitement of that night remained. Jimmy never did figure out 
how she had spotted him  that night or if she had known he was 
there all  along. The experience was never repeated because  
the next day, a new pair of blinds appeared in the  window.  
 	Maria moved out two months later when she  finally finished 
her college classes.  Jimmy overheard  one of the neighbors say 
she had gotten a job with a  Manhattan firm and had moved on to 
a bigger and  better apartment. 
	 In those two months, Jimmy only passed  Maria in the hall 
once. It was the week before she  moved out. For the first time 
since she had lived  there, she stopped and looked at him when 
he said  hello. She smiled back and returned the greeting.  
 	"It's nice to see you again."  She added, that  same 
mischievous gleam in her eye.
 	With that she was gone, leaving a relieved  and upon closer 
inspection, a much aroused Jimmy  O'Rourke.


END
