                         The Virgin
                         ----------

                Written by Jessica Lovecraft


When I met Chuck he was just 18 but I was entranced by his mediteranean
good looks. His sparkling eyes were the color of the sea.  He had short
locks of brown hair and his warm smile made me feel at easy right away,
but what I liked most was his youthfulness.
      
He was but an innocent child and I the femme fatale quickly approaching
30.  It was then I knew that we were meant to be together. He seemed so
shy, and careful, as to not displease me, that I figured I should make
the first move—h He had told me he had a waterbed, what perfect
opportunity.  I asked him to take me to his room so that I could check
it out. He was very obliging.
     
When we got to his bedroom, I had pretty much decided how I'd like the
evening to be spent.  I sat on the water bed and let myself get carry
away, and asked him to join me.  When I sensed his body next to mine I
bent over and stole a kiss.  He responded with passion.  I could feel 
the desire rising in him. I unbuttoned his shirt taking all my time, 
starting at the top and progressing downwards, softly caressing his
chest, kissing his olive skin, all my senses open to receive him.  I 
finally took his shirt off, and unzipped his tight jeans. I peeled them
off  with some difficulty, for the bulge that his undies barely 
contained distracted me. I could feel my juices running. I touched him
all around, building more anticipation.
   
Once I could no longer stand it, I decided to stop exploring for a
moment and began undressing.  I took each article of clothing off 
casually, carefully placing it on a nearby chair. He was all eyes, just
like a child in a candy store, yet I could sense he was too timid to 
touch.  I sat next to him and whispered for him to explore my body.
His caresses were careful, gentle, yet I felt all the curiosity and
passion rising inside him. He kissed, touched, licked every part of me
in detail with fervor.  When he stopped I knew what he wanted.  I aked 
him to lie down and sat on top of him.
  
The waves of the waterbed carried us with it's rolling motion.  I gave 
it all I had, until we both moaned with extacy and delight. I was happy
and by the look on his face I could tell he was too. I bent over and
kissed him. He held me and we began to kiss passionately expressing our
feelings with our tongues
 
He rolled us over and began making love to me.  He wanted to show me
what he could do. I was grateful and we changed postitions many a time
enjoying every second of our intimacy together.  We made love several 
more times that night and he satisfied me like I knew he could.


Jessica Lovecraft

