Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS

Fantasy Number 33B
(A REVISIT BY THE VISITOR)
A Tale of Incest by Incestual Dreamer, a Baron of the Darkside

It was late Friday afternoon and it had been almost a week since the
Dempsey's had returned from their camping trip.  Brian and Catherine
were going to take in a movie.  Just as the started dressing  the
phone rang.  With a scowl on his face, Brian answered it.  After a
couple of minutes, Brian slammed down the phone.
"Just Great," he growled, "they want me to go to England and
straighten up some problems with the new computer."
"Oh, No," Catherine pouted.
"Damn," he cursed, "and I was planning on a wonderful weekend with
you."
"How long do you think you will be gone?" Catherine asked him as he
picked up the phone and started dialing.
"It will be at least Friday before I can start back," he complained.
After talking to the airline for a few moments, he hung the phone up
and told her that he had to make to the airport within an hour to
catch the next flight out.
"Well, there goes the night, too," Catherine sulked.  
"I'm sorry," he apologized, "but I'll make it up to you when I get
back."
"Okay," she smiled.
 Catherine ran around packing his clothes while he showered and got
dressed.  Before they knew it, he was packed and it was time for him
to leave.  They sped to the airport and made it just in time for him
to catch the flight.  
After seeing Brian off, Catherine moped back to her car and within
minutes was back out on the freeway heading home. As she drove, she
found herself thinking about Seth.  Just as she had several times
during the week, her thoughts returned that night in the tent when he
had had sex with her. Even now, after a week, as she felt her face
growing warm with shame as she thought about it.  She still couldn't
stop herself from feeling a tingle of perverse excitement crawl
through her vagina as she remembered what he had done to her.  She
still couldn't believe that she had actually let it happen.  It was so
depraved, so wicked, so immoral.  It was not like her to let something
so senseless happen.  She had tried to push it out of her mind, but it
came back over and over again.  She would surely roast in hell for
letting it happen.  But, it had happened and now like some recurring
nightmare, it was coming back to haunt her.
She assumed that Seth had believed her subterfuge and didn't realize
it was him.  She seemed to have fooled him with her act.  Either that,
or he was a good actor.  Thank goodness for that, she thought as she
looked down at the speedometer.
"JEEZ," she yelped out loud, "Watch what you are doing."
She was doing ninety miles an hour.  Jerking her foot off the
accelerator, she let the car coast down to seventy as she suddenly
found herself sweating and shaking.  Shaking her head, to clear it,
she kept the needle of the speedometer glued to seventy as she went
home.
Finally, she exited off the freeway and turned down her street.
Driving up to the house, she was a little surprised to find Seth's car
sitting in front of the house.
Feeling more than a little self-conscious about what she had been
thinking, she knew that it was going to be unsettling to talk to him.
Parking her car in the driveway, she took a deep breath and got out.
Still blushing warmly, she wondered if Seth had a date for later.  As
flustered as she was, she was having a difficult sorting out her
emotions since that night.  Her feelings toward him were all snarled.
She resented what he had done, but she still loved him.  And, the most
damming thing was the perverse excitement she felt every time she
thought about what they had done.  With all this running through her
mind, she thought it might be a little awkward if they had to spend
the evening together, alone. 
"Well, at least, I won't have to eat alone," she said to herself as
she walked into the house.
Deciding to ask him to join her at dinner, she looked around
downstairs but didn't find him.  Maybe, he did have a date and he was
in his room getting ready, she thought as she trudged up the stairs to
find him.  As she did, she was acutely aware of the way her big,
pendent breasts bobbed and bounced underneath the thinness of her
blouse.  She hadn't taken time to put on a brassiere before they went
to the airport and now she could feel her big sensitive nipples,
swollen and hard rubbing against the satin material. Glancing down,
she saw they were sticking out defiantly visible.
Impatiently striding down the hallway, she stopped at the door of her
son's room.  Peeking inside, she didn't see him, but she heard hear
his shower running.  Then suddenly, she heard him turn off the water.
Stepping back, she quickly pulled the door closed until there was only
a tiny crack to see into his room.  What was she doing, she suddenly
asked herself as she felt her face grow hot with shame and guilt.  Why
was she waiting outside her son's room, peeking inside hoping to see
him naked?  What was she turning into?  This couldn't really be
happening again, she thought as she recalled how she had watched him
bathing in the pond.  She would never forget that afternoon and how
surprised she had been.  She hadn't intentionally set out to see him
that afternoon.  It had been an accident.  A perverse joke played on
her by fate.  But, now, she knew exactly what she was doing.   And
even though she knew how wrong it was, she couldn't bring herself to
stop peering through the crack.  Berating herself for her lack of
decency, she suddenly found her mind replaying the image of him
standing in the pond, slowly masturbating himself.  Her knees like
jelly and her heart beating so hard it threatened to explode, she
waited.
Suddenly he appeared and stopped in the doorway.  He stood there
drying his hair as she immediately dropped her eyes down to his great,
dangling manhood.  Her heart felt like it was going to burst.  Staring
down at his huge, fat mancock hanging down between his muscular legs,
she felt faint.  She didn't think it was possible, but his gigantic
cock seemed even larger than she remembered it.  Her eyes hungrily
devoured its hugeness as it hung down, writhing about like a giant,
evil snake.  Then, she felt a warmness spread out from her salivating
snatch as her juices began to flow.  Wickedly, she watched his
malevolent maleness flop and flounce about heavily as he scrubbed his
hair with the towel.  He seemed to stand there for hours before he was
finally finished drying his hair.   Still unaware that he was being
observed, he slowly ran the towel over his body.  Finished with the
towel, he walked over to his bed and tossed it on the bed. Crawling
onto his bed, he flopped down and rolled over onto his back.
As she watched on in open-mouthed wonder, he reached down and slowly
began to run his hand up and down his half-hard slab of male flesh.
Knowing it was horribly wrong, she couldn't bring herself to stop
peering in at him.  She now had to hold onto the wall to keep from
falling as her legs were like noodles.  Her eyes were about to jump
out of her head as she watched on with perverse fascination.  She
couldn't believe what she was doing as his elephantine penis began to
harden and stiffen before her eyes.  Just watching him play with
himself, she was becoming so wet, her juices had saturated the crotch
of her panties and was beginning to run down her inner thighs.
How depraved could she be, she brooded.  Still, she still couldn't
bring herself to look away from him as he continued to slowly stroke
his thick, stiff cock.  Even if she had wanted to leave, her legs
wouldn't respond to her commands.  Then to her shock and dismay, he
began to stroke his cock faster and harder.  She could even hear the
pounding slap of his hand striking his stomach as he beat his meat
harder and harder.  Finding it difficult to breathe, she suddenly felt
a perverted desire to  feel his gigantic penis inside of her again.
It was so big, and hard, and hot, and ripe with blood.  Her blood, she
thought as she felt herself growing faint with misguided longing for
it.
Suddenly, she knew she had to leave before she gave her presence away.
Staggering back from his door as quietly as she could, she clumsily
shuffled down the hallway to her room.  She was afraid that she would
fall or make some noise before she made it.  Finally she made it and
rushed inside, slapping at the door to close it as she rushed over and
fell onto her bed.  Hurriedly kicking her shoes off, she jerked her
skirt up.  With one swift jerk, she peeled her panties down her long,
tanned legs.  Flicking them off with her foot, she watched the frilly
little dainties fly across the room.  With the image of her son's
giant prick dancing in her head, she spread her legs apart and shoved
her hand down between her legs.  Finding her jutting clitoris with her
finger, she feverishly rubbed it as fast and hard as she could.  The
throbbing little marble of flesh responded to the vicious attack and
within moments, she was on the verge of climaxing. 
Little did she know, that she was now being observed. Seth had heard
her stumbling down the hallway and followed her to her room.  As he
sneaked up to her door, he found it ajar and he now stood outside her
room, watching her.  Just as she had watched him earlier
Standing outside her door with a towel wrapped around his waist, he
watched her masturbate.  He felt his giant penis bulging out hard and
ripe under the towel.  It was so hard, it felt like it was about to
burst.  Suddenly, he saw her began to writhe and moan.  
"Oh, Seth," she cried out as she felt the pleasure of her climax wash
over her body, "I wish it could have been you again."
What?  What had she said?  Oh, My, God, he thought.  He nearly spurted
his load right there on the spot.  He couldn't believe his ears.  She
had known after all, he thought.  She must have been awake when he
fucked her.  But why didn't she stop him?  Why hadn't she said
something?  He was baffled.  What was going on , he pondered as he
stood watching her gently rubbing her clitoris as she basked in the
warm afterglow of her orgasm. She still had her long, perfectly shaped
legs spread apart and he could see her pussy gaping open wetly as she
still rubbed herself.  He had never seen anything so excitingly
beautifully as her deep, glistening wound of love.
Remembering how her hot, wet pussy had felt when he had fucked her, he
turned and painfully lurched back down the hall.  Stumbling along, his
heart was pounding so hard, he felt lightheaded.  He wanted her so
bad, his cock was throbbing painfully.  He was drunk with desire for
his mother.  He tried not to make any noise as he reeled down the
hall, but his prick was so hard and hurt so badly, any movement was
difficult.
He almost made it, but he stumbled against the wall as he staggered
into his room.  
Catherine heard him hit the wall.  Slapping her legs together
fearfully, she looked over at the door.  She was horrified to see that
it was slightly ajar.  With a rush of disgust, she realized that Seth
must have been outside watching her.  Just as she had watched him.  It
was terrible that he had seen her masturbating.  But, had he heard
what she said?
The whole degenerate affair was rapidly deteriorating, spinning out of
control around her.   Cursing herself, she staggered to her feet.
Brushing her skirt back down around her thighs, she shamefully crept
over to the door.  Easing it open slowly, she apprehensively peeked
outside.  Thankfully, she found the hallway empty.  Maybe she had
imagined the sound.  She had to be sure though.  Silently, she tiptoed
back to Seth's room and found his door still slightly ajar.  Taking a
deep breath, she peeked into his room once again.  
Seth was lying on his bed masturbating again.  Wondering if he had
made the noise, she searched the room for a clue.  Then she realized
that he had the towel wrapped around his waist now and it had been
lying on the bed when she had left.   He must have wrapped around his
waist he crept down the hall to spy on her, she conjectured.  So he
had seen her, she concluded , but had he heard her?  She felt a warmth
spread out from her pussy as she imagined him standing outside her
door looking in at her masturbating.  God, he had just watched her
masturbate herself to an orgasm.  How totally depraved they were, she
thought to herself as she stood watching her son roughly stroking
himself toward an impending eruption
Then, even though she had climaxed only moments before, she felt
herself yearning to feel her son's gigantic manthing inside her cunt.
Looking on in horror and lechery, she wished she had the courage to
join her son in his bed.  As she watched from behind the door, she saw
the muscles in his legs begin to tighten as his hand moved up and down
his huge cock faster and faster.  Then suddenly, she heard him groan
and stop stroking himself. When his cock didn't erupt, she sensed that
he had stopped just short of cumming.  Even though he had stopped
beating the giant penis, it still jutted up, pulsating up and down as
it threatened to explode on its own at any second.
She anxiously watched his gigantic prick jump and tremble for several
moments, hoping, for some perverse reason that he wouldn't spurt out
his load.  Then it dawned on her that she wanted him to save it for
her.  Aghast at her depravity, she felt gladdened when the fitful
bobbing of his mammoth prick finally began to weaken.  She knew that
if Seth touched it, it would probably explode in his hand.  But, why
had he stopped, she wondered.  Why didn't he go ahead and bring it to
an end?  Perplexed by his actions, she looked on as his cock slowly
began to relax and slowly dropped back down to his belly.
Finally able to make her legs work again, she turned and quickly sped
down the hallway.  Then almost back to her room, she stumbled and
thudded into the wall. Was her own body sabotaging her. Had he heard
her?  Her mind numbed by befuddling intrigue spinning around her, she
backed into her room.  She started to close the door, but a wicked
notion flashed through her mind and she stopped.  Leaving it ajar, she
backed away.  Smiling devilishly, she turned and purposely strode
across the room.  Acutely aware of her huge breasts wiggling and
jiggling beneath her blouse, she stopped in front of her dresser.
Watching the door in the mirror, she slowly began unbuttoning her
blouse.  She didn't see him, but she kept on unbuttoning her blouse.
After a few moments, she unbuttoned the last button and peeled her
blouse back over her shoulders.  Sneaking another quick glimpse at the
door, she saw a shadowy figure lurking outside.
Smiling to herself, she knew that he could see her breasts in the
mirror. Wondering  what he was thinking, she began to softly squeeze
and massage the big, heavy mammaries.  Then, she slowly turned around
and directly faced the door.  Wanting to tantalize him, she made a
great show of inspecting her large, round breasts.  First, she lifted
one of the heavy, bulging melons with one hand and with her other
hand, gently fondled it as she looked down at it.  After a few
moments, she lifted it higher until she was able to lick the giant,
strawberry sized nipple with her tongue.  Making sure that he could
see what she was doing, she flicked the sensitive papilla with her
tongue for several moments.  Finally, she lowered it back down and
repeated the process with the other big, pendulous tit.
Sneaking another furtive glance at the door, she saw that Seth was
still there.  Lowering her hands away from her heavy, drooping
breasts, she reached up and loosed the braid in her hair.  Tossing the
braid aside, she felt her big, heavy breasts bob up and down softly.
Then as she shook her head, her long, auburn hair came tumbling down
over her soft sloping shoulders and her breasts flounced about wildly.
Finally, when her breasts stopped wiggling, she bent over slightly.
She let her big, pendant tits dangle down, wiggling and bobbing
erotically while she slipped her thumbs under the waistband of her
skirt.  Quickly bending over farther, she stripped her skirt down her
long, statuesque legs as her drooping mammaries put on another show of
wiggling and jiggling for her son.  Dropping her skirt to the floor,
she stood back up and stepped out of the puddle of bright red
material.  She now stood in front of her son as naked as the day she
had been born.  Sensuously running her hands down over her flat, hard
stomach, she paused for a few seconds to teasingly toy with her
tingling clitoris once again.  After rolling the round little marble
around with her finger for a few moments, she moved her hands away
from it.  Slowly reaching around behind herself, she fondled her firm,
round derriere.  Lifting the firm, compact cheeks of her ass in her
hands, she softly squeezed and kneaded their muscular roundness for
several moments.  Then, looking down at her butt over her shoulder,
she clenched her buttocks tightly and arched her legs.  She openly
admired the rounded perfection of her buttocks and long, statuesque
legs.  But it was all just a ploy to show her body to her son.
At last, she relaxed her legs and strolled over to her
chest-of-drawers.  Bending down, she opened a drawer and rummaged
through if for several moments.  This gave her son a delectable view
of her ass.  Waggling her buttocks back and forth, she rifled through
her drawers for several moments.  Finally, she rose up.  She turned
and seductively strolled over to her bed.  Sitting down, facing the
door she tossed the clothes down on the bed.  Looking down between her
legs, she casually spread them apart.  Reaching down to herself, she
gently spread the heavy, drooping lips of her vagina apart until her
deep, secret place yawned open, wet and pink.  She ran her finger up
the glistening wetness of her open love-wound  for a few seconds
wondering what Seth must be thinking.  Then she slowly ran her wet,
glistening finger up to her clitoris.  Teasing the swollen pellet of
flesh out of it little hiding place, she rubbed it for a few seconds.
Finally, she reluctantly stopped and closed her legs.
Reaching over, she quickly slipped a short, clinging skirt up her
delightfully long legs.  Making sure that her son had seen that she
hadn't put on any panties, she ran her hands over her wiggling,
wobbling breasts, quickly flicking the big, mauve nipples with her
fingers one last time.  Moving her hand away from her breasts, she
reached down and picked up the skimpy little T-shirt.  Raising it over
her head, she let it slip down covering her beautiful bare bosom.
Pulling it down tightly, she saw that it barely covered the giant
mountains and left little to the imagination as her big, heavy breast
wiggled freely under the material.
Glancing over to the door, she was disappointed to see that Seth was
gone.  Getting up, she quickly slipped over to the door and peeked out
into the hall.  Regretfully, she found it empty.  
Wondering how much longer they could continue their game of seek and
peek, she crept down the hallway to his room one more time.  Arriving
at his door, she saw it was still slightly ajar. Furtively peeking
into his room, she saw that  he was facing away from her standing in
front of his own dresser.  Staring at his reflection in the mirror,
she could see that he had his hand wrapped around his enormous penis
and was slowly stroking it again.  As she watched, he slowly turned
around until he was facing her as she hid behind the door.  He
continued to slowly stroke his cock as he stood facing the door.  It
seemed obvious to Catherine that he was aware of her presence.  There
was no other reason for him to stand facing the door while he beat his
meat.  As perverse as it was, Catherine felt another spasm of
distorted desire twitch through her body as she watched her son run
his hand up and down his thick, beautiful giant.  
What should she do?  She knew that the depraved game they were playing
was wicked and disastrous.  It couldn't go on much longer.  It could
only lead to a catastrophe. She knew that she should stop it now and
break the cycle before something reprehensible happened.  But she
found herself powerless to move.  As she stood watching her son slowly
beating his cock with his hand, she knew that letting him make love to
her the first time had been a horrible mistake.  But as disgusting and
deplorable as it had been, she felt herself wanting him again.  How
could she be so depraved?
There was no explanation for her sick, depraved desire.  She loved her
husband.  She hadn't come from a broken home.  Her mother and father
had been loving and caring parents.  She had never been abused as a
child or an adult.  So why was she acting so disgusting.  Why, she
wondered, why could she be filled with such evil thoughts?  She had
always loved her son, Seth, but before the camping trip, that love had
been normal and decent.  Although her love for him had always seemed
right and proper, she had felt that it had at times it was maybe a
little too intense.  Sometimes she felt her love for him was so deep,
she wanted to take him in her arms and hold onto him forever.  Maybe
the strength of this intimacy had mutated into some kind of insane
erotic desire when she had seen him naked in the pond.
She had been highly aroused that night.  The heat, walking in tight
shorts all day long, seeing Seth naked, the frustration of bringing
Brian to an orgasm without having a climax herself had all combined to
drive her a little crazy.  Apparently crazy enough to allow Seth to
make love to her.  It had been such an erotic night, she still had
difficulty separating the reality of that night from the dream of that
night.
She knew that she would have to make that choice in the next few
moments as she watched the transparency of her son's actions.  She
knew she must turn and walk away from him now.  This would be the only
to stop dangerous game they were playing. Or she would give in to the
irresistible craving that was gnawing at her insides.  It was clearly
apparent which decision Seth wanted her to make.  But she must be the
one to make the decision.  But was there really a choice?
Even as she tried to fool herself into thinking there was a choice,
she already knew the answer.  It had been answered that night on the
camping trip. She had allowed him to make love to her under the most
difficult of situations, risking it all.  Now they seemed destined to
take the next step.  She knew that she must follow the path fate had
chosen for them no matter where it led them.  They could never erase
the past.  And now, the past was going to be their future.
She would never be able to experience that virtuous, innocent love of
a mother toward her son again.  Her love for him as a son had now
metamorphosed into a love for him as a lover.  The incestual love that
they would create must somehow grow to be as deep and strong as the
maternal bonding she had felt for him.  It was all they had left and
she realized that she mustn't let it slip away too.
Finally, she took a deep breath and pushed the door open.
"OH, MY LORD," she gasped with simulated shock as she stood in the
doorway gawking down at his jutting maleness.  
Seth, surprised by the suddenness of his mother's brazen appearance,
didn't move for several seconds as he gaped back at her.  Catherine
caught up in the play acting, stood transfixed, staring down at her
son's giant cock as he stood holding onto his penis, not knowing what
to do or say.                  
"SETH DEMPSEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE YOU DOING?" Catherine loudly
demanded finally breaking the impasse, knowing that she must take
command of the situation if she was to guide it to an appropriate and
acceptable ending.
"What, uh, What do, uh, OH SHIT," Seth blurted out grabbing for the
towel lying on his bed, "GOD, MOM, CAN'T YOU KNOCK?"
"Well, I didn't think," she stuttered as she watched him wrap the
towel around his waist, trying to cover his maleness from her prying
eyes, but finding he was unable to hide the tell-tale bulge,  "that
you would be, be, uh, be masturbating.  I'm sorry."
"Well, I, uh, I'm, uh, I'm sorry that you, uh, you saw me," he
stammered and blushed as he wondered what to do next.
"I, am, uh, too," she blushed back at him, "I was just going to invite
you down for a sandwich or something, but I don't want to interrupt
anything."
"God, Mom," he groaned, turning even redder.  
"I'm sorry," she smiled softly, "I shouldn't have teased you."
"Do, Uh, well, uh, do you still, uh, still, uh, still want me to eat,
uh, with you?" he muttered.
"Of, course I do," she told him, smiling nervously, "But I think you'd
better put on some clothes first, don't you?"
"AW, Mom," he complained, "Quit teasing me?"
"Okay," she laughed softly, turning and walking out of his room.
Seth didn't know what to do now.  He had thought that he and his
mother had been playing a game of  hide and peek, but now he didn't
know.  He thought she had undressed herself knowing that he was
looking on, but now he was unsure.  Maybe he hadn't heard her say that
she wished she could have him again.  Confused and bewildered, he
wondered if he shouldn't finish the job he had started so he wouldn't
feel so aroused around her.
"SETH, ARE YOU GOING TO STAY UP THERE ALL NIGHT?"
Hearing his mother call to him, he hurriedly pulled on a pair of
shorts and rushed down the stairs.  Walking into the kitchen, he saw
that she had supper on the table and was already eating.  As he walked
over to the table, he saw his mother's eyes quickly dart down to the
clearly visible bulge in his shorts.
Blushing, he sat down across from her and began to eat his sandwich.
"Uh, Where's Dad?" he asked her, taking a swallow of milk to wash down
the mouthful of sandwich.
"He got called away to England this afternoon," she told him,
"Something was wrong with the computer they just put in and he has to
fix it.  I imagine that he will be gone all week."
"Oh," Seth uttered, realizing that they would be alone all week.
The air in the small kitchen was so charged with anticipation, it
seemed as if anything would set it off, so neither of them spoke until
they were almost finished eating.
"Uh, I'm sorry that I burst in on you like I did," she finally told
him, "I didn't realize that you were, uh, you were, uh, masturbating."
"GOD, MOM," he complained, turning bright red with embarrassment once
again, "Are you TRYING to embarrass me?"
"No," she smiled, slowly getting up, "I just didn't expect to find
you, uh, you know, uh, doing it."
"GOD, MOM, PULLEASE," he groaned unable to keep himself from watching
her big, soft breasts cavort freely underneath her shirt as she leaned
down and picked up her dishes, "Could we just drop it,  PLEASE."
"Not yet, I'm afraid," she smiled at him, walking over to the sink and
putting her dirty dishes into it.
"What now?" he asked her as he finished his sandwich.
"Are you through?" she asked him, leaning down to take his plate and
letting the soft heaviness of one of her breasts brush against his
shoulder.
"Uh, Yes, uh, Sure," he gulped loudly, swallowing the last bite of his
sandwich and almost choking on it.
How was he supposed to act around his mother after he had had sex with
her?  He was afraid to turn around and see what his mother was doing.
He heard her move away from the table as he nervously waited for her
explain herself.
"Uh, What else did you, uh, want to talk about, Mom?" he asked
apprehensively, unsure of where the conversation might lead.
"I wondered if you would like to go camping again," she said softly,
moving up behind him and lightly running her fingers through his
hair."  
"Uh, Gosh, Uh, Mom, I don't know," he stammered, "It's sort of short
notice, isn't it?"
"Well, I'm afraid that I have sort of a confession," she mumbled
softly "and a question that I need to ask you.  And if I'm right,
maybe we can just pretend we're camping like we were last week."
"Uh, well, uh, Gosh, Mom, what do you mean?" he asked hesitantly,
feeling himself suddenly aroused, intoxicated by erotic aroma of her
perfume and her nearness.
"Do you remember the last time we went camping?" she asked him,
running her finger down around his ear, toying with it.
"Uh, Yeah," he muttered finding himself becoming more and more
aroused.
"That night, I had a dream about you," she said.
"Oh."
"Well, I thought it was a dream," she lied, "until I saw you upstairs
while ago."
"MOM," he complained loudly.
"No, really, I, uh, I dreamed that I, uh, well, I dreamed that I saw
you doing the same thing I saw you doing just now," she told him,
blushing in spite of her deception.
"GOD, MOM, You're embarrassing me again," he groaned, turning around
to face her.
 As he turned, he suddenly found himself staring directly into her
big, jutting breasts thrusting out against the material of her blouse.
 "It's the truth," she told him, stepping back a step so that her
breasts weren't mashed up against his face, "but I thought that I also
dreamt that your Dad made love to me after I had the dream."
"MY GAWD, MOTHER, WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME THIS?" he blubbered,
wondering what she was leading up to, "What's that got to do with me.
Are you just trying to embarrass me again?"
"Now, I......," she paused, staring down at him, wondering if he would
admit his culpability, "I, uh, I think it was you that made love to me
that night."
"WHAT THU," Seth gasped out in fear and alarm.
"I didn't understand why Brian could feel so big, but when I saw you,
I knew that it had to be you.  You are so big."
"OH, GOD, MOTHER," he blurted, crying like a baby, "I'M SO, SO SORRY
THAT I DID IT TO YOU."
Glad to see him admit to his culpability in their incestuous
copulation, she stepped forward and pulled his face into her bosom.
"It wasn't all your fault," she tried to explain to him, "I should
have realized that it wasn't Brian.  And when I knew that it was you,
I should have stopped you, but I didn't want to.  It was just as much
my fault as it was yours."
"Oh, Mother, Can you ever forgive me?" he blubbered, burying his face
in the comforting warmness of her big, soft  breasts.
"I already have," she consoled him, holding him close to her, "What we
did is done.  Nothing either of us can do will undo it."
"I'm sorry, Mother," he sobbed, his tears spilling out and wetting her
blouse.
"It was wrong," she comforted him, "but we did it, knowing that it was
wrong, didn't we."
"You mean, you mean, you knew, too?" he sniffled, trying to hold back
the tears.
"Yes, I knew that it was you," she admitted finally, releasing him.
Astonished, he leaned back away from her and looked up into her eyes.

Their eyes met and fused together for several moments.  As they stared
into each other's eyes, their love for each other flowed between them
so passionately it almost became visible.  
Then abruptly, Catherine reached down and quickly pulled her blouse up
over her head letting her great, pendant breasts spill out into the
open.
"OHMYGOD," he groaned as her magnificent, bare breasts tumbled out
into view not more than six inches in front of his face.
"Do you still like my breasts?" she asked him, thrusting them toward
him.  "You used to love to suck on them, a long time ago."
"OH, Mother," he murmured, "They are beautiful."
Pulling her son's face into her bosom, she felt his mouth hungrily
seek out one of her aching nipples and lock onto it.  Holding his face
pressed against her breast, she reveled in the feel of him greedily
sucking and pulling on her tingling nipple.
Not wanting him to stop, she stood in front of him relishing the feel
of his lips as they pulled and tweaked her nipple for the longest
time.  Then as he sucked on her breast, she felt him slowly slip his
hand up under her skirt.  Remembering she wasn't wearing any panties,
she waited breathlessly as she felt him deliberately inch his hand up
her leg until she felt his fingers brush over her pubic hair.  Then
she almost fainted when she felt his hot, probing fingers began to
explore the soft, limp folds of flesh surrounding  her most secret
place.
"Oh, God," she muttered as she waited for him to probe the hot, sticky
core of her waiting womanhood.  
As his fingers tentatively fumbled over the soft, fleshy lips
surrounding her pulsating socket, she slowly spread her legs apart as
wide as could.  Panting softly with anticipation, she eagerly awaited
for him to explore her aching wetness with his fingers.  She had to
wait only a second or two longer before she felt him tenderly slide a
thick, hot finger up into the seething slipperiness of her salivating
cunt.
Slowly pushing his middle finger up into his mother's fiery slit, he
eased it in as far as it would go.  He stopped only when his knuckles
brushed against her hairy mons veneris.  The excitement of the moment
was so intense, he felt like he was suffocating.   He wasn't dreaming,
he really had his finger thrust up inside of his mother's wonderful
pussy.   He was almost afraid to move as he kept his finger thrust up
into her hot, sucking hole.  But finally, he began to move his finger
around inside the squishy pulp of her womanhood as he explored its
hot, forbidden mystery.
After several moments, she felt him stop twirling his finger around
inside of her.  Then without warning, he pulled his finger out of her
aching hole.  She was disappointed as she felt him run his hand back
down her leg and let her skirt fall back down around her thighs.  Why
had he taken his finger out of her so quickly, she wondered as she
waited to see what he would do next. 
Her wait was momentary as he stood up and took her in his arms.
Pulling her to him roughly, he kissed her hard, sending his tongue
digging deep inside of her mouth. He kissed her so passionately, it
almost took her breath away. 
They kissed for the longest time before she felt him forcing her to
turn around.  Wondering what he had in mind, she kept turning until
she felt the edge of the table dig into the back of her thighs.  Then,
as they kissed and their tongues entwined, she felt him slowly forcing
her back down onto the table.
As she leaned back farther and farther, she finally felt him abruptly
lift her up onto the table.
In the heat of the moment, Seth hardly seemed to strain as he lifted
his mother up onto the table.  Then, their lips slowly parted as Seth
gently, but forcefully, pushed her down on the table.  She now lay on
her back looking up at him as he stood between her outstretched legs.

Watching him, her eyes were filled with desire and more than a little
apprehension as he reached down and pushed her skirt even higher up
her bronzed thighs.  
Then as the beautiful shimmering wetness of her vagina was finally
revealed to him, Seth felt his cock lurch excitedly, threatening to
erupt.  The cause of thousands of dreams now lay before him,
vulnerably exposed and waiting for him impale it with his mighty
love-sword.  Gawking down at the beauty of her alluring soft pink gash
before him, he was overwhelmed by its fragile delicacy.  The sheer
intensities of emotions that were coursing through his body were so
great that he was unable to move for the longest time.
Then he suddenly he bent forward and buried his face in the bubbly
wetness of her drooling pit.  Luxuriating in the smoothness of the
satiny skin surrounding her pussy, Seth wallowed in it, hungrily
kissing and licking it.  Rubbing his face in her overheated softness,
he smeared its musky sweetness all over his face.  As he did, he was
engulfed by the erotic fragrance of her musky scent as it swelled up
out of her ripe femininity.  Groveling in the hot stickiness of the
sweet-smelling slit between his mother's long, shapely legs, Seth felt
his great cock jerking up and down with overripe eagerness.  Finally
able to pull his face out of his mother's hot, dripping womanhood,
Seth stumbled to his feet and drunkenly bent down and ripped his
shorts off.  
Tossing them aside recklessly, he staggered back up between her
beautiful wide spread legs.
As her son stood looking down at her, Catherine was alarmed at the
size of his giant penis.  Unable to stop herself, she openly stared
down at her son's gigantic sex organ grotesquely sticking out from his
groin.  It jutted out at her like an enormous, pink serpent with a
giant purple head and one great evil eye leaking with its malevolent
readiness.  As she gawked down at his great one eyed monster, she felt
perverse excitement course through her body.  Then a stream of
pre-fuck juice dribbled out of the hole and ran down along the
underside of his cock.  She saw that he was so eager his great cock
was literally dripping with readiness.  To know that she was the cause
of his excitement was so stimulating, she almost fainted as she
awaited the reconsummation of incestuous love. 
Groaning with effort and desire, Seth leaned toward her again.
Quickly slipping his arms under her beautiful legs, he hooked his
elbows underneath her curvaceous, firm legs.  Grunting, he quickly
lifted her legs, spreading her frothing, drooling pit open even wider
as his throbbing gargoyle approached it.  
Leaning into her, he pushed his elephantine prick up to the drooling
opening of her  waiting wetness.  As his giant cockhead touched the
soft, satiny skin of her pussy, he felt such a rush of perverse
excitement, his cock nearly belched out its fiery load any.
It had been exciting that night in the tent, but now it was so
different.  That had been had been a secret, underhanded deception
that he had perpetuated on his mother.  Now she was opening inviting
him fuck her.  To possess her.  To make love to her.  Just her willing
participation made it so overwhelming exciting.  
Slowly easing his penis onto the vulnerability of her waiting
softness, he couldn't stop himself from trembling with anticipation.
He was about to make love to his beautiful mother, again.  He was
actually going to put his cock inside the place where he had been
created so many years ago.  Not only was he going to fuck her, but she
was readily accepting his maleness back into the very core and soul of
her motherhood.  She was eagerly accepting him back into the fiery
cauldron that had created him. 
At the same time, it was frighteningly dangerous. They would be banned
to wander the perilous territory of incestuous love forever. But it
was too late to stop their headlong plunge as he watched her reach for
his throbbing maleness.  
Seeing the evil, purple hooded gargoyle approach her waiting
womanhood, Catherine reached down and took hold of its rigid, bloated
hardness.  Slowly, apprehensively, she forced it down onto the
slippery wet gash of her motherhood.  Then as it touched her, she
rapidly rubbed the great purple cockhead up and down her dripping,
salivating slit.  As she did, she spread his viscous, slippery
pre-fuck around her cuntal opening and quickly coating its hard,
roundness with her own pre-fuck slipperiness.
Finally, centering the great, round cockhead in the burning core of
her seething pussy, she gave it a little tug encouraging him to push
it into her.
Seth hesitated only a moment as he felt the fiery heat permeating up
out his mother's hot, steamy pussy.
Slowly, he leaned forward, feeling the hot clinging flesh of her pussy
slowly wrap itself around the aching head of his bulging cockhead.
Deeper and deeper into the hot, forbidden depths went the huge, round
malignancy of his cockhead  until it was buried inside of her.
Unable to stop himself, Seth suddenly sent the entire twelve inches of
his monstrous cock slashing into the scorching, clinging depths of his
mother's vagina with one wickedly powerful lunge.
"OH, MY, GOD, SETH," she gasped as she felt his cock tear into her,
puncturing her womanhood with his hugeness and suddenly filling her
emptiness almost beyond its limit.
She hoped her pussy could take all of her son's mammoth love sword.
It slashed into her savagely, but even as his elephantine penis ripped
into her, she felt herself stretching and dilating almost beyond
belief to accept all of him.  Then suddenly, his hard belly crashed
down onto her belly and she knew that she had taken all of him inside
of her again.  Never had she felt the innards of her pussy so tightly
compressed.  Her son had filled her to her limit and then a little
more.
"Oh, Mother, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH," he blubbered out as he held himself
thrust against her, grinding himself into her hot, soft, warmness.
"OH, GOD, I LOVE YOU TOO," she wheezed, squeezing down on his cock
with her powerful cunt muscles.
Pausing for only a moment to savor the tight, clinging wetness of her
wet sheath, Seth quickly began to fuck his mother.  Within moments, he
was sawing his immense penis in and out of her with deep, stabbing
thrusts.
Then he felt something inside of him snap and he began hammering his
elephantine prick into her hot, wet socket like a madman.  He was no
longer able to control himself and he began to grunt and snort like a
crazed animal as he pounded his cock into her lathered slit. 
The table wobbled and creaked as it threatened to collapse at any
moment as they fucked like animals.  The total depravity and
wickedness of their insane coupling were overwhelming both of them.
The ferocity and violence of his attack on her, quickly drove her to
the edge of a cataclysmic orgasm.
"OH, GAWWDDDD!" she screamed out as she felt her body consumed by
fires of an unholy origin.
As Seth lost his fight for control, he continued to slam his cock into
her violently.  Then abruptly, he saw his mother begin to shake and
flounce about on the table uncontrollably.  Unable to stop fucking
her, he watched as she flailed about so wildly, he was afraid that she
would hurt herself.  Guilt ridden that he couldn't stop, he continued
to hammer his cock into her as she writhed about underneath him. He
was so close to spewing out his huge gusher of  his hot, burning cream
into her, he couldn't stop driving his cock into her.  Disregarding
her danger, he greedily chose to fulfill his own selfish needs.
Closing his eyes, he continued to pound his great cock into the
convulsing, clutching, clenching core of his mother's collapsed cunt.
Wheezing and gasping for breath, he was fucking  her with such force,
he was afraid he might hurt her even if she didn't hurt herself.  But
still it didn't stop him as he drove his giant cock in and out of her
mercilessly.
The table underneath his mother's writhing body was creaking and
groaning even louder under the punishment of his assault.  But still
he pounded his cock into her with abandonment.
Suddenly, all at once, he felt a horrific stabbing pain tear through
his balls.  His balls felt like they had burst and sent out a gusher
of liquid fire tearing through his cock.  It was so hot, it scorched
his cock as it tore through it. The pain in his cock was so great, he
knew that the spout of burning hot cum must have scalded the delicate
lining of his cock.  It continued to spew out through it on its way
out and into his mother's waiting cunt.  Then just as the spout of
boiling, scorching cum spurted out of his cock, he felt such a
contraction of pleasure wash over him, he nearly fainted.  Then he
felt another gigantic wave of pure, exquisite pleasure wash over him
as another great fiery gusher of superheated cum came jetting out
through his great lurching, jerking penis.
"AWWWW FFUUUuuucccckkkkk," he bellowed out as he thrust himself into
her with all his might, driving his great prick deeper into her pussy
than he had ever  had his manthing inside any woman before.
Lying under her son, Catherine had never been impaled as deeply as she
was impaled by her son's enormous dick.   Every last millimeter of his
foot-long ,iron-hard, jerking, spurting  boycock was buried inside of
her.  It was as if their minds and bodies had become one, welded
together at the groins by the blasphemous heat of their wicked, unholy
union.
Groaning and muttering unintelligible animal-like sounds, Seth held
his cock thrust up inside of his mother as the gigantic, fleshy cannon
fired again and again and again.  With every volley, it sent another
tidal wave of his boiling, viscous, syrupy boycream spurting out into
the deep core of her hot, clinging cunt.  Time seemed to stop for both
of them.  Nothing else mattered to either of them except his giant
engine puking out load after load of burning, frothy boycream inside
of  the hot, holy place that had created him.  It was as if he had
returned to the place of his birth and was trying to recreate himself
inside of her.  He shuddered at the eroticism of it all as he held
himself inside of the fiery, clutching depths of her convulsing pussy.
While her son continued to pump his life essence into her, she felt
herself finally begin the slow descent from the mind-bending high of
her climax.  There was an air of unreality about it as she lay with
her back on the cold kitchen table, looking up at her son standing
between her legs with his bare belly shoved against her own nakedness.
She could tell by his facial contortions that he was still being
consumed by the unholy passion of his orgasm as she felt him continue
to grind his cock into her pussy.  What kind of monster had she
created, she wondered as she pushed herself back at him, trying to
take every last millimeter of his huge cock inside her.
Seth could feel the tensed muscles in his back and legs begin to ache
and quiver with fatigue as the intensity of his ejaculations finally
began to decline with every pleasurable spasm that coursed through his
cock.  The intenseness of his orgasm was almost excruciating
pleasurable and the strain of holding his cock buried inside of his
mother's sucking cunt, was taking its toll and draining his legs of
energy.  It felt like he had already spewed out a gallon of his thick,
gummy semen into his mother's hot, clutching cunt. It felt as if his
body's energy was rushing out of his cock and into his mother.  Still,
his cock had a mind of its own as it continued to jerk and twitch
inside of her.  He had spewed out so much cum into her, he could feel
the hot, sticky sap dripping out of her and running down his legs.
Still his great prick pumped away inside her as he held himself thrust
up against her soft, warm underbelly.
He wished it would never end, but he knew it had to.  Finally, with
one last feeble shudder, his cock spit out its last little dollop of
cum inside of the drenched core of her cunt.
"OH, FUCK," he groaned as he felt his legs give way and he fell to his
knees between his mother's widespread legs, wrenching his giant cock
out of her flooded cunt as he fell.
"Oh, Baby," she winced, as his giant peter popped out of her cunt.
Standing on his knees between his mother's legs, Seth found himself
staring directly into the gaping hole of his mother's beautiful
love-wound.  He brazenly stared  into the deep, yawning opening of his
mother's cunt realizing that was still dilated and stretched wide open
from the invasion of his huge, bloated cock.  He couldn't believe he
had stretched her so much.  How could her pussy be so little, yet
stretch enough to take his big cock, he wondered.  Staring into the
weeping gash, he watched with fascination as it ever so slowly relaxed
and constricted back down to normalcy.  As he watched the shrinking
mystery of her secretiveness, a stream of gooey white cream oozed out
of the deep, slowly closing gash and dribbled down onto the floor.
Enthralled by the deep, fleshy gash trickling out the evidence of
their incestuous love, he leaned forward and buried his face in its
warm, sticky wetness.
"OHmmmmmmmmbbbbaaaabbbiiiieeeee," She murmured as she felt his tongue
tickling and licking her cunt.
Reveling in the feel of the satiny soft woman-flesh, he ran his tongue
over it, licking at the syrupy coat of foam covering it.  As  he poked
and probed her softness with his tongue, he savored the exciting,
musky, woman smell exuding from gaping love-wound.  Still drunk from
the emotional drama he had just participated in, he lovingly kissed
and tongued the soft smoothness of her weeping pussy for the longest
time.
Finally, giving her clitoris one last kiss, he lurched back up to his
feet.  He was so happy, he almost felt like crying as he stood between
her long, beautiful legs, looking down at her exposed vulnerability.
He had never felt such passion before.  He still loved his mother with
the warm, protective love of a son, but now it was so much more than
that.  He now loved her the way a man loves a woman. The two loves had
coalesced and mutated into a love so deep and desperate, it was almost
too much for him to bear.  Staring into her eyes, he felt as she was
drawing his soul into her mind.  The love that flowed between them was
all consuming and neither of them could control the emotions that were
washing over them like huge, mountainous waves crashing onto a beach.
Looking back down at her waiting womanhood, he was shocked to see his
cock sticking straight out, hard and ready once again.  He didn't know
if it had shrunk and rehardened as he had consumed his mother's pussy,
or if it had just stayed hard the whole time.  It didn't matter, he
thought, as he felt it throbbing and jutting out from his groin like a
great, wicked, malignancy.
Catherine had also become aware of her son's conspicuous hardness as
she lay on her back looking up at him.  She was waiting to see what he
would do next, when she watched him lean down and hook his arms
underneath her legs once again.  Preparing for him to make love to her
again, she was surprised when she felt herself being lifted up off the
table.  She was amazed at his strength as he lifted her completely up
off the table.  With her legs draped over his arms, the back of her
knees nestled in the crook of his arm, she saw that her bared
femininity dangled directly above his huge, bulging boycock.  As he
pulled her to him, she reached out and wrapped her arms around his
neck.  Then as she breathlessly waited, she felt him lowering her down
onto his giant, jutting cock.
"Oh, My, God," she gasped out in disbelief and pleasure as she felt
his great stiff penis slowly penetrate her hot, waiting womanhood once
again. 
Gently this time, he lowered his mother down onto his rigid, hard
cock, inch by inch.  As he did so, he felt her gluttonous pussy devour
his aching prick until at last, he felt his belly touch the back of
her soft, bronzed thighs.  Proudly, he stood there, holding her in his
arms with his cock completely buried up inside of her burning hole, as
their groins ground against each  other wickedly.
Then, ever so carefully, , he turned slowly and started walking toward
the stairs even as his cock was buried deep inside of her.  As he
shuffled along, her long statuesque legs, still draped over his arms
bobbed up and down sexily.
She couldn't believe he was strong enough to perform such a feat as he
struggled over to the stairs.   The fact that he was strong enough to
carry her and fuck her at the same time was astounding.  Love was an
aphrodisiac in itself, she thought as she felt his gigantic cock
filling her womanhood to its limit once again.  She could even feel it
swishing around inside of her with each step her son took.
"Ohh, Anhhh, Ohhhhh, Sethhhh, Anhhhh," Catherine bubbled and gushed as
he carried her across the room.
Stopping for a second at the bottom of the stairs, Seth strengthened
his hold on her and slowly started up the steps.
"Oh Seth," Catherine blurted out as she felt his giant penis poke even
deeper into the tender depths of her vagina that were unused to
feeling a man's hardness, "Baby, don't give yourself a hernia, Please.
I want you to be able to make love to me all week long, Darling."
"Uhnhhh," he grunted stepping up to the next step and driving his cock
even deeper into the aching core of her pussy.
"Oh, My Baby, you're so, so big," she exclaimed as he took another
step and stabbed himself into her once again.
Lurching up the stairs like some erotically deformed creature with two
heads and two bodies wickedly entwined and joined, they finally made
it to the top of the stairs.  Stopping at the top of the stairs, Seth
was huffing and puffing as if he had just finished a marathon.  
"Honey, don't have a heart attack," Catherine warned him, "I can walk,
you know.
As she spoke, she mischievously wiggled her butt and clenched his
penis with her cuntal muscles.
"There is no real reason to hurry," she cooed softly leaning forward
and brushing his lips with hers, "We have all week long."
"I know," he panted, starting to stagger down the hall toward his
mother's room, "But I want you so much, I just can't stop myself."
"Oh, you Dear little man," she murmured as they careened down the
hallway.
Their readiness was exceedingly obvious, their groins slapping
together wetly as Seth carried her down the hallway.  It amazed her
that she was already pumping out her pre-fuck juice again after having
climaxed only minutes earlier.  Such was her love and desire for her
son.
It seemed like it had taken hours, but Seth finally stumbled into her
room.  Staggering like a drunk, he tottered over to the bed.  Bending
down, keeping his belly thrust up against her, he slowly laid his
mother down onto the bed.  Standing between her outstretched legs,
looking down at her beauty, he couldn't believe that all this was
actually happening.
Staring up at him adoringly, she watched in fascination as he ever so
slowly withdrew his huge, wet boything from her tingling womanhood.
As it slowly slithered out of her, she could see that it was wet and
glistening with her juices.  She didn't remember ever being so wet,
she thought as she saw that her womanjuice was literally dripping off
his giant boy-peter.
Then with a little slurp, she felt the enormous head of his cock pop
of her sucking, clenching pussy.
"Oh, Baby," she complained wanting to have him back inside of her.
"Mommy, would you, uh, could you, would you, uh, please," he stammered
as he stood between her legs, his giant penis bobbing up and down in
time with his heartbeat.
"What, Baby, what do you want, Baby," she asked him.
"Would you, uh," he stuttered again, unable to mouth his desire, but
trying to show her by putting his knee on the bed and starting to
crawl up on the bed.
"Oh, Baby, would you like for me to suck you?" she asked him, seeing
his eyes light up with expectation as she spoke.
"Oh, Yes, Mommy," he gushed, straddling her and crawling up the bed
with his great cock bouncing up and down wickedly.
Staring up at her son's approaching colossus, she reached up to guide
the jutting, swaying perversion down to her mouth.
Straddling his mother, Seth finally stopped and stood on his hands and
knees  with his mammoth cock wickedly bouncing up and down above her
face.  Staring back down at her, he felt his heart skip a beat as he
saw her full, red lips open.
Ever so slowly, she took hold of his gigantic, inflexible prick and
deliberately bent it down toward her mouth.  Forcing his cock down
farther and farther toward her open mouth, she finally sucked the
great cockhead inside her hot, sucking mouth.
"Oh, My, God, Mother," he groaned as he watched her lips slowly
encircle his cockhead and suck it into her mouth.
Twirling his great, round cockhead around inside the hot, tightness of
her mouth, she could feel his muscles tense almost immediately.  With
his cockhead  securely imprisoned in her hot, sucking mouth, she
reached around behind him and grabbed  the cheeks of his ass.  Slowly
pulling him down toward her, she sucked more and more of his
stupendous cock into her sucking mouth as she tongued and licked the
petrified monster.  She could sense that he was loosing control as his
breath was coming in jerking gasps and his whole body was beginning to
tremble.  Ignoring the imminent eruption of his pulsating manthing,
she grabbed hold of his huge, dangling balls and began to squeeze them
roughly.  Still pulling him into her with one hand, she tugged and
toyed with his balls with the other hand.  
"Oh, Fuck, Oh, Shit, Oh Mommy, Oh, God," he panted as he tried to hold
back the flood of cum that was that was threatening to breach any
restraint he had at any moment.
"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, MOOOOMMMMIIIIEEEEE, GAWWWDDDD," he wailed as his
cock finally gave a great jerk and sent a thick, gelatinous geyser of
his hot, viscid boy-cream spurting out into his mother's sucking,
pulling mouth.
Even though she tried, she couldn't swallow the tidal wave of thick,
frothy cum that came spewing out of his cock.  There was too much and
it gushed out around the thick shaft of his cock, spilling down her
chin.  Even before she could swallow the first spout of cum, another
gigantic gusher of his thick, white cream came spurting out of his
cock, overflowing  her mouth again.  Sucking and swallowing as fast as
she could, she couldn't keep up with the erupting flood of cum that
spewed out of his like water out of a broken water main.
Even as she sucked and pulled on his great cock, Seth groaned and
blubbered like a baby.  He was so out of control that he didn't know
what he was doing.  Then all of a sudden he unknowingly hunched
himself into his mother's face driving his gigantic, spurting, jerking
penis down into her throat.
"Argghhhhhhh," she gagged as her son's enormous penis slammed into her
throat.  Gagging on its hugeness, it took all of her will power to
keep from throwing up, but after a few nauseous moments, the reflux
stopped and she began sucking and pulling on him again.
Having penetrated the tight opening of her throat, his thrusts quickly
buried his entire cock into her mouth and throat.
Holding onto his balls, she continued to pull him into her as his cock
emptied itself down her throat.  Again and again, it jerked, bulged
out and ejaculated.  It was now buried so deeply inside of her, it
felt like it was spurting  its milky load directly into her stomach.
Fighting to keep from throwing up and feeling herself growing faint
from lack of oxygen, she still kept sucking and gnawing on his
erupting penis.
Finally, mercifully, she felt his cock give one final lurch and
quickly begin to shrink in size.  Quickly, she pushed him back up away
from her, letting his rapidly deflating manhood slowly slither back up
her throat and at last, out into her mouth. Quickly spitting his cock
out, she gasped in several deep, sweet, life restoring breaths.   Then
as Seth stood on his hands and knees above her, quivering in
post-ejaculatory elation, she softly sucked his softening maleness
back into her mouth.
"Oh, God, Mother," Seth finally groaned.
His cock was becoming smaller and smaller as she twirled it around
inside her mouth, toying with it.  Licking and tickling his maleness
with her tongue, she felt his dick finally stop its retreat to
smallness and begin to enlarge again.
Letting his manhood, slip out of her mouth, she waited for him to
crawl off her.  Lifting his leg, he rolled off her and flopped down to
the bed in the same movement.
"That was a delicious dessert," she smiled at him, "and I ate so much
my tummy feels like it is going to burst."
"I'm sorry, Mom," Seth murmured.
"I'm not complaining, Dear," she said softly as she slowly sat up,  "I
am really impressed by your strength and masculinity.  I don't know of
many men who could have carried me up the stairs the way you did and
still be able to do what you did.  And, I've never seen any man
ejaculate so much semen.  And you did it twice.  I am touched that you
find me so exciting."
"Mom, there is no other woman in the world that can even come close to
you," he grinned sleepily, "Not in looks or brains or, or, or
anything.  You're the most perfect woman in the world."
"My, My," she blushed, "You're making me blush."
"It's true."
"Well, you look tired," she smiled, getting to her feet, "So why don't
you take a little nap and we'll, uh, see what happens later tonight.
Okay?"
"You bet," he yawned.
Padding over to the bathroom, she could feel the sticky coating of
their lovecream on her inner thighs.  It was starting to dry, making
her skin feel itchy and scratchy.  She was still amazed at how much
semen her son had produced.  Stepping into her bath, she looked into
the mirror.  As she looked at herself, she wasn't surprised when she
saw that the her chin and throat were covered with thick, glistening
glaze of Seth's rich, creamy cum. There was so much of it, it was
still dripping off her chin and down onto her big, swollen breasts.
Reaching for a washcloth, she realized that there was too much for
that and shower would be the only way to remove it.
Quickly, she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.
Stepping out of it, she saw that her furry mat of pubic hair was
plastered down with another coating of her son's thick, glutinous cum.
Spreading her legs, she saw that her inner thighs glistened evilly
with another film of thick, rich semen.  Shaking her head in disbelief
of her son's potency, she leaned in and turned on the water.  Waiting
for the water to warm, she thought back on their afternoon rendezvous.
Reflecting back on her son's virility, she felt warm and happy inside
for a moment before the reality of what they had done came back to
her.  Why had she let her son fuck her, she wondered.  And now that it
was over, why did she feel it was so natural and right. She realized
that most women would feel desecrated, defiled, and unclean after
being seduced by their son, but strangely, she felt venerated that her
son had found her so desirable.
For whatever reason, she was going to cherish the wicked sensuality of
making love to her son as long as it lasted, she thought, as she
reached in to test the water,
Stepping into the shower, she let the hot, stinging spray wash away
the thick, potency of her son's gift from her face and throat.  Then
spreading her legs, she let it cleanse away the drying stickiness of
his earlier gift from her still sensitive pubis.  At last, after a
general scrubbing, her skin once again felt squeaky clean.
Stepping out of the shower, she toweled herself dry and started to
wrap the towel around herself.  Stopping, she laughed softly wondering
why she should bother.  She didn't need to hide her nakedness from
Seth anymore.
Stepping back out into her bedroom, she looked over at Seth and saw
that he was asleep.  Walking back to the bed, she stopped and she
stood looking down at her son, looking for any signs of wakefulness.
He was lying on his back with his arms and legs sprawled out
lifelessly.  She couldn't keep herself from looking down at his great,
sleeping manthing lying between his legs.  How different it looked
when it slept, she reflected.  It was soft and limp now, but even in
its present state of dormancy, it was at least six inches long, and
still bloated with blood.  Lying there, thick and puffy, it looked
like it was almost as big around as her wrist and still bore the
evidence of their love-making.
Feeling a sudden warmth sprout between her legs as she stood looking
down at her son, she quickly crawled onto the bed.  Reaching down, she
pulled the covers up over both of them.  Glancing at her watch, she
saw that it was only seven o'clock, but the afternoon had seemed to
last forever. Maybe they could take a nap and resume their
investigation of the dark realm of incestuous love later that night.
Snuggling up next to Seth, she closed her eyes and before she knew it,
she was asleep.
Slowly, she began to waken.  She didn't know how long she had been
asleep, but she felt groggy and vaguely uneasy about something.
Wondering what had woke her up, she suddenly felt something hot and
hard pressing up against her womanhood.  She wondered how a man could
be entering her as she lay on her stomach. Then she felt her hips
being lifted up off the bed as the hardness slowly began to penetrate
her unprotected vagina.
Smiling sleepily, she looked back over her shoulder expecting to find
her husband, Brian, but was terror-struck to see that it was her son,
Seth.
Shock and fear washed over her, leaving her filled with disgust and
loathing for him.  How could he do this to her she asked herself,
suddenly feeling sick to her stomach. Shaking her head, she tried to
clear the away the cobwebs of sleep and understand what in the world
was happening.  How could Seth be putting his penis into her.  God,
had he gone crazy.  Outraged, she started to pull away from him and
scream.  Just as she opened her mouth, she remembered the afternoon
and her mind began to function as reality washed over her like a warm
shower. 
How could she have forgotten what they had done that afternoon, she
wondered as she felt Seth slide his hand under her belly and gently
lift her buttocks higher into the air. 
Thankful that she had remembered in time, she cooperated by spreading
her long, perfectly shaped legs apart for him as he gently he lifted
her buttocks farther up into the air.  She felt him respond by
continuing to force his huge maleness even deeper into her pussy.  As
his cock easily slid into her, she was surprised to find that she was
wet and ready for him.
As he continued to lift her hips higher, she scooted her knees up
under her body and pushed herself back at him.  In doing this, she
felt his great manthing forcefully burrowing itself deeper and deeper
into her hot wetness.  
"Oh, My Baby," she groaned as she felt him pushing himself into her.
His hugeness still amazed her.  How could a cock the size of his ever
fit inside of her tiny, tight little slit? 
Thrusting herself back against him, she could feel herself being
filled to the limit by his great, monstrous cock as it slid deeper and
deeper into her cunt.  Then just as before, just when she felt like he
was about to rupture her with his monstrosity, she felt his hairy
belly softly thud up against her soft, upturned butt.
Pressing herself back against him, she reveled in the feel of his
thick, heavy lovesword penetrating deep into her aching cunt for a few
moments.  Then she quickly lifted herself up off him, letting his
mammoth cock slither back out of her wet, weeping slit.  She stopped
only when the great bulbous head of his cock rested in the opening of
her itching slit.  Pausing only for a second, she suddenly launched
herself back down onto him, swallowing his entire foot long cock back
into her womanhood with in one rapid gulp.
"Oh, Fuck," he grunted as he felt his mother's burning gash envelop
his thrusting maleness in one lightning lunge.
As she rocked away from him a second time, he leaned down over her,
reaching under her and taking her huge, dangling breasts in his hands.
This time, as she thrust herself back onto his great distended penis,
he hunched himself into her and their bodies crashed together like two
battling rams.
"OOAAHHHhhh, FFFUUUUCCCckkkkkk," she gasped as she felt his cock knife
back into her pussy so deep that it felt like it was about to come out
of her mouth, "You're too fucking big."
"I'm Sorryyy," Seth groaned, stopping in fear that he had hurt her,
"Do you want me to stop?"
	"No, oh, No, Don't Stop," she blubbered, pushing herself back
against him and wriggling her butt, "Fuck me, Please fuck me, my
lover."
Responding to his mother's pleading appeal, he immediately began to
saw his hardness in and out of her soft, slippery womanplace with a
vengeance.  As he pounded his cock into her, she struggled up to her
hands and knees so that he could fondle her perfectly shaped breasts
as he fucked her.  Leaning down over her, he teased and pulled on her
great dangling paps as he lovingly fucked her from behind.
As he hammered his great cock in and out of her throbbing cunt¸ she
quickly felt herself being impelled toward another exquisite orgasm.
Her whole essence seemed to be centered in the flesh that was now
wrapped around her son's gigantic cock.  It was as if every nerve
ending in the tight, hot channel had been overcharged and was now
pulsating with pleasure.   Seth's immense penis was once again
battering places inside her pussy that had never felt the hardness of
a man's cock before this day.  It was unbelievable that he was such a
perfect lover at such a young age, she thought as she felt herself
tottering on the edge of another cataclysmic orgasm.  In and out, in
and out, she felt his cock stimulating the entire length of her
drenched love gash.  It seemed like his cock was growing larger and
larger with each stabbing penetration.  Then, beginning with a tiny
little tingle so deep inside of her pussy she didn't think it would
ever make it out, a tidal wave of pleasure gushed out from her pussy
and washed over her whole body.
"OHHHhhh, Mmyyyy, BBAABBbbiiieeeee," she moaned as her body was
consumed by the unholy flames of another incestuous orgasm.
She felt as if she was being lifted to the heavens by angels, but knew
she was being plunged into the depths of hell by her son's cock.  The
intense pleasure was boiling up out of her pussy like lava from a
volcano with its core in hell.  She had never felt anything like it
before.
Just as before, Seth felt his mother begin to quake and shake below
him as he continued to slide his cock in and out of her.  He could
feel the muscles of her cunt clenching and clutching at his huge
manthing as it rocked in and out of her.  As their bodies slapped
together, her wetness coated his thighs and he could hear the wet,
lewd sound of their bodies slapping together.
"Oh, My, Fuck, Oh, My, Babbiee, oh, my, fuck, OH, Lord, Oh, Seth," she
blubbered like a crazy woman as she tossed head back and forth sending
her long, cinnamon-colored tresses flying in all directions.
Wiser this time, Seth didn't hesitate as his mother writhed and
groaned below him.  With steady, rhythmic strokes, he sawed his
colossal cock in and out of her salivating slit as she climaxed below
him. 
At last, the throes of her orgasm faded away.
 "Oh, unh, Honey, unh, that, unh, was, unh, wond, unh, er, unh, ful,"
she stammered out between the jarring thuds of his attack as he fucked
her.
"Unhhhhh," he mumbled, releasing her tits and taking hold of  her
hips, roughly pulling her pussy into him every time he slammed his
cock back into the hot socket of her pussy.
Basking in the warm, fuzzy afterglow of fulfillment, she spread her
lovely legs apart wider and wider to accommodate him, taking him into
her deeper and deeper.  It seemed as if every stabbing thrust of his
giant cock sent his cock into virgin depths of her vagina that had
never known a man before.   She felt like a girl on her first date
with the school quarterback.  She wanted him to love her and she
wanted to give him so much.
Her excitement was evidenced by the amount of lubricating juice that
was flowing out of her cunt.  There was so much of it, it was almost
embarrassing as it coated and was even spread out onto the cheeks of
her ass by Seth's pounding attack on her derriere. She knew that it
must be all over Seth's stomach and legs, too as she heard the slap of
his belly up against her upturned butt every time he hammered his cock
into her.
"Oh, uhn, it, uhn, feels, uhn, so, uhn, good," Seth blurted out
between thrusts.
"Oh, unh, Yes, Unh, My, unh, Baby, unh, I, unh, love, unh, it," she
echoed him.
Time seemed to be suspended as the incessant sound of their bodies
slapping together filled the room.
Dazed and reeling from her body's response to her son, she could feel
the burning tingle of another orgasm beginning deep inside of her
pussy again.  She had already had three orgasms and now another one
was building inside of her battered and abused pussy.  
"God, unh, I, Love, UNH, YOU," she gasped as she felt the flames of
her perverse estrous growing higher and higher.
Even as she felt herself being propelled up toward the peak of another
climax, she could feel him gripping her hips tighter and tighter.  He
was pulling her into him harder and harder with each hammering
impalement.  Almost imperceptibly, the rhythm of his attack on her
cunt had grown faster and faster.  Like a mighty steam locomotive
laboring up a long, steep grade, his hips worked back and forth
laboriously, driving  his giant cock in and out of her hot box over
and over again.  He was even beginning to sound like a locomotive as
he huffed and puffed from the effort of maintaining such a driving
rhythm. 
On and on, they fucked, Seth thrusting himself into his mother again
and again.  He loved the feel of his massive fleshy cylinder of
granite hard boyflesh slide in and out of her effortlessly, greased by
the gusher of her fuck juices exuding from the lining of her cunt.
Grunting and straining, they climbed the long, steep grade toward the
peak of perverse gratification. 
Moaning her approval of his efforts, Catherine thrust herself back on
him every time he sent his giant cock knifing up into her cunt.  She
was taking the entire length of her son's great bloated cock with
every hammering penetration and loving it. Suddenly, she felt herself
uncontrollably approaching the ignition point, but she wanted to delay
it until she felt him explode inside of her.  While she tried as hard
as she could to control it, she couldn't stop herself from being
inexorably drawn closer and closer to fiery conflagration of another
climatic outburst.  Unable to stop herself from concentrating on the
feel of her son's huge cock plunging in and out of her throbbing cunt,
she felt herself abruptly consumed by another unholy climax.  It felt
as if her pussy had burst into a million points of flame as her son's
mammoth dick created burning pulsations of pure pleasure inside of
her.  
"OH, BABIEEEE, Unh, Unh, Oh, Unh, Fuck, Unh, Oh, Unh, Unh," she
blabbered as her body shook and trembled.
Seth felt his mother's tight, hot cunt clamp down around his plunging
cock making penetration of her tightly grasping cunt more and more
difficult.  But, even as tightly clenched as her pussy was, the
abundance of fuck juice flowing from her lubricated the smooth,
slippery  walls of her cunt enough that he could still drive his cock
into her. But he was growing more and more exhausted.  The fact that
he had brought his mother to the point of climaxing a second time in
such a short period of time inspired Seth to attempt to stroke his
cock into her clenching, grabbing cunt faster and faster.
Catherine slowly she felt her senses returning to her as she emerged
from the stupefying influence of her mind-numbing climax.  As she did,
the muscles around her cunt began to relax and she felt her son
respond by fucking her faster and faster.  His endurance was demonic,
she thought as he continued to hammer his cock into her mercilessly.
She knew he had been fucking her for at least half an hour, yet he
showed no indication of stopping other than fucking her harder and
faster.   What great generators of cum his giant, swinging balls must
be, she thought as she felt them slapping up against her belly every
time he penetrated her.  
Then, astonished, she felt the telltale tickle of another orgasm begin
deep inside her battered pussy.  Had Seth broken something inside of
her making her unable to stop having orgasms, she wondered.  Surprised
by her own sexual capability, she felt the need for another orgasm
growing as he continued to brutally fuck her from behind.
"OH, Unh, Fuck, Unh, ME, Unh, Fuck, Unh, ME, Unh, Fuck, Unh, ME," she
begged loudly, wanting to feel the exquisite pleasure of another
climax overwhelm her.
She thought it was impossible, but Seth responded by increasing the
tempo of his fucking to another level that she didn't know existed.
His mammoth penis was tearing in and out of her slavering cunt so fast
that it felt like a great, immense vibrator drubbing the insides of
her drenched cunt.
His gigantic prick was so huge that every time it tore into her pussy
it pulled her clitoris down against the harsh top of his cock nearly
driving her wild with pleasure.
 "OH, Unh, Fuck, Unh, ME, Unh, Fuck, Unh, ME, Unh, Fuck, Unh, ME," she
begged as he violently fucked her.
Then the tiny tickle inside of her cunt exploded into another full
blown orgasm as she began to shake and shudder uncontrollably.
"OH, UNH, OH, UNH, MY, UNH, OH, UNH, OMY," she gasped as she felt the
pleasure of her orgasm possess her body once again.
Even as she climaxed, she could sense that her son was nearing an
eruption as the tempo of his fucking was quickly growing more and more
erratic.  Despite the growing aberrance of his thrusts, he still kept
driving himself into her with wild abandon. 
Then, after several moments, when the intensity of her orgasm should
have started abating, she was shocked to feel the level of pleasure
flowing from her pussy slowly building as Seth continued to fuck her.
It was growing so strong, she didn't know how much longer she would be
able to bear the strain on her senses.  Then just when she felt like
the intensity of the pleasure was too much to withstand, she felt Seth
suddenly hunch into her ferociously, driving his monstrous penis into
her deeper and harder than he ever had before.
"OH FUCKING GOD, IMMMCCCUUUMMMMMIIIINNNNNN," he bellowed out sounding
as if he was pain.
As he held his malignancy thrust up inside of her convulsing cunt,
Catherine felt it balloon out so large it felt like she was giving
birth to a baby.  It felt like it was going to split her apart and her
thoughts raced back to when she had birthed Seth.  The feeling was the
same and he had been so big then that he had torn her vagina and it
had had to be sewn back together.  Then she was instantly returned
back to the present  when she felt him release a boiling, rushing
gusher of white-hot egg laded boycream into her pussy. The monstrous
spout of scorching boymilk was so great that it filled to the point of
overflowing immediately.  It felt like there must have been a gallon
of his rich, hot cum gush out into her pussy.  It immediately squirted
out around the great, pulsating shaft of his cock as spilled down her
inner thighs.  The wonderful flow of pleasure that was coming from her
pussy only increased as she felt his cock jerk and spew out stream
after stream of his thick, viscous milk.  Again and again, his great
fleshy cannon fired, filling her pussy  beyond it capability every
time.  Within moments, her pussy was so saturated with his cum, she
began to taste him inside her mouth.  Still his great engine of love
continued to jump and spurt inside of her drenched cunt.  It was
unbelievable.  No man could produce so much cum.  Something must have
broken inside of his monstrous cock.  She felt like she had had a
firehose shoved into her pussy and someone had turned it on full
force.  Still it jerked and bucked inside of her, slamming round after
round of lovecream into again and again.
Finally, when she thought he was through, it erupted inside of her
seven or eight more times before felt the force of the explosions
begin to diminish and the time between them lengthen.  Then, at last,
it stopped.
"OH, FUCK," Seth gasped as he fell back away from her, once again
rudely jerking his enormous cock out his mother's flooded cunt.
"Ouch," she yelped as the thick hugeness of her son's cock departed
from her pussy with a loud, lewd slurping sound.
"OHMOMPHSRRY," he mumbled as he flopped onto the bed, exhausted.
"That's all right, Baby," she whispered, turning around, "Are you
okay?"
"Idonknow," he sighed tiredly.
"Lord, Baby, you must have shot gallons and gallons of your sweet
cream into me," she said adoringly as she crawled over to him, "I
can't believe how much stuff you had in you."
"You bring out the best in me," he smiled weakly as he felt his mother
gently lift his fallen warrior.
"I think you have  the most potent love spear in all of creation," she
mumbled as she leaned down and gave it a soft, gentle kiss, "I Love
it."
"And, I Love you," he told her, pulling her down to him and kissing
her on the lips hard and long.
After they stopped kissing, Catherine lay down beside her son and
snuggled up against him.  As she lay pressed against him, she glanced
down at her watch and saw that it was ten o'clock.  Looking over at
the window, she realized that it was dark outside. 
"Oh, My goodness, Seth, Baby," she exclaimed, "It's ten o'clock."
"Really," he groaned tiredly, "Is that good or bad?"
"Uh, Oh, I don't know really," she laughed, "I just thought it was a
lot later than it is."
"I sort of lost track of time, too," he grinned at her.
"We've spent most of the night doing things we shouldn't be doing,"
she remarked soberly.
"But it felt great," he added.
"Yes it did," she smiled back at him, "I don't remember anything as
beautiful."
"Oh, My," Catherine cooed appreciatively as she felt her son's giant
cock slowly begin to harden again, "You're getting big again."
"I can't stop it," he said, "You are so exciting, and I love you so
much.  But, I'm so tired that I don't know if I'll be able to anything
with it."
"I can," she smiled wickedly, roughly stroking her son's cock and
watching it ever so slowly struggle to regain its hardness.
 "Oh, Baby, it is so beautiful, and hard, and big," she said adoringly
as his great penis, now hard and ripe, lay on his stomach.
Reluctantly releasing his cock, Catherine pushed her hand down between
his hairy legs.
Curious about what she was doing, he spread his legs apart and felt
her lift his big, egg shaped balls and roll them around in her hand.
"You're balls are as big as ostrich eggs," she lauded as she toyed
with them, "and they're so hard."
"Unhhhh," Seth groaned as he felt himself growing more and more
aroused.
"And what is this," he heard her ask as he felt her fingernail gently
tickle his anus.
"MOTHER," he complained, turning bright red with embarrassment.
"Doesn't this feel good?" she asked him as she continued to finger his
wrinkled little prune of a asshole.
"Yes, but it is embarrassing," he whined.
"Why?  I used to have to clean it when you were a little baby," she
smiled wickedly as she gently pressed her finger into the tight little
circle of wrinkled flesh.
"Mother, Please," Seth groaned as he felt her finger press against his
anus.
Moving her hand away from his anus, Catherine slowly sat up, her big
beautiful breasts wiggling and jiggling like two huge bowls of pink
Jell-O.  Scooting on the bed, she worked herself around until she was
sitting between her son's outstretched legs.  Leaning down, she lifted
his great serpentine prick up and began to gently suck on the bulbous
cockhead.
"Oh, My, God," Seth gasped out in pleasure as he felt her full, hot
lips encircle the head of his swollen cock.
Tickling and teasing it with her tongue, she concentrated on the cleft
where the bulging tube running along the underside of his giant organ
met the head of his dick.  As her tongue flicked back and forth, she
could feel her son's great hardness jump and quiver with expectation.

After several moments, she slowly let the huge, purple cockhead
slither out of her mouth.  Holding the foot long tower of hard,
boyflesh up, she slowly kissed and licked her way down the protruding
bulge running along the underside of his enormous cod piece.  His cock
was so big, it took several moments for her to finally reach the base
of the great cylinder of swollen meat.  Then she let it go and watched
it slowly lower itself back down onto his belly.  Leaning down lower,
she tenderly sucked one of his mammoth testicles into her mouth.
Hearing her son moan again, she gently rolled his giant ball around
inside of her mouth, tickling it with her tongue.  Sucking and pulling
on the great cum producer for several moments, she finally let it slip
out of her mouth but quickly sucked the other dangling testicle into
her mouth.  Swirling it around inside her mouth, she watched in
amazement as his colossal cock slowly lifted itself up from his
stomach.  She couldn't believe that he was so aroused that he could
lift the great weight of his gargantuan cock without assistance.  But,
there it was, jutting out hard and ready, slowly bobbing up and down
with each beat of his heart.  She continued to suck on his ball as she
watched his giant penis bob and dance before her eyes.   
Finally, she let his ball ooze out of her mouth.  Reaching down, she
took hold of his legs, behind his knees and forcefully lifted his legs
up in the air.
"Mother, uh, What are..."
Quickly leaning down, she found his asshole with her tongue.
"OH, FUCKeeeee," he screeched as he felt her hot, probing tongue
digging into his anus, "I'M GOING TO CUM, MOTHER."
Quickly, she dropped his legs and grabbed hold of his huge cock just
as it jerked and spurted out a great gob of thick, cream semen.  The
force behind his ejaculation sent the wad of cum shooting at least
three feet up into the air before it came splashing back down onto his
chest.
Waiting for his cock to continue to erupt, she was surprised when it
didn't.  Holding onto her son's rigid maleness, she waited and waited,
but nothing happened after the one massive explosion.
"Are you okay, Baby," she asked him, still waiting for him to resume
his orgasm.
"Umuh," was all he could say, not understanding what had happened
himself.
As they waited, they were both surprised that while his cock had
stopped ejaculating, it hadn't grown soft as it normally did.  It
still jutted up, hard and stiff.
"I've never seen anything like that," Catherine mumbled in amazement.
"Me, neither," Seth groaned, "Never, ever before."
"And you're still as hard as a rock."
"Uhuh," he muttered, staring down at his big, hard cock sticking up
out of his groin.
"I know that you're too tired to make love to me, but I'm not too
tired to make love to you," she smiled obscenely as she slowly got to
her hand and knees.
Not knowing what to expect, Seth watched his mother's great, dangling
breasts bounce and jiggle as she crawled up over him.  
Straddling her son, she slowly crawled up until her dripping, oozing
cunt was poised above his great swollen cock.   Reaching back between
her widespread legs, she grasped his cock and quickly lifted it up
until it was perpendicular to his belly.  Holding it up, she slowly
eased herself down until the thick, meaty lips of her cunt slipped
down over his great, distended cockhead.
"Oh, MOTHer, IT is So Hot," Seth whimpered as he felt her cunt slowly
consuming his cock as it slid down over him.
"Damn, you're so fucking big," she grunted as she continued to thrust
herself down onto his gigantic prick, "I can't believe how big you
are."
She pushed herself down farther and farther taking more and more of
his giant penis inside her throbbing cunt.  Grunting with effort, she
forced herself down onto him as she felt him slide deeper and deeper
into the hot mushiness of her womanhood.  At last the meaty lips of
her cunt settled down around the hairy base of his cock as she sat
atop of him with his entire cock buried up inside of her.  She sat
there for several seconds relishing the feeling of fullness he gave to
her.  Finally, she began to raise and lower her hip, slowly fucking
him as he reached up and toyed with her huge, dancing breasts.  Their
senses were so stimulated, it only took a couple of minutes before she
felt his cock begin to buck and spurt inside of her once again.
"Oh, MOTHER, IM SOORRRYYYY," he gasped as his cock erupted inside of
her.
"OH NO OH BABBIIEEE I CUMMMIIIINNNN TOOOOOO," she muttered as another
pleasure evoking orgasm tore through her body.
Although their orgasms were not of the intensity of the other, both of
them immediately collapsed without even bothering to uncouple their
bodies.  They simply rolled over and slept connected by their engorged
sexual organs. 

Another pause...will the story continue?  Only the Baron knows...But
then no one cares anyway.....:(

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
