                            OPEN MARRIAGE
                        "Visit Now the Fire"
                              By ELLEN
 
         People who move to Florida learn to expect visitors from 

    the  north.  Early this summer,  friends whom Bill and I  had 
    known  in Long Island visited us for 3 days.  Darryl and Rita 

    are the only couple to whom we confided that Bill and I  have 

    an "open marriage." 
 
         With them was their beautifully blond son,  Brad, who at 

    6'4"  is an inch taller than Bill.  Talented academically and 
    athletically,  Brad was awarded a two-year  community-college 

    basketball scholarship to begin this fall. I learned later he 

    was a rare breed of another type - an 18 year old virgin.
 
         The  day before they were to drive on to Key West on the 
    narrow,  120-mile-long highway above the Atlantic, we boated, 

    waterskiied,  and  swam  in our lake.  After a  late  evening 

    backyard picnic, Darryl and Rita were exhausted, trudging off 
    to bed at 10 p.m. 
 
         Brad  joined  Bill  and me for our  nightly  2-mile  jog 

    through  the  neighborhood.  At the outer edge  of  a  street 

    lamp's yellow glow a few blocks away, Brad told me my elastic 

    headband  was  tearing and about to break;  we stopped  as  I 
  removed it. Bill didn't notice we'd dropped back until he was 

    a block away and waited for us to catch up. 
 
         Brad re-tied the elastic strands.  As he replaced it, he 

    accidentally  brushed  my  cut-off  tee  shirt,  feeling  the 
    softness  of my breasts.  His face reddened beneath the glare 

    of the street lamp as he apologized,  "Sorry,  Ellen," as  he 

    stretched the band around my hair. 

         As  his  fingers brushed my ears longer than  necessary, 
arted across my bare midriff. 
 
         I  smiled  appreciatively,  biting  my lower  lip  as  I 

    realized  how handsome Brad was.  He looked like the type  of 

    young  man that every 12 year old boy would want to  emulate, 
    the  perfect  basketball star for a  movie  studio's  central 

    casting.
 
         We caught up with Bill, Brad running a little behind me, 

    and me behind Bill. 
 
         When  we  returned to the house,  I noticed that  Brad's 
    manhood had swelled,  curving up beneath his running  shorts; 

    His member seemed extraordinarily long, but I assumed this to 

    be an illusion of the loose folds of the shorts. I think Brad 

    saw  me  glance  down at his hardness as I  was  saying  good 
 
 
         We  went  upstairs.  As I walked from the shower  behind 

    Bill to our bedroom,  I noticed Brad had left the door to his 

    room  open;  Darryl and Rita were in the downstairs  bedroom; 

    Brad's room was next to ours.

         In bed, I whispered what I'd observed to Bill. 
 
         He  smiled,  telling  me he'd noticed Brad had  a  semi-

    erection  that afternoon while watching me waterski  or  walk 

    around in my string bikini.  Bill added, "And I'm sure you're 
    right about his length.  I even think Tom's nine inches might 

    be dwarfed by Darryl's and Rita's son. I'd assumed the reason 

    Brad was running behind us was to admire your figure." 
 
         Bill's  a  "watcher" who enjoys watching me engaging  in 
 other men or telling him about the  occasional 

    dates I have with Bill's permission.  Although this had  been 

    Bill's  idea  at  first,  I now  adore  this  arrangement.  I 

    sometimes  feel a bit guilty when I consider that Bill hasn't 
    once been with another woman since our marriage. 
 
         Never  one to miss an opportunity,  Bill rose  from  bed 

    quietly  and  opened our bedroom door.  He returned  to  bed, 

    dialed our own phone number, clicked the receiver-button down 
    and  waited  for the telephone to ring.  Of course,  all  one 

    receives  when  doing this is a telephone  company  recording 

    telling the caller that he's dialed his own number. 
 
         Bill "answered" into the receiver,  then murmured a  few 

    business-like  remarks,  concluding with,  "Sure,  I can come 

    down to the warehouse." Hanging up, he explained with a wink, 

    "My employees found some inventory problems.  The comptroller 

    says  I should be at warehouse-supply while they  finish  up. 
    I'll  call  you on our bedroom line before I come home  at  7 

    tomorrow  morning  to make sure I don't wake everyone  else." 

    Bill was perfect. Brad heard every word.
 
         Bill  drove a block away,  parked the car,  quietly  re-

    entered  the  house through the back door,  and  climbed  the 

    stairs  with the grace of a cat to our room.  Whispering  his 

    plan,  he  positioned himself behind the door to our  walk-in 

    closet. 
 
         As  he  suggested,  I let my nightgown puddle  onto  the 
pulled  my transparent white negligee over my  nudity 

    and  walked  slowly  past Brad's open door  to  the  bath.  I 

    brushed my teeth,  clanked around a few bottles to make  sure 

    Brad heard, then walked back down the hallway. 

         When I was in front of Brad's door, I turned casually to 

    the window, my back to Brad, to look out over the lake beyond 

    our large oak tree.  I glimpsed the window's glass reflection 

    of  Brad sitting up,  watching me from his bed,  and hoped he 
    would find some reason to join me in the hallway. 
 
         I  waited less than a minute.  Brad would later tell  me 

    that  he  was burning with passion as lay naked on  his  bed, 
    staring through his door, his long, erect manhood pushing his 

    sheets a foot toward the ceiling.
 
         I  untied  the  ribbons at the neck  of  my  transparent 

    negligee,  allowing it to fall open.  The warm wind shuddered 

    the  leaves  of the old oak tree beyond the window.  I  heard 
    Brad's bed squeak, then a shuffle. 
 
         He padded into the moonlit hallway,  a large, bright red 

    towel wrapped around his hips.  Pretending he didn't know I'd 

    been standing there,  he apologized, "Oh, sorry, Ellen. I was 
    just  going  to the bath." His engorged  member  was  curving 

    upward,  pushing  the  crimson  towel  out  an  unbelieveable 

    length, straight toward me!
 
         I turned, nervously, revealing my frontal nudity through 
n sheerness of the negligee. 
 
         Brad  stared  down,  whispering as his eyes surveyed  my 

    body, "What time is it?" His sexual tension was palpable.
 
         I whispered softly,  "11:30. Beautiful view of the water 
    from here isn't it?" My throat pulsated; I gulped, staring at 

    the form of his large penis protruding beneath the towel. 
 

    "Yes, everything's beautiful here." 
 
         We whispered small talk,  each pretending not to  notice 

    the  other's  nudity,  yet  fearfully aware  of  the  other's 
    forbidden excitation.  I placed my hand on his warm, muscular 

    shoulder  as  we  looked out the  window.  Finally,  his  arm 

    slithered  softly around my waist,  beneath  my  negligee.  I 
    exhaled,  gasping  at  the electricity as his warm  nakedness 

    touched mine. 
 
         And  there  we stood,  talking in low voices  about  the 

    moonlit scene,  each knowing we shouldn't while pretending we 

    weren't.  Tremors rippled through our bodies.  I stretched my 
    arms along my side.  I yawned, my fingers brushing his towel-

    covered manhood.  The towel bounced wildly!   Until then, I'd 

    tried  to  convince  myself that his  apparent  size  was  an 

    illusion. Now I gasped in fear! 

         I murmured,  my voice quaking,  "Sweet dreams, Brad. I'm 

    going  to  bed." My throat was choked with desire.  I  kissed 

    him,  motherly-like, on a cheek, my bared breast brushing the 

    smoothness  of  his shoulder.  I was breathless as  I  walked 
 bedroom, my knees trembling. 
 
         He entered the bath,  ran a couple of minutes of  water, 

    and  padded  softly  back toward his room.  He could  see  me 

    laying on my side, nude, at the hallway's end through my open 
    door. 
 
         Brad  lingered in the hall until deciding I was  asleep. 

    He  walked  to my door.   Removing the  flame-red  towel,  he 

    draped  it  over a shoulder.  He swallowed  nervously  as  he 

    surveyed my curves.  His chest was heaving with fear of being 
    caught and boyish excitement.  His incredible hardness curved 

    upward,  bobbing  in  excitation.  I'm sure he felt  cleverly 

    successful,  sneaking  this sight of my nudity as  he  leaned 

    against the door. 

         I  don't often think about my looks,  but I'm aware that 

    my  face  and  body are what  others  consider  beautiful.  I 

    realized the effect this was having on this incredibly  naive 

    boy.  Shuddering,  I gazed through half-closed eyelids at his 
    wide shoulders and the lengthy cock curving up from his thick 

    patch of blond hair.  As if tossing in my sleep,  I stretched 

    out my right leg,  pushing my left knee toward him. I bent my 

    left  arm  along  my side to allow him the full  view  of  my 
    breasts and shaved mound. 
 
         His jaw sagged.  His eyes widened. He gazed upon my body 

    shadowed  in  stripes by the moonlight spilling  through  the 

    venetian  blinds.  His  cock twitched.  He pressed his  hands 
the doorjam as if he were about to faint. 
 
         I  rolled to my back and whispered,  my  voice  shaking, 

    "Come IN, Brad." 
 
         He  was  flustered at being discovered  until  realizing 

    that  my  own passions throbbed with the erotic intensity  of 
    his own.  He walked in softly,  closing and locking the door. 

    He sat alongside me, asking, "You don't mind?"
 
         Did I MIND!  ME? In the unquenchable flames of throbbing 

    passion?  Oh, sure, I did. My body was beyond control, hell's 
    fire  coursing  through my veins.  I  remembered  a  fleeting 

    memory  of my grandmother telling me when I was a young girl, 

    how our family's gray-eyed ancestors were once believed to be 

    witches;  I  knew  that I could never  be  a  witch;  witches 
    purportedly  could control the supernatural.  I couldn't even 

    control my exploding desire!
 
         My full lips quivered as I looked upon the largest  cock 

    I'd ever seen,  curving up like a Turkish sceptre from Brad's 
    absolutely  perfect body.  How could a woman MIND if  offered 

    the  opportunity  to worship at the serpentine alter of  this 

    perfect temple for adultery, the greatest of all pleasures! 
 
         Radiating  with  passion,  I moaned,  reaching  for  the 
    magnificent instrument bobbing before me. 
 
         My  fingers  didn't meet as my hand  curved  around  its 

    rubbery  thickness.  My face burned madly as I gazed upon the 

    incredible manhood I was squeezing. 
  body  was now ablaze!  I was wide-eyed in  fear  and 

    passion.   With  trembling  hands,  I stroked  his  monstrous 

    hardness. My quivering lips parted as he leaned to kiss me. 
 
         He murmured,  a tremor in his tight voice,  "I've  never 
    been   with  a  woman,   and  you're  so  beautiful,"  as  if 

    apologizing for his shaking,  as evident as my own  white-hot 

    passion. 
 
         I  glanced to the closet door Bill had left ajar.  I was 

    unable to see my husband,  but I knew he would now be feeling 
    my own mad desire,  pumping his hardened cock in the closet's 

    darkness. 
 
         I  closed  my  eyes,   relishing  Brad's  gentle   hands 

    exploring  the soft curves of my body.  My nipples tingled as 
   his lips closed around a hard,  reddened  spike.  Impassioned 

    fear  churned  within my stomach.  I gasped as  his  slippery 

    tongue twisted and winded its way to my shaved mound. 
 
         Thrusting  my  hips to his face,  I grinded my  softness 
    against his mouth, my heart pounding a wanton drumbeat as his 

    tongue  twirled  over my clitoris.  I wailed at  the  thrills 

    rippling through me like an electric current coursing  across 

    a  thunder-laden sky.  Tears of joy streaked along my cheeks. 
    Clasping my thighs around his ears,  I dug my heels into  his 

    back as fiery explosions blossomed within. 
 
         I pulled him above me until his knees were straddling my 

    breasts.  He  braced his arms against the headboard above me. 
 his rubbery monster in my mouth.  My head bobbed 

    as my tongue glided along its length. Now, beyond lust, I was 

    WORSHIPING  this  broad,  purplish  cock  thrusting  down  my 

    throat. 
 
         His hips hammered his instrument into my mouth until  my 
    passion  was unbearable.  The bulging veins throbbed  against 

    the walls of my mouth.
         
         My voice muffled by his broad sword,  I pleaded, "Mphhh! 

    Please,  Brad,  I  WANT  you!"  He pressed my back  into  the 
    rustling warm folds of soft sheets.  My full breasts  rippled 

    beneath his touch.
 
         Red  coals  of passion smoldered in my vagina.  My  hips 

    gyrated  expectantly.   My  long  legs  now  opened,  eagerly 

    inviting  the curving cock that was floating toward the  lips 

    of  my vagina.  But realizing the length and breadth  of  his 

    manhood, I was whimpering with fright as it slowly invaded my 

    cuntal folds. 
 
         I cried! He was splitting me apart! 

         Shocks  rippled  through my groin as he pressed  on,  my 

    vaginal walls expanding incredibly.  Yet I'd rather have died 

    than  have  him stop now;  I was loving every  inch  of  this 

    massive locomotive slowly puffing into my smoking tunnel. 

         Brad  was  clearly aware of the difficulty,  although  I 

    sobbed as much in pleasure as pain.  Finally,  he was as  far 

    into  my  gushing depths as he could push.  His  manhood  was 

    throbbing  as he moved with me,  ever slowly until I  wailed. 
was riding me with a fury!
 
         I whimpered,  "It so WONDERFUL!" My cunt was now burning 

    in our forbidden fires,  my pain disappearing,  supplanted by 

    pleasure.  My  long  legs,  toned  by months of  running  and 
    swimming,  enveloped his smooth torso as my cunt rose to meet 

    his  steaming thrusts.  My depths had never been  so  filled! 

    Tears  streaked across my cheeks like rivulets of rain on the 

    windshield  of a speeding car.  My ankles locked  around  his 
    strong back. My blinding passion mounted ever higher. 
 
         In  the stunning thrills of fucking Brad,  I'd forgotten 

    Bill;  but as I thrashed my head side to side,  I glimpsed my 

    husband's  nude  form step from the closet  to  watch  Brad's 
    magnificent  weapon  invading  my quivering  cunt.  Bill  was 

    transfixed  by the awesome display of erotic  abandon.  Logic 

    and will abandoned me;  I was far too lost in this passionate 
    hurricane  to acknowledge my husband by smiling at him  as  I 

    normally would while he pumped his engorged cock. 

         Brad's eyes rolled as he plunged into my poised cunt.  I 

    opened  my  mouth widely as if this could expand  my  channel 
    further to accept his final inches. 
 
         As Bill stared,  his jaw sagged. He was pumping his full 

    length  furiously  as  Brad  and I  pulsated  with  an  inner 

    radiance  toward  an impending explosion.  My husband's  eyes 

    told me that his mind and Brad's were now one.
rad's  flames were now united with mine into a  blazing 

    inferno. Our eyes were glazed. We shuddered with each quaking 

    thrust. 
 
         The  awesome  orgasm  was  rushing  toward  us  like  an 
    avalanche!
 
         Sobbing,  I mewed, "Oh! FUCK me! Brad! FUCK me! FUCK ME-

    E-E-E!" My will was immersed beneath raging  tides,  coursing 

    through my body.  I screamed,"Oh,  god HELP me,  Brad! I LOVE 

    you,  Brad!  I  LOVE  YOU!" I loved him,  loved in  adultery. 
    Uniting  in flesh that which was now in our minds and  souls. 

    The onrushing orgasm gathered force like a runaway tornado. I 

    pulled  him tighter with my legs,  lurching my  hips  against 

    his.  He  rammed his tool to the hilt,  crushing my  clitoris 

    against the base. I screamed, "Oh JESUS! I FEEL it! You're in 

    so FAR! I WANT you blasting within me!" 
 
         And then,  oh GOD,  it HAPPENED! In a blinding flash, we 

    were coming in thunderous waves,  bursting in a super-nova of 
    pleasure.  I went wild with joy. His warm fluids burst within 

    me. 
 
         My  mind  was exploding in fiery fragments that  spider-

    legged like a million falling stars across the evening skies.
 
        Brad lay across my breasts in the blissful after-glow of 

    our  adultery,   our  arms entertwined for an eternity  of  a 

    half-minute until I remembered Bill. 
 
         Bill  had  returned to the closet and closed  the  door. 

    Because of my now unquenchable desire,  my husband would have 
ain there until morning.  Brad was mine - ALONE!  - for 

    that incredible night.
 
         Brad  turned  me to my knees,  my hands  braced  on  our 

    headboard. His massive member was entering my vagina from the 
    rear. 
 
         I turned to stare,  awed by his long cock.  Watching the 

    instument pushing deeply into my excitedly-lubricated cunt, I 

    spread  my  knees  ever wider,  as the breadth of  his  penis 

    filled  me.  I  sobbed in pleasure,  my hand tremoring  as  I 
    caressed his length behind me. 
 
         He  slowly  thrust into me until I was  whimpering  with 

    pleasure,  "I LOVE you,  Brad!  I LOVE you!" And then he  was 

    riding me wildly! I was screaming like a helpless victim on a 
    runaway roller coaster, the yolks of my eyes rolling.
 
         I sucked in my breath at the stunning sensations.  As he 

    fucked  into  my depths,  I stared back,  my lips  wide  with 

    wonder.  I  couldn't tear my vision from the magnificent cock 
that was skewering me! We shared a sigh.
 
         His manhood was growing even greater,  expanding in  the 

    oncoming  orgasm like gas in an overfilled baloon.  I gasped! 

    My  clitoris fluttered as if to tell me we were to be  coming 
    together  in  a  mind  shattering  finale!   My  back  arched 

    expectantly as my long nails dug into his hips behind  me.  I 

    could  feel  every  throbbing inch as he plunged  through  my 

    madly enflamed walls.
And then! We were exploding in rapture! Crying with wild 

    abandon,  I shuddered amid the earthquaking climax.  His warm 

    semen burst through my channel,  the creamy fluid splattering 

    my  inner  walls,  washing over his  cock,  erupting  like  a 
    volcano  with no end to its molton flow of lava.  A starburst 

    of pleasure exploded within my body.
 
         He didn't stop there, nor did I want him to! Brad fucked 

    me  voraciously  for  hours  in  every  imaginable  position, 
    becoming  the  first man to outlast my  stamina.  Until  that 

    night, I'd thought that I was insatiable. 
 
         Finally,  in  the  pre-dawn,  I  collapsed  in  complete 

    gratification. 
 
         Brad  sneaked back into his room.  He was  still  asleep 
    when Darryl and Rita awakened at 10 a.m. 
 
         And yet,  the greatest surprise of their visit came just 

    after  breakfast.  Rita and I had walked out to the boathouse 

    for a conversation before they packed to leave.  She  smiled, 
    "Thank you for what you did for Brad last night."
 
         I  was  shocked,  unable to respond until Rita placed  a 

    gentle hand on my arm,  and added,  "No,  I mean it. Brad has 

    been completely engrossed in clubs,  basketball,  and  school 
    for  the past 4 years.  He was an almost perfect  child,  but 

    Darryl and I were worried that he might be impotent,  or even 

    gay.  We  were  hoping,  since you and Bill lead  this  open-

    marriage type life, that this would happen; we'd talked about 
ks before our visit. Darryl and I went up to Brad's 

    room about midnight, saw that he wasn't there, and then heard 

    Brad's moaning from your bedroom."
 
         She  smiled  softly.  "I have to admit that  Darryl  was 
    leaning  against  the  door  for perhaps  fifteen  or  twenty 

    minutes.  We heard you say to Brad that Bill was at the plant 

    until  morning."   She  sighed,  wistfully,  remembering  the 

    moment like it was her own.  "We were absolutely thrilled and 
    became ...  well,  very excited from all the passion  pouring 

    out  of that room.  We went back to our  bedroom,  absolutely 

    floating on air, and fucked the night away!" 
 
         Her  eyes  glinted with sexual excitement as she  leaned 

    forward  and kissed me,  full on the  lips,  saying,  "So,  I 

    really mean it!  THANK YOU!" As an afterthought,  she  added, 

    "And  I'll  be  sure to let Brad visit you alone  during  any 

    school break ... if you WANT him. I won't tell him I know."

         She knew I wanted him.  She KNEW I could still feel  his 

    throbbing manhood deep inside me!
 
         I laughed,  uncontrollably, hugging Rita, feeling closer 

    than  I'd ever felt to her before.  "I would absolutely  love 
    it, Rita! Just as I love you!" 
 
         And  I do love her.  She has phoned to thank me on three 

    occasions  since;  the  only  time she  didn't  mention  this 

    incident  as I've described it was the one time her  son  was 
. 
 
         Believing  his  parents  don't  know,  Brad  insists  on 

    visiting  us at the end of the fall quarter because he "loves 

    waterskiing in Florida." And,  of course, he has his parents' 

    enthusiastic  approval.  Rita says that she and Darryl  often 
    fantasize  about Brad and me while they're in the privacy  of 

    their bedroom. 
 
         The  exquisite sin of adultery,  you  know,  has  after-

    shocks, affecting many lives other than just those who commit 

    it.  For  Bill  and me,  and for those who have  touched  our 
    lives, the results have been immeasurably gratifying. 
 
