Archive-name: 3plus/vixen.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Vixen I, II, III



                                The Vixen

        They call me Josh.  I'm your average guy.  Not overly smart, good
looking or funny.  But I did well at school, had a good group of friends, and
had even been able to have a few nice girl-friends.  At the moment I'm single,
but there are advantages to being available...
        I'd received the invitaion about a week back.  A female friend of mine
was having a barbeque/pool party and was inviting a bunch of friends.  It seems
that some people I knew hadn't been invited, and it seems that when they
enquired, rather bitterly, it was determined that only those who were single
were invited.  This obviosly caused a high degree of speculation, and when I
confronted Terri, the host, she smiled miscieviously.
        "You'll have to wait and see like the rest of my esteemed guests.", she
said coyly.  "Just come along and bring your swim wear."
        Now I guess I should point out that Terri was a very attractive girl.
She was blond and petit, with huge eyes and a slim figure.  But her stunning
feature was her tits.  The virtually unheard-of combination of large and perky.
They  begged to be held, and there wasn't a guy around who hadn't envisioned
doing just that.  It woudn't be so enticicing except that she insisted on both
wearing tight tops and maintaining erect nipples constantly.  Ah well.  She
was supposidly looking for someone, but she was the type who had to approach
you, not the other way around.  And besides, we really were just friends. (yea
whatever).
        "You wouldn't happen to be inviting Sasha , would you?" I asked with
a smile.
        "She's your best bet for attracting single males to a pool-side----
except for you of course."
        She smiled at the obvious flattery, and said,"She'll be there. And so
will I, in my new two piece.  You woudn't want to miss that would you?"
        "Take a guess", I said, walking away.

        **********************************************************

        The party was on a Saturday, from about 11:00 AM till... whenever.
I got there feeling pretty psyched and giddy, knowing that everyone knew the
purpose of this party.  You see, we had heard of a party a few years ago held
by the seniors which ended up being pretty much a fuck-fest, and many heads
had rolled over that one.  It was at a cottage though, so no-one's parents
seemed to be very concerned.  Besides, Terri's family was known to be fairly
strict, and my parents thought the cottage incident was rather humourous.
        What the parents didn't count on was that Terri's parents were long
gone to Burmuda, and wouldn't be back till next weekend.  The day started out
innocently enough, with most girls being a little shy to strip to their suits,
and most guys being obnoxious near the pool.  We were all drinking;  I was
having vodka and lime.  Things seem to be so much prettier, so much happier
when looking through a lens of alcohol.
        Now the interesting part of this story began sometime after dinner,
inside Terri's huge house, in her basement.  It was cool and dark down there,
sort of like a bar atmosphere.  A few people were holding each other and there
was the odd fondle, but for the most part, we were playing pool, listening to
music and talking.
        I found myself talking to a new girl,Barbara, whoaI didn't know very
well.  It turns out that she knows the very woman I desire:Sasha.
        Sasha was perfect.  Lusty.  Sensuous, and disturbingly erotic.  She
could bring a cock to attention with a bat of her eye, a lick of her lips, or a
swing of her ass.  She was tall and dark, with hair that always covered one eye
and fell on one breast, so as to make one want to slide one's head under the
hair and onto her neck.  I'd bitten my lip in desire to many times to mention.
The only problem was she seemed to fixate on some guy and ignore everyone else.
At the moment her sexy hands were empty, but the men of my school were
collectively hoding our breath while she chose her next lucky victim.  We were
holding our cocks too, sometimes longer than we should.
        "So how do you like our town so far", I asked, keeping my eyes locked
in hers, in a weakening attempt to refrain from gazing at the swell in her swim
suit.
        "Well, I still miss some of my friends from home, especially my
EX-boyfriend, who has some slut and doen't even call anymore.  I'm hoping
to meet someone myself, but I usually don't rush things.",  she said, with
a few sighs and bambi looks at me.
        "You'll find someone soon enough", I said, resigning myself to her
delicious tits."I know you will."
        "Say, how well do you know Sasha?" I said,hoping to arouse some
curiosity in her so that she would mention to Sasha that I had asked about her.
        She looked a little sad as she said,"Oh, we've been friends for a long
time since our parents are friends.  I suppose everyone wants to fuck her like
my ex-boyfriend did eh?"
        This caught me off guard of course, but I replied smoothly enough,"Well
lets just say she evokes powerful images."
        "Typical", she replied curtly, and went to get another drink.  I began
the tedious task of approaching Sasha without appearing to do so.  She seemed
to be doing the same, but then again, I'd had a few drinks.  Within a few
minutes, I was standing with my back to hers.  We were both talking to other
people, but I was paying attention only to her.  Slowly I moved until our asses
were just touching... and she seemed not to mind!
        By this time there was only about 8 people in the room, and at that
moment, everyone except us and the two we were talking to left the room.  I was
talking to Terri, and she was talking to Barbara.  We gradually ended up talking
in a group, and I was introduced to my lustful dream.  In a not too inobvious
way, Barbara convinced Terri to leave with her to 'check out the pool scene',
and I was left stammering at this body that begged my hands.
        As soon as they left, her voice dropped to almost a whisper, and she
said,"You are one sexy guy.  I was hoping we'd be left alone at some point
tonight. Prefferably early on in the evening.  I've been watching you and I
have to say you make me want to fall onto a bed and explore."
        Fuck.  What the fuck.  Son of a fuck.  This sexy set of curves was
coming on to me!  More than that, she was demanding me. My cock began to
swell, and I couldn't wait any longer.  I pulled her to me by her slim waist
and pressed my lips against hers, immediatly feeling her wet tongue in my mouth,
her hard tit on my chest and her leg wrap around me.
        I slowly ran a hand up her back, then her side and finally, delicatly,
over her beautiful breast, which was firm with a very hard nipple poking out.
She moaned,"Oh fuck, I gotta get you on me.  Lets find somewhere where we can
lock ourselves away from everyone so I can get that cock of yours all over me."
        This dream was too unreal.  I would probably come-to with my head in
a toilet bowl and puke all over the place.  But hey, those curves felt pretty
real to me.  I decided to let everything unfold the way it wanted to.  It seems
this angel-devil had taken me on as her next conquest, and let me tell you, I
felt like Mt.-fuckin - Everest, in more ways than one.
        She brought me upstairs, witha few glances from our friends.  my buddy
Paul was looking at me like I was a u.f.o..  I gave him a sheepish grin and a
'tough luck' shrug of the shoulders as I was hauled to my sexual utopia.
        She opened a bedroom door and we locked it shut.  She immediatly threw
me on the bed and started grasping at my shorts.  In about 3 seconds she had me
out, and began slowly running her fingers along she shaft and over the head.
        "This is a pretty nice fucker you have here.  I can think of a few
places where it would like to be, but you'll have to pass a few tests first.
what do you say, can you handle the pressure?",she said as she gripped me with
both hands and licked her lips.
        "To tell you the truth, pass or fail I don't lose do I"
        "Well no, but I think our future depends on your performance and
stamina.  'Cause I need a big hard sturdy man who can handle my sudden desires
and lust for cock.  I have yet to be truly satisfied.  I sometimes feel like I
need two.  Guess you just have the one eh?  Pretty thick basterd though.  Lets
see how he does."
        As I watched, she slowly began running her tongue on the tip of it, and
then began to suck it into her mouth.  It seemed to take forever; it took about
thirty seconds just to get the head in.  She looked up at me and began to slowly
move her head up and down, while applying immense suction on me.  Untill this
point her hands were idle, put she soon was gripping the base and stroking.  I
was of course delerious, trying hard to keep things under control, since it was
obvious I needed to hold out to win this girl's body.  She sucked and pulled
and licked and stroked and massaged my balls, all the while staring me in the
eye.
        While keeping her hands busy, she stopped and licked her wet lips and
said,"So, tiger, how are you holding up.  Should I start really working on you
yet?"
        "Holy Fuck Sasha, you are soo good at that!  I've never had a suck like
that before.  Goddamn vixen!."  I then started to get up and roll her over, but
she stopped me and said,"You can go where you want, but your cock stays with me.
I'm not quite finished yet."
        She proceeded to really work my unit over.  I mean she was biting,
squeezing and bending, all the while making soft moans.  She was enjoying this!
Not as much as me though.  I had been on the verge of shooting down her throat
for eons now.  I tried to think of other things, of anything, of many things,
of strong things, of soft things, OF SILKY THINGS, O F  S H O O T I N G
T H I N G S, OF  OH, OHHH, OH FUCK, OH SUCK ALL RIGHT DRINK IT ALL --- THAT...
FEELS....SOOOOO.....GOOD....OH!!!.
        No need to explain what that was.  She was staring at me with cum on her
lips and chin and hands and smiling.  "How'dcha like that, cowboy?  You did ok,
lasted longer than most.  But your hell has just begun."  With that she lay on
her back and wriggled out of her top, quickly taking off her bra and pulling my
head to her huge tit.  My mouth began to suck, my hands began to explore, and
my member began to once again rise to the occasion.  My left hand soon found its
way down to her belly, and I began to slip it under her shorts.  There was no
objection, so I undid them, all the while fodleing this huge breast that felt
like it was made of marble.  Long, supple nipples which were bright red.   Soon
my licking was beginning to take effect.  She was moaning and writhing and
grabbing at me.  She grabbed my hand and thrust it onto her cunt, and locked it
there with her legs.   Of course I was getting really hot again too, so much so
that I sat up and yanked her shorts and panties off and held her arms above her
head.
        "My test may be ongoing, but yours is just begun.  Now you're going to
feel how a woman should feel when a man fucks her right.  When a man uses his
cock on a woman right."   I was turned on beyond beleif.  This moment and the
ones that followed would forever remain with me.  No one forgets his/her first
fantasy fuck or suck.  We were in deep, and I mean deep.



                                The Vixen ,II


        I was poised for entry.  I began massaging her moist cunt with my hand
while she stared at me with a look of desire that spelled F-U-C-K  M-E  N-O-W.
Her hole was just big enough for one finger.  I worked it in and out and made
sure to occasionaly tweak her clit, which invariably caused a groan and a bit-
lip.  I was dying to taste this girl, but my penis was sceaming otherwise.
        I grabbed her perfectly shaped ass and lifted her off the bed a few
inches, and put a pillow under her.  Holding her waist, I slowly began working
my cock into her.  Her hole was clenching, squirming, begging me to enter.  I
slid in so slow and so smoothly, I just about lost it right there.  She kept up
her stare, maintaining contact with my eyes, regardless of what emotions her
face displayed.  Her belly was taught and was udulating, while she licked her
lips.  I slowly began stroking her cunt, feeling her tight walls sqeezing on me.
She was moving her hips slowly up and down in a rythmic motion, and she was
panting and making soft cries.
        "Oh yes fuck me , pump me, do me, harder, move me how you want, make
my cunt serve you, tell me how to be fucked.  Oh yea, right there, deeper"
        " You are so perfect," I said for the twentieth time,"your cunt is so
tight and wet.   I love the way your tits move ever so slightly when I fuck you.
They're so round and big."  I was squeezing one tit in each hand and they were
likeing it alot.
        Now most of the time guys need continuous change in what they see and
feel in order to stay turned on.  In this case, I wanted to change positions not
because I was getting bored, but because if we didn't change positions soon I
was going to pump this girl full of me.  I pulled out of her and said, "  I'm
gonna fuck you from behind now, so turn over, spread your legs, and arch your
back so your sweet ass is sticking out."  She jumped up very quickly, turned
over, pushed her ass up at me, swung her head around and looked at me with bambi
eyes as if to say 'please fuck me as hard as you can'.
         I was savouring every second.  I slowly got ito position, grabbing her
hips, positioning my cock, rubbing her slit with the head, and she was beginning
to moan like she needed something prettty big, pretty hard, pretty fast.  I
slowly pushed my cock into her as she tried pushing back against me to bury me
to the hilt.
        "You just relax vixen, you'll get my cock when I'm good and ready. "
        "Oh come on josh, it feels too good! Give me that giant rod of yours!"
        Ah well.  I love to oblige a beautiful woman.  I leaned over and grabbed
her tits, each one overflowing out of my hand, and really started driving her
cunt.  I thrust HARD into her, pulled out slowly and did it again, to the rythm
of her grunts.  She was arching her back and throwing her hair, pushing her
mound onto my shaft, assuring that we were constanly grinding cock on cunt.  I
felt so hard and so big and so potent.  Within half a minute, I started going
really fast.  Some women find me a little bit too long, but I was able to push
into her all the way without hurting her, and I could definately feel her
cervix.
        "f-UCK me, f-UCK me, f-UUUUCK MEEEE, OHHH FUCKIN RIGHT <OH> <OH> <AAAAA
AAHHHH>--OH OH OH OH-OH-OH-OH YES!!!", she yelled, finally sucumbing to the
orgasm I knew she would.  Just about when she yelled YES!, I grabbed her
shoulders and held her cunt on my codk and began vigorously shooting cum into
her, driving it deep inside her, again, and again, and again.  My cock must have
spasmed 25 times.   Her head had dropped to the bed, but she still arched her
ass up to me, as I squirted her box.
        After the spots in my brain from nearly passing out dissapeared, I lay
down beside her and held her face in my hand.
        "How was that baby, did I pass the test, did I satisfy you?"
        "You passed with flying colours, got the bonus question, and won the
all-expenses-paid trip into my bed for life.  But please don't tell me you're
finished with my lessons.  I so want to teach you some other courses you haven't
dreamed of.  I have night classes, day classes, intercession, and, not to give
too much away, but I've been known to have assistant teachers."
        " I won't even ask, but I'm a good student, am never absent, and I
really enjoy sucking up... and down and all around..."
        "Well lie back and relax tiger, and sink into my world."
        She got up, pulled her top over those delicious tits, pulled her shorts
on and backed out of the door, leaving me naked and satisfied.  I went over to
the door and locked it, and got my clothes on, in case anyone wanted to get in.
What a party, I thought.  I won't beleive this come morning.  Surprisingly, my
cock wasn't feeling all that sore.  I think I was ready for more.  What
transpired next assured me that I was.
        I heard a knocking at the door.  I went to it and said softly," May I
ask who is requesting entry?"  An unknown female voice responded,"  If you let
me in it is you who will be requesting entry."
        I was puzzled.  Surely Vixen would be returning soon.  Maybe this was a
joke.  Maybe there were hords of people at the door waiting to catch me off
guard.  But, since I had my clothes on, I don't think there was much to catch.
I unlocked the door, and opened it while remeining out of sight behind it.  I
heard someone enter, and then the lights whent out.  I began to close the door,
when someone else pushed on it slightly, forcing it to remain fully open with me
behind it.  A few seconds later the door was pulled shut.  Since the lights
were also out in the hall and my eyes weren't adjusted to the dark yet, I
couldn't see a thing.
        A small, soft hand clasped mine, and pulled me over to the bed.  Gently
I was laid down on the bed, and a pair of hands behan taking off my shorts.
I was getting pretty hard pretty fast.  Finally my member was out, and an
unknown female began stroking me with a tight grip, with her other hand on my
balls.
        Suddenly another pair of hands found there way to my stomach
and began pulling off my top.  By this time I was just begining to discern the
outline of these women.  One reached up to my face and it went dark, as she
put some sort of blindfold around my head and tied it.  After some shuffling, I
felt something tickling my nose, and then a wet, warm, luscious cunt was pressed
onto my lips.  I eagerly began kissing and licking, parting the lips with my
tonge, while my hands wandered up to find what other treasures awaited.
Expecting to find, a smooth belly and some tits, I instead found a round, firm
ass, which was slowly moving, smearing this twat on my face.
        The girl at my cock had slowly began using her mouth on me, and now I
found four lips and two tongues on me.  One was slowly evelping the head, while
the other was flicking her tongue along the base.  I licked and sucked away, and
I found that every time I sucked the beautiful clit on my face, the mouth
working the head of my cock sucked harder.    I began vigorously flicking her
clit, and she started bobbing her head up and down faster, sucking, clutching,
biting, moaning, writhing, grinding, and finally cumming, jerking her cunt all
over my face, while holding on to my rod for dear life.  Just as she finished
and pulled off me I began to cum, and the other mouth quickly engulfed my dick
and pushed me deep into her throat, swallowing my cum.
        By this point I was certainly feeling the results of the orgasms I'd had
and began to take off the blindfold.  Someone stopped me, and soon I found
a different, smaller cunt on my face; this time the girl was sitting up and
facing forward, so I reached up and felt her tits.  These definately weren't
Sasha's, buth the certainly qualified the owner to be termed VixenII.  I was
licking away, wodering what the other girl was up to (I assumed it was Sasha),
when she climbed on my hips and began rubbing her cunt on my cock, trying to
get it to stand at attention once again.  Despite my aprehension, he faithfully
rose to the occasion, and soon I was getting rode yet again.  VixenII jumped up
and turned around, and soon I heard kissing and sucking above me.  I now could
definately tell it was sacha riding me, and the exitement of this made me shoot
into her much sooner that I expected.  Luckily for them, they came  around the
same time, and we finally collapsed in a bundle.  I was eager to see the second
girl, so I whipped off the blindfold before anyone could stop me.  If it wasn't
my sexy young host Terri!!  I was dumbfounded!  We had been great friends for
so long, and I had often fucked her in my mind, but I never figured she'd be
game.  Not only was she willing to play, she was a shark.
        She was looking at me sheepishly with a cute, shy smile.  I smiled back
and said, "I thought you'd never cum"  They both laughed, and Sasha said," Well,
class is over for now, I'd like to thank Terri for helping me with the lesson,
and Josh for being such an avid learner."
        "You two are my Vixens, and I will forever be your buck, your fucking
buck."  We all laughed, and got up to get dressed.  "I hope we can reconvene
again soon."
        "We'll have to menage again at my next party", said Terri,"and I hope
everyone cums again."
--

Part III 
                                The Sleepover


        Sacha, Terri and I were (surprisingly) not embarressed after the
surprising events of that fateful weekend.  It was the following thursday, and
although we had talked to one another since then, we hadn't got together since.
We found out that none of us were scheduled to work the next day, and since
Terri's parents were still gone, we decided to have what we called 'Menage-II'
that evening.  I had been very eager to see them again, but one doesn't want to
seem over eager.
        I wanted the evening to go smoothly, so I decided to bring along a few
'aides'.  Sasha and I met on our walk over to Terri's house, and she
immediately eased my fears by making sly sexual connotations, which also served
to cause a stirring in my shorts.  Although Sasha would forever be the most
attractive woman I had ever seen, her sexiness was multiplied by her agressive,
kinky talk and body language.  Even now she was emphasizing her huge tits by
sticking them out, and staring wide-eyed at my ever increasing bulge.
        "Whatcha got in your knap-sac Josh?", she asked.
        "You'll just have to hold your tits and wait, now won't you?", I replied
which caused an abrupt laugh.
        We arrived at Terri's place and rang the bell.  She arrived at the door
looking flushed and exited, not in the least bit nervous.  She was wearing a
tight tank top through which her pointed nipples made it very obvious she wasn't
wearing anything underneath, and shorts which barely covered her heart shaped
ass.
        "Hey guys!  Come on in.  I just pulled dinner out of the oven, so wash
up and set yourselves down in front of the t.v."  At the sight of my obvious
erection, she smiled and said,"I hope you two haven't gone and had desert
without me!"
        We went in and got ready for dinner and soon enough Terri brought out
a delicious meal of barbeque steak and baby carrots and garden salad.  It looked
so good, I almost forgot why I was there. Almost.  We chatted easily over dinner
and although I'm sure we were all horny as hell, we were all experienced enough
to know that waiting would make things all the more exciting.
        Terri then asked what we would like for dessert.  I obviously took this
as a signal to get it on, but Sasha simply asked for some ice-cream, so I
simply said I'd have the same.  While she was out there, Sasha casually got up
and walked over to Terri's T.V. and opened a box that was sitting beside it. She
pulled out what appeared to be a VCR camera, looked at me and smiled.  She put
the box back in it's place, and looked around.
        "I want to set this up without Terri knowing, so we can watch it later.
She proped up the mini-tripod on a table just around the corner in the living
room, and piled some books up to hide it.  Unless Terri actually stared right at
the lens or walked into the living room, I doubted she would see it.  Sasha set
ti to record over some tape that said 'blank' on the outside, and sat down just
before Terri returned with our desserts.
        While we ate our ice-cream, Terri went and got some glasses and some
wine, and poured us each a glass.  "Wholly shit Ter", I said,"you really are the
heavenly hostess eh?"
        "My hospitality has just begun, I assure you." she said with complete
sincerity."You haven't even sampled my wares yet; nor I yours."
        "Well I suppose I'll need to see them first, now won't I?"
        "What would you like to see young man?  I have some melons, one peach,
but no cherries, I'm afraid"
        "Actually, I have something to show you first, something which will
ripen your peach, I hope."
        The both laughed at the extreme to which we had carried the analogy.  I
opened my knapsack and pulled out a VCR tape, and put it in.
        "This is the best sex scene I have ever seen, and I just thought you
both would like to get comfortable by watching it."  We cuddled up together on
the huge couch, with me in the middle.  Sasha placed her lovely hand on my
crotch and said," I just want to monitor your reaction, if you don't mind."
        "Not at all, be my guest."
        Terri took off her shorts, explaining that they really weren't all that
comfortable, and theat she would rather like to feel the soft plush couch on her
ass, as was easy in the thong-like panties she was wearing.  Her ass was so firm
and taut; instantly images of licking and nibbling and kneading it flooded my
mind.
        "Thats's one sweet ass you have there young lady."
        "Well you'll just have to give it a kiss now won't you."  Whe turned
around and with hands on knees she stuck her cheeks out to my face, waiting for
gme to plant my lips on them.  I had no problem obliging, and Sasha's hand began
to slowl squeeze my bulge.
        "Come now ladies, we really must watch this, I know you'll enjoy it
immensly.
        I made them watch the film, which was a mild porn, which did not attempt
to pretend that it had a plot.  There were two girls and one guy (naturally)
and the movie opened with the three of them walking on a suburban street,
with a hint of things to come in their eyes.  Soon they were in the man's
apartment, and the two girls, with no sign of corny seductiveness or boldness
casually began to take his clothes off, as if this had happened many times.
        "Ok,Terri, you are to copy the actions of Teresa, and Sasha, you do
exactly what Sarah does.  I want you to keep one eye on the movie, and the other
on us."  The girls smiled and laughed, obviously right into the idea.  They
rather quickly took my clothes off, and positioned themselves as the girls in
the movie had.  I was sitting on the couch, Terri was lying on it with her head
above my cock, and Sasha was kneeling in front of me. Teresa was slowly fondling
'steve', so Terri began stroking me, and slowly rotating her ass in a grinding
circle on the couch.  Sarah was taking the head of steve's cock in her mouth,
while playing with his balls.  Sasha had a dream-like stare in her eyes,
obviously turned on.  She cupped my balls and timed the slow bobbing of her head
to Terris strokes.  I had always dreamed of two women working my cock over, both
intent on making me cum.  I was starting to moan, running one hand through each
girl's hair.  PUSHing down in Sasha's head, lifting my ass off the couch when
whe pulled up.  Terri was getting pretty worked up, and was slowly rubbing her
hard nipples,  She was wetting her free hand on my pre-cum and Sasha's saliva,
and running a slow finger around her breast and over her tips.  I was definately
losing control already, but I knew what was to come and the actors in the movie
sure didn't cum this soon.
        Sasha suddenly stopped, her head turned and watched the screen in
fascination.  Sarah was masterbating with her ass lifted off the floor, and
was sliding fingers in and out in a frantic, rubbing motion.  I quickly told
her that she could skip that part, because I knew she soon stopped, but as she
watched,  she began to touch herself through her shorts, and holding one tit
in her hand.  She looked at us kind of helplessly, biting her lower lip.
        "Oh fuck guys, I'm really horny, I'm burning inside, I have to touch
myself."
        I didn't think it would been to nice of me to react badly in any way,
so I said, of course, baby, do what feels right.  We resumed our watching, but
they had already switched positions again.  Sarah was on her knees still, but
facing the other way.  Teresa was standing on the couch, bent over and kissing
Steve.  We quickly followed suit, and since i couldn't see but knew what
happened, I began the ultimate is sexual satisfaction.
        I began to slowly rub the head of my cock on Sasha's cunt, careful to
not let her push back onto me.  She was maoning now, (having taken off her
clothes) and was trying to force my cock into her wet and hot hole.  Meanwhile,
terri had taken off her top, and was holding her firm tit while putting the
nipple to my mouth.  She had straddled my lap, and I was grabbing her ass and
sucking her beautiful tits.  But the real excitement for me was the prospect of
once again fucking my dream Sasha, the vixen.  I was still rubbing my cock head
over her lips and clit, allowing myself to push slightly into the yeilding
hole only enough to engulf the head.  It was begging my shaft, pulling at it,
inviting it into its depths.  I had thoughts  of my manhood buried to the hilt,
but I forced myself to wait, knowing that I had to last as long as my porno
double.  Terri was getting quite worked up, pouting because she wasnt getting
teased like Sasha.
        "Oh Josh, please fuck me.  Come on, I need to feel your cock.  Oh fuck
you gotta put it in me, I need to have you slide  your big fucker in me oh come
on please oh please..."
        "Josh, you only have one cock, what am I supposed to do?  I need some
too you know."
        "Well ladies, just watch the film, and you'll see that eveyone gets
more than enough.  "
        Niether of them had been watching, because Sarah was now hanging on for
dear life and Terri was getting it in her own way.  Before they could look, I
started doing what the actors were.  I finally let loose on Sasha, thrusting
deeply into her, just as she was pushing back, both of us catching our breaths,
and me feeling like I was sliding my cock into a wet hot cave.  She graoned
loadly, and threw her head back, arching her back and clamping her inner
muscles.  At the same time, Ipulled Terri up by her ass and dove my face into
her slit, going right for the clit, sucking it in like a nipple.  She too let
out a suprised 'oh!' and grabbed my head to keep fom falling backwards.
        I quickly lapped Terri, since I knew what was to come, while Sasha went
to work on her newly aquired prize.I had my head thrown back so Terri could
almost sit on my face, but within half a minute I guided her body down so her
face was again in front of mine, and tried to kiss her, since I loved it when
women kissed their own cum.  She sucked at my face as well as I had sucked her
clit, so I felt it was time to show her my ultimate fantasy.
        I pulled out of Vixen, and only pointed to the T.V. when she whipped
her head around in frantic disbelief.  The actors were in yet another sexual
menage, but this time the women were beginning to show interest in each other.
I was watching my two sexmates for their reaction.  Sasha slowly tuned to Terri,
and had a haunting, desperate look in her eyes.
        "Terri, please, ... oh please."
        On  the screen, Steve was in ecstacy.  He was kneeling on the floor now,
still dealing with Sarah cunt from behind, but now Teresa was on her back, in
69 position with Sarah, and the two girls were franticly licking each other,
while Steve still worked his meat in and out of Sara.  We only needed Terri to
go along with it.  I was so horny I was afraid of spurting cum all over her
living room.  Sasha's bisexual tendencies was exciting and made me want her even
more, if that was possible.
        Terri slowly looked to me, then Sasha, and then
moved over to Sasha and delicately placed a kiss on her lips.  They broke
apart, and Sasha had tears forming as she said,"I love you Terri, I always
have."  She brought her lips to her new lover and offered them slightly open,
to which Terri, parted hers and began one of the longest, deepest, most
passionate kisses I have ever seen.  When the came away, they both looked at me
and Sasha said, "You, Sir, are going to be thanked from the bottom of my heart,
 and the depths of my love.  She got back on her hands and knees ever so slowly,
watching me all the time, biting her lower lip, pushing her ass into the air,
her glistening love open to me like a flower, waiting for its depths to be
discovered.  Terri crawled under her, and began to run her hands along our
vixen's thighs, savouring the thought of tasting her.
        The next few minutes pased as if in slow motion, and I felt drugged,
like we were the actors.  The two girls began touching, kissing and licking each
other in ways that women only could know, a flick here, a nibble there, a tug
right there.  I bent over vixen , holding her shoulders, and oh so deliciously
slid back in to her love, her depths, her centre.  I began rythmicly stroking
her, pulling her too me with her shoulders, pulling out slowly and re-entering
quickly. It had turned from sex to love.  Maybe not the love of a couple
(or threesome) married for 50 years, but love nonetheless.
        I had began franticly thrusting, pulling her onto me untill I could feel
the centre, feel her core.  She was panting now, small sounds were escaping, as
she moved with me.
        "Oh God, you feel so big, so huge, so thick, you are filling me up.
Fuck me harder, I love you too, fuck me, fuck me ohhhhh..."
        Terri also paused her licking long enough to gasp "God I need to
feel you both in every way.  Please keep doing that Sash, please suck my clit
harder."  I was in heaven,  I fucked like never before. Terri was milking my
balls with her free hand.  Sasha was grunting now, yeilding herself to me
completely.  She widened her legs, openeng her cunt to me, and thrust back hard
with each stroke.
        Oh yes, FUck me now, UM......UM.....UH...UH..UH..UH ohgod, ahhhhh
I'm going to come, I'm going to lose it here...it... comes OOOOH! OOOH! FUUUCK
FUCK FUUUU.....".  She really did lose it.  Writhing, Flailing, Screaming,...
but I  was still on the verge.  I had been concentrating on not cumming so
hard, I had held off till now,  but  just as Sasha finished her convulsions,I
began mine.  Since she pulled off me in utter exhaustion, I began shooting
cum onto Terris face and tits, much to her delight, because she too was in
the thes of a powerful orgasm.  She reached up to my cock and pulled it
down io her mouth, to catch as much as  she could, while she stroked her
cunt through the final shudderings.
        The video forgotten, we collapsed in a heap of sweat and sex, whispering
endearments and brushing kisses.  The breadth of this relationship, though
shunned by many, was astonishing.  A bond which needed approval only from those
bound by it.

--
