"Neighborhood Voyeurism" by Craver

     Our house is set on a large, two acre secluded lot in a
very affluent Atlanta suburb.  For a couple of years, the house
next to us was vacant, so even though our bedroom windows
face the master bedroom windows of that home since it was
empty we never bothered closing our drapes.  When a family
finally moved into the house a while ago, basically out of
laziness we simply continued to ignore closing the drapes.  If
our new neighbors wanted to see us, we'd let them.  They are
a much younger couple than Jan and I, although no better
looking.  Suzy, the new wife next door, is in her late twenties,
or perhaps early thirties, and Jason, her husband, is around
the same age.  Jason is rather thin, while Suzy is just the
opposite.  She's 5' 5" tall, perhaps, and somewhat
Rubenesque, with exceedingly large breasts, something I've
always admired.  While her features are not particularly
noteworthy, her eyes are quite sensual.
     Suzy also seems to be extremely bashful.  The few
times we've been together at neighborhood parties, she seems
to blush every time I speak with her, always trying to avoid
looking directly at me, preferring to stare at her feet or
somewhere other than at me.  Her behavior, quite frankly,
doesn't match her attire, since she seems to dress rather
seductively, often wearing blouses that highlight her large
breasts.  Jason seems rather subdued socially, but seems quite
proud of the way Suzy seems to flaunt herself, as though he
likes showing her off.  On one occasion I saw him whisper
something to her.  Suzy blushed, then slowly responded by
casually unbuttoning two buttons on her blouse, revealing
even more flesh than had already been on display.  Jason
smiled at her, and they exchanged a quick kiss.  I found their
behavior quite intriguing, and suspected something quite
exciting might be lurking beneath their bashful demeanors. 
When Suzy stares at me she always seems slightly seductive in
an odd sort of way, as though she wants to share a secret with
me but is too shy to discuss it.  Very fascinating.
     Jan and I have a rather robust sex life, and we also
have no objection to either of us masturbating when the need
arises.  Masturbation is something both of us have always
enjoyed immensely, especially when watching adult films on
our VCR or one of the adult cable channels.  In fact, most
evenings after dinner I usually retire to our upstairs bedroom
by myself, while Jan generally likes to remain downstairs,
reading, listening to music, or watching the kind of programs
she prefers.  On these evenings I usually watch sports, or
masturbate while watching an adult video.  I don't bother to
close the drapes, since the only light in the room comes from
the TV, and it's quite dim.  I sometimes wondered if our
neighbors could see me, but based on where our bed is
located and the poor lighting I assumed they couldn't.  It
seems I was wrong, as Suzy finally managed to tell me
recently.
     We were at a neighborhood Super Bowl party, and
after several drinks and the excitement of the game, none of
us were feeling any pain.  We all live close enough to walk
home, so I suppose we had all consumed slightly more than
we would have if we were driving.  
     After a visit to the upstairs bathroom I encountered
Suzy in the hallway.  We were alone, and again she looked at
me with that mischievous smile.  After working hard to gather
up her courage, she finally took a deep breath and revealed
the reason for her coy behavior.
     "I can see you at night.  Did you know that?" she said,
her face flushed, seemingly excited.
     "See me?" I repeated, not quite sure what she meant.
     "Yes.  In your bedroom," she said, her large breasts
rising and falling more than normal.
     "I'm not sure what you mean," I said, knowing full well
what she meant.  "Want to tell me more?" I teased.
     She paused a moment, finally looking directly into my
eyes, and said, "I watch you playing with yourself."
     For an instant I felt mildly embarrassed, but I also
experienced a feeling of excitement.  My cock seemed to
tingle with a very pleasant sensation, and wondering where
this conversation was going, I decided to find out.
     "Is it too dark, or can you see my cock too?" I asked.  
     "I can see it perfectly," Suzy replied, then sheepishly
revealed she used binoculars to spy on me.  "You're so much
bigger than Jason," she whispered, moving close to me in the
darkened hallway.
     I felt an erection growing, and with my senses
somewhat dulled by the four or so Scotches I'd consumed,
without thinking I kissed her, running my hands down over
her full breasts, squeezing them, fondling her.  She made a
little mewing sound, and pressed her body into mine, rubbing
her crotch against my now very erect cock.
     "Hmm," she sighed, reaching down to touch me.  "I've
wanted to do this for so long."
     Timing is everything, and unfortunately we heard
someone coming, so we parted and pretended to make small
talk as we went downstairs together.  I asked if she'd like me
to call her, and she said she would.
     After we returned home from the party, in bed that
night I told Jan about my conversation with Suzy, revealing
how Suzy liked spying on me while I masturbated..  Jan said it
sounded like Suzy was hot for me, and I told her I suspected
Suzy was hot for anybody who would pay her some attention.
     "Would you like to fuck her, baby?" Jan asked.  We'd
often discussed the possibilities of having sex with other
people, and I told her if I was going to screw around with
another woman it probably wouldn't be with Suzy.
     "She might surprise you, darling," Jan said, smiling. 
"Women like that are often more proficient than the snooty
starlet types who expect men to worship them solely on their
looks alone.  An appreciative woman can be very exciting."
     I asked Jan if she would mind if I fucked Suzy, and she
told me that on the contrary, she felt it would be very exciting
to have me do just that, and then come home and tell her all
about it.  Or better yet, let her watch us, adding that that was
something she'd really enjoy, especially if she could also
participate.
     "Would you want Jason?" I asked, and she said it might
be fun.
     "Without sounding conceited, darling, Jason and Suzy
would probably both feel they'd gotten the best of the deal,
and would therefore be the most willing to please us.  It might
be fun to make them do outrageously nasty things for us, don't
you think?"
     I said I'd call Suzy sometime and see where the
conversation went.  The next night, when I knew Jason was on
an out-of-town business trip, I told Jan I was going to go
upstairs and call Suzy.  I asked Jan to come join me in a
while, and we'd see what transpired.
     Upstairs, I drew the front drapes, and turned on the
overhead lights in the headboard of our bed.  I put on a
favorite adult film, undressed, got in bed, and began
masturbating.  When I was fully excited, I called Suzy.  She
answered on the second ring, sounding out-of-breath.
     "Hello."
     "Hi.  Are you watching me?" I asked.
     "Yes!" she hissed, sounding excited.
     I asked her if she could see me and Suzy said she was
watching me as we spoke.  I asked her if she could see my
cock, and she said she could.  I told her to close the drapes to
the street, and to turn on her bedroom lights, then come back
and I'd tell what to do next.  She paused before responding,
and I could hear her breathing heavily.  Then she  asked me
to wait a moment while she did as I requested.  While she was
gone I pushed the speakerphone button on our telephone, and
took out a pair of small binoculars of our own, focusing them
on Suzy's bedroom.  Her lights came on, and she returned to
the window, cordless phone in hand.
     "Now what?" she asked, breathless.  I told her to stand
under the light where I could see her and she did.  "Undress
for me," I commanded, my cock twitching, fully erect and
very excited.
     "Oh no," she sighed.  "You don't want to see me
naked."
     "But I do, Suzy.  I want to see those beautiful breasts of
yours, and I want to see you play with yourself so we can
come together."
     I heard her gasp, then watched as she sat the phone
down and began disrobing.  When she was completely naked,
she picked up the phone again.
     "Are you still there?" she asked.
     "Turn toward me," I said.  She had been facing away
from me, and now slowly turned to face me.  I saw her naked
body, her large breasts, and her dark thatch of pubic hair.  I
told her to touch breasts, and she did, slowly rubbing her
nipples.  Then I told her to finger her cunt.  She gasped, but
obeyed, inserting two fingers inside her dark opening.  Her
legs seemed to buckle, and she made a little mewing sound. 
As I watched, I continued sliding my fingers back and forth
over my hard cock.
     "Now isn't this fun?" I asked, grinning proudly.
     "Yes," she hissed.  I asked her to tell me what she'd
want me to do if we were in the same room.  She hesitated for
a few seconds, then began describing in the most vivid terms
exactly what she'd like.
     Suddenly I heard her gasp, and she ran from sight.  I
turned as Jan came up behind me, hugging me, holding my
cock.  
     "Having fun, darling?" she asked, as I heard a dial tone
coming from the speaker.
     "Damn.  She hung up."
     "Call her back.  Tell her I don't mind," Jan said, starting
to disrobe.  "She might like to watch both of us."
     I hit the redial button, and we heard Suzy's timid voice
answer.
     "You hung up," I said, and she explained how mortified
she was when she saw Jan walking into the room behind me,
knowing my wife could see what we were doing.  
     "But Suzy, I don't mind.  Really," Jan explained.
     I told Suzy to look over into our room again and we'd
prove it to her.
     She returned to the window wearing a robe.  "My
God!" we heard her exclaim.  Jan and I were lying on the bed,
both of us naked, with Jan between my legs, sucking me.
     "Wouldn't you like to join us?" I asked.
     "I'd love to watch Luke fucking you, Suzy," Jan said. 
We heard her sharp intake of breath.  "You'd like that,
wouldn't you?  You can see he has a really big cock."
     She stammered for a few moments, as we continued to
try to sell her on the idea.  Then Jan said, "I won't do anything
to you myself... unless you'd like me to.  But if you want me
to, I will.  For now though, Suzy, could you at least take that
fucking robe off?  It isn't fair for you to be able to see us
without our seeing you," Jan continued.  Slowly Suzy dropped
the robe, revealing her naked body again.  
     "Now touch yourself while you watch us, Suzy.  Luke
has a beautiful cock, don't you think?  And it feels soooo good
when he puts it in, right here, like this," Jan said, straddling
me, facing Suzy, then lowering herself down onto my cock,
gasping with pleasure as I filled her warm, wet pussy.
     Over the speakerphone we could heard Suzy's labored
breathing as she began masturbating again.  Jan was moaning,
squeezing her breasts, and I told her I was going to come.
     "Suzy.  Come!  Come with us.  Right... fucking...
NOW!" Jan screamed as I began to erupt inside her.  We
heard Suzy gasping, followed by, "Yes.  Fuck her.  FUCK HER,
LUKE.  FUCK HER, FUCK HER, FUCKKKKKK HERRRRRRRR!" 
Clearly Suzy was coming with us.  Her body was jerking, and
she was bent over, trembling, as her fingers plowed into her
own pussy while I continued spurting my hot, juicy cum
inside my wife's pulsating cunt.  It was a wild scene, and as
Suzy's eery, animalistic growls began to fade, I smiled,
satisfied, relaxed, and eager to move our relationship with our
strange neighbors to yet a higher level of sexual involvement.  
     After Suzy hung up we discussed where we go next
with Suzy, and perhaps Jason as well.  I'm confident whatever
we do will be even more exciting and outrageous than this.  
When it happens, whatever it is, I'll tell you all about it....
