Archive-name: Bondage/voymarty.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Voyeur


   Marty tiptoed through the corridor, not wanting to disturb anyone in the
household.  It was nearly midnight, and he fully expected his roommate, Jenny,
to be asleep.  But, as he rounded the corner, he saw light emitting from under
her door.  Suddenly, he wanted to talk to her, although usually that was a
concept that he really didn't like.  He wished at times that he hadn't answered
the ad for a roommate, particularly when Jenny went off on one of her
egotistical diatribes.  And yet, now he really wanted to talk to her.
   He tapped lightly on her door, but almost inaudibly, being that he didn't
want to attract attention to himself from the other occupants.  He wasn't ready
to start answering questions about why he was so late.  Jenny wasn't answering,
but then again she probably couldn't hear him, either.  Then he remembered how
he could get her attention without the risk of waking anyone else.
   Since his room was adjacent to Jenny's, and there was only one level to the
house, he was able to leave his room via the window, and knock on her window
and noone would hear.  He wwent into his room, put his affairs away, and went
out the window.  Unfortunately, her window was closed, but why would the
shutters be open at midnight?  He was about to knowck on the wooden shutters,
arm raised, when he noticed something.
   There was a small hole in the shutters, and for just a second, he saw Jenny.
 He held his fist in the air as he saw that she was preparing for bed.  Sitting
on the bed, her jeans half pulled off, she was massaging her feet.  She drew
her legs onto the bed, and slid the jeans off.  The hole was too small and the
angle was off, but he could still see enough to know how shapely her legs were.
   Instantly, he felt guilty.  He tiptoed as best as he could back into his
room, and stood there for a second.  He thought about what he had seen, and
then thought that he probably wouldn't get into a situation like this again.
he climbed back out the window, and tiptoed carefully to hers.
   He looked for her on the bed, but she wasn't there.  A little disappointed,
he started to turn to leave, when he saw her standing with her back to him.
She was looking in the closet for something to wear.  As she stood there, he
watched her as her hands absent-mindedly roamed over her body.  Her long
fingernails slid easily underneath the elastic of her panties, and she pulled
the light blue silk material out from between her buttocks.  Her fingers began
to trace around her hips, and as she felt her inner thight, she looked down
from the closet.  Briefly, she put both hands between her legs.
   Then, she reached up and grabbed a sweatshirt.  She turned and walked over
to the bed.  Facing the window, unaware of her voyeur, she took off her shirt.
She traced her fingernails down her neck, and then unclasped her bra.  Her
breasts fell free, and marty was surprised to realize that he was looking at
the body as he had never seen before.  He was even more surprised to find out
that she was perfectly proportioned.  She closed her eyes, and cupped her
breasts in her hands.  Marty could tell she was exciting herself, as her
nipples drew taught.  With one finger on each nipple, she caressed underneath
lightly.  She then opened her eyes, and walked around the bed.
   For one fleeting instant, Marty thought she had seen him, and worried that
she was going to open the shutters and expose him.  Instead, he moved to
another split in the wood, and saw that she was preening herself in the glass,
wearing only the blue panties.  She placed her hands on her flat stomach, and
stood on her tiptoes.  She pivoted on one foot, and faced the glass.
   Marty saw her hands snake down her legs, and then come up between her
thighs.  One hand felt over her breasts, while the other traced down the
elastic of the panties between her torso and her thigh.  Just as it reached
dead center, she turned and walked back to the bed.  She lifted the sweatshirt
she had chosen up over her head, and picked up a pair of shorts.
   A little disappointed that Jenny stopped herself, Marty returned to his
room.  He closed his shutters almost all the way, but leaving them open a
crack.  The heat was on, and his room had the habit of becoming a sauna.
   He went out into the hallway, and knocked on Jenny's door.  She invited him
in, and he entered.  They talked briefly for a while, then Jenny made it clear
she wanted to go to sleep.  Marty left, still thinking about what he had seen.
   He turned on the lamp next to his bed.  It was softer than the main light,
abnd cast dark shadows throughout the room.  The streetlight from outside shone
in a long vertical strip on the wall.
   Marty took off his pants, and pulled off his socks.  He pulled off his
rugby, and stood at the foot of his bed in his briefs.  He pulled them down to
his ankles, and kicked them off.  He stretched, clasping his hands together
over his head.
   "It's cold outside, isn't it?" he asked.  When he got no response, he walked
over to the window, and threw open the shutters, almost knocking over Jenny.
   "Please come in," he said.  "It's kinda cold standing here nude."  Jenny
walked in through the window, stunned.
   "How did you know I was there?" she asked, incredulous.
   "You blocked the light of the streetlamp," Marty said, indicating the light
on the wall.  He turned to face her, his dick saluting in the air.  "Do you
like what you came to see?" he asked.
   She nodded.  He stepped forward, and kissed her.  He pulled off her
sweatshirt, and once more her breasts fell where he could see them.  He cupped
them with his hands, as he had seen her do it.  She pushed down her shorts, and
stepped out of them.  She rested one hand on his ass, and took his stiff prick
in her hand.  She lifted one lef and wrapped it around him.
   He felt his hardness briefly touch her wet center, and he jumped a little.
She rested the head against her soft hole, and moved her hand to his chest.
Still, they kissed.  Her tongue explored his mouth, and his hands supported her
against his body.
   And then a strange thing happened.
   At least, it was strange for Marty; it had never happened before to him.
With one lef lifted and wrapped around Marty, Jenny's opening twisted just
enough to let Marty's head enter a little.  With surprising ease, the bulbous
head slid into Jenny's warmth, and then stopped.  Neither one of them pushed or
pulled, but remained as they were.
   Marty continued to massage Jenny's breasts, which heaved under his gentile
touch. Marty leaned forward, and nibbled on Jenny's ear.  He began kissing her
nbeeck, and Jenny began to feel the strain on her lef.  Soon, she would have to
lead him to the bed, or rather simply fall on it, since it was right behind
him.  Still, there was something she wanted to do.
   With surprising strength, she lifted her leg even more, and caught her ankle
with her opposite hand, effectively entrapping Marty.  By doing so, she felt
Marty's shaft start to slide into her.  This time, she pulled her leg towards
him, pushing him all the way into her up to the hilt.  Just then, she felt her
leg geive.  They fell backwards onto the bed.
   Jenny's leg behind Marty acted as a lever, forcing him into her even more.
The base of his shaft spread her lips wider, and Jenny felt a pleasure/pain
surge through her core.  Marty sat up, and took Jenny's breast in his mouth.
He flicked his tongue along the underside of the nipple.  With each pass of the
tongue, she gasped.  Using her lef as a lever, she lifted herself off of him,
and then pulled herself back down onto his rod.  Lifting herself off again, she
felt the head quiver just at the sensitive entrance to her body.  She tried to
control her body enough to squeeze only the head, but it was too wet.  It kept
sliding either inside of her, or falling just outside of her lips.  And yet,
she could tell that Marty was enjoying it; he fell back on his back, and closed
his eyes with his mouth wide open, gulping air.
   Then, at that point, her lips grabbed ahold of the head.  Jenny groand as
she felt the waves of ecstacy of the hard bar solidly kept within her sensitive
grasp.  If her eyes had been open, she would have seen Marty's eyes nearly fall
out.
   Like a hawk, she swept down on him again, feeling the burning hardness of
the intruder as it slid against her inner walls.  Already, her breathing was
becopmming labored and difficult.  She looked at Marty, and knew that he was
doing his best just to stay conscious.  She smiled as she understood that she
controlled him.
   She pumped him into her several times, until he was pushing into her with an
increasing rythm.  His breathing began to get very loud, and his rod began to
quiver.  All at once, she pulled off of him, hovering precariously.  His prick
wavered in the air, pulsating with each heartbeat.  He looked at her, as if she
were mad..  She simply smiled.  He looked for a way to move, but with her lef
around him, he was hopelessly trapped.
   At that point, she swallowed him again, and then released him.  He clasped
one hand over his eyes, resigned to his torture.  Down, and then quickly back
up again, he was beginning to feel frustrated, as each plunge into her was
leaving him worse off instead of better.
   Once more she swallowed him whole, and then hovered above him.  Quickly,
before she could set her balance, he pushed her onto her back on the bed.
   "Now it's your turn," he said with a malicious grin.  He opened the drawer
to his bedside bureau, and picked out two ties.  Quickly, and forcebly, she
tied her to the bedpost.
   Slowly, he kissed her breasts, then ravaged them.  He sucked gently on her
nipples, then nibbled on them softly.  She began to write and fight her bounds.
Marty put one hand on her thigh, and began caressing the skin, coming ever so
close to her center, but refusing to touch her there.
   Then, he knelt before her, and kissed her inner thigh.  Then he moved to the
other thigh, a little higher up, and kissed there.  He ran his tongue down the
crevace between her inner thigh and her pouting lips.  Still, maddeningly, he
would not kiss her there.  She tried to move her hips so that he would have to
kiss her there, but he wouldn't let her do that.
   Gently, he flicked his tongue through her hair, pulling softly at it with
his teeth.  That way, through the tension caused by the pulling of her hair,
she felt her skin moving.  Unfortunately, it made her worse off than before,
just like her antics made Marty suffer.
   "Please," she whispered.
   "What?" he asked, even though he knew exactly what she had said.
   "Please," she repeated.
   "Please what?" he grinned.
   "Please eat me," she swallowed hard.
   Marty flattened his tongue, and dove into her sex.  As the first wave of
releif flowed over her, Jenny sighed.  Then she began to move her hips in
motion with Marty's tongue.
   Marty curled his tongue around her clit, and flicked the tip rapidly over
it.  The ties strained as she pulled involuntarily at her constraints,
groaning.  Marty began to suck, and alternately flick his tongue over her hole
and clit.  Jenny began thrusting back into Marty's face.
   "Ohh," she cried.  "I think I'm coming."
   Think?  Marty asked to himself.  He quickened his pace, and Jenny thrust
back at his mouth with more and more force.
   "Ohhh," Jenny cried again..  "Marty, fuck me!!"
   Marty crawled up to her, and swiftly entered her.  Indeed, she was already
coming, her muscles squeezing and pulling violently at his rod. He thrust into
her several times, and felt the familiar rush flow from between his legs,
through his shaft, and into her.
   Jenny nearly doubled over, prevented only by her constraints, when the warm
fluid hit her full force.  Slowly, they slowed their rythm, and Marty released
Jenny's bonds before collapsing on her chest.
   He looked up at her, and she smiled back.  Maybe his decision to answer the
ad wasn't so bad after all.
 
--
