                               "Vulcan Honeymoon"
                         A Green Hell, Inc. production
                           Written June to July, 1990
                Public Domain - Unlimited distribution permitted.


     T'Shaul was a young vulcan female of uninspiring appearance. She was a bit
short, even by human standards. Her cheeks were too narrow, her nose too
pointed, and her ears were large. Her body always remained hidden under the
folds of a robe, but there was not much indication that she was of any great
beauty. Vulcans, though, do not judge by appearance only, and T'Shaul was not
ever overtly considered ugly or unattractive. Still, her parents found it
difficult to arrange a marriage when T'Shaul had been a child. And then they
had learned that she did not *wish* to be betrothed. Being somewhat liberal,
her parents conceded to T'Shauls request for no interference on the order of
marriage. There would be other children for Silvak and T'Peruv.
    T'Shaul kept herself unusually isolated for a vulcan, though never from her
family. She emersed herself in studies, and proved very apt in both biology
and ecology. As Vulcan was a planet with a rather small and limited biosphere,
she concentrated her studies on other planets, especially Earth. Its vast range
of environments and sub-ecologies was eternally fascinating for T'Shaul, and
her parents concern for T'Shauls self-imposed isolation was buffeted by the
knowledge that she would be well respected for her chosen field of application.
That she had already passed the age of marriage without any apparent concern or
interest was unusual, but not unheard of.

    It was in a class on Earth human society that T'Shaul met Ethan Cook. He
was a human, actually *from* Earth, who taught the course for the Vulcan
Science Academy. T'Shaul had only met one human before, a friend of her
mothers. Ethan did not match those early impressions at all. He was cool and
reserved, modeling himself a great deal after vulcans. He taught the class
efficiently, and was willing to discuss topics not directly covered, after the
class.
    Over the weeks, T'Shaul found that Ethan was not modeling the behavior of
vulcans at all. One of the human classmates told her that he had known Ethan
when on a colony planet a few years ago, and he had been the same back then.
    "I think he just doesn't like people much," the student said, "he doesn't
associate with anyone very much. Acts kind of snobby, actually."
    "Perhaps he is just shy," T'Shaul suggested in her quiet voice.
    "Yeah, well... I wouldn't be surprised, I doubt he's been able to get any
girlfriends with his looks..." The student immediately looked embarrassed and
hurried off. T'Shaul had easily felt his reaction, though, to her own
appearance. It was a typically shallow emotional reaction for a human. Yet it
somehow disturbed T'Shaul slightly. She had not admitted, even to herself, that
her appearance was part of the reason for her isolation.

    It was towards the end of the course when T'Shaul discovered Ethan in the
desert, crying, one night. She had been frequenting it herself because of the
effectiveness of the sterile environment when meditating. One night she came to
a small outcropping of rock, still radiating heat absorbed from Vulcans brilliant sun, which had set. Her first reaction upon seeing the human, bent up
against the rock and sobbing into his hands, was to leave immediately. It was a
display of emotion distasteful to any vulcan, even from a human. But she
recognized that it was Ethan, and her curiosity overcame the vulcans usual
regard for privacy. That, and something that radiated with his emotions,
something that was familiar.
    When Ethan recognized T'Shaul as a student in his course, he hesitated to
leave. Then, figuring that no vulcan would really care about his personal
troubles, if they even understood them, he ended up inviting her to stay. She
was hesitant but obviously curious. Feeling the need to purge the depression
that was looming in him, Ethan told the quiet T'Shaul about the pain that led
to his sobbing in the desert, alone.
    It was with some amazement that T'Shaul learned that Ethan also had a
self-imposed isolation. In the human society, he had been unable to live with
what was generally viewed as an unattractive visage, as well as a social
clumsiness. Ethan Cook had eventually given up on forming relations with his
own people, especially female. He had been greatly hurt by rejection inflicted
on him by several different callous women.
    T'Shaul found herself listening intently as the young and lonely man droned
on, rating his life lower and lower. She found herself sympathizing so greatly
that before she realized it, she was telling Ethan about her own deeply buried
self-doubts over appearance and a purpose in her life. She didn't notice the
humans eyes growing wider as she described a strange emptiness she had always
felt in her soul. Than she started when his hand touched hers, and found
herself staring into hidden eyes that somehow gleamed without light.

    In a few short weeks, an incredible change came over the two. T'Shaul was
suddenly telling T'Peruv and Silvak all about her Earth society teacher and not
the course itself. And her bearing had altered in some way that made her more
noticeable. Meanwhile, Ethan Cook was amazing students and co-workers alike as
he smiled, chuckled, and even laughed on occasions. The man who had been
considered snobbish and unsociable was now openly friendly. No one could figure
out the reason behind the apparent changes in his behavior. Until he announced
joyously that he and T'Shaul were to marry.
    T'Shauls parents were, for vulcans, overjoyed. They approved strongly of
Ethan, which surprised him. He was delighted to find how much regard they had
for him and his work.
    "You have brought our daughter back for us," T'Shauls father said softly to
Ethan, when they were momentarily alone. "This is appreciated greatly." Ethan
nodded numbly, knowing what an open admission like this cost the old vulcan. "I
thank you," Ethan managed to say, "for having your daughter. She is everything
to me." And while the love for T'Shaul emenating from the Earth man was not
enough to make Silvak react openly, his eyes did shine more brightly.
    At the Bonding ceremony, T'Shaul and Ethan were accompanied by many vulcan
relatives and friends of her family. Ethan was surprised at how many humans
showed up as well, and was slowly learning that more people had cared for him
then he thought.
    When the full marriage Bond was established, Ethan found himself crying
freely and without shame. Standing together, their hands just touching, he and
T'Shaul thanked their guests for their attendance. The love and joy being
radiated caused more then one vulcan to let slip a minor expression of emotion.
Several of the older vulcan even smiled at them openly, though only for a
moment.
    All of their lonelieness and depression were gone, and in the past. T'Shaul
and Ethan had found each other, the Bond thundering in their souls.

                                *    *    *    *

    The couple left Vulcan for what, in quaint human terms, Ethan called a
honeymoon. With the money bestowed upon them as wedding gifts, it was easy to
obtain passage to Net'liree, a lush recreational planet. The planet had an even
climate very much like a warm spring on Earth, which T'Shaul found cool but not
uncomfortable. To Ethan, any drop in tempeture was a relief. Both enjoyed the
lighter gravity, T'Shaul more out of the uniqueness of the experience then the
physical relief that Ethan felt.
    They obtained a modest cabin situated in a large area of land, far removed
from other vacationers. Net'liree was a planet for those that wished privacy
and simple, natural pleasures. The cabin was near the edge of a large lake,
with open fields spread out to one side and a large but not very dense forest
at the other. Most of the native animal life consisted of birds, small mammals
and reptiles, but a number of animals from other planets, including Earth, had
been transplanted to Net'liree. There were even some bears, though they were
very shy.
    The couple spent their time exploring the area. T'Shaul was enraptured by
the assortment of plants. Grasses, bushes, trees, and flowers were everywhere,
and the wind was filled with the scent of growing things and chlorophyll. Ethan
smiled at her wonder of so much greenery. She was also intrigued when he
started swimming in the lake. The experience of total immersion in liquid was
almost totally alien to T'Shaul, who had never left Vulcan. Even baths were
rare, so she did not join Ethan the first several times.
    It was the late afternoon of their third day at the cabin when Ethan was
finally able to convince T'Shaul to let him teach her how to swim. She was
observing the squirrels, feeding them nuts and bits of fruit to win their
trust, when Ethan remarked that for a wife she acted a lot like a student.
    T'Shaul turned her head and watched Ethan "treading water" as he smirked at
her. She knew he was playing one of those incomprehensible human games again.
She had been learning, slowly, what "teasing" was and responded, with usual
vulcan calmness, "In matters of human behavior, I will always be your student."
    Ethan continued to grin and then suddenly splashed a small wave of water
onto her. She blinked and stood up, but knew it was just part of the game. She
was not sure how to respond next though.
    "Well if you're my student, then I think that I should teach you how to
swim," Ethan said, a mock serious expression taking over his face. "Get your
clothes off and come on in."
    T'Shaul continued to stand for a moment, then quickly and efficiently
stripped off her clothing. Ethan had bought them at a shop in town to help keep
her warm. She piled the clothing carefully a ways from the edge of the lake,
then stepped to the edge and slowly slid herself into the water, which was only
about thigh-high at that point. To her it was chilly and made her shiver
slightly.
    Her complete obeyal of Ethans playful command and her nakedness in the
clear daylight had erased Ethans grin. Now he was just gazing at her body.
Married they were, but they had not yet consummated it, the intense joy of the
Bond having eclipsed such mundane thoughts as those of sex. They had not paid
attention to each others nudity when changing clothes, and had spent their
nights only sleeping, sharing dreams. Now Ethan was taking the time to really
look at his wifes body, and she dutifully turned around slowly at the
admiration that came through the Bond.
    "And to think that we terrans *still* have taboos against the naked form,"
Ethan said quietly. He beckoned T'Shaul closer and she walked into the lake to
him, as he swam closer to her. Meeting at a depth where the water lapped around
their chests, Ethan gazed into her eyes and then gently took her hand.
    Ethan tugged T'Shaul out to the deeper water, then let go of her hand. She
knew that her buoyancy was higher then that of the liquid and therefore she
should float, but found herself nearly choking on the cold lake water.
    "Move your legs," Ethan said, a bit of urgency in his voice. He remained
close but didn't touch her. "Kick them back and forth like you were walking
hard." T'Shaul did as he said and her head was pushed above the waterline.
    After he was sure knew how to stay afloat properly, Ethan began to teach
her some basic swimming motions. The mechanics were apparent very quickly, and
soon T'Shaul was propelling herself about the lake, being very careful not to
breath in any water. Ethan laughed and started to swim around her, showing off.
They collided, and he gasped as she went under. Panicking, he grabbed her by
the waist and heaved her body up high into the air. T'Shaul let out a gasping
breath and wiped her wet, black hair from her face.
    <If I ever lost you...> Ethan thought, his heart pounding with fear.
    <You would not let me,> T'Shaul thought, her trust implicit. She was
looking down at Ethan and his arms were trembling with the effort to hold her
up but he didn't lower her as he just keep staring into her eyes and thinking
<I love you so much> over and over as tears mixed with the cool lake water...
    <You are straining yourself!> she exclaimed. She didn't want him to pull a
muscle but he didn't care. She twisted carefully and slid out of his grasp, but
before he could panic again, she swam to the lake edge. He followed and climbed
out before her, to help her.
    "I am fine, my love," she said firmly. Ethan stroked her cheek and his
concern slowly faded. T'Shaul knew the fear he had felt, and did not deny that
she too could not stand the thought of his every dying. It could be examined
calmly and logically, but she did not want to. She only wanted to be with Ethan
and love him, giving herself to him completely. The Bond joined their thoughts
and desires into one.
    Hands clasped, they silently headed for the cabin, T'Shauls clothes left
behind.

    Ethan insisted on lighting a large fire to heat the cabin. T'Shaul
protested that it would make him unnecessarily hot and she could withstand the
cold quite easily.
    "No way," Ethan said. "You forget how much more humans can adapt to varying
enviroments than vulcans. This'll just be like the summer I spent in Israel."
    "It is not logical for you to endure such discomfort. I am more adequately
prepared to deal with --"
    Ethan brushed T'Shauls cheek with the back of his hand, cutting off her
statement. <Darling,> he thought, <you're comfort is all the preparation I
need.> He took her hand and tugged her towards the bed. T'Shaul found herself
laying back automatically, considering another protest, when Ethans lips were
suddenly on her own.
    He hungerily kissed T'Shaul, his hands caressing her shoulders. She smelled
his warm, clean breath puffing from his nostrils, quickening as he grew
excited. Ethan had too rarely been able to fulfill any sexual urges with a
woman and now, long suppressed from habit, they were surging forward. But
somehow Ethan realized that there was something wrong. He couldn't figure it
out at first, and then it suddenly dawned on him.
    "You're still a virgin," he said quietly, breaking the kiss.
    "I am untouched, yes," his wife affirmed. Her eyes were gleaming as they
watched his.
    "I didn't think--stupid of me...His annoyance tweaked the Bond and T'Shaul
touched his forehead. The Bond flared and any conflicts died in its light.
    <I will make this special,> Ethan thought, his concern strong. He didn't
want T'Shauls first sexual experience to be pathetic like his, or painful, or
too short... He wanted it to be perfect. She accepted this and relaxed herself
slowly.
    Ethan was carefully exploring T'Shauls body, caressing and kissing and
occasionally licking. Her neck was as sensitive as a human womans was, for she
informed him of each spots reaction to his attention as he progressed. Her
nipples were small brown disks with little bumps. Her breasts rose and fell
with her breathing. Ethan tentatively licked one of the brown disks and their was
no outward reaction, except for her next breath being much deeper. He had felt
the tingle through the Bond, though, and continued to gently stroke the nipple
with his tongue. After several minutes, he moved onto the other nipple and gave
it an equal treatment. The bumps were swelling to hard points.
    <Oh,> T'Shaul thought, <this is very pleasurable.> Ethan almost smiled at
the classical vulcan observation power applied to such a situation. He stopped
licking the other nipple and kissed T'Shaul softly as he used his fingers to
stroke the hardening nipples. T'Shaul breathed hard into Ethans mouth but she
wasn't making any other sound. The Bond, however, was full of little bits of
physical pleasure coming from her body. Ethan realized that T'Shaul was still
in the habit of controlling any possible emotional outbursts. He pinched her
nipples suddenly and hard and she gasped, but her expression didn't change.
    "You have to let go, darling," he said, concerned. "You can't enjoy it
unless you let go." He could tell she was hesitating. <Let go,> his thoughts
urged.
    Ethan re-applied himself to her nipples, his fingers caressing her skin,
sliding from her shoulders to her rip cage, then around to her back and down
further... T'Shaul gasped again as his fingernails creased along her soft
buttock cheeks and carefully kneaded the flesh. After several minutes he
stopped and raised his mouth up to her lips and kissed her gently as his hands
cupped her breasts. She was responsive, but so restrained and careful! He
decided that to arouse her properly he would have to be more forceful, so his
tongue pushed at T'Shauls lips and pried them apart easily to enter her mouth.
She made a strange little sound at this intrusion and tried to push his tongue
back out with her own, but he kept sliding it around her own.
    <What are you doing?> she demanded in perplexed thoughts.
    <Stop resisting,> he replied, <just relax...>
    Unfortunately, it became all too apparent soon that T'Shaul could not
relax. Her arousal was slow and she was too confused over the human sexual
practices to respond naturally.
    "Augh!" Ethan finally exclaimed, flopping on his side. T'Shaul looked at
him with an apologetic expression in her eyes. They both knew what the problem
was now. A vulcan marriage was normally consummated in the blazing heat of a
vulcan males Ponn-Faar and while, as a human, Ethan didn't have the emotional
restraint and control of a vulcan, a vulcans unleashed emotions are more
powerful then a humans.
     <I am sorry, my love,> T'Shaul thought gently. She clasped his hand with
her own. Ethan knew that it was not an unwillingness, but an inability.
     <Who needs to be sorry?> he thought. <If I could live it with you, I'd
spend my life as a hopeless cripple.>
     <NO!> T'Shaul was shocked at such a thought, shocked and afraid of such a
thing ever happening to him. He quickly eased her fear with promises to never
consider such a thing again.
     The couple pulled closer and entwined their minds, merging themselves with
their minds instead of bodies. Physical desires ignored, but not forgotten,
they slept.

    T'Shaul awoke that morning first, and left the cabin quietly to retrieve
her clothing. She was careful to wrap an extra thick blanket around herself to
shield against what was, to her, a rather cold morning. She found her clothes
damp with the intriguing occurence of dew, never seen on Vulcan. She laid the
clothes out flat on the small pier over the lake, calculating that the sun
would be hot enough to dry them out by noon. Then she sat down to watch the
coming dawn. Ethan was a late sleeper and would not awaken for awhile, and the
dawning of a small yellow sun was very different then that of Vulcans red
giant. She found the difference fascinating.
    The horizon slowly brightened and gained color as time passed. Native birds
cooed and chirped, and a few even gave some half-hearted whistles. T'Shaul had
found that Net'liree birds were rather lazy about music but friendly and
colorful. As the sun rose slowly, its brilliant orange light filled the sky,
coloring the land in streams of photons. T'Shaul noted, with slight surprise,
that she was already feeling warmer. She gazed at the orange disk, which was
now shifting to a more golden hue, her secondary eye-lids protecting herself
from blindness.
    But as the sun continued to climb and the daylight came, she realized it
couldn't be that hot already. Her skin was beginning to itch from the blankets
roughness so she dropped it from her shoulders. Feeling momentarily cooler, she
wondered if perhaps she were catching some native illness, though they had both
received full inoculations. She felt her forehead and was surprised to find it
slightly damp with sweat. Standing up, the blanket sliding down to rest at her
feet, she considered going into the lake. The water looked cool and refreshing,
just what she needed to sate this fire that was overtaking her... Then T'Shaul
gasped in realization, and probed Ethan through the Bond.
    He was apparently still asleep, but he was having an especially intense
erotic dream. She knew he had been strongly aroused last night but had not
obtained release. Now his unfulfilled desires worked their way out during
sleep. With their Bonding, she had learned about these dreams he had at times,
for they had been one of his few outlets during bouts of depression. He had
been ashamed to admit this to T'Shaul, but she found nothing offensive about
it. Their Bond was so strong and so close, though, that Ethans dream was
affecting her even though she was awake and outside. T'Shaul was breathing hard
and pondered what to do, but it was difficult to concentrate. Her skin was
itching fiercly now, prickling all over. Desperately, she picked up the blanket
and headed for the cabin.
    She entered quietly and found Ethan in the bed on his stomach, the sheets
trundled about his feet. The cabin was still hot from the large fire that he
had built last night, now subsided to glowing coals, and it was almost like
being back on Vulcan. T'Shaul could see that Ethan was sweating profusely as he
tossed about in his sleep. She didn't notice that a sheen of sweat was slowly
gathering on her own body.
    T'Shaul hesitated by the bed, trying to figure out how she should wake her
husband, when he rolled over and sighed. She saw that his penis had grown large
and hard, the testicles drawn up to the crotch. T'Shaul had yet to observe her
husbands body closely, and now she couldn't help but gaze at the male hardness,
noting its pattern of small veins under the skin, the dark, curly tufts of hair
growing around its base. The hair thinned to a line that went across Ethans
stomach and to his chest, the curly growth broadening outwards again. Vulcan
men didn't have such hairy chests and she was enthralled by Ethans. She could
see that he didn't have great muscular definition, but his skin was smooth and
a healthy color. His face, unappealing to vainer human women, was full of
character to T'Shaul. Her eyes traveled back down along his body to his legs,
which were thick and strong, and covered with more hair. The legs shifted as
Ethan groaned quietly and T'Shaul twitched in empathy. His passion was surging
and overflowing into the Bond, making her heart beat faster. Her mouth was dry
as she slowly licked her lips automatically. The cabin seemed to be getting
hotter yet she knew intellectually that it wasn't. The burning was coming from
the Bond and Ethans raging erotic dream.
    T'Shaul, standing by the bed, closed her eyes as she carefully and with
some difficulty slipped her mind into Ethans dream. She knew that whatever was
in the dream, it was driving Ethan into a state that beyond that of Ponn-Faar,
and pulling her with it.
    She had to clamp onto her control firmly once in the dream, for it was
intense and burningly erotic. In the dream Ethan and T'Shaul were in the cabin,
but it was strung with glowing red lights and gauzy red curtains. A musky odor
filled the dream cabin. The dream couple were holding each other, caressing
themselves intamently. The dream version of T'Shaul was wanton as a vulcan
woman is not, using human obscenities and sexual phrases to entice the dream
Ethan. Dream-T'Shaul urged him on as he kissed and licked her neck. "Oooh,
you're tongue is so hot." Dream-T'Shaul cooed. "Suck my titties baby, please?"
    "Of course," Dream-Ethan said, and cupped the breasts proffered him. He
sucked intensely at the nipples and Dream-T'Shaul moaned low in her throat. "Oh
yeah, that's it baby. Don't you love my tits? I bet you'd love to fuck them
with that hot cock of yours. Oooh yeah, you're such a good tit-sucker!"
    "I want you to suck me off," Dream-Ethan said, rubbing the vulcans breasts
roughly.
    Dream-T'Shaul smiled wickedly then kneeled in front of Dream-Ethan, pulling
his hardness into her mouth. She clamped her lips around the head and slowly
slid them down the shaft until the cock was deep in her throat. Then she sucked
hard and dream-Ethan groaned. "Oh yesss... suck it good you hot vulcan bitch!
Uhhhnnn, you're so fucking GOOD!! Yeesss... oh yeah..." He continued to mutter
on as his hands stroked Dream-T'Shauls black hair as her head bobbed.
   Suddenly she stopped and said "I need to fuck!"
   "Yeah? How bad do you need to fuck, you vulcan slut?"
   "*This* bad!" And Dream-T'Shaul pushed Dream-Ethan over, sliding herself
over him before he could react. With a load moan she lowered herself onto his
prick. "Oh God! You're so big! Unnngh, fuck! Fuck FUCK FUCK!!" Dream-T'Shaul
started bouncing up and down wildy, while Dream-Ethan grabbed her breasts and
massaged them. The dream couple was thrashing and moaning, yelling obscene
endearments at each other.

    T'Shaul forced her way out of the dream suddenly, no longer able to stand
its intensity. She opened her eyes and saw that Ethan had clamped his hand on
his erection, stroking it slowly. He muttered slightly and she could tell that
he was still asleep but not far away from conciousness. She wasn't sure how
long she had been in the dream, but it had seemed like hours.
    Her chest heaving, T'Shaul stared at the human sexual organ as Ethan
stroked it. Its tip was damp with lubrication that oozed from the slit and the
whole shaft was red. Someone moaned loudly and Ethans eyes opened suddenly to
find T'Shaul standing over him by the bed, her arms clasped under her breasts.
She had a dazed expression on her face, focused on his hands... then he
realized that he had been masturbating. Embarrassing, shameful fragments of the
dream spun through his mind and he thought that T'Shaul must surely be upset
with him, but she wasn't *acting* upset...
    She glanced at him suddenly at his thoughts and her tongue darted out to
moisten dry lips. She moaned again and Ethans eyes widened as he felt the heat
radiating from her through the Bond. Suddenly, T'Shaul threw herself on top of
Ethan, desperately kissing him.
    <I want you now!> she thought harshly. <I *must* have you!!> Her lips were
sucking on Ethans and she copied his french kiss of the previous night, tongue
clumsily exploring his mouth. He couldn't help himself from responding even
though he protested.
    <You shouldn't> he thought desperately, <I don't want you shaming
yourself...> Somehow, still slightly addled, he thought she was forcing herself
into this state, that she was doing something she didn't want to. His dream! It
had been so guttural.
    "You foolish human," T'Shaul said, breaking their kiss, "you can not shame
me! You have aroused me too much!" Her eyes were gleaming feverantly. "Do you
not realize? Your dream, it brought me here! It was your equivalent of
Ponn-Faar!!" Ethans eyes widened at the realization. Then he grabbed T'Shaul
and was hungrily devouring her lips, then sucking his way down her chin and
across her neck to her breasts. Her slumbering passion had been well and truly
awakened and now it compelled his actions.
    T'Shaul moaned as Ethans tongue swirled around her hardened nipples. His
soft, flexible muscle was dancing across the tight, rough flesh of each breasts
tip, flicking and swirling as he sucked gently. He used his teeth to carefully
nibble on the nubs and T'Shaul gasped each time, then pulled his body closer.
"Oh yes!!" she exclaimed, "Suck my tits!" Ethan started at this exclamation.
"Do not stop!" T'Shaul cried desperately.
    "Sorry..." Ethan replied a bit sheepishly. "I'm not used to a vulcan
talking... explicitly."
    "I do not care!!" T'Shaul complained. "I just want you to suck my tits!"
    Ethan grinned, and then he noticed that his wifes hips were twisting back
and forth. "Hey," he said, "you don't need me to suck your *tits*..." With
that, he moved himself down to T'Shauls crotch. T'Shaul was moaning quietly as
her hips wriggled about, but she stopped when her husband pulled her legs apart
and placed his face just inches from her crotch. A strange thrill shot down her
spine but she suppressed the idea that he would... no, he would not dare!
    Ethan examined the puffy green lips of his wifes vagina. The color was so
different than the pink shadings of a human womans, it was somehow perversely
exciting. Blood-engorged tissue glistened with moisture while fine black hair
like silk threads surrounded the lips in a delicate frame. "Awwww, poor baby,"
Ethan said, "did I cause this?"
    "Yes. Now please Ethan..." T'Shaul seemed slightly confused, though she
didn't stop wriggling slightly. He couldn't possibly be intending to...
    "It looks hot... Let's see if I can cool it down." Ethan breathed carefully
on the soaking patch of hair and skin. T'Shaul moaned hard at the tickling
breeze. "Well that didn't work. Maybe I can cool it by licking."
    "Licking?" T'Shauls voice was small and trembling. "But that... that would
be..." She could barely suppress the lust that welled up at what he suggested.
    <Great fun,> Ethan thought. <Please darling. Let me pleasure you.> There
was silence only for a moment, and then T'Shaul nodded, head shaking slightly.
    Ethan could smell the muskiness of T'Shauls lubricants. The odor wasn't
overly strong and had a tinge of something that he couldn't identify.
Something pleasant, like a flowers heavy perfume. He breathed it in deeply as
he used his tongue tip to lick from the bottom of the glistening slit to the
top. T'Shaul started to moan the moment Ethans tongue touched her heated nether
lips and the moan rose in pitch as the taster slid upward until it reached the
dark cap of flesh over her clitoris. He used his fingers to pull it back and
carefully sucked on the bud of nerve endings.
    "OH!" T'Shaul cried, her body quivering like a drop of water on a fine
wire.
    <Like this, my love?> Ethan thought.
    <Yes! I did not> "OOH!" <think that> "OH!!" <that this would hap--> "OH
YES!" T'Shaul thought that she had never felt such pleasure before. Hot lines
raced along her nerves and mind seemed to be sinking into something warm.
    <Well, you said you we're my student.> Ethan swabbed his wifes wattles,
sucking in the moisture on them with great abandon. The taste was different
from the smell, almost nutty but with a salty-sweet aftertaste. Delicious!
    T'Shaul slowly undulated her hips as Ethan serviced her with his mouth. She
had never bothered to study human sexual practices; she hadn't even paid much
attention to the vulcan ones. Now she was happy to be making up for the lost
time as she moaned in great abandon. She watched her husband as he maneuvered
in her crotch, hands massaging her thighs. It was intensely exciting to see his
tongue swirl about and feel the near ecstasy of it at the same time. A slow
coiling was growing in her stomach which she realized was an approaching
climax. It would be her first ever.
    <Really?> Ethan thought, surprised.
    T'Shaul, too distracted to concentrate on thinking, replied "Yessss. Do
that again, it felt OH! O H ! Yes! Oh I love you!" She closed her eyes, but her
hands sought out Ethans head to hold it gently. Waves of ecstatic love flowed
through the bond with the increased physical contact.
    <Let's see how good your first one will be then!> Ethan pressed his mouth
against the wet pocket and stuck his tongue between the lips, pushing it in as
far as it would go. T'Shauls hips began bucking immediately as the tongue
pulled out and slid back in, over and over. Then she cried out again when Ethan
swirled his tongue around her swollen clitoris rapidly, ending with a hard
sucking on the button while flicking it with his tongue tip. The sensual
undulations of T'Shauls body rapidly fell apart as she felt the coiling
becoming tighter and tighter.
    "Inside me you-you probe and eat and drink me and I-I-I'm going..." The
sentence stuttered and died into silence for one brief moment. <Oh darling
beloved husband dearest I love you I Love You!> "I LOVE YOU!!!" T'Shaul
quivered violently, then started thrashing as she came so hard she managed to
rip the matress with her clenching hands. A single hair-raising moan emerged
from T'Shauls throat, drawing out and out as her climax pulsed through her
every nerve. Ethan vibrated his tongue on the pulsing clitoris as tremendous
volumes of musky fluid poured out of the slit below it, coating his chin. Only
intense concentration kept him from loosing his own control and spewing semen
all over the bed underneath him.
     After several minutes, T'Shaul came down from her high. She was gasping
for breath but managed to sigh happily. Ethan kissed her stomach and she
giggled. It felt good to giggle and she continued to do so. Ethan smiled as his
wifes happiness bubbled over to him through the Bond. It made him feel joyful
and proud to have brought his wife such pleasure for her first time.
    <That was wonderful.> T'Shaul thought as she kissed Ethan. She didn't
notice the slight tang of her own cum on his lips. <Now we must consummate our
love!>
    <I'm afraid if I tried consumating right now, I wouldn't last long enough
to count for anything.> Ethan thought ruefully.
    T'Shaul could feel now that Ethan was indeed very excited. His libido was
overworked from the double sensations of pleasure that the Bond provided. He
would need to ejaculate to relieve the pressure, she calculated. Images from
the dream suddenly lept into her mind.
    "Is my beloveds cock all swollen and hard?" T'Shaul said. Her quiet, gentle
voice uttering such explicit words made Ethan start. She was learning that
such "dirty talk" was very arousing for him. And that meant it was arousing
for herself as well. Fortunately, she had learned quite a few from his dream!
    T'Shaul moved herself into a kneeling position on the bed between Ethans
legs, bending over his cock. His eyes grew wide when she said, "What a
beautiful hard cock my husband has." Her hair hung in long strands over Ethans
pelvis as she looked down at the tip of his prick. "And it has a purple head.
I love purple." She experimentally fondled the staff and Ethan groaned as
soft, careful fingers caressed his hot flesh. "Oh, it feels wonderful! It is
smooth and hot." Pre-cum leaked from the slit as T'Shaul stroked the cock,
describing the feeling.
    "You certainly aaahh! learned the verbal part of human sex fast! Mmmmm..."
    "We are Bonded, my love. I know your dreams and you know mine." T'Shaul
leaned closer to Ethans prick. "I watched your dream... you wanted me to suck
your cock." A drop of pre-cum spat out and hit T'Shaul on the nose at the
remark. She looked at Ethan, seeing sweat run down his face, his eyes
pleading. "And I do. I want you to come. I want you to feel so good!"
    "Do you, unhh, know what to do?" Ethan said, gritting his teeth.
    "I grap the basics," T'Shaul replied. "Do you object to my practicing on
you?"
    "Practice. Please," Ethan breathed.
    T'Shaul leaned forward and carefully licked from the cap of the cock down
the staff, leaving a streak of shiny saliva. The flavor was almost tangy, a
combination of sweat and something else. Liking this taste, T'Shaul slid her
tongue-tip up the underside of the hardness and passed over the sensitive
glans. Doing so caused Ethan to moan and T'Shauls crotch to suddenly flood
anew. She gasped in surprise at the surge of pleasure, spreading her knees
wider in automatic response. Eager now, she pursed her lips and placed them on
the head of the cock, then pushed it slowly into her mouth, just as the
dream-T'Shaul had. She pressed her lips tightly to the sides of Ethans cock as
she slid it nearly half-way in.
    Ethans hips pushed up, trying to thrust the rest of his cock into the warm
and wet place, but the head only banged against the back of T'Shauls mouth.
T'Shaul supressed his humping with her vulcan strength, hands holding his hips
firmly in place. Then she began to suck as if she were using a very thin straw
to try and empty a huge container of water as quickly as possible.
    "UOUUUHHHH!!" Ethan moaned, his eyes closing. "FUCK!! Oh God baby, not so
hard! Oooooohhh!! STOP STOP!" He was gasping and panting, so T'Shaul let up the
pressure.
    <Wasn't that right?> she thought, her mouth too full to speak. She looked
at Ethan with concern. <Did I do it wrong?>
    "Right?!" Ethan was nearly stunned, she realized. "T'Shaul, you nearly
sucked my balls out! Another couple of seconds and I would've lost it." Ethan
felt wonderful affection for the dark haired maiden watching him, his hardness
protruding from her lips. His affection swirled with lust at her visage, giving his wife a strange fluttering sensation in both her crotch and her chest.
    Ethan showed her some images of other techniques she could try. T'Shaul
learned quickly what actions provoked the greatest pleasure. Licking the
sensitive spot just between the head and the stretched foreskin would always
bring Ethans climax closer as well as making her crotch even more wet. Sucking
a ball into her mouth would illicit a gasp from Ethan. Suction on the head,
much milder than she had used before, gave them both glorious tingles.
    T'Shaul licked the cock from base to tip and down again, coating it with
saliva. She clamped her lips to the head and tickled it with her tongue, then
tried to stick the tip of her eager taster into the small slit, but it
wouldn't fit. So instead, she swirled her tongue around the head, tracing the
broken circle of tissue around the base of the cock head. T'Shaul had bunched
up the bed sheets between her legs and now rhythmically squeezed her thighs
against them. Ethan was murmuring endearments to his wife as she switched
between licking the whole shaft and caressing the head with her tongue.
    "Ungh! Aaaaahhh... oh yeah right there... UNNNNGH!! oooh..." Sweat was
pouring from Ethans body, soaking the matress cover. His balls felt bulging
and hard, almost stony.
    <What a hard cock!> T'Shaul thought and a stab of mixed pleasure-pride came
from Ethan. <A hard, delicious cock!> She was really getting into dirty talk,
stoking her own firey passion with the strange human words. The sheets between
her legs were soaked thoroughly, the lubricants dampening her thighs. Ethan
could smell the musky, delicate odor which was filling the cabin.
    <I can smell your pussy!> Ethan thought. <You're so hot and wet!>
    <I am so hot for you!> T'Shaul replied. And it was true.
    She pulled back for a moment to examine her handywork. Ethans prick was
visibly straining, gleaming with saliva and pre-cum in the morning light from
the window. The shaft was a pleasant bright red with a dark purple head that
bobbed slightly with each pulse of Ethans rapidly beating heart. T'Shaul
kissed the glans and more pre-cum squirted out. She liked having this control
over her husbands body, his passion. She didn't want it to end too soon. Now
maybe it was time for her to play a little game.
    "Are you ready to come?" she asked huskily.
    "Yes!" The reply was frantic.
    "Are you sure?"
    Ethan stared at her. "YES!"
    "Maybe you would like some water, it must be hot for you. Or maybe a swim
in the lake?" T'Shauls tone was almost off-hand.
    "Damn it, I should never have taught you how to tease," Ethan complained,
realizing his wifes intentions.
    "Too late, my love." T'Shaul replied, a triumphant expression on her face.
    Ethan groaned and shoved his raging need for climax into T'Shauls mind. The
Bond had been echoing the physical sensations all along, but not this fully or
intensely. Now T'Shaul moaned, her head falling forward to rest on Ethans leg,
as her hips flexed hard and little gasps escaped from her lips. "Oh oh ooh...
Oh stop, oh, oh stop please oh..." T'Shaul felt like steel bands were wrapped
around her--testicles?--which strained to burst. She nearly emptied her
bladder. She couldn't hold herself up as Ethans throbbing need filled her and
she whimpered for it to stop. Ethan relented and she raised her head to look
at him. "Oh Ethan..." she breathed. Her whole crotch was throbbing and her
pussy felt like it had had boiling water poured over it.
    "Just make me come," Ethan said, "please... it's starting to hurt..." He
was breathing hard and swallowing constantly. His eyes pleaded to his wife.
    T'Shaul immediately stopped practicing the game of teasing. She let her
mouth fill with saliva, then slid Ethans cock into the oral cavity, her lips
sliding along the veins of the shaft. She began to bob her head, the tip of the
cock sliding in as far as it would go then out. "Unh! Oh God!! Uuuhhh!" Ethan
was gasping and thrusting his hips to meet T'Shauls hot mouth as she bobbed her
head faster, moaning as Ethans climax built through the Bond, making her crotch
itch. She was moaning harder and her head was starting to shake as she slid her
mouth ever faster over Ethans prick.
    "T'Shaul," Ethan gasped, barely able to talk, "use your hand! Or I-I-I'll
UUUNNNGH!" Ethan almost whimpered. He knew he could never hold back against
this onslaught. He desperately wanted to pull himself out of T'Shauls mouth
before he came, but she was holding his body tightly in place with her
superior vulcan strength. T'Shaul felt her husbands balls tightening and
starting to jerk as he was about to come, so she left just the cock head in
her mouth. Then she used her hand to jerk on the rest of wet shaft as she
flicked the sensitive glans in a frenzy.
    "WAIT! NOOOO!!" Ethan cried, but it was too late. His back arched up as he
yelled, then his cock jerked violently and hot sticky fluid flooded T'Shauls
mouth. She vaguely tasted the semen but was overwhelmed by Ethans intense
climax setting her off. The Bond made it seem almost like she had a cock and
it was spurting hard into a warm and pleasant cavity. She couldn't help
herself as she flung her head back and yelled incoherently, unswallowed semen
dribbling out of her mouth as she trembled in the throes of ecstasy. Ethans
cock spurted cum onto her neck and chest several times and then stopped.
T'Shaul groaned desperately, then bent close as she grabbed her husbands prick
and pumped out more semen. It jetted onto her narrow features, but she didn't
care. She closed her eyes and shuddered with their shared climax. With each
stream of semen, Ethan felt like someone was yanking a hot wire out of his
uretha. They were both coming intensely, pleasure feeding back through the Bond
in a seemingly endless cycle.
    Slowly the couple recovered from their orgasm, gasping and panting. T'Shaul
slowly pumped her hand along Ethans cock and a few more drops of semen oozed
out. She licked them off, now able to concentrate on the flavor. It was thick
and salty, but definitely appealing. And it seemed that something in the semen
reacted with her vulcan skin or sweat, making her flesh tingle in a strange,
soothing fashion.
    "I'm sorry T'Shaul, I couldn't help myself..." Ethan was ashamed of the
mess he had made of his wife. Her black hair was damp with sweat, which
speckled her forehead. Her face had cum spattered all over it, dripping from
her nose and mouth in gobs, and more semen dripped down her neck over her
breasts. Her hand was sticky with the white fluid, which she was carefully
licking off. Ethan felt like crying for what he had done. "I didn't want to
shame you..." he said miserably, then stared as he realized his wife was
eagerly eating his semen. "You... you like it?" he asked incredulously.
    "Yes," T'Shaul said. "It makes my skin tingle." She licked her fingers
carefully, as if she were sampling some vegetable dip. "And it has a unique
flavor. Different then anything else."
    "But..." Ethan was confused. This was his wife! Not some common prostitute
that he would pay to relieve his frustrations.
    <Nothing you do can shame me, my love.> T'Shauls thought was quiet. <And I
want you to experience as much pleasure as you gave me. I wanted this.> Ethans
self-disgust died away.
    T'Shaul rubbed the semen across her chest, caressing it in. <This feels
marvelous.> The tingling settled into her hot skin and made it nearly glow.
Ethans cock had begun to soften but now it was pulsing hard again at the sight
of the young vulcan maiden using his cum as an ointment. His passion was far
from exhausted and now it surged anew. T'Shaul sighed, her eyes fluttering
closed, as warmth spread through her stomach and then into her groin.
    "Oooh..." She opened her eyes and stared into Ethans own. They were
gleaming with hunger but the glow of love was just as strong. She unfolded
herself to rest her body on his, and whispered "I love thee, thou who art my
husband." She spoke in Vulcan, but Ethan understood every word. "Let us mate."
    "Oh we will," Ethan whispered back. "But not until we clean up. I'm not
going to have your first time be something sleazy." T'Shaul nearly argued
against this, for her blood was burning with unrelenting need, but she felt the
importance Ethan held for his wish, so she agreed.
    They left the cabin, not worrying about clothing since they were well
isolated in their location. Once outside T'Shaul found herself actually cooling
off a bit, though the sun was now shining brightly at near mid-morning
position. She wondered how cold the lake water would be.
    <It won't be that bad,> Ethan assured her. <And I'll be there to keep you
warm.>
    They reached the lake edge and Ethan walked right in. T'Shaul entered a bit
more slowly, since the water was nearly as cold as she had thought it would be.
Ethan playfully dragged her in all the way, making sure that her head stayed
above the surface. Then he paddled out to the deeper water, pulling T'Shaul
along.
    <It is frigid!> she chastised him.
    <I know, I can feel it,> Ethan replied, refering to the Bonds echo of his
wifes discomfort. <This won't take long, beloved.>
    Ethan carefully wrapped himself around T'Shaul, and directed her to hold
her breath. He submerged them both for a short time, caressing the sweat and
semen from his wifes body. They surfaced and Ethan felt T'Shaul starting to
shiver, so he kissed her lips hard to distract her from the discomfort. He
pulled T'Shaul down again, sharing his breath with her. Her skin was cooling
rapidly under Ethans stroking fingertips and she continued to shiver, but she
didn't stop kissing. 
    When they re-surfaced, Ethan was satisfied that his wife was clean. But she
was also terribly cold now, shivering uncontrollably. Her hair was plastered
against her skull, dripping water that beaded on her eyelashes. And her eyes
were glittering so brightly that they seemed to be dark diamonds in the
sunlight.
    <Oh darling,> Ethan thought, hugging his wife tightly to him, <you are so
beautiful!>
    <I am so *cold*.> She placed one hand against Ethans cheek. <Warm me,
husband.>
    Ethan swam akwardly back to sure, holding T'Shaul with one arm. He lifted
her up in both arms as he stood up and left the lake. He jogged slowly to the
cabin, pushing the door open with one foot. Once inside, he placed T'Shaul on
the bed, then closed the door. The air was still warm and musky which made
T'Shaul immediately more comfortable, but they were both dripping, soaking wet.
Ethan crawled next to his wife and began to suck the water off, licking it from
her neck, then her shoulders. He sucked along her arm, the soft flesh pulling
into his mouth from the gentle vacuum. He carefully licked each finger on the
one hand, then switched to the other and proceeded up that arm back to its
shoulder. T'Shauls skin was starting to blush a sea green, warming to her
husbands hot tongue as it gathered up drops of lake water. Ethan was drinking
from T'Shauls body, sipping from her collar bone, moving on to her chest,
giving the hard nipples only a few swipes before lapping up the water trapped
under the breasts.
    "Oooooh..." T'Shaul cooed as her husbands tongue dried her, leaving behind
a thin layer of saliva that the hot skin quickly evaporated. "Aaaaaaaa... oooh
that's soooooo good! My beloved..." She was squirming and twisting now, well
primed and ready, but Ethan continued to progress methodically along. He
swabbed T'Shauls flexing stomach, then put his mouth over her belly button and
sucked hard to extract the trapped moisture. T'Shaul squeaked out some
gasp-like sounds. "Oh please... stop..." she panted. Her skin was becoming more
sensitive as blood flowed forth.
    <But I have to dry you off,> Ethan thought, matter-of-factly. He continued
past the stomach and went onto the thighs. When his lips touched the inner part
of one thigh, the legs immediately bent up and spread wide. But Ethan ignored
the invitation, as tempting as it was, and continued along the thigh, sucking
carefully. There was a great deal more sweat now. He could feel T'Shauls lean
but deceivingly strong muscles quivering. He slurped along her knee and leg to
descend to the feet. Unfortunately, a vulcans foot sole isn't as sensitive as a
humans, so he contented himself with sucking each toe into his mouth for a
moment. Each time, T'Shaul moaned a small plea. Her hips were gyrating, and her
bottom lip had completely disappeared into her mouth. Her skin itched and
tingled while her puss twitched for attention. It didn't receive any.
    As Ethan went to the other foot, he wiggled the toes with his tongue. Then
he kissed the ankle and continued to kiss his way up the leg, pausing to
noisily slurp at the kneecap. He was barely constraining himself at this point
as T'Shauls torment being nearly unbearable, but Ethan disciplined himself
firmly. She was asking him to please, *please* hurry up, to give her some
release or at least STOP! The pleas were hard to ignore, especially when his
wife whimpered so plaintively. It certainly didn't make the torment any easier
to bear.
    "Turn over," Ethan said quietly. T'Shaul moaned, but she obligingly laid
herself onto her stomach. Ethan sucked gently along her left calf to her
buttock cheek, which was fairly dry. He kissed his way across the firm cheek to
the opposite member. Then he placed his hands on both cheeks and pulled them
apart. T'Shaul stiffened. There was a moments agonizing pause, during which she
dared not even breath. Then she felt Ethans hot breath puffing in the cleft as
he sucked out what trapped moisture there was. T'Shaul remained tensed but was
trembling slightly. When Ethan jammed his tongue into the cleft and licked it
dry, she couldn't help arching her ass up to him. But now he was licking and
sucking his way across her back, arriving at her neck, where he had started.
Without any urging, she turned over onto her back again, her eyes closed and
hands loosely clenched at her sides. By now her clit was bright green and
pulsing.
    Ethans lips brushed against T'Shauls, then stroked across her cheeks. He
kissed her closed eyelids, then her high slanting eyebrows, and finally her
forehead. Then he sat back leisurely, head propped up on one arm. T'Shaul
opened her eyes and looked at him silently, reproachfully.
    "There, I think I got you dried off." Ethan smiled at T'Shaul. "Don't you feel better now?"
    "Ungh..." T'Shaul could see clearly through Ethans casual statemnt, for his
cock was so hard it was pointing up towards his stomach, his balls were
shrunken into his abdomen, and he was sweating more then she was. She stuttered
as she went along with the little game. "I-I think y-y-you missssed a spot,
*dear*."
    "Oh, so I did," Ethan replied. Then he swooped in on T'Shauls crotch. "Oh
look at all this water. It's just puddling up here. This may take a while."
    T'Shaul nearly screamed in relief when Ethans probing tongue began to lick
around her vulva. He loudly slurped up the abundance of lubricants, then
quested inwards for more, probing in between the vulva and the inner lips. When
they were dry as could be expected, he pressed his mouth against the vaginal
opening and started sucking. T'Shaul suddenly began to mutter Vulcan words and
phrases that had a haunting, rough beauty in their sound. But their meaning was
more obscene and explicit then any human words. Her voice got higher and higher
and her chest was heaving, the small breasts stretching and bouncing slightly.
The green flush was rushing from the rest of her body to the center of her
torso, darkening.
    "Suck Suck Suck..." she chanted elegantly in Vulcan, Ethan understanding
every nuance through the Bond. "SuckooooooOOOSuuuckooooooOOOSssoooo gooooood."
She was gasping, her back arching and thrusting her crotch into Ethans face as
his tongue thrust as deep as possible into her cunt and he sucked and swallowed
the flowing juices. He pulled the tongue out and sucked on the clitoris,
holding it carefully between his teeth. T'Shauls movements became jagged and
more pronounced, and images from her uncontrollably flooded his mind. They were
searing fantasies of dark lust and desire from the animal root of her mind.
    T'Shaul was grunting in a stutter that heralded her climax. "OOOH! Oh, OH,
Unh... Unh, Unnh, Ungh-UNGH!-UNNNGGH!-UNNGGHHHHHOOOOOH..." For one second there
was silence, then T'Shaul shrieked "EEEETHAAAANNN!" and the climax crashed upon
her like a great wave on a reef. Ethan thrilled at the sensation of her vaginal
muscles pulling his tongue in with a powerful suction, his nose ludicrously
rubbing the clitoris. He couldn't hope to prevent the spurting of his cock, but
it only got harder when he finished climaxing.
    After several minutes, Ethan realized that T'Shaul had already came three
times and was showing no signs of letting up. He reluctantly pulled away from
her twat, then watched the inner lips actually opening and closing with the
pulsations of ecstasy.
    <You PERFECT wonderful human...> T'Shauls thought was so loving that it
brought tears to Ethans eyes. <You must enter me. Now.>
    Without a sound, they rolled onto their sides, so they were facing each
other. T'Shaul raised one leg and placed it over Ethans hip. She could feel his
hard flesh bouncing against her pubes. They locked eyes, and didn't even dare
blink or flinch as ever so carefully, the head of Ethans cock found T'Shauls
oilslick-wet nether lips and speared between them. It slid in until it met a
resistance.
    <I'm sorry,> Ethan thought, <I wish it wouldn't hurt.>
    <No apologies, no delays. JOIN ME!> It wasn't an urgent request but a
demand. Ethan stared hard into the glittering crystals of T'Shauls eyes, then
thrust his hips forward hard.
    There was a sharp pulse of pain that Ethan tried to block T'Shaul from
feeling, but his attempt was clumsy. They both gasped but the pain was already
blurring, turning into an ache. T'Shauls eyes never strayed from Ethans. He
started to say he was sorry but she was starting to twist her hips. Soon, they
were grinding their pubic bones together, and the dull ache flittered off,
chased away by bubbling pleasure.
    <Please fuck me,> T'Shaul thought. <I need it bad.> Ethan groaned as his
wife began to verbally tease him. Now that they were consummated, she was
getting him back for the earlier torment. <My pussy has never had a cock in it
and now it is soooo hungry. It wants your cum, all of it! Feel how it tries to
suck your hard dick in?> As the barrage of obscene thoughts continued, T'Shaul
was starting to pant and moan. Soon she was vocalizing instead of thinking.
    "It's fucking me so well, in and out and in and out and OOOOOOH! Ungh oh
and it's making me climax in little bits! Oh! Oh! OH!!" Ethan shivered each
time T'Shaul had a tiny, mini-climax, his tormented cock pulsing little jets of
pre-cum in tandem. "I feel it!" T'Shaul exclaimed. "Don't move it! Just leave
it in. Oooooh... Oh even when you don't move it, it makes me want to come,
OOOH!!" T'Shauls head dropped forward on Ethans shoulder, still muttering. His
cock was rested snugly deep in the warm pocket, throbbing in rhythm with his
thumping heart. As they held each other frozen in this position, Ethan began to
feel a small ebb in his building climax. After several minutes, he caressed his
wifes cheek, pulling the damp hair out of the way. Her eyes were closed and she
almost looked like she was asleep, but it was an illusion of sight only. Ethan
kissed her cheek tenderly, then kissed her earlobe. T'Shaul moaned. He nibbled
lightly on the earlobe, then traced its curve to her earpoint with his tongue,
while T'Shauls moans became more pronounced. He blew faintly into her ear, then
stuck his tongue inside. T'Shauls hips began to buck in slow motion, and Ethan
thrusted in response.
    <Do you like this hot wet thing in your ear?> Ethan thought, <Does it
excite you?>
    <Yes Ethan. Keep it in. Keep them both in! Oooh it's hot and hard and soft
and wet all together...> As T'Shauls bucking was met by Ethans thrusts she was
pushed over onto her back, Ethan on top. Now she rested as her husband thrust
more urgently, pulling himself almost all of the way out then pushing back in
as far as he could, over and over. He was holding himself up over T'Shaul so
her could watch her face as she moaned and gasped. He felt that he had never
seen anything more beautiful then her hungry, grimacing countenance. Her back
arched as she growled like a trapped animal, and Ethan groaned at her
lust-crazed experssion. "Oh you're so fucking HOT!" he cried. "I can't, ungh,
hold back! Unnngh! I'm going to have to come!"
    "YES!" T'Shaul growled, "DO IT! I'm ready for it, I've been ready forever!"
She wrapped her arms around him and pulled hard, nearly knocking the air out of
his lungs. "COME INSIDE ME YOU FUCKER!!!" she yelled in his ear.
    His thrusts frenzied, Ethan felt his balls seem to balloon and expand.
"Ooooh it's coming!" T'Shaul cried happily, as if she were a litle girl at a
parade seeing the first glimpse of her favorite float. Her legs clamped around
Ethans ass and locked him into place deep inside her throne. He clamped his
mouth on hers and grunted as his cock pulsed the first stream of long-simmering
semen into T'Shaul, who was already orgasming. They're gentials seemed fused
together, pulsing and squirting and throbbing as one. Ecstasy flared sodium
bright in the Bond at each pulse. T'Shaul and Ethan shared images of her body
filling up with hot streams of cum and their orgasm blasted harder. Ethan was
sure he'd have bruises from being squeezed so hard but he didn't care.
    Sadly, the pulses grew weaker and farther apart. Eventually, there was only
a rippling that faded slowly. They remained locked together for several minutes
afterwards, their grips loosening only slowly. Eventually, they opened their
eyes again, lips still locked together. Sighing contentedly, the couple kissed
tenderly.
    <It *was* perfect,> T'Shaul thought finally. <Just like you. And beautiful
like you.>
    <Oh T'Shaul my precious love...> Ethan squeezed her gently. <That was only
the first time!>
    <Oh! No, I'm too sore...>
    Ethan chuckled, and T'Shaul smiled at him. Then they rolled on their sides,
still locked together, and slowly fell into a quiet doze.
