	- A VULCAN'S LOVE-
		      by Ann Douglas
		 (AnnD@Pipeline.Com)

	Christine Chapel took a deep breath before
she entered the Vulcan's quarters. Her heart was
racing, her palms sweaty, she couldn't remember the
last time she'd been this nervous. The soft folds of
the light blue nurse's uniform rose with the swell of
her breasts as she took a second breath and then
finally entered the dimly lit room.    
	"Mr. Spock?"  She called out in a low voice.
	When no answer was heard, she took a
hesitant step into the dimly lit quarters.  A wave of
hot air hit her as she stepped from the cool confines
of the hall.  It was obvious that the environmental
controls had been set for "Vulcan Normal."  
	Her eyes quickly adjusted to the dimness and
she could see the outer room of the two room
quarters was empty.  A slight sound from the
adjourning bedroom caught her attention. Gripping
the hypo in her hand ever tighter, she followed the
sound.  
	"Oh God!" Christine exclaimed in a hushed
whisper as she entered the bedroom and saw the
Vulcan lying naked on the bed.  A layer of sweat
covered his body, matting the thick layer of black
hair that covered his chest.  Moving closer, her eyes
couldn't help but notice the enlarged state of his
penis.  If Spock had been fully human, the 10 inch
length of his shaft would've been considered
excessive. From her studies of Vulcan anatomy, the
Nurse knew he was only average sized.
	Christine jumped back as Spock moaned in
his sleep.  Almost afraid to wake him, Christine
gently brushed his wet hair way from his eyes. In her
mind she could imagine the agony he was going
through.
	On her first deep space assignment, Christine
had responded to an emergency on a small Vulcan
research station on Amin VI. There she had found
one of the male Vulcans in a state very much like
Spock's. In order for her to help him, one of the
other Vulcans had explained the concept of Pon Farr
to her.  Their own healer had been killed in the
accidental explosion that had brought her ship to
Amin. Afterwards, she had respected their wish that
she never speak of it again to any offworlder.
	Yet, as a result, Christine knew more about
what was wrong with the Enterprise's First Officer
than Doctor McCoy did.  In her hand she held a
hypo with a drug that would help decrease a
Vulcan's sex drive. It was an obscure medication,
only used as the time of Pon Farr.
	"I can't bear to see him in agony." The
blonde nurse thought to herself.
	How many years had she been in love with
this man. A love that she knew would never be
reciprocated.  Yet, even knowing this, she would
still make any sacrifice for him.
	"Nurse Chapel?"  Spock said in a low voice
as he opened his eyes.
	Christine didn't say a word as he sat up on
the edge of the bed. His lack of clothing in no way
detracted from his bearing. In fact it enhanced it,
since even in his weakened state, the strength of his
body was evident.  His eyes drifted from her face to
the medical instrument she held.  
	"Calnizine."  She replied to his unasked
question.       
	"Then you know?"  He asked.
	"I encountered it once before, a long time
ago."  Was the reply.
	With that she raised the hypo to his shoulder
and injected the drug. Spock seemed to react ever so
slightly from the injection, a sign that even his
famous control slipped at this time.
	"Thank you.......Christine."  He said, the faint
trace of a smile on his lips.
	Hearing her name from his lips brought more
joy to her heart than a declaration of love.  In all the
years since she had come onboard, it had never been
anything but "Nurse Chapel."

	About ten minutes pasted and Christine
began to become worried.  The medication should've
begun to work by now, instead his condition seemed
to be worsening.  A glazed look began to come over
his eyes and he began to moan once again.  
	"This shouldn't have happened."  Christine
thought.  "I'd better get Doctor McCoy."


	Twenty minutes later, Leonard McCoy
walked out of Spock's bedroom, a worried look on
his face.  Christine had been waiting in the outer
living quarters since summoning the CMO.  She had
explained Pon Farr to the Doctor upon his arrival.
Much of it he had already figured out. While he
couldn't exactly condone his nurse's actions, he more
than understood her desire to help Spock under
conditions that would preserve his dignity. 
	"It's that blasted human/vulcan mix in his
physiology."  The doctor exclaimed as he walked up
to Christine.  "The medication you gave him isn't
having any effect on his human half."
	"Then what can we do?"  She asked.
	"Damned if I know."  McCoy said. "They
didn't exactly cover this at Starfleet Medical.  I'm
going back to sickbay and see what I can come up
with.  But the bottom line is that we're still fifteen
hours from Vulcan. Even though I know Jim and
Scotty would burn out the warp drive trying to get
him there a little faster, we may just have to face the
fact that he's going to burn out before we get there."
	"Should we move him to sickbay?"  She
asked.
	"No, there nothing more that I could do for
him there."  McCoy said, the frustration in his voice
evident.  "With Spock's passion for privacy, it's
better off keeping him where he is.  Just stay with
him and monitor the situation."
	
	A quarter of an hour passed and Spock's
fever continued.  Christine desperately search her
mind for a solution. Then a sudden thought caused
her to rethink the situation.
	"We've been looking at this all wrong," She
said to herself.  "We've been looking at this as if it
was a virus or infection.  Something that wasn't
normal for Spock. But what we really have here,
stripped of all the alien customs and physiology, is
an incredibly horny man.  A genuine case of the
fictitious disease that young men even in this age
tried to convince women existed. It was called many
things, but always came back to original name, blue
balls."
	Spock needed to mate.  If he didn't, he'd die.
It was that simple.  Christine didn't know if a human
female could take the place of a vulcan during the
Pon Farr, but it was worth a try.  After all, Spock's
mother was human. 
	Suddenly aware of a touch at the base of his
cock, Spock snapped awake.  Looking down, he
instantly understood what Christine was attempting
to do.
	"Christine, no."  He protested. "It isn't safe
for you to......"
	She silenced him with the touch of her
fingers against  his lips.  Then she replaced the hand
that had been stroking his cock with her mouth. 
	It was impossible for her to take him fully
inside her mouth, but she began to suck earnestly. 
She could feel a reaction in his body.  Running her
tongue down to the base of his scrotum, she could
hear his moans changed from those of pain to
delight.
	Spock's skin, normally warm to the touch
now radiated a warmth that Christine could feel to
the core of her being.  She could tell that her actions
were having a positive effort, but it would take more
the stabilize him.
	Releasing his cock, she reached behind
herself and undid the clasp of her uniform, sliding it
off.  A few moments later, her bra and panties
followed, dropping atop the blue pile.
	She was now naked in front a man with sex
in her heart for the first time since she had lost her
fiancee Roger Korby.  The thought only lasted a
second before she climbed up onto the bed and
straddled Spock.
	Rubbing her already moist pussy against
Spock's huge organ, Christine spread some of the
lubricating juices over it.  She was surprised when
Spock reached up with both hands and began to
caress her breasts. His touch was so warm, and so
exciting.  
	Christine was now consumed by the need to
have him inside her.  On all of the nights she had
fantasized about being Spock's lover, she had never
really believed they could come true.  Taking his
pulsating cock in her hand, she guided him to her.
	The pain of initial entry was much more than
she had even felt the night she had lost her virginity. 
Spock's size, coupled with the long passage of time
since she'd been with a man, were the two main
reasons.  Determined, she began to slowly slide up
and down, taking more of him within her with each
motion.
	Spock's hands moved from her breasts to her
temples and she felt a strange presence in her
thoughts.  The fact that Vulcan's mind melded
during sex had not been part of her instruction long
ago. It had been confined to the physical aspects.  
	Still it was a pleasant surprise, and soon she
became away of what she felt like to Spock as he
entered her again and again. It was like being both a
man and a woman at the same time. It was like
nothing she had ever experienced before.
	The mild meld firmly established, Spock
released her temples and took a firm grip on her
back and shoulders, adding his immense strength to
her thrusts.  No, words passed between them, only
short breaths escaped their lips. There was no need
for words, not when they could feel each other's
thoughts.
	Through the mind link, Christine could feel
Spock rising to orgasm, just as Spock could feel
her's approaching.  She could feel that as much as he
wanted to climax, he was using his last vestige of
will to hold until she could join him.
	Finally the moment approached and Spock
pulled her to him and drove into her with animalistic
fury.  All of Christine's senses were tuned to this
moment as a wave of euphoria filled her mind and
body.  She could feel Spock's seed fill her, the heat
of it filling her pussy.  The look of bliss on his face
added to her ecstasy. Lowing herself onto him, she
pulled herself up and kissed him for the first, and
deep inside she knew, for the last time.
	Totally spent, Christine lay on top of the
Vulcan. She could feel the mind link dissolving as
Spock drifted into a peaceful sleep.  Even without a
tricorder, she could tell his temperature had dropped
and his breathing was more regular.
	Allowing herself a few minutes to relax and
just enjoy the memory, Christine then carefully lifted
herself off him and slid her feet to the floor. Quickly
she dressed, all the while rejoicing on the almost
smile that still shone on Spock's face.
	Christine knew that in less than a day, Spock
would be on Vulcan, and by tomorrow night he
would be in the arms of his betrothed.  In fact, she
had seen a brief glimpse of her in Spock's memory
during the meld.  Vulcan's were supposed to be
beyond anything like considering a woman beautiful,
but that was the word Spock's consciousness had
associated with T'Pring. Despite that, she would
always remember that she had been Spock's first.
And  for this brief moment in time, he had been hers. 
For the rest of her life, she would remember the
hour in which she had possessed the love of a
vulcan.  
	
	When Doctor McCoy checked in on Spock a
half hour later, he was greatly pleased at his patient's
improvement. If he suspected the reason, he was too
much the southern gentleman to inquire further. 


END    
