WARNING!!! USERERS OF THIS FILE MAY NOT WISH TO READ THIS FICTIONAL
ESSAY IF THEY DEEM THIS FILE AREA OFFENSIVE. THIS ESSAY IS A
FICTIONAL ACCOUNT AND DOES NOT REFLECT ANY SIMILARITIES AND
CHARACTERIZATIONS OF ANY PERSON(S) AND EVENTS. READERS ARE REMINDED
TO PRACTICE SAFE SEX AND NOT TO ABUSE ANIMALS.

    
                The Computer Lab Consultant

	Like many computer lab technicians, Maud was rather homely and
shy. Although she was as bright as all her peers in the lab, she
found it difficult to relate to them on a personal basis. Besides,
they were all disgusting  because of there continuing habit of
looking at pornographic gifs and grasp animation.

	 "What could they see in those ega screen graphics?", she
queried to herself. The question nagged her and still was not
resolved by the time the lab started to close. As the last lab tech
left the room, Maud decided to view some of the gif that the others
had left on the hard disk drive. One particular file caught her
eye. It was labelled under K9-LUST and compressed. With a flick of
wrist, she decompressed the file and discover that it was
constructed as an animation program.

	Just as she was about the run the file, the janitor entered
the room and proceeded to clean up. "Darn!", she muttered as she
proceeded to made a copy onto her diskette. "Might as well view it
in the comfort of my own home..."

	After she laid down her bag of groceries from the car, a large
object sped up to her and pinned her up against the wall. "Whoop!",
barked Rover, her pet german shepard; he was happy to see his
master come home. With tail wagging, he obediently followed her to
the kitchen where she tossed a doggy stack up in the air. He caught
it without blinking a eye.

	What a day this has been. Long hours and unrelenting demands
from the administrator. Maud quickly stripped off her clothing for
a long, hot shower. The conservative undergarments revealed that
she was quite prudish. The white playtex underwire bra and the
plain cotton panties blended quite well with her untanned skin. Her
public bush was trimmed neatly to avoid that terrible itching she
felt "down there."

	Shedding all her clothing, she proceeds to turn on the shower
and get a bottle of shampoo from the mirrored cabinet. "Whoop!"
echoed throughout the bathroom as she dropped the bottle. Quickly
turning around and she saw that Rover had trotted into the room.
"Naughty boy!", she lamented as she bent over to pick up the
dropped bottle of shampoo. As she bent over, Rover quickly sniffed
at her outer vagina area and barked again.

	"Rover...please behave yourself!" Maud tested the temperature
of the water, drew the shower curtain and proceeded to shower.
Soaping herself quickly and efficiently - especially around the
vagina, she was about to rinse off when Rover stuck his head
through the shower curtain. Maud sternly looked at him and said,
"One more step and you'll end up wet!"

	Wouldn't you know it, he jumped in and made a splash. "Just
for that...I am giving you a dog bath now!" So she stoops over and
pours a dab of shampoo and starts to lather him down. Being the
efficient person that she was, she did not neglect his genital
area.

	She did not realize that the soapy shampoo combined with her
fondling hand motions would cause Rover to have an erection. "What
the...?! Oh Rover, I am terribly sorry!" Maud had never seen Rover
erect when he was given a regular doggy bath. She was amazed at the
size and thickness of the dog's penis. She quickly put that thought
out of her mind.

	Turning around to change the temperature of the water, she
knocked the bottle of shampoo over and proceeded to pick it back
up. As she bent over, with her back to the dog, Rover jumped right
on top of her: pinning her against the wall. Luckily, she managed
to prevent her head from smashing into the wall by quickly planting
her palms in front of the tile wall. The only problem was the silly
dog was on top of her and preventing her from straightening up.

	"Rover!...Off! Off!", she quickly commanded. It was to no
avail. She started to panic when she felt a knob-like item stabbing
at her vagina opening. "No! Off! Off!", she reiterated to Rover.

	There she was pinned up against the wall, with her legs spread
apart and her body all soapy. It may be one in a million chance but
it happened: the dog hit the mark and his mushrooming head slipped
pass her labia lips. 

	With one final thrust, he was in with cock space to spare. She
grasped and moaned in fear and strangely enough - pleasure. You
see, Maud never allowed herself the luxury of playing with herself
"down there." It just was not in her nature to do so. A presence
in her sexual area stopped her momentarily. She was confused. 

	There was no time for her to think rationally. The dog started
thrusting and the vulva sensation was strangely pleasant and
stimulating to her. With one hand supporting her body, she reached
between her legs and accidently touched her clitoris. Her legs
became taunt and her hips started undulating involuntarily.

	Her hip started to thrust back in rhythm to the dog's motion
and moans started to escape from her lips. What was this strange
sensation that she was experiencing? Suddenly the dog stopped and
spurted something into her. Her hip motion continues as the sucking
vagina latched onto the spewing cock.

	Maud's head started to buzz as her body became rigid and her
vagina started to spasm uncontrollably. She felt the dog's cock
expand as her orgasm subsided. She felt her balance going and
attempted to grab the shower curtain to avoid falling over.
Unfortunately, the curtain held but the curtain rod didn't. So she
fell to her knees and hands.

	She was on all four and she suddenly realized that she was
positioned like a bitch in heat. All she wanted was to fuck..."Yes!
That's the work...FUCK!" With Rover's cock still inside of her, she
continue to hump the cock: back and forth. "Yeeessss...", she
uttered as her breasts swayed in geometric motion and her head
tossed back and forth. Fuck, fuck, fuck. She lowered her head to
her resting elbows and continue the animalistic motions. Her
swaying breasts' nipples glancing off the cold tile floor sent
shivers up and down her spine.

	All the former years of inhibition gave way to this lust that
overcame her mind and body. "Fill me up...", she moaned. "Uh, uh,
uuuuuuh, yeessss!", she cried out in frantic heat. Her body grew
taunt and she froze as her vagina gripped the cock even tighter.
A warmth covered her as she allowed her orgasm to reach its
potential and with a long sigh, she glanced behind her and said,
"What do you want for dinner tonight Rover."

	After drying off, Maud sat down in front her computer and
started the K9-LUST file and she smiled in amazement. You see, it
gave her an idea as to what her evening activities would be...

To be continued in Part II

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

