Archive-name: Violent/kalish.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Adventures of Mary Webb


This is a story I am writing for my computer slut friend, Karen 
Kalish.  If you are under 18, 21 in some states, do not read this 
story!  It is graphic in nature!  The author, Mary Webb has gone to 
great lengths to encrypt this file so it cannot be viewed with out 
this software. Ok Karen, here goes.....
My name is Mary Webb, and I have been around, let me tell you. I 
love men and women both. I guess you can say I am a 'free spirit'. Let 
me describe myself to you.  I am 38 yrs. old with shoulder length dark 
brown hair and dark almond shaped eyes.  I am 5'6" tall and weigh 118 
lbs. My figure is 38-24-36. I just love to wear short mini skirts with 
black seamed thigh-high stockings,  with no panties, just a garter 
belt. I also like to wear 5" heels with my outfit. I always wear a lot 
of jewelry, my favorite is gold and pearls. I usually pin my hair up 
with 2 or 3 pearl combs.  Besides having a nice body, My lips are 
probably my best asset. They are slightly full and very sexy. I also 
love to use my mouth.
One of my boyfriends favorite fantasys is for me to give him a good 
juicy blow job while he records the event on video tape.  What we 
usually do is not have any sex for about 8 days. Then I tell him that 
I want to suck his cock tonight.  This drives him crazy.  When we get 
home from work I tease him by showing him my ass and pussy .  Then I 
tell him to watch one of our videos.  I'll tell him that I have to get 
ready. He gets a hard on right away. I can see him with his cock 
hanging out dripping precum while he watches a previous video of my 
great cock sucking. 
While he is watching Ill go take a shower and get real clean. Then 
I'll paint my  finger nails a very bright, glossy red. Next I'll put 
on a very black and very tight garter and teddy set , without panties.
next comes the thigh high  black fishnet stockings. Then I set up the 
video camera on a tripod and put my favorite cock sucking chair in the 
right spot in the room. I also shine a floodlight on the chair. It is 
a very low-backed rocker.  It sits comfortable and puts my mouth right 
at cock-sucking level. Next I put on my makeup. My boyfriend really 
likes excessive makeup.  I help out by  putting on lots of bright blue 
eyeshadow and black eyeliner. Then I put on lots of red blush. Then I 
call him in and let him pick out my lipstick. He loves me to wear 
either a very dark, almost purple rich creme or a very bright red 
creme lipstick. NO matter how thick I put it on He says put more on. 
He usually picks the very bright red. So I really apply it thickly, 
then I sit in the chair. By now he is at the camera and he makes me 
pose with my legs spread wide. Then he makes me finger fuck myself. 
Sometimes I even cum. Occasionally I have to get out my dildoe and 
fuck myself with it. He also makes me pinch my breasts till I am so 
hot I cant stand it. All the time  im doing this I am begging him to 
let me suck his cock. I make my mouth into  a big red wet oval and 
lick my lips and the dildo! Finally he brings his fat cum swollen cock 
over to my lips. I make a large O and he press the pre cum covered 
head of his cock to my mouth. I always open wide and try to take about 
3 inches in my mouth before I close my lips on his cock and paint a 
red ring on it. He loves to see my lipstick on his cock . His precum 
has a salty flavor to it.  He usually gives me about 20 long thrust 
until allmost all of my lipstick is on his cock. Then I get up and 
pose for him . My cunt is pouring now and he usually fucks me roughly 
doggie style. HE always stops before he cums. Then He gets out a 
bright red creme lipgloss that comes in a tube with a brush . He makes 
me put on so much I look like the cocksucking slut that I am. Back to 
the chair I go.
Now he focus really  good on my head and brings me his cock that is 
dripping more than precum. It has a few drops of actual cum hanging 
off of it in a thick strand. He makes me open wide then he squeezes 
this juice out on my tongue.  Then I make an oval on his cock and 
polish the head real good. I lick and suck all the goo off of it. Then 
I start my blow job in earnest. I suck and lick for all I am worth. My 
mouth is a constant bright red wet oval. Then he usuall pulls his fat 
dick out of my mouth and tells me to open wide. He always shoots that 
first stream of cum to the back of my mouth. Then I close my mouth on 
that geyers and he pumps about 2 more shots in my mouth then pulls out 
and paint my lips with the cum pouring out of his cock head.  It 
literally runs. Then he will shoot more cum up on my forehead and runs 
down over my blue eyeshadow and across my cum cover lips. When he is 
finished my whole face is covered in cum. Then he makes me open my 
mouth and you can see it hanging in my teeth and on my tongue. Untill 
recently it gagged me to swallow, but now I take my tongue and lick 
all the goo off of my lips. I collect as much as I can off my face 
with my fingers and lick them dry. I usually have a mouthfull of cum 
and when i swallow it all slides down my throat in one sticky wad. I 
truly am a good cum eater.
Lately I've discovered that I have other talents as well. I like to 
dress up as ive described above before I meet My computer lover Karen 
Kalish. IF we ever meet in person , say at a motel between here and 
there, Ill make sure she is in the room first.  When I check in the 
first thing I am going to do is open the door and greet my lover with 
a very wettt french kiss. While we are swapping lipsticks, I am going 
to be fondling her 44d tits. I am going to pay special attention to 
the nipples. when they are hard I am going to undress her and lay her 
down on the bed. I am going to continue french kissing her mouth till 
her lips are swollen. Then I am going to work on one nipple while I 
force her to suck the other. When they are both hard I am going to 
pierce them with a pair of 14k gold nipple rings that are engraved 
with 'property of m.w.' Then I am going to hook a 14 k gold chain 
between them. Next I am going to make her undress me. The she is going 
to suck my pussy untill  her face is wet. Next I am going to make her 
lay across my lap and I am going to blister her ass. She knows why. 
Then I am going to rub my tits all over her ass to soothe it. Next 
comes the dildoe.  I am going to fuck her hard with iT. I am also 
going to fuck her ass with the big end. When she has cum several times 
I am going to make her clean every inch of the dildoe with her tongue 
including any shit that might be on it, either hers or mine. After we 
have finished eating each other, we are both going to shower and dress 
each other up like whores. Then we are going to meet my boyfriend for 
a quick meal then back to the motel. 
He is going to set up his video camera and we are both going to 
suck him like I described above. Except I am going to allow him to 
fuck you in the ass while I lick your pussy. Then we are both going to 
put on a very red wet lipgloss and we are going to french kiss around 
his cock. when he cums, I am going to let him give your face a cum 
bath. THen I am going to lick up all the cum off of your face. Then I 
am going to drool it out into your mouth. We can then french kiss and 
chase the cum around each others mouth. 
When he gets hard again, I am going to let him fuck you in the ass 
while I lick your wet pussy. I might dildoe you while he is ass 
fucking you. When he cums I will lick all the cum out of your ass and 
pussy. But I will have to also clean his shit stained cock. If you 
want me to continue this story leave me a message Karen. ALSO SEND ME 
A PIX OF YOU AND I REALLY WANT YOU TO PUT ON SOME LIPSTICK AND PUT 
YOUR LIP IMPRINTS ON THE LETTER. ALSO SMEAR SOME OF YOUR CUM ON IT. I 
WANT TO SMELL YOU BABY.
TO BE CONTINUED..........

--

