Karate Kids
 
It was a steamy day in Western Pennsylvania, the thermometer 
was approaching the 98 degree mark. The humidity was 
almost unbearable. People were sweating bucketful's in air- 
conditioned buildings. As an assistant Karate instructor I was 
in charge of teaching the children's class. The boys in this 
class ranged in age from eight to sixteen. If any injuries 
occurred during the session, I was required to do the 
necessary first aide.
 
On that day we had a relatively light work-out because of the 
weather conditions. The kids came from all walks of life, there 
were sons of Doctors, Lawyers, Steelworkers, and kids from 
single parent homes. Boys of that age are clumsy, therefore 
Karate, which requires aloft of balance, is very difficult for 
them to learn.
 
During the session the kids were in an aggressive mood, 
mostly because the regular instructor went to Florida with his 
wife and two children. While I was helping one of the boys. 
Jason, one of the higher ranking belts, began to kick Dave in 
the back as hard as he could. Before I could break up the 
skirmish, Jason had knocked Dave to the ground. Dave was in 
tears, and was holding his back. I calmed him down and told 
him to sit out the rest of the day. 
 
After that incident all the other boys calmed down and went 
through their drills without any other problems. When the kids 
were done with their showers I began mine. About 20 minutes 
later I noticed Dave and Jason sitting talking. It turned out that 
Dave had told Jason that his parents didn't allow Jason to 
come to stay the night any more because of their age 
difference. Jason is fifteen, and Dave twelve. They sat and 
watched me until I was finished my shower.
 
When I was heading out of the shower, Jason asked if Dave 
and him could join me. There has been a long standing rule 
against that, but since there was nobody else there I said yes.
 
After we stripped off our sweat-filled uniforms, I noticed that 
Jason was starring at Dave's crotch. Dave had a nice body. I 
could tell that he just hit puberty. He had a very light 
sprinkling of hair just above his small pink penis. Jason just 
kept starring at his beautiful hairless ass. By this time Jason 
had a full erection. I've never seen anything so hard in my life. 
I thought that if he were to touch it, it would break in half. 
Jason's cock was gorgeous. It was about 5-1/2 inches long, 
and his balls were small and drawn up close. He had a good 
bit of pubic hair for his age. By this time my dick was 
beginning to get hard. I didn't want the boys to notice, so I 
rinsed off and went into the office to get dressed. The boys 
were in there for a few more minutes and then Jason knocked 
at the door to say good-bye. I was wondering where Dave was 
because they usually leave together. I went back into the locker 
room. To my surprise there was Dave standing there naked 
holding his dick in one hand, and his back with the other. I 
ask him what was wrong and he said "My back is killing me, 
could you please help me." I told him to spread a towel on the 
bench and lay down on his stomach and try to relax.
 
As he was laying there, with his smooth ass sticking slightly 
up in the air, my cock began to get as hard as Jason's was 
earlier. When he laid down I asked him exactly where it hurt. 
He reached around his naked body and pointed to the area just 
above his crack. He the said that the pain was shooting down 
in to both cheeks of his butt. 
 
"I am going to give you a massage. When you want me to 
stop, tell me," I told the boy. He said "No problem sir." I 
went back to my office and got the baby oil out of the closet. 
Heading back to the locker room, my dick began to throb. Just 
visualizing Dave's naked body on the bench made pre-cum 
form at the tip of my rod. 
 
Once back in the locker room I put baby oil on my hands, and 
started to rub Dave's shoulders. His skin was as smooth as 
Velvet, not a blemish could be found on his young body. As I 
went closer to his well shaped ass, I could fell the tenseness 
leave his body. My penis was ripping a hole in my pants. It 
was trying to escape the confines of my tight bikinis. I was 
anticipating touching that smooth, muscular ass.
 
As I begin kneading Dave's ass, he lifted up off of the bench 
to expose his perfectly shaped anus. I applied oil to both of my 
hands, and began to rub both cheeks. Dave went into a frenzy. 
He told me to rub harder because the pain was beginning let 
up. I rubbed harder. He told me to rub the hole, saying that the 
pain was there. When I caressed the outside of his hole, he 
told me to stick a finger inside of him. 
 
Wild thoughts started to run through my mind. I didn't want to 
hurt him so I inserted it gently. Before I could get past the first 
knuckle he was eagerly thrusting his hips backwards, and 
moaning how good it felt. He told me to strip down so he 
could see what I had hanging between my legs.
 
As I stripped, he stroked my throbbing tool. He was 
fascinated with the hair I had on my balls. Then in one gulp, 
he had me inside of his mouth, his tongue exploring the piss 
slit on the end of my dick. Stopping for a minute, he said 
"Why don't we get into a sixty-nine?" 
 
I said that sounds like fun. We adjusted our positions , and I 
eagerly went down on his little hard cock. By this time he had 
already made me cum. His balls were slapping against my 
chin. His legs straddled my head, and his probing fingers 
were up in my asshole. His legs began to get stiff, and his 
thrusting motion had a quickening pace. I couldn't wait to taste 
his hot, creamy boy-cum. 
 
Reaching back, he grabbed my hand and inserted my finger 
into his tight anal opening. As soon as I got my finger inside 
of him, he shot a huge load of jizz into my mouth. I couldn't 
believe how rich and creamy it tasted. His explosion almost 
took the back of my head off. 
 
As we laid there caressing each other, the door flew open, and 
in walked Jason. He looked as if he wanted to cry. No words 
were spoken, he just glared at both of us. Dave and I got 
dressed quickly, as Jason watched us. After a few more 
minutes of silence, he asked, "Why didn't you guys invite me 
to this training session?" Dave and I looked at each other in 
total disbelief, as we walked out the door to go home.
 
The next couple of weeks went by and nothing was said about 
what took place in the locker room. Finally Jason was having 
difficulties learning a new self-defense technique. Since I 
didn't have a lot of time to go over it with him in class, I told 
him to come over to my house and we would work on it then. 
 
Jason showed up at my house the following Saturday. He was 
a good kid. His father walked out on the family about a year-
ago because he couldn't handle the pressure of having another 
baby. Jason never quite got over the fact that he wouldn't see 
his father again. When I stepped into the picture, my little 
brother had been killed by a drunk driver a few months before, 
so we filled each other's voids.  
 
When Jason finally got a grip on the technique we decided to 
have lunch and talk. During the conversation Jason brought up 
what he see in the locker room a few weeks ago. He asked me 
if I enjoyed it ,and wanted to know what Dave's sperm tasted 
like. I asked him if he and Dave ever messed around. 
 
He replied "We only wrestled around in bed a few times". I 
asked him if they ever touched each others penises. He said 
"Only once. We wrestle with no clothes on. That's why 
Dave's mom won't let me go over there any more, because she 
walked in on us the last time I stayed over."
 
Jason told me that he was very curious what it was like to have 
another persons cock in your mouth, especially at the same 
time. I ask him if he wanted to try it out after we were done 
eating.
 
He calmly replied "I thought you'd never ask." We finished 
our sandwiches, and went into the bedroom. He ask me to 
take off his clothes, and that he would do the same for me. As 
I stripped off his clothes I could feel my dick beginning to get 
hard. 
 
Here I was with this sensational looking fifteen-year-old kid 
with no clothes on ,right in front of me! When I removed his 
underwear, his penis flopped out and almost hit me in the face. 
What a nice piece of meat he had hanging. His whole body 
was smooth. His dick was about five and a half or six inches 
long. His balls had a little bit of blond hair on them. They 
were drawn up close to his body. 
 
His ass was smooth, his anus hairless, pink, and tight to the 
touch. His little nipples became hard at touch and, he had no 
facial hair yet. He was becoming into a great looking guy.
 
As we crawled into bed, his hands were all over my body. His 
fingers were probing every one of my orifices. His tongue 
was twisting and turning around mine. He immediately buried 
his face in my groin, beginning to massage my balls with one 
hand, and stroke my asshole with the other. 
 
I was in a heated frenzy. I didn't know which way to turn. I 
rolled him off of me and began to rub his back. I moved 
slowly down to his perfectly shaped ass. It was so smooth and 
flawless, beyond imagination. He was breathing heavily by 
this time, shouting "Lick my ass out".  
 
I began to eat the beautiful boy's butt like there was no 
tomorrow. His little ass tasted good in my hot mouth.  Up and 
down his crack my tongue went, not missing any of the little 
crevices of his young body. 
 
I reached around to his cock. It was smooth, sticky pre-cum 
forming at the head. He almost took my head off when he 
swung his legs over and told me to eat his dick. I was in total 
ecstasy, feeling that young tool being thrust in and out of my 
mouth.
 
His balls were slapping me in the face. He crammed my finger 
up his butt hole. His moans were increasing in rapidity. I 
knew what was going to happen soon. Then with one final 
thrust, he sank his penis down my throat and came.
 
His jizm was even sweeter than Dave's. He pulled my head 
away from his ,still hard cock and went down on me. He 
worked feverishly. I was ready to cum even before he smooth 
lips touched my dick. I exploded into his mouth, he 
swallowed every drop of my juice. Afterwards we cuddled, 
enjoying each other's company. 
 
Needless to say he spent the night, and many more nights after 
that. Even to this day we still meet when he comes home from 
college on breaks. 
 
He's now 20-years-old, and is more gorgeous than ever. Our 
relationship will never end. Dave moved to Montana, and I 
haven't heard from him in three years, but he will always be in 
my dreams and heart.
