Archive-name: Casual/karena.txt
Archive-author: Greg
Archive-title: Karen


I knocked on her door.  I saw her walk down the passage through the
glass front door.  She opened it and smiled, "come in Greg" she said.
I entered and closed the door.  I followed her down the passage to
the lounge room.  The place was a mess as usual.  The TV was on, and
it was about 2 in the afternoon.  I sat on the lounge facing directly
in front of the TV and she sat on the chair to my right.  My seat was
warm.

"How have you been Greg?"
"Fine, and yourself?"
"Not bad, how's study?"
"Ok, I'm dreading the exam results though..."
"Yes, me too."
"I feel bad about one especially."
"Oh, which one?"
"I think I'm gonna fail..."  I started to cry.  This was my final year
and I didn't want to repeat any more topics.

I wasn't crying that much, when I said: "I need some reasurance..."
and with a doubting voice added: "could you hold me for a while?"
"Sure."
And over she came and sat down becide me.  She put her arms
around me and we cuddled for a moment.  It make me feel better.

Now, I am really attracted to Karen.  She is really what I'm looking
for in a woman.  Blonde hair, blue eyes, and a gorgeous figure with
shapely hips.  She was fit too.  I bet those hips could really put
out.  And she has joked about that in the past as well, though not
as crudely as I have just put it.

I was assured in less than 2 seconds of her saying "sure".  The hug
sort of turned me on.  I had a hardon.

As we broke, she placed her hand on my pants to get balance and felt
something.

"Oo, what's that?"
"Oh, sorry Karen, you gave me an erection with that hug."  I was
embarrased as hell.

"Can I see?"
"What the..."  Now, I was shocked!!  Karen has never mentioned this
sort of thing to me in the past.  In fact, she cringes at the sight
of a males' private parts saying that they spoil the illusion (she
attends Man Power night's every chance she gets).

"Come on... show me."
"Ok, ok, hang on."

I couldn't believe what I was doing, but I unziped my fly anyway.

Out it came.  Just a little droopy, but still in good condition.
Before i could lift my head to look at her face, she dove for it!
I removed my hand from the base, and she swolled it whole.

"Jesus, what is she doing" I thought.  "God, Greg, just go with the
flow, after all, it's what you've always wanted, right?"

She put pressure on my penis and began to move her head up and down.
Down and up she went.  Her toungue giving it a good lashing.  She
removed her head and gave it a good pull with a tight grip.  Oh, how
I wanted to fuck her badly.  She then coated it with saliva and I was
reaching the point of no return.  Faster and faser she moved her head.
I groaned and groaned.  I was about to come when she lifted her head
and I came all over my stomach.  Streams and streams came out, like I
have never seen before.

"Why did you do that?"
"No reason.  I just did."
"Shit, now I'll have to wash it off.  Can I use your shower please, it
went everywhere?"
"Sure, go right ahead."

She had a smug look on her face as I took off my jumper and T-shirt.
I removed my shoes carefully not alowing any cum to get on my clean
jeans.  I took off my jeans as I walked into the kitchen and on to the
bathroom.  I turned on the shower and removed my undies.

"Jesus, what a mess.  God, why couldn't she have done this properly?"

The water washed the cum easily away.

"Karen, I'm just gonna take a proper shower, ok?"
"Ok" she said, her voice seamed like she was close.

I washed my hair and started on my lower body.  Legs, arms, chest.  There,
done.  The hot water had made me horny again, but I remembered what
happened the last time, so it was fading.

"Oh, not again" I said.
"What?" cried Karen as she flung back the shower curtain fully naked.
Before I could answer, she was in the shower and had pushed me up
against the back wall.  She lowered her body just a few inches and held
my dick up and pushed her stomach against it, rubbing a little.  I
embraced her, knowing what would come next.  She put her arms around
my neck and locked her legs around my waist still holding her stomach
tight against mine with my throbing cock between us.  We kissed.  I
moved the shower rose towards us, kepping the heat up and then I
turned around and pushed her up aginst the wall.  I moved down and
rubbed my dick up and down her slowly.  This continued for a few
minutes, then I said: "It's time, I want to fuck you."  She nodded,
"I'm ready, fuck me now."

I entered her.  I could feel the satisfaction building.  She maoned,
I groaned.  We wanted more.

I decided on a better, more natural and comfortable position.  After
all, the shower was a bit awkard.  I thought of the bath tub.  But
that was really small and I was a big boy as I thrusted once more.
"Quickly, the mat!" I exclaimed.  Still inside her, we moved outside
of the shower, her legs still holding firm.  I gently layed us down,
and we continued.  She released her legs and arms and grabbed hold
of the corner of the bath with her right arm and the wash basin
drain pipe with her left.  Her legs we flat on the floor and spread
apart.  I wanted to fuck her right over to the other side of the house,
but she held firm.  Thrust after thrust, I could feel the sperm bulding.
Finally, I unleashed my load into her continuing for a long as I could
afterwards.  She orgasmed just after I did.  Oh, that did feel good.
I've been wanting to do something like that to Karen for ages.  Finally,
I had my reward, for it was fantastic.

We steped into the shower to wash the sweat off.  Towelled off, and went
into the lounge where the gas space heater had been turned on.
We sat in the lounge facing the TV as I did before and she layed in
my arms.  I was in heaven.

We fell asleep for almost 2 hours, not suprising after the sensious
exercise before hand.  I awoke with a smile on my face and a hard no
on my dick.  She could feel it too as she was resting her head on my
lower stomach.  She must have seen it through the gap in the
shower robe I was wearing, after all, it was her's.

She reached out for it and grabbed it.  She then got up and led me to
middle of the floor about 6 feet from the heater, but still on the rug.
"Again!" she said, "I want to do it again."
Without ANY hesitation I replied, "Yes!!".
She let go and I undid my robe.  She did the same, but erotically.
Under the robe, she moved one knee infront of the other and tilted her
hips.  She put her hands on her hips and let the robe drop slowly.
"I don't deserve this" I said to myself, by my man hood had other ideas.

She then kicked the robe back out of the way and dropped to the floor.
She got up on all fours and turned aound, exposing her arse to me.
Boy, this was a great arse, a little bigger than ususal, but I didn't
care, more to hang onto.

I dropped to the floor onto all fours as well.  I doggied on over to
her and came up slowly from behind.  Her back arched with my intensions.
I stuck my toungue out and proceeded to lick her from the top of her
crack, all along her spine, to the nape of her neck.  She shivered.
My cock grew harder with every lick, as when I neared her neck, it touched
her arse, but I didn't want to go there, just a little lower was my
intension.

I moved my toungue toward her left breast.  Then, back up and over to the
other.  She shivered even more.  So did I with anticipation.

It was time.  I drew my toungue back and as I straightened up, I slid my
hands along side her body, from her breasts along her rib cage towards her
hips and finally to her arse.  I then rubbed it in a clockwise direction
once, and proceeded to guide my cock into her wet pusy.

I held her hips and gently slid it in.  Not all the way, we had to get
used to the new position.  Out and in, in and out, slowly, until we had
the motion down pat.  Then I stepped up the motion.  Faster and faster I
thrusted into her cunt.  Using my hands to really work her thighs up
against mine.  The pounding of flesh really turned us on.  We could have
done this for ages.  Finally, mutual orgasm was iminient.  We both
cummed like we never cummed before.  Still fighting for pleasure, I,
again, continued for as long as I could, giving as much pleasure to my
partner as possible.  I think I succeded.  The pace eased and we broke.

--
