A WIFES INTRODUCTION INTO SWINGING 
               The Beginning....

(Parts of the following multi-chapter story are true, and other parts
are merely fantasy)

     To start with, are names are, well, lets just say John and Karen.
We are happily married (10 yrs.), white, and both of us are 26 years
old. 
     Before I go any further, I'll tell you a little about my wife and
I - especially my wife. Karen is what can only be described as a very
petite brunette. At just under 5', she weighs 103 lbs., has a 34-25-34
figure and has the deepest, darkest blue eyes you've ever seen. Even
though her breasts are quite small, I've got to tell you, her legs more
than make up for her "itty-bitty" tits. If it sounds like I'm bragging,
I am. Karen's legs are as smooth as silk, and despite her being short,
her legs never fail to catch a guy's eye. They are super shapely all
the way up from her small feet & ankles, up her smooth calves & firm
thighs, all the way to her lovely rounded ass. Anyway, as far as sex is
concerned, she absolutely loves anything sexually related, and is very
uninhibited when aroused. I feel extremely lucky in that we fully
understand each others sexual desires. We're both straight, consider
ourselves attractive, sincere, honest, & most important, we love almost
anything & everything when it comes to sex.
     Before I get into the heart of our experiences, I think it would
benefit you to get a "taste" of what we were like before we were
married. So the following is one incident in particular... that in a
way is directly related to our lifestyle.
     Years ago, while we were still dating, someone told Karen that I
had slept with a girl friend of hers. I had been with her girlfriend,
but we did nothing more than some heavy petting. I told her that, and
she didn't believe me, nor would she wouldn't accept my apology. She
finally added that she'd return the favor one day. Well, a month or so
went by and I never heard any rumors floating around so I figured she
forgot about the whole incident.
     Well, one week-night, I and two other guys were out drinking beer
and cruising, and we saw a mutual friend's van parked in a remote
parking lot. Sneaking up on him, it was apparent what was happening
inside, so we crept up to the back door. One of the guys grabbed the
door handle, and it was un-locked. So on the count of three we yelled
and whipped the door open. There was our friend with his pants down
around his ankles, and he was pumping between the legs of some girl we
couldn't see. Shocked out of their wits, both of them jumped. Then...
we saw who the girl was; it was Karen. She was buck naked, and with her
legs still spread wide, her red pussy was highly visible even in he dim
light. Well, after an exchange of a few words, I knew that she'd had a
few drinks. Finally she said something about her getting me back. Well,
being young and semi-drunk (not to mention feeling sorry for myself), I
told her something along the line of she could do anything she wanted
too... "I didn't give a fuck who she screwed." She could fuck anybody
she wanted too, I didn't care. I figured I'd set her to thinking, but I
was due for the surprise! I was stunned as she simply informed me that
she would, and grabbing our friend that was fucking her she literally
pulled him back between her legs. She and I continued to exchange
words as she did her best to get this confused guy's cock back inside
of her. During our arguing, he'd gone completely limp and his rubber
was barely clinging to his soft cock. As she jacked life back into his
tool, I called her a slut, and she called me everything she could
think of. I told her she'd fuck anything that had a cock, and all she
did was smile back and say she sure would. This made me furious! So on
the spur of the moment I looked at the two guys I was with and told
them that she was obviously an easy piece of fuck meat, and that if
they wanted a quick fuck, this was their chance. (From the very start,
they hadn't said a word. Instead, they had simply been staring at
Karen's tits & pussy). Karen spoke up, and without the least bit of
hesitation she invited them in and told them to lock the door.
     Some kind of friends I had. Obviously the opportunity for them to
have sex, even with a good friends girl, was thicker than friendship.
Seconds later I found myself locked out. And in less than a minute, all
I saw was a continually rocking van. Finally I'd seen all I wanted, so
I yelled I was leaving, and that they could get a ride home with
someone else.
      Needless to say, what happened was soon running along the
grapevine at school, and as with other stories, it got exaggerated to
the max. Soon I was hearing that Karen had fucked 10 or 15 more guys
since that night. (It wasn't until later that I found out that rumor
was false). Nevertheless, she was always being hit up on, and guys were
always talking about their "experiences" with her. Through all of this,
I know it may be hard to believe but we once again got back together,
and continued dating for the remainder of our senior year. Within a
week of our graduation, we even got engaged!
     Then came graduation night. About 3 a.m., everybody started
leaving the dance, and Karen and I ended up talking with a mutual
friend of ours. He was one of the guys that was along with me on the
night that I caught Karen in the van, and... it goes without saying
that he fucked Karen that night. Anyway, he was leaving in a few days
to go to go into the Navy, so we suggested driving around until we had
to be at the Grad. breakfast at 7:00.
     We drove around, laughing and talking, and drinking some beer &
wine I'd smuggled out of the house - whew... what stomachs we had then!
Anyway, I turned a corner and we passed by the same parking lot that
the incident happened in several months before. A few comments were
made about it, and soon we were laughing about how crazy the whole
thing turned out to be. However, Rick said something to Karen that she
and I still remember today. He made us promise not to tell anyone but
that night was his first time! He continued by saying that he'd always
remember losing his cherry to Karen, and the only regret he had was
that he wished that it could have lasted longer and had been more
"intimate." Instead of the quick bang that it was, he wished that he
could have had the chance to make love to her instead of just fuck her.
With that, both of them hugged each other and then Karen asked me if it
would be alright if she kissed him. Hell, he'd already been between her
legs so I nodded yes. Well their lips met, and for the first time in my
life, I discovered the faint voyeur deep inside me. I simply stared as
Karen and Rick kissed each other with passion. I had no idea how long
it would last, but they kept it up for what seemed like several
minutes. Then... very innocently, Rick slid his hand down her side, and
ever so slightly he moved it around until he had his palm on what I
could only guess was the side of her left tit. He gently began to
"push", feeling her breast as best as he could. To this day, I don't
know what snapped inside me, but I reached over and grabbed his hand.
But instead of pulling it away from her, I placed it directly over her
breast. Both of them stopped for a moment as he gently squeezed her
tit, and then they were back to kissing again. Rick took the next step
as he quickly slipped his hand in the under the low-cut neckline of
Karen's dress and cupped her bare breast with his warm hand. Karen
moaned as he found it, and as they continued to kiss, both of them
began to "squirm" in the seat. I suddenly realized that I was FULLY
aroused, and turning the car around I whipped up into the same parking
lot we had been in months before. As I killed the engine, I turned to
see that they were just as I had last seen them except that Rick had
pulled the hem of Karen's formal up over her knee, and he was rubbing
her hose clad leg. The voyeur in me was now even more present than
ever. So, I again helped him out by pulling her dress up higher, until
he had full access to her young... smooth 17 year old legs. It soon
became obvious that he was as HOT as I was. He went for paydirt and
slid his hand up between her thighs, and began to rub her panty covered
pussy with his fingers. This stopped Karen in mid-kiss, and with a
heavy moan she tried to pull his hand from her crotch. I stopped her
from doing it, and when she looked at me I told her to sit back and
enjoy. With a combined look of ecstasy and confusion on her face, she
closed her eyes and leaned back. Looking at Rick, his eyes were fixed
on Karen's pussy and I knew he wanted to see it. But even more-so, I
actually WANTED him to see it. So I slipped karen's body down in the
seat, and following my cues, Rick and I grabbed the elastic bands of
her white pantyhose and panties and we pulled them down until they were
bunched up around her ankles. Now with nothing in the way, Rick once
again started to massage Karen's pussy. But this time... his fingers
were touching her bare flower. Karen's body jerked in the seat as he
rubbed her clit and worked his fingers all over and into her sweet
pussy. For some reason, I couldn't resist kissing her, so I leaned over
and planted my lips on hers. She eagerly opened her mouth for my
tongue, and as I kissed her she moaned as Rick's fingers sent waves of
pleasure through her entire body. My voyeuristic side was fully out of
the closet, and in full bloom; my cock was as hard as solid steel. I
also knew at that very second there wasn't anything in the world that I
wanted more than to see Rick fuck Karen right then and there.
Separating my lips from hers, I moved to her ear & whispered "How bout'
giving Rick a going away present... I want you to let him fuck you."
     Well, my wish was soon to be fulfilled, as a few minutes later
Rick and Karen moved into the back seat and the both of them took up
where they'd left off. They were what could only be described as
"super-ultra" horny. As they deep frenched each other, they couldn't
keep their hands off each others body. Finally they both decided that
they'd had enough foreplay and they got down to business. Karen
finished taking her pantyhose and panties off, and elected to keep her
dress on since it was so hard to put on. So while Rick unbuckled his
pants, she whipped her dress up over her waist, and spreading her legs,
she smiled and asked to Rick, "Does this look familiar?" All Rick
could do was moan as he unleashed his cock, and it was already rock
hard. Karen reached out and grabbed it, and after stroking it a few
times she sat up and gently sucked his hard cock into her mouth.
     I couldn't take it anymore. I had to let my cock loose. Quietly I
got my tool out, and as she deep-throated the entire length of Rick's
cock, I beat my meat as fast as I could. A few minutes later Rick
stopped her, and laying her back down he said he just had to fuck her.
Reaching into his pants he pulled a rubber out of his wallet (can you
believe it!), and as he was tearing the packet open, I said "Wait." For
several months, Karen & I had been practicing the rhythm method, and
during the safe part of her cycle she was letting me cum in her. I knew
that she was in that part of her period and I said, "How about letting
him fuck you without one of those."
     "I was just about to say the same thing." she said.
     Rick's eyes lit up, and he said, "You mean it..." Karen nodded to
him, and he practically fell between her legs.
     She directed his throbbing cock to the entrance of her pussy, and
after gaining entry, he sank his tool into her cunt to the hilt. They
moaned in unison, but I thought Rick was going to faint. He said that
he never dreamed that a pussy could feel as good as Karens'. For a
moment they simply laid silent, feeling the intimate union of their
sex.
     Seconds later, Rick's ass was going up and down as he pumped his
cock in and out of Karen's tight pussy. I would have given anything if
the light could have been better so that I could have seen his cock,
all shiny with her juices, going in and out of her pussy. But, the
light from a nearby utility pole was good enough to see enough of the
action! As they continued to couple, Karen inter-twined her legs with
his furry legs as she bucked her hips upwards to meet his thrusts. This
went on for several minutes until Karen started to whimper and it was
apparent that she was on the verge of having an orgasm. Rick began to
pump her harder and harder until she broke into a vocal orgasm that
rattled the car windows. Moving her legs up over his ass, she pulled
him even deeper into her... trying to get every ounce of satisfaction
out of his cock that she could. As Rick thrusted her deeper and deeper
into ecstasy, I beat my meat faster and faster, listening to her scream
from the pleasure she was receiving from his cock. Much to her dislike
I'm sure, her orgasm began to subside but Rick kept on pounding her
like there was no tomorrow. I began to feel an eminent orgasm of my own
building, and I intensified my thoughts on what was happening in front
of my eyes. As I watched Rick fucking my soon to be wife, I could feel
my cum begin to boil, and I knew it would only be a matter of seconds
before my hand would be covered with jism. Suddenly Rick grunted, "I'm
gonna cum!!!".
     Everything seemed to happen at once, and so fast. Rick reached
underneath Karen, and with an ass cheek in each of his hands, he pulled
her mid-section up to meet his thrusts. He gouged his cock into her one
last time, and then he held it deep inside her... completely
motionless.
     Then Rick's ass flinched, and at the same time the car echoed with
a LOUD grunt. I almost jerked my cock off my body, as I sat and watched
Rick pump his seed deep inside Karen's body. With each of Rick's
throaty grunts, I knew that Karen's pussy was at that very moment
tasting his rich creamy sperm. With that realization, I too hit the
point of no return. I swear the first shot of my cum had to have hit
the head-liner of the car as I emptied my nuts all over the front seat.
     As the last bit of cum bubbled out of my cock, Rick was still
using Karen's pussy to milk his cock, keeping it buried deep inside
her, pumping more and more of his musky sperm deep into her belly.
     Suddenly, everything was quickly interrupted as car lights hit the
back windshield. I looked behind us, and a cop car had pulled into the
parking lot and was headed our way. Quickly, I announced of our company
and the two of them straightened themselves up as best as they could.
All Karen had to do was pull her dress down, but Rick and I both had to
struggle to get our cocks back in our pants and our flys up. After
going through the usual cop spill, he told us to leave, and that was
the end of that.
     Well, back at the school, the first chance I got I took Karen by
the arm, and started to lead her down one of the dark hallways.
     "Where are we going?"  "You'll see." I said.
     I led her down a dark hallway, up the stairs and into a vacant
classroom. The sun was just coming up, and we moved over by the
windows. I sat her on a desk, and then I pulled her dress up higher and
higher until it was up around her waist. I knew she hadn't put her hose
or panties back on, and the morning sunlight lit up her dark brunette
pussy hair like a spotlight. And surrounding the opening to her cunt
was a sight I still remember today. Clinging to the pubic hair all
around her pussy were several small dots of Rick's cum. It looked like
her black pubic hair was adorned with small opaque pearls. For some
reason, I wanted to see more... see more of what Rick left in her. So I
spread her pussy lips apart, but there was no cum to see... just the
beautiful red lining to Karen's tight pussy. 
     "You like what you see?" she asked.
     "Oh Baby... you've got a gorgeous pussy... especially after it's
been fucked. I only wish I could see some of Rick's cum inside you."
     "You'd like that?" she asked.
     "Uh huh..." I moaned as I rubbed his sticky juice off her cunt
hair onto her pussy lips.
     Lying down on the desk, she said, "Watch this", and then she
tightened her cunt muscles. From somewhere deep inside her, a small
portion of white goo oozed out of her, and collected at the entrance to
her pussy.
     "Ohhh Baby... there it is... you've still got his cum inside
you... Mmm, it looks so fuckin' good.."
     "You really like that... I mean, does that turn you on?" she
quizzed.
     "Mmmmm." I moaned.
     I was SO horny at that point, there was only one thing on my
mind... and that was fucking her cum sloppy cunt. Sitting her back up,
I quickly pulled my pants down and showed her my rock solid cock and
all she did was smile and pull me between her legs. Grabbing my hard
cock in her hand, she pulled it close to her until it was touching her
pussy. I rubbed the my cock against the entrance to her cunt, and doing
so I covered the tip off of my tool with Rick's slippery cum. Karen
pulled me closer to her and I felt an inch or so of my cock slip inside
of her. Rick's sperm made a great lube as I slowly pushed all I had
into her. As I entered her to the hilt, I became aware of a totally new
sensation. Her pussy felt... well what can I say. It was "different". I
could feel the head of my tool nestled up against the end of her pussy,
but I couldn't seem to feel the sides of her pussy on my cock. There
was just a dull, loose sensation on the tip of my cock. And when I
pulled my cock back out I saw why. In the dim light I could see that
the tip of my cock was coated with a thin layer of Rick's white jism. I
pushed my cock back inside her, and as my cock once again bottomed out
inside her pussy, I realized what the very tip of my cock was feeling.
Karen's pussy had "maintained" a literal pool of Rick's jism as it was
puddled up against the end of her pussy. At that very second (as odd
as it may sound), in my mind - Karen's pussy seemed to have come to
life. And with it's "new" life, I felt that it had a distinct
personality. And one trait in particular seemed to stand out
pmominently... greed. Even after two full hours, her stingy pussy was
still... well in an appropriate sense, fulfilling it's obligation to
nature very, VERY WELL! The walls of her cunt had kept Rick's juices
deep up inside her body, where her tender young womanhood was keeping
his sperm, warm... fresh, and protected.
     That was the very first time I ever fucked Karen in another man's
cum, and I loved every second of it. As we fucked, my hard cock soon
became lathered with Rick's cum. It was a super sensation I still
remember today. I don't know why, but from that point forward I knew I
was going to be hooked on "sloppy seconds." Not only was it the
physical sensation, but there was the psychological side as well. Just
the very thought of my knowing that another guy's jism was inside
Karen's pussy was enough to almost send me into unconsciousness.
     Totally lost in the feeling, my mouth went amuck and I began to
express to Karen what I was thinking and feeling. I don't remember my
exact words, but I do remember telling her how good it felt to fuck her
when her pussy was filled with cum. Her response was that after we were
married she'd let me cum in her as many times as I'd like... basically
meaning I'd be fucking her in my own cum. That wasn't what I meant. I
then told her something that in all probability, was the start of our
swinging lifestyle. Just before I blew my load deep inside of her, I do
remember telling her, "No... I want to fuck you in other guy's cum!"
There wasn't any time for her to respond as I then added my portion of
sperm to what was left of Rick's, leaving her pussy dripping with runny
white goo.
     Every couple that swings had to start sometime, and in essence,
that very night was our beginning. Not only that, but that very night
set and reflected my sexual need of watching other men fuck my Karen.
     That last statement I told her came up a few nights later. We were
making out and Karen asked me if I remembered that night, and my
telling her that I wanted to fuck her after other guys had cum in her.
Well, at first I didn't know what to tell her, but after she prodded me
for an answer, I repeated that I did love the feeling of fucking her
when she was full of Rick's sperm. She then asked me if it I actually
wanted her to fuck Rick again, just so that I could take her
afterwards. Well, I was totally honest with her... and then some. I
said that would be great! But actually, I would love it if she would
let "other" men... not just Rick, fuck her. I even went one step
further by telling her that the ultimate turn-on would be for her to
let a complete stranger fuck her, and then my fucking her in his cum.
Well, for some reason that conversation stopped there at that point,
but from that night on, the "product"... so to say of that conversation
came to be, and it changed our lives.   

If you liked this, let me know. Leave a message for "Snooky" on Rusty &
Edie's BBS  216-726-2620. 
     Also, I'd love to hear your comments as to how you'd like the
story to go. Karen2 is finished, and Karen 3&4 are soon to follow. They
all will deal with her and black men, so got any ideas?
UPLOAD Chapter II Karen gets hooked on the "Black Experience"
*********************
* EROTIC FICTION BY *
*     "SNOOKY"      *
********************* 