 
Chapter II 
The story continues...

Karen gets hooked on the "Black Experience" 
 
   Three months later... 

   Finally the day arrived when Karen & I were married. We went to
Florida for our honeymoon, and after spending a week there we started
our way back home. Karen's 18th birthday was only a few days off, so we
decided to celebrate it early by staying the weekend in Dallas. 
     Anyway, we had just left a Restaurant in North Dallas, and on the
way back to the motel where we were staying, we saw a rather nice
looking club on one of the main thoroughfares, so we decided to stop
and get a drink. 
     We took a seat at the bar, and we weren't there for two minutes
before a guy came up and sat down beside Karen. Minutes later we were 
introduced, and talking about anything and everything. His name was
Larry, and he was from Louisiana on business. And like us, he was
thirsty and was there to get a drink. There isn't a whole lot I can
say about him. He was fairly attractive, in his mid to late 40's, and
about an average build. However, he was different in a marked sense...
he was black; and I do mean BLACK. He proceeded to tell us that every
time he came to Dallas, he'd always come to this bar because it had
always been lucky for him when it came to "getting lucky with the
ladies". 
     As we continued to talk, it wasn't hard to tell that liked what he
saw when he looked at Karen. Without reservation, he began to make
several comments pertaining to her looks and he started to give her
more and more attention. At first I didn't know what to think, seeing
this matured black man in all openness, "hitting up" on my newly wedded
wife. And as for Karen, it somewhat made her a little uncomfortable.
But with time and the drinks, I couldn't keep from noticing that she
was beginning to enjoy this extra attention. Seeing her become settled,
I too seemed to relax and consequently I didn't seem to mind what he
was doing. 
     Anyway, before long Karen said she had to go to the ladies room.
As she walked off, Larry's eyes followed her all the way. Without
taking his eyes off of her, he leaned over, and as blunt as a hammer he
said something that floored me. "Holy Fuck... that sweet little
woman's got legs all the way up to her shoulders. I'll bet she looks so
fuckin' good out of those tight jeans!  Mmmmm... that's one fine piece
of ass you got for yourself!"
     I was so shocked, I didn't know how to react to what he'd just
said. But, I must have had some look of approval on my face as he
continued, "And I'll just bet that fresh pussy of hers is as tight as a
vise aint' it!" 
     Still to stunned for words, I couldn't, and didn't know what to
say. I was totally numbed to hear a complete stranger making comments
like his about Karen: he didn't even know her and he talking about her
like she was an easy lay... a slut. 
     Slut... 
          Slut...
               Slut... 
     That word repeated over and over again in my ears. Then like an
electrical shock my brain was zapped as the significance of that word
took meaning. My memory was jolted back to a night several months
earlier. Karen and got off on the subject of our fantasies. To make a
long story short, Karen had one fantasy in particular that she was
afraid to tell me; she thought it would upset me or something. I
finally convinced her otherwise, and as she related her fantasy to me,
I acquired an immense hard-on. Basically her fantasy dealt with her
being an easy pick-up for any guy who wanted to fuck her. She then
reminded me of the night she banged my friends in the van, and when I
told her she would "fuck anybody"... well, I didn't have any idea that
I'd hit on this fantasy of hers. What all of this boiled down to was
that she loved being an "easy piece", or... a slut! After she told me
that, I can remember our fucking like rabbits; we were both so hot &
horny it was incredible. And as I recalled her fantasy, I looked at
Larry and, well... I wanted him to be part of Karen's fantasy. His
being black only added that much more to my lust & desire. Then my
logical side surfaced.
      "You can't actually allow this to happen!" I thought. "You really
don't want this black man to make love to your wife. You can't actually
be thinking about letting him be that intimate with Karen... she's your
wife... Larry would ruin her... her white womanhood would forever be
tainted by his black cock!"
     For a moment, I was torn between the two sides. But... my lust
was, and still is, the stronger side of me. I WANTED Larry to take
Karen, and fuck her anyway he pleased. And, I wanted Karen to be the
slut she had fantasized about being. 
     As I had my mind made up, I once again focused my attention
towards Larry. He was continuing to undress Karen with his eyes as she
entered the restroom. And as I saw him staring at her, I became aware
of something... something "stirring" in my jeans. I had the beginnings
of a steadily growing hard-on. I couldn't help it... the voyeur in me
had come to life, and was yearning to be satisfied. 
     Almost as if there was an invisible switch turned on inside of me,
the next thing I knew I was telling Larry all about Karen. And what I
told him wasn't about her hobbies. I quickly explained to him that he
was right; she did have a nice set of legs, and that her pussy was as
tight as a he would expect it to be on a 17 year old girl. And when he
heard that she was only 17, SHIT... his eyes lit up like a flashbulb!
     "You mean to tell me that she's only seventeen?" he asked. 
     "Uh-huh." 
     "Oh fuck man... I can't remember what a teenage pussy feels
like... " 
     Just then, both of us noticed Karen returning, and once again he
gave her body an intense stare. 
     "Mmmm.. I'd give anything to get between those smooth legs and
shove this old black dick o'mine up inside that tight cunt!" he added. 
     As he continued to stare at her, I boldly said, "Well... I
wouldn't object to you trying." 
     With a surprised look on his face he asked me, "Shit... you mean
you'd let me fuck your wife?" 
     "Well, just between you and me, I'd LOVE to see you fuck her...
but its gonna be up to you to see if you can get between her legs."   
About that time Karen had sat back down, and was quick to notice the
smiles on both mine and larry's faces. She asked what we were up to,
and almost in unison we responded, "Nothing..." 
     Well, Larry was quick to prove that he had been in situations like
this before as he bought us (specifically Karen) a few more drinks;
beer for me, and STRONG mixed drinks for Karen. "Booze-wise", she has
always had a high tolerance for alcohol... to a certain point. The
first effect it has on her is the same it has on everybody, it relaxes
her, and specifically lowers her "inhibition threshold". However, booze
has a "late-hit" effect on her too. Sooner or later she gets to the
point of, well how can I word it... "wanting to have a GOOD time".    
About a half hour later, Karen was already well on her way to feeling
VERY good, and Larry suggested that we leave... maybe find "some other
place" to go. So moments later, the three of us packed into the front
seat of our car and we went shopping for another club. And it was while
we were driving around in the car, "IT" all came together so to say. 
     The following string of events were so impulsive, and happened so
quickly, it seemed like it was all over with before I knew what had
happened. Magical isn't the word I'm looking for, but it seems to best
describe what happened that night. It was almost as if we were
hypnotized, as the very next day everything seemed like it had been a
dream. With all three of us in the front seat, Larry made it a point to
get right up next to Karen. And after a few miles or so, he "pretended"
to make himself more comfortable as he draped his hand over the top of
the seat. Every so often, he'd give Karen's shoulder a gentle squeeze,
or play with her hair. Nonetheless, it didn't seem to bother her a bit,
especially since was feeling quite good from all the drinks she'd had.
Within a few minutes we were having a good time, laughing, telling
smutty jokes, etc., and it seemed as if Larry's jokes always had
something to do with sex. As we continued to drive along, Larry got
more open and made more aggressive moves towards Karen. And not once...
at any time did Karen ever seem un-easy, so I thought I'd try to get
the ball rolling if you know what I mean. In a teasing way, I began to
razz Karen about her small tits. Her response to this was to boldly
push her chest out as far as she could. It was then very apparent to
both Larry and I just as to what Karen was feeling. The car was plenty
warm, but her nipples were super erect, and were straining at the soft
material of her blouse. As she displayed her pubescent looking tits,
she candidly asked Larry if he thought her tits were too small. He was
quick to tell her that they were "absolutely perfect". As she turned
and grinned at me, I was quick to say that they were indeed the perfect
size even though they were rather small. I then reached over, and
cupping her left tit in my hand, I gave it a gentle squeeze and said
"Yea... I guess they are just the right size... What do you think
Larry?". 
     In a split second, before Karen could do anything, Larry had
latched onto her other breast, and he was gently kneading her soft
flesh. 
     "Oh yeah.. their just like I said, perfect. And I'll bet they
look... and taste as good as they feel!", he said. For the first time,
Karen was quiet... looking at Larry's hand massaging her breast. But
most important, she wasn't protesting his advances. He was quick to
notice her reaction, so deciding the time was right he unbuttoned the
top of her blouse. His hand quickly disappeared underneath, and a
second later I knew he was massaging Karen's bare breast as her eyelids
fluttered, and she began to lightly moan. Not wanting to wait and see
if she was going to change her mind, Larry moved into "high" gear, as
he leaned over and placed his lips against Karen's. 
     Suddenly, I found myself staring at this strange black man, not
only massaging my wife's tits, but deep french kissing her at the same
time. At that very second... for some reason I realized that before the
night was over, Larry was going to see what a teenage pussy felt like,
and my wife's young womanhood was going to taste its very first black
cock. 
     Reaching over he grabbed one of Karen's hands, and coaxing her on
a bit he placed it in the crotch of his pants. From there, Karen knew
what to do as she gently began to massage his tool through his slacks.
Then the car interior resounded with a "click", as Larry unsnapped
Karen's jeans. The next sound was that of Larry working the zipper down
on her jeans. Glancing down, I could now see the bright white of
Karen's panties as they burned through her tan hose. Still holding his
lips against hers, Larry went for paydirt. Easing his hand under the
elastic bands of her hose & panties, he slowly began to inch his way
beneath the satiny nylon, until his whole hand was inside her panties.
A second later... he found my sweet Karen's pussy. And what did she do?
Well, as his fingers touched her flower, she simply squirmed in the
seat and her moaning became deeper and louder. From that point he
feverishly began to work his fingers all over and I'm sure "into" the
soft wet flesh of her pussy. Driving no where in particular, it was
hard for me to keep my eyes on the road as this went on for several
minutes or so. Then, for the first time their lips separated and I soon
found out why. Sometime during the course of all the action, Karen had
unzipped Larry's fly and in the grasp of her small hand was his hard
black cock. Without saying a word, she lowered her head into his lap to
suck his manhood. He stopped her for a second, and reaching over he
tugged and pulled on her tight jeans until they were down to about her
knees. Then taking up where she left off she bent over, and although I
couldn't see a thing, I knew from looking at Larry (and by listening to
him), that she was giving him one hell of a blow job. And as she worked
her mouth up and down on his hard shaft, Larry couldn't keep his hands
off of her. Keeping one hand under her blouse, his other hand was
rubbing as much of her ass and legs as he could reach. Pausing for a
second, Larry moved over next to the door and positioned Karen so that
she was somewhat lying on her side in the seat as she continued to suck
his cock. And OOHHH the sight before me! Every man has a peculiar
fetish, and mine has always been seeing a woman wearing panties and
pantyhose... not stockings. And right beside me in the seat, was just
that picture. I still remember the beautiful sight of Karen's panty
covered ass, and her smooth shiny pantyhose clad thighs. Just the
sight of that sheer tan nylon, stretched tightly over her legs and ass
was almost too much. Not withstanding the temptation, Karen soon felt
both mine and larry's hands all over her legs. It was short lived
however, as before long Larry pulled Karen's head out of his lap, and
said, "Oh.. stop... stop. I've just got to fuck that sweet little pussy
of yours... How about us sliding over into the back seat". 
     Now, for the first time, Karen paused... She turned to look at me,
and I could tell from the look on her face that she didn't know about
letting him fuck her. She opened her mouth to say something and I
interrupted her, "Oh come on babe.... I'd love to see him fuck you..."
     "But... I".
     Interrupting her again I added, "C'mon... remember that night a
few months ago.... Please babe... remember what we talked about? You
know, your... well your slut fantasy? Ohhh Baby, I want you to fulfill
it tonight... I'd love it so much".
     "You can't be serious... You really want me to?", she asked
     "For real babe... please!!" I pleaded.
     "You mean... it won't, you know... upset you... I mean I"
     Interrupting her I said, "Upset me!! Are you kidding... I'm
begging you to do it!"
     "But.. I... what if I do something that you don't"
     I again interrupted her saying "Trust me... you can do whatever
you want... I'll just watch, AND love every second of anything, and I
do mean anything you do!"
     Larry's was doing his best to follow our conversation but he
really didn't have any idea as to what we were so discussing. Almost in
a pleading voice he said, "What in the fuck are you two talking
about... I sure hope it includes me!"
     As quickly as I could, I told Larry about Karen's "slut" fantasy.
But now it was Karen's turn to interrupt me as she finished relating
her fantasy to Larry. And the more she told him, the more excited he
got. "FUCK!!... Lets do it!!", he yelled. There was a moment of
silence, as Karen had a look of deep concentration on her face.
     "Cmon babe.. I want it so bad, and I'll bet you do to.. don't
you.."
     "Well, yeah", she said with a slight grin.
     Larry then piped up, "You'll do it then? I tell you what... if you
really want to be a slut for a night... you just aint gonna find a guy
better than me to fulfill it for ya. I'll give you an evening you'll
never forget... just say yes little woman, and you'll never regret it!"
     "Well... Okay", she said.
     "OH YESS.." Larry yelled. "But, if you're hubby there don't mind,
well... I want you to be MY slut tonight... you know, do anything and
everything I ask you to do.. is that all-right?" I had no objections to
this at all and I told him so.
     He then looked at Karen as asked, "Now I want to hear it from
you... will you be mine tonight... my SLUT?".
     And... without the slightest bit of hesitation she turned... and
looking at him straight in the eye she said, "I'm yours.. I'm your
slut, to do with as you please...". Giving his hard cock a squeeze, she
continued, "Do you want me?".
     "FUCK YES", he screamed.
     In a flash, both of them were in the back seat. I couldn't believe
this was happening. Like two horny teenagers, they were in the back
seat in record time, where Larry quickly began to pull on Karen's tight
jeans. Seconds later they were off, and he draped them over the seat.
When I was able, I would take a quick glance into the back seat. With
each glance, I would see that he had removed a little more of her or
his clothing. By now I was TOTALLY confused and in a daze. I didn't
even know who I was much less where I was, but I knew I had to stop
somewhere before I had a wreck. Taking the first exit ramp I looked
for someplace "discreet", but there was no such place to be found.
Finally out of desperation, I found a spot that would just have to do
way out in the deserted part of a Grocery Store parking lot!!! As I
parked the car I caught a whiff of Karen's perfume as her pantyhose,
which I had been admiring on her smooth young legs, fell across the top
of the seat. Her panties then came flying over the seat and literally
fell into the palm of my hand. They were still warm, and the cotton
crotch was saturated with Karen's pussy juices. As I turned around,
Larry was in the process of removing his shirt. He had already finished
stripping Karen... she was completely nude, lying in the seat and
watching Larry as he undressed. And when he was finished, Karen did
something that literally took my breath away. Without any modesty at
all... and with an inviting look on her face, she slowly and
seductively spread her gorgeous legs apart for this perfect stranger.
Then placing her hand between her legs, she spread her pussy lips apart
as wide as she could, exposing the tender pink lining of her vagina to
him. At that very moment I felt as if my week old bride was nothing
more than a common... "cheap" slut. Not only did it seem so easy for
her, but it was hard for me to swallow the fact that she so EAGERLY
surrendered her womanhood to this strange black man. Just that simple
act sent chills through my body. Just as she had fantasized, she was
being the slut in her dreams. He quickly asked her if he needed to wear
protection, but Karen informed him that he didn't as she was in the
safe part of her period. With that question answered, Larry was quick
to accept what she was offering him as he immediately moved between her
smooth legs and laid down on top of her small body. For a few moments
they did nothing more than kiss. But all of the sudden, I heard Karen
take a deep breath and then moan. With that I knew that Larry had, in
essence, broken Karen's second virginity as the delicate lining of her
pussy got its first taste of a black cock. For a few moments, he held
his shaft rooted deep inside her, and the both of them relished the
feeling of their sexual union. 
     "OHHHHH FUCKKKKK... Ohhh baby, you've got one tight pussy...".
Smiling down at her, he continued, "Ohhh fuck... I just can't believe
this!". 
     "What?" she whispered.
     Grinning from ear to ear, Larry answered, "Oh Baby... I can't
believe I'm actually fucking you... This has got to be a dream. Me
fucking a 17 year old white girl, and one that's as so fuckin' good
lookin' as you are at that! Oh fuck baby... I just can't get over my
lying between your legs, and your letting this old black cock fuck your
sweet young pussy!" 
     Karen responded to his comments by smiling even more, and by
pulling his head to hers to kiss him. By that point, Larry was so
horny, a slow start was out of the question, as he immediately start to
fuck Karen like there was a fire between his legs. If anyone had been
close enough to our car, it wouldn't have taken them long to figure out
what was going on. As if he had a "mission" to fulfill, he continued to
slam his cock harder and harder into Karen's pussy without even pausing
for a second. I was quickly reminded of what had happened only months
before. I was in the same car, watching the same action, the only
difference being I was watching Karen being fucked not only by a
complete stranger, but a black man at that! Soon thereafter, the car
began to really rock as Larry began to positively pound himself into
her cunt. About that time, Karen dug her fingernails into Larry's back,
and throwing her head back against the seat, she literally screamed.
Then with a low-pitched throaty groan, she broke into long, deep, and
intense orgasm. All this did to Larry was prime him that much more.
Even though he slowed his pace down a bit, each time he'd thrust his
cock into her cunt, he hold it as deep inside her pussy as he could
for a few seconds, and then he'd gyrate his hips a bit. And Karen LOVED
it!! With her legs locked tightly around his ass, every time he'd
thrust, she would pull him deeper into her. At the same time she'd
rotate her hips upwards to meet his driving cock, allowing it to "dig"
it's way even deeper inside her belly. With her face contorted almost
in a look of pain, Karen worked her orgasm as best as she could,
grinding out every wave of pleasure. 
     Finally, her small body went limp. But as she attempted to relax,
Larry's body tensed up. While she was still lost in the aftermath of
her orgasm, Larry took to fucking her faster and harder, just as he had
only moments before. Suddenly his whole body shuddered as he too began
to cum. Grabbing her ass cheeks in each hand, he raised her hips off
the seat as he violently hammered his cock as deep as he could into my
wife's pussy. Then with a loud grunt... he began to cum. Grunt after
grunt, Larry pumped his creamy black sperm deep into Karen's white
pussy. Karen clawed at his back as she felt his cock erupting inside
her, and as he shot his cream deep into her pussy she screamed, "OH
BABY... OHHHHH LARRY!! I CAN FEEL IT... OHHH I CAN FEEL... FEEL YOUR
CUM GOING UP INSIDE ME!"
     Karen's comments simply added more heat to Larry's orgasm. Even
though his cock was already "bottomed-out" in Karen's pussy, he roughly
gouged his cock yet deeper into her as he pumped the remainder of his
seed deep into her belly.
     "OHHH BABY!!!... TAKE IT ALL... OHHH FUCKKKKK... OPEN UP FOR ME
BABY... LET ME PUMP YOUR PUSSY FULL... FULL OF CUM..."
     At last, Larry was spent, and he collapsed on top of Karen's body.
After a few moments, he once more took to fucking my wife. His cock
hadn't really started to soften that much, and he slowly began to
plunge his tool in and out of her pussy. My ears immediately picked up
on the sound... Oh FUCK!! It was the sound of a cock pumping a well
used, CUM-FILLED cunt! This was all I needed. I was primed to fuck
Karen, and feel her sloppy pussy grip my cock. But, my intentions were
delayed as Larry raised his head and said "Now we're ready to begin
your night baby... You're gonna be MY SLUT tonight... you and I are
gonna have a good time... a FUCKIN' GOOD TIME! You're gonna do things
you've only dreamed of, and then we're gonna find a nice warm bed to
cap things off! You ready?"
     For a moment, there was yet another period of silence, but then in
a small... exhausted voice Karen said "Uh-huh".
     "Well then... There are a few we need to do before we go have a
little fun." he said. Larry then instructed me to drive to an adult
bookstore/theatre he knew about. I was a bit disappointed in that I
didn't get to have my turn. But my curiosity of what Larry was
planning at the bookstore simply excited me more. I figured my turn to
fuck Karen would come sooner or later. 
     While I was driving, Larry asked Karen if she had any short
dresses or mini-skirts. Well, we still had our suitcases in the trunk,
and although Karen didn't have any minis, she did have a sexy blue
dress with a hemline of about mid-thigh. Stopping for a moment, I got
her dress, her make-up, and a pair of black high heels she'd packed.
As I drove along, Larry helped her dress, and finally the both of them
slipped back over into the front seat. Using the lighted visor mirror
Larry instructed her on how he wanted her to put on her make-up. When
she was finished, Larry asked me, "Well, what do ya think... is she one
hot lookin' slut or what?" 
     I looked at Karen, and she did look H-O-T. She didn't look like a
prostitute, but damn close. She had on just enough make-up to show that
she was... well... "easy". I'm sure she looked just like what she had
envisioned herself to look like in her fantasy... a real slut! Larry
then lifted her short dress up and asked, "What do ya think about
this?" Karen spread her legs apart, and I immediately saw what Larry
was pertaining to. Karen was wearing only her pantyhose no panties.
But, Larry had carefully torn out the cotton panel in her hose; my
wife's beautiful cunt was completely exposed.
     When we arrived, Larry "matter-of-factly" stated that he wanted to
walk in with Karen by himself. He said that since she was his for the
night, he wanted everyone there to think that she truly did belong to
him. By that point, Karen was so lost in her fantasy role, she loved
his idea. 
     So they started off together. I simply sat and watched them walk
side-by-side to the door of the bookstore. Once more, my cock started
to throb as I saw Larry rubbing my wife's ass as they walked to the
entrance. The door opened, and they disappeared inside.



If you liked this, let me know. Leave a message for "Snooky" on Rusty &
Edie's BBS  216-726-2620. 
     Also, I'd love to hear your comments as to how you'd like the
story to go. Karen 3&4 are soon to follow. They all will deal with her
love for being a slut and perhaps sex slave for black men, so got any
ideas?
Watch for Karen3
*********************
* EROTIC FICTION BY *
*     "SNOOKY"      *
********************* 

