Archive-name: 3plus/kartrain.txt
Archive-author: Aunt Peg
Archive-title: Pulling a Train


I was sitting in my living room one day in late April with three of my
girlfriends; Janet, Diane, and Karen.  It was late in the evening, and
while it might not seem all that unusual for four girls to be spending
an evening of talk together, it might seem so if I were to tell you that
we were all completely nude.

Our little group gets together like this at one of our homes about once
a month, and it might tell you a bit more about it if I were to tell
you that we were all Bisexual as well.  Our monthly party always starts
with all of us meeting for drinks at the house of the month.  We are
all dressed to kill, but that is not where it stops.  After a drink or
two it is time for the entertainment.  The hostess is supposed to get
things going, so it was my turn to take off my dress first, and then
the others follow suit.  We all try to outdo each other with the sexy
lingerie that we wear.  A few minutes of looking each other over fol-
lows this, and then the hostess has to do a striptease for the others.

By the time she, or me in this case, is nude, the others have started
getting quite close to each other.  The stripper then has to go around,
and use her oral talents on the other three pussies in the room.  Soon,
we are all quite nude, and a real Lesbian orgy follows.  We had just
finished that when our talking started this time.

"Men are really shit!," Karen said.  She is about five feet five inches
tall, with a 36C-25-36 body, and long, strawberry-blonde hair that has
never failed to turn me on.  She was the newest member of our group,
having joined soon after her divorce a few months before.  "What do you
mean?," I asked.  "Oh, Peg," she said, "I was just thinking of my ex-
husband.  I was a faithful wife to him for five years, and he kept tel-
ling me that he never even looked at another woman.  You know that I
caught him with the cunt I divorced him over, but now I find out that
she wasn't the only one.  He had a whole stable of little chippies that
he was doing, starting with a month after we got married.  I got the
house after we split, but I'd sure like to pay him back even more."

"How?," asked Janet, her blue eyes flashing as she got involved in the
conversation.  Janet was a little taller than Karen with blonde hair on
her head and pussy, and a body as good as any in the room.  "Why don't
you show him that you can fuck around too?," said Diane, who is only
five foot two, but with the fire of her red hair in her personality,
and a pair of tits topped by huge nipples that I just loved to suck on.
"Yeah!," said Karen.  "I'd like to do that.  I'd like to take on a big
bunch of men, and video-tape it to send to him.  He was always jealous
of other men even looking at me.  It'd drive him crazy"

"We could do that," Janet said.  "We could give a party with just the
four of us girls, and as many men as we could get.  You could Gang Bang
the lot of them, and I've even got a video camera to tape it with.
We could even use my house."  Janet laughed, thinking that she would
treat the suggestion as a joke, but Karen got thoughtful for a moment,
and then said, "Could we?  I mean I've always wanted to try that.  I'd do
it if the rest of you would be there too.  I wouldn't want to do it all
alone, but...  YES!  I'd do it.  What do you think?"

Part 2

The rest of us were a little surprised at her willingness to do it, but
after some talk, we all started to warm up to the idea.  We started to
lay plans for the Gang Bang, and it seemed like we just might be able
to pull it off.  We all had boyfriends who would definitely go for the
idea, and I had one, Bob, who had just been dying to get into Karen's
pants ever since he first met her.  The plan was for all of us to get
as many men as we could, and give a Gang Bang Party at Janet's house.
"When shall we have it?," Janet asked as the plans started to come to-
gether.  "Well," said Karen, "there's going to be fireworks, so what
better day to have it?  Let's do it on the Fourth of July!"

Janet lives in northern New Jersey, not far from New York City, and the
house is rather large with trees all around it, and an in-ground pool
out back.  We all met there at about ten in the morning on the appoin-
ted day to get things ready.  The guys would arrive at noon for lunch,
so we had some food to prepare, and a scene to set.  Diane and Karen set
to work in the kitchen while Janet and I went up to the master bed- room
to get things ready upstairs where most of the action would take place.

We stripped Janet's king-sized bed down to the mattress, and put on a
set of purple sheets that we had chosen for the occasion.  We would
not need the blankets, but we did fold a top-sheet at the bottom of
the bed just in case it might be needed at the end.  We must have put
all the pillows in the house on the bed to make sure that our guest of
honor would be comfortable during all the fun she was going to have.
The last touches were some candles, and the video camera on its tripod
that we set pointing toward the bed from one side.  We drew the shades,
and dimmed the lights to just enough to make it romantic, but still
leaving some light to tape by.  Then we went to join the others.

The sandwiches were placed on a cocktail table along with a tray of
glasses for drinks if anyone wanted them, and Janet, Diane, and I took
off our dresses.  We were wearing some of our sexiest lingerie with
each of us in a different color.  Janet was in blue, Diane in aqua,
and I was all in RED!  Karen, however, wore a long, black, evening gown
over her lingerie, and that was part of the entertainment.  She sat in a
big chair to one side of the room while we took our places on the sofa.
We were ready for the rest of the guests to arrive.

A total of nine men finally showed up for the occasion, and some of them
were REAL hunks!  All were friends ours on some level.  Janet had invited
Bill, Ted, Frank, and Tom.  Diane had gotten a friend from her job named
Jim.  I had brought Bob and Jon.  Karen had even asked two of her friends
named Phil and Brian.  All were, shall we say, UP for the task ahead.

After lunch in the living room, we poured some drinks, and the festiv-
ities began!  With some brassy music on the stereo, Karen stood, and did
a full striptease for all of us, ending up completely NUDE.  Janet then
escorted Karen upstairs to the bedroom to get her ready while Diane and
I got things started in the living room.  We passed around a fishbowl
containing slips of paper with numbers on them.  Each man drew a number
to determine what order they would go in.


Part 3

Up in the bedroom, Karen lay in the center of the big bed.  Janet bent
over her for a kiss.  "Enjoy yourself, pet," Janet said.  "You're going to
have quite a time of it today.  Just let me get you ready."  Janet moved
her head between Karen's outspread legs, and placed a gentle kiss on
the outer lips of her pussy.  Her tongue flicked out, and made its way
through the tangle of hair, probing deeper into her.  She had agre- ed
that each man would enter her with little or no preliminaries, so it was
Janet's pleasant task to open her vagina, and get it lubricated for them.
Janet knew exactly what to do, as I know from some personal ex- perience
with her tongue curling in my own pussy.  She licked Karen's hole gently,
bringing her just to the brink of orgasm several times be- fore she had
her the way she needed to be.  Finally, Janet said, "Are you ready, pet?"
Karen nodded, and Janet flashed the lights on the stairs to signal us
that the rest of the Gang Bang Party could begin. It was three o'clock
in the afternoon.

Diane and I were then tasked with getting them ready for Karen.  "Ok,"
I said.  "Each of you has a number indicating the order you will go up-
stairs to spend some time with our guest of honor.  When your number
is called, you will remove ALL of your clothing here, and we will
take you to her.  You need not spend any time with foreplay up there.
That's what Diane and I are here for if you need it.  Just take her the
way you want to.  She will be ready for you, and expecting you to do
just that.  When you have cum in her, just walk back down here to rest,
and don't linger up there.  We'll take care of you down here.  If she
still wants more after all of you get a chance, you will go back up in
the same order to be fair.  Ready?  Here we go!  Number ONE!"

"Why don't we all just strip now, and save some time?," said Phil, and
the others seemed to agree that it was a good idea.  Diane and I did not
object either.  It was a turn-on to be in a room with NINE naked men with
us just in our lingerie.  Each man stripped off all his clo- thing, and
we were there to give them a little oral assistance in get- ting UP for
the occasion.  The first one to go, Bob, did not really need any help,
but I gave his cock a pass with my tongue just to make sure before I
led him upstairs to the bedroom where Karen was ready and EAGER for him.

Bob's eyes got very big the first time he laid them on Karen, lying
there on the bed with her legs spread, and waiting for him.  She looked
up at him with her big eyes, and said, "I'm here for you."  Bob climbed
onto the bed, and wrapped his hands around her tits, and Janet started
the video camera.  Her lips parted as his pressed against his, and
she brazenly thrust her tongue into his mouth.  They kissed like that
for a moment, and breaking the kiss, she said, "Mount me now, lover!
I want all that you have to give me!"  He needed no more encouragement.
He pushed his hips forward, and buried his cock to the hilt in the
wet and pulsing pussy that Janet had gotten ready for him.  "Pump it
to me!," Karen cried out, and he complied.  He lasted for about five
minutes of that before he filled Karen's pussy with its first load of
cum for that day.  It was still dripping when he took it out, but Janet
was right there with a washcloth to catch it.  He held the towel to his
cock as he returned to the living room, downstairs.

Frank was immediately on his feet when he heard Bob on the stairs.
He was anxious for his first time with Karen.  Diane led him up, and he
lost no time at all getting his cock into the now very wet pussy that
awaited him.  Frank fucked hard and fast, and in only a minute or two,
was adding his load of cum to the batch Bob had squirted into Karen's
vagina only a few moments earlier.  He too got a washcloth, and retur-
ned to the living room, holding it as a badge of honor.


Part 4

Bill got up slowly when Frank entered the room, and walked over to me.
He placed his hands on my shoulders, and pressed me down gently into
kneeling in front of him.  I eagerly complied with his wishes, and took
his cock in my mouth to give it a few licks in preparation for this,
his first chance at Karen.  I knew this would give Janet a few moments
to get Karen cleaned up from her first two fuckings, so I took my time
about it.  Bill's cock tasted nice and fresh.  Janet had told me about
him, and had even suggested that she and I do a Threesome with him at
some point.  I was glad for the chance at an advance sample, and made
up my mind to take her up on her offer sometime in the future.

I led Bill upstairs, and he gazed for a moment at Karen on the bed.
Janet had cleaned her up, but there was still some glistening beads of
liquid on her cunt hairs.  He said nothing, and went straight to his work,
plunging his cock into her pussy before he touched her in any other way.
He worked his prick in and out of her for a long ten min- utes before
he filled her with his own load of sticky semen.  A moment later I was
leading him back downstairs.

Phil already had Diane on her knees in front of him on the sofa when
we got there, getting him ready for his first chance to fuck Karen.
She had him almost to the brink of cumming, and made sure she hurried
him to the bed after she knew Karen was free for her next customer.
His hands felt Karen's nipples for only a second before he buried his
hard- on in her crotch.  With all the attention Diane had given him,
it only took a few strokes before Karen was filled with her forth load
of cum.

Ted stroked his cock himself while he waited for his first time, and
just wanted to look at me while he did it.  He was on his feet as soon
as he knew the way was clear, and I did not have to so much lead him to
Karen, as just follow along as he went up.  There was no foreplay at
all from him.  He thrust his cock into her, and pumped it without any
touching in any other way at all.  Karen had her fifth load of cum.

Brian seemed a little bashful about all that was going on, and was waiting
at the bottom of the stairs for his first time when Ted and I came down.
He went to the bedroom, and just stood looking at Karen for a minute or
two before he went to the side of the bed, and kissed her. She wrapped
one hand around his hard cock, and said, gently, "Come on, lover.
I won't bite you this time.  We'll save that for when we're all alone."
He mounted her gently, and spent ten or fifteen minutes in fucking her
before filling her for the sixth time.

Jon wanted to play with my tits before he went upstairs for the first time
that day, and I was of a mind to let him.  He even managed to get one free
of my bra, and suck on the nipple while we waited for Brian to finish.
"Later, honey," I had to tell him.  "You have someone else to do first."
I led him upstairs, and he continued his sucking on Karen's nipples
while he fucked her.

Tom was feeling up Diane all over when Jon and I came down, working
himself into the right mood for his first chance at Karen's pussy.
He almost ran up the stairs when he knew it was his turn, and did
not waste any time at all with what he wanted to do.  He lay with his
whole weight upon her as he fucked, but she did not seem to mind at all.
She was only anxious for her pussy to be filled with the eighth load of
hot cum of the day.  He obliged her.

Jim was the last of the group to have a first time, and I made sure
that I gave his cock a good workout with my lips and tongue while we
waited for Tom to come back.  He was more than ready by the time I led
him into the bedroom, and he got a look at Karen.  Her cunt was spread
wide by this time, but that did not deter him from giving her the hard-
est fucking that he could.  He managed to last for a full five minutes
before he too added his seed to all the rest that had gone before him.

Part 5

We had agreed that we would let Karen have a little rest after each of
the men had at least once chance to fuck her, and Janet set about the task
of cleaning her up.  She was tired at this point, but not at all put off
at the prospect of more.  She really seemed to be getting into it all.
"Do you want them again?," Janet asked as she finished with the cleaning.
"Yes!," Karen said.  "I'm not done with this yet.  I'll tell you when
I want to stop.  I'm ready for the next one."  Janet gave her another
gentle kiss on the lips, and flashed the lights in the stairwell.
The Gang Bang Party was not over yet.

The next round followed much the same as the first, with Bob, Frank,
Bill, Phil, Ted, Brian, Jon, Tom, and Jim all having a chance to fuck
Karen a second time.  She showed no sign of asking for it to stop all the
way through it, and got even more slutty about things as they went on.
She held her pussy lips open for them to see as they came into the room,
and kept muttering words of encouragement like, "That's it, big boy!
Fuck me HARD!," and, "Give me all the cock you can!," and, "I want it
until my pussy EXPLODES!," all the way through it.  She was not the
dear, sweet, Karen I knew for a while, but a female animal filled with
raw lust for as much cock as she could get stuffed into her that day.
She was panting heavily when we stopped so Janet could clean her up for
the third round, if there was to be one.

"Had enough yet?," Janet asked sweetly as she helped Karen clean up
after being fucked for the EIGHTEENTH time.  "Not yet," Karen said
with half-closed eyes.  "I think I could go a few more.  I wonder what
the record for this is?  Maybe we should find out, and try for it.
Maybe I'd like to do that.  Maybe..."  Her voice trailed off, and Janet
lean- ed to kiss her again.  "Are you sure?," she asked.  "I'm sure,"
Karen said dreamily.  "Let's go again, but I don't know if I can take
them all.  Let's do it one at a time."  Janet went to the top of the
stairs, and saw me standing at the bottom.  She motioned for me to meet
her half-way.  "She's almost ready to quit," she told me.  "Check with
me before you bring each one up."  I passed the message on to Diane,
and got ready to bring Bob up for the third time.

Karen was not quite ready to quit yet, and she took on Bob, Frank,
Bill, and Phil for the third time, although she was seeming less and
less into it each time.  She was getting tired, but her lust was not
flagging one bit.  She tried to give each one of them the best time in
her cunt that she could, but finally Karen had enough.

Diane had just led Phil out of the bedroom when Karen said in a voice
filled with fatigue, "Janet?  No more...  I want them, but...  I can't
do it anymore.  Can we stop now?"  Janet  went to the side of the bed,
and placed a gentle kiss on Karen's cheek.  "Of course, pet," she said.
"All you have to do is say so.  We'll take care of things from here.
You just rest for now.  We'll call you in the morning."  Janet got
the top-sheet from the bottom of the bed, and covered Karen with it.
She watched as Karen curled up in a fetal position under it, and drifted
off to sleep.  Then she turned off the lights, blew out the candles,
and taking the video camera with her, came downstairs with the rest of us.

"She's had enough," Janet announced when she got to the living room.
"You've all done very well, and she thanks you all for it.  We're on
our own for the rest of the night."  Ted, Tom, Brian, Jon, and Jim all
looked a little disappointed that they would not get a third time, but
by the time Karen had finally said "enough" at about eight o'clock, she
had been fucked a total of TWENTY-TWO TIMES!  They all seemed to under-
stand why she would be tired now.

The rest of the night, until about one o'clock in the morning, we spent
watching parts of the video-tape, and Diane and I putting on a little
"girl-to-girl" demonstration for all.  We got the last of the men to
leave around eleven, and then the three of us got into a serious ses-
sion of taking care of the sexual energy we had built up all day while
we had watched Karen Pull A Train.  It was a very good day!

                            HAPPY LABOR DAY !!!

 Keep Well, Aunt Peg

--
