Kathi's Story - Part Two: A Trip to the Mall   -   By Marlboro Man


Lisa and I dressed up in some slutty outfits: she in a halter top and
mini-skirt and me in a half-tube top and cut-off shorts.  Of course
we didn't wear any bras or underwear.  We headed off to the town mall
and waited by the record store for someone to try and pick us up.  It 
wasn't long before a businessman in a grey suit began chatting to Lisa, 
asking her where she went to school and what kind of music she liked.  
She steered the conversation to her boyfriends, and what she liked to 
do with them.

I just smiled and acted shy.  I couldn't believe how dirty Lisa was 
talking.  She started telling him how good she was in bed, and how her
boyfriends liked her breasts.  Then she pointed to me and said that I 
gave better head than any other bitch in the school.  I almost felt 
like a whore when she said that, but it also turned me on.  I smiled 
at him some more, and ran my tongue over my lips, letting some spit drool
down my chin, like cum.

The guy got real excited and tried to get Lisa and I to come to his
hotel room, but we just laughed at him.  Lisa pushed him to a corner, and
began rubbing his crotch and telling him that he couldn't afford us.
I joined in and snaked my arm behind his ass and through his pants legs,
cupping his balls with my hand while Lisa stroked his cock.  Even through
the fabric of his suit Lisa could feel how hard he had gotten.  She
picked up speed and he came in his underwear.  I could see a growing wet
spot over his pants front.

Lisa then leaned over and gave me an incredibly long and wet tongue 
kiss and we strolled away.  When we rounded a corner I found out what
Lisa had been up to.  She showed me the wallet she had taken from his 
pants pocket while she was stroking his crotch.  We found a phone booth, 
and Lisa called the guy's house and left a message on his answering 
machine.

"Um, hi, I'm trying to reach Bob," she stammered. "Um, I heard from the
doctor today about, well, you know.  And I think that, well, we should
probably talk soon...um, OK, bye..." Lisa hung up the phone and we laughed 
and ran down the mall to the post office.  Lisa took all the guys' cash 
out of the wallet, and put the rest in an envelope and mailed it to his 
address.  For a joke we put down the return address of Lisa's professor, 
Jenny Smith.

Fully loaded with cash, we headed to the department stores where we
each got new outfits.  Afterwards I thought we would be heading home,
but Lisa led me to a row of stores nearby the mall.  There was an
Adult bookstore there, and I followed Lisa right in.  I'd never been
in one of these stores before, and was shocked to see all the explicit
stuff just sitting out in the open.  There were separate racks for 
straight, lesbian, bondage, pre-teen, and rape fantasy magazines and
videos.  Lisa pointed out a magazine that was called "Les Girls", and
which had nothing but pictures of lesbian women making love to each
other with tongues, fingers, vibrators and cucumbers.  Lisa smiled and
whispered to me "Bananas are better!" as she moved along the rack.

Another magazine had pictures of girls being fucked, and having their
pussies licked by large German Shephards.  My cunt actually started getting
wet as I looked at this red-haired girl pouring beef gravy onto her clit,
and having it vigorously lapped up by two big brown dogs.  The dreamy
expression on her face told me she couldn't be faking this: those dogs
must be phenomenal pussy lickers.  I thought of my parent's dog, Butch,
who was always sniffing around my crotch, and made some plans in my mind
for my next trip home over break.  I tried to catch Lisa's eye, but
she just smiled to herself thoughtfully and quietly moved along.  

A few guys were in the store, and looked surprised to see a pair of 
young sluts like Lisa and me in a place like that. Some of them moved 
to a hallway in the back.  I guessed that's where they had those movie
booths where you could watch a few minutes of a porno film in private
to see if you wanted to buy it, and to jerk off if you felt like it.

"Hi there, Lisa!" the guy behind the counter called out. "I've got your
order!" "Great," Lisa said. "Let's see it".  The guy pulled out a large
double-ended dildo from under the counter and handed it over to her.  

"I hope it's the one you wanted" he said.  "Mmmm...it looks great" Lisa 
said. "Oh, this is Kathi, by the way.  She's the one I told you about.
I'm hoping to use this on her!" I blushed strongly as the guy leered at 
me. "Can we try this out before I buy it?" she asked.  "Sure, use the 
private room, as usual" he said pointing to a door in the rear.

"I can't believe you said that to him, Lisa" I whispered to him as we
moved to the back of the store. "Oh, chill out" she said, "don't worry
about him.  He won't give us any trouble!"

In the back room Lisa pulled down her mini-skirt and sat on the couch.
She grabbed a tube of KY jelly from the bag and started greasing up both
ends of the dildo.  She pulled her pussy lips apart and inserted
one end of the dildo into her cunt. 

"Come over here" she said, "and get this into you so we can try it out."
I wasn't really enthusiastic about fooling around in this strange store,
but Lisa was already pumping the dildo in her cunt.  Her soft thighs were
open and inviting, and so I reluctantly pulled my shorts off and joined her
on the couch.  

I spread my legs and used my hand to pull my pussy lips apart.  Lisa
guided the plastic cock into my cunt, and we slowly started to pound 
into each other.  It felt great.  It was like fucking a guy, but I 
was holding Lisa's creamy body at the same time.  Lisa's tits bounced
in my face, and I leaned forward to bite on her nipples.

I thought I saw some movement in the big glass mirror that was on the
wall across from us, but Lisa pulled me closer and I forgot about it
as I felt my climax approach.  Lisa and I both had outrageous orgasms,
and the dildo was slick with our juices.  Lisa wiped it off and we got
dressed and went back outside.

"I'll take it!" Lisa said, and we walked out of the store. "Lisa, you
never paid for that!" I whispered to her. "Relax, sure we did. What do
you think that business in the back room was?  Those perverts have
a two-way mirror in there, and the owner charges $20. a person to
watch whatever goes on.  We just made that guy a few hundred bucks -
This dildo is our cut!"  

I was shocked that we had just put on such a show for a bunch of 
strangers, but again, I was a little turned on by it.  Little by 
little I was starting to see things as Lisa did.  She didn't care 
about anything except for satisfying that lucious slit between her
legs.  She was always horny, and was always looking for someone 
(anyone!) to fuck, lick or suck her until she creamed.  

"Who goes into that room?" I asked.  

"Oh, businessmen, horny college students who can't get into our pants
normally, even a few professors!"

"No!  What professors would pay to see you in that room?"

"Well, you know my Spanish tracher, Professor Johnson? I saw him
leaving the viewing room once after I'd "tried out" a vibrating dildo.
I must have used that thing for half an hour.  I ended up not taking
it because it was too intense for me.  Anyway, I hung out in the store
for awhile looking for something else that I could use, and I saw him
walking out the backroom.  He never looks at me directly in class, but
I can see him looking at my ass when I walk out the room."

"Wow!  What kind of grades does he give you?"

"So far it's been all B+'s, but I may try to push that up to an A."

"Who do you think was in there today?"  I was curious as to who had 
just seen my pussy.

"Well, I can't say for sure, but I thought I heard Carl Frederick's voice."

I blushed strongly.  Carl was in my history class.  He was a nice guy,
but was kind of a geek. He was always paying attention to me, and
offering to work together on projects. Now he had seem me dildo-fucking
my blonde roommate in the backroom of some sleazy porno shop.  How
would I face him the next time we saw each other?  Lisa advised me
to take it easy. 

"I think about half the guys on our hall have seen my cunt.  I make a point
of leaving the door open while I'm changing, or of wearing no panties while
sitting across the room from a guy.  The look on their faces is priceless
when they get a glimpse of your box.  Once I left the shower door open and
spent half an hour in front of the mirror shaving my cunt and jerking off.
I could see Mike from down the hall in the corner of the mirror watching me,
but pretended I couldn't see him, and just kept rubbing my pussy until I
came around five times!

"After that Mike became the nicest guy around, getting things for me, 
picking up my cleaning, even buying me food when I didn't feel like 
going out for dinner.  Once a guy's seem your box, he'll do almost anything
for you in hopes of getting back into your panties.  Trust me.  You want 
Carl to start doing your term papers for you?  Now all you have to do is
to ask him and smile!"  

We were coming up to the taxi stand that would take us back to campus.
Lisa and I threw our bags in the trunk and got in the backseat.  As
we drove down the highway, Lisa started stroking my legs.

"Lisa, stop it!" I whispered. "The driver can see us!"

"Oh, look who's getting modest all of a sudden!" Lisa smiled and
more insistantly rubbed my thighs.  She pushed my legs back until
they were spread wide open.  I could see the driver eyeing my crotch
in the rear view mirror.  I tried to act casual as Lisa rubbed my
crotch.  She pulled the thin fabric of my shorts aside, revealing my
swollen pussy lips.  Since I wasn't wearing any panties, the seams
in my shorts had been rubbing against my pussy lips as we walked, 
so I was in a constant state of semi-arousal all the time.  Lisa's
gentle stroking pulled me over the edge and I was now a horny slut!

She ran her fingers up and down my pussy lips.  I thrust my hips up,
begging her to go inside me but Lisa just kept stroking softly.  My
clit budded up and forced its way out from its hood.  "You're driving
me crazy!" I whispered in her ear.  Her hand was carefully avoiding
my button, tracing circles around it and getting the whole area wet 
with juices that she would bring up from my hole.

At last she lowered her head to my crotch and stuck out her tongue. I
moved my hips even more forward and gasped loudly with pleasure when
I felt the tip of her tongue rub against my clit.  "Oh God!" I moaned,
"Lick me harder! Please, stick your tongue up my pussy!"  I no longer
cared that the driver was staring directly at me, I just wanted Lisa's
wonderful mouth to make love to me.

Lisa unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them down my legs to get better
access to my box.  She gripped my thighs and pulled me closer to her
probing tongue.  I could feel her mouth nibbling on my cunt lipe and
sucking my cream out of my slit.  Suddenly she clamped her lips on
my clit and started sucking directly on it.  Her tongue swirled over
and over the tip of my clit, and I soared to a climax. "Ooohhhh Goood!"
I moaned, "That's sooooo goooood! Uhn! Uhn! Uhn!...Mmmmmmmm"  Slowly
I came down from my intense cum.  I sat back in the seat and smiled
at Lisa, who's face was once again dripping with my juices.

I looked up and saw that the cab had stopped in front of our dorm.
I slid back into my shorts and started to get my money out to pay
for the cab ride, but the driver just waved our cash away. "Just make
sure you ask for me if you ever want to get anywhere" he said, handing
Lisa a business card.

We got out of the cab and sauntered back to our dorm room.  

