From - Fri Feb 21 02:14:20 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!hal.COM!decwrl!pagesat.net!news.eclipse.net!usenet
From: Nite@Writer.com (NiteWriter)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST - The Teenage Maid Returns (teen,oral,anal)
Date: Thu, 13 Feb 1997 03:51:35 GMT
Lines: 249
Message-ID: <5du33k$8ei@news.eclipse.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ha1-70.eclipse.net
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.0.82

This is intended for adults 21 and over only. If you are offended by
graphic descriptions of a sexual nature, please, don't read this or
download it.

If this is illegal where ever you are reading this stop now.






Marlee - 
The Teenage Maid Returns 
             
by NiteWriter


The next morning I awoke at about 7:00 from a great night's sleep
still remembering the events of the evening before. I couldn't get
Marlee out of my mind. I showered, shaved and got ready to go for
breakfast before my long drive home. I was just about ready to leave
for something to eat when a knock came to the door. I opened it and
there sArchive-name: 3plus/kathi.txt
Archive-author: Marlboro Man
Archive-title: Kathi's Story - Living with Lisa


Kathi's Story - Part One: Living with Lisa     -    By Marlboro Man


My roommate Lisa is a real slut.  

I knew that when she brought a guy back to our room the first 
night in the dorm.  I had to camp out in the lounge with the 
Scrabble geeks while she got pounded in our room.  The next 
morning the whole room smelled of sex.  I even found a pool of
dried cum and pussy juice on my dresser.

Luckily she's got a really hot body and a gorgeous face, and is
hard to stay angry at - especially when she gives you one of her
broad, shining smiles.  I think she could easily be a fashion 
model if she wanted to - kind of a blonde Cindy Crawford, without
the mole.  But Lisa wants no part of it.  "Models don't get to fuck
enough" she claims.  I don't know how much would be "enough" for 
Lisa: she's got a pretty high libido.  I don't think she's gone 
a single day here at school without at least one sex partner.

At first, I was annoyed by her sluttish behavior because it threw me
out of the room.  But one afternoon I told her that her throwing me
out so she could screw boyfriend #16 really pissed me off, and
she surprised me by telling me that she didn't care whether or not I
stayed.  So from then on, whenever she came back to the room with a
guy, I just stayed on my bed reading.

Some of the guys were freaked out about having me in the room, but they
soon learned that since Lisa didn't care, if they didn't go along 
with it they wouldn't get into her pants.  Over the first week I
watched Lisa screw five guys out of the corner of my eye.  Usually
they would just hump under her covers, and so while I was able to
hear almost every detail, I never got to see the guy's cocks.  At
the time that's what I was straining to catch a glimpse of.  It didn't
occur to me that Lisa was where I should have been directing my
attention.

One Friday night she brought a guy named Jeff back to the room after
they had seen a movie.  She pulled him onto her bed and began kissing
him.  He noticed me across the room, but I just played it cool.  I 
could see that Jeff was a little uncomfortable at first.  When he and 
Lisa started making out he kept peeking over at me, but I just sat 
there with my book.  Gradually Lisa started to tug at his clothes, 
trying to take off his shirt.  It was clear, however, that he didn't
want to go any further with me in the room.  He tried to get Lisa to 
come with him over to his room but she had settled into her bed and 
wasn't going to move.  

"This is it, Jeff," she said. "Lisa's pussy opens up on this bed, and
this bed only!"  She sat back and smiled, pulling her tube top over her 
head.  Her tits flopped out and she cupped them in her hands.  As I 
would learn later, Lisa never wore a bra if she didn't have to.

Now, I've seen women's breasts before, but even I was impressed with
these beauties.  Soft and firm, they sat perkily on her chest, just
begging to be sucked and caressed.  After that Jeff sort of forgot
that I was there.  He grabbed Lisa by the waist and started off.  I
pretended to keep reading, but kept my eyes on the action on Lisa's
bed.  She tore off her clothes revealing her smooth hard body.  Jeff
looked pretty good himself and I started getting excited watching the
two of them fool around. 

Jeff moaned as Lisa pulled off his briefs and gently licked at the
head of his cock.  He fondled her tits as she took him into her mouth
and started to pump his cock in and out.  I could see Lisa's saliva
leaking out the corners of her mouth, running down her neck.  She got
on her knees for a better angle, and raised her ass up off the bed.
I got my first clear look at her pussy.  It was soft and hairless.  Her 
lips poked out pretty far and her clitoris was clearly visible.  As she
shifted her hips, her labia opened a little and some of her creamy
lubrication began dripping out.  She reached back with one hand and
held her pussy open with two fingers while a third gently prodded her
clit from side to side.

I started getting hot watching this smooth-skinned blonde slut finger
her pussy right in front of me.  Now, I'd seen other girl's twats in the
gym shower and all, but never juicy and spread open like this.  I could
see how her lips got all swollen with her cum-lust.  Little drops of
cunt juice glistened on her pubic hairs as her fingers probed and stroked.
I'm no lesbo, but I felt like going over and just sticking my tongue up 
that steamy box, and getting my face sticky with her cream.  I leaned
forward and stared as Lisa's ass swayed from side to side as she moaned
into Jeff's cock, now furiously pumping down her throat.

Unfortunately just as Lisa was about to push her fingers directly into
her box, Jeff started to cum.  He grabbed her head and pounded
vigorously into her mouth.  Lisa had to use both hands to keep her
balance.  He must have poured a lot of cum into her mouth because she
didn't swallow it all.  I could see some of it on her tongue and lips
as she swirled it around in her mouth.  Smiling, she swallowed the rest
and licked her face clean.  Lisa was about to pull Jeff down to her
pussy, but just then he leaned over and switched off the light and 
pulled the blanket over the two of them.  Now I couldn't see them, 
but Lisa's slurping and moaning left little to the imagination.  I lay
back on the bed and rubbed my pussy through my jeans, imagining that
I was joining Lisa and Jeff under the covers.

It wasn't exactly like I wasn't getting any male attention at school.
I mean, I've got a slim bod, medium to small breasts, and long dark hair.
A few guys had already asked me out, but I just didn't move as fast
as Lisa did, and I guess I was feeling left out, not to mention being
horny as hell.  My usual internal dating schedule went something like ,
talking on the first date, a good night hug or kiss on the second, light 
kissing on the third, and general making out and necking on the fourth.
If I really liked the guy I would let him start feeling my tits and ass 
after that.  I'd only gone all the way twice in my life, so you can see
how Lisa's moving from the initial "Can I buy you a drink?" to "Ow! You're
on my hair!" in one evening left me out in the cold.  Frustrated, I sank
beneath my covers and fingered my pussy while listening to Lisa's squishy 
cunt get tongued and sucked.

The next morning I watched through my sheets as Lisa led Jeff naked 
into the bathroom where they shared a shower before he left for team
practice.  I could hear the shower stall shaking next door as he fucked 
her against the wall.  Lisa's grunts of pleasure echoed through the
room.

When Lisa came back into the room, she was wrapped only in a towel.
She plopped herself down in the easy chair and just sat, watching
the trees rustle in the breeze outside.  I pretended I was still asleep.
Absently, Lisa began to stroke her breasts.  She opened the towel,
showing me those fabulous globes again.  Her hands stroked and cupped
them, her fingers softly pinching her nipples.  Her left hand began
to slide across her smooth belly.  It gradually snaked down to her 
crotch, and one by one, she pulled her thighs back until they were
almost at 90 degrees to her waist.  Her cunt was now fully exposed, and
her pussy lips were pulled apart.  The scent of her juices wafted forth
as she gently stroked her pussy.  Her little clit pointed out of its
hood, and her fingers softly pushed it back and forth.  

She sighed and shifted in her seat.  With her eyes closed, her head
lay back and her fingers began to stroke her clit in earnest.  I
watched in amazement as she unashamedly masturbated in the middle of
the room by an open window.  Soon she began to moan as her climax 
approached.  Her fingers blurred over her pussy as her hips started
to churn up and down.  Grunting and gasping, she came over her hand,
her cunt coating her fingers with creamy lubrication.

I guess I had forgotten that I was supposed to be asleep 'cause I
had sat fully up, and was staring open mouthed at her brazen display
of lust.  My right hand was busy at my own cunt.  Lisa opened her eyes 
and looked over to me.  Embarrassed, I broke away and tried to pretend
nothing had happened but Lisa knew better.  She came over and sat next
to me on the bed and began unbuttoning my nightshirt.  I should have
stopped her, but before I knew it she had pulled off my shirt and had
pushed me back onto the bed.  With a form grip, she pulled my thighs
apart, pressing them back up towards my tits.

Slowly she knelt between my legs and began kissing and licking her
way up my thighs.  When she got to my pussy she took a deep breath
and let her tongue play across my lips.  It was the most incredible
feeling I'd ever felt.  I've had guys inside me, and have even gotten
licked once or twice, but the thrill of having this luscious soft baby
sucking on my box was just too much.  

Lisa kept on licking my lips until I pulled her head closer in.  She
pointed her tongue and shoved it straight up my cunt, tasting all my
inner juices.  I saw that she was fingering her own pussy while she
was tongueing mine, so I pulled her hips towards me.  She had obviously
done this before, since she swing right around in one motion, and
rotated her hips so that her cunt was right at my mouth level. I had
never tasted another girl's vagina before, but was so hot that I guess
I dove right in.  Lisa had a shaved pussy, and her lips were soft and
tender.  No wonder she had such a steady stream of guys at her door.

I stuck out my tongue and got my first taste of cunt.  I never really
thought of how I tasted, but now with my face in another girl's pussy,
I wondered how my snatch juices were to Lisa.  I guessed that when I
kissed her later (as I knew I would) I would get my answer.  For now,
I was enjoying the feeling of Lisa's pussy on my tongue.  I slurped and
licked and gobbled and sucked on her juicy cunny.  We must have lay there
for over an hour, just tasting and getting to know each other's vaginas
as we drifted from orgasm to orgasm.  Finally I lay back, my face and
neck all covered with Lisa-juice.  

Lisa crawled up to me and started to lick me clean.  I was so touched
by this gesture that I also started to tongue my lubricating juice off
of Lisa's face.  Our tongues quickly found each other and we eagerly
dove into each other's mouths, tasting and probing.  Lisa was a better
french-kisser than any boy I had ever gone out with, and I was starting
to wonder if I was becoming a lesbian.

Lisa's tongue thrust its way down my throat, and I sucked on its length.
We swapped saliva back and forth for another 30 minutes before Lisa pulled
back and collapsed next to me, her arms wrapping themselves around my
waist.  "Good Morning, Roomie!" she said with a giggle.  It was only
then that I realized we had gone this entire time without talking. Our
lusts had spoken for us, and our moans of passion were all the conversation
that was needed.

"That was fabulous!" I said, caressing her breasts. "If I'd known what
all those guys were getting, I wouldn't have waited until now to get some
myself."  Lisa snorted. "As I recall it, you weren't the one to make the
first move.  I had to put on that show for you and literally grab your
pussy before you joined in!"

"That's true," I said, "and I'm so glad you did.  I love the way your
tongue felt up my cunt and in my mouth.  How did you learn to lick
another girl like that?" "Practice!" Lisa said with a grin.  "I started
out when I was young."  Lisa was only 18 years old - I smiled to think
of the lucky bitch who got to be the first one to dive between those
milky-white pre-teen thighs.  

"I was at summer camp and one of the older girls got me alone in the
shower room one night.  She said that she would give me a shampoo, but
after she got my hair full of lather, she started rubbing the foam
down onto my shoulders and arms.  I guess I didn't seem startled or
pull away, so she kept going, and started lathering my tits.  Now, I
wasn't exactly as big as I am today, but I had a nice set of breasts,
fairly sizable for my age.  Actually I think they were just a little
smaller than yours are."

I blushed and tried to pull the sheets over my chest.

"No, no!" Lisa said, "I like'm that size.  You know, anything more
than a mouthful is wasted!"  Lisa pulled the covers down and cupped
my tits in her hands, tweaking the nipples between her fingers. She
leaned forward and gave each one a tender kiss before continuing.

"Anyway, she got me pretty hot and kept telling me how sexy I was, 
and how she'd been watching me all summer, wanting to get her tongue
up my pussy.  She kept soaping me up, and worked her way down my body.
It wasn't too long before she had on the floor of the shower with my 
legs wide open, and her tongue up my cunt.  She really knew her stuff,
and I must have cum about twelve times - kind of appropriate 'cause 
that's how old I was!" Lisa giggled to herself.

"Anyway, the next night she introduced me to two of her friends.  
They took turns licking my cunt and sucking on my nipples. I kind 
of felt funny being passed around from girl to girl like that,
but they all really got into seducing someone so young.  I can't
really complain since I was on the receiving end most of the time.
Those sluts just got off by eating pussy.  By the end of the summer
I was so well licked that I couldn't even pass one of those girls on
the path without creaming up!  Looking back, I can see where they 
were coming from - I know that I really juice up when I see some 
cute little jailbait walk across campus!"

I looked at Lisa with wide eyes. "Trust me, Kath" she said, "there's
nothing that tastes better than cherry pussy!  But now, it's getting 
late and we have some work to do if we want to have some fun tonight."
She got off the bed and started getting dressed.

I was a little disappointed that I wouldn't have Lisa to myself for 
the night, but knew that anything she dreamt up was bound to be good.


Kathi's Story - Part Two: A Trip to the Mall   -   By Marlboro Man

Lisa and I dressed up in some slutty outfits: she in a halter top and
mini-skirt and me in a half-tube top and cut-off shorts.  Of course
we didn't wear any bras or underwear.  We headed off to the town mall
and waited by the record store for someone to try and pick us up.  It 
wasn't long before a businessman in a grey suit began chatting to Lisa, 
asking her where she went to school and what kind of music she liked.  
She steered the conversation to her boyfriends, and what she liked to 
do with them.

I just smiled and acted shy.  I couldn't believe how dirty Lisa was 
talking.  She started telling him how good she was in bed, and how her
boyfriends liked her breasts.  Then she pointed to me and said that I 
gave better head than any other bitch in the school.  I almost felt 
like a whore when she said that, but it also turned me on.  I smiled 
at him some more, and ran my tongue over my lips, letting some spit drool
down my chin, like cum.

The guy got real excited and tried to get Lisa and I to come to his
hotel room, but we just laughed at him.  Lisa pushed him to a corner, and
began rubbing his crotch and telling him that he couldn't afford us.
I joined in and snaked my arm behind his ass and through his pants legs,
cupping his balls with my hand while Lisa stroked his cock.  Even through
the fabric of his suit Lisa could feel how hard he had gotten.  She
picked up speed and he came in his underwear.  I could see a growing wet
spot over his pants front.

Lisa then leaned over and gave me an incredibly long and wet tongue 
kiss and we strolled away.  When we rounded a corner I found out what
Lisa had been up to.  She showed me the wallet she had taken from his 
pants pocket while she was stroking his crotch.  We found a phone booth, 
and Lisa called the guy's house and left a message on his answering 
machine.

"Um, hi, I'm trying to reach Bob," she stammered. "Um, I heard from the
doctor today about, well, you know.  And I think that, well, we should
probably talk soon...um, OK, bye..." Lisa hung up the phone and we laughed 
and ran down the mall to the post office.  Lisa took all the guys' cash 
out of the wallet, and put the rest in an envelope and mailed it to his 
address.  For a joke we put down the return address of Lisa's professor, 
Jenny Smith.

Fully loaded with cash, we headed to the department stores where we
each got new outfits.  Afterwards I thought we would be heading home,
but Lisa led me to a row of stores nearby the mall.  There was an
Adult bookstore there, and I followed Lisa right in.  I'd never been
in one of these stores before, and was shocked to see all the explicit
stuff just sitting out in the open.  There were separate racks for 
straight, lesbian, bondage, pre-teen, and rape fantasy magazines and
videos.  Lisa pointed out a magazine that was called "Les Girls", and
which had nothing but pictures of lesbian women making love to each
other with tongues, fingers, vibrators and cucumbers.  Lisa smiled and
whispered to me "Bananas are better!" as she moved along the rack.

Another magazine had pictures of girls being fucked, and having their
pussies licked by large German Shephards.  My cunt actually started getting
wet as I looked at this red-haired girl pouring beef gravy onto her clit,
and having it vigorously lapped up by two big brown dogs.  The dreamy
expression on her face told me she couldn't be faking this: those dogs
must be phenomenal pussy lickers.  I thought of my parent's dog, Butch,
who was always sniffing around my crotch, and made some plans in my mind
for my next trip home over break.  I tried to catch Lisa's eye, but
she just smiled to herself thoughtfully and quietly moved along.  

A few guys were in the store, and looked surprised to see a pair of 
young sluts like Lisa and me in a place like that. Some of them moved 
to a hallway in the back.  I guessed that's where they had those movie
booths where you could watch a few minutes of a porno film in private
to see if you wanted to buy it, and to jerk off if you felt like it.

"Hi there, Lisa!" the guy behind the counter called out. "I've got your
order!" "Great," Lisa said. "Let's see it".  The guy pulled out a large
double-ended dildo from under the counter and handed it over to her.  

"I hope it's the one you wanted" he said.  "Mmmm...it looks great" Lisa 
said. "Oh, this is Kathi, by the way.  She's the one I told you about.
I'm hoping to use this on her!" I blushed strongly as the guy leered at 
me. "Can we try this out before I buy it?" she asked.  "Sure, use the 
private room, as usual" he said pointing to a door in the rear.

"I can't believe you said that to him, Lisa" I whispered to him as we
moved to the back of the store. "Oh, chill out" she said, "don't worry
about him.  He won't give us any trouble!"

In the back room Lisa pulled down her mini-skirt and sat on the couch.
She grabbed a tube of KY jelly from the bag and started greasing up both
ends of the dildo.  She pulled her pussy lips apart and inserted
one end of the dildo into her cunt. 

"Come over here" she said, "and get this into you so we can try it out."
I wasn't really enthusiastic about fooling around in this strange store,
but Lisa was already pumping the dildo in her cunt.  Her soft thighs were
open and inviting, and so I reluctantly pulled my shorts off and joined her
on the couch.  

I spread my legs and used my hand to pull my pussy lips apart.  Lisa
guided the plastic cock into my cunt, and we slowly started to pound 
into each other.  It felt great.  It was like fucking a guy, but I 
was holding Lisa's creamy body at the same time.  Lisa's tits bounced
in my face, and I leaned forward to bite on her nipples.

I thought I saw some movement in the big glass mirror that was on the
wall across from us, but Lisa pulled me closer and I forgot about it
as I felt my climax approach.  Lisa and I both had outrageous orgasms,
and the dildo was slick with our juices.  Lisa wiped it off and we got
dressed and went back outside.

"I'll take it!" Lisa said, and we walked out of the store. "Lisa, you
never paid for that!" I whispered to her. "Relax, sure we did. What do
you think that business in the back room was?  Those perverts have
a two-way mirror in there, and the owner charges $20. a person to
watch whatever goes on.  We just made that guy a few hundred bucks -
This dildo is our cut!"  

I was shocked that we had just put on such a show for a bunch of 
strangers, but again, I was a little turned on by it.  Little by 
little I was starting to see things as Lisa did.  She didn't care 
about anything except for satisfying that lucious slit between her
legs.  She was always horny, and was always looking for someone 
(anyone!) to fuck, lick or suck her until she creamed.  

"Who goes into that room?" I asked.  

"Oh, businessmen, horny college students who can't get into our pants
normally, even a few professors!"

"No!  What professors would pay to see you in that room?"

"Well, you know my spanish tracher, Professor Johnson? I saw him
leaving the viewing room once after I'd "tried out" a vibrating dildo.
I must have used that thing for half an hour.  I ended up not taking
it because it was too intense for me.  Anyway, I hung out in the store
for awhile looking for something else that I could use, and I saw him
walking out the backroom.  He never looks at me directly in class, but
I can see him looking at my ass when I walk out the room."

"Wow!  What kind of grades does he give you?"

"So far it's been all B+'s, but I may try to push that up to an A."

"Who do you think was in there today?"  I was curious as to who had 
just seen my pussy.

"Well, I can't say for sure, but I thought I heard Carl Frederick's voice."

I blushed strongly.  Carl was in my history class.  He was a nice guy,
but was kind of a geek. He was always paying attention to me, and
offering to work together on projects. Now he had seem me dildo-fucking
my blonde roommate in the backroom of some sleazy porno shop.  How
would I face him the next time we saw each other?  Lisa advised me
to take it easy. 

"I think about half the guys on our hall have seen my cunt.  I make a point
of leaving the door open while I'm changing, or of wearing no panties while
sitting across the room from a guy.  The look on their faces is priceless
when they get a glimpse of your box.  Once I left the shower door open and
spent half an hour in front of the mirror shaving my cunt and jerking off.
I could see Mike from down the hall in the corner of the mirror watching me,
but pretended I couldn't see him, and just kept rubbing my pussy until I
came around five times!

"After that Mike became the nicest guy around, getting things for me, 
picking up my cleaning, even buying me food when I didn't feel like 
going out for dinner.  Once a guy's seem your box, he'll do almost anything
for you in hopes of getting back into your panties.  Trust me.  You want 
Carl to start doing your term papers for you?  Now all you have to do is
to ask him and smile!"  

We were coming up to the taxi stand that would take us back to campus.
Lisa and I threw our bags in the trunk and got in the backseat.  As
we drove down the highway, Lisa started stroking my legs.

"Lisa, stop it!" I whispered. "The driver can see us!"

"Oh, look who's getting modest all of a sudden!" Lisa smiled and
more insistantly rubbed my thighs.  She pushed my legs back until
they were spread wide open.  I could see the driver eyeing my crotch
in the rear view mirror.  I tried to act casual as Lisa rubbed my
crotch.  She pulled the thin fabric of my shorts aside, revealing my
swollen pussy lips.  Since I wasn't wearing any panties, the seams
in my shorts had been rubbing against my pussy lips as we walked, 
so I was in a constant state of semi-arousal all the time.  Lisa's
gentle stroking pulled me over the edge and I was now a horny slut!

She ran her fingers up and down my pussy lips.  I thrust my hips up,
begging her to go inside me but Lisa just kept stroking softly.  My
clit budded up and forced its way out from its hood.  "You're driving
me crazy!" I whispered in her ear.  Her hand was carefully avoiding
my button, tracing circles around it and getting the whole area wet 
with juices that she would bring up from my hole.

At last she lowered her head to my crotch and stuck out her tongue. I
moved my hips even more forward and gasped loudly with pleasure when
I felt the tip of her tongue rub against my clit.  "Oh God!" I moaned,
"Lick me harder! Please, stick your tongue up my pussy!"  I no longer
cared that the driver was staring directly at me, I just wanted Lisa's
wonderful mouth to make love to me.

Lisa unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them down my legs to get better
access to my box.  She gripped my thighs and pulled me closer to her
probing tongue.  I could feel her mouth nibbling on my cunt lipe and
sucking my cream out of my slit.  Suddenly she clamped her lips on
my clit and started sucking directly on it.  Her tongue swirled over
and over the tip of my clit, and I soared to a climax. "Ooohhhh Goood!"
I moaned, "That's sooooo goooood! Uhn! Uhn! Uhn!...Mmmmmmmm"  Slowly
I came down from my intense cum.  I sat back in the seat and smiled
at Lisa, who's face was once again dripping with my juices.

I looked up and saw that the cab had stopped in front of our dorm.
I slid back into my shorts and started to get my money out to pay
for the cab ride, but the driver just waved our cash away. "Just make
sure you ask for me if you ever want to get anywhere" he said, handing
Lisa a business card.

We got out of the cab and sauntered back to our dorm room.  


Kathi's Story - Part Three: Jeff Lends a Hand    -   By Marlboro Man


When we got back to our room it was just getting dark.  There was
a big party over at Sigma Theta, and Lisa was invited.  I didn't
know anyone over there, and so I didn't think I should be going
but Lisa convinced me that there was no better source of hot cunt
than at a Sig Thete bash.  Both the football and basktball cheer-
leaders hung out there, along with the women's gymnastics team.
"You haven't lived until you've sucked off a gymnast," Lisa told
me, "they have muscles in their pussies you wouldn't believe!"

Lisa's ability to get into the panties of just about any girl on
campus was astonishing.  She said that since all women have a
curiousity about lesbian sex, its not too difficult to "help them
along" the path.  

"What you have to do is, once you've picked out a yummy target, 
just imagine her naked in your arms, her breasts pressing against 
your belly as the two of you nibble at each other's pussy lips.  
You just get so horny that she knows you want her ass when you 
look at her.  I think girls can even subconsciously smell your 
cunt as it heats up.  Pretty soon she can't help but respond. After 
that, all you need is a room alone.  Sometimes you pull her into
the bathroom, sometimes a closet has to do.  One time I sucked off
a cheerleader under the stadium seats during a game!"

"Once in a while a chick will pull back, but sooner or later they
come knocking on your door.  The nicest piece of snatch I had in
high school was this girl Beth.  She was the sister of this guy I'd
been seeing.  I was over at his house one afternoon, and had just
fucked him when I heard Beth come home.  

"Beth was about 16, dark brown hair, glasses, really cute.  Kind of like
that Becky girl on 'Life Goes On', y'know?  Anyway I started talking to
her, and got her talking about guys and sex and stuff.  It was clear that
she was interested in sex, but was totally unexperienced.  I was telling
her about this guy I had fucked that summer, and how horny he made me. I
said that sometimes when I was alone I would pull down my panties and make
myself cum.  She was, like, totally shocked that I was saying this, but
didn't stop me.  Pretty soon I was telling her what it's like to be eaten
and stuff.  We were sitting *really* close on her bed. I told her that she
was a fox, and that she should have no trouble getting some stud into her 
pants.  She just blushed and stuff, but I was insistant and told her how hot 
she looked, and that if some guy didn't take her cherry soon, I would!

"I was about to kiss her, but she chickened out and pulled away.  I just
let her go, and acted like it was no big deal.

"Well, about two weeks later who should come by my locker at school but
little Beth.  She asked me if I wanted to talk some more.  I took her to
the lighting booth they use for school plays.  I stole the key from this
guy I sucked off in there one night.  It's nice and private.  Anyway,
I got her in there and just started to unbutton her blouse.  She tried
to act surprised and indignant but I knew better: we both knew why she
was there.  After I got her bra off I started sucking her tits.  She
just sighed and gave herself over to me.  There's an old mattress in there
leftover from one of those dopey plays they put on.  I pushed her down on
it, and spread her thighs open.  Honest-to-god, she wasn't wearing any 
panties!  This chickie was horny as hell.  I could see her clit already
standing out, and pussy juice all over her thighs.  She smelled like the
backroom of a whorehouse - I bet she'd been humping her hand for two weeks
thinking about me before she got up the nerve to make a move!

"Anyway, she was so hot that she even wore me out!  I introduced her to
some of my more serious lesbian friends, and she's never looked back. I
don't think she's even had a guy yet!"

I could feel my own pussy heating up.  Lisa's slutty stories made me
want to make up for all the lost time I'd spent being celibate.
I grabbed Lisa's dildo and smeared the head with KY jelly. "Want
some help?" Lisa asked.  "No, thanks.  I think I need to cum
by myself.  If tonight works out, I'm not going to be able to reach
for my cunt without running into some sluts' tongue."

Lisa giggled and went into the shower.  I lay back on my bed and
spread my thighs far apart.  Gently I pulled my pussy lips apart
and rubbed my mound with the slipper tip of the dildo.  It slowly
slipped into my box, and I began to pump it in and out.  My fingers
would brush against my clit when it plunged in.  My cunt was now
oozing its cream around the base of the plastic cock.  Grunting, I
picked up speed, thrusting the dildo deeper into my hot slit.

"Unh, Unh, Unh, feels so goood!"  My cunt got hotter and hotter as
I fucked myself.  I could feel the hard shaft all the way up to my
cervix.  My climax was cumming soon, I could feel it.  As my pleasure
increased even more juices poured out of my pussy, dripping down my
downy soft thighs onto the bed.  

I was lost in the lucious feelings that were overwhelming me when
I was suddenly aware that someone was looking into the room from behind
the door.  Lisa must have left it open a little, 'cause Jeff was
peering around the corner, looking for her.

"Lisa, are you here?"  Then he saw me spread-eagled on the bed. "Oh, 
sorry! I, uh....I was looking...umm..."

He stood in the doorway, his eyes fixed on the dildo sticking out of
my cunt.  I slowly pulled it out and tossed it aside.  It dripped KY
jelly and pussy juice in a big puddle on the floor.  I stroked my clit
with one hand, while cupping my breasts with the other.  "Hi Jeff!" I
said.  "Sorry we didn't get to talk last night, but you were so busy."
I smiled as I started thrusting my fingers into my hole.

"I was wondering if you were really as good a fuck as you sounded last
night.  Think you might want to give this pussy a try?  Lisa won't mind."

He hesitated by the doorway, confused by the change in my appearance
from a shy, timid bookworm to an aggressive, sex-hungry slut, who 
was offering her cunt to a guy who she had never even said hello to!

"C'mon Jeff, it's wet and soft!" I sucked some juice off my fingers.
"Mmmmmm, it's tasty too!  Would you like to see me jerk off?  Would that
make you horny enough to fuck me *hard*?"

Jeff came over and sat on the edge of my bed.  I streched out my legs 
to either side of him, and used my feet to pull him closer.  With my
thighs spread wide open before him, I pulled my pussy lips open, showing
him my pink inner cunt, still oozing white cream.  My clit stood straight
up, and I flicked it back and forth with my fingertips.  I reached out
and grabbed his right hand and brought it to my crotch.  Holding his
wrist, I touched his fingers to my cunt.  He got the idea and slowly began
stroking my lips, his hand getting slick with pussy juice.

I sat back and let him continue masturbating my pussy.  He intently stared
at my hole as he rubbed my mound and stuck first one, then two, then
three fingers up my hole.  I hadn't cum from my dildo fucking, and was
so horny that I felt myself starting to climax. 

"Unh, Unh, gonna cum, Kathi's gonna cream on your hand!  Yesss...feels 
so good...Mmmmm...Oh! Oh! OOHH!...Ohhhh..."

My thighs were straining apart as my orgasm hit. My cunt gripped his 
fingers as I came, getting them even slimier than before.  He kept 
stroking until my cum subsized and I sagged back onto the bed.  

"Wow, Jeff, that was pretty good!  Are you still horny enough to plug
me?  I can see your cock right through your jeans." I rubbed his
crotch, feeling his solid cock bulging under the denim.  Quickly he
stood up and dropped his pants.  He pulled his briefs down and his
cock bounced out.  A drop of pre-cum glistened at the tip.

"Yum!" I said. "It looks great. But do you know how to use it?"

Roughly he pushed me flat on the bad and jumped on top of me, spreading
my thighs open again with one motion.  I was so wet and slick that
he just slid right inside my cunt.  He was thicker than the dildo,
and warmer too.  I sighed with pleasure: eating pussy was great, but
it could never substitute for this.  Lisa was right again.

Jeff started pumping his cock in and out of my box.  I had made him
so hot with my masturbating that he didn't last too long, which was
just as well since my thighs were getting a little sore from being
spread so far apart.  He grabbed my ass and slammed into me as he
came, grunting with each spurt of cum.  I could feel our sex juices
mixing together and slowly leaking out of my pussy,further staining
the sheets. 

Now the room smelled like it does when Lisa is done with it.  I felt
like a true slut, and I loved it.

I looked up and saw Lisa by the door, watching Jeff lie on top of
me.  She smiled and gave me the "OK" sign with her hand.  Then she
ducked out for a second, and came back into the room again loudly.

She was still wearing only the towel from her shower.  "Hey! What's
going on here!" she yelled in mock anger.  "Jeff! I can't believe this.
I thought you were special!  Oh my God!"  Lisa slumped into her
chair and started sobbing. "Get out, just get out!" she cried, pointing
towards the door.

Jeff quickly pulled his pants on and, totally embarrassed and flustered,
rushed out the door, muttering apologies.  When he had gone Lisa looked
up and we broke into laughter.  Lisa came over and gave me a big kiss.


Kathi's Story - Part Four: The Frat Party    -   By Marlboro Man

Lisa and I layed out our new outfits, and started getting ready for
the party.  I noticed that Lisa had a pair of split-crotch panties, 
so that it looked like she was wearing underwear, but in fact her pussy
was totally open to the public when she spread her legs!  I eyed her
clean-shaven pussy with both lust and envy.

We got to the frat house around 10 o'clock and made our way down to
the bar.  The staircase was crowded, and we had to push our way through
the crowd.  I could feel several guys' hands pressing against my chest
and ass as we squeezed through.  Previously I would have gotten upset
at such behavior, but that night I turned to look at each guy who had
groped me, and gave him a big suggestive smile.  

By the time we got downstairs, Lisa and I had already made sure that
several guys would be hitting on us later on.  Near the bar I saw
Carl Fredericks, and decided to put Lisa's advice to the test.

"Hi Carl!  This is my roommate Lisa, I don't know if you've met." I
smiled sexily at him. "Listen, we kind of forgot our money tonight, 
and we're *real* thirsty!"

"No problem," he said turning to the guy behind the bar. "Hey, Scott,
put these two on the house list.  There, you're both on the frat in-house
list; you can drink as much as you want!"

We sidled up to him on both sides. "Thanks, Carl, you're a sweetie!"
Lisa and I both hugged him, making sure he could feel our tits beneath
our skimpy tops.  I got on my toes and gave him a deep tongue kiss while
Lisa's hands rubbed his crotch.  Then we grabbed our drinks and slipped
into the crowd, giggling.  Carl just stood there stunned, with a hard-on
bulging through his chinos.

We downed our drinks in the hallway outside.  Lisa was making eyes with
a dark-haired guy across the way.  I scanned the crowd.  Suddenly I
grabbed Lisa's arm and motioned.  At the end of the hall was a pair of
girls from the local high school.  They were clearly underage, and were
trying to get some guy to buy them a drink.  Unfortunately there had been
a few court cases that year about college guys giving booze to teenagers,
and these guys wanted no part of helping them out.  

Lisa told me to go for it, while she moved ahead to get better acquainted
with her pick-of-the-night.  I got two drinks at the bar and went up to
them.  God, they were cute!  One was blonde, about 16, with a sizable
chest and wearing a short skirt.  Her friend couldn't have been more than
14 or 15. She was dark-haired, with big brown eyes and a gorgeous innocent
looking face.  She could have been one of those girls on the cover of
"Seventeen."  I could see that even at her young age, she already had
a body that any twenty year-old would be proud of.

I approached them. "Hi guys!  You know anyone here?"  The two girls just 
shook their heads.  They were so nervous about getting caught it was cute.

"Here, have a drink.  I just got these for my friend, but I don't know
where she went, so you might as well have them.  I'm Kathi, by the way."

"Oh, sorry," the blonde said, "I'm Brenda, and this is Julie.  Wow, thanks
for the drinks, we didn't...I mean, we kind of...um"

"Forgot your money at home?  Yeah, so did I.  Luckily I know someone here
who got these for me.  So, you must be freshmen, huh?  What are you
studying?"  I got a kick out of teasing these two bunnies.

"Well, uh", said Julie, "we're not really...I..."

"OK, relax, I'm just kidding.  Gosh, you guys just might as well be
wearing your high school sweatshirts here.  Sorry to rib you like that,
but you ought to know that the guys here could get into a shitload of
trouble of they gave you beer!  No wonder no one's gotten you a drink
so far.  In this frat, any woman that isn't bought a drink in the first
ten minutes should give up and join a monastery!"

"So, how come you gave us these drinks?" Brenda asked.

"C'mon Bren!  No one's going to charge a girl with trying to get another
girl drunk."  I chuckled and added "I mean, what would be the point?"

I said that line sarcastically, but I think that Julie caught my meaning.
I eyed her appreciatively, following the curves of her body.  She just
acted quiet, but I could see a glint in her eye that wasn't in Brenda's.

I looked around the hallway, and pointed out the cute guys to Julie.
"God, the guys here are so cute!  I get wet just lookin' at'm.  Don't
you?  I bet they're really good in bed. I bet he'd like to get into your
panties, Julie!" I said, motioning to a hunky football player.  Julie
blushed.  "No, really.  I can see him giving you the eye.  There ain't
nothing those guys like more than young ass.  I bet if you were one year 
older they wouldn't leave you alone!"

Actually one or two guys did come over, but as soon as they heard Julie's
baby-ish voice and saw how young Brenda was up close, they bid a hasty
retreat.  God, the guy who got caught the last time must have really
been in serious shit for these guys to be so scared.  I didn't mind, though.
It just left the road clear for me.  The more I talked about sex, the
hornier Julie got.  I could see her shifting her ass and readjusting the
crotch of her tight jeans.  I stood closer and closer to her, until we
were practically arm in arm.  She felt nice and warm and smelled great.
"Is that the smell of 'Teen Spirit'?", I asked Julie, sniffing around her 
ears. She just giggled and blushed some more.

"Hey, let me re-fill that!"  I said, grabbing Julie's cup.  I got the
bartender to give her a drink that was around 80% alcohol, and 20% mixer.
Little Julie downed three of these, trying to be one of the big girls.
Soon she was so drunk she had trouble standing up.  Brenda was pissed
that Julie had gotten so smashed, and that I was essentially ignoring
her.  When I came back I told them that I had heard some campus cops
coming this way, looking for drinking violations.  Brenda got scared
and wanted to leave immediately, but Julie was in no shape to make a run
for their car.  She would be spotted staggering, and be arrested.

"Listen, Brenda.  Why don't you go for the car, and I'll take Julie 
upstairs where she can crash until she's sober.  That way you'll both
be OK."  That was fine with Brenda who just wanted out.  She'd gotten
neither booze or male attention, and had already written the night off
as a wipeout.  She took off the back way.

I pulled Julie upstairs to the dorm rooms.  I spotted Carl by the door,
and told him I needed a bedroom for my friend to sleep in. He let us in
a spare bedroom on the second floor. I flopped Julie face-down on the bed.

"Thanks again, Carl.  I really owe you!" I took his hand and placed it
on my tits.  I looked into his eyes and whispered, "You really turn me
on!  I'm going to suck off this little bitch right now, but why don't 
you come back later?"  I gave him another deep kiss and nudged him out
the door.

I turned to look at my catch for the night.  Julie was lying curled up
on the bed.  I rolled her over on her back and unbuttoned her jeans.
I edged them down over her hips and pulled them off.  Next I pulled her
shirt over her head.  She kind of muttered a little while I was undresing
her, but didn't resist.  She probably thought I was her Mom, putting her
to bed.  I unclasped her bra and rolled down her panties.

She was now naked on the bed.  I took all her clothes and shoved them 
into a dresser drawer.  Sitting by her, I stroked her soft skin all
over.  She was very curvy for a 14 year-old.  Her tits were still growing,
but were already plump and firm.  I wished I had a set like them when
I was that young.

Gently, I rolled her onto her back and spread her thighs.  Her pussy was
almost hairless, with a only little tuft of pubic hair on her mound.
I rubbed her inner thighs up to her crotch.  Leaning forward, I sniffed
her cunt.  Her aroma was fantastic.  I could tell she had been really
worked up.  With my fingers I pulled her lips apart to give her clit a
chance to poke out.

It only took a little stroking for Julie's pussy to start juicing up
again.  Her little clit got firm and stood up on its own.  Some pussy
juice began to collect at the base of her hole.  I used my fingers to
smear it all over her slit.  My mouth was watering, just looking at this
virgin cunt.  I softly blew air over her mound.  Julie began squirming
on the bed, and would soon be awoken by my arousing touches. I put my 
tongue on her outer lips and lapped carefully the entire length of her 
hairless teenage slit.  Lisa was right again.  This pussy tasted better
than ever.  So sweet.  So young and untouched.  Not even a cock had
gotten there before me!

"Mmmmm.." Julie moaned, now becoming aware of what was going on.  I
thrust my tongue deep up her snatch, and she jumped up with a yelp.
Before she could even think of pushing my head away, I clamped down on
her clit with my lips and swirled the tip of my tongue over and over
it.  Her love button throbbed with lust and she gasped with a jolt
of pleasure.

"Ohhh, Kathi...Mmmmmm...that feels soooo gooood!  Yes, yes! Lick it!
Lick it hard!"  She had pushed whatever uncertainty she had about my
making love to her away, and lay back on the covers, spreading her legs
even farther apart to give me total access to her cunt.  She cupped
her tits in her hands and pinched her light brown nipples.

Julie's little ass was squrming from side to side as I munched away
at her cunt.  I grabbed both cheeks with my hands to steady her as I
crammed my tongue inside her pussy, tasting her sweet juice.  As she
got closer and closer to cumming, she got an even tangier taste.  Soon
she was writhing in my hands, screaming with passion for me to lick,
lick, lick her pussy.  Her hips bounced up and down on the bed as
she came, pouring out more love juices until her thighs were totally
covered with the creamy fluid.

I crawled up her body and lay on top of her, feeling the softness of
her virginal, young form.  She grabbed my head and tongue kissed me
with the urgency only the first time can give.  I let her tongue explore
my mouth before it moved down my body. Now that she'd climaxed, she
wanted to try out her newly-found sexuality on me.  

I quickly slipped out of my blouse and skirt.  Julie slobbered her
way down my body, nibbling at my tits and belly, until she came to my
panties.  This was a big step for her.  There is a big difference between
getting and giving head, and she knew it.  Anyone can receive oral sex,
but you have to really be either bisexual or lesbian to give it.  I
almost wished I had Lisa's open-crotched panties so that Julie would
already be looking at and smelling my dripping pussy.  She could chicken
out even now.  I smiled seductively at her as she toyed with my panty
waistband.  I stretched out my body before her, pulling the skimpy crotch
of my underwear up into my cunt, so that my pussy lips bulged out on
either side.  

The scent of hot pussy drifted up to Julie.  She looked so beautiful
as she looked at me with confidence.  She made her choice and pulled
my panties down to my knees.  Smiling, she started to lightly tongue
my outer cuntal lips.  I hadn't cum yet that evening, and was so hot
that almost the slightest touch would push me over the edge.  Seeing
this horny teenage slut, who I had met not two hours before, now naked
in a college frat bedroom tonguing my clit was the most intense erotic
feeling I had had since, well, that afternoon!  

I moaned with desire as my little lesbian-in-training ran her lips up
and down my creamy slit.  She thrust two, then three fingers up my box,
feeling the wet walls of my cunt, pulsing with heat.  She was a talented
bitch.  I could feel her hands pulling my pussy lips apart, exposing my
clit to her soft breath.  She alternately tongued and blew warm air over
my love nubbin until I came, panting and grunting into her mouth.  Now
it was her turn to have cuntal juices smeared all over her face, and 
dripping down her neck, onto her small, heaving tits.

Julie rolled over and closed her eyes. The alcohol was taking control,
and she soon fell asleep.  I got dressed and quietly slipped out the
door, grabbing Julie's clothes and stuffing them into a bag.  This
should cause her some trouble, I giggled to myself.

I bumped into Lisa on the way downstairs.  She had dumped the guy she 
had met, and wanted to know what happened with my piece of jailbait.  I 
motioned to the the room I had just left and Lisa went in and closed the 
door.  After one or two minutes I could hear Julie moaning again as she 
climbed to another climax from my Lisa's soft tongue.

As I was waiting for Lisa to finish her snack, Carl walked by.  I told
him that I would have to take a raincheck, but that if he wanted some
poontang, he should check out the bedroom.  I handed him Julie's clothes.
"Here, this should give her some incentive if she doesn't want to put out.
Take it from me, she gives great head!"

Lisa came out in a few minutes, Julie's cream all over her face.  Carl
watched as I licked Lisa clean.  We both gave him a kiss, making sure to
wipe some of our teen-slut's juices over his face.  Laughing, we said
goodnight, and headed home.  The last we saw of Carl, he was rushing into
Julie's room.  As we left the frat, Lisa whispered to the campus cop by
the door that a high school girl was drunk upstairs in the guest bedroom.

That night, Lisa and I slept in each other's arms, looking forward to
the rest of a great academic year!



This concludes this series.  Look for Lisa's Story
--
