Archive-name: Bondage/kathysag.txt
Archive-author: Shawn Green
Archive-title: Kathy's Gag

=============================================================================

    My girlfriend and I have both enjoy a lot of bondage mixed with our
sex.  Recently we've added tickling as one of the torments we use on one
another.  We each find it very exciting to tie the other down and explore
our lovers ticklish areas while she thrashes frantically against her bonds.
I've discovered that my lovers feet and the sides and underside of her
breasts are her most ticklish areas.  She usually comes from the tickling
alone but her orgasms are much more intense if I fuck her with a dildo while
I tickle her.  Lately we have been trying to out do each other in coming up
with devious bondage positions and tortures.  The following is both a story
about a torture I used on her and a plea for new and original ideas.

    Drawing on my experiences with a rather devious torture that a lover of
mine used on me several years ago, I set about designing and building a new
bondage device for use on my girlfriend.  I started with a wooden bar stool
(four legs, wooden top), first I cut two circular notches out of the edge of
the top so that a person could sit in the center of the stool (with one of
the stool legs in front of them) and their legs would extend straight down to
the floor.  Next I drilled a hole in the center of the stool wide enough to
accept my 10" dildo and still have room to be lined with leather.  I glued
foam to the top of the stool then covered it with leather (actually fake
leather) and extended the cover down into the center hole.  I now had a stool
with a sculpted padded leather top with an ominous hole in the center.  Next
I glued two short pieces of wood (1" x 1" x 6") on opposite sides of the hole
on the bottom of the stool then I drilled a 1/4" hole through both of them
across the hole in the stool.  In order to make the stool more stable I
screwed the legs to a 3' square piece of plywood.  The final step was to
drill a 1/4" hole through the base of my 10" dildo.  Now I was ready for my
victim.

    I kept my new toy in one of my spare bedrooms, a place I knew Alex
wouldn't go, and waited for the weekend to arrive.  That Saturday it was
unusually warm out so Alex and I layed in the sun on my deck.  When we came
in around 3:00 I told her that I had cooked up something special for her and
asked her if she was interested in finding out what it was.  I wouldn't give
her any hints and so she finally agreed to just go along with me and find out.
I produced a short leather thong and a roll of wide tape, using the leather
thong I tied her hands behind her back then I taped her mouth before she
could ask any more questions.

    I led my captive lover to the spare bedroom and sat her down on the edge
of the bed so she could watch as I prepared my suprise.  I pulled a small box
of toys out from under the bed and put it in the corner of the room so Alex
couldn't see what was in it.  Positioning the stool under a screw eye in the
ceiling, I climbed up on it and tied a length of rope to the screw eye.  Next
I took an arm binder and a short leather thong from my box of toys and
brought them over to Alex.  Two quick tugs on the bows on her bikini strings
and her top fell to the floor exposing two well formed breasts with hard
nipples the size of small thimbles each with a gold ring through them.  I
allowed myself a few caresses with my fingers and my tongue before continuing
my little game.  The arm binder I used was a leather strap about 3" wide, it
went across her back below her shoulder blades, under her arms, up over her
shoulders and buckled behind her neck.  Using the leather thong, I pulled her
bound wrists up to the D ring on the arm binder and tied them there, I made
sure they were tight enough to keep her from moving her arms but not tight
enough to be uncomfortable.

    I dragged Alex up off the bed and pulled her over to the stool then forced
her to sit with her legs in the notches I had cut in the top.  I tied the rope
hanging from the ceiling to the D ring on the arm binder then tied another
piece of rope from the D ring to the rear leg of the stool.  Taking two lengths
of rope, I tied one to each of her ankles then drew the ankle up the side leg
of the stool and tied it near the top.  She now found herself straddling my
custom stool with her legs drawn back and up and being supported by a rope
from the ceiling.  Next I untied the bows on her bikini bottom and pulled it
out from under her then I spent some time licking and stroking her breasts and
fingering her pussy until she was good and wet.  From my box of toys I got my
10" dildo and a short piece of wooden dowel, when Alex saw the dildo her eyes
widened and she began moaning and shaking her head "no" (she had a good idea
what I was up to by now).  Reaching under the stool, I slid the dildo up
through the hole in the stool top and into Alex's dripping pussy while she
squirmed and moaned.  When the dildo was fully inserted into her I lined up
the hole in the base with the holes in the blocks under the stool and slid the
dowel through.  My lover now sat in a rigid upright position squirming on the
dildo that impaled her.  By using her legs she could slid herself a few inches
up and down on the dildo.

    When I removed the tape from her mouth the first thing she asked was "What
are you going to do to me?!".  I just smiled and went over to my box of toys
and got a long soft feather.  When she saw the feather she screamed "NO!" and
began to plead with me and struggle against her bonds.  I explained to her
that I was going to tickle her and she was going to fuck herself with her
struggles.  I then laid the feather on the bed in front of her and left her
there to think about what was to come.  I gave her about 5 minutes to think and
struggle then I returned and picked up the long feather and began tickling her
stomach and inner thighs while she begged and squirmed. Soon her begging gave
way to giggles and bursts of laughter.  After a while I changed to a smaller
feather and expanded my tickling to include her breasts.  Once I started
tickling the undersides of her breasts her laughter became mixed with small
shrill screams.  Eventually I changed to a short stiff feather and moved
around behind her and tickled her ass cheeks and the crack of her ass.  This
got her vigorously bouncing up and down on the dildo that impaled her and
brought on her first orgasm.  I took a small break while her body trembled in
the wake of her orgasm and went to my box of toys and got out an inflatable
gag which I fully deflated, forced into her mouth and strapped tightly around
her head.  I clipped the inflation ball to one of the arm binder straps so it
wouldn't be hanging and get in the way of my work on her breasts.

    When she had recovered a little I explained to her that I was going to
continue to torture her until she had 5 more orgasms and that if I thought she
was faking one I'd torture her for an extra hour.  She responded with a
wide-eyed shaking of her head and a muffled "no".  When I added that I had
put off tickling her feet until she was gagged, her head shaking became more
frantic (she thought I was being merciful by not tickling them).  Taking up
the stiff feather again, I started with her stomach and inner thighs and
quickly moved to her breasts.  When her screams got louder and her struggles
more frantic I would stop and pump the gag up a little then start tickling
her again.  When I finally got to the soles of her feet she was bucking so
wildly that I had to put my weight on the stool to keep it still.

    Five orgasms later it was apparent the tickling and dildo were definitely
doing the job I had intended.  I had advanced to using a small paint brush on
her, the gag had been pumped up to fill her mouth completely, her screams were
very muffled now and her juices were dripping off the seat of the stool and
running down her legs.  I removed her from the stool, leaving her arms bound
up behind her back, and forced her to kneel on the floor facing the side of
the bed.  Tossing off my bikini, I sat on the edge of the bed in front of her
and removed her gag.  I told her that she owed me a few orgasms and if she
didn't do a very good job I'd put her back on the stool and torture her for
another hour.  Then I drew her mouth to my swollen pussy and laid back, closed
my eyes and enjoyed her expert tongue while replaying the sight of my bound
lover frantically trying to escape from my tickling.

   That was all a little less than a week ago, she has promised (or threatened)
to put me into the stool and extract a little revenge.  I have no doubt that
if she gets me tied up on that stool she will torture me as completely as I
tortured her.  Mmmmm...  I guess I can't wait.....  But until then I'm trying
to come up with some new ideas to spring on her, so if any of you have any
great ideas for tying and tickle torturing a woman I NEED THEM!

						Kathy

=============================================================================

    A little while ago I posted a story and request for ideas about bondage
and tickling.  This is a followup about the ordeal Alex cooked up to get
even with me.  Before I start I should probably explain a few things about
Alex and myself.  We have been lovers for several years now and while we
regularly tie and torment each other, I view myself as being submissive and
masochistic and Alex as dominant and sadistic (oh how she can be sadistic!).
Fortunately this works out quite well for us :-).  In devising torments for
Alex it is quite rare that I actually manage to out do things she has
previously done to me mainly because I'm not much into inflicting pain on
her and I think she knows this and uses it to her advantage.  When we added
tickling to our bondage this opened a whole new world of possibilities for me
because we are both terribly ticklish and I don't view tickling as inflicting
pain.  It seems that the last little torture I dreamed up for her was the most
out of control she has ever been and showed her just how merciless I can be
given the right situation.  Not to be upstaged, she was determined to show me
that she hadn't lost her touch when it came to torturing me.  She insisted
on using the device I had designed.  Considering the amount of bondage in
our sexual lives I didn't see that I really had much of a choice (besides
I was kind of excited about it), it was just a matter of time until she had
me in a position where I couldn't resist.  I agreed that she would get her
chance Friday night and so after our usual evening at the gym we returned to
my house with her toting along a bag of toys.

    Soon after we got to my house Alex had me strip then grabbed her bag of
toys and led me down to the basement where we had stored my famous torture
stool.  Once there she put leather cuffs on my wrists and fastened them behind
my back.  She dragged the stool out to the center of the basement play area and
sat me in it.  Then she took two lengths of rope and attached them to screw
eyes about 7' off the floor on the walls on either side of the stool I was
sitting in.  The other ends of the ropes had snap hooks which she attached to
the cuffs on my wrists after releasing them from behind my back.  As she
tightened the ropes, drawing my arms up and out, I began to get the idea, she
wanted to be able to get to the areas under my arms and along the sides of my
chest.  She seemed proud of her little innovation and I knew I was in trouble.
Using two more lengths of rope, she bound my ankles back along the sides of the
stool as high as she could.  It was hard to keep from swaying forward but she
soon had a fix for that.  She put a 3" wide leather strap across my back below
my shoulder blades, ran it under my arms, over my shoulders and buckled it
behind my head.  Standing on the rungs of the stool, she attached a length of
rope to an overhead screw eye and then tied the other end to the D ring on the
strap across my back.  She attached another piece of rope to the D ring but
just let it hang behind me.  Now I was curious, I was certain she was going to
attach it to the back of the stool to hold me down as I had done with her.

    My repeated questions earned me a piece of tape over my mouth.  Now that I
was quite helpless to change the course of the evening she promised me that my
ordeal would be something that I wouldn't soon forget.  She slowly removed her
clothes while fondling my body and stroking my pussy.  When she was completely
naked, and had driven me to the brink of orgasm, she picked up my 10" dildo
and pulled a directors chair over in front of me and sat in it.  She told me
that if I squirmed around and brought myself to orgasm that my next orgasm
would be with her working on my breasts with a riding crop.  Sliding down into
the chair, she put her legs up over the arm rests presenting me with a good
view of her pussy.  While I watched she slowly worked the dildo into her pussy
and began fucking herself with it while fingering her clit.  As she worked on
herself she went into vivid detail about what it was going to be like to be
tickle tortured in my current position.  I was beginning to wonder how good an
idea it was to let her tie me this way, my earlier excitement was giving way
to a feeling of apprehension.  It wasn't long before she had brought herself to
orgasm.  When she had calmed down she got out of the chair, picked up a small
wooden dowel and came over to me holding up the moist dildo and telling me that
it was now my turn.  She reached under the stool and I felt the dildo slid up
under me until the tip was touching my pussy lips.  Using two fingers to part
my pussy lips, she worked the dildo into me until I thought it wouldn't go any
further then she pushed it a little deeper.  Taking the dowel, she pinned the
dildo into place on the underside of the stool.  I now knew what she had felt
like when I had put her into this position, every move I made caused my muscles
to grip the dildo that was impaling me.  She laughed at the expression on my
face and told me that that was just a start.

    From her bag of toys she removed a gag with a 6" dildo on it, the gag was
designed to go in the mouth and leave the dildo free to be used for fucking.
At first I couldn't see why she would use a gag like that on me since I was in
no position to use the dildo on her.  Then out came the tube of KY and as she
began greasing the dildo my stomach dropped out.  She was going to put it in
my ass!  I knew it was useless but I screamed and struggled anyway.  She seemed
to love my reaction and with a wicked grin she moved around behind me carring
the greased dildo.  I tried to rock my weight back so she couldn't get to my
ass hole but she put her weight into me and forced me to lean forward then I
felt the cold tip of the dildo enter my ass.  I knew from experience that
fighting it would only make it hurt more so I stopped my struggling and relaxed
and let her slid the dildo into my ass.  When she had it completely in me she
used a leather thong to tie the gag to the top of the stool. She then tied the
rope hanging from the D ring to the back leg of the stool while explaining to
me that she was leaving plenty of slack so I would get the full effect of both
dildos moving in and out of me when I raised up off the stool.  I was now
completely stuffed, I could feel the two dildos rubbing against each other
within my body.  My feeling of dread was rapidly increasing, I could still
vividly remember Alex bouncing around on the dildo while I tickled her.  She
stood in front of me now and admired her work then she told me she wanted me
to know what it was going to be like when I struggled and reached forward and
tickled my ribs.  I had never been fucked in my ass and pussy at the same time
before and the feeling of both dildos moving in and out of me as I jumped was
like nothing I imagined.  She said I should see the look on my face when I
moved then she produced a long feather and placed it in the directors chair in
front of me.  She peeled the tape off my mouth, stepped up on a rung on the
stool and kissed me then pointed to the feather and said "Think about it lover".
I was already begging as she left the basement.

    She gave me a while to think about what was going to happen as I had done
with her.  The time alone was quite effective, it gave me an opportunity to
see just how helpless I was and to think about all the things she could do to
me in this position.  I tried to work my wrists out of the cuffs but she had
been careful to tighten them correctly and every move I made reminded me of
the dildos that were in me.  When she returned she told me she wasn't going to
gag me yet.  She wanted to hear me scream the way she had screamed and when I
got too loud she would use the same technique I did with the inflatable gag.
Then she remarked that I seemed to be sweating a little, was I nervous?  Using
the long feather she started at the insides of my knees and, despite my
pleading, quickly worked her way up my inner thighs.  By the time she had
reached my stomach my eyes were watering so much I couldn't see, I was laughing
hysterically and bouncing around on the dildos that impaled me.  Before she
could get to my ribs I had my first orgasm and thought I was going to pass out.
At this point she stopped and got out the inflatable gag.  She made a show of
making sure it was fully deflated while reminding me that I had tortured her
through 6 orgasms and that I still had 5 to go.  I refused to let her put the
gag in my mouth and tried to bargain with her, if she would remove the dildo
from my ass I'd let her gag me.  This didn't work very well, she stepped around
behind me and, grabbing a handful of hair, pulled my head back until she could
force the gag in.  After strapping the gag on she changed to a short stiff
feather and started in on my ribs.  I had completely lost any sense of time,
all I was aware of was the feather traveling over my ribs and up into my arm
pits, the dildos moving in and out of me, the sweat running down my body and 
my screams.  After pumping up the gag a little she got a good laugh out of the
way I rode the dildos while she tickled my ass cheeks and the crack of my ass.
Finally she changed to a small paint brush, one of the most devious tickle
torture implements we had come up with.  She pumped the gag up to fully fill
my mouth and let me know that she hadn't forgot about my feet and toes.  When
she started on my feet I thought I would die, I couldn't think straight, I
couldn't scream through the gag and I couldn't control the spasms running
through my body.  My eyes were so teared that I couldn't see, my awareness was
limited to the brush traveling over my feet, the dildos moving inside me,
the uncontrollable spasms running through me, sweat running off my body and
blurs of color in front of my eyes.

    The torture seemed to go on forever, when she stopped again I wasn't sure
how many orgasms I had had but I knew I had had several violent ones.  When
my eyes cleared she was standing in front of me watching me.  She ran her hands
over my sweaty body and told me that she had one other torment in mind for me
and that my fighting her attempts to gag me had convinced her that she should
use it.  She untied the small dildo from the stool and removed it from my ass
then she unpinned the larger one and slid it out of me.  I was getting quite
sore and I was glad to have the dildos removed but I was afraid of what she
might have in mind for me.  Alex has her sadistic spells as I have my
masochistic ones and I was certain she was planning to cause me some pain.
Out of her bag of toys she produced a japanese sewing clamp to which she
attached a short leather thong then she attached a spring and a large weight
to the other end of the thong.  She held the clamp with its attachments up in
front of my eyes and asked me if I remembered how she had used this on me
before.  Noding "yes", I  closed my eyes and waited for what I knew was next.
When I felt her fingers expose my swollen clit I couldn't help but remember the
time she had tied me standing spread eagle and attached a clamp with a weighted
spring to my clit then whipped me.  She was very gentle when she closed the
clamp on my clit and positioned the thong so that the weight and spring hung
off the edge of the stool.  But I knew that when I started to struggle again
the bouncing weight would take its toll on my clit.  I knew she was going to
whip me but I wasn't prepared for the doubled up piece of neoprene tubing that
she produced from her bag.  It had been a while since she had really inflicted
heavy pain on me, this was going to be one of those times.  

    Though I knew what to expect from a whipping, I wasn't ready for the pain
the tubing could inflict.  When the first lash landed across the exposed part
of my ass I think I screamed louder than ever before.  Everytime I jerked from
a lash of the whip, my clit would be mercilessly tugged by the bouncing weight
and spring.  She delivered a total of ten lashes across my ass while telling
me how much my struggles and muffled screams excited her.  When she stepped
around in front of me I could see that she was working on her clit with her
left hand and I knew she would work me over until she came.  She brushed my
left breast with the tubing and smiled as I frantically shook my head "no".
When the first lash landed on my breast it triggered one of the most violent
orgasms I think I've ever had.  I don't remember struggling very much while she
continued whipping my breasts, I just remember the sound of the whip, the pain
in my breasts and my screaming.  She had delivered eight slow lashes, five to
my left breast and three to my right, before she brought herself to orgasm and
collapsed into the chair in front of me.  I think the weighted clamp on my clit
was wasted at this point, I hardly noticed its tugging during the whipping, all
my senses were centered on the impact of the tubing with my breasts.  Having
your breasts whipped with a small diameter plastic tube is something a woman
will not easily forget, hardly any marks are left but the pain is tremendous.  

    When Alex had recovered, she removed the clamp from my clit, the gag from
my mouth and took me down off the stool.  I was so weak and sore I could hardly
walk.  She helped me up the stairs and put me into a hot bath while she cleaned
up downstairs and took a shower in the other bathroom.  When she returned she
dragged me out of the bath, helped me dry off then took me to bed.  That was
several days ago and I'm still sore from the ordeal she put me through.  As I
said before, I'm not much into inflicting pain on Alex but I'm considering
giving her a taste of her own medicine.  I'm still looking for a few good ideas
but now I'm willing to consider things that are a little more sadistic than
tickling although probably nothing too serious.  Any good ideas out there??

						Kathy
--
