Kathi's Story - Part One: Living with Lisa     -    By Marlboro Man


My roommate Lisa is a real slut.  

I knew that when she brought a guy back to our room the first 
night in the dorm.  I had to camp out in the lounge with the 
Scrabble geeks while she got pounded in our room.  The next 
morning the whole room smelled of sex.  I even found a pool of
dried cum and pussy juice on my dresser.

Luckily she's got a really hot body and a gorgeous face, and is
hard to stay angry at - especially when she gives you one of her
broad, shining smiles.  I think she could easily be a fashion 
model if she wanted to - kind of a blonde Cindy Crawford, without
the mole.  But Lisa wants no part of it.  "Models don't get to fuck
enough" she claims.  I don't know how much would be "enough" for 
Lisa: she's got a pretty high libido.  I don't think she's gone 
a single day here at school without at least one sex partner.

At first, I was annoyed by her sluttish behavior because it threw me
out of the room.  But one afternoon I told her that her throwing me
out so she could screw boyfriend #16 really pissed me off, and
she surprised me by telling me that she didn't care whether or not I
stayed.  So from then on, whenever she came back to the room with a
guy, I just stayed on my bed reading.

Some of the guys were freaked out about having me in the room, but they
soon learned that since Lisa didn't care, if they didn't go along 
with it they wouldn't get into her pants.  Over the first week I
watched Lisa screw five guys out of the corner of my eye.  Usually
they would just hump under her covers, and so while I was able to
hear almost every detail, I never got to see the guy's cocks.  At
the time that's what I was straining to catch a glimpse of.  It didn't
occur to me that Lisa was where I should have been directing my
attention.

One Friday night she brought a guy named Jeff back to the room after
they had seen a movie.  She pulled him onto her bed and began kissing
him.  He noticed me across the room, but I just played it cool.  I 
could see that Jeff was a little uncomfortable at first.  When he and 
Lisa started making out he kept peeking over at me, but I just sat 
there with my book.  Gradually Lisa started to tug at his clothes, 
trying to take off his shirt.  It was clear, however, that he didn't
want to go any further with me in the room.  He tried to get Lisa to 
come with him over to his room but she had settled into her bed and 
wasn't going to move.  

"This is it, Jeff," she said. "Lisa's pussy opens up on this bed, and
this bed only!"  She sat back and smiled, pulling her tube top over her 
head.  Her tits flopped out and she cupped them in her hands.  As I 
would learn later, Lisa never wore a bra if she didn't have to.

Now, I've seen women's breasts before, but even I was impressed with
these beauties.  Soft and firm, they sat perkily on her chest, just
begging to be sucked and caressed.  After that Jeff sort of forgot
that I was there.  He grabbed Lisa by the waist and started off.  I
pretended to keep reading, but kept my eyes on the action on Lisa's
bed.  She tore off her clothes revealing her smooth hard body.  Jeff
looked pretty good himself and I started getting excited watching the
two of them fool around. 

Jeff moaned as Lisa pulled off his briefs and gently licked at the
head of his cock.  He fondled her tits as she took him into her mouth
and started to pump his cock in and out.  I could see Lisa's saliva
leaking out the corners of her mouth, running down her neck.  She got
on her knees for a better angle, and raised her ass up off the bed.
I got my first clear look at her pussy.  It was soft and hairless.  Her 
lips poked out pretty far and her clitoris was clearly visible.  As she
shifted her hips, her labia opened a little and some of her creamy
lubrication began dripping out.  She reached back with one hand and
held her pussy open with two fingers while a third gently prodded her
clit from side to side.

I started getting hot watching this smooth-skinned blonde slut finger
her pussy right in front of me.  Now, I'd seen other girl's twats in the
gym shower and all, but never juicy and spread open like this.  I could
see how her lips got all swollen with her cum-lust.  Little drops of
cunt juice glistened on her pubic hairs as her fingers probed and stroked.
I'm no lesbo, but I felt like going over and just sticking my tongue up 
that steamy box, and getting my face sticky with her cream.  I leaned
forward and stared as Lisa's ass swayed from side to side as she moaned
into Jeff's cock, now furiously pumping down her throat.

Unfortunately just as Lisa was about to push her fingers directly into
her box, Jeff started to cum.  He grabbed her head and pounded
vigorously into her mouth.  Lisa had to use both hands to keep her
balance.  He must have poured a lot of cum into her mouth because she
didn't swallow it all.  I could see some of it on her tongue and lips
as she swirled it around in her mouth.  Smiling, she swallowed the rest
and licked her face clean.  Lisa was about to pull Jeff down to her
pussy, but just then he leaned over and switched off the light and 
pulled the blanket over the two of them.  Now I couldn't see them, 
but Lisa's slurping and moaning left little to the imagination.  I lay
back on the bed and rubbed my pussy through my jeans, imagining that
I was joining Lisa and Jeff under the covers.

It wasn't exactly like I wasn't getting any male attention at school.
I mean, I've got a slim bod, medium to small breasts, and long dark hair.
A few guys had already asked me out, but I just didn't move as fast
as Lisa did, and I guess I was feeling left out, not to mention being
horny as hell.  My usual internal dating schedule went something like ,
talking on the first date, a good night hug or kiss on the second, light 
kissing on the third, and general making out and necking on the fourth.
If I really liked the guy I would let him start feeling my tits and ass 
after that.  I'd only gone all the way twice in my life, so you can see
how Lisa's moving from the initial "Can I buy you a drink?" to "Ow! You're
on my hair!" in one evening left me out in the cold.  Frustrated, I sank
beneath my covers and fingered my pussy while listening to Lisa's squishy 
cunt get tongued and sucked.

The next morning I watched through my sheets as Lisa led Jeff naked 
into the bathroom where they shared a shower before he left for team
practice.  I could hear the shower stall shaking next door as he fucked 
her against the wall.  Lisa's grunts of pleasure echoed through the
room.

When Lisa came back into the room, she was wrapped only in a towel.
She plopped herself down in the easy chair and just sat, watching
the trees rustle in the breeze outside.  I pretended I was still asleep.
Absently, Lisa began to stroke her breasts.  She opened the towel,
showing me those fabulous globes again.  Her hands stroked and cupped
them, her fingers softly pinching her nipples.  Her left hand began
to slide across her smooth belly.  It gradually snaked down to her 
crotch, and one by one, she pulled her thighs back until they were
almost at 90 degrees to her waist.  Her cunt was now fully exposed, and
her pussy lips were pulled apart.  The scent of her juices wafted forth
as she gently stroked her pussy.  Her little clit pointed out of its
hood, and her fingers softly pushed it back and forth.  

She sighed and shifted in her seat.  With her eyes closed, her head
lay back and her fingers began to stroke her clit in earnest.  I
watched in amazement as she unashamedly masturbated in the middle of
the room by an open window.  Soon she began to moan as her climax 
approached.  Her fingers blurred over her pussy as her hips started
to churn up and down.  Grunting and gasping, she came over her hand,
her cunt coating her fingers with creamy lubrication.

I guess I had forgotten that I was supposed to be asleep 'cause I
had sat fully up, and was staring open mouthed at her brazen display
of lust.  My right hand was busy at my own cunt.  Lisa opened her eyes 
and looked over to me.  Embarrassed, I broke away and tried to pretend
nothing had happened but Lisa knew better.  She came over and sat next
to me on the bed and began unbuttoning my nightshirt.  I should have
stopped her, but before I knew it she had pulled off my shirt and had
pushed me back onto the bed.  With a form grip, she pulled my thighs
apart, pressing them back up towards my tits.

Slowly she knelt between my legs and began kissing and licking her
way up my thighs.  When she got to my pussy she took a deep breath
and let her tongue play across my lips.  It was the most incredible
feeling I'd ever felt.  I've had guys inside me, and have even gotten
licked once or twice, but the thrill of having this luscious soft baby
sucking on my box was just too much.  

Lisa kept on licking my lips until I pulled her head closer in.  She
pointed her tongue and shoved it straight up my cunt, tasting all my
inner juices.  I saw that she was fingering her own pussy while she
was tongueing mine, so I pulled her hips towards me.  She had obviously
done this before, since she swing right around in one motion, and
rotated her hips so that her cunt was right at my mouth level. I had
never tasted another girl's vagina before, but was so hot that I guess
I dove right in.  Lisa had a shaved pussy, and her lips were soft and
tender.  No wonder she had such a steady stream of guys at her door.

I stuck out my tongue and got my first taste of cunt.  I never really
thought of how I tasted, but now with my face in another girl's pussy,
I wondered how my snatch juices were to Lisa.  I guessed that when I
kissed her later (as I knew I would) I would get my answer.  For now,
I was enjoying the feeling of Lisa's pussy on my tongue.  I slurped and
licked and gobbled and sucked on her juicy cunny.  We must have lay there
for over an hour, just tasting and getting to know each other's vaginas
as we drifted from orgasm to orgasm.  Finally I lay back, my face and
neck all covered with Lisa-juice.  

Lisa crawled up to me and started to lick me clean.  I was so touched
by this gesture that I also started to tongue my lubricating juice off
of Lisa's face.  Our tongues quickly found each other and we eagerly
dove into each other's mouths, tasting and probing.  Lisa was a better
french-kisser than any boy I had ever gone out with, and I was starting
to wonder if I was becoming a lesbian.

Lisa's tongue thrust its way down my throat, and I sucked on its length.
We swapped saliva back and forth for another 30 minutes before Lisa pulled
back and collapsed next to me, her arms wrapping themselves around my
waist.  "Good Morning, Roomie!" she said with a giggle.  It was only
then that I realized we had gone this entire time without talking. Our
lusts had spoken for us, and our moans of passion were all the conversation
that was needed.

"That was fabulous!" I said, caressing her breasts. "If I'd known what
all those guys were getting, I wouldn't have waited until now to get some
myself."  Lisa snorted. "As I recall it, you weren't the one to make the
first move.  I had to put on that show for you and literally grab your
pussy before you joined in!"

"That's true," I said, "and I'm so glad you did.  I love the way your
tongue felt up my cunt and in my mouth.  How did you learn to lick
another girl like that?" "Practice!" Lisa said with a grin.  "I started
out when I was young."  Lisa was only 18 years old - I smiled to think
of the lucky bitch who got to be the first one to dive between those
milky-white pre-teen thighs.  

"I was at summer camp and one of the older girls got me alone in the
shower room one night.  She said that she would give me a shampoo, but
after she got my hair full of lather, she started rubbing the foam
down onto my shoulders and arms.  I guess I didn't seem startled or
pull away, so she kept going, and started lathering my tits.  Now, I
wasn't exactly as big as I am today, but I had a nice set of breasts,
fairly sizable for my age.  Actually I think they were just a little
smaller than yours are."

I blushed and tried to pull the sheets over my chest.

"No, no!" Lisa said, "I like'm that size.  You know, anything more
than a mouthful is wasted!"  Lisa pulled the covers down and cupped
my tits in her hands, tweaking the nipples between her fingers. She
leaned forward and gave each one a tender kiss before continuing.

"Anyway, she got me pretty hot and kept telling me how sexy I was, 
and how she'd been watching me all summer, wanting to get her tongue
up my pussy.  She kept soaping me up, and worked her way down my body.
It wasn't too long before she had on the floor of the shower with my 
legs wide open, and her tongue up my cunt.  She really knew her stuff,
and I must have cum about twelve times - kind of appropriate 'cause 
that's how old I was!" Lisa giggled to herself.

"Anyway, the next night she introduced me to two of her friends.  
They took turns licking my cunt and sucking on my nipples. I kind 
of felt funny being passed around from girl to girl like that,
but they all really got into seducing someone so young.  I can't
really complain since I was on the receiving end most of the time.
Those sluts just got off by eating pussy.  By the end of the summer
I was so well licked that I couldn't even pass one of those girls on
the path without creaming up!  Looking back, I can see where they 
were coming from - I know that I really juice up when I see some 
cute little jailbait walk across campus!"

I looked at Lisa with wide eyes. "Trust me, Kath" she said, "there's
nothing that tastes better than cherry pussy!  But now, it's getting 
late and we have some work to do if we want to have some fun tonight."
She got off the bed and started getting dressed.

I was a little disappointed that I wouldn't have Lisa to myself for 
the night, but knew that anything she dreamt up was bound to be good.

