				Kathryn
				by Ruth Moore
				(c) 1995


He had stopped by her quarters to drop off a report, nothing more. At 
least that was what he tried to tell himself later. The truth was that 
the report could have waited until morning, but he was restless. The 
holodeck pool hall just seemed a little too loud and at the same time 
too empty...

When the door slid open and then closed behind him, he realized that
the lights were dim. "Captain?"

"Oh...ah..Commander Chakotay," her voice sounded uncharacteristically 
hesitant.

She came into the room and he stared, unable to speak. She was wearing 
pink, a color that he had certainly never associated with her. Her 
breasts strained at the satin slightly, their nipples erect. Her hair 
was down and it was even thicker than he had imagined. He was suddenly 
glad of the dimness, his erection would have been all too obvious in 
stronger light.

"I...ah...just  wanted to give you that report on the power consumption
curve..." It was his turn to stammer. "I can come by later."
	
She shot him an unreadable glance and walked up to him and held out her
hand. He drew a careful breath and handed her the padd. As she took it 
her fingers brushed over his hand, a touch that electrified him. He 
looked at her, uncertain as to whether he'd read her signs correctly.
He remembered being in command and how he had fought (even in the more 
loose power structure of the Maquis) to keep from giving certain 
of his crew the wrong idea. He didn't let go of the padd right away. 
Instead he let his fingers return her hesitant caress. That was safe 
wasn't it? If he *had* read her wrong, she'd pull the padd out of his 
hand and that would be the end of it. The moment stretched  and then as
her fingers trembled under his, he brought a hand up to brush a lock of
that hair.

It was enough for her, in a surprisingly rough movement she pulled the 
padd out of his hand and dropped it on the floor. Her hand reached up
to trace the lines tattooed above his left brow, and then her fingers 
brushed over his ear, a delicate sensual touch. He gasped slightly.

'I've wanted to do that for some time now," she whispered. "While I'm 
sure there's a very valid spiritual reason for that tattoo, it's also 
very...attractive."

Not knowing how to answer that, he bent his head and kissed her gently 
at first, still a little unsure of the situation. Her lips opened and 
her tongue darted out to brush across his lips. He surrendered gladly
to the inevitable and pulled her into his arms, his mouth opening and
his tongue tangling with hers. She clung to him and kissed him back
with rising passion.
	
Breaking for air, she looked up at him seriously, "If you don't want 
this..." He silenced her with another kiss, this one a little more 
forceful.

"I think that answers you question," he murmured in her ear, his tongue
running along the outside of that ear.

"Ahhh....yes, I think that's a very good answer."  Her hands ran over 
his back, roaming down to his buttocks. She moved her hips against him,
and he caught his breath at the feel of her against his straining 
erection. 

"Come with me." She took his hand and led him toward the bed. When they
reached it, he pulled her close again, running his hands over the satin
that sheathed her skin. As he brought his hand up to cup a breast, his 
thumb ran across the nipple. She hissed, shivering, and he was
delighted at her responsiveness. Of course she would be fire, he should
have seen that from the start.

He continued to tease the nipple with his thumb as he bent his head to
gently kiss along her neck.. After a moment of this, she pulled back 
somewhat, and reached up to unseal his outer uniform. Her hands moved 
quickly and with a deft movement she was pulled the jumpsuit over his 
hips and past his knees. He sat on the bed to pull his boots off and 
quickly stripped off the rest of his clothes. She looked down at him
and smiled. Kneeling, she moved between his legs and bent her head. Her
tongue slid in a maddeningly slow trail down the length of his penis
and he groaned. With a little chuckle she abruptly lowered her mouth 
over him. He reached back and jammed his hands on the bed to keep from 
falling backward as her mouth began to move in a lazy rhythm. He hands 
had some up and were caressing his hips and his long ignored passion 
began to threaten to overwhelm him.

He reached down and touched her face. "I don't want you to do all the 
work," he said lightly. She raised her head and looked up at him, a 
roguish look on her face that made her look very naughty. There was a 
question in her raised eyebrow and he reached down and slid his arms 
under hers, pulling her up to join him on the bed. The feel of her 
satin-clad body against his skin was incredible, but he wanted to see 
her, *all* of her. He helped her out of the pajamas. 

"You should wear red," he murmured. "You're all fire."
	
"I wear red to much of the time. But you're right, at least now; I feel
like I'm on fire."

Gently he pushed back to rest on the bed. "Fire is the element of 
passion. And you are one passionate woman, and I don't mean just here."
Before she could answer he lowered his head and ran his tongue firmly 
over one of her hard nipples. Her fingers ran through his hair as he 
teased the one nipple with his tongue, the other with his fingertips.
He nibbled gently and increased the pressure of his fingers. She cried
out and the hand in his hair tightened. His mouth began to move lower,
his other hand taking up where his tongue had left off. He slid his
tongue into her navel and when she jumped slightly, he moved quickly
on. 

Reaching the neat patch of hair between her legs he shifted his
position and brought his hands down to part her legs. He kissed the
insides of her thighs, breathing in her scent; she smelled like the
clean air off a wild sea. Gently he extended just the tip of his
tongue, carefully avoiding her erect clitoris. She tasted wonderful,
salt and sweet at the same time.. He concentrated on her labia instead,
carefully nipping at her with his lips. Her hips began to writhe and he
abruptly slid his tongue across her clitoris. Her legs clamped around
his head and he realized that she was just on the edge. His tongue
moved over her clitoris with hard flicks and she spasmed, her voice
crying out loudly. As she began to quiet, he once again moved his
tongue across the hard knot of flesh at the center of her. There was
another cry of delight and then her legs relaxed and she gently pushed
his head aside. As she caught her breath he rested his head on her hip.

"You are truly gifted," she said shakily, brushing her fingers gently 
over his lips. "I confess that I've been looking at your mouth for a 
while, but if I'd known that..." Her hands tugged gently at him and he 
moved up her body, stopping to pay brief attention to her nipples
again. Then her hands were caressing his penis and she was guiding him
into her. She was warm and wet and soft, better than he could possibly
have imagined. Their mouths met as they adjusted to each other's rhythm
and then they moved together. Her legs slid along his calves and he
began to move faster. He felt her hand between them, stroking both
herself and him as he moved in and out of her. Then she tore her mouth
away from his and cried out, nonsense words as her inner muscles
tightened with exquisite strength around him. That was all it took, his
hips moved hard and he thrust into her and stayed. His head flung back,
he yelled as the climax rolled over him, collapsing on her as he came
down from the peak. 

They rested for a moment and then he rolled carefully off her. As she 
reached to pull the covers up over them he brought a strand of that 
incredible hair to his lips. When she looked at him tenderly, he smiled
and whispered, "Kathryn..."

The End
