(c) Copyright 1996 Benny the Jetter.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






Kelly - part 3 

Written by Benny the Jetter




Terry's Weekend in Charge
 - A tale of adult education - who is the teacher?

In the first episode of the tale, Terry was left alone with Kelly, the thirteen year old schoolgirl with the small firm tits, long slim smooth legs, hairless baby cunt and agile hips.  He made full use of all her holes, fucking her mouth, her cunt and her arse all night and all day.  Our hero was amazed at the licentious way the young slut behaved, acting with abandon in front of the video camera, stuffing things up her cunt for him and walking around the house naked.

She described her initiation to her Father's incestuous habits at age eight, and how she willingly performed sexual acts for her father's "camera club" - her father's devious ruse to lure the young girl into all sorts of sexual situations for the gratification of thirty or forty filthy perverts.  She was relieved of her virginity aged twelve at a group sex Camera Club 'meeting' with her father and all his friends looking on and filming the fucking.  At this meeting she also watched her thirteen year old friend Tracey being gang banged by the group for the cameras.

Kelly proved herself to be as depraved as anything Terry had ever imagined, bidding him to fill her bum with piss, pissing on Terry's cock, filling her cunt and arse with food and having him eat it out, and finally performing dirty tricks for him in the gymnasium.

We left the story last time with the dirty couple having spent a pleasant hour or so fondling, fucking and sucking each other in and by the pool.  Terry had just planted his rock hard cock up Kelly's arsehole for another leisurely bumfuck when he heard the pool gate open ...

Now read on ...

At the sound of the gate opening, Terry froze in fear, his cock up the thirteen year old schoolgirl's bum to the hilt.  He was for the high jump now, that's for sure.  He tensed up and waited for the shout of outrage that was about to descend on him, along with physical violence knowing his luck.

They looked up to see who had discovered them, and Terry saw a tall, slim dark-haired woman about 36 years old.  She was obviously well-off from the look of her clothes.  She was wearing a black designer dress, very expensive, with a low cut front showing plenty of cleavage.  It came to mid-thigh, and from where Terry was looking, kneeling on the concrete apron just inches from her perfectly smooth slim legs, she didn't seem to be wearing any tights.  And she had a huge dog with her.  It looked at Terry with what seemed to him to be a ravenous expression on its face.  He seemed to be sizing Terry up as a potential meal.

Terry just knew it was one of Kelly's mother's friends come round to check on her and he expected to feel the dog's teeth sink into his leg at any second. Kelly didn't move either, she'd frozen to the spot at the sound ofthe gate too.

Kelly was the first to speak.

"Oh hello shitface," she said as though she was talking to one of her school friends in the playground.  "This is Terry. Terry, this is Angelica, she lives next door.  Terry's fucking my bum wonderfully, but he'll do it much better if you help.  Suck his arsehole pissbottle."

Terry couldn't believe his ears! Now his schoolgirl slut was ordering her next door neighbour about as though she was a piece of shit, and talking in the most foul way.  But like everything else around here, he wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth, (or perhaps it should be a gift tongue in the arsehole?) and he felt the delicate fingers of the woman pull his arsecheeks apart and the warmth of her breath on his anus.  At the same time Kelly started moving her bum on his cock again and he had no choice but to fuck once more.+It didn't take long for his climax to flow over him with Kelly's rectum massaging his cock and Angelica's tongue working his arsehole.  He spunked as though it was his first in a month, rather than what must have been his twentieth in a day.

When he pulled his prick out of his whore, Angelica immediately popped it into her mouth and sucked it clean, licking up the traces of Kelly's shit as well as his sperm. When she'd finished, his cock was shiny, clean and hard as a rock once more.

Angelica then turned her attention to Kelly's  bumhole, licking and kissing it until it was clean as a whistle.

Who the fuck was this woman? She hadn't said a word, but she'd sucked his dirty cock and eaten Kelly's newly fucked arsehole!

"Kelly, if you don't mind my asking, who is this woman?"
"Oh, she's a friend of Mummy and Daddy's from the farm next door. She owns it lock stock and barrel, and has loads of money."  Kelly was talking about Angelica as though she wasn't even there, let alone sucking on Kelly's arsehole. "She's a real society lady in public, but we know better, don't we shitface."

Angelica mumbled something into Kelly's arsehole but didn't stop licking for a second.

Suddenly, Terry knew where he'd seen her face before.  She was always in the society pages of the Women's Weekly and Cosmopolitan magazines his wife bought.  (Terry always looked through them for the underwear and girls' clothes advertisements. He liked to imagine himself in all sorts of lewd situations with the pretty young models in the pictures)  This woman was a society big-shot, and she'd had her tongue up his arse already! Fucking wonders will never cease.

"How come she's here sucking your arsehole then?"

"Oh, she's not happy unless she's being dominated, are you pissymouth?  She likes to be treated like the filthy piece of day old turd she is.  She has five guys live on her farm with her, and they all fuck their brains out in her. 

"That's enough cunt, now suck Terry's cock for a while," she commanded Angelica.

"Angelica will do just anything as long as she is humiliated in the process.  That's what turns her on, you see.  She was the one who taught me to drink piss - she loves that, being a toilet.  I like to go next door in the morning and watch the guys all piss in her mouth then root the fucking shit out of her.  Every Saturday she comes over to be our maid, don't you slut?  Get inside and start cleaning up.    Terry's going to finish fucking my arse and thenwe're going to take you downstairs for some fun. You'd better have the place spick and span by the time we've finished or you'll regret it.  Now help Terry get his cock back in my bum."

Angelica took her mouth off his cock immediately and guided it back into Kelly's warm moist inviting anus and as they resumed their arsefuck she ran into the house, her great dane following her at the trot.



---------------



After they's finished their fuck, with Terry shooting his spunk up Kelly's back ("Leave it there," she'd said, "Angelica can clean it off.") they had a long cool martini and strolled into the house.

"Good, shitface, I see you've cleaned up the dishes and that mess on the carpet." Kelly could be very demanding, Terry thought.   "Now get downstairs."

They followed the beautiful society lady down the stair to the basement, and into the room next to the gymnasium. But this room was fitted out like a dungeon.  Terry could see Angelica's nipples sticking out through her dress, so she was getting excited at the thought of what was about to follow.

"Cuntface, piss licker, get your dress off!" Kelly ordered.

Without a word, Angelica reached behind her, pulled the zip down and let the beautiful expensive garment drop to the floor.  The dress was the only thing she had on apart from her black high heeled shoes.+Terry gasped and his cock twitched as he took in the sight that was in front of him now.  The woman had a perfectly proportioned body with large firm tits.  Her nipples were already erect. Perhaps it was the gold rings through them that was causing that?  She had a diamond in her perfectly formed belly button, and as he scanned his eyes down her flat belly, he saw she had no hair on her cunt, and four rings through each cuntlip.  Looped through the rings was a gold chain from which hung a heavy gold dildo.  The weight of it was pulling on her cunt and making her twitch as it swung from side to side.

Kelly broke the silence with another barked order to the society sex slave.  She commanded her to lick Terry's drying sperm off her back, suck her arse for five minutes, then suck Terry's arse for five minutes, pushing her tongue up his hole and running both hands over his cock.

"That's enough now, arselicker!  You know what to do, you filthy whore.  If you don't know by now I'll go and get a whole lot of guys from the pub to fuck the daylights out of you.  Now up on the table!"

Angelica climbed up on the heavy wooden table that was fitted out rather like a medieval rack.  They tied her hands and ankles with the leather straps that were obviously put there for her - they were perfectly adjusted and clearly well used.  

When Angelica was immobilised legs spread, cunt gaping and hands hanging over the edge of the table, Kelly pushed the gold dildo unceremoniously up Angelica's cunt and left it there.+"Now lets leave the filthy cunt there and go and get a drink," she said.  They came back about ten minutes later with a few bottles of champagne, poured out two glasses and Kelly asked her captive,

"Would you like some champagne too, fuckface?"

Angelica nodded.

"Well too bad! You'll get some later when I'm good and ready ... Watch this, Terry."  She stood next to the table, near where Angelica's right hand dangled off the edge, and positioned her arsehole just above Angelica's fingers.  Angelica reached up with her middle finger and pushed it into Kelly's arse.

"You take the other one Terry. It's rather nice."

Terry let the woman stuff her finger up his arse, and she fingered his anus as they talked about many things and drank a couple of glasses of champagne. Occasionally he let her play with his cock and balls, and Kelly rubbed her cunt on Angelica's hand.

In a short while, Terry's cock was standing at the ready again, and Kelly said,

"Your cock's gone all hard again Terry.  What would you like to do about it?  Would you like to fuck me?  How about this fucking whore here.  Would you like to fuck her?  I'll let you if you like."

"Oh yes, please fuck me," Angelica pleaded, "my cunt's on fire.  I need to be fucked.  Please root your cock up my cunt and spunk up me."

"I'll tell you what Terry," Kelly suggested helpfully, "she's got that dildo up there and I think we ought to leave it there for the moment.  Why don't you fuck her tits and shoot your spunk all over the filthy bitch's face?  You haven't had a tit fuck all weekend, 'cause I haven't got any yet."+"Yeah," Angelica agreed, "give me your cock between my lovely tits, make me look like a dirty whore."

"You'll need some lubrication though," Kelly said as she climbed on the table.  She squatted over Angelica's face and said,

"Lick my arse you slut, get your tongue right up my hole until you can taste my shit."

Terry was pulling on his cock, anxious that he mightn't get a turn at this wondrously beautiful captive woman.  He watched as the young Kelly pushed her arsehole down onto Angelica's tongue.  Once she was enjoying a good arse licking, he saw her cunt twitch, and a stream of piss gush out onto Angelica's tits and stomach.

Terry leapt up onto the table, grabbed Angelica's tits and pulled them together round his cock as Kelly's piss cascaded onto them.  He fucked his cock in the wet slippery mess and let his fingers play in the hot yellow stream.  This made the piss splash all over the two sluts, over Kelly's cunt and legs, and over Angelica's tits, face, arms and neck.  He held her tits tight around his prick as he fucked.  His cockhead hit Angelica's chin as she sucked Kelly's arsehole.  Occasionally his cock touched Kelly's cunt and this gave him another idea.

He told Kelly to hold her cunt open, and he'd try to spunk into her hole, and Angelica could suck her clean afterwards.  The perverted young schoolgirl liked the sound of that so she pulled her cuntlips wide apart. 

Terry fucked Angelica's tits until he felt his orgasmapproaching.  Her perfectly formed mounds were just big enough to completely envelop his large swollen prick, and the lubrication of Kelly's piss and his own pre-cum made it feel almost like a cunt.  Angelica, meanwhile, was lapping at Kelly's arsehole, trying to suck her innards out, and getting a mouthful of Terry's sperm in the process.  

Terry's cockhead swelled once more, his cock throbbed, and his semen burst forth, splattering Angelica's tits, chin, face, and shooting right up Kelly's cunthole and all over her cuntlips.  

Kelly sat motionless, her arse twitching on Angelica's tongue as Terry's cock spurted it's wonderful elixir onto her sex. When Terry had finished cumming, she pushed her cunt onto Angelica's piss-soaked tits, letting the hard pierced nipples go up into her fuckhole once or twice.  By the time she was ready to let her captive lick her cunt, it was all covered in piss and spunk. This only seemed to make it more exciting for Angelica. Terry decided this cunt was even more depraved than either Kelly or he was, and that was surely saying something!

And all the time, Kelly was flooding her with obscene comments and insults, calling her 'fuckface' and 'shiteater' etc.

Then suddenly, Terry noticed an entirely new phenomenon - Angelica, the high society gadfly, the well-dressed well spoken upper class affluent lady was cumming in the piss and spunk spread over her body.  No-one had touched her cunt except to stuff the dildo up her, but she was cumming with a dramatic shudder!
For a long while, Kelly had Angelica suck out her cunt as Terry watched from a distance of about two inches.  He got right up close, so he could listen to the sounds of Angelica's tongue slopping around in his young slut's pussy, and so he could savour the smells of piss, spunk and cuntjuice.

Suddenly, Kelly sat up, turned round so her back was facing Angelica's bound feet, and fell backwards.  She was now lying flat on Angelica's trussed up body, her arsehole over the captive's face and her hair dangling in Angelica's cunt.  She spread her legs very wide apart, so her cunt was open and told Terry to climb on and fuck her as Angelica sucked her arse.

Terry clambered up onto the table where his two whores lay open and waiting.  He squatted over Angelica's head and looked at the inviting display in front of him. From here he could see all of the dirty body of his darling thirteen year old, from her spread legs, to her hairless cunt, her open arsehole with Angelica's tongue fucking in and out of it, up her flat belly to her tiny tits and to the nasty mouth he'd heard so much filth from and had filled with his cock so often.  Also, he could see Angelica's face - or at least the part of it that wasn't probing Kelly's bum - and her lust-filled eyes gazing right at his balls.  He decided to give Angelica a break. He stuffed his fingers up Kelly's gaping cunt.  He scooped out a dollop of sex juice and flicked it onto Angelica's face.  He did this a couple more times so it was starting to form little rivulets running  down the woman's cheeks.  Then as a treat for her, he rubbed his inflamed balls over her face, spreading the scum into her eyes, over her nose and cheeks.

Angelica pulled her tongue out of Kelly's arse and licked Terry's balls.  Kelly protested with a yell as her stimulation suddenly stopped,+"Hey bitch," she bellowed, "who told you you could stop arselicking me?  Just for that, I'm going to have to see you're punished after Terry's finished giving me a nice fuck.  Now you get your tongue back up my hole until I tell you to stop.  Come on Terry, get your big hard prick up my cunt and give me your spunk again. Fuck me hard!!"

Terry, ever the obliging helpful soul, leapt on top of the schoolgirl and stuffed his hard cock into her wet hairless gash.  While Angelica ate Kelly's arsehole, Terry rooted his slut as though his life depended on it.  He thrust into her teenage hole with all his strength, and she gripped and squeezed his prick so hard it felt like his own hand on his fuckshaft.

When Terry felt his orgasm approaching, he felt Angelica's tongue on his balls again and it gave him another dirty idea. As the sperm travelled the length of his throbbing rod, he pulled it out of Kelly's cunt and directed it at the point where Angelica's face and Kelly's crotch met.  As his cum spurted out of his cock, he watched Kelly's cunt and Angelica's face get coated with great hot ribbons of it.  Both the girls thought it was a wonderfully dirty idea because they egged him on to spunk more and more cum onto them, but Kelly was a little pissed off that she hadn't had the chance to cum with Terry's prick up her.

Terry wiped his cock clean on Angelica's hair, and Kelly grabbed a handful of the well kept locks and wiped her arse and cunt with it as well, then they climbed down off the table.

"Look at the cunt," Kelly said, "she's so filthy all covered inthat scum.  She needs to be cleaned off, don't you think, Terry?"

Terry agreed, so he climbed back onto the table, stood astride Angelica just above her thighs, and Kelly stood behind him.  She stuck  two fingers up his arsehole, and reached round in front and grabbed the cock that had so recently been ploughing her cunt. 

"Ok, Terry, give her a shower!" she commanded.  He strained and pushed, and finally a stream of piss gushed from his cock.  Kelly played with it, directing the stream all over Angelica's face, tits, belly and cunt until there was no more piss left.

They climbed down to the floor again, and surveyed their handiwork.  Angelica didn't look much like a society madam any more.  She looked like a Bangkok whore after the sixth fleet had all had a turn on her.  She was covered in spunk and piss, and dribbles of the dirty liquid were running out of her mouth and down her chin.  But the fucking screwy cunt was cumming!! Kelly was right, Angelica was getting off on all this abuse and humiliation - she was loving it!

"I'm still not happy with you. You are filthy beyond all belief.  What sort of maid are you pissface if you let yourself get so dirty?"  Kelly had a pretty aggressive tone towards this woman, who was about twice her age.  "I think we'll have to do some real work on cleaning you up.  Up Bruno!"

Kelly called to the Great Dane who had been sitting over by the door, his tongue hanging out, watching the activity.  He was clearly enjoying the sights as well, because his cock was poking out of its furry sheath. He bounded onto the tablewhere his mistress was tied up, and started licking her.  He licked her face and body, where all the piss and spunk had gathered, and when he ran out of juices on her upper half, he moved his long mobile tongue downwards into Angelica's crotch.  This was all Angelica needed, and she orgasmed for the hundredth time with a scream that made Terry glad they were so far from the next house.  In the city, there would have been police everywhere looking for a murderer in no time her scream was so loud.

But it was a scream of pleasure that rushed out of Angelica's throat as Bruno's huge tongue hit her clitoris.  He sniffed her wet smelly box for a few fleeting seconds then went to work on her twat at an enormous clip. He lapped at her twat for fifteen minutes as Angelica had orgasm after orgasm, and as Kelly and Terry fondled each other's genitals and drank champagne.

"Now shitface, I'm gonna let Bruno show Terry how he can fuck." Kelly pulled a lever under the table and the middle of it lifted about two feet, pushing Angelica's cunt high and spreading her cuntlips even more.  Kelly pushed her fingers into Angelica's cunt and gave them to Bruno to sniff. She wiped them on his nose, which he plainly found sexually arousing, because his cock twitched and poked out of its sheath a bit more.  Then the smutty schoolgirl reached under the huge dog and wrapped her tender fingers around the bright red canine fuckshaft.

Bruno took the stimulation of his cock as a sign to get going, and he suddenly lunged forward.  Kelly had to be quick to guide his cock into Angelica's cunt, but on the second thrust she made it, and Bruno rammed his hard prick inside the filthy society whore's hot waiting mound.

"Oh, he's in her," she exclaimed, fingering her cunt and reaching for Terry's cock again. "Oh I like thesight of that hot fuckstick pounding into her don't you Terry?  Look at the way her cunt's gripping his cock.  

"Hey, I've got an idea Terry. You fuck your cock into my cunt again to get it all covered in my cuntjuice, then you can sit on her face.  She can suck your arsehole and I'll see if I can get the dog to lick your cock.  How do you like that idea?"

Terry wasn't sure what Angelica thought of the idea, because she was making so much noise fucking the dog he didn't even know whether she'd heard the idea.  But he certainly thought it sounded like a good idea, so he pushed Kelly forward and fucked her cunt from behind just long enough to get his cock all covered in his slut's juice.

He climbed back up onto the table, and crouched down over Angelica's face, his knees spread wide so that his cock and balls dangled in full view of the rutting dog.  Without even pausing in her frantic fucking, Angelica pushed her tongue straight up Terry's bum and started sucking his arsehole.  Kelly squished her fingers in her creaming twat, smearing them in cum and spread it all over Terry's cock and balls.  Then she egged Bruno on to sniff Terry's hard genitals.

While he kept up the frantic pace in Angelica's cunt, Bruno reached forward, sniffed Terry's scrotum and immediately started licking. His great long wet tongue slurped all over Terry's dirty cock, and with Angelica's tongue up his arse and the dog lapping on his cock, he took only a minute or so to reach his climax.

Hit semen shot out of thepiss-slit with a force that sent a ribbon of slimy spunk in an arc over the head of the fucking dog and landed on his back.  Kelly whooped in delight and rubbed it into Bruno's fur.  At  the same time, Bruno shot his doggy cum up Angelica's cunt with a loud bark which made Kelly jump and Angelica scream in orgasm yet again.

Bruno pulled his red fuckstick out of his mistress's slit and trotted back to his place by the door, where he lay down and started licking his cock clean, obviously satisfied.

Terry was starting to get a little tired with all this rooting, after all he was a family man and didn't get anything like all this exercise in a normal month, let alone weekend.  So he suggested that they ought to relax for a short while.

"Why don't we let the cunt get off the table and clean up?" he said.

"OK," Kelly agreed, "you can go and have a shower fuckface and get all that scum off your body."  They untied her and let her go and wash herself.  But not before Terry pushed a huge dildo he found in a cupboard up Angelica's bumhole and made her leave it up there all the time she was in the shower.

While Angelica was cleaning up, Kelly rigged up some more apparatus for them to enjoy the society madam with, then sat on the couch with a dildo each and fucked their arseholes with them.

Shortly, Angelica returned towelling herself dry.  She still had the big dildo up her arse, and the golden dildo still dangling from the chains attached to her labia.
"That's better slut," said Kelly, "Now you can go upstairs and get us some drinks.  All this fucking has made me thirsty, and I'm sure Terry can do with a drink. Strawberry daiquiris for both of us, I think?  Is that OK Terry?"

"Sounds wonderful."

"Off you go then, and we might let you have some more piss to drink when you get back if you're lucky." Angelica started up the stairs to the kitchen.  Walking was difficult because of the big dildo up her bum, and as she reached the half way point Kelly called her back down again.

"Get that fucking dildo up your cunt - we don't want your fuckhole drying up while you're up there, do we Terry?"

Without a word, Angelica spread her legs, shoved the dildo up herself and began the long journey up the stairs again.

She disappeared from view at the top of the stairs, and Kelly turned to Terry.

"What do you want to do tonight Uncle Terry?"

Terry noticed the affectionate way she was now calling him 'Uncle' and guessed she was thinking of him as more than just a fucking partner now.  She had put him in the same category as her father and John - long term screwing buddies and people she cared for. He liked the feeling.

"I don't know, what did you have in mind?"  Terry didn't want to miss out on any surprises Kelly might have in store.

"I hadn't planned anything, but we can keep Angelica here to play with, her guys will all be in Adelaide fucking hookers at a brothel tonight.  They always do that on Saturdays, then make her suck them clean in the morning. She loves it.  +"Terry, can I ask you a real favour?" she continued.

Terry thought there wasn't anything he wouldn't do for this sexy schoolgirl who had shown him more ways to get and give pleasure than he'd ever thought of.

"Yes of course," he said, "what do you want?"

"Uncle Terry, darling," she was a little hesitant now, as though doubtful of Terry's reaction to her request, "I've only once been to a full-on orgy.  One with lots of people and where everyone fucks anything that moves.  I'd like to end the night with my insides awash with spunk and my holes sore from all the fucking.  That was in the video you saw, and I thought it was the greatest fun. Can we do that please?"

Terry had enjoyed the video himself, and wondered how he was ever going to get a chance to go to an orgy like that.

"Where would we get all the people at this late stage?"

"Well I can get eight girls from the Camera Club, they're models just like Tracey and me, but we've never really had a fun night together.  The men usually only have us in twos. The girls are all broken in and on the pill, so we could gang bang to our hearts content. Then there's Melissa, she's still a virgin so we couldn't fuck her in the cunt, but I'm sure she'd like to come.  You could spunk up her arse and in her mouth.  And there's Angelica of course.  That makes ten girls.  Do you think you could get some guys to come and fuck us, Terry?"

"You've thought of everything, haven't you.  What do you say to going out this afternoon to find some, how's that?"  Terryhad a definite plan to get some horny cocks.  This Saturday evening was going to be one he would remember for the rest of his life.

Kelly let out an excited whimper and kissed him passionately in thanks, trying to stuff her tongue down Terry's throat, and wrapping her hand round his cock. When they came up for air about five minutes later Angelica was standing in front of them with a tray and some drinks.

"Ah, good, you've done well, Angelica," Kelly said.  "You've done so well, we've decided to go out this afternoon for a while, and you'll have the whole house to yourself.  But don't worry about having nothing to do, we'll arrange that for you.  You won't get bored."  Kelly picked up her drink and dipped Terry's cock into it before licking the tasty alcohol off his hardening prick.

"Don't you think you're really a bit young to be drinking alcohol, Mistress?" asked Angelica.  Terry thought that the strangest question to ask of a girl who'd been fucking her brains out with a man she'd only known for a day, and who regularly took part in pornographic  videos.  And who was calling all the shots in this depraved little domination scene.  But he held his tongue and waited to see what she'd say in reply.

"You fucking impertinent cunt!!" Kelly exploded with all the aggression she could muster.  "You're supposed to be the maid around here.  I tell you what to do, not the other way round.  Just for that, you can get in the sling. NOW!"

Terry had a private notion that the sling was exactly whatAngelica was hoping for, but she made a good show of being horrified at the thought.

They grappled with Angelica and pushed her towards the sling Kelly had prepared while Angelica was in the shower.  Over her half hearted struggles and protests, they wrapped the dozen or so leather straps round Angelica's arms and legs and tightened them so they were snug but not tight.  Then there were another six straps holding her body, and a kind of leather framework they strapped on to her back and behind her head.

They stood back and examined their work.  Angelica stood there in front of them motionless, straps all over her, but still quite free to move around.  Kelly went over to the wall and unclipped some cables that came down from the ceiling and were latched onto a hook on the wall.  He'd wondered what they were for earlier.  Now he had his answer as Kelly hooked the cables onto rings sewn into the straps on Angelica's belly, her wrists and her knees.  Kelly pressed a button on the wall and a winch in the ceiling pulled the cables taut.

Suddenly, Angelica fell backwards as her legs were pulled out from under her.  The angles the cables were coming from meant that her legs were stretched wide apart, her arms were quite movable (but only horizontally), and her body was suspended above the floor. Terry could see that Angelica was quite comfortable in the contraption.  She was suspended at the mercy of whoever controlled the button, but she was not unduly stretched in any way and all parts of her body were suspended.  He thought he might like to have a go in that himself.  But wisely, he didn't say so.  Terry could see that by manipulating the cables, Angelica could be suspended like a marionette at any angle and any height you wished.
Kelly lifted Angelica up so that her cunt was at head height.

"Do you want to look up her cunt, Terry?" she asked.

Without moving a muscle, Terry could see right into Angelica's vagina, all glistening with the secretions of her arousal.  She was enjoying being displayed to Terry, a complete stranger in such an obscene manner by this teenager.  Terry picked the cherry out of his drink and pushed it into Angelica's cunt. Then he applied his mouth to her cuntlips and sucked it out again.

"Yeah Terry, eat her cunt." Kelly said excitedly, "She can't stop you, you can do anything you like to her now she's in the sling."

"I want to fuck the bitch.  I haven't had a chance to fill her snatch yet," Terry observed. Kelly pressed the button on the wall and the motor above them whirred.  As Angelica's pussy descended, Terry pulled her against his body, making a little snail trail of cuntjuice down his front.  Kelly stopped her at exactly the right height so he didn't have to reach up to get his cock into the captive cunt in front of him.  

He ran his cock up and down in Angelica's cuntlips a few times to get it all wet and smeared with her sex juices, then plunged it into her vagina in one thrust.

Kelly, meanwhile, had her own ideas.  She lowered Angelica's head a little more, and was standing astride the maid's face.

"This is a great game.  If we push her back and forth like this Terry, we don't even have to fuck her.  She does it all forus.  You just stand there and I'll swing the cunt."

Kelly started Angelica swinging.   For a long time the two depraved  fuckers stood there drinking their daiquiris and talking about inconsequential things as Angelica's cunt massaged Terry's cock and her lips and tongue worked on Kelly's twat.

At one stage, Kelly poured a little daiquiri down her belly and let it run into her slit for Angelica to lick.  Angelica reached behind Kelly to stick her fingers up Kelly's bum.

Terry let his cock slip out of the juicy clinging fuckchannel that was giving him such exquisite pleasure and slip upwards between Angelica's wet and swollen cuntlips.  This caused her to orgasm instantly, moaning into Kelly's thirteen year old box.

Having Angelica trapped in the sling meant Terry could achieve a whole new rhythm - two swings between the labia, then back up the cunt for two swings, two swings between the cuntlips, then back up the cunt again.  This process made Angelica cum almost continuously, which in turn gave Kelly a thrill as she ground her cunt into Angelica's face and fucked her arse on Angelica's fingers.

Then Terry got a new idea. He let his cock slip out of Angelica's tight slimy cunt again, but instead of slipping it upwards as he'd been doing, he pushed it downwards and plunged it viciously into her waiting arsehole.  It slipped in easily, showing Terry that she was accustomed to being arsefucked.  Her bum was even tighter on his stiff prick than her cunt had been, and Angelica flexed her arse muscles to grip his cock tight.+Terry slipped it between her cunt and her arse a few times to keep the whore guessing where she was going to take his spunk, and finally his cock exploded all over her crotch.  Terry let his sperm flood onto her cunt and mound, then Kelly rubbed it in.

After Kelly and Terry had finished cumming on Angelica, they stood back to admire their handiwork.

"She looks nice like that doesn't she?" Terry commented.  "Look at how your pussy has dribbled cum into her face and hair.  It's all smeared in her eyes and over her cheeks.  And don't you like the way her cunt glistens in the light with all that sperm on it?"

"Yes, she looks lovely," Kelly agreed.  "Now lets leave her here and go and organise tonight.

"Wait on," Terry pulled her up, "I've got another idea.  Do you have any steak in the frig?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Well go and  get it.  You'll like this idea I think."

Kelly disappeared up the stairs at a run and returned a few moments later to see Terry wiping his wet spermy cock on Angelica's face and popping it into her mouth.

"Good, that looks just the thing, Kelly, now cut it up into strips about two inches thick," Terry told his smutty schoolgirl.

As Kelly cut the steak into strips and handed them to Terry, he rubbed them all over Angelica's body, getting meat juice everywhere.  Then he stuffed the meat up Angelica's cunt and arsehole.

When they had about five strips of the prime corn-fed meat hidden in Angelica's body, Terry pressed the button on the wall and lowered Angelica until she was about a foot off the floor.  Then he called Bruno.+The great dane had been watching the proceedings with interest ever since the steak had arrived on the scene.  This was a new and exciting phenomenon for him.  He was used to fucking women and licking their cunts, and even being sucked off by them, but there'd never been any meat involved before.   His saliva glands started working at the first whiff of the meat.

"Come on Bruno, come on boy," Terry called to him. "Come and get your dinner, here it is, just suck it out of her."

Bruno didn't need any second bidding.  Here was his favourite food and his favourite pastime combined into one right in front of him. He leapt forward and licked at the immobilised Angelica furiously, sucking at her cunt to get the meat strips out of her hole.

As Kelly and Terry walked upstairs leaving the dog and his mistress behind them in the depraved bestial scene, they heard Angelica screaming in orgasm.



---------------


They reached Kelly's bedroom a minute or so later.

"Have you ever been fucked by a dog, Kelly?" asked Terry.

"No, but I've had my cunt licked by Bruno plenty of times.  Daddy likes to see that and I just adore doing it.  But I haven't done it for the Camera Club though.  Daddy says that's too much even for them.  I think I'd like to be screwed by such a nice big dog. It seems to be really dirty and horny."+"Well, if we're going out to organise this party,  we'd better get some clothes on you, Kelly my filthy little schoolgirl slut.  Let's have a look at the clothes you've got."

They looked through the wardrobe, and Terry selected a few dresses that might be becoming on her.  Her clothes seemed to be a mixture of young teenager's clothes, school clothes and very trashy hooker's clothes.  

Terry persuaded Kelly to model a selection of them for him to choose from.  He liked the white minidress with the flared skirt, because when she did a pirouette for him, the skirt flew up displaying her bare childlike cunt beautifully. 

And he liked the very tight shorts and tiny T-shirt that left a bare mid-riff because he could reach up under the T shirt and fondle her lovely tits. And the shorts showed the outline of her pussy because she had no panties on underneath them.

When she put on the tight leather skirt with the split up the front as far as her crotch and the T-shirt with the low cut front and cut-away sides, Terry thought she looked like a fifty dollar street-walker.  He reached up her dress and fingered her cunt and said, "That looks great - very sexy Kelly, but it won't do for today.  No, try that lot on," he said, pointing to another outfit on the bed.

They settled on that.  Kelly looked about fifteen years old dressed in a pretty blue loose fitting short T-shirt that came down to four inches above her navel and therefore just covered her little braless tits, a short white flared mini skirt that came down to mid-thigh and of course the white socksand tennis shoes.   Terry looked at his teenage fucking-mate.  

"You look good enough to eat," he declared.

"Ok," Kelly replied enthusiastically, "come on then, eat me."  She fell back on her bed, lifted her legs into the air, showing Terry her hairless cunt once more. 

Terry fell to his knees and sucked on her split for a minute, reaching up into her T-shirt and fondling her tits.  But with a major effort in self-control, he stood up and said to her,

"No Kelly, if we start this again we'll never get into the city.  Let's go and get my clothes sorted out." As he walked out the door towards the room he left his own bag in, he threw a pair of sky-blue cotton panties to her and told her to put them on as well.  She pouted and put on a good impression of a sulk and started to pull on the panties.

Terry took no time at all to dress. He put on a t-shirt, a pair of shorts, white socks and tennis shoes, and no underwear.   Kelly liked being able to reach up the leg of the shorts and grab his cock and balls.

They walked down the stairs and out the front door to the car. As they reached the front door they heard Angelica scream as she had yet another orgasm.




---------------




Terry opened the car door and just as Kelly was about to get in, he stopped her.  

"Hold on," he said and lifted up her skirt.  He fondled her pubic mound through her panties and caressed her well-fucked thirteenyear old cunt.   "OK, lets get into the car and we'll go into the city."

As the car sped down the road past Angelica's house, Kelly lifted her short pleated skirt to her waist so Terry could see what she was doing, raised her arse off the seat, and pulled her panties halfway down her thighs, then smoothed her skirt back down her legs again. She felt really dirty, sitting there with her crotch naked and exposed to the breeze, and her panties down her legs.  If they were stopped by the cops, they'd take one look at her and sort out what they were up to in no time flat.  The idea of the danger of this only served to make it more exciting for Kelly.  

Terry fingered her sopping wet cunt as they drove through the Coromandel Valley towards the city.  Kelly opened her legs as wide as she could for him, but she was limited in the extent she could spread them because of her panties.  Still that's the way Terry liked it, because as he said, it made her look like the kind of slut schoolgirl who let men finger her cunt.  

"Now, here's what we're going to do," Terry finally said, after they'd been driving in silence for about half and hour with his fingers probing her fuckhole. "You will speak only when spoken to.  You will call me 'Sir' when we are with other people.  Is that clear?"

"Yes Terry," she said.

"We're going to go to a cinema I know in Hindley street called Club X and we're going to get some guys to come to the house tonight.  I want you to show them a little of what they can expect.  So you'll need to let them feel your cunt and your tits, andyou might have to suck one or two of them off.  Is that OK?"

"Ooooh, that sounds lovely and dirty, Terry.  I think I'll like that."

"I bet you would too, you filthy slut.  Well you'd better get my cock out then to warm up. You can't expect a driver to get his own cock out while he's driving, can you?"

She put her hands up the leg of his shorts and reached for his hard cock.  She groped around inside, and wrapped her fingers around it, feeling the heat of his erection and the pulsing tension of his excitement.  She gasped as she saw it again, pointing directly upwards from his shorts.  She fumbled with it for a little while, then slid them down a little to give her better access.

"Now suck and lick me," Terry ordered her, taking the role of slave master again, "until I tell you to stop.  If I cum, you must swallow all of my sperm, and keep on sucking my prick until it's hard again.  And keep your cunt where I can reach it too, slut."

For the next 30 kilometres she had his tasty fuckshaft in her mouth, and he spilled his sticky slimy spunk into her mouth three times.  And each time she sucked it until it was lovely and stiff again while he fingered her pussy.

"We're going to pass that truck now, and I want you to show the driver your tits and cunt. Pull your skirt up to your waist, and undo the top four buttons of your blouse."

He pulled her blouse open so her little tits were standing out firm and proud for all to see.

"Now put one foot up on the dashboard and the other outthe window so your cunt's split wide open.  And stick your fingers up your hole and finger fuck yourself.  That ought to give the guy a thrill."

Kelly was a bit nervous about all this, because she had never been quite this bold before, but being Terry's slave was exciting her beyond belief, and if he wanted her to show herself to anyone that only made her feel more his property and available to be used and abused.  She was enjoying being his teenage whore more than she'd enjoyed anything in her life.  Since Terry had came into her life, she'd been able to give vent to any fantasy that came into her mind. Who knows, she might even get a go at fucking a dog!  

Terry slowed down so they were just creeping past the truck, and while Kelly was displayed in the window for the truck driver, Terry hit the horn.  The guy looked down at Kelly and his eyes nearly popped out of his head.  They thought he was going to drive off the road.  Then Terry floored the accelerator and they left the truck in their dust, laughing like fuck.


Then he asked Kelly to tell him about her school friends.  What sex games did they get up to? And did they do anything sexy at school?  


Some of the kids were really active sexually, Kelly told him. Most of them were the normal boring sort of teenagers who were just mildly experimenting with sex.  A couple of the girls had been fucking with the boys since they were only eleven and at least five other girls had been fucked by the time they were twelve.  Kelly said there were two other girls in her class who were having regular fucks with their brothers, and one was screwing her father quite regularly.  She said three girls on her school bus decided to give their bus driver a Christmas present one year andwaited on the bus until the end of the run.  When he pulled up at the end and asked them why they were still on the bus, they lifted up their dresses, showed him their wet cunts, and asked if he wanted to eat.  That afternoon the three girls were stripped naked, sucked and licked and one of them was even fucked by the bus driver.  They all sucked his cock until he spunked into their mouths.

Kelly said the caretaker at the school is a real pervert.  He just loves to look up a girl's skirt and see her delicate cotton panties gently enclosing the most exciting part of her - her cunt. His boiler room is underneath the main block at the school.  The ventilation for this room included a fine grating which was set into the ground next to the wall of the main quadrangle where the girls sit to eat their lunch.  It's too dark inside the basement to see down from outside, and so he has the most enjoyable hour or two lying under the grating with his cock in his hand watching all the schoolgirls walking past and looking up their dresses. Once, Kelly saw a couple of the girls aged about sixteen who were known easy roots take off their panties, so he could see their bare cunts. They obviously knew he would lie under the grating at lunchtime and they deliberately put on a show for him.  Cock-teasing cunts! After about a week of teasing the poor guy like this every lunch time, and by talking about their sexual adventures in minute and sexy detail, (apparently they'd been to a dance party at a hall at the beach on the weekend.  There was no adult supervision, and there was a lot of booze and drugs.  They, like everyone else at the party had got pretty well out of it, and had watchedwith thirty others as two fourteen year old girls both lost their virginity in spectacular fashion to seven boys who'd held them down in the middle of the dance hall and raped their tiny cunts over and over again.  Instead of struggling and yelling, the two young girls shouted encouragement, egging their rapists on until the spunk was spilling out of their fuckholes. Then the two girls had been screwed themselves.  Being fucked in front of each other and all the other cheering party-goers obviously excited them, because they were plotting another adventure the next weekend!), they obviously decided that the time was right for more adventurous things.  As Kelly watched the two sluts, they sat down right on top of the grating, pretending not to know the caretaker was lying under them pulling his cock. 

When he started fingering their cunts through the grating they both looked at each other and giggled.  They sat there all lunch hour as the guy played with their horny twats.  The next day, Kelly noted they weren't to be seen all lunchtime, but when the bell rang at the end of lunch, she saw the two girls furtively dart out of the door to the basement boiler room, smoothing down their dresses and with smug looks on their faces.  She guessed they'd been fucking the caretaker all lunchtime and privately made an appointment with herself to get invited to those lunchtime trysts if the sluts ever got expelled from the school. (Which she didn't think would be very long given the lack of studying they were doing.)

Anyway, by and by Kelly and Terry had to stop at a service station to fill up with petrol.  Terry had her take her pantiesoff completely, so she was only wearing her short miniskirt and T shirt, then he took her into the shop to pay for the petrol.  He told her to get an ice cream out of the freezer, but he insisted she get one from the bottom, so she had to bend double to reach it, giving the attendant a good look at her bare cunt and arsehole.

"Do you like my girlfriend?" Terry asked the attendant as he copped a long look up Kelly's skirt.

"She's very friendly, you know. Would you like to see her tits? Show the man your tits, honey," he ordered.  Without a word, Kelly lifted up her short T-shirt and thrust out her tiny mounds.

The lucky attendant licked his lips, unable to believe his own eyes.

"This guy seems like a nice guy," said Terry, "let him feel your cunt while you jack him off." 

"Here, are you sure ..." the attendant started to protest, but Terry waved him away,

"I told you she was friendly.  The slut likes to play with strangers, don't you darling?"

Kelly nodded and walked towards the attendant.

He put his hand up her short skirt, and his fingers went straight into Kelly's sopping wet hairless cunt. She nearly came right there and then.

Kelly opened the front of his overalls and pulled his gigantic hard cock out and had just started to jack him off when they were interrupted by a group of bikies arriving to fill up.

They didn't want to have to mess with those guys, so reluctantly they had to pack up their sexy game and dash for the car.

When they were on the road to Adelaide again, Kelly said, +"I just want to say how much I'm enjoying this trip.  I adore being your personal sex toy, and I especially liked being treated like your whore back there.  I didn't think I would, but I enjoyed you lending me out to that guy."

"Good then, because I've got some more surprises for you later on."



---------------



They had a sexy lunch at McDonalds, where they described what they'd like to do to each other and to the people they saw in the restaurant.  There were a lot of young school kids there and by the time they'd finished eating, Terry could vividly imagine the most depraved orgy where all the kids were naked and fucking their brains out with each other.  Terry copped another feel up Kelly's dress while no one was looking as well, and licked his fingers wickedly.

They walked into the cinema and the attendant said,

"Hi, Terry, haven't seen you for a few days.  Who's this, your daughter?"

"No, Jake, she's a friend of mine.  We've come to see the movies for the afternoon."

"Oh no you haven't, not with her, she's underage.  I can't let her in there, Terry you know that."

"Don't be silly Jake," Terry said, ready with an answer, expecting this protest. "she's over eighteen.  She just looks very young, and that's the way I like it.  Show him your tits, Kelly."+Kelly, already prepared for this by Terry, quickly walked over to the attendant, pressed her little body against his and put his hands up under her T-shirt onto her tits.  She ground her crotch against his, and kissed him sexily.

"You can see she's eighteen now, can't you Jake?"

"Well," Jake was hesitating, "I'm not sure.  I'll get into trouble if she's caught in there. I'll lose my job."

"Look that's all bullshit and you know it Jake.  Look at her cunt then.  Show him your cunt Kelly."

She lifted up her skirt, grabbed his hands and put them on the waistband of her panties and held his wrists as he pulled them down her legs.  Then she guided his hands as he fingered her juicing slit.  As the final argument, she unzipped his fly, reached into his pants and squeezed his hardening cock.

"Now, Jake, did you ever know an underage girl who'd do that?" asked Terry, confident that he'd convinced Jake by now.  " Of course she's over eighteen.  Incidentally, we're having a bit of a party this evening, and if you weren't doing anything, we thought you and some of the boys might like to come over and get to know Kelly a little bit better.  She's having a few of her friends over and we thought it might be rather fun if you joined us.  You never know what might happen. What do you think, can we go in now?"

"Are her friends like her?  I mean, are they as pretty as Kelly here?"

"Of course they are, and just as friendly.  You'll get to knowall of them very well I'm sure.  It'll be fun.  And don't plan on getting home until the morning either."

"You better go on in, and I'll see you later on, Kelly," Jake leered at her, grabbing his crotch lewdly.


They walked into the dark theatre, a sexy movie was playing showing an American blonde and two guys screwing on a beach.  Terry wasn't too interested in it this time, because he'd seen much more exciting stuff that than in the last 24 hours, and he had other things to do.  They sat down in the middle of the theatre until their eyes adjusted to the gloom.

Gradually, Kelly became aware that there was a murmur of comment around the theatre as the men in there had noticed her.  She guessed they didn't get many girls in the Club-X, not paying customers anyway.  The patrons of the cinema seemed to be a bit nervous, uneasy that such a young looking girl was there.  Kelly decided that like so much of the weekend so far, she was going to have to take matters into her own hands.

She got up out of her seat and went to the back row and sat down between two men.  They sat motionless, staring at the screen, their legs crossed and their hands in their laps.  Kelly had already been briefed well by Terry and she knew they both had their cocks out and had probably been masturbating in the darkness.

Boldly, she reached under one man's hands and discovered the fat spongy head of his cock.  She wormed her fingers in and around it, and started to wank him.  He looked at her in amazement, trying to convince himself that this was really happening.

Then Kelly reached for the other man's cock on the other side.  In seconds, they were watching the movie and Kelly had a load ofspunk dribbling over each hand, and a hand climbing up each leg towards her honeypot. She let them cop a feel for a minute, no more, and stood up.  She whispered in their ear that she was having a party that evening and perhaps they could come by and get to know her better in more relaxed surroundings.  She told them how to get there and went on to the next couple of guys.

Inside forty minutes, Kelly had masturbated twenty three total strangers and invited them to her parents' house for a raging orgy.  No-one except Kelly and Terry had any idea of what they were planning, but everyone wanted to have a go at sticking their cocks up the slut's cunt.

By the time the stripper came on about an hour later, the air was charged with sexual tension.  Kelly had 'made friends' with all the men in the room, and most of them had spunked in her young hands at least once, and she had cum four times.  The stripper wasn't all that keen about Kelly, seeing her as something of a competitor, but there wasn't much she could do about it, so she got on with her act and completed it as quickly as she could.

While she was performing, Kelly sat quietly and watched. Terry meanwhile went out to talk Jake into letting Kelly have a go at stripping.  He thought she might like dancing for all these guys with the great sound system and the spotlights etc.  Jake agreed and at the end of the regular stripper's act, he announced:

"Well, thrillseekers, wasn't that a great act?  Now, for the first time anywhere, Club X is proud to present the lovely, the talented, the supple, thehorny, KELLY!!" and the music swelled to a crescendo.

Kelly took the cue like a professional, and leapt onto the stage.  She danced around sexily, flipping her skirt up to show off her hairless schoolgirl's cunt, and popping her little tits out of her T shirt.  As the music played, she stripped her T-shirt and skirt off, leaving only her shoes and socks.  She looked just as Terry had been seeing and touching all weekend long. Then she plunged into the audience.  She posed for them, did handstands, did the splits, stuffed fingers up her twat, and let each of the guys stick his finger or his tongue in her slit for a few moments.  A few of the men tried to fuck her pussy, but she knew better than that, saying quietly in their ear,  "Tonight at my place, be there if you want to get a good fuck."

By the time Kelly and Terry left the theatre, the men were rowdy, raucous and ready to fuck anything that moved. They'd never had as much for their money and Terry was privately wondering how he could make this become a regular thing.  He didn't realise his underaged schoolgirl slut was thinking the same thing - she'd really got off on having all that male meat trying to get into her.



---------------



On their way back to the house, Kelly occupied herself by stuffing her burning hot twat with a coke bottle, since Terry wouldn't let her suck him any more.  He told her he wanted to save it up for the evening.
Kelly took him to her friend's house and had him wait in the car while she ran inside.  She was inside for only two minutes before she came running out again and jumped back into the car.  As they drove on, Terry asked,

"What was all that about?"

"Oh, that's Amanda's house. She's in the girl guides, and she's going to bring some of the girls tonight. And a couple of the brownies too, she hopes.  They're only eight years old but they like to play and they're very pretty.  You'll like them, Terry."

"Are you sure it's wise to have all these young girls over?  What if the cops get wind of it?"

"Oh, don't worry about that, the Vice Squad won't do anything. They're all in the Camera club, and Tracey and I regularly go round to the Chief Magistrate's house so he can take special videos of us."

"Won't the parents of these girls find out?"

"Not a chance, except for the ones who are coming along.  They're bringing their girls along so they can join in the fun.  Amanda's bringing Miss Simpson, the Guide leader as well.  She's 22 and very pretty.  Amanda says they all watched her getting fucked in the bushes by a local farmer last time they went on a camp, so they don't think there'll be any trouble from her.  She says it was all very torrid and dirty.  Now pull into this next house, and wait for me."

Terry pulled into the driveway and rolled the car up in front of another huge mansion.  Again Kelly darted into the house, and was gone for quarter of an hour before suddenly appearing at the door again.  This time she was with a gorgeous young girl about her own age with blonde hair that reached down her back to her waist.  She was beautiful.  The girllooked at Terry, waved, then giggled to Kelly before disappearing back into the house.  Kelly returned to the car and motioned for Terry to drive on.

"Tiffany thinks you're a spunk," Kelly finally said as they drove out the gate.  "She wants to get your cock into her cunt tonight."

"Jesus, Kelly," Terry protested, "how many girls are coming to this party of yours?"

"Only fifteen at the moment, not counting Miss Simpson 'cos she's old.  Tiff and I tried to call Jody, she's the captain of our netball team but her Mum said she's out playing a match.  We're going to the courts now.  And fucking Tracey's bringing her seven year old sister and her dork of a brother.  He's seventeen and a real stupid arsehole, but he's got a fantastic cock and he knows how to use it.   They've been left at home all weekend while their Mum and Dad have gone to a swingers weekend at a motel in Melbourne, so they've been screwing themselves stupid all weekend. They'll enjoy getting some fresh meat."

"What, even the young one fucks?" asked Terry, incredulous.  He wondered how a seven year old cunt took a full grown cock up it.

"No, her Dad says that would damage her.  She has to wait till she's nine to actually fuck. She's not happy with that. She says she's not going to wait - she'll let her brother fuck her if she has to.  But she joins in on everything else. She sucks her brother off, and his friends he brings round after school.  And she likes to suck her Dad's arsehole while he fucks.  And as you've seen on the videos he'll fuck anyone- his daughter, his wife, his son, my father, anyone.  And she'll let anyone suck her little slot.  I've told Tracey to make sure she organises something really special for you, Terry, because you've been so nice to me this weekend."

Terry thought "This really is a depraved little farming neighbourhood - it's a wonder they have any time for growing anything they're all so busy fucking each other."

Kelly pointed to the netball courts and guided Terry to the car park.  They locked the car and sat down under a tree to watch the games.  Terry didn't take long to get excited again as he watched the young girls prancing about on the netball courts, their skirts swirling about giving him glimpses of pantied bottoms or cunts.  He wished he could flick a switch and freeze the action for a while so he could wander amongst the teenagers, getting a close look at their fit lithe young bodies.

Every few minutes, Kelly would point out another girl to him, telling him in pornographic detail about her sexual activities.

"See that tall dark haired one there, she takes it up the arse. She fucked the headmaster in his office at the school dance... See the goal attack for that team there, she was pack raped by a gang of bikies one night after the speedway. There were fifty of them and they all took turns up her. Their girlfriends all helped them.  After that she was hooked on brutal sex and she can only get off by being raped.  She goes round to their headquarters once a week and they fuck the living daylights out of her ...  That team over there in the light blue skirts, they're all lesbians. It's a waste isn't it.  My Dad would like to have some of them.  They all go round to their coach's house on practice night and after the game and get naked.  [Terry wondered what sort of a spectacle that would be - a dozen teenage lesbians all at it together, slobbering at each other's cunts] A couple of the girls' mothers join in as well.  Daddy wants me to try and get invited so I can get a video for the camera club.  That would be fun, wouldn't it?"


Just then the game in front of them ended and the girls all started walking off the court. Kelly told Terry to stay there, but to open his legs so they could see his bulge.  She jumped up and skipped happily over to greet her friends.

The talked and giggled for a while, every few seconds one or two would steal a glance towards Terry, giggle, then re-join the conversation.  Terry was sure the persuasive little minx was getting them all worked up and hoped he'd live up to whatever expectations Kelly'd built up in them.

Kelly ran back to join Terry and as they walked back to the car, Kelly said,

"They're all coming, but three aren't allowed out after ten o'clock, so I told them to bring their fathers as chaperones. That'll be rich! The fathers won't be able to resist the hot juicy cunts they'll be offered and the daughters will be free to do anything they like for ever more!! Oh Terry, I do love you for letting me organise this orgy.  It's going to be the best orgy in the history of South Australia.  They'll talk about it for generations!"

"So how many people do we have coming along tonight then?" Terry was starting to get anxious about the catering for all these people.
"Let me see, there's five boys," Kelly answered, counting on her long, slender fingers, "seven Dads, plus the guys from the theatre this afternoon - say between thirty-five and forty cocks.  There's Miss Simpson, and Angelica, for the guys who like older cunts, and a few older teenage girls, plus three or four little cunts between seven and nine, but most of the girls will be about my age, between twelve and fifteen.  I think there'll be about fifty cunts in all.  How's that, Terry, does that sound like an orgy?"

"F-U-C-K!!" exclaimed Terry. The scale of this had assumed bacchanalian proportions in only a couple of hours!  "Jesus Christ girl, how the fuck are we going to organise all the food and drink for all those people?"

"We'd better get back to the house and get onto it,"  was Kelly's not very helpful suggestion.  "We've got Angelica to do all the work for us, and a couple of the girls from the netball team are coming over to help out.   But only because I told them you'd suck their cunts for them.  I hope you don't mind."

Terry started the car and headed towards Kelly's house. He couldn't believe the absolute absence of sexual inhibition in this young schoolgirl.  She had single handedly organised a huge orgy, attracted all the men, persuaded a collection of gorgeous and uninhibited - and mostly underaged - sluts to attend, and had even arranged the catering!  She could become a logistics General in the Army!!



---------------
+

They arrived back at the house a twenty minutes later, and Terry's cock was bursting again.  He wouldn't let Kelly play with it, because he wanted to save himself for the action he knew was coming up, so she had sulked and rubber her cunt on the handbrake, smearing it with her cuntjuice. The smell of it drove Terry crazy, but he didn't waver in his determination not to cum again.

They went down to the basement, to find Angelica passed out, still hanging in the sling with her legs splayed at right angles, and Bruno asleep underneath.  She had his spunk dribbling from her wide open fuckslot, so she'd obviously been fucked as well as sucked by the huge dog.

Kelly got a bucket of cold water and threw it over the sleeping woman, who woke up with a screech that nearly broke Terry's eardrums.

"Wake up, you lazy fucking piece of shit!!" screamed Kelly, "What do you think you are up to, sleeping like that with your cunt open for anyone to see? Get up and get to work, we've got some guests coming for a party tonight and you have make the punch and the snacks."   They untied the hapless society woman and sent her up to the kitchen to begin work, still totally naked.

Kelly told Terry to go to his room and get some sleep, because she had lots of work to do and she didn't want to be distracted by the presence of his nice fat cock around her.  And besides, she wanted him to be fresh and vigorous so she could show him off at the orgy.

Before she could change hermind, Terry raced up the stairs, took off all his clothes and fell between his sheets.  He was asleep even before his head hit the pillow.




---------------



He was woken from a deep dreamless sleep by a gentle tapping on the door.  It opened and a beautiful young girl about fourteen put her head around it cautiously.

"Oh, you are awake.  Kelly said you'd be sleeping but I could come up and see what you look like. You're Terry aren't you?"

"Yes, who're you?" Terry rubbed some sleep from his eyes, and watched as this youngster walked into the room, shutting the door behind her.  Terry recognised her as one of the girls from the netball team, and also she was still wearing her netball uniform - green T-shirt, short,short skirt, white socks and reebocks.  Like most of Kelly's friends, she had long well cared-for hair that reached nearly to her waist.

"I'm Kim, I'm a friend of Kelly's," the girl continued.  "She invited me to the party tonight, but only if I came to help with the nibbles this afternoon.  I've been downstairs making coconut ice all afternoon.  See, I've got coconut all over me, even down my front, look."  She was standing beside the bed now, and leant over, holding her T-shirt out so Terry could look down it.

His cock twitched as he saw her tiny braless breasts, little more than firm handfuls of delightful flesh, with growing nipples just begging for him to fondle them. He kept his hands to himself, wanting to see what she was going to do next.
She stood up again and tossed her hair back in a gesture Terry found both alluring and innocent at the same time. But he didn't think this girl was really all that innocent. 

"You're covered in coconut.  Is there any on the coconut ice, or is it all on you?"  he said teasingly.

She laughed and sat down on the bed beside Terry.  "You seem a nice man, Terry.  Kelly says lots of nice things about you.  She says you've really been looking after her well since you got here.  I like that, because Kelly's a really good friend of mine.  We've been friends ever since our family moved to this valley when I was two.  

"Our families even used to go on holidays together in Victoria.  Our mothers and fathers would stay together in one motel unit, and all us kids would bunk down in another. Last Christmas, Kelly's big sister Natalie slept in the same bed as my brother Michael because there was some mix-up with the number of beds or something.  It didn't matter though, 'cause they seemed very friendly."

Terry didn't know whether she was teasing him or not with this story.  Clearly their parents had been swapping with each other for years, and Kim's brother had fucked Kelly's sister.  Was that an organised arrangement by the parents, or had the kids got started all by themselves?

"I got stung by a bluebottle when I was swimming," Kim continued.  "I cried a lot because it hurt, but everyone was very nice to me.  They all kissed me until it got better - Mummy, Daddy, Kelly's mum and dad, Michael, Kelly, even Natalie.  You can still see thescar, and it still hurts, even now.  Would you like to see where I was stung, Terry?"

"Yes, sure I would," Terry added, not too eagerly he hoped.

Kim stood up on the bed, putting her feet astride his chest. Terry was looking straight up her skirt at her young crotch, encased in her light green cotton netball bikini briefs.  She lifted her skirt up well above her waist and tucked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties.  Slowly and seductively she pulled them down her young legs and stepped out of them. Terry licked his dry lips as he stared at her fourteen year old cunt now openly on display for him.  He looked at the neat fold of flesh stretching from her mons veneris between her slender thighs to her arse. There was a very light fuzz of new cunthair on her mound, and she'd obviously had it trimmed so she didn't show too  much hair when she wore her swimsuit.  But there wasn't much to get in the way of Terry's view of her slit.

He imagined the delights hidden within those thick fleshy lips and his cock nearly burst through the sheets as his imagination gave him a picture of her family and Kelly's family queuing up to plaster their mouths all over the tasty peach. 

Then Kim squatted down over his chest, half naked now, so that her arsehole was just a couple of inches from his mouth, her knees spread wide - so wide that her tiny slit was stretched open.  She pointed to a little mark on her right vulva and told him that's where she'd been stung.  

"No wonder everyone wanted to kiss it better," thoughtTerry.

"It stings a bit now, too.  Would you kiss it better for me, Terry?"

Kim squealed with delight as Terry gave her his answer by sticking out his tongue and slowly licking her from her arsehole to her sparse fuzzy pubic bush and back again.

"Ooooh, that feels heavenly," Kim squealed.  "I just adore kissing like this.  Kelly said you'd suck me off if I asked you nicely and she was right.  Lick me right up my cunt - stick your tongue up me. Suck my juices out."

She was bucking back and forth in excitement now, screwing herself on Terry's tongue, and her cunt was streaming with her arousal. Her juice was smeared from Terry's chin to his eyebrows and the wonderful smell of her drove him wild.

With a great deal of will power he kept his hands off his bursting cock, and he resisted the temptation to throw the girl on her back and root her.  He just concentrated on slithering his tongue up and down her teenage slit, sucking out her juice and flicking her clit.

Eventually she came in a shuddering orgasm with Terry's tongue up her wet fuckhole and his nose on her clit.

"Oh, thank you Terry, you darling man," she said appreciatively as she climbed down to the floor, "that was just great.  I can't wait to do the same for you later on.  I've got to get back now, because I have to make the fruit punch, but you will fuck me up the cunt tonight, and give me your hot spunk won't you?"

"Of course I will," he replied.

"Here's something to remember me by," she said, and picked her pretty panties up off the floor, shoved the crotch into her cunt soit was soaked in her cunt cream and put them over Terry's face.  His mouth was still showing through one of the leg holes, so she bent down and gave him a sexy wet tongue kiss, her mobile tongue probing and searching in his mouth while his nostrils worked to gather up as much of the musky odour of her cunt as they could.

Kim's hand reached out for his cock, gave it a little squeeze and she darted out the door.



---------------


Terry lay on the bed, his cock throbbing, yearning to grab it and pull on it until his spunk shot out all over his belly.  But with hitherto unknown reserves of self control he turned over and closed his eyes, drifting back to sleep.

He almost made it to sleep as well, but he heard the door open quietly and someone crept into the room.

"Sssh,!" a young female voice whispered, "he's asleep.  If we're quiet we can find out without waking him."

Terry opened his eyes and looked straight into the beautiful doll-like face of a girl.  She was very pretty, aged not more than 13, dark straight hair falling to her shoulders.  Her skin was flawless and her eyes were large, dark and round.  Her mouth was full and sensuous with perfect sparkling white teeth.  The girl was wearing a pretty blue floral print dress, one of those loose fitting summery dresses that are so popular these days.  It was low cut, plunging down into what one day would be a great cleavage, but today was littlemore than a shallow dip between two tiny mounds of wonderful flesh.  The armholes were very low cut also.  The skirt was flared so that it swirled around her as she moved, and the hem was only three inches below her crotch. She was so beautiful Terry thought she must be a dream.

"Hello, I'm Kimberley," she began, "and this is my sister Rachel."

Terry looked past this vision of beauty to what was certainly her sister.  Rachel looked exactly what Kimberley must have looked like at age nine. They were both so ravishing that Terry was immediately in love with them.  He wanted to kiss them both and possess them totally.

"Kim told us you kissed her. Is that right?  Would you kiss me too?"  Kimberley asked.

For an answer, Terry put his hand on the back of Kimberley's neck and pulled her to him.  Her mouth opened instinctively as it met Terry's moist lips and their tongues intertwined. Kimberley sucked on Terry's lips, and licked round the inside of his mouth, probing almost to his tonsils.  Her hands cradled his face and neck as she kissed him with a passion he hadn't experienced in years.  

As they kissed, Kimberley climbed up onto the bed and lay beside him outside the sheets, her body pressing into his, exciting him even more. Their breathing was getting more and more feverish as Kimberley disengaged her mouth from Terry's and started to lick and suck all around his neck, face and up to his ears.  When she pushed her tongue into his ear he fucking nearly shot his cumover the sheets without even touching his cock.

After about four minutes of this, Kimberley came up for air, turned to her little sister and said,

"See, I told you he was a great kisser.  I just knew it.  Now you have a go.  It's not hard, just do what I told you."

Rachel climbed up on the bed on the other side of Terry, pressed her young blossoming body against him, and kissed him, gingerly at first.  When he hesitantly flicked his tongue into her mouth, she popped up her head and exclaimed,

"Fuck, Kimberley, he stuck his tongue in my mouth.  He's a dirty old man, isn't he."

Terry started to say "A little less of the 'old man'" but he didn't get far because Rachel covered his mouth with hers again as she came back for more.  Although she was only a learner, she was just as expert a kisser as her sister, driving Terry almost to distraction with the erotic sensations as her mouth and tongue stimulated his erogenous zones around his face and neck.

Next the two girls took turns kissing his mouth and lathering up his neck face and ears.  He passed his tongue from one mouth to the other, at one stage having the two girls sucking on his tongue at the same time - a real three-way kiss.

Just when Terry had decided that these two girls were going to make his life fully ecstatic, Kimberley detached her sucking mouth and added a new twist to the tale:

"This is really great, Terry, but it's not really kissing is it?  Now the proper way of kissing any rate. Not the way you were kissing that slut Kim.  I want you to kiss me like that."

Terry's cock took another leap skywards at that suggestion.+"Is that so, young girl?" he replied.  "Well I can't decide whether to kiss you properly until I've had a good look at you.  Lift you dress up for me, and let me see your legs."

Kimberley hopped up off the bed, stepped back five paces or so and slowly reached for the hem of her dress.    As she did so, her little sister Rachel kept up the kissing and licking around his upper body and neck.  Her tongue worked Terry up like she had been doing this to strange men all her life.

Kimberley stood there, in the middle of the room with a sexy grin on her face, holding the hem of her ultra-short dress. She put her feet about four feet apart, which on such a small girl was very wide indeed, and lifted her skirt an inch.  Then another inch. Teasingly, she took about thirty seconds for the bottom of the pretty dress to reach her crotch, revealing sky-blue cotton panties pulled up tight into her crotch.  Terry watched her, his eyes glued to her slender hands as she gradually revealed more of her thirteen year old body to him.

He watched her dress expose her flat tummy, neat belly button waiting for someone to fill it with spunk, her chest, her tiny buds, nipples hard and erect with arousal as she watched her little sister nibbling and biting at his face and neck.

A full minute after she started to pull off her dress, Kimberley stood there in front of him wearing only panties, shoes and socks.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked him.

"I'm captivated," Terry whispered, unable to talkproperly.  "Come over here and I'll take your panties off."

Terry disengaged himself from the clinging limpet Rachel, climbed out of bed and walked towards the waiting teenager. Both girls gasped as they saw his rock hard cock for the first time, and their eyes didn't leave it for a moment.  Terry fell to his knees and reached for the waistband of Kimberley's panties.

He tugged downwards and he felt rather than heard the girl breathing heavily in anticipation.  He examined the young flesh he was exposing closely.  It was totally devoid of any imperfection.  There were the tiny, almost microscopic blonde hairs which covered her body, and the smooth flat skin with goosebumps all over it.  He took his time, knowing the wait would make what was to follow all the more exciting for both of them.

Finally, the panties revealed their most exciting secret, and Terry saw her sex,  a light tuft of dark sex hair on her puffy mound, but so little that it scarcely showed on her fleshy rounded cunt.  The sex juices were already making the insides of the lips glisten and he could smell the musky odour of her arousal.

He pulled the panties to the floor and Kimberley stepped out of them, the lips of her cunt flexing and opening as she did so.

"You are perfect in every way Kimberley," Terry told her, "lie over the bed and let me look at you."

Giggling, Kimberley flopped on her back across the bed and Terry grasped her ankles, lifted them above his head and opened her legs wide.  Hewatched as her teenage cunt spread open for him and a little bubble of juice came out of her cunthole to meet him.   He lowered his face to her crotch, and planted a little kiss on her open cunt.

Kimberley gave out a little whimper of anticipation as Terry's lips touched her, and when his tongue pressed its way into her, she cried out in erotic ecstasy.  At last, Terry plastered his mouth over Kimberley's cunt.  He couldn't tease himself or the schoolgirl any longer.  He ate her cunt greedily, sucking, licking, kissing from her arsehole to her hot clit.  He reached up and fondled her tiny nipples to add to her pleasure and the teenager started cumming, shuddering and twitching in her climax.

He sucked avidly at her pussy, swallowing the copious quantities of genital juices that were flowing out of her fuckhole.  When he pushed his fingers up her hole, he noticed there was no hymen preventing the delicious intrusion and Terry wondered how it had come to be missing. Was this girl a virgin?  Or was she a dirty slut like the others, fucking her brains out at any opportunity?  She was certainly making the most of this opportunity, pressing her cunt harder against his face, her fingers playing in his hair, urgently pushing his face into her crotch. Her arse bounced up and down in instinctive fucking motions, showing him she was going to cum once more.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she cried out, "suck my cunt Terry, make me cum, lick my fuckhole, stick your fingers up me, do me darling!!"

This inspired Terry to even greater heights and he shoved his tongue into her virgin arsehole.

She instantly had her third orgasm in as many minutes, and her little sister said,
"Hey, you're hogging him.  I want a go too.  Fucking let him go bitch!"

"You're only nine, you can't cum yet!" Kimberley spat at Rachel.

"I can too, Tubby Thompson and I've been playing with each other after school for three months. Once I let him fuck his cock into me, and I've even had a period. I'm a woman just as much as you.  I can cum if I want to.  And I want to, so you get off Terry and let him eat my cunt now."

"How do you know all about this Rachel,"  Terry asked.  He was at last getting a chance to catch his breath.

"I've seen the books Kimberley keeps in the back of her wardrobe.  She's got a collection there.  The old guy next door gets them for her because she plays with his prick sometimes."

"I do not!!" protested Kimberley.

"Yes you do, I've seen you. I've seen you dancing naked for him too.  The books are great Terry.  There's lots of pictures of guys sticking their cocks into girls, and even one showing a chick screwing with a dog.  I get really hot looking at them."

Kimberley was very quiet at this point, but Terry had a pretty good idea how Kimberley came to lose her virginity.  

He had almost forgotten about Rachel in the excitement of sucking Kimberley's cunt, but now for the first time he saw her, naked as she was born and kneeling sexily on the bed. Her clothes were in a pile on the floor where she had thrown them.+Terry rearranged the girls so that Rachel was lying on her back, legs spread, cunt gaping, and her sister was kneeling at her side.  Terry feasted on Rachel's nine year old slit while his right hand worked Kimberley's clit.  Rachel's boyish body bucked and shivered as his tongue slipped up and down her slimy slit.  

In no time Rachel proved to everyone's satisfaction that she was indeed capable of an orgasm, and as Terry's fingers and tongue probed her, he verified that she was certainly not a virgin.

"Damn," he thought, "the girls in this area sure get started early.  I wonder if there are any virgins over ten years old in this entire valley?  Does every girl in this whole neighbourhood screw any man that comes along?  Are they all promiscuous?"

Kimberley orgasmed again on his hand, as her sister Rachel came on his tongue.  And to make the full set of three, Terry shot his spunk onto the floor without even touching his prick.

"You girls better get back downstairs again before someone comes up here looking for you." Terry suggested.

"Come on Kimberley, let's go tell the others," Rachel said as she scooped up her clothes and put her panties on the floor on top of Kim's. Kimberley tossed hers on the pile as well and they disappeared out the door and down the stairs.



---------------

Don't miss the thrilling conclusion to this story,cumming soon.  Learn what happens at the party.

Be present for the sex show to end all sex shows.

Find out how girl guides  light a fire by rubbing two sticks together, see the netball team in a training workout, take part in schoolgirls party games, including a huge daisy chain around the pool.

See the men taking turns to fuck the girls till they can't get it up any more.

See Angelica having her morning breakfast routine with her five live in guys and her barnyard friends.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
