


                           The Village of the Amazons
        
        Kelly  was a graduate student, majoring in archaeology. This  was 
        her  first  real break; actually going to Brazil  to  study  Inca 
        ruins  at  the base of the Amazon basin! This trip would  be  the 
        basis  for her thesis, and she was sure that it would give her  a 
        good  enough grade to get her into the Ph.D. program at  Harvard. 
        The boat trip up the wide river, with impassable jungle to either 
        side, was too long. She wanted to get to the ruins right away!
        
        She woke up, not knowing where she was. Something was wrong. This 
        wasn't her cabin! She was outside somewhere, in the jungle. There 
        was  no sign of Captain Marcovise or the crew. She tried  to  sit 
        up,  but discovered that her arms and feet were bound. She  could 
        only  lie  on  the spongy ground, waiting to find  out  what  had 
        happened to her, or what would happen to her.
        
        She looked around her. She was in a crude hut of mud, with a roof 
        of  woven leaves. The only door was covered with a  crude  woolen 
        blanket,  but it was unmistakenly from one of the cities  towards 
        the coast. At least somebody traded with these people. Maybe  one 
        of them would speak English. Then the blanket was brushed  aside, 
        and in walked Captain Marcovise, with a wide grin on his face.
        
        "Captain! Am I glad to see you. Untie me, quick!" Kelly said.
        
        "Not so fast, my little American friend," Marcovise said. "How do 
        you  think  you  got here in the first place? I am  here  to  say 
        farewell, not to rescue you."
        
        "Farewell? What do you mean?"
        
        "Well, my little American, I am sure that you have no idea of how 
        valuable someone like you is here. The natives have paid me  well 
        for a fine, healthy girl such as yourself," Marcovise said with a 
        grin. "Paid me well indeed."
        
        "Wait!  I'll  pay  you twice what they did, just get  me  out  of 
        here!" Kelly pleaded. 
        
        "Ha!  You  do not have that much money, my little  American.  The 
        artwork  these  superstitious natives gave me for  you  is  worth 
        millions of American dollars. And besides," Marcovise said as  he 
        headed for the door. "If I were to help you escape, I would never 
        make it out of here alive. Farewell, my little American friend!"
        
        "Marcovise!!!  You  can't do this!!! Help me!!!" But it  was  too 
        late. The slimy riverboat captain was gone. Kelly moaned. She had 
        heard  stories, read reports, of the natives of the  deep  Amazon 
        basin.  She  would most likely be killed, a sacrifice to  one  of 
        their gods. She began to sob.
        
        After a few minutes, Kelly was startled to see a white girl enter 
        the  hut.  She was about Kelly's age, and was dressed in  a  very 
        revealing  garment  of woven moss. Kelly was blond,  tanned,  and 






        very  well  endowed.  This other girl was  almost  the  opposite; 
        brunet, pale (but not sickly), and also with very large  breasts. 
        The  girl carried a spear. She knelt down and hefted Kelly up  as 
        if  she were a sack of potatoes, and none of  Kelly's  thrashings 
        could free her.
        
        The white girl carried her through the native village. Kelly  was 
        astonished  to see dozens of other white girls, some blond,  some 
        brunette,  some  even with red hair,  all  incredibly  beautiful, 
        gathering  around her as she was being carried to the  center  of 
        the village. There were no men to be seen, Kelly noticed.
        
        The  brunette who had been carrying Kelly placed her on  a  stone 
        slab,  open to the sky. Her wrists were brought up over her  head 
        and  secured  by a hole that had been carved  through  the  stone 
        slab,  and  her  ankles were similarly  tied.  The  native  women 
        gathered around her, waving their spears in the air and  chanting 
        in  some  language that Kelly couldn't identify.  They  began  to 
        stare  up at the sky as they chanted and danced around  her,  and 
        Kelly began to understand that she was to be the main course in a 
        feast in the honor of their gods. She began to cry again.
        
        Then another woman walked through the crowd that surrounded  her. 
        Torches were lit, as the sun was going down, and the shadows from 
        the  flickering  light danced across the  faces  and  volutptuous 
        bodies of the Amazons that held her prisoner. Damn Marcovise  and 
        his greedy soul anyway! If Kelly ever got out of this...
        
        The woman came over to the stone altar that held Kelly bound  and 
        helpless.  Kelly gasped. She was the most beautiful  woman  Kelly 
        had ever seen! Dark haired, with long legs and a beautiful  body, 
        Kelly almost forgot her predicament in her wonder. The woman wore 
        a  ceremonial heddress with great plumes on it, and held  a  wand 
        with  more  feathers in her hand. At least,  Kelly  thought,  she 
        didn't  have  a  knife. The woman shouted a single  word  in  the 
        strange  tounge  and all was quiet. The Amazons  surrounding  the 
        altar stopped their dancing and stared at Kelly.
        
        The priestess of the Amazons stared up at the sky and spoke  some 
        sort  of invocation to their gods, which was repeated at  regular 
        intervals by the assembled women. When she finished, she  stepped 
        back  and shouted a single word, pointing at Kelly's bound  form, 
        stretched across the stone altar. With a shriek, the Amazons fell 
        to  her, tearing off her clothes with wild abandon.  Kelly  cried 
        hysterically as everything she wore was torn from her body,  from 
        her  kerchief to her hiking boots. When the priestess called  the 
        Amazons  off  of  Kelly, she was totally naked.  Her  wrists  and 
        ankles were still cruelly and cunningly bound, however, and Kelly 
        could not move save for wriggling helplessly.
        
        The priestess again came over to her, bearing the feathered  wand 
        in her hand. Kelly wondered how the end would come, for surely it 
        was coming soon. The priestess again shouted a litany at the sky, 
        and again the Amazons howled and shrieked with joyous faith.
        






        The Amazon priestess then once again silenced the crowd. She made 
        a  circle  over  Kelly  with  the  wand,  and  then,  to  Kelly's 
        astonishment,  brought the feathers of the wand down  across  her 
        stomach.  Despite herself and her terror, Kelly began to  giggle. 
        This  made the assembled throng scream with glee. They seemed  to 
        want  her to laugh! Whether they wanted her to or not, Kelly  was 
        laughing, and couldn't help herself.
        
             The  priestess smiled. Sympathetically, it seemed to  Kelly. 
        Whether  or not she felt sympathetic, the priestess kept  up  the 
        infernal  tickling.  The  feathers on the  ceremonial  wand  kept 
        gliding  across her tummy, always just skirting the edges of  her 
        belly button. Kelly's laughter became harder and harder, and  she 
        began  to squirm more and more in her bonds. Nothing she did  had 
        any effect. The tickling went on.
        
            Kelly's  stomach  muscles were stretched taut as  she  vainly 
        tried  to  keep in her hysteria. Even holding her breath  did  no 
        good,  as the laughter seemed to bubble forth from her  lips.  It 
        seemed  as  if  Kelly was going to die laughing.  Her  lungs  and 
        stomach  ached from laughing so hard. And still the torture  went 
        on.  The feathers made their way across Kelly's stomach, and  she 
        began  to buck up and down, as much as her bonds allowed, as  the 
        priestess  tickled her in the soft spot right below her ribs.  It 
        was  maddening!  The  priestess then reached over  and  began  to 
        torment  the other side, not giving Kelly any time to  catch  her 
        breath.
        
             Kelly  wasn't laughing any more; she didn't have the  breath 
        to. All she could do was silently sob with her mouth open as  the 
        feathers  went on and on tickling her. Then it stopped.  Blinking 
        the  tears out of her eyes, Kelly was able to catch  her  breath. 
        Was the ordeal over? No. Merely a respite. The finalle was coming 
        up. In her hand, the priestess had a single, long, blue  feather, 
        from  some fantastic tropical bird, in her hand. She held  it  up 
        and turned to the assembled mass of beautiful Amazons around her. 
        They  let  out a scream of extacy, knowing that soon  their  gods 
        would  be  appeased until the next full moon, and happy  that  it 
        wasn't them under the ceremonial feathers.
            
            The  long blue feather began to descend to  Kelly's  already-
        aching  tummy.  "No, please," she sobbed, as she again  felt  the 
        tickling torment. This was the worst of all, though. The very tip 
        of  the  feather was delicately played across her  stomach,  with 
        seemingly   loving  attention  and  care,  and  the  effect   was 
        maddening.  The priestess slowly circled the tip of  the  feather 
        around  Kelly's belly button, and as it got closer and closer  to 
        the indentation, Kelly's laughter got harder and her pleas became 
        more desperate. 
        
             Kelly's stomach tensed just as the feather entered her belly 
        button.  She  let  out a tortured howl,  screaming,  begging  for 
        mercy,  as the Amazon priestess danced the tip of the  long  blue 
        feather around and around in her hyperticklish belly button.  All 
        of the ticking she had endured up 'till now was nothing  compared 






        to  the agony she was now forced to endure. Through a  red  haze, 
        Kelly  barely could tell when the terrible ordeal was ended.  Yet 
        end it did, eventually. When Kelly regained her wits, she  looked 
        around, and saw the Amazons sprawled out on the ground around the 
        altar, passed out in an orgy of tribal passion. The priestess was 
        the only one still attentive.
        
        "Congratulations, you did well," the priestess said.
        
        "You speak English?" was all the astonished Kelly could say.
        
        "Of  course.  You are not the first girl to be  brought  to  this 
        tribe by unscrupulous traders. But fear not. You have passed  the 
        test  of our gods, and you are now one of us. You will stay  here 
        the rest of your life."
        
        "But..."
        
        "Sleep  now.  You  have been through much. And  rejoice;  as  the 
        Chosen  of the gods, you will hold special privelege  within  the 
        tribe." Kelly drifted off to sleep. 
        
        "Yes,"  said  the  priestess. "Only the chosen  of  the  gods  is 
        allowed to act as sacrifice during every full moon."
        



