(c) Copyright 1996 Benny the Jetter.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Kelly - part 2

Written by Benny the Jetter


 
Terry's Weekend in Charge
 - A tale of adult education - just who is the teacher?

The door slammed behind Alison and Terry heard the car drive away.  He walked back into the living room and studied the young girl standing there in the middle of the room, looking expectantly at him.  What to do first?  Should he strip her naked and fuck her until she can't walk there and then?  Or should he take his time and savour the moment, taking all night to build up to a momentous climax? Or should he fuck her this way and that and try out lots of dirty games with her?  

"Just look at the dirty fucking slut," Terry thought.  "She's only 13, but she certainly knows how to make a man happy.  She clearly loves being treated as a sexual plaything, and likes to display herself in a lewd fashion.  She must have been fucked plenty of times by John, and who knows how many others?  She seems to enjoy behaving like a dirty cheap whore - well I don't mind that one little bit myself, and I'll make use of it.  Here's to a great weekend!!"

"Now, Kelly," Terry began, "while I decide what to do with you, I want you to stand exactly where you are ... stand up straight, feet apart, arms out to the side  ...   what a pretty sight you are.  Why are you still wearing your school clothes - don't you change when you get home from school?"

"Yes I do normally, but Auntie Alison thought I'd look sexier for you if I stayed in my uniform.  Do you like me like this, Terry?" Kelly lowered her head and peered at Terry coquettishly, her eyelashes fluttering, her tiny tits pressing at the fabric of her white blouse and her lovely hands on her hips.

"Yes darling, or course I do," Terry stammered, trembling with the excitement of the moment.  His most lurid dreams were going to come true this weekend.  

"Terry, I like to be your plaything, I love to show off for you. Does it please you to look at me?  I'm not too little am I? You probably like girls with big tits.  Mine are hardly more than pimples, but they're very sensitive and I love to play with them.  John likes to me to pose for him while he takes videos and still pictures of me. Would you like to do that before we have something to eat?"

Sounded like fun to Terry.  

"Why don't you show me your lithe little body while I take off my clothes?" he suggested.

As Terry stripped off every stitch of clothing for what he was sure would be the last time this weekend, Terry's rock hard prick sprang forth ready to spear the girl in whatever orifice she left near him.

The 13 year old was expert in displaying her charms for him. She didn't remove any clothes at all, but got him hotter than ever by flicking her short skirt up and sticking out her pantied bum, fondling her little tits through the blouse, rubbing her pubescent crotch through her skirt and panties.

Once he was totally naked himself, Terry had her stand still again, while he did the caressing.  He fondled her body through her clothes and listened to her breathing quicken as she became more and more aroused.  It felt wonderful to slide his hands down her back to her little firm arse and press Kelly's panties up into her young crack.  He stood behind her, gently touched the head of his cock to the crotch of her panties and ran his hands up and down her front.  He felt her involuntarily push back with her arse into his cock, which made her tits press gently into his hands.  

Feeling totally free with this uninhibited young girl, Terry unbuttoned her blouse while he rubbed his cock in her crotch.  Kelly was wearing a pretty little bra which unclasped in the front, so he undid it and uncovered her budding little tits.  Terry reached in and cupped the young mounds in his hands. Her nipples were hard and upstanding with her desire, and Terry fondled them lovingly, twisting them and pulling them gently.  Kelly sighed and moaned with excitement.

On the verge of shooting his load at his new found slut, Terry held his cock in both hands and slowly rubbed it all over her legs, hips, everywhere he could reach.  When Kelly said,

"Terry, I love the feel of your hot cock on my body, I can't wait to suck it and to feel you spunk up my cunt," Terry knew he was going to cum.  Terry wrapped his prick in her pretty blue pleated skirt and masturbated until he shot his semen all over it.  She stood there patiently while his cock gushed forth its hot sticky sperm, touching him lightly with her hands and lips on his face and body.

When he had finished cumming, he stood back and admired his work so far.  He had been alone with this 13year old schoolgirl for not even half an hour yet, and there she was, her school uniform all dishevelled, her tits out on display, and fresh spunk stains all over her skirt.  And the fire of sexual arousal in her eyes was there for anyone to see.  The little slut was having the time of her life.

"That was nice Terry," she said finally, "I can see you like me.  I do like you to touch me and be dirty with me.  You really can do anything you like, you know.  I won't tell anyone because I enjoy all these games myself.  I like to play with myself in front of the video camera, to pretend I'm a porno actress trying out for my first sex film.  Would you like to get the camera out and film me? Daddy took some videos of me and some of my friends from school last school holidays.  We can watch them later if you like. Would you like that, Terry?"

"Yes, I most definitely would," Terry gulped.  This young bitch was like a rutting dog on heat! "OK let's make a video.  Where is the camera?"

"In the cupboard under the stairs," Kelly told him.  "You'll probably need the lights and tripod as well. Daddy found that unless he had the tripod he couldn't hold the camera still enough."

"That'd be fucking right," Terry thought.  "Probably trembling in excitement and pulling on his dick all the time if she was anything like this."

"Do you have any idea what sort of film we should make?" Kelly asked. 'Silly fucking question' thought Terry 'we want to film your cunt in action, what else?'

Terry said, "I have an idea.  Let's film a little story about how you come home from school after having been naughty with some boys behind the boiler room at school.  Your mother's out, and you have to get the sperm stains off your uniform before she gets home.   You take your skirt off to wash it, and your pussy touches the cupboard handle under the laundry tub as you wash.  This makes you horny and gives you some ideas and you start to play with yourself.  How's that for starters?"

"That sounds like fun.  Daddy never had a proper story before, just pictures of us being dirty.  Don't get me wrong, I like to be dirty for Daddy and Uncle John and Daddy's friends from the camera club - it makes me feel loved and wanted like a proper woman, but this will be a real blast!!"

"OK, Kelly, do up your blouse again, so you  look like you do when you come home from school.  Don't bother about putting your bra on again, I like to see your tits jiggling as you walk along.  Better get your bag as well.  Now go outside the front door and when I call out, 'ACTION' you come in just like you do every afternoon after school.  And remember the story, you think you're going to get into trouble because of the cum on your skirt and you're relieved to find your mum's out.  You have to get your skirt clean before she finds out.  OK?"

On the action call, Kelly threw open the door like a professional actress, calling out for her mum, showing pleasure when Mum didn't reply, and looked down at her skirt.

"I'd better get this fucking skirt clean before Mum gets home," Kelly said, making up the dialogue as the mood took her.  As Kelly lifts her skirt to look at the sperm stains, we see her smooth thighs and rounded hips, and of course her white cotton school panties, encasing her thirteen year old cunt.  The shape of her budding sex is just visible through her underwear.   "If she sees these spunk stains," Kelly continues, "I'll be grounded for the rest of my life and then there'll be no more playing around with the boys from school."  She held the hem of her skirt in her hands and looked at it with a worried expression on her face.

"Yeah Cut!" Terry said, "that was marvellous, darling.  Now hold it just there for a minute - don't move - I'll get down on the floor and take a shot from here of you looking at your skirt.  I want to get a good look up your skirt to your panties."

Terry directed his young actress to walk towards him as he lay on the floor with the camera pointing up at a 45 degree angle.  She put her bag down on the floor, put one foot up on a chair and lifted up her skirt so her panties came into view.  Terry stopped her, and asked her to do the shot again, but only after he had pulled her white cotton panties up nice and snug into her crack.  That way when Kelly lifted up her skirt, the viewers would see the outline of her cunt and arse through her panties.  Terry took quite a while to get the panties just right, because he kept nuzzling her and fondling her pussy and she kept encouraging him.  Finally everything was ready, and Terry called 'ACTION' again.

Kelly walked towards Terry, put her bag down, put her foot up on the chair so her thighs were widespread, said the lines about the spunk stains as she lifted her skirt.  The camera started on her feet, and slowly panned up her white socks, her trim firm calves, knees and thighs as the skirt rose, lingering on her slim smooth thighs, and pausing for a long time on her schoolgirl's panties.  This time they were stretched wonderfully over her crotch so they were pulled up slightly into the girl's crack and there was a splendid outline of all her pubescent genital and arse area. There was a small spot of wetness in the gusset of Kelly's panties because all this playing around had made her very wet.  It was leaking right through her panties now and was showing from the outside! Terry zoomed the shot back to a wide angle, so that Kelly's cunt stayed in the shot but her hands, her body and finally her face came into the picture.

Next Terry had  Kelly take the skirt off, this time getting a teasing shot down her blouse to her little tits as she bent down slowly.  They took several pictures of Kelly walking through the house towards the laundry, making sure they got good pictures of her tits bobbing up and down as she walked, and her arse wiggling inside its thin cotton packaging.

Kelly goes over to the tub, her budding breasts just reaching over the top of it, and touching it erotically as she turns the taps on and puts water into the tub.  In the process, she splashes water onto her blouse, giving Terry the opportunity to show pictures of her wet tits in their now transparent blouse.  Kelly takes her blouse off, not wanting to get any more water on it, and starts to wash her skirt.

Terry zooms in for a close-up of her nipples wiggling between her arms as she washes her skirt.   Her teenage breasts look like small mounds of royal icing they're so firm, and as the nipples scrape gently on the edge of the tub, they become more and more erect, the areolae around them becoming more pink and tight as Kelly gets excited.

Next Terry stops her again and arranges the camera and lights so he's below her and behind, looking up at her pantied arse and crotch from about knee level.  He zooms in for a close up of the gusset of Kelly's panties, neatly encasing her sex.  The camera captures Kelly clenching and relaxing her arse muscles, which pushes her mons veneris against the cupboard door-handle.  This gives the schoolgirl a sexy idea, and she opens the cupboard. She stands so that the door is between her legs and she humps her cunt on it.

Another mid shot from the door, and we see our actress making fucking movements against the open cupboard door.  She sees a hairbrush sitting on the bench and it gives her another good idea. She takes it, looks at it with an evil look in her eye, and reaches behind herself.

Terry moves the camera and lights yet again, so that he's got a close up of her arse from just below crotch level.  Kelly sticks her arse out towards the camera, pulls her panties down at the back and stretches her arsecheeks open.  The camera is staring right up her arsehole as she firstly fingers the tight nether hole, shoving one then two fingers up herself, then the handle of the brush goes in so slowly that we feel like pushing it up for her.

She fucks her arsehole with the brush for a while and we hear her breathing quicken.

"Ooh yes," she says to herself, "I love fucking my bum like this.  I want a man to fuck my arsehole one day."

She leaves the brush up her arse and goes back to rinsing out her skirt, the bristles of the hairbrush pressing against her white cotton school panties, holding them down.
Another mid shot from the door and Kelly finishes washing her skirt.  She walks past the camera into the kitchen, and out the door.  As she walks, the brush moves in her arse and waves from side to side like a bushy tail.  Terry takes a very long shot of her walking out to the clothes line dressed in only black school shoes, white knee length socks, white panties and a big hairbrush.  Kelly gives him a great shot of her reaching up to peg the skirt on the line, pushing her tiny tits out for the camera.  Then she walks back towards the camera, tits jiggling only slightly from side to side.

Just in front of the camera near the doorway, she stops and fucks the brush in and out of her arsehole again, as though she thought it was going to fall out, and then walks inside past Terry.

The next shot is in the kitchen, with Kelly bending over looking into the frig looking for a drink.  Terry focuses the camera on her pretty little arse, with its big hairbrush embedded in it and the white panties pulled down to the top of her slim thighs.  Without any suggestions from Terry, our naughty young starlet gets out a family size coke bottle, walks over to the cupboard and gets out a glass which she puts on the kitchen bench.

She stops what she's doing to play with her tits for a little while, then to fuck her arse again with the brush.  Finally, she pours a drink out for herself.  Then Terry had a wonderful surprise that really shouldn't have surprised him at all, given the wanton manner in which this little slut had been behaving so far.

Kelly, having taken a small swig from the glass, took the bottle and started to massage her cuntlips with it through her panties.  She had a dreamy look in her eyes, indicating how horny she really was, and her cunt was juicing so much her panties were thoroughly wet through in the gusset.

She put the bottle down on the floor, and Terry zoomed in for an extreme close-up as Kelly turned to face him, tucked her two thumbs into the waist band of her panties and pulled them down to her knees.  The hairbrush was about to fall out of her arsehole so she pushed it back up and stood astride the coke bottle.  She fingered her young juicy wet 13 year-old cunt for a minute, and then squatted down over the top of the large bottle.

"Stop!" called Terry, "I have to move the camera so I can see your cunt and arsehole at the same time.  Just wait there for a sec while I set the camera and lights up.  Jesus, you're a dirty fucking slut Kelly.  You enjoy performing like this, don't you?"

As Terry moved the camera to floor level and to one side where he could see the brush sticking out of her arsehole and the bottle pointing directly at her teenaged vagina, Kelly said,

"I like to do things that please men.  Daddy says I have a pretty cunt and I should let him and his friends use it to give them pleasure.  And that gives me pleasure.  I've never made a movie like this, though.  I think it's fun, don't you?  I practice this every day, and I can nearly pick up the bottle with my pussy now,  would you like to see?"

"Hang on darling, I want to get this on the video."  He scrambled to get behind the camera again, nearly breaking his fat hard cock in the process, and when he had the focus and lighting right, he called "ACTION" again.
Kelly pulled her cuntlips wide apart so her cunthole was stretched open and gaping. The juice is dribbling out over her fingers as she touches her cunt to the lip of the bottle. Steadily, she sits down until the entire neck of the bottle is up her hole, and the hairbrush up her arse is touching the floor.  Gently, she bounces up and down as Terry nearly cums just looking at her.

She stands up again, the coke bottle sliding out again easily, all wet and smeared with her sex juice.  Kelly lets her panties drop to the floor, neatly encircling the bottle and she steps out of them.

This time, she walks over to the frig and we see her cuntlips all swollen with desire as she walks away.  She opens the frig and we get a perfect look right up her holes as she points her arse in our direction stands with her feet about four feet apart and bends over from the waist to look into the frig.  One hand comes back through her legs to push the hairbrush back up her arse and then stuff two fingers up her cunt.

Kelly finds a sausage in the frig and shoves it up her cunt.

"Nah," she says, "too small." She pulls it out again and puts it back in the frig.  Then she fucks a stick of celery up, rejects that, then a carrot, a zucchini and lastly two carrots. All these are rejected as too small and are put back.  

Kelly picks five grapes and stuffs them up her cunt, picks up a cucumber and closes the frig door.

The next shot is in the living room, where Kelly enters, now completely naked except for her shoes and socks.  The hairbrush is still up her arsehole and the grapes are in her cunt.  She's running the cucumber all over her tits to make them move beautifully for the camera.

Kelly looks at the clock, says,

"Two hours until mum comes home, there's time for a video," and turns the TV on.

Again we are treated to the sight of her teenage arse filled with hairbrush handle as she bends over looking into the cupboard for a videotape.  She picks one out, puts it into the machine and settles back into the easy chair to watch. Automatically, her legs are splayed wide over the arms of the chair and we see her cunt and arsehole in all their glory.

With one hand, she plays with the hairbrush up her arse, while with the other she fondles her hard tits and her cunt.  As the movie begins, she recovers one of the grapes from her cunt and pops it into her mouth.

The movie is highly pornographic and features a group sex party of about forty people, obviously filmed here at the house, but Terry was trying to concentrate on his own video for the moment. He decided to watch Kelly's video later on.

Meanwhile, Kelly was really into her character, and was eating her cunt-flavoured grapes with abandon, and with evil fire in her eyes.  When they were all eaten, Kelly retrieved the huge cucumber from the seat beside her and slowly stuffed it into her cunthole.  It took quite a while to get it right  up, because she was very young and it was a large cucumber, but she finally got it in.

Once that was accomplished,she lifted her hands into the air with an expression of triumph on her face and said,

"There, do you like the way I look now?  Don't my holes look better filled up?  Wouldn't you like to play with my wonderful toys, Terry?"

That was the final straw for our amateur film director.  His cock was going to burst any second anyway, and he didn't want to waste his semen on the floor.  He wanted to shoot it into this precocious little slut who was preforming like a mexican whore in front of the camera.  Terry dropped the camera on the floor and rushed over to Kelly.

He yanked the cucumber out of her twat and without any ceremony, stuffed his swollen cock up her as far as he could get it.

As he fucked her, Kelly caressed his body and wrapped her legs around him.  She kissed him passionately, her tongue exploring his mouth, her lips wetting his face, and her cunt sucking on his cock.

She murmured encouragement to him,

"OOOOH darling Terry, that feels so good, I like your cock up my cunt.  I want to feel you shoot your spunk up me.  Fuck me hard, hurt me ... fuck me harder, harder ... give me your lovely sperm in my twat ... fuck my cunt ... Oh fuck, I can feel that lovely buzzing feeling coming again ... I'm cumming!"  

Kelly's juicy split squeezed Terry's cock like a hand on it as the schoolgirl orgasmed underneath his thrusting body.  Her arms pulled his naked torso against her little tits, and her legs pulled his cock hard up into her cunt.  As she came, she sucked on his tongue, flicking her own tongue all over its sensitive underside.

With nature taking over from Terry's desire to continue the marvellous feeling of fucking this filthy little 13 year-old forever, Terry finally was forced to give in and let his orgasm surge over him.

His cock swelled up, his balls contracted and the semen rushed up the fuckshaft and out the piss-hole in the end. His spunk jetted out all over the tightly gripping walls of Kelly's lovely cunthole, smearing the hot white jizm all over her sensitive gash.



Terry stood up, and took a look at the fucked schoolgirl whore in front of him, her legs all akimbo, her cunt swollen and red, white sperm oozing out of her sexhole.  He simply had to kiss her in the most intimate way, so he fell to his knees and buried his face in her sloppy wet split.  As he sucked his spunk out of her freshly fucked cunt, Kelly said,

"I like that.  Daddy likes to do that too, after all the guys from the camera club have fucked me.  Only then there's more spunk up there.  Daddy likes me to lick him clean too. Would you like me to do that?"

How could Terry turn down an invitation like that?  He lifted his face from her tasty crotch to say,

"You must tell me all about these camera club meetings of your father's.  Perhaps I should join do you think? Anyway, why don't I lie down on the floor and you can suck my cock clean while I lick your darling little cunt.  How about that?"

"Oh yes, I love 69, lets do that."

Terry fell on the floor, holding his cock up for Kelly to suck. She put a knee on each side of his face, bent forward to suck him and lowered her pussy to his mouth.  As they sucked at each other, they tasted the full flavour of their sex juices mixing together with the fresh juices beginning to flow again.

Terry's hands fondled the whole of the young schoolgirl's unsullied body lying on top of him.  The slim back, over the buttocks, down the backs of her thighs to her knees, up again, into the crack of her arse long enough to push a finger up her arsehole, then along her sides to her wonderful tits.

Kelly meanwhile, was sucking and slurping Terry's genital area from his thighs to his belly button, her hands wandering and caressing him to distraction.  Her tongue and lips were touching him in ways he'd never experienced before and sending him to ever new heights of ecstasy.  He was getting ready to shoot yet another load of sperm into her.

Kelly murmured to him, "Spunk in my mouth Terry, I want to suck you off into my mouth, as I cum on your face ... give me your seed to eat ... let it go ... cum you bastard, cum now!"


They orgasmed simultaneously, Terry shooting another load of sticky sperm at his schoolgirl whore and Kelly pushing her pouting thirteen year old pussy onto his face and clenching her buttocks on his fingers.

After a couple of minutes to catch their breath, Terry said,

"It was great to eat you, you filthy dirty little cunt slut, but what do we do about dinner? Did your aunt leave us any food?   After all this fun I'm getting hungry."

"Of course, haven't we thought of everything so far?  Auntie Alison said we had to make this weekend unlike any you'd ever had before and we weren't to forget any detail."  Terry noticed a drop of his spunk on her cheek and he licked it off.

"I am supposed to yield to your every wish," Kelly continued, "and to make sure your cock stays hard all weekend.  In that case, we can't afford to waste time cooking can we?  I made some microwave dinners the other day and they're in the freezer.  Let's go and get them!"

She leapt up and ran into the kitchen.  Her tits bounced invitingly once more and her cunt peeped at him from between her legs as she moved.  Terry couldn't believe that this was a thirteen year old.  She was behaving like a seasoned whore from Bangkok. Still, this wasn't any time to be looking gift horses in the mouth, or the cunt or anywhere else for that matter.  He got up and followed her into the kitchen, where he found her at the sink.

"Fuck, just look at the little minx," Terry said to himself, "look at her small boyish figure, that lovely hair cascading onto her shoulders, the slim firm back, the tight rounded arse, the long thin legs, and her only clothing the white socks and black shoes."  He pulled on his stiffening cock again as he watched her getting the dinner ready.  He decided she looked far more erotic wearing just the shoes and socks than if she'd been completely naked for him.

Kelly looked at him with a wicked gleam in her eye as she picked up a small carrot from his salad and shoved it up her arsehole until only about half a centimetre was visible.  Then she pulled it out, kissed it and put it on his plate. Next, she picked up another little carrot and a piece of avocado and approached Terry with an evil look.  She stuffed the carrot up Terry's arse and rubbed the avocado all around his cock and balls.  With the carrot still up his arse, Kelly led Terry by the hand over to the bench where she was assembling the dinners, and pulled the carrot out of his bum, kissed it and put on her plate.  She put the mushy avocado on her plate as well. She had just knelt down to lick the avocado off his cock and balls when the microwave beeped and she stood up.

"Come on," she said, leaving Terry wondering what to do with his now rock-hard boner, "we have to eat this soup before it gets cold."

Terry followed her wiggling, beckoning arse as she walked into the dining room carrying the soup.  He would have followed that sight over a cliff if she wanted it - he was totally besotted with the sheer horny eroticism of her whorish behaviour and it was made even more piquant because she was so young.

Kelly sat him down in a high backed chair at the large mahogany  dining table.

"I've only made one bowl of soup because I thought I'd like to share it with you.  If there's not enough we can go back and get some more.  Can I sit on your lap, Terry?"

This fucking slut asks some dumb questions sometimes, "Of course, my little whore. Get over here."

She climbed onto his lap facing him, pushing her tits into his face in the process. 

"I like it when you call me a slut and a whore, Terry," she said, "It makes me feel so sexy and grown up.  I love doing sexy and dirty things more than almost anything else."

"You sound to me like the perfect daughter, Kelly," Terry laughed. "I wish my own daughters were as free and uninhibited as you are."

"Why don't you have them come and stay with me, I'll show them how to have fun."  

Terry though that idea had possibilities, but let the idea drop for now.  He knew an opportunity when he saw one and took the chance to suck one of her nipples into his mouth.  This didn't seem to phase her one little bit, because she carried on reaching between her legs for his erection, and guided it into her wet cunthole.

As Terry's cock soaked up the cuntjuices in her schoolgirl's gash, Kelly started to feed him the most delicious warm pumpkin soup. 

Terry fondled her tits as she fed him from her spoon, first him then her.   After about five spoonfuls, she clearly became bored with this and wanted something more unusual.  

She put a large spoonful of soup in her mouth and immediately kissed him.  She clenched her cunt muscles on his cock and pressed her tits onto his chest as they exchanged the soup from mouth to mouth.  Then it was Terry's turn.  She gave him a large spoonful and sucked it back from his mouth.

The bowl was half empty and Terry was fighting back another orgasm when Kelly came up with another game - she poured the spoonful over Terry's face and neck.  (So that's why it was only warm not hot).  She put her gentle arms around him, pressed herself against him and licked the soup off in long, erotic licks around his face and neck.  Terry wasn't to be outdone, however and when Kelly had finished cleaning him up, he poured soup down her front, over her tits and down her flat firm belly.

To get at the soup so perfectly displayed, Terry had to take the girl off his cock and sit her on the table.  This wasn't so bad really, because he didn't want to cum up her yet and he certainly was going to if he didn't let his prick get a little rest.  

The girl sat there, legs apart, as Terry fingered her snatch and licked up the soup from her perfect body.  He paid special attention to her marvellous nipples, which made the dirty slut moan in excitement again.

Terry ate some soup from her belly, then licked downwards towards her cunt.  She poured more soup down her belly and over her pussy, as though encouraging him to eat her.  There was not much hair on her juvenile crotch, but what was there was well and truly matted with spunk, cunt slime and food.  Terry thought it was a concoction he ought to package and market it was so delicious.  

Terry ate up all his soup like a good boy, licking his 'plate' clean afterwards, and making his young whore cum twice in the process. By the time he finished his soup, Kelly was lying flat on her back across the table, her arse and cunt hanging over the edge onto Terry's face and her legs waving in the air above them.

Then it was Terry's turn to be the 'plate'.  Kelly had him stand facing the table, then bend forwards so his feet were on the floor and his chest was on the table.  She poured some of the tasty pumpkin soup on his back and let it run down into the crack of his arse.  When she bent down to start licking it up, her hand strayed between his legs to play with his cock.

Terry's poor old dick hadn't seen so much action in twenty years, but still this teenage schoolgirl tart managed to cause a stirring in his loins as her flickering lapping tongue worked its way down his back, into his arsecrack and up his anus.  He couldn't believe this tiny creature was actually sucking on his arse and pulling his prick in the middle of the dining room!  But he wasn't about to do anything which would end the dream, so he just lay there and waited to see what would happen next.  This fucking slut was full of surprises.

Anyway, Terry didn't want to cum again yet, because there was still a lot of the weekend left and while he was having a great time with this filthy little cunt, he wanted to be able to carry on for the whole weekend.   So her made her stop once his cock was nice and firm again.  She complained, but he ignored her and made her get on with the meal.

Kelly hopped onto his lap again, stuffing his hardening cock into her slippery cunt, and they ate the salad carol had made.  It was a most lascivious way to eat salad, cock and cunt joined, man and girl naked.   Terry shoved the carrots up Kelly's bum before popping them into his mouth, they mashed the tomatoes into Kelly's tits for Terry to lick off.  Kelly put a lettuce leaf into Terry's mouth and bent forward to suck it out again in a horny wet kiss.

After the soup and salad, it was time for the dessert, and as you might have expected,they spread icecream and whipped cream on each other and licked and sucked it all off again.


---------------

After dinner was over and they'd put the dishes into the dishwasher (which took three times as long as it should have because of all the poking and feeling every time one of them bent down to put a plate in), they went into the living room. They sat on the couch, sipping on a liqueur, Kelly pulling in Terry's cock and Terry fingering her gash, and Terry asked Kelly,

"For a young girl, you know a lot about sex don't you?  How come?  Tell me about you Daddy and his Camera Club."

Kelly's reply was as frank and open as everything else about her.

"Daddy and I started 'being nice to each other' as we used to call it when I was seven.   I was sick for a few days and Daddy took some time off work to look after me. Actually, I wasn't really sick I just wanted to wag school for a few days and I think Daddy guessed but he didn't say anything.  Anyway, I got bored with just lying in bed reading books and I sneaked out onto the landing.  I heard the TV going in the living room downstairs and I crept down to see what was going on.  I was looking through the door from the kitchen, so Daddy had his back to me and couldn't see me, he was sitting on the couch watching the TV. Nervously, I crept up behind him, thinking I might shout 'BOO' or something, but I was stunned by what I saw on the TV.  There was a naked Asian girl who must have been in her very early teens with a great big cock in her mouth, and another guy fucking her from behind.  I had never even thought about sex before then, although I had been playing 'mothers and fathers' with the boys from the next door farm a few times.  I thought that was quite fun but I never really saw the point.  But here for the first time was a real FUCK.  I stood there riveted to the sight for half the movie.  I watched these guys put it to the girl every which way, finally both cumming in her mouth together, and she loved the flavour of their spunk obviously.  As the next movie started, I had to sneeze and my Dad heard me behind him.  He wheeled around in astonishment, and then I noticed he was completely buck naked.  I'd not seen Daddy naked since I was a very little girl, and I was shocked to see he had a great big cock like the guys on the TV.

"How long have you been there?" he demanded.

"A...A....About half an hour," I stammered, embarrassed and frightened at the same time.

"So you saw the movie, then," he said, rather threateningly.

"Yes, Daddy," I replied.

"What did you think of it?"  A little softer now,  I guess he thought he'd better not be too aggressive or I'd run and tell Mum when she got home.  I also was a little bit scared and thought I'd better play it soft too.

"That girl seemed to be enjoying herself, didn't she?  She liked what those men were doing to her. Were they her husbands?"

"No darling, one was her father and the other was her uncle.  They were making love to her.  Do you know what that means?"

"I think I do Daddy.  Watching that movie made me feel all funny - sort of trembly."+"That's good.  That's a good feeling.  That shows that you are a normal girl, with perfectly normal feelings. What did you think of the men?"

"Their things looked very big. Yours is very big too, isn't it Daddy?"

"Would you like to see it closer darling?"

I came round the front of the couch to see Daddy sitting with his legs widespread and his cock sticking straight in the air.  He motioned for me to sit next to him and he put his arm round me, cuddling me closer.

"Would you like to watch the next movie with me?" he asked.

I was curious by then and truthfully said I would, so he hit the remote control.  As we watched the next movie about a pre-teen girl sucking off her brothers and father and being sucked off by them in return, I got hotter and hotter.  By the time Daddy had mustered up the courage to pick my hand up and put it onto his cock I was ready for anything.  As I held his cock for the first time, just as I'm holding yours now Terry,  I felt it throbbing and moving and alive.  It made me feel wonderful to think I was giving my Daddy pleasure just by touching him.  When the movie ended with the girl swallowing cum from her two brothers and four cousins, Daddy asked me,

"Kelly darling, didn't you think that looked fun?  Would you like to try that?"

I honestly though it did look fun, so I said so.  Before you know it, I was on my knees on the floor in front of Daddy gingerly licking his cock.  One thing led to another, and before the middle of the afternoon, I'd sucked Daddy off and taken off all my clothes for him and let him suck my cunt.  I loved that right away and I adore it now. I want you to suck me again Terry.  Will you.?"

"Of course I will.  You have such a delectable little pussy, I couldn't refuse.  But don't stop telling me your story.  I'm enthralled."  Terry was on his knees in a flash, his face buried between Kelly's open thighs as she continued her story.

"That feels wonderful, Terry. Please don't stop,  I just crave that scrumptious feeling of being weak in the knees when a tongue goes up my cunt.

"Anyway, Daddy and I had so much fun that day, we both wanted to do it again.  He told me that most people wouldn't understand about our love for each other and that I should keep it just between the two of us.  I saw the sense in that even at the age of seven and so it became our special secret.

"Whenever Mummy went out for more than an hour or two during the weekends or in the evening, Daddy and I would get out the videos, strip our clothes off and suck each other off.  This happened about every month or so for about a year, when one day Daddy brought home his new video camera.

"He filmed me in my leotards first, (did I tell you I do gymnastics?  I'm quite good, I made the state team last year). Then he pulled the crotch of the leotards up into my crack, and took some film lying on the ground looking up my legs. Next he got me to pose for him taking off my leotard, touching my budding tits which were just starting to grow, looking at myself in the mirror and so on.  Finally I was naked and he got me to walk around and dance for him.  I was really excited at performing for the camera.  Daddy says I am a natural.  Do you think so Terry?"

Terry nodded.

"Once he got me to do my gymnastics floor exercise routine naked in the living room.  He said being naked made my routine much more beautiful than dressed in leotards.  He said it was a pity we couldn't all be naked when we competed.  The trouble was, he kept making me do it over and over as he moved the camera, especially when I did the splits.  I think he likes to look into my cunt, don't you?

"One night after that, Mum was away in Melbourne at work, and Dad asked me if I would mind if some friends of his came round. He said they'd started a camera club and they needed a subject to photograph.  I said I didn't mind at all, in fact I was rather flattered that they thought I was pretty enough to be their model.  Daddy said I was perfect for the job.

"There were about six members, all men, and they were from Daddy's club.  I brought them all drinks as they talked about this and that. Then Daddy called the meeting to order and got the guys to get their cameras out.  He told me to go and get into my school uniform because that was the subject for the evening.

"I went and dressed as he said, and came back feeling a little bit embarrassed being in my daggy uniform.  I thought I'd be wearing something really sophisticated for them, but Daddy knew what he wanted, so I did what I was asked. I really had fun that night.  They had me jump in the air like in a Toyota commercial, and the guys all got down on the floor so the height of the jump was exaggerated.  I think they were really trying to get a shot up my dress, but I didn't mind that either.  Then they had me dance around for them with lots of twirls and high kicks so that my skirt flew out, and sitting on  a chair with my knees tucked up under my chin.

"After a while, Daddy asked me to go and get into my leotards so they could take pictures of a different subject. I was gone about five minutes, but when I came back they were all watching the movie with the Asian girl and her father and uncles.  I entered the room and Daddy turned the video off.  The guys all took more pictures of me posing in the leotards, doing high kicks, splits and stuff and then Daddy said,

"Kelly dear, why don't you take your leotards off for us, like you do for me.  We need to learn about photographing the nude, don't we guys?"

The guys all agreed, so I took off my leotard as the cameras clicked furiously.  I posed for another hour or so naked while they looked at me and took pictures from all angles. I was enjoying being the centre of attention for all these men, and I must confess I was getting hot and horny even as an eight year old who didn't know what horny was.  All I knew was that occasionally one of the men would put me into the pose he wanted and he'd touch me and the feeling would be electric.  Or he'd brush against me and I'd feel him shudder.  I thought they were all nervous at the time.  I know better these days, don't I Terry?"

Terry nodded, his tongue still slithering up and down her sopping split.
+"Well Daddy sent me to bed before very long, and they went on with watching the movie.  I peeped at them from behind the door into the kitchen where they couldn't see me and I watched them all pulling their cocks as they watched the video.

"They camera club came over about once a month, and I soon realised that when Mummy was going to be away on business (she's a computer consultant and does training for companies) the Camera Club would have a meeting.  I soon came to look forward to Mummy being away.  I loved those camera Club Meetings.

One night, after about six of the meetings, Daddy said, 

"Kelly darling, we're always seeing you posing for us, would you like to see us pose for you?  How about that for a change?"

It sounded like fun, so I agreed and I held the video camera while the men all posed this way and that, usually pushing out their hips towards the camera.  Next one of the guys said it wasn't fair that I'd had the chance to pose naked for them but they hadn't done the same for me.  Daddy asked me what I thought, and I thought I had to agree. It didn't seem fair, so they all immediately started pulling off their clothes as I videoed the performance.  

"Once they were all naked, I had six hard cocks in my sights, and I really enjoyed directing my video of them.  I had them spread all over the floor with legs spread so I could see their balls and arseholes; standing alongside each other so I could get all six cocks in the same shot together, all that sort of thing.
"Bill, one of the more dishy guys in the club, noticed that I was seeming to spend more time concentrating on their cocks than your average nine year old should have, asked me,

"Kelly, you seem to like the look of our cocks, is that true?"

"Yes, I think they're nice and big, and they make you all look very manly," I replied with all the honesty of the nine year old innocent that I was.

"Why don't you touch them all, and see whether they feel nice as well?" Daddy said.

"Well, one thing led to another and before too long, I was holding two cocks in each hand as they held me up in their arms and fingered my cunt.  Daddy had the video camera and another guy took still photos as they all took turns at me.  I held the two cocks in each hand and masturbated them while they stretched me wide open for the camera.  Then one of the guys took his cock out of my hand so he could suck on my cunt and arsehole.  I thought the nude posing was fun, but it was nothing to the fun I was having now!

"They all called me their dirty little whore, and I loved being dirty for them.  Over the next few months I learnt to suck them off and swallow their spunk, to use all the sexy talk they liked to hear, and to be a lovely sex object for them.

"We played lots of sexy games, like 'musical cocks', where I would have to suck on a cock until the music stopped then I would have to move on to the next one.  The one I liked most was 'Pass the Parcel'.  In this game, two guys each held me upside down by the legs, spreading them wide, and I'd play with their cocks.  The other guys would each push their cock in my mouth and fuck my face while they licked my cunt.  When the music stopped they had to pull out and give another guy a turn.  The last one to cum in my mouth was the winner.

By the time I was twelve, I think there must have been forty guys in the camera club. They didn't all come over at once, in fact there were rarely more than a dozen men at any one party.  I  used to like meeting them at the front door, dressed as Daddy liked me in a short miniskirt, loose fitting blouse and no underwear.  The guys would come in the door, give me a lovely wet french kiss and have a nice feel of my cunt and arse.

Two months ago, when Daddy told me that Tracey was coming over for the camera club meeting, (she's a girl at my school) I was disappointed, because it meant I wasn't going to be able to have any dirty fun with the guys.  But then Daddy told me that her father was also in the club and Tracey had been a model of theirs for a year or so.  We could have fun together!  

"You can pose together for us," Daddy said, "and see if you can think up some new games. Also, Tracey likes to fuck, so if you like you could learn how to do that tonight."

I was astounded!  It surprises me now, but I honestly had never thought of fucking these men.  I was having too much fun sucking and masturbating with them.  

Anyway, Tracey arrived with her Daddy, dressed in only a mini dress.  There would have been about fifteen guys there that night, the biggest meeting we'd ever had at our place. Tracey's Daddy showed the guys his daughter's body as he stripped her dress off, playing with her tiny tits, pulling her arsecheeks apart so they could see up her bum, and pushing his fingers up her cunt. Tracey was even dirtier than I was because she was enjoying it, even calling out to the guys dirty things like, who's going to let me suck them off first?  

Within minutes, everyone was totally naked, and Tracey put on a lovely dirty show for the guys as they took photos of her.  She pulled her cunt open for them and stuck her fingers inside and shoved a candle up. That got them really excited.  

I was almost out of control myself when my Daddy called me over.  Four of the guys held Tracey up at waist height with her arms and legs wide apart.   Daddy said,

"Now Kelly, I want you to help Tracey.  I want you to hold her cuntlips apart while her Daddy gets his cock up her.  Do you think you could do that?"

I was so terribly turned on by the idea of watching a real live fuck, that I'd have done anything.  And to be able to watch it so close up was a genuine bonus for me.  So there I was, Tracey playing with my Daddy's cock as he fingered my arsehole and pussy telling me how to hold her cunt open so she could be fucked by her Daddy.

I thought she must surely be hurt by such a huge cock going into her little hole, but she was so eager to be fucked that I just watched in amazement. She plainly enjoyed it more than everything else she had done that night, and I studied how her little cunthole sucked on the prick as it thrust in and out of her.  Tracey's Dad suggested I push my finger up her cunt alongside his cock as he fucked, so I could feel how it gripped him.  This was the most exciting thing I think I'd ever done, and I experienced an orgasm at the thought.Eventually, I saw him tense, and push even harder into her cunt, and I knew he was going to cum. Tracey cried out in what I though at first was pain, but quickly came to realise was her own orgasm approaching.  As soon as Tracey's Dad had finished cumming, he pulled it out, all shiny and wet, and another of the guys was straight away pushing his cock into her.  One after another, the guys fucked Tracey while she was held spreadeagled about four feet above the ground, cumming all the while in a very noisy fashion.

After I watched a couple of guys fuck her, Daddy suggested I go and suck the cocks clean of the guys who'd finished spunking up Tracey. He said that was normally Tracey's job, but since there were so many members there that night, I'd be helping her out if I did it.

The cocks tasted much nicer than any I'd sucked before.  I supposed that it must be the taste of Tracey's cunt that was making the difference.

Daddy asked me if I thought I'd like to have a go at fucking.  He said it might hurt at first, but afterwards it would feel wonderful, and it would only hurt the first time.  I was feeling so dirty that I leapt at the chance to play such a great game.

Daddy told me that since I wasn't on the pill, I couldn't fuck just anybody like Tracey could.  He said he'd organise the pill for me the next day, so I'd be able to play all the games just like Tracey in about a month.  He told me I could only fuck  Rick and Ian, because they had had vasectomies, so which would I like to be the first?

I rather liked the look of Ian, and his cock was slightly smaller than Rick's, so I chose him.  Daddy had all the other guys lick and suck my cunt so it was nice and wet, then I lay on the floor and Rick stood over me while Tracey pulled his cock, squirting his cum onto my little mound.  This Ian rubbed in and around my cunt as a lubricant.  Finally, I was ready.

I spread my legs as wide as I could so my hot little cunt was gaping at Ian.  Two guys knelt each side of my so I could hold their cocks in my hands, Daddy pulled my cuntlips apart, and Tracey's Daddy held the video camera.

The great moment arrived as Tracey pointed Ian's rock hard prick at my virginal hole and said,

"Go on, root the fucking slut Ian, make her into a proper woman, fill her up with cock and sperm."

All the guys cheered and shouted obscene things as Ian's prick pierced my hymen and surged up my cunt. Strangely, it didn't actually hurt that much.  After a little while of Ian just lying still on top of me, Tracey playing with my arsehole, a guy sucking on each of my little nipples and my Daddy giving me a deep french kiss, I started to move my hips up and down.  This was the signal for Ian to start to fuck me in earnest.

And I was in heaven!  I loved fucking as much as Tracey obviously did, and I knew that this was what I wanted to do as often as I could, and for as long as I could.  Fucking was just great!!

I came twice before I felt Ian shoot his load up me.  Once his cock had stopped twitching and I felt the lovely sticky feeling all around my groin as his spunk oozed out of my fuckhole, Ian looked at me and said,

"Did you enjoy that, Kelly?"
"Christ, fucking oath I did, you stupid bastard," I replied.  "Is anyone else going to have a go up me now?"

Daddy reminded me that I could only fuck with Rick now, so I called to him to come and stick his cock up my cunt and dump his spunk up me with Ian's.

Rick knelt between my outstretched legs and pushed his cock into my throbbing cunthole.  At the same time I saw Daddy pushing Tracey towards me.  He had her kneel over my face so she could feel my cunt as Rick fucked me, and I watched as only six inches above my face, my father fingered Tracey's sopping wet spermy cunt. Some of the fresh sperm dribbled out of her split and onto my face, so I opened my mouth to catch it.

This saw certainly a night of surprises, as I heard Tracey say, 

"Why don't we let the slut suck all the cum out of my cunt while you fuck my arse?" and my father's voice say what a good idea that was.

Rick's cock was thrusting into my cunt and I could feel cocks being rubbed all over my body, but I could only see Tracey's cunt and my father's fingers in her hole.  I heard a male voice grunt, and felt a spurt of sperm hit my tummy, to be massaged into my skin.

In the background was the ever present sound of the cameras clicking.

Tracey spread her knees wider and wider, gradually bringing her pussy down to my mouth, and someone lifted my head up and put a pillow under it. As Tracey's cunt touched my face, Daddy pulled his fingers out of her cunthole and shoved them straight up her arse.

"OOh that feels incredible, quick, get your cock into me, I want a good fucking," I heard Tracey saying.  "Daddy, you come and let me suck you off and Eddie, you fuck Daddy's arsehole."

As I drank down the copious flow of fresh hot sperm from this whore's cunt, I watched Daddy's cock gradually work its way into her anus just two  inches from my eyes.  I was as amazed by Tracey's reaction to this as I had been earlier on.  Instead of this arsefucking being the painful experience I thought it would be, she clearly enjoyed it, calling out more and more obscene things to the members of the Camera Club. We were plainly a tight knot of fucking fornicating lecherous humanity as Tracey called for a couple of guys to be masturbated as she sucked her father, helped Eddie fuck his arse, fed her teenage cunt to me and let my father fuck her arsehole.

And all the while some guys took pictures of the pornographic scene, and others masturbated and poured spunk onto the flailing, writhing mass of flesh on the floor below them.

"It was after that meeting," Kelly continued, "that Daddy told me that he and mummy had to go away overseas on business, but that I shouldn't worry, because Uncle John and Auntie Alison were coming to stay and help with my education.  They told me that they were as dirty as he was, and in fact I'd have a lot of new experiences while they were here.  Daddy told me I should do whatever they told me, and I'd love every minute of it.

"And here you are, Terry, and I haven't been disappointed.  What do you think?"

Terry was somewhat lost for words after such an outlandish story. Even if it was all true, it was almost too much for him to believe.  But FUCK it had turned him on to hear it.  He gave Kelly a long, wet french kiss, and told her that  he'd like to fuck her arse.

"I think that would be fun. I've only done that a few times, and I think I need the practice.  Why don't you fuck me while we watch some of the videos of our meetings?  I could lie down on the floor on my stomach, I'll get mummy's big vibrator to fill my cunt up with, and you could lie on top of me with your cock up my arsehole.  That way you can fuck me again and again all through the videos without having to pull your cock out. If it goes soft after you spunk up me, we'll just lie still and it'll get hard again soon as you watch our film. What do you think?"

"Sounds like just the thing to me.  You get the vibrator, I'll put the video on."

She showed him where the tapes were hidden behind a bookshelf and Terry was staggered to see there must have been a hundred tapes there!  He selected one at random and put it into the vcr. It started with some shots of Kelly disporting herself in her school uniform showing off her panties and generally being a precociously sexy little flirt. Then the arrival of some of the other members of the club. As the young Kelly met each man, she reached up and gave him a very passionate wet tongue kiss and fondled his cock through his pants.  At the same time, he reached up her dress and worked his fingers into her panties, slithering his fingers around in her slit for a moment or so.


Terry was watching two guys arrive together and both try to get their fingers up Kelly's young slit when the girl herself arrived back with the big vibrator.  

She got down on her hands and knees and asked Terry to fuck the vibrator into her cunt and turn it on.  When it was humming away happily and Kelly's groin was clenching and moving with the stimulation, she lay down flat on her stomach so she could watch the movie.  She reached behind her and pulled her arsecheeks apart so that her anus was pulled open.  Terry pushed a finger up and noticed that she had greased it up nicely while she was upstairs.

They lay there on the floor, Terry's cock up her arse to the hilt, while they watched the most amazing scenes enacted on the screen.  Terry just lay still, and the feel of the vibrator buzzing away in Kelly's cunt, and the sheer filthiness of the scenes were enough to make him fill her with his semen.  Each time his cock shot forth it's fuckslime, they would lie perfectly still and in no time the obscenities on the videotape would make his tired prick wake up and start anew.

On the television screen in front of him, Terry watched the education of this young girl into a filthy whore, willing and eager to do anything to give the men pleasure.  He watched her perform sexual acrobatics in front of the men she hardly knew the names of, on her own, with a girl, Tracey he assumed, and with various combinations of men one at a time and more.  This thirteen year old had seen and done more in her few years of sexual activity than most forty year old mexican brothel whores.

Terry wondered how you got to join this Camera Club.  He decided to ask Alison and John when they returned.

After an hour or so of the videos and the arsefucking, they fell asleep right there on the floor, Terry's cock still up Kelly's bum and the vibrator gradually running out of batteries.



---------------



Terry awoke the next morning with a hard-on and his cock still up the little minx's arsehole.  They had slept there all night!  The TV was still turned on, although the video had shut itself down long ago.  As Terry stirred, Kelly stirred too, and immediately purred like a kitten and started to make fucking motions.

"Mmmm, that feels nice, Terry. Fuck me right now, before we get up."

"Sorry, darling, I'd like to, but that's not the usual kind of erection, that's called a piss hard on.  I need to get up and take a leak, then I can fuck you again if you like."

"Oh no, don't take your cock out of me, it feels so nice up there. Why don't you piss up my arse? Daddy told me Tracey sometimes takes piss from the guys in the club, and I've wondered what it felt like."

"Are you sure about this?" Terry asked, incredulous.

"Yes, go on, let go."

Terry was too far gone to argue, and the pressure of her buttocks on his full bladder as she pushed her arse up at him was more than he could stand.

He pissed in her.  He felt a tremendous feeling of relief at letting go his big load of piss, and sexual excitement at pissing up his young whore's arse.  It flowed into her guts under pressure, filling her completely.  The little bitch was so turned on by it all, she orgasmed as Terry pissed.

When he had finished, Kelly said,

"I'm sorry Terry, but I have to get up and go to the loo now. When I come back I'll suck you off and then we can have breakfast, OK?"

She stood up and the piss started to dribble out of her bum onto the floor.  She didn't seem too concerned about it, and just strolled to the bathroom to get rid of all Terry's piss.

When Kelly came back, Terry asked her,

"Don't you think we'd better clean that piss up off the floor?"

"No, don't worry about that, Angelica's coming over this afternoon, she'll clean it up."

"Who's Angelica?"

"Oh you'll like her, she's our maid.  She comes over on Saturday afternoons and evenings to do odd jobs for us. She's nice."

"Yes, but do you think you really ought to let her see that mess?"

"I said don't worry about it. You'll see its alright.  Now give me your filthy prick to clean."  She sucked his cock into her mouth and cleaned all the piss and shit off it.

Then she licked all round his balls and between his legs to his arse, pushing her tongue up her anus.  She tongue fucked his arsehole as she pulled on his cock, then moved back to his cock.  Kelly sucked it into her mouth, as she'd done several times before and her tongue flicked around the head and down the shaft.  Her lips travelled down the fuckshaft, her throat opened and she swallowed it.

Terry shoved his fingers up her young cunt as she sucked him, and when he came, she swallowed his spunk eagerly.




---------------



They went to the bathroom to shower and clean up before starting the day's sex.  Kelly had Terry stand with his mouth open while she cleaned his teeth and shaved his face. She did this so he could finger her cunt and pull on his cock. Before they put away the shaving gear, Terry shaved what little hair was on Kelly's pussy and arse.  When he had finished, she looked even younger than her thirteen years.  Terry couldn't help himself, he lifted the little schoolgirl up onto the handbasin and applied his mouth to her crotch.  His tongue probed her cunthole and her legs waved around in the air over his head.

"Stop it, Terry," the hot young slut protested, "we have to have a shower and get downstairs for breakfast. Hurry up, you'll like what's in store for you down there.  Get your tongue out of my cunt before I cum again."

Terry reluctantly pulled his tongue out of the dirty little bitch's fuckhole and licked up her sexy little body to her mouth, and kissed her lasciviously, probing her cunt once more with his fingers.  Her own fingers sought out his cock and gripped it gently but firmly as she returned his kiss equally passionately.

She pushed him gently away and led him into the shower.  Kelly lovingly soaped his whole body, paying special attention to his cock, balls and bum.  She soaped his back and chest by soaping her tits and rubbing them over him. She crouched down and did the same with his bum, all the while lathering his cock up with both hands.

As the warm water cascaded over them, she turned him round to face her and popped his rock hard cock into her mouth and held it there.  Her hands shoved the soap into his arsecrack and lathered his bum up nicely.  Then her fingers pushed their insistent way into his anus, washing every part of his sensitive hole.

Before Terry could get to the point of shooting his sperm yet again, the fucking minx let him go, pulled her finger out of his arsehole and stood up again.

"Sorry, Terry darling," she said as his cock throbbed at her, "I have to have a piss.  I'll be back in a moment."

"Don't go away," Terry called out as she darted out of the shower. "Stop, come back.  I've got a better idea."

Terry got out of the water, and followed his slut across the bathroom.  He led her back to the centre of the room and knelt down.  He placed her feet either side of his knees so that her young mound was just about touching his chest.  He reached behind her and pushed two fingers up her arsehole and then bade her to piss on him.

Her hot yellow fluid poured out of her thirteen year old cunt and directly onto his rigid prick.  He put his other hand into the stream and played with her cuntlips, directing the piss all over his body, splashing them both with the pungent yellow liquid. Kelly pissed on Terry's cock, his hand, his chest and finally tipped her hips back so that the stream of warm piss shot straight into his open mouth.

Terry leaned forward and closed his mouth over her young cunt and drank her piss like he was about to die of thirst.  It glugged down his throat and filled his mouth. Not wishing to waste the total depravity of this moment by simply swallowing the young girl's piss, Terry stuck his tongue into Kelly's pisshole. This made the stream splatter all over his face and hair and run down his neck over his chest and back until the stream of piss died down to a trickle.

Terry was close to cumming again as Kelly knelt down in front of him, pressed her tits against his chest and licked her piss off his face, hair and neck.  Terry's cock, standing straight up from his crotch, touched her cuntlips when he pushed his finger up her arse again and she pushed her mound forward.  She immediately jumped up and said,

"Oh no you don't, you're not going to fuck me yet, I've got other ideas for you.  Come back into the shower Terry, I want you to wash me all over."

They ran back into the hot cascade and Terry took gross liberties with her tiny body, soaping between her cuntlips and in her arsecrack, using his cock to apply soap to her body and legs, and licking her in places a normal thirteen year old wouldn't even have discovered yet.

When the shower was finally over, Terry had a case of blue balls like he hadn't felt since he was a horny teenager of fourteen trying to get Christine Rawnsley to let him finger her cunt outside the hall at the high school dance.  But Kelly was determined he wasn't going to fuck her yet.  

They dried each other off, taking special care to dry the genital area thoroughly. Although Kelly took special care to make sure she didn't bring Terry off, much to his annoyance.  He badly wanted to cum, and he was nearly getting to the point where he was going to grab the teasing little cunt and hold her down while he rooted her.

She sensed this however, and darted off downstairs as soon as they were both dry.

"Come down and get your breakfast you dirty piss drinking cunt licker," she called over her shoulder as she ran down the stairs.

Terry ran after her, his cock slapping against his stomach as he ran.  He arrived in the kitchen out of breath to see his dirty slut at the kitchen sink.

"Hi, Terry, sit down at the table, I'll have your breakfast ready in just a minute," she commanded.  Terry pulled up a chair and sat at the table and watched her.

She was cooking fried eggs and bacon, Terry's favourite breakfast, but he'd never seen it cooked by a naked thirteen year old schoolgirl before.  By sheer force of will-power he kept his hands off his bursting cock, because he just knew that the fucking little cunt had something in mind for him.

As he watched her moving about the kitchen without talking, he marvelled at the way her body was so perfectly proportioned.  Her shoulders were starting to widen, and her hips were swelling nicely.  She was going to be a nice curvy woman one day, he thought.  Her arsecheeks clenched and beckoned as she walked about, and her marvellous little tits jiggled invitingly.  

Her thick mane of blonde hair fell over her shoulders, down her back and over her tits, highlighting their attractiveness to him rather than hiding them.  Terry looked forward to wrapping those lovely tresses around his prick and shooting spunk into them.

Finally breakfast was ready, and Kelly brought it over to the table.

"I told you I had a different breakfast for you today, and I was right.  I'll bet you've never had a breakfast like this.  I make it for Daddy, and my uncle and cousins often.  It's called two eggs and cunt."

She swung her arse up onto the table and spread her legs either side of him so that he was staring into her open crack once more. She picked up a piece of bacon off his plate and slipped it between her cuntlips.  Then she took one of the eggs and carefully placed it on her mound.  Then she picked up the other egg and broke it so the yolk dribbled all over her mound, the bacon and the other egg.  Finally, she mashed the egg up into her cunt.

"There you are Terry you fucking cunt-sucker.  Breakfast is served." Kelly lay back, arms spread and invited him to eat.

Terry knew he hadn't seen a more inviting meal in his life and he feasted on her like a starving man. The slut orgasmed twice while he licked and slurped about her genitals.  The egg ran into her arsecrack, so he had to lift her legs up high in the air so he could lick underneath her and into her arsehole.  Not satisfied with eating the bacon from her cuntlips, he shoved it right up her vagina and ate it from there, all covered in cuntjuice and egg.

When he had finished, Terry asked her,  "What are you going to have for breakfast, slut?  We haven't got another filthy cunt like yours for you to eat from."

Kelly smiled in answer, and reached for a piece of bread. She wiped the remains of egg from her cunt and arse with it and ate it with obvious delight.

"I don't eat eggs, they're too high in cholesterol for me Terry.  I eat fruit for breakfast instead.  You can have some too if you like."  She grabbed a piece of mango and shoved it up her cunt before pulling it out and popping it into her sexy mouth.

They polished off a whole plate of fruit before they'd finished breakfast.  Terry ate his share of mangoes, grapes melon etc, and was firmly convinced that cuntjuice enhanced the taste of all foods.  For a finale, Kelly made Terry bend over the table face down.   She pushed a banana up his anus which she then proceeded to eat out in long, slow licking movements that sent him crazy with lust.  All the while she wouldn't let him touch his cock, and she didn't touch it either.  Terry thought he was going to spurt his cum without touching it any minute.

Terry's balls were aching so much he couldn't stand it any more, and he grabbed the fucking teasing little whore and pushed her backwards onto the table.  She fell onto her back, her legs splayed apart, her young cunt gaping at him.  Food was smeared all around her genital area but Terry didn't give a fuck about that.  He balanced his balls on the edge of the table, his cock pointing directly at the schoolgirl cunt in front of him, got a good grip on her thighs and pulled her towards him. Her cunt slipped straight onto his cock without any helping, and Terry rooted his little slut. 

He thrust deeply into her cunt, completely disregarding her, just fucking her like a dog in heat.  He fucked her with all his strength for a full minute before his overloaded balls burst and his spunk flooded her vagina causing her to orgasm with a scream yet again.  His cockhead swelled and the white hot semen spurted out of the piss-slit into her innards, smearing the slimy man-juice all over the walls of her spasming cunt.

"That was wonderful!!" she panted when he stopped fucking her, his prick soaking in her still-throbbing cunt.  "I do love being fucked in such an animal way.  Will you fuck me like that again, Terry?"

"You filthy slut.  You made me fucking hold off screwing you all that time, just so I'd fucking nearly rape you, is that it?"

"Well it was fun, wasn't it. And you did get to fuck me in the end, and when you did cum, you really gave it to me, didn't you?"

"You fucking teasing little piss drinking cock-sucking whore! I'll teach you to play around with me.  Suck my cock now until it's hard!"

Terry pulled his cock out of her cunt, all slippery and shiny with their juices, walked around the table and stuffed it into her mouth.  She instinctively started to suck on it like a calf sucks on its mother's teat.  While Kelly sucked his prick, Terry reached across the table and grabbed her feet.

He tucked her feet under his arms so she was lying on her shoulders bent double, her cunt and arse pointing to the ceiling.  He grabbed the tomato sauce bottle and pushed it up her arsehole until the whole neck was in her arse. With one hand he arse-fucked her with the sauce bottle and with the other he dealt with her gaping freshly-fucked pussy.

The more Terry abused her genitals, the more Kelly rewarded him by sucking and licking his cock as he fucked her mouth. She was plainly revelling in the hard fast treatment she was getting now.

Terry fucked the bottle hard into Kelly's bum, and pushed three fingers into her swollen cunt.  She moaned with excitement and sucked harder on his gradually stiffening cock.  She enjoyed having all her holes filled and wished she was being fucked by three men instead of just one.

Terry scooped a dollop of cum out of her cunt and held it up to his nose to sniff.  He delighted in the musky smell of the schoolgirl's sex mixed with his own spunk.  He let the slimy sperm dribble through his fingers and drop onto her hard nipples, then wiped them clean on her hair.

Satisfied with the depravity of that action, he dipped his fingers into her honeypot again and scooped out another gob of spunk.  This he wiped onto her face, smearing it from her chin to her forehead. Again and again he dipped his fingers into her and smeared his semen onto her body.

By the time he was ready to shoot again, she was smeared with cum from the top of her head to her crotch and she'd cum herself three times.  As Terry felt his cockhead swell and his balls contract, he pulled his prick out of her throat with a pop, and pointed it at her face as his sperm rushed along his fuckshaft and spurted out of his piss-slit.

Kelly orgasmed once more as Terry shot his cum into her hair, over her face and ribbons of it streaked across her little tits.  At the same time she clamped down on the sauce bottle in her arsehole and his fingers in her pink, hairless cunthole.

When Terry's cock had finished spouting its seed, he wiped it in her hair and put it back in her eager mouth as it softened in the afterglow.

"You look like an obscene slut - a sperm covered depraved cheap whore," he spat at her.

Kelly grinned at him, lifted his limp prick out of her mouth with a sperm covered hand and said, "great isn't it?  I'm good aren't I?  Daddy and Uncle John say I am."

"Put that back in your mouth, cunt!" Terry ordered, "I'm going to give you another drink."

Kelly quickly sucked his dick into her mouth once more and Terry started to piss in her. This time she drank his piss completely, not spilling so much as a drop while Terry fucked her arse and cunt with the bottle and his fingers.

When he had finished emptying his bladder into her throat, Terry looked at his cocksucking young schoolgirl. To his perverted eye, she looked even prettier now, all covered in drying sperm than she had when he first saw her in her school uniform with her legs spread on the chair as he fucked Alison.  It seemed so long ago, but it was only 15 hours or so.  He'd had his cock and fingers into every crevice of the young slut since they were left alone together, and he made a mental note to thank Alison and John somehow for giving him such a wonderful present as this filthy teenage whore.

In fact, she looked such a treat to Terry, he made her stay exactly where she was, with her feet beside her head and the tomato sauce bottle up her arsehole while he ran to get his camera to capture the moment.  He wanted to be able to wank over the memory for years to come.  He photographed a close-up of her bumhole, clamped tight around the upper neck of the bottle.  Then her face all covered in spunk, and her hair matted with his cock-juice. Lastly, he took some pictures of her from the other side of the room, capturing for all time the obscene way her cunt and arse were on display for him, spread over the kitchen table surrounded with the remains of their breakfast.  He could not have imagined a scene so utterly filthy and depraved, yet this thirteen year old schoolgirl had not only imagined it, but acted it out with him.  What could possibly follow this?


---------------



Terry sent Kelly to have another shower while he relaxed with a cup of coffee and the newspaper.  He needed to gather some strength for the rest of the day and tomorrow.  For Christs sake it was only Saturday morning and he was already worried about whether he could keep up with the fucking slut!!

Half an hour later, Kelly returned, looking beautifully pink and clean, her hair all clean and brushed, her eyes bright and alert, a spring in her step, just like you'd expect from a thirteen year old.  To look at her, you'd never guess what she'd been up to in the last few hours.  She was dressed in a clean white lycra leotard which hugged the curves in her lithe teenaged body as though it had been painted on, white socks and tennis shoes.

"Hi, Uncle Terry," she said in her bouncy happy tone of voice, "I'm going to do my gymnastics practice now.  Do you want to come and watch?"

"Sure," Terry said, somewhat relieved that this activity involved watching rather than doing. "I'll follow you."

It wasn't any trouble for Terry to follow the tight little arse he'd only recently finished abusing and photographing.  It wiggled at him from within the flimsy clinging lycra garment, inviting him to interfere with it.  But he confined himself to just following it and watching it, imagining ever more depraved ways to play with it.

Kelly took Terry downstairs to the basement, where they entered a fully equipped gymnasium.  Terry could hardly believe his eyes - here were all the trappings of an Olympic gymnastic training camp - rings, parallel bars, vaulting horse, trampoline, tumbling mats, etc - everything Kelly would need to become proficient enough to represent her state in the sport. With this sort of practice gear at home, no wonder she was good at it.

"Isn't this great?" she asked as she did a quick handstand on the mat. "Daddy and I come down here often.  He helps me practice."  She opened her legs into a 'Y' in obvious invitation.  Terry took her up on it, and gave her cunt a lingering kiss through the fabric of her leotard.  She giggled and fell down onto the mat in front of him.

"Don't you get any naughty ideas, Terry, I have to practice. Now you just sit down over there and watch while I do my exercises."

Terry sat down on the chair she pointed to, and watched, fascinated as she did her warming up exercises.  She twisted her supple young body this way and that in ways Terry didn't think were possible, but which soon started his heart to beat faster and the flesh in his prick to harden as he thought of the possibilities.

His cock really sprang to attention when he realised that the little slut was deliberately flashing her lycra covered crotch at him to get him all hot and bothered.  That's why he was still naked but she was dressed in that clinging body suit.  She knew he'd be more turned on by the sight of her clothed body than her nakedness - by having to watch and not touch.

She stood up after doing the splits for him.  She'd had her toes pointed gracefully, her legs straight out either side and her crotch firmly planted on the mat.  "I wish my face was that mat," though Terry as he watched.  Kelly noticed his stiff cock in his hand and walked over to him.

"You've been thinking naughty things, haven't you, Terry?" She reached for her hairbrush and brushed her long blonde hair.  "I bet you've been thinking you'd like to see me do my routines naked haven't you?"

"I confess," Terry admitted, "you do look very fetching in that leotard.  When you do the splits like that I want to grab you and fuck you right there on the mat."

"Well, if you're good, I'll let you fuck me anyhow you like, but first I have to get all my practice done.  But I like to watch a sexy show myself, so you pull on your cock for me and make sure I can see your balls.  Keep it nice and hard so I can imagine what it will be like when I do the splits on it."  She bent forward and planted a wet kiss on the head of Terry's cock, and stuck her finger into his arsehole.  As her mouth slowly slid down its length, her hairbrush slowly wormed its way up his bumhole, until her lips were touching his pubic hair and the bristles of the brush were pricking his arsecheeks.

Kelly stood up again and admired her handiwork. 

"That looks nice and sexy. Daddy likes me to fuck his arsehole too.  Sometimes he gets me to fuck him with the broom handle while I suck him off.  Sometimes Neil, that's Tracey's Dad comes down here with my Daddy to watch me. Once I did my practice while my Dad stuffed his cock up Neil's arsehole, pushed my hairbrush up his own bum at the same time and played with Neil's cock.   It was so sexy to watch them fucking and feeling each other, I let them both fuck me afterwards. Anyway, you be a good Uncle Terry and feel your cock and fuck your bum with my brush while I do my practice."

Kelly busied herself with handstands, tumbling routines, vaults, etc, all the while sneaking a look at Terry's sexy show.  Terry could see a spot of wetness in the gusset of her leotard as she flashed her crotch in his direction, and he knew he was turning her on.After half an hour of watching the young body twisting and turning in ever more erotic ways in front of him, Terry was almost beside himself with lust.  He'd fantasized about the most depraved things watching the supple young teenager.  

Suddenly, Kelly stripped off her leotard, threw it into the corner of the gym and stood there facing him, totally nude.

"No, you can't touch me yet," she warned him, correctly guessing his intentions, "I'm going to do my beam exercises now.  Neil and Daddy both think I do them better naked.  I can feel the beam with my cuntlips when I do the splits and it makes sure I get right down."

Terry looked right at her juicy little hairless pussy nestled in between her legs.  It was so fleshy and pink and inviting, he wanted to shove some part of his body into it right away.  But he knew it would be worth the wait - the dirty little slut was playing with him, getting him more and more horny with each new development, until he couldn't take any more and he would fuck her, just like this morning at breakfast.  Well he'd wait until he couldn't bear it any more.  If she wanted to tease, then so could he.  Let's see who gave in first ... 

Terry watched, masturbating for her, as she mounted the beam, and tumbled and danced along it.  Her tiny cunt winked at him as she did a handstand legs wide apart.   He had to let go of his cock for fear of cumming when she came out of a handstand and landed with her cunt on the beam and her pretty legs either side.  She rubbed her wet pussy on the beam leaving a wet snail-trail of cuntjuice before bouncing up into a handstand again. 

Then came the splits as promised. She held the handstand, turned 90 degrees so she was looking straight at Terry and was facing across the beam rather than along it. Kelly stared right at his rock hard prick as she slowly opened her legs until they were pointing straight out from her body.  Her cunt was split wide open.  Under amazing control, she brought her legs down very slowly, making sure Terry was looking right up her cunt, until her toes touched the beam either side of her.  She was now facing away from Terry, but he was staring into her stretched arsehole.

"Can you see, Terry, is my cunt touching the beam now? I have to get right down until my vagina is touching it. Come and look."

Terry, shaking, moved over to the beam and looked up at her hole.  It was stretched wide open, juice was oozing out of it, and Terry wanted to kiss it.

"Don't you touch me or I'll fall off," she warned playfully. Terry decided to tease her some more.

"Yes, your cunt's touching the beam nicely," he advised her as he moved back to his chair and started fucking his arsehole again.  "You do a good splits.  Carry on slut."

Kelly pouted and finished her routine, pissed off that he had resisted her game this long. She decided that the time had come for the major weapon in her armoury.  Just for good measure, she walked around for a little while, drying herself with a towel, moving things around a bit, just so Terry could see her cunt and arsehole.  She made sure he was looking at her too and she stared right at his cock and arse as he masturbated for her.

Kelly knew Terry wouldn't be able to resist her uneven bars routine - it had lots of swings between the bars with legs wide apart, and she knew her little twat would beckon him over.  Just for good measure, she pushed the candle she kept specially for the purpose up her cunt.  It was shaped with a deep waist so it wouldn't fall out as she swung around on the bars.  Kelly made certain Terry was watching as she stuffed her box full of the candle.

Then she began her routine. It started with a big swing up to the top bar, with a handstand, legs together, toes nicely pointed, hold it there for three seconds.  Then swing down, legs apart very wide, cunt split open, candle held in tight, swing over to the lower bar, stop dead because Terry's standing there to catch her and fix his lips to her box.

Terry pulled the candle out of her vagina and threw it on the floor.  Then he thrust his tongue as far up her hole as he could get it.  She tasted divine!  Terry held her legs in his arms, his face fixed to her cunt.  She had no option but to hang there and let him lap at her bald fleshy sex.  Terry was once more in heaven.  His cock was throbbing, waiting for another turn up the hot little box and the hairbrush was still stuck in his arsehole.

After Terry had given her one orgasm on is tongue hanging there on the bars, he lowered her slightly, so that her pussy was in line with his cock. Kelly held her legs open as he drove his cock into her cunt aggressively.

They fucked madly, breathing heavily and shouting obscenities at each other:

"You're a cock-sucking piss drinking whore!"
"You'd fuck a sheep's arsehole, you filthy cuntsucking pervert!"

"Spunk ridden slut!  Take this load of slimy sperm up your dirty little cunt!"

"YES!! YES!!  Fill my hot cunt with your nasty fucking spunk you pissy arselicker!!"

And  with that Terry shot yet another load of sperm up her pulsating sucking vagina.  Kelly came at the same time, and in the process, lost her grip on the bar she'd been hanging from for the last ten minutes.

She fell to the tumbling mat and Terry's cock slipped out of her twat, still gushing spunk.  He quickly gripped it in his fingers and directed the ribbons of sticky goo at his concubine's cunt.  Kelly lay on the floor panting and giggling as Terry's cock pumped his jizm onto her hairless mount of venus.  It coated her lower belly in the most attractive way, and she started to play with it with her fingers, smearing it all around her crotch - into her cunt and down to her arsehole, finally licking her fingers as though she'd been given some chicken to lick.

"Come on," she said suddenly, leaping to her feet,  "lets go and cool off in the pool."  She noticed a drop of spunk hanging from the end of Terry's cock and she bent down and licked it off as she pulled the hairbrush out of his arse.

She held his cock gently and led him up the stairs as though he was on a leash.  They went through the kitchen and out to the pool.

By the time they reached the waters edge, Terry's prick was starting to droop, so Kelly had him sit on the edge of the pool while she floated in the water with his cock in her mouth.  She sucked on it for a good fifteen minutes until it had rested and started to rise again.+"Oh good," she said, "it's starting to wake up.  You're very fit and potent, Terry.  It usually takes much more than this to keep Daddy going all day.  Let's play one of my favourite pool games."

She got Terry to stand at the edge of the pool holding his now very stiff cock in his hand. She climbed up his body, her arms around his neck, legs around his waist and he guided his cock into her cunt once more.

"Now take me for a walk right around the pool, horsy," she commanded.  As Terry walked, she bounced up and down on his cock, fucking herself on his staff wonderfully.  Her light weight made it easy for him to carry her, but his cock pounded her pussy as her whole weight fell on it.

"Now dive in and swim to the other side, but don't let your cock slip out of me."

Terry was no longer amazed at the dirty tricks this tiny slut could think up but it felt truly heavenly as the water slid along his back and her cuntwalls slid along his cockshaft.

They fucked and sucked for an hour or more in the water, Terry sucking Kelly's cunt, her tits and mouth, using her any way he thought he could get pleasure.  Every time he shot his load into her, she'd lick and suck him until he was hard as a rock once more.

Terry lifted Kelly out of the pool and put her in her hands and knees beside the pool, her pretty arsehole pointed to the sky, her hands pulling her arse cheeks apart so her bumhole opened for him.  Terry had just slipped his length into his whore's arsehole for another nice leisurely bumfuck when he heard the gate to the pool open ...


... to be continued.   
----
Who is the annoying person who has interrupted Terry and Kelly's arsefuck by the pool?  Is Terry to be beaten to a pulp by an outraged mother?  Is it a missionary from the Jehovah's Witnesses about to learn a little of real sin?

What will the filthy couple have for lunch?

With all that deviant behaviour in only the first few hours of the weekend, what will they follow it up with?

Will Kelly get it in the cunt from other people?  Will others get to fuck the thirteen year old schoolgirl whore while Terry films the action?  

Will Terry get to stuff his cock up other young cunts this weekend?

Will Terry join the Camera Club and get to see an incestuous gang bang with Tracey and Kelly?    Is he a fully qualified pornographer if he doesn't own a pornograph?

And what about the maid Angelica - will she be a player in these sex games or will she be a boring party-pooper and get in the way?

All these questions and more will be answered in the next installment of this gripping story. Don't miss it, coming to your mailbox soon.  

--