(c) Copyright 1996 Benny the Jetter.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Kelly - parts 1 - 4.   

Written by Benny the Jetter

This tale began as a dirty assignment I gave to a friend of mine, to 
write a horny text.  This first part is the assignment I gave, then 
the following 3 parts are the story I also wrote around this same 
theme.

The brief is to throw away all taboos, all inhibitions and write the 
most filthy text you can imagine ...


You're going to think I'm an awful bossy school teacher, because I'm 
going to give you an assignment.  I want you to write an essay for 
me.  Only this isn't the kind of essay school teachers get their 
students to write in school.  

This is quite another kind of essay altogether.  I'm going to start 
off an essay for you, and I want you to finish it for me. It's about 
you, and you must use your full talents for being deliciously dirty 
and creatively perverted.   I want you to really let your cock guide 
your mind and tell me a story so dirty and sexy it'll make the paper 
catch fire.  OK?

Well, the story starts with Terry, our horny little pervert sitting 
at home watching television.  It's Friday night, and you are about 
to leave for a weekend conference you don't really want to go to, 
but your boss has said you have to be there.  It has nothing to do 
with teaching - it's a personal development seminar, but you agreed 
to go anyway. You're thinking you are going to miss your wanking 
mates, and your letters from your friends, and most of all you're 
going to miss the glimpses of pantied schoolgirl crotch on the bus 
each day. 

You have twenty minutes before you have to go, and you're sitting 
there watching something boring when you hear a knocking at the 
door.  You open it, and there is a pretty blonde woman, slim, small 
but well proportioned.  She's wearing a red stretch-knit dress that 
reaches only half-way down her shapely thighs.
"Are you Terry?" she asks.

"Yes, can I help you?" you ask politely, wondering who she is.

She answers by stepping forward, putting her arms around your neck, 
and giving you a long, wet, french kiss.  Her small tits push into 
your chest, her belly pushes against your already hardening cock and 
her tongue searches out your mouth hungrily.  Your breath is 
suddenly harder to get, and you seem to need much more of it.  You 
are panting for oxygen as your own arms surround this woman you 
don't know and wish you had known many years ago.  You wonder what 
you've done to deserve this treatment, but you certainly aren't 
going to turn it down now.

Your own tongue pushes hers out of your mouth and searches inside 
the blonde's increasingly urgently, and you push back into her body 
with your own crotch.  Your cock is hard as a rock now and you're 
dry humping her as she's humping you back.

Finally, you both come up for air, and with your hands pawing 
furiously at each other, you ask, "Do I know you?"

"I'd say you do now," says the gorgeous blonde woman.  "If you don't 
know my name, you're going to have to guess it.  I know this about 
you - you're a pervert, a dirty minded, cunt hungry, piss-drinking, 
wanking pervert and I'm here with a gift for you from a friend of 
yours."

You blush with embarrassment, and glance over her shoulder to see if 
any passers by in the street might have heard this sexy apparition.  
Luckily, no sight or sound of anyone at all.

"What are you talking about?"  You are trembling with anticipation 
now.  You have a fairly good idea who sent her but if she wants to 
play a game, you're into that.

"You have to go away for the weekend, don't you?  And you don't 
really want to go to that boring talkfest do you?"

"No.  How do you know all this?" you ask, incredulous that this 
vision of a woman knows so much about what you're thinking.

"I've got a much better idea.  Get your bags and come with me."

You don't need any more encouragement.  Whatever she's got in mind 
it's got to be better than the confrence you're booked on for the 
weekend.  You go back into the house, get your suitcase and you're 
out the door before this vision can disappear.  You panic for a 
moment when you can't see her as you walk out the door, but you 
relax again when you see her waiting by the car.  You put your case 
in the boot, and walk round to the drivers door.

The slinky, sexy woman meets you there, and before you can open it 
she wraps herself around you again, and another long, lingering wet 
kiss follows.  Only this time, standing there in the darkness of the 
street, you feel her fingers fumbling with your pants, and she pulls 
down your zip.  Her mobile tongue probes your mouth wetly as her 
fingers probe inside your pants, into your underpants and she gently 
gropes your throbbing cock.  Your hands have been searching around 
her body outside her dress, and you've already discovered that she's 
not wearing a bra, and just as you're exploring her bum to see what 
kind of panties she's wearing,  she pulls away and crouches down in 
front of you.

You start to panic again as she fumbles around inside your pants 
and pulls out your cock and balls.  Fucking Christ, if anyone walks 
into the street now, or drive past you'll be caught, and the 
punishment will be nasty all round.  On the other hand, you 
certainly aren't about to discourage this horny piece of cunt whose 
warm breath you now feel on your red cockhead.  How many people in 
the whole of Australia can claim this experience - and with a woman 
whose name you can only guess at!!

Her hot wet mouth slides down the shaft of your throbbing prick, and 
the wonderful sucking sensation sends you to a state of supreme 
ecstasy.  Her head bobs up and down on your cock as her fingers 
fondle your balls.  The cool breeze of the evening air adds to the 
unique sensation and you spout your cum in a matter of only thirty 
seconds. She gulps your sperm down greedily, and holds your 
softening cock in her mouth until it is completely soft again.

"Thank you," she says, "that was gorgeous, Terry.  I love the taste 
of sperm in the evening.  I knew you'd come quickly, that's what I 
wanted, so don't feel bad about it.  It'll only make the rest of the 
evening better, because you'll be able to last much longer now.

"Don't put your cock away, Terry, I want you to drive me to our 
destination, but I want to be able to look at it while we drive."  
She climbs into the passenger's seat and buckles up the seat belt.

You are still stunned by what has happened to you in the last ten 
minutes, but you aren't going to do anything to stop it.  This is 
too good to be true.  You aren't dreaming all this are you, you 
wonder to yourself?  As you back up the driveway to the street the 
woman grabs your cock and gently squeezes it and starts to wank you 
slowly.  By the time the car is on the roadway and heading towards 
the city you are hard again and ready for anything.

"Listen," you say very cautiously, choosing your words very 
carefully, "it's not that I want to look a gift horse in the mouth, 
but what's all this about?  What have I done that deserves all 
this?  What are you going to do?"

"Easy Terry," she laughs, "one question at a time.  I've been sent 
by a friend of yours to give you a special gift, because you've 
given him so much pleasure.  He will remain anonymous, and so will 
I.  You will have to guess who we are, but I don't think you'll have 
much trouble when you see what we've got planned.  You have got the 
weekend off, supposedly at that conference haven't you?"

"Yes, but ... "

"Well, that's good," she coos, giving your cock another little 
squeeze.  "No-one will be expecting you home until Sunday night then.
"

"Monday night, actually, I was going to work straight from the 
airport on Monday morning."

"That's even better!  You can ring in from the house we're going to 
and say you're sick and that'll give you an excuse to be away Monday 
as well.  Oh fuck, you're going to have the time of your life you 
dirty pervert."

"Where are we going?"  The mystery of all this is driving you mad 
now, but she isn't giving anything away.

"Never you mind.  You'll know soon enough.  You just keep driving.  
Head towards Camden."

You drive for quite a while in silence, mainly because she finds it 
hard to talk with your cock in her mouth.  As you drive through the 
well-lit streets of Western Sydney her head is bobbing up and down 
on your prick, and her tongue is slobbering all over your fuckshaft 
making it very difficult to concentrate on your driving.  She comes 
up for air twice, just long enough to give you directions out past 
the hobby farms, and by the time she finally tells you to pull over 
and turn into a mammoth property you've shot your cum into her mouth 
three times.

You drive slowly up the long farm road to the homestead.  It is an 
absolutely huge house, the main building on a large farm.  It is 
obviously the home of someone extremely wealthy.  The gravel roadway 
sweeps round in front of the house, and you stop in front of the 
main entrance.

"Welcome to my brother's home, Terry darling," your cock-sucker 
finally says.  "Come on inside."  She leads you up to the front door 
as you rather guiltily stuff your cock back into your pants and try 
to make yourself look presentable.  This doesn't seem to worry her 
though.  She presses the doorbell.

In a few moments the door is opened by a young girl, about fifteen 
years old, extremely pretty face, blonde hair falling around her 
shoulders and wearing her high school uniform blouse, skirt and 
little white shoes and socks. She throws the door wide and with a 
smile that makes you fall in love with her instantly, she says "Hi 
Auntie, come on in."

To your surprise, your cocksucking womanfriend doesn't return the 
girl's friendly welcome, and instead gives her a curt command, "Get 
Bruce's suitcase out of the car and bring it inside."  The girl's 
smile vanishes and she hurries outside towards the car.

"Come with me, darling. Let's go into the sitting room."   You are 
becoming more and more puzzled about all this by the minute.  It 
seems that the more questions are answered for you, the more there 
are still to answer. Nevertheless, you follow her cute arse as it 
wiggles inside the red dress still wondering about her knickers - 
what colour are they? Are they briefs or bikini?  You can't see any 
lines, so perhaps she isn't wearing any at all?

She sits down on the sofa and indicates you should sit down beside 
her.  You make small talk for a while, until the schoolgirl comes 
back. "Would you like a drink, Terry darling?" she asks.

You reply that you'd like a scotch and water, and the woman barks 
"You heard him, Kelly, go get the drinks!  And get one for yourself 
too!" 

"Kelly's my niece, Terry," she says, gently now.  You are amazed at 
how her tone of voice can change so much between talking to you and 
to Kelly.  Yet Kelly doesn't seem to mind.  "My husband and I have 
come up from Adelaide for a few weeks to look after the girls while 
my brother and his wife go on a tour of Europe.  I was hoping you 
would help us for the weekend, until you have to go home again on 
Monday."  Kelly arrives with the drinks, served on a silver tray and 
in large expensive crystal glasses.  

"Sit down over there," commands the woman, pointing to the chair 
opposite.  To your absolute amazement, Kelly sits down in the chair 
lifts up the hem of her blue skirt and puts a leg over each arm, 
displaying her white pantied crotch to perfection.  She did it as 
though that was the normal way to sit in an easy chair.

You try not to stare at the delicious sight but it's more than you 
can do to fight nature.  She sits quietly, legs all akimbo, small 
tufts of cunthair sneaking out each side of the white cotton gusset.

"Don't worry about her, Terry, my spunky man, we are teaching her to 
do what she's told.  She's actually thirteen but she looks older 
than that, don't you think?  She's been very headstrong lately, and 
John and I have been working on her to bring her into line.  The 
first night we were here, she didn't even come home from school, and 
she told us she'd been staying at a girl friend's place.  That was 
true enough, but what she didn't say was that girl's parents were 
away as well, and they'd got two boys over and had slept with them.  
Little sluts, that's what they were. What were you, Kelly?" she 
demands.

"Dirty cock sucking, sperm drinking, cunt lapping cheap fucking 
sluts, Auntie."

"See what a foul mouthed cunt she is, Terry? And such a pretty girl, 
too.  Anyway as I said, John and I have  been teaching her about the 
ways of the world so she'll be nice and obedient when her father and 
mother come home in two weeks.  Tell Terry what we've been teaching 
you, whore."

"Yes, Auntie," Kelly said, still sitting with her legs spread so 
wide apart I thought they must be hurting her. "I've learnt to suck 
Uncle John's cock and drink the lovely spicy spunk, to suck your 
cunt, to worship an arsehole with my tongue, to drink piss, and to 
take things up my holes."

"And she enjoys it all too, the slut," the woman says.  "All this 
talk has got me hot, I think we ought to fuck now, don't you, 
Terry?  Cunt, get over here and help Terry get rid of his clothes."

The schoolgirl gets down from the chair and you feel slightly 
disappointed that the wonderful display of thirteen year-old pelvis 
has gone.   But only for a moment, because in a flash she's standing 
next to you unbuttoning your shirt and your pants, and stripping you 
naked.

The old question which had slipped your mind in the last few 
minutes, namely what sort of panties was the woman wearing comes 
flooding back as she reaches down, grips the hem of her short red 
knit dress and pulls it right up and over her head.  And the answer 
is there for you to see.  She is wearing nothing at all under the 
dress, not even pussy hair!  She gets down on her hands and knees on 
the carpet and puts her forehead on the floor so her arse is 
pointing right up at you.  You can see straight into her arsehole 
and her already juicy cunt.

"OK bitch, get that tongue of yours into my cunthole, get me nice 
and ready for him," she commands.  Without any hesitation, Kelly 
kneels down behind the woman and applies her mouth to the genitals 
and arse of her mistress.

"I don't like to pry," you begin, "but where is John at the moment?"

"Oh don't worry about him, he's out fucking a whore somewhere.  He 
won't be back for quite a while.  Now stick your tongue up my arse 
you filthy slut, get it really slippery."  The teenager shifts her 
mouth to the tighter of the woman's two fuckholes and pushes her 
tongue in as far as it will go. "That's enough.  Now suck Bruce's 
cock and make sure it's hard enough and make sure it's nice and 
slippery to fuck my cunt."

Kelly lifts her face from the woman's enticing bum and engulfs your 
bursting cock in her hot wet mouth.  After only a few moments, she 
lifts off again and announces that your cock is ready to fuck.

"Good, put him in me - quickly, I want a fuck now."  Kelly spreads 
the cuntlips with one hand and guides your cock into the juicy 
fuckhole with the other.  As you fuck, the young girl runs her 
fingers all around your genitals and arsehole, pTerryg and feeling 
everywhere to heighten your passion.  When you feel her hands spread 
your arsecheeks and her tongue enter your arsehole that's all you 
can stand and your cock bursts forth its white sticky cum, splashing 
the woman's cuntwalls and sloshing it all over your pounding cock.

Afterwards, as you sit naked on the couch, fondling your fucking 
partner, and looking at the fully dressed schoolgirl once more 
sitting splayed out over the chair opposite, you find out the rest 
of the story.

"Terry, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.  We won't be able 
to fuck again until Monday morning.  I have to go away for the 
weekend with John, and I need you to stay here to look after Kelly.  
I think she'll be a good girl for you, she's pretty well trained, 
but you need to keep the training going.  Her sexual education has 
been sadly lacking and we have to make up for lost time.   Do you 
mind?   You'll find she's very obliging, and you might even get her 
to come up with some horny ideas.  She's got quite a sexy mind and 
when she gets going she quite enjoys a good root.  And there'll be 
no repercussions - she's disease free and she's on the pill so you 
can fuck her as much as you like.  You won't be fucking me, but I 
think you'll find Kelly's a nice alternative.  What do you say?"

What do you think you say? "No thanks, I think I'll go home now?"  
Like fuck.  You agree as fast as you can and get the woman out the 
door before she can change her mind.


So here's your assignment Terry, my dirty perverted friend.  Just 
what do you do with the little bitch now you have her all to 
yourself?   Please write the rest of the story.  Take as long as you 
like, and make it as long or as short as you like, just let the 
filthy thoughts flow.  Don't worry too much about getting it into 
lovely English language, just give us those dirty ideas of yours.  

As you explore the house you discover there's all sort of places to 
play sex games with her.  It's a big house with many rooms, a pool 
and hot tub outside, secluded lawns and gardens, even a fully 
equipped dungeon in the basement.  And lots of costumes and sex toys 
in the bedrooms.

You can do anything you like to her, and there's no comeback.  You 
can tie her up and fuck the arse off her all weekend. You can go to 
the pub and bring back a whole lot of the guys to gang fuck her.  
You could take a video of her, because don't forget her parents are 
loaded and the house is full of handy gadgets.  You could pack her 
up into the car and take her to the Porno theatre and lend her to 
the guys there to fuck.  Or you could keep her all to yourself, 
filling her with your spunk in every way you can think of.  You can 
introduce new characters into the story too, if you like. Whatever 
you want, you filthy minded piss drinking spunk spilling wanking 
fucker.


We've written a three part story round this scenario, and we'll send 
it to you soon, but we'd like your ideas.  What do you think? her to 
come up with some horny ideas.  She's got quite a sexy mind and when 
she gets going she quite enjoys a good fuck.  And there'll be no 
repercussions - she's disease free and she's on the pill so you can 
fuck her as much as you like.  
