(c) Copyright 1996 Benny the Jetter.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






Terry's Weekend in Charge 
 - A tale of adult education - who is the teacher? - Part 3

In the second episode of the tale, Terry, who was left alone with Kelly, the thirteen year old schoolgirl with the small firm tits, long slim smooth legs, hairless baby cunt and agile hips, had fucked his brains out with her.  She showed herself to be just as totally immoral as Terry, and allowed Terry to lend her out to some of his friends at a cinema.  She performed any sexual act he asked of her with gusto and abandon, and persuaded Terry to let her organise a full scale orgy.

They went to the cinema where Terry frequented and seduced all the guys to come to the party, and for good measure Kelly did a highly erotic strip-and-feel act for the audience.

She took him to meet some of her school friends, while she organised the girls for the party.  It seemed that all the teenage girls in the whole valley were  free and easy with their pussies, indulging in incest and many other taboo activities from an early age.   While they waited for the netball team to finish their game, Kelly told Terry about some of the dirty games the girls played at school.


Terry went to bed to gather his strength for the orgy that evening, and while he slept, Kelly set up the party. Terry was woken by the gentle persuasion of Kimberley, a young teenager and her nine year old sister Rachel who stripped off their clothes and got him to suck their dripping cunts.

Now read on ...

Only half a minute after Terry heard Kim's footsteps going down the stairs, there was another tap on the door, it opened and a dark haired beauty of about sixteen walked in bold as brass.  Terry had been sucking on the wet crotch of Kim's knickers and just managed to throw them onto the floor before the newcomer entered the room. 

This teenager was wearing an extremely tight very short knit micro mini dress that just covered her crotch and no more.  The front was low cut, so Terry could see the tops of her sizeable tits. This little bitch knew about sex alright, and she knew what boys liked to see.

"Hi, I'm Cindy" she said in a low sexy voice, "I hope you don't mind me barging in like this, but Kelly said you liked grapes,  is that true?"

"Yes," Terry replied, guessing where this was heading, but not knowing what the grapes had to dowith it.

"Well she told me I wasn't to give you any yet because they're for the party tonight, but I sneaked some up for you anyway."

"I can't see them," he replied.

"You will soon," the girl said, reached behind her and unzipped her dress.  It fell to the floor and she stepped out of it.  Terry realised she'd been wearing nothing at all under that tiny dress, because there she was before him totally naked, except for a charming gold chain around her slender waist and a gold bracelet on her right ankle.

She had large tits, very firm and standing out from her body like a sixteen year old's should, and her nipples were hard and erect like smallcocks.  Her hips were beautifully rounded and her dense dark cuntbush was neatly trimmed into a heart shape.  The girl's mound was quite large and rounded with labia that were large and swollen and glistening with juice.  Her inner lips protruded from between the outer lips of her fuckslot.  But the feature of this young teenager's body that amazed Terry most was the tattoo of an arrow on her mound, pointing to her cunt, almost beckoning to anyone who saw it (and Terry guessed quite a few men had seen it and fucked their cocks into it!!)

She climbed up onto the bed, Terry's eyes not leaving her cunt for a moment, stood astride his head with her back to the wall and slowly lowered her dripping twat towards Terry's face.  He opened thesweet-smelling cunt with his fingers and was delighted to see a fat green grape tucked up into her vagina.  Then he noticed another in her bumhole.

"Eat the grapes, Terry.  I brought them up here for you.  Suck my cunt.  Lick my arse.  Make me cum you filthy fucker."

Terry was never one to need a second invitation to use a cunt, and he greedily sucked the fruit from its wonderful hiding place in the slut's crotch.  She took only about thirty seconds to start cumming and she didn't stop until Terry had finished all the grapes.  

"This fucking little teenage bitch is HOT indeed!!" Terry thought, so after she'd relaxed a bit after her orgasms, Terry asked her how she'd come to get the arrow tattoo.

"My dad is a sailor on a container ship and when he and mum split up, and I went to live with my mother in Brisbane," the girl said. "Every christmas school holidays I used to go and stay with my dad, but he didn't really care too much about me.  He used to leave me at home watching tv while he went to the fucking club to get pissed.  I hated school holidays, but it gave my mum a rest I suppose.

"Anyway, five years ago, when I was 11, I had just started to get my periods, Dad made a big fuss of me, said it made me a real woman now.  In India, he said, I would be married.   Dad told me on the second day I was there that I'd have to go back home because he had to go to sea again.  The ship was sailing the next morning and I had to go back to Mum.  I pleaded with him to take me along, because I didn't want to miss being with him.  I don't know why since he didn't seem to care whether I was there or not, but eventually he agreed and we went aboard the ship that night.  I could hardly sleep I was so excited.  I'd never been out of Australia before, and now I was going on a cruise withmy father to Asia!!

"The ship sailed the next morning at 7am and I watched the harbour slip away over the horizon and out of sight. Finally, we were at sea.  I went down to Dad's cabin and got my swimsuit on, then went up on deck again to sunbathe.  I realised I'd be spending a lot of time on my own because Dad had to work, but it was really nice anyway - sun on my body, sea breeze in my hair and all that.  I'd been sunbathing and kind of drowsing for about fifteen minutes when I realised there was somebody standing beside me.  I opened my eyes and saw a huge hunk of a man standing so close to me I was looking right up the leg of his shorts.

"He had no underpants on and I could see his fat cock nestled inside and his huge hairy balls. I had never seen a man's genitals before and it excited me.  My heart started to beat faster.

'Hi, I'm Greg' he said. 'Are you enjoying the trip so far?' He didn't seem to realise I could see up his pants, because he didn't move away, just stood there talking to me.  We talked for about ten minutes or so about the weather and the countries the ship was going to and the job Greg did on the ship.  The whole the time I was staring at his cock, and feeling a tingle in my cunt. I felt a bit disappointed when Greg had to go back to work, but then another guy came up to me and sat down beside me. He was also wearing very short shorts and no underpants, and the head of his cock was hanging right out of the leg of his shorts.  He introduced himself as Tony and we talked for a while about nothing in particular.  He also didn't seem to know his cock was on display but I was enjoying theshow so much I certainly wasn't going to tell him.

"All afternoon, about every half hour or so, another guy would come by to talk to me and they were all wearing the same thing - shorts and no underpants - so I had a passing cavalcade of pricks to look at. I started to smell a rat when the chief engineer came by. He was wearing overalls, undone down past his belly button because it was a hot day.  All the time we were talking, he was leering at me, looking at my crotch and scratching his balls and rearranging his cock inside his pants.

"That evening, when Dad met me in his cabin after work, I told him of my day, and how the guys had worried me with their leering at me.  He told me not to worry, it was just because they were sailors and I was the only girl on the ship. He told me to dress up a bit for dinner because the captain was going to be there, so I put on my blue flared skirt, with matching blue cotton panties, white blouse, white socks and shoes.  I brushed my hair till it shone and gathered it into a ponytail with a lovely blue ribbon.  Daddy said I looked perfect, and we went to the mess.  There were about twenty five men at the dinner - all the crew except the five or so who were on watch for the evening. I stayed quiet during the dinner, because the men were all talking sailor talk - about their sexual conquests ashore and so on.  I didn't know what to do.  It was rather embarrassing for an eleven year old who was only just starting to discover her body.  After all, I'd been masturbating for only a few months, and I'd only just got the hang of how to give myself an orgasm.  I'd never even touched a cock, although I'dlet Brett Grant feel me briefly behind the changing sheds at the pool once.

"The dinner ended and the men got out a bottle or two of port and some brandy and poured some drinks.  Tony gave me some brandy and said to drink it down. I looked at Dad, and he nodded, so I drank it down.  It burnt but afterwards made my pussy hot. Straight away Tony gave me another and told me to drink it too.  I looked at Dad, but he was talking to one of the men and didn't notice.  I drank the brandy, a little bit at a time, but was starting to feel the effects even after half of the second glass.  I hadn't drunk hard liquor before and it got to me immediately.  I put the glass down on the table so I wouldn't have to drink any more.

"Then the chief engineer said, 'Well boys, I think it's time for some entertainment, don't you?' They all cheered their approval. 'Phil,' he said (that's my dad's name) 'it's your turn to organise the entertainment, isn't it?'

"Dad stood up and announced to everyone that I was going to sing a song and dance for them.  I was flabbergasted!  He didn't tell me about this.  I protested that I didn't know any songs or dances!

'Don't worry about that then, you hop up on the table, and we'll sing the song and you can dance for us. How's that?'

"I didn't see how I had a choice, so I climbed up on the polished table and promptly slipped over.  The men all roared and clapped and laughed at me.  As I clambered to my feet again, one said 'Did you see that, she has blue panties on to match her dress, how about that?'

'She has not, you fucking fool. Anyone could see they are white panties'

'They're blue I say.'
'I reckon they're green with a little red heart on the front.'

"The argument raged around the table, with everyone having a different opinion.  I thought they must all be very foolish to be bothering to argue about the colour of my knickers. Finally, the captain intervened.

'That's enough you guys.  We can't argue about something like this when we are lucky enough to have some nice entertainment this evening. Cindy, I think you should settle this argument here and now by showing us your panties.  Lift up your dress for us.'
'Yes' said my Dad, 'lets sort out who's right.  Cindy, lift up your dress and let us all see your knickers.'

"There was complete and utter silence in the room as I reached for the hem of my skirt and started to lift it up my legs.  I lifted my dress up at the side so they could see a little bit of my panties but that didn't satisfy them. They insisted I keep lifting it until I had my dress right up to my waist.  I could see the leering looks and a few of the men were playing with their cocks through their pants.  I felt strangely excited and embarrassed at the same time, being the centre of attention of so many men at once.

"Then they told me to tuck my dress into the top of my panties while I danced so they could see my legs.  I was very hesitant, because I felt wet between my legs, and I didn't want them to see, but Dad told me to go ahead so I started to tuck it in.

'No, take your skirt off, that'll be better,' Dad told me. 'It'll get all crushed like that. We've all seen your panties now, so it doesn't matter.' Everyone agreed that was a good idea.

"So I unbuttoned my lovely flared skirt and let it drop to the table.  One of the guys folded it and put it over a chair.

'Ok, men,' said the captain, 'lets sing a song while Cindy dances for us.  What about The Teddy Bears Picnic?  You know that song don't you Cindy?'  I nodded, and they all started to sing:

'If you go down to the woods today, you'd better go in disguise,
If you go down to the woods today, you're sure of a big surprise,
For every bear that ever there was has gathered there for certain because
Today's the day the teddy bears fuck their sisters.'

"I was stunned by the obscene words of the song, and it went on for verse after verse in graphic detail about cunts and spunk and how the bears fucked their sisters and mothers and even each other.  All the while I tried to keep dancing because Dad got angry if I stopped.

"When they finally finished the song, I was hot from all the exertion, and the captain said I should take off my blouse to cool off.  When I said I couldn't do that, he said,

'Don't worry about offending us, Cindy, we're not embarrassed.  I'll tell you what, we'll all take off our shirts as well.  That's only fair isn't it.'  They all roared their agreement and in no time they were all half naked.  I didn't see how I had any option, and I certainly was hot (and not only in the way the captainhad implied either.  My cunt was throbbing with excitement!)  So I undid the buttons of my blouse. As I did they all clapped and cheered.  Finally I dropped my blouse and stood there in panties shoes and socks.

"There were lots of ribald comments about my tits, which even though I was only eleven were already quite well shaped and I was quite proud of them.

"Then they sang some more songs while I danced on the table. Each was even more obscene than the last, and I was getting more and more turned on.  Some of the cocks were so hard now they were showing above the waistbands of their pants.  I couldn't help looking at these exciting knobs, and I wanted to touch them.

'Hey!' shouted the chief engineer, adjusting his cock for the millionth time, 'you're a filthy bugger sparks. You've got your cock on show! Put it away!'

'No, I won't' protested the ships electrician, 'I can't help it if it's too big to fit inside my shorts. And besides, look at those guys, they've got theirs sticking out too. Mine's bigger though.'

'It fucking well isn't,' bellowed one of the seamen.

'No, mine is, another joined in.

"In seconds there was another argument raging about the sizes of those beautiful cocks, while I stood on the table watching.  Finally, my dad stopped the shouting by suggesting that I might settle it for them by measuring them all!  I was certainly eager to undertake that task, but I didn't want to show too much enthusiasm with my dad watching.  Finally I agreed, and they discussed how it was going to be done, where the measurements were going to be taken and who was going to write down the results.  My mother would have had an absolute fit if she'd had anyidea what was going on.  Here was her eleven year old daughter nearly naked, about to measure the erect cocks of twenty five horny and lusty seamen, including her own father!

"The rules were that the guys were to take off all their clothes and line up.  I was to use the tape measure someone found in a drawer and measure the length of the cock from the balls to the top of the head, and then the circumference around the widest part.  These measurements would be added together and the winner would be the one with the greatest score.    The men all stripped off, and lined up one behind the other.  I sat on a chair and started to measure the first cock.  The captain was first, and his prick kept waving around all the time, so I had to grab hold of it to hold it still so I could measure it."

At this point Cindy stopped and asked Terry whether he minded her going on like this. She hadn't been able to tell anyone this story before and really appreciated being able to confide in him.

"This is a very secret part of me, and I need to talk about it to someone I can trust not to spread it around.  Do you mind, Terry?"

"Not at all," Terry replied, his voice breaking slightly.  He found the story highly arousing.  He reached out and started to finger her cunt as she talked.   She was dripping wet and his fingers squelched slightly as they wormed their way into her hole.   Absently, Cindy reached for Terry's cock and held it as she continued her tale.

"The sailors were all making very dirty comments abouthow I must have played with lots of cocks before because I knew what I was doing.  They asked me did I jerk the boys off at school and when I said no they said my teacher must have taught me how to pull a cock.  I was shaking with excitement as I closed my hand around each cock, and I was dying to put one into my mouth and see what it tasted like.  I'd heard some of the older girls at school talking about sucking a boy off and I thought that sounded like the sexiest thing I could imagine. But I didn't dare do that now, my father would beat me for sure!  I could feel the wetness in my genitals soaking through my panties onto the seat and I hoped no-one would notice.

"When it was my father's turn to be measured I nearly passed out I was so horny.  The urge to kiss it was so strong I had trouble reading the tape.  I held his fat hard prick in my left hand, lifted it up and reached underneath for the place next to his balls where I was to put the measuring tape. As my right hand touched his ballsac, I saw it contract, heard him grunt and I felt his sperm shoot out of his cock and all over me.  It was the first time I'd ever seen fresh spunk and I was stunned!  It spewed out of his jumping prick in great ribbons and onto my young tits.  Dad grabbed his cock and directed the stream of spunk onto me so it went into my hair, down my front and onto my panties.

"I couldn't believe my eyes.  I had never been so sexually excited in my short life and I felt my nipples tighten until they almost hurt.    I started to wipe it off and the captain stopped me.

'You can't take that stuff off now, we've got a contest going. You'll just have to leave itthere won't she boys?'  They all agreed. 'And you can't measure that cock now, it's going down already.  Where's the mancunt to get it up again?'

"The steward, a man of about twenty appeared from the galley and looked at me, and my dad's cock. 

'What a waste of good spunk!' he said, and dropped to his knees and popped my father's cock into his mouth.  He was well practiced at cocksucking and I found out later that he was brought on board purely to be the sex slave for the crew.  Normally he spent the entire time at sea naked and being fucked, sucked and sucking the crew off.  He was in his element here, to such an extent that he did all this for no pay, just room and board and all the spunk he could swallow.

"My eyes nearly popped out of my head as I watched him sucking on my fathers dick only inches away from my own mouth.  His head bobbed up and down, and his lips smacked and his hands wandered all over Dads groin. Gradually, the mighty engine that had brought me to life eleven years ago started to harden again.  The man they all called the mancunt sucked harder and wanked the cock as it rose to its full glory.  He was disappointed when Dad pushed him off and said,

'Cindy can finish measuring it now.'  He pointed it at me and I grasped its slippery length in my trembling hand.  I wrapped the tape around it and called out its dimensions.

"I was sort of relieved to let Dad's prick go, but also sad in a way, because I wanted to play with it some more.  But the next guy was poking his cock at me insisting I measure him.  Most of the guys were keeping their cocks up by playing with themselves or each other while they watched me work.
"A couple of men later and the Chief engineer was standing in front of me, his huge erection sticking out at me.  A drop of pre-cum was oozing from the enormous soft head.  I lifted the massive fuckstick up to measure it and I was astounded at the size of his hairy ballsac.  He kept moving around so I had to grip it quite firmly to measure its length.  Then I tipped it down to wrap the tape around its circumference.  That's when he came.  His cum shot out onto my face, and I gasped.  While my mouth was open, he put his hand on the back of my head and pushed hard.  His cock fucked straight into my mouth, still shooting hot spunk.  He held me firmly so I couldn't back off while the spunk filled my mouth, spilling down my throat.  I had no choice but to swallow it, and as I did so he shoved even harder.  His prick entered my throat and he was in me so far that my lips kissed his thick curly hairs.  I heard the other men cheering and clapping and demanding a turn.  He fucked my mouth for a little while until his cock stopped spurting cum, then he let me go, standing back and smiling at me in a lecherous sort of way.

"To tell the truth, I really enjoyed the taste of his cum even then, and I actually quite enjoyed him taking such a dominant charge over me, but I didn't get much time to think about it, because as soon as he pulled his prick out of my mouth, there was another waiting, with its owner saying,

'You sucked him, so I want a go.  Come on Cindy, suck me off.  Suck my cum too.'

"They completely forgot about the contest then, and lined up for me to suck them.  I was having so much fun that I would have done anything theytold me to then.  I realised that when I was presented with a hard angry prick I was a helpless mass of jelly.

"Some of the guys couldn't wait for me to suck them off and pulled the mancunt into the game, made him suck them too.  At one stage I looked out the corner of my eye and I saw my father fucking him in the arse, the captain fucking his mouth, and another guy lying on his back underneath the three of them sucking on the mancunt's cock.

"I sucked cock for about two hours that night, becoming totally addicted to the taste of sperm in the process.  I sucked all twenty five of them before I eventually had to call a halt to the evening because my mouth was so sore.  They let me go to bed when Dad told them he thought I'd had enough for tonight, so they carried on fucking and sucking with each other.  I was certain that this was the regular recreation on board this ship.

"I collapsed exhausted into my bunk about midnight, and had just drifted off to sleep when I heard the door open and my father came in.

'You were magnificent tonight, Cindy,' he said.  'You are really a wonderful woman.  All the guys wanted me to tell you they think you're a natural for this sort of thing and they think you're very pretty too. What do you think of that?'

'You aren't ashamed of me for doing all those things, Dad?' I asked.

'No, of course not. It's just the natural expression of the growing sexuality of a young woman caught on a ship with a lot of well built attractive men. I am disappointed about one thing, though.'+'What's that, Dad?'

'You sucked everyone else off except me.'

'But you were poking that guy - the mancunt - in the bottom'.

'That doesn't mean I'm gay, any more than the rest of the guys. The only gay one on the ship is the mancunt.  He's having the time of his life.  The rest of us just fuck any hole that happens to be available, and for most of the time that's him.  We fuck each other too quite often.'

'Oh Dad, I'd like to suck you off, but my mouth's so sore I don't think I could do it now.  I'm sorry. What about tomorrow?'

'Ok, you can suck me off tomorrow morning.  But I don't think it's fair that you were doing all the sucking tonight.  I think someone should suck you off.'

"This was a revelation to me.  I had never imagined you could suck a girl off, so I said so and Dad told me to lie on my back.  He pulled my sopping panties off, spread my legs and I experienced the ecstasy of a tongue probing my slit for the first time.

"For half an hour I came and came as Dad stuck his tongue up my virgin cunt and slurped around my sloppy cuntlips.  His fingers probed my cunt and my arsehole, and he played with my tits.  I was exhausted from all the orgasms when he said to me,

'I think you can become a total woman now, Cindy.'

"I knew what he meant and I was more than ready for it.  I pulled him up on top of me and he guided his cock into my very tight fuckhole.

"After a short stab of pain I felt his lovely cock invade my body and I knew that I was in heaven.  I orgasmed on the spot and Iwhispered in his ear that I wanted him to fuck me, to fuck my cunt and fill me with his hot sticky spunk.  That was all he needed, and his prick gushed forth its delicious seed.

"We lay in each others arms, still connected, and I fell asleep fully satiated, my father's cock still firmly embedded in his eleven year old daughter's cunt.


"There was a lot more sex and many more adventures on that trip, and I'd like to tell you all about them Terry, {NOTE: These adventures, the sexual education of this teenage girl and the display of total absence of morals are detailed in the next series of tales, coming to your mailbox soon.  Stay tuned!!} but I'm so horny now after that, I want you to fuck me.  My cunt's so hot and I'm desperate for a screw - quick, give me your cock now!!"

Terry snapped out of the image he had of the eleven your-old girl lying underneath her own father fucking her brains out, and followed the instincts yelling at him through his cock - here's a cunt that's available, FUCK IT!!

He threw the sixteen year old schoolgirl whore onto her back pushed her legs wide and high, and fell on top of her.  His prick went up her fuckchannel in a single stroke and she started cumming immediately. She shouted at him in the most obscene language, urging him on to fill her with his spunk.  She used her hands and tongue with the expertise of a slut who was born to fuck - her hands were in all the places he liked to be touched - his back, his sides, in his arsecrack, fingering his bumhole.   She licked and sucked him everywhere she could reach, including hisfavourite place, licking his ears and neck.  

Terry had been fucked many times before, especially this weekend but never before by such an expert.  This girl, although only sixteen, could give lessons to the whores of Bangkok or Mexico City. Terry decided not to let her out of his sight until he knew where to find her after this dream weekend was over.  He wanted to be able to sample more of this cunt's special abilities.  He had some friends who'd like to fuck her cunt as well.

Terry fucked his cock into her without any ceremony, pounding her genitals unmercifully. She cried out in ecstasy as she came over and over again.  It was not very long before Terry felt that familiar feeling as his spunk rose up his stiff erection.  His cock swelled, his breathing quickened, he shuddered and his seed burst forth into the girl's vitals.

Terry relaxed on the bed, with his young whore in his arms and slept deeply.




---------------



Terry woke with the sound of Kelly coming into the bedroom noisily calling out,

"Wakey fancy fucker!  Time to go to the party!"

Terry realised for the first time that Cindy has disappeared while he was asleep and it was dark outside.

"Well, you've had a fine afternoon, fucking and sucking all my friends while I've beenslaving away getting the party ready," Kelly told him teasingly.  "You'll pay for all this ungodly glee this evening, I can assure you. Come on, the guests are starting to arrive."

"What should I wear do you think?"  Terry asked her.

"Oh yes, I've got you your special clothes for this evening.  They're on the end of the bed.  Please get into them and come downstairs as soon as possible." 

And she was gone, running down the stairs giggling to herself.

Terry looked at the pile of clothing and was impressed.  The young slut hadn't left any detail out!  He dressed as he was told, and looked at himself in the mirror.  He had to admit he looked pretty horny even to himself, and he supposed the clothes were chosen by the girls to make him look just the way they liked.

He studied the way the leather sleeveless waistcoat set off his strong chest.  It reached only down to his belly button where it was fastened with a single button.  The high boots were just like a cowboy's, and his jeans were tucked into them.

Mind you, they weren't ordinary jeans though.  They were cut so that his entire crotch was exposed. There was nothing at the front or the back from the belt to six inches above his knee so that his cock, balls and arse were totally open to the gaze of anyone.  And the piece-de-resistance was the belt which ran between his legs, attached at each end to the belt running around his middle. Attached to this belt was a dildo about 2 inches in diameter which fitted neatly up his arse, and a steel ring fitted around his cock and balls, pushing them forward and out in front of him.  As he walked around the room, his cock swayed from side to side and thedildo stimulated his prostate gland, making his cock stand erect and ready for action. The final touch was the enveloping red cloak which covered all the racy clothes until the grand unveiling was due.

Looking respectable, if a little strange, Terry walked carefully down the stairs (he didn't want to fall over and fuck himself to death tumbling down the stairs!!) where he found a huge mob of girls waiting for him.

Kelly was obviously in command, and showed him into the living room where a small podium and a special chair had been rigged for Terry to sit at.  He felt like some sort of middle eastern potentate sitting up in the place of honour. He had no idea he'd made such an impact on Kelly that she'd gone to all this trouble for him.  It seemed that the entire party was being organised for his benefit.  He made a mental note to pay special attention to Kelly to thank her for her thoughtfulness.

Two of the girl guides, in their blue uniforms, led him to his chair and sat him down.  As they arranged his clothes, they touched him in places normal girl guides didn't even know about, adjusting his balls, and the dildo in his bum so he was very comfortable indeed.  The girls giggled and kissed him sexily before darting out of the room again.

Terry surveyed the other occupants of the room.  About fifteen guys had arrived already and had been seated in rows set out in front of the TV set, rather like the seats of a small cinema.  No-one was talking, they were all a bit hesitant and nervous about what was going to occur.  Also they wereintently watching the video playing on the big-screen TV. It was a pretty standard porno movie featuring a woman and a man fucking and sucking. Nice sex, but nothing too remarkable in Terry's view.  It was the real thing, rather than R-rated so it was much stronger than the normal cinema stuff, but only Terry knew that it was only for the purpose of keeping them all quiet until everyone was present.

At this early stage of the evening, there were only men in the room except for six of the older girls who were moving around the room getting drinks for the guys. Again Kelly's attention to detail showed, because these girls were dressed in ultra short pink flared mini-skirts, tight low-cut t-shirts that just reached below their tits, no bras, pink panties to match the skirts, and pink thigh-length leather boots.  To top the outfit off, they wore a little cardboard waitress's hat with a logo on the front featuring an erect prick shooting a big ribbon of spunk.  Terry thought the girls looked very sexy indeed.

As they waited on the guests, they made sure the guys got a good look down their fronts, and bent over from the waist so the other guys copped a good look up their skirts at their pantied bums.  Some of the guys tried to feel them up, but they deftly avoided getting touched in 'naughty' places at this stage.  They didn't want the men to get too much of an idea of what was in store.  At this stage, Kelly obviously wanted everyone to think this was to be a sort of racy version of the strip and movie show they were used to seeing in the City.

One of these waitresses, adelicious curvy blonde with long shapely legs named Ingrid brought Terry a scotch and leant over him, deliberately showing him her hard tits.  She kissed his mouth wetly, her tongue flicking all around his mouth, and whispered in his ear,

"You can have some more whiskey later if you like - I'll let you drink it out of my cunt.  I hear you're very talented at that."  She reached into the cloak and squeezed his cock and was gone again.

As he waited, Terry noticed that the girls had rigged up some lights - both fixed spotlights and a couple of moving ones, operated from the back of the room.  This was a proper little theatre now. Fuck, the girls must have been busy all afternoon!  Terry guessed the lights were rigged up on the camera club evenings. 

Eventually, all the guests were seated in the room which now more resembled a theatre than a living room.  There were about forty men seated quietly sipping their drinks waiting for the festivities to begin.

The lights dimmed, and a man entered the room and stood in the centre of the middle spotlight.  He was dressed exactly the same as Terry was, and Terry recognised him from some of the videos he'd seen as Tracey's father.

"Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I'm Neil, your master of ceremonies for the evening."  he began, and a murmur went around the room as everyone realised the fun was about to begin, even if they didn't all fully realise what kind of fun they had in store. "Tonight we're going to put on a unique show for you.  we have a very large cast, and you'll see that we have a good range of talent for your entertainment.  You have all been invited here for a private show, and although you don't know each other now, let me say you most certainly will know each other well before the evening'sover.  You have all been invited because we think you are all interested in matters of a sexual nature and are not offended by explicit displays of nudity.  If there's anyone here who is offended by nudity and open sexuality, please leave now before it's too late."

He paused for a full minute for dramatic effect.  No-one left, although everyone looked around to see if anyone might be going to leave.

"Good," Neil continued, "I knew we had a fine audience of sexy people here tonight. Let me tell you some of the ground rules for the festivities. We are a very uninhibited group, and believe that all forms of sexual expression are legitimate as long as they are between consenting people. Therefore rule number one is: we are very tolerant of all forms of behaviour but you must not force anything on anyone.  Anyone violating this rule will be severely punished.

"Rule number two is, Terry here is the special guest for the evening, and he must be given priority in anything he wants to do. He has performed services above and beyond the call of duty for our hostess and the main reason for this little shindig this evening is to reward him. Let's hear a round of applause for our special guest Terry."

Terry was a little embarrassed at everyone applauding him, but he acknowledged the clapping and Neil continued.

"Rule number three is: There will be plenty of time for you to take part in the activities, but for the first part of the evening, please do not interfere in the show unless invited by the performers.  We believe the evening will go much better if we allow it tobe more or less controlled for the first while.

"And the last rule is:  You will all be well advised to keep this entire evening confidential between us.  We will take a dim view indeed of anyone who talks about this evening outside this property." 

(Terry remembered that Kelly and Neil had organised to videotape all the guests at the party in compromising positions, preferably with their cocks up someone other than their wives so that if they threatened to involve the authorities the videotape could be used to blackmail them into keeping quiet.  But they knew it was only a precaution because none of the guests would be likely to try and stop the fun.)

"Now, let me introduce the entire cast of tonight's performance..."

At this signal, the girl operating the sound system brought the music up loud, and as Neil introduced each girl by name, the most exciting parade of femininity walked into the room, in and out of the rows of chairs amongst the guests and out again.

The parade was led by the guide leader, followed by two tiny dancers in leotards and tutus and the guides in their full uniform.  As they walked, they swung their hips so their short skirts swung around, giving everyone a good look at their thighs.  The buttons were undone on their tunics down to their belly buttons and none of them were wearing bras. The two little dancers sat on Terry's lap, one on each knee. They snuggled into his body and let their hands fall into his crotch in an unmistakable signal that they were there to play.  Terry's cock twitched asthe girls worked their hands inside the cloak and took hold of his swelling cockshaft.  In return, Terry let his hands wander all over the sexy young girls, including up their short pink dresses to fondle their pantied bottoms and pussies. As the show continued, the girls encouraged him to push his fingers into their panties and inside their little pre-teen slits.  This was all hidden from the view of the others in the room by the darkness, and this made Terry bolder.  He pulled his cloak aside to reveal his fat cock with the two small hands around it, fondling it.  The two nine-year olds were plainly no strangers to angry pricks judging by the expert way they were holding and teasing Terry.

Next on the parade were six schoolgirls in school uniform, complete with regulation school bag. These girls were also braless and with their blouses open to the waist.  Their tits were openly on display to the horny group of men and women. They were free with their bodies, letting the men touch their tits as they walked around the room, but not letting any hands stay up their skirts for more than a moment.  That stuff could wait.

Then came some girls in the kind of clothes teenagers wear when they want to attract boys at a dance party - ultra short mini dresses, lots of makeup, tight T shirts, tiny flared skirts, etc.  They were followed by some teenagers in bikinis two sizes too small and cut  high on the hips so their tits and pussies were clearly outlined through the thin lycra fabric, then some gymnasts in slinky lycra leotards.

After them were some girls in hot pants and bra-tops, the netball team in their uniform, and last of all, the rest of the girls in their underwear - just panties, nothing else.

"Our stars, Ladies and Gentlemen - lets have someapplause for them,"  prompted Neil and the room erupted in raucous whistling and clapping.

"Next I am pleased to introduce our first act for you. Here is what your daughters are up to on their way home from school each afternoon."

The spotlight fell on the door and the six schoolgirls, all about thirteen or fourteen, entered again.  They acted out a little scene where they were waiting behind the changing room at the local park for one of their friends to join them. They talked in very blunt and obscene language about their sexual fantasies, before one girl let on she had a vibrator in her schoolbag.  To the encouragement of the others, she got it out of her bag and started it up.  As it buzzed away, she passed it all over her body, then inside her blouse and onto her tits.  She closed her eyes and breathed deeply before one of the others snatched it from her, saying,

"give me a go with that."  The small play had the girls taking turns touching their tits with the vibrator and their hands.


"I'm horny," said one, "I want to see what it feels like in my cunt."  She lifted her skirt and ran the buzzing sex toy around her crotch outside her panties. Then she pulled the crotch of the cotton garment aside and slipped the vibrator between the wet lips of her cunt.

"Fuck," the other girls said, "that looks fun, it's a pity you don't have one for us too."

"I have" the first girl replied. She left the vibrator buzzing away up her juicy cunt and, hitching her skirt up so the audience could all see it up her hole, she turned aroundand bent over to reach into her bag.  In the process, the vibrator stuck straight out behind her and one of the other schoolgirls grabbed it and fucked it in and out with rapid, almost brutal movements.  The schoolgirl remained bent over  her bag, allowing herself to be fucked while the crowd of increasingly horny men whistled, cheered and called out obscenities.

Eventually she came up from the bag with a vibrator for all her friends and while her vibrator stayed in her cunt unaided, she stripped the panties off each of her friends and fucked a vibrator up each of them.

The short play ended with the girls cumming as they fucked each other with the vibrators in a sort of circle jerk.  They stood in a circle one behind the other.  They bent over at the waist and each teenager lifted the skirt of the girl in front of her so that the crowd could all get a good look at the cunts full of vibrators. And then they each fucked the girl in front with the vibrator and fingered her arse and clit with her free hand until she orgasmed.

At the end of their act, the girls stood side by side for the applause with the vibrators still doing their thing up the juicy fuckholes and Neil came back on.

"Weren't they lovely girls ladies and gentlemen?  Don't they have lovely cunts?  What about another round of applause for our inventive schoolgirls for putting on such a fine show."  There was much loud cheering, which doubled in volume when Neil said,

"And now the girls will move amongst you all so you can get a closer look at them, and ifyou are nice to them, they might let you all play with the vibrators yourselves."

At this the teenagers ran into the audience who stripped off what few clothes were left on them and smothered the girls with feeling hands and kissing mouths.

Once everyone had had a go at fucking the naked girls with the vibrators, and they had all had at least one more orgasm, Neil called them back onto the stage for a final round of applause, the vibrators still up their cunts to the hilt.

"How about another round of applause for our sexy schoolgirls? (more wild cheering and whistling) At the risk of appearing immodest, I want to point out to you one special member of that team, my daughter Tracey.  Step forward and take a bow, Tracey."

Tracey took a very low bow as the crowd applauded, and just as she was at the lowest point of the bow, when her hair was touching the floor, her father stepped up behind her and started fucking the vibrator in her cunt again.

While Neil was fucking his daughter's cunt with the vibrator for the crowd, Terry was about to spunk onto the hands of the nine year old ballet dancers on his knees.  He told them to watch out because they were going to make him cum.  To his surprise, they yanked his cloak from his body, knelt at his feet and put their pretty faces next to the head of his cock.  Instead of stopping their masturbation of his fat cock, they stepped up the stimulation, so he had two tongues lapping his cock as well as the young hands.  It was too much for him, and he spunked. His cock swelled, the sperm rushed up the thick shaft and out the piss slit in great hot ribbons.

The two young girls fought between themselves over who was going to get the spunk.  Theypulled his spouting prick back and forth between them each trying to get more than the other over her face and in her hair.  When Terry stopped cumming on the girls, they stood up and walked proudly around the room showing off their slimy prize to the randy throng.

Neil, meanwhile, had a raging hard-on of his own.  He too had thrown off his cloak and his cock and balls were there on display.  With his left hand he fucked his daughter's cunt with the vibrator and with his right hand he pulled on his cock.

Tracey never needed much to make her cum, she had always been a dirty tramp and just the thought of sex was sometimes enough to get her off, but here, having her cunt interfered with by her father in front of all these strangers while he jerked off over her was more than enough.  She orgasmed very loudly indeed, calling out for him to fuck her cunt hard, give her his spunk, etc.

As Neil felt his own climax coming on he pulled Tracey round so her face was near his cock.  She opened her mouth just in time for her father to shoot his spunk into it from a distance of six inches.  Neil shot his sperm all over his daughter's face and hair, telling the audience in a loud voice what he was doing. Some of the audience had their cocks out now and were openly masturbating.

"Ok," Neil panted, "everyone can take their pants off now, so their cocks are out and available."

Everyone had their pants on the floor in no time, and Terry had the two girls fondling his balls and sucking on his cockagain.  They were sitting on his feet, rubbing their open slippery slits on the insteps. Terry thought that was a terrific feeling, the tiny hairless cunts made a wonderful slippery mess on his feet and his cock felt marvellous.  But there were now no cunts for his hands to play with.

He looked over at one of the waitresses and beckoned to her.

"I want to feel your cunt, take off your panties," he told her. She obeyed instantly and lifted her short pink skirt so he could see the fleshy pouting hairless cuntlips glistening with juice.  She spread her legs as she stood by his chair and he pushed the fingers of one hand up her hole.  She groaned gently - the sex activity so far had made her extremely horny and this was exactly what she needed.

He caught the eye of Miss Simpson, the pretty 22 year old girl guide leader and signalled her with his free hand.  She looked rather embarrassed at the sexual scene in front of her - Terry with two very young girls playing with his hard prick and his hand between another girl's legs.

"Miss Simpson, are you enjoying the party?" he asked.

"It's very ... unusual," she stammered, feeling hornier than she'd ever felt but still not sure whether she should show it.

"I don't know what's in store for us, but I think it's going to get even more 'unusual' too, Miss Simpson.  Why don't you get into the mood?  Open your tunic and show me your lovely tits."

"Please, Terry! I can't," sheprotested.

"Sure you can, it's easy. Look, this cunt's going to show you how easy it is."  He turned to the girl he was diddling with his hand.  She lifted her T-shirt up and her firm round breasts bobbed into view.

"See, that was easy wasn't it.  Now you do it Miss Simpson. Show me your tits, and play with the nipples to make them nice and hard."

Miss Simpson tentatively reached for the buttons on her Guide uniform tunic dress and started to open the top.  Terry could see her hands shaking and wondered whether it was excitement or nervousness that was making her shiver.  She got her buttons undone to her belt and pulled her top open.  Her large but very firm tits burst into view.  She wasn't wearing a bra  because she never wore one.  She thought it made her a liberated woman. However she was discovering she hadn't been as liberated as she thought. Most of the girl guides she was custodian to were considerably more liberated than she'd been. But she was going to make up for it now if she got the chance.

"Squeeze your tits!" Terry commanded.  Miss Simpson gasped with excitement and did as she was told.  Terry decided that Miss Simpson rather liked being ordered around.  He had an idea that would make her evening if that was the case.  But he needed to test his theory.

"Go over to that man in the second row with the huge cock and give him your tits to play with. Put them in his mouth to suck."

She winced, but didn't baulk.  She walked straight over to the guy Terry pointed out and thrust her tits at his face.  When he grabbed them and sucked the nipples into his mouth she nearly came on the spot.

"OK, that's enough.  See that guyover there in the next row, go over and jerk him off until he spunks over your tits. Collect it all on your tits and leave it exactly where it lands."

Miss Simpson knelt down between the man's legs planted a little kiss on the end of his cock and started to jerk him off.  The man was so excited he reached for the cock of the man next to him and started to jerk him off.  Miss Simpson's right hand worked the fat cock up and down and her left hand cradled his balls.  He slumped forward in the chair, spreading his knees far apart.  Terry ordered the guide leader to stick her finger up his arse and manipulate his prostate gland. As she did this, the man shot his load - great wads of white cum scudded out of his cock in ribbons, and she directed the stream over her firm ripe tits, just as Terry ordered her to. It ran down between her tits as well as over both nipples. 

When he stopped shooting, the guy next to him was just about ready and he grabbed Miss Simpson's tunic and pulled her towards him.  He also came over the guide leader's tits, his hot white slime mixing with the first guy's.

Terry ordered Miss Simpson to stand on the stage, leaving her tits exposed.  A gob of spunk dangled from one nipple and there was sperm everywhere on her upper body, from her neck to her belt.

"That's nice, Miss Simpson.  I want you to leave that there all evening," Terry told her. "Now, while we all watch, I want you to rub that sperm into your skin - smear it all over your tits, then lick your fingers clean."  She did this, amid much ribald comment from the men in the audience. Terry decided that MissSimpson was rather liking being made to perform for all these total strangers, thus confirming his theory. Throwing caution to the wind, he ordered her to start the act he had worked out for her.

"Lift up your skirt for us ... higher ... I want to see your panties ... now stroke your pussy through your panties ... they're wet in the crotch aren't they" he said,  "now turn around so we can see your arse ... pull your panties down to your knees ...  bend forward at the waist and pull your arsecheeks apart ... wider ... pull them woman, until they hurt! ... that's better. Now stick your finger in your bum hole ... finger-fuck your arse ... stand up and turn around so we can see your cunt ... keep your dress up high, woman ... spread your legs so we can see it properly ... pull the lips apart ... now stuff three fingers up your hole and masturbate."

While she masturbated on the stage in front of the group of strangers, Terry commented on her body: "Don't you like the way her tits stand up firm and proud? ... Look everybody, look at the way the sperm is drying on them and getting nice and sticky ... look at her cunt sucking on her fingers - I think she wanks like this a lot ... I bet she plays with the cunts of the girl guides she looks after on those guide camps ... (Miss Simpson blushed at this point, Terry knew he'd hit on a nerve then) ... I think we all ought to root the arse off her - try to fill her cunthole right up with spunk, what do you think guys?"

There was a roar of approval, and three guys rushed up onto the stage and grabbed her. They dragged her off the stage and lay her on the floor in front.  Two men each grabbed an ankle, another grabbed herarms and they stretched her open. Her wet spasming cunt gaped. Miss Simpson was beyond all reason at this point.  She was orgasming at the very excitement of being so dirty in front of so many strangers and she couldn't wait to feel a cock up her cunt. She didn't have long to wait. Knowing that Miss Simpson was getting off on the rape fantasy, Terry made sure someone was holding her spreadeagled, her legs almost at right angles to her body so her pussy was stretched wide. He ordered the guys to line up and one fell on top of the panting girl- guide leader.  His prick eased straight into her fuckchannel and he wasted no time.  He immediately fucked her as though it was a race and his life depended on winning.  Miss Simpson shouted her encouragement loudly - "Fuck me you bastard, fill my cunt with spunk," she ranted. "Rape me, rape me, give me your huge cock!!"

As soon as the guy shot his cum into her, he pulled his cock out, wiped it clean on her pubic hair and another guy climbed on for his turn up her.  It slipped up her cunt, lubricated by Miss Simpson's streaming cunt juice and her fucker's spunk and he fucked her urgently too.

Terry could see the gang-fucking of Miss Simpson was going to take all night and he wanted to see the rest of the show that filthy little slut Kelly had arranged, so he called for the guys who weren't involved in actually holding the bucking guide leader  or in fucking her to take their seats again so the show could continue.

"You can all get a turn on her, just come up when her cunt's unoccupied and fuck away, but we want to get the show on the road. She'll be here to fuck until morning so there's no hurry. Besides, if there's fucking going on just here in front of the stage, it'll add to the erotic tableau Kelly here's got organised for us all."+But for the four guys holding Miss simpson and the one man screwing her palpitating cunt, all the others sat down, their hard cocks pointing at their chins.  They all badly wanted a fuck but could see the logic of Terry's argument.

Tracey's dad came back onto the stage and announced the next act, to be introduced by Tracey herself.

"Hi everyone," she began, "are you all feeling horny?"

"YEAH!!" came the raucous reply.  If they weren't before, they would be now.  Tracey was wearing black high-heeled shoes, a gold bracelet on one ankle, a gold chain around her middle, and a couple of gold bracelets on her wrists. Nothing else.  Her tits still looked like those of a fourteen year old and her nipples were erect and glistening;  her cunt was totally hairless and looked like a very young girl's and it too was glistening.  Terry had seen it in action in those videos and knew it was quite capable of taking any cock in the room, and probably would before the night was over!  HE guessed Tracey hadn't just been standing around in the wings waiting for her turn on stage.  He reckoned she'd been fucking her father or someone, or at least warming up her twat with a dildo.

"Well you'll enjoy what we've got for you now.  I'd like to introduce my brother Todd to you now."

A huge teenage boy came onto the stage, completely naked, and sporting a huge dangling cock that reached half way down his thighs.  Some of the men gasped at the sight of it. Todd was certainly well-built. He looked like he pumped iron every day, he was muscle bound with huge chest andarms, and his thighs looked like hams they were so big. There was not an ounce of fat on the guy.  What a specimen of manhood!

"Todd is very strong," Tracey continued,  "and we're going to show you just how strong he is now."   At a signal from Tracey, her father started the background music and Tracey began working on him.  She rubbed her crotch up and down his leg and pressed her hard tits against his chest.  She took wonderful liberties with her hands, feeling his arse and balls, sticking her fingers into his mouth for him to suck, and finally wanking him gently.  As his cock started to swell, she fell to her knees and sucked on it ravenously.

"This is a lovely tasty cock," she announced, and I'd like to suck him off for you, but we've got other things to show you."

She lay him on the stage on his back, held his cock vertical and squatted over it.  Slowly, her cunt slid over the huge prick until she was sitting on him, her legs spread apart and her cunt stretched wide by its huge girth.

"This is how we do exercises in our family," Tracey said. While his cock was imbedded in his sister's cunt, Todd started to exercise.  He did a few sit-ups, kissing her ear and lying down again,  leg-raising with her lying on top of him, cunt snuggled around his throbbing monster organ. Then he flipped  Tracey onto her back without pulling out of her pussy and proceeded to do thirty press-ups with only his cock touching her.  She orgasmed loudly as he completed the twenty-seventh.

Then Todd pulled his huge glistening cock out of his sister's cunt and called forBrigitte who bounded onto the stage and was met with a round of applause.  She was a tiny slip of a girl, no more than twelve years old but very small.  She was totally naked.   Her tits were just budding mounds but her nipples were standing up fine and proud.  Her cunt had no hair on it, but was red and puffy with arousal and the juice glistened on her little slit. Terry's cock twitched again at the sight of her and the two girls playing with him squeezed it gently in reply.  He wormed his fingers a little further into their twats and touched his thumbs to their bumholes.  Both girls pushed back involuntarily against his invading thumbs and encouraged him to go further.

"This is Brigitte," said Todd to the interested lecherous group, "and she lives next door to us.  She and I exercise most afternoons as we're going to show you now."

Todd stood Brigitte in front of him facing the audience, and with her back to him.  He took her left hand in his left hand to steady her and put his right hand between her legs.  Three of his enormous fingers spread her little cunt and worked their way into her hole and then he lifted her up.  Terry could hardly believe what he was seeing - she was sitting on his fingers alone, and he was lifting her just like she was some kind of sexy barbell.  Todd started to do an exercise that was designed to work his chest and arm muscles, but might as well have been designed to exercise her cunt.  He lifted her from his waist level to his shoulder height ten times  before lowering her gently to the ground and doing the same thing with the other hand.  Brigitte plainly enjoyed having his fingers up her cunt because she egged him on as he exercised.

"Now here's one for the back and shoulder muscles," he said.  He flipped her upside down so she was standing on her hands and her long dark hair was draped on theground.  She was facing him, so Terry could see the firm roundness of her arse and longed to feel it for himself. Todd held on to her ankles and lifted her off the floor. Using the huge strength of his arms, chest and back, he stretched his arms out to the side, at the same time opening her legs and lifting her higher. Holding his arms out, he lifted the girl until her slit was touching his mouth and he licked her.  At the same time she kissed his cock and started to suck him off. Immediately Todd lowered her to the floor again, then repeated the exercise.  Lift, slurp, suck, and down.  Terry was amazed at the plain strength of the boy, but assumed if he, Terry, had been able to do those exercises when he was a teenager he'd have probably been just as strong.  "What a pleasant way to exercise.  What a neat way to suck a cunt, or to get your cock sucked," he thought. "And such a pretty cunt at that!"

For his next show of strength, Todd spun the tiny girl right side up again and lifted her above his head rather like the way a ballet dancer lifts the ballerina above his head - with his hands under her thighs while she does the splits.  Only the difference in this case was that both 'dancers' were nude, and sexually aroused.

Todd held Brigitte above his head while she reached down and pulled her cunt open for him.  She pushed a couple of fingers up her twat, her little tits jiggling slightly as she swayed trying to keep her balance.  Todd's head was tipped back so he could see right up her slot as she finger fucked herself and Terry wished he could swap places with the lucky stud.  Slowly, Todd lowered the girl onto his mouth, her cunt stretched wide, both by the way she wasdoing the splits above him and by her fingers pulling on the lips.  Slurp went his tongue in the schoolgirl's slit and she squealed in delight.  Todd lifted her above his head, then down again for another slurp at her.  He did his terrific version of the "snatch and jerk" ten times before the young slut orgasmed.  She nearly fell to the ground as she came.

For the finale, Todd held the girl around her slender waist while she gripped her toes. She was pulling her legs to the sides so she was doing the splits again.  Todd gently lowered her onto his cock which was standing up hot and rigid waiting for its reward. Brigitte's cunt enveloped the proud organ and sucked it inside her.  With Todd's immense strength, he was able to lift the girl up and down on his cock, fucking her wonderfully, to the loud applause of the whole dirty group.  While the tumultuous noise continued, Todd paraded around the room weaving in and out of the rows of chairs, pausing to let some of the audience grope them, all the while lifting his tiny fuckstress up and down on his cock as though he was masturbating with her.

Some of the guys stuck their fingers up Brigitte's cunt alongside
Todd's cock, others kissed and licked their genitals as they fucked.  Some preferred to watch them fuck from a distance of a couple of inches. But for three quarters of an hour the Todd put on the most amazing display of strength and sexual power Terry had ever seen.

The lights dimmed and they were gone.  Neil, Tracey's father bounded onto the stage again, his hard cock swayingfrom side to side.  There was a drop of cum on the end of it, and Terry guessed he'd been fucking someone out the back during his son's act.

In front of the stage, Miss Simpson orgasmed as she took the eighth load of spunk up her cunt and another guy climbed on and stuck his dick up her.

"Didn't you think that was the greatest?" he shouted over the din. "Even though I'm talking about my own family, I do think they're the sexiest lot of kids, don't you agree?"

No-one was about to disagree - the show had revolved around the one family so far, and it had been a filthy show of the first order. Terry couldn't wait for the next act.

"We'll be seeing Brigitte back in the show a little later, when you'll all get to have a go at her charms, but first I want to pass on a message from our dirty whore of a Girl Guide leader down here.  She wants to see if she can break my daughter Tracey's record of forty six loads of spunk up her cunt in four hours.  So we must all do our best to accommodate her.  I want you all to have a turn on her before the night's out, and if you can, please line up for a second go.

"Also, after the exhibition is over this evening, Kerry, one of the girls from the netball team, wants to have a cum bath.  She wants a whole lot of guys to stand over her pulling their cocks and completely cover her in spunk.  We'll be doing that in the dining room, so please oblige the lovely girl.

"Now we come to the next part of the show ladies and gentlemen. This is a participation activity, and I want twelve good men with big hard cocks to come up on stage and bring your chairs."  He was stampeded by horny bastards who were by now ready to fuck any damn thing.  Neil thought he'dbetter involve Terry, so he called him up too.  Terry reluctantly pulled his fingers out of the girls who'd been playing with his cock all this time, and walked up on stage to join the others.

Neil explained that this was a variation on the children's party game "Pass the Parcel", but in this case, they were going to pass a young girl around the circle, and each time the music stopped, the person who was holding her at that time got to take off a garment.  When she  was totally naked, the guy who was holding her got to take her to the side of the stage and fuck her while the others continued the game with another girl.

Neil called for the game to begin and a pretty girl with short dark hair in a netball uniform came on to the stage, and stood in the centre of the circle waiting for the music to start.  When it did start, she fell on Terry's lap and he lifted her, passing her onto the next guy.  She was passed around the room until suddenly the music stopped.  The guy whose lap she was on, leapt up and started pulling on her T-shirt. The girl's firm tits bounced into view and as he fondled them briefly, she held his cock.

"Come on, there'll be plenty of time for that later.  You won't find any of these girls are reluctant to play.  Let's get on with the game."  And the music started.  Terry was holding her when the music stopped next.  

"Fuck taking her skirt off," thought Terry, and he lifted her skirt and pulled off her panties.  He got his finger into her cunt before Neil insisted the game continue.  As the music continued and she was passed around the circle, hands were going into placesnice girls didn't let hands go, and her lips were brushing the cocks as she passed over them. By the time she was completely nude, quite a few of the guys had shot their cum onto the stage, and Terry thought the game was in danger of getting out of control.

Finally, her last sock was pulled off, and the music started again.  There was a lot of tension in the air as the horny naked schoolgirl was passed from man to man around the circle.  When it stopped, the guy holding her shouted in triumph and leapt to his feet.  He threw the girl onto the floor and promptly stuffed his swollen cock into her juicy cunt and rooted her.

Meanwhile, Miss Simpson was being fucked for the eleventh time.

The game continued just as before, only this time there were three girls being passed round the circle.  By the time they were naked, there was a lovely pile of discarded clothes in the centre of the circle and then four girls were being fucked at the side of the stage.

In the audience all this time, most of the group were either openly masturbating, pulling on each other's cocks, or molesting the girls who were supposed to be acting as waitresses.  They all had their panties either completely off or pulled down their legs and everywhere they walked amongst the men they had hands reaching up their short skirts and touching their pussies.  Not that they minded, though.  It was obvious that they wanted the show to end and the serious screwing to start.

After the four dirty netball players had each taken a loadof spunk up their cunts, Neil called a halt to the game, and the girls stood on stage with cum dripping from their cunts and acknowledged a round of noisy applause.

"Now we're going to play a variation of that game only this time everyone's going to play." This news was greeted with a cheer that Terry thought must surely bring the neighbours over to see what was going on.

Neil brought all the other girls on stage, all forty or so of them.  He commanded everyone to stack their chairs at the side of the room so there was plenty of room for the game.  Next, he put the men in a big circle standing facing inwards.  

It was a wondrous sight, Terry thought, all those rock hard pricks standing up in a circle like that. He wondered what it would look like if they all came at once and shot their sperm into the centre at the same moment.

Next, Neil put the girls in a circle inside the men. 

"Girls, each grab hold of a cock, so we can check we have the right numbers.  Is there an even number of girls and  guys?  He adjusted the numbers slightly, pulling girls out of the circle until there were the same numbers of each.  Terry wished he had a camera - all these young girls in school uniform, guide uniform, leotards, all those sexy clothes he had so often wished he could get his hands on and here they all were!  Ready and willing to play some dirty game and no complaints!

"Now, while the music plays, all the guys walk around the circle to their left, and the girls walk around to their left."  The sound system pounded forth a country song, and the whole huge group of horny individuals walked around in the circle in opposite directions. The music stopped and Neil hadnew instructions.

"Girls, introduce yourselves to the man in front of you, give him a nice wet passionate kiss, and then ask him to take off a garment."

You could hear the heavy breathing from the front gate as the ninety horny people exchanged kisses and the girls fondled the cocks.   Then there was a shower of blouses and t-shirts into the middle of the room as the first of the garments came off.  

Terry looked at the girl in front of him with unbridled lust.  For the sexy little thing, no taller than his shoulder, was wearing only a lycra gymnastics leotard.  He pulled her close to him and could smell the delicious girly smell of her perfume.  Her small body brushed his cock and she took hold of it with both hands.  Terry reached behind her for the zip and fumbled with it until it slid down her smooth back.   Standing back a little to get a good look at the girl, he gradually peeled the flimsy garment from her flawless body.  She pulled her arms out of the sleeves, and it fell down past her tiny tits, their nipples sticking out invitingly.  He peeled it down past her tummy button and stopped.  As he fell to his knees, he surveyed the charming prize in front of him. She was perfect, and was going to be a truly delectable woman.  He kissed her belly, licked her navel, then continued to strip her.  He pulled the leotard downward slowly, savouring the delights that were being exposed to his view.  Her budding mound came into view, with a sparse covering of pubic hair, not more than a year old.  Her cunt lips were still just like a little girl's, the lips all puffy and tidy, but he could detectquite a lot of cunt juice both by the glistening on her cuntlips and by the unmistakable musky smell of her crotch.  He pulled the leotard to her feet and she stepped out of it, and Terry threw it onto the pile of clothes in the middle of the room.

The other gymnasts and the girls in one piece swimming costumes were all now naked, and their new-found friends wasted no time in touching their hot slimy slits.

The music started again and round they all walked, this time more excited and walking slightly quicker.  This time, when the music stopped, no one needed any instructions. The pairs introduced themselves then fell on each other sucking avidly on each others' tongues.  The men all pawed the girls little tits, and the girls all fondled the men's cocks.  There was a shower of skirts and the music began again.  

This time, when the music stopped, a few people orgasmed, shouting and panting as the fingers and tongues found the places that did the trick.  When the clothes poured into the centre of the room, the only girls wearing anything at all were a few of the girls still wearing shoes and socks from their uniforms.   Neil and Terry were in the special clothes chosen for them by Kelly, but some of the men still had their shirts on.  Neil had all the men strip naked.  

"Girls, please leave your shoes and socks on for the rest of the evening, I think it makes you look sexier like that don't you, guys?"  There was general agreement to that, so now the serious stuff could begin.
"Now we're going to play the same game again, but with a variation. This time, the lights will be out, it will be totally dark.  You will all walk around the room just as you did before, but this time guys when the music stops, you must grab the girl in front of you, lay her down on the floor, spread her legs and lick her cunt."

The lights went out, and the darkness was absolute.  Kelly must have prepared the room well, because not even a chink of light showed through the curtains.  The music started and they all walked around in the circle again.  Terry thought "this must be the ultimate in anonymous sex - we won't even know what our partner looks like, let alone what their name is.  As they walked around, Neil added a new rule,

"Girls, you mustn't make any noise while he's sucking your cunt, the whole idea is he won't know whose pussy he's eating."

The music stopped and Terry reached for the girl in front of him.  She was short, the top of her head only about up to his shoulders.  His hands travelled down over her silky hair, went behind her head and pulled her towards him.  He felt her head tilt upwards and guessed she was eager to be kissed.  As their mouths met, her fingers fumbled between Terry's legs and she gently bounced his balls in the palm of her hand.  As they kissed, gnawing at each others' mouths, Terry's hands wandered down her smooth back to her tight buttocks.  He felt her press her body against his, and her small tits squashed against him. He pulled gently at her arsecheeks and she pushed back, opening her anus up for his probing finger.

Terry fell to his knees, and as he guided his girl onto her back on the floor, she opened her legs wide for him.  He touched his lips to her tits, and as he sucked on them she moaned quietly.  By the soundof her voice and the feel of her body, Terry felt she was one of Kelly's classmates.  She couldn't have been older than thirteen he thought, but of course he didn't know for sure.

His mouth travelled down her belly, licking and tasting as he went, and as he reached her mound he got a pleasant surprise.  She was completely hairless there, and her cunt was positively reeking with the odour of feminine arousal.  All around him were the sounds of people in anonymous sexual activity, cunts all streaming juice onto eager lapping tongues.  Girls  were orgasming everywhere, and his own little cunt squeezed his tongue deliciously.  He massaged her cuntlips with his mouth, and probed her bumhole with his middle finger.  Terry wished he knew what this little tramp looked like, because he wanted to have some more time up her later on.

Then Neil spoiled the game by calling them to a halt.  

"That's enough of that you filthy perverts.  It's time to go on to the next part of the game."

It was still pitch black, and there were cries of protest, but the music started and Terry reluctantly bid farewell to his small hairless cunt, whoever she was, and walked on around the circle.  As they walked, Neil explained the rules of the next part.

"This time, guys you are to stand absolutely still, holding your cocks straight out in front of you.  Girls you will fall straight to your knees, and without touching the man with any other part of your body, you will lick his balls, up his cock and suck him off until I tell you to stop.  Once again, thereis to be no coaching, no talking, and no identifying each other.  This must be completely anonymous."  As the group protested at this, he added, "Don't worry, there'll be plenty of time to fuck with the lights on, it's just that this game works better if you don't know who you're playing with."

The music stopped and Terry held his cock straight out as he had been told.  He felt her hair first, brushing his knees as she sought out his hard shaft. Then he felt her warm breath on his right hip as she found him, slightly off to the wrong angle.  She licked his belly, and worked her way towards his groin.  She kissed and slobbered her way over his hand and under his cock to his balls.  Terry took his hand off his cock and pushed his finger up his arse.  He thought he'd leave his prick to the obviously practised talents of the girl in front of him.  The girl's tongue flicked his ballsac and she sucked one of his balls into her mouth.  Then she sucked the other one.  Next she licked and sucked her way to the top of his cock, her long, agile tongue coating Terry's prick with her saliva.

When she sucked his cock in, and plunged downwards Terry couldn't hold back any longer. He felt his cockhead swell and the sap rising from his  balls and travelling up his cock. The girl sucking him could feel it as well, and she sucked him even harder.  Her mouth felt like a hot wet piece of velvet, and her tongue flickered back and forth.  Terry thought it felt like she had a mouth full of butterflies.  His spunk shot out of his cock into her mouth, and she gulped it down as fast as he shot it into her. He thought she was probably feeling herself, and thought she might be cumming as well, but he had no way to know.+When he finished, he noticed that there were gulping sounds all round the room and Terry knew a lot of the guys had cum in the mouths of the girls who were sucking illicitly on their cocks. The girl in front of Terry held his cock in her mouth as his orgasm subsided, and just as it started to soften, Neil entered the act again.

"Well, I think some of you couldn't manage to hold back that time, could you.  I think quite a few girls got a nice mouthful of sticky sperm then. Everyone walk around the room a while, and we'll turn on the lights and take a look at who shot their load and who didn't."  

They walked about half-way round the circle, and Neil turned the lights on.  Terry saw several of the girls with spunk down their fronts, over their faces and tits.  HE thought they looked most inviting like that, and resolved to fuck one of those girls all covered in sperm as soon as he got the chance. When Neil asked for a show of hands, about a quarter of the girls indicated they had been given a fresh dose of spunk into their mouths.  HE wondered if the girls were curious about whose semen they'd been drinking.  

"With this lot of little sluts it probably didn't matter whose cock it was, just so long as it shot spunk," he concluded.

"We have to get all those cocks up and going again girls, so if you're standing next to a man whose prick is starting to droop, please get straight onto it and suck it up again.  The teenager standing next to Terry, about eighteen he thought, fell to her knees and sucked his prick into her mouth. In no time he was standing hard and proud again and ready to stuff it into any hole that opened.

"Alright, everybody, this is the last round of this game, so let's make it count.  This time when the music stops, I want you to fall tothe floor and fuck your arses off."

The music started and Terry walked around in the circle again, his heart pounding.  He hoped he'd get one of the little ones with sperm all over her, but then again he didn't really care who he got, they were all so delectable.   The music stopped for the last time, and he reached for the girl in front of him.   She was short like the first girl.  And she had long silky hair as well. She smelt deliciously feminine, and he wondered if she was actually the same girl.  As he pulled her to him he let his hands explore her body, and he quickly found her tight hairless pussy.  Simultaneously she located his throbbing cock. As his tongue explored her mouth, his fingers explored her slit, and her fingers found his arsehole.

They fell to the floor, writhing and sucking each other in feverish passion, their hands pawing at each other in their rush to get to the magic moment when his cock entered her cuntmouth.  They lay on the floor, the girl opened her legs for him and guided him on top of her.  She reached down and pulled on the head of his cock until it touched her cuntlips.  She was so wet his prick slid into her easily, even though her cunt was very tight. They lay absolutely still, savouring the wonderful moment as their genitals soaked up each others' juices. 

Then they fucked.  Slowly and leisurely, Terry pulled his cock out of her fuckchannel and shoved it in again.  She thrust up at him as they matched their rhythm as though they'd been fucking together for years.

"Would you all like to knowwho you're fucking?" asked Neil in the darkness.  There was a majority vote for yes, so Neil turned the lights on and there was a general gasp as everyone saw who they were in the most intimate embrace with.  Terry was delighted - he'd got his cock into the lovely Brigitte, the twelve year old who'd been screwed so spectacularly by Todd earlier on.

He wrapped his arms around her, and ate hungrily at her mouth in a wild wet kiss as he fucked her spermy cunt.  His cock slid in and out of her, lubricated by her copious cunt juices, as well as the muscle bound Todd's load of sticky sperm.  As Terry fucked his prize, he listened to the noises of untrammelled dirty sex all around him - girls panting and moaning, men grunting, everyone encouraging the others with obscene exhortations like,

"fuck my cunt", "fill me up lover", "your cunt's squeezing my prick", and "here it comes slut, here's my spunk!"

Terry held back as long as he could, but Brigitte's kissing and her fingers playing with his arsehole were more than he could stand.  Just her cunt massaging his cock would be more than enough, but with everything else she did, and the orgiastic sounds and sights all around him, he had to give up and shoot his load into her.

They orgasmed together, and Brigitte pushed her finger up his arse to the second knuckle as he came with a yell.  His spunk gushed out of his cock in a torrent into her clinging silky cunt, mixing with Todd's load and stirring it around. Her cunt walls were coated with the slimy mixture and it oozed out onto her crotch.
At the exact same moment, Miss Simpson, the dirty 22 year old Girl Guide leader was receiving her fifteenth dose of cum up her throbbing cunthole.

As Terry pulled his slippery cock out of Brigitte's hole, trailing a slimy string of sperm across her upper thigh, Neil appeared on stage again.

"Listen everybody," he began to the general complaints of the fucking couples who disliked being distracted just at the critical moment.  He continued unbowed, though. "I know you don't need me to coax you into getting to know each other any more, so I'll just say this and let you get on with the screwing.  Don't forget Miss Simpson's record attempt; if you haven't fucked her yet, please make sure you do before midnight, she needs your cock up her.  And also don't forget Kerry's cum bath. It's been a fantasy of hers for some time and you'll be making a beautiful girl very happy if you can help her out.  Guys, fuck as many of the girls as you can, they're all here for your enjoyment but respect their limits.  Don't stick your pricks where they don't want them.  The only other organised activity we have planned this evening is a giant daisy chain round the pool at midnight.  We think we have enough sexy people here tonight to reach right around the pool, so we want to try and get a photograph of everyone.  In the meantime, eat, drink and be merry, and make use of all the facilities of this wonderful house -  you'll not see as much fresh available cunt as this in a long time!!"

Terry looked around the room. Everywhere he looked there were teenage girls with rigid cocks pounding into their cunts.  The only ones not actually being fucked at that moment were Brigitte, who'd of course just been fucked, and the very young ones who were too little to fuck yet.  There were the two ballet dancers, who'd so charmingly fondled his cock earlieron, and Rachel the nine-year old whose cunt he'd kissed that afternoon, and Tracey's sister aged seven.  They were all watching the screwing with eager enthusiasm, unconsciously rubbing their pussies as they watched, feeling rather left out.

Not being ready to fuck again just yet, Terry thanked Brigitte for the nice fuck, and watched her run over to a group of three men who were looking around for a girl to fuck together, and beckoned to the four young girls.

"Why don't we all go and get some ice cream and leave these dirty people to it?"  he suggested.  The girls nodded, and they trooped into the kitchen.  The two dancers still had their tutus on, and Terry suggested since everyone else was naked, perhaps they'd feel better if they took their clothes off too.  They nodded, but didn't take their eyes off his stiff cock, bobbing up and down in front of him.  Terry quickly unzipped the little girls' dresses and pulled them down their legs.  Then he gently tugged at the waistbands of their panties and pulled them down too.   Now all of the group were nude, and all looking each other up and down in fascination.

As they got their bowls of icecream, Terry learned that all the girls had been involved in sexual activity already. They had been watching their fathers and brothers fuck, either their mothers or their sisters or both, and also the brothers' girlfriends.  In one case, the little girl learnt what fucking was when she heard a commotion downstairs one night, crept down the stairs to see her father and her brother both fucking his girlfriend.  It seemed incest was the norm in this neighbourhood ratherthen an abnormality.  And there were few girls who were still virgins after twelve.  

Anyway, they each told interesting stories about what they'd seen, and each girl said at some stage she couldn't wait until she was allowed to fuck. Eventually, Rachel said she wanted to have a really good look at Terry's cock and she asked him to sit on the table.

He climbed up onto the table and spread his legs wide apart. His cock and balls were neatly displayed in front of the four young girls, and they all fondled him and kissed it. Then the mischievous Rachel slopped a handful of icecream on the head and licked it off. That was a signal for the others, and before he knew what was going on, they were all smearing icecream on his prick and licking and sucking at it.  Terry knew he wouldn't last long with that treatment - four mouths and tongues working him over, so he pushed them off and suggested another game.  He climbed down and had the four girls kneel side by side on the table on all fours, so their arses were sticking up in the air facing him.  Then he spread icecream on their tiny cracks and licked it off. 

He fingered their moist inviting slits and licked their bumholes savouring the taste sensation of cuntcream, arse, and icecream.  He actually made the three older girls orgasm, which made them all very excited.  They suggested that proves they were old enough to fuck, but Terry said he wouldn't fuck them unless their fathers said it was OK.

He left the four girls in the kitchen plotting how to seduce one of the fathers into fucking all of them at one time, and went through into the diningroom to get a drink from the bar.




---------------



As Terry entered the dining room, he was taken with a most fetching sight.  

Kerry was lying in the middle of the dining table, a beautiful highly polished mahogany antique, and a large number of men, about fifteen Terry thought, were gathered around her. They were kneeling on the table beside her, some sitting on her legs so that her toes were fucking their arseholes and one crouching over her face with her tongue slurping on his balls.  None of the men was touching his cock - he didn't need to because there were plenty of young girls around the group to do that for them.  All the men were just kneeling there while either Kerry or one of the other girls jacked them off.  They were all pawing her freely, sticking their fingers into her holes, pulling on her tits, stretching her cuntlips apart, and commenting to each other on her more intimate places. Some were calling on the girls jacking them off to rub their cocks on her.  

Kerry meanwhile was calling for the men to spunk on her, cover her with their cream, and the other girls were egging them on too. She was longing for the first guy to shoot on her, because she knew that would being the others off too. She was behaving like a total slut and whore, showing everyone that her body was open for all to use and abuse, that she really wanted to be in a sperm bath.  She wanted to cover her whole body from head to toe in fresh spunk straight from all these pricks.

The first cock burst and a hot ribbon of white slime hit Kerry on her left tit.  The prick gushed forth its spurts of cock cream and Kerrystarted cumming.  Another prick shot off, then another, then another.  In an instant, Kerry was in a shower of sperm, and her hands were busy spreading it around, smearing it into her face and hair,  into the little folds and crevices and stuffing it up her cunt.  She scooped it up with her fingers and dipped them into her mouth, licking and smacking her chops in delight. The cunt was definitely having the time of her life.   A couple of the guys were so turned on by the sight of the filthy bitch all covered in spunk, their cocks hardened again quickly and they were able to shoot again.

Eventually, the torrent of cum subsided and everyone climbed down from the table leaving Kerry lying there in a pool of cum.  She was a mess! Her hair was matted with the stuff, and it dripped from her fingers as she played with it.  There were little pools of sperm on the table around her, so she rolled around on the table, trying to pick up that too.  By the time she sat up, she had achieved her goal, not a single part of her wasn't smeared with fresh thick white creamy spunk.

She smiled happily at the throng surrounding her and applauding, held out her hands and said,

"Do you like me?  I feel great! Who wants to fuck me now?" She pulled her cunt open, shoved two fingers up her hole and started masturbating.  Two guys thought they'd like to take her up on her offer, and they pushed the filthy spunk smeared slut back onto the table and the first had his cock in her mouth as her head hit the table top.  The other clambered up on the table and was up her cunt like a rat up a drainpipe and fucking her likehe'd been waiting for this all his life.  He moved around on her, rubbing  his chest on her tits, lubricated as it was by all the spunk while one of the other girls played with his balls and arsehole.

At this time, Terry noticed another charming vignette going on at the bar itself.  He left the group round the table and went over to join them at the bar.  As he did so, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Tiffany on her knees by the door taking a load of spunk into her full ripe mouth and fingering her cunt.  The man finished cumming and pulled his cock out of her and at that moment Tiffany saw Terry and smiled at him.  Some of the sperm in her mouth overflowed and ran down her chin but she scooped it up with her fingers and popped it back into her mouth to swallow.  

Terry called her over to join him.  He remembered her as the girl with long blonde hair down to her waist that Kelly had said wanted to get his cock into her cunt.  HE thought he might like to grant her wish.

"Hi," she said with a very alluring smile, "you're Terry aren't you?  I think you're cute, and from what Kelly tells me you know exactly how to use that thing." She pointed to his cock.

Terry had a good look at Tiffany as well.  It was the first time he'd seen her naked, apart from her appearance in the parade and he liked what he saw.  Like Kelly, she was thirteen years old, very slim, firm and youthful, and her hair was one of her most striking features.  It was so long it reached her waist and it was the most gorgeous blonde colour.  She obviously lovedher hair and took great care of it, because it was in perfect condition. It cascaded down her back in fluffy waves, and the way her small tight tits were  framed by the shining tresses falling either side and between them made them look even more beautiful than they would have just on their own. Terry decided he wanted to see how that lovely hair looked spread out on the floor as she lay underneath him.

Tiffany still had the boyish figure of a pubescent teenage girl and the bright eager fresh face of the young virgin - although she plainly wasn't any more a virgin than any other of the girls at the orgy.  

At the end of Tiffany's wonderful hair was a flat, tight belly, firm hips that were just starting to round out and a totally hairless slit that was red and puffy with arousal and sexual activity.  She'd obviously been fucked at least once this evening, because there were traces of sperm on her slim thighs, and her cunt was glistening with moisture.

Terry was so engrossed in the lecherous thoughts that were flooding through his mind about the girl, he almost forgot she'd been speaking to him.

"Hello," she said, a little perplexed that he didn't seem to have heard her, "is there anyone there?"

"I'm sorry Darling, I was just thinking what a pretty girl you are and how I'd like to do lots of dirty things with you."

"Oooh yes, please, I like being dirty.  Will you fuck me Terry, fill my cunt with your cock? Make me do all sorts of filthy sluttish things for you?"

"My God girl, you are even more wonderful than Kelly said.  I like the way you talk.  A woman is more beautiful for me if she behaves like a whore.  Let's spend some time together, but first I'dlike to watch those people there for a minute or two. Why don't you join me for a drink?"

He pointed to the eight people at the bar who'd attracted his attention earlier and led his new-found slut over to where they could watch at very close quarters.

There were three men standing at the bar drinking and talking rather the way men stand and talk at a bar all over the world, except for the fact that these men were naked.

And sporting great hard-ons.

And as they talked, they were being sucked off by three naked teenage girls.  The men were standing there as though nothing unusual was happening, talking about the football or something, with the mouths of these pretty teenagers bobbing up and down on their pricks.  Every few minutes the girls would swap around and exchange cocks, so that they gave the men a chance to relax.  On top of the bar however were two very young naked girls, no more than nine years old. They were lying one on top of the other in a sixty-nine position and the men were fingering their little slots absent-mindedly.   It was amazing to Terry that these guys could be in such a sex charged atmosphere, with girls sucking them, with their fingers up juicy cunts, and be talking to each other as though they were at the club on a Friday night after work.

He and Tiffany fingered each other as they watched.  She stood in front of him and cradled his cock in her arsecrack.  He reached round in front of her and fondled her tits with one hand and reached down to her wet slit with theother.  Tiffany pushed her arse back against his groin and fondled his balls with both hands.

As they watched the amazing display of self control in front of them, Tiffany guided his cock to her tight arsehole and pushed back against it.  This was an unmistakable sign for him to fuck her right then and there, so he obliged.  He pushed back and the head of his prick slid into her anus. She tipped her pelvis forward, giving them a better angle to fuck on and his cock slid into her arse like it was on greased rails.  She squeezed his cock tightly and Terry thought there must be no more wonderful feeling than getting your cock into a strange girl's bum for the first time.  Tiffany was a sexual being like Kelly he decided because she was plainly in her element at this orgy, and her arse had been fucked before.  She knew exactly what to do and how to make sure it didn't hurt.  Not only that, she knew how to make sure it was pleasant for both of them and she enjoyed it visibly.  Terry wondered how many other men this thirteen year-old had fucked, and when she had started.

He let his cock soak in her arsehole while he joined in the conversation with the other men in the small group.  It felt very strange talking about football with his cock up a girl's arse, but very exciting as well.  It made it seem even more casual and promiscuous than the rest of the sexual activity at this orgy (if that was possible) to be treating this girl like a whore in front of the others.  

As he thrust into her, one of the guys in the group reached between her legs and pushed his fingers into her cunt. Tiffany put one foot up onto achair to give him better access and reached for another man's balls. Terry felt elated at the way his visit had resulted in such an all-out orgy, and he fucked Tiffany's arse joyfully as the man fingered her cunt.

She showed what a total slut she was when she said to the man (whose name she didn't know),

"Why don't you fuck your cock into my cunthole while Terry's up my bum?  I've always wanted to be in a sex sandwich."

The guy thought that was a great idea and pushed away the young schoolgirl who was sucking his cock so he could line it up on Tiffany's wet pussy.  

Because Terry and the man were about the same height, they decided to try it standing up, with Tiffany suspended between them. Terry put his arms around her, holding her tits firmly and Tiffany spread her legs wide.  She was now suspended in the air, sitting on Terry's cock, her cunt split open wet and waiting to be speared onto the invading prick.

The man approached the waiting girl, holding his rigid cock in one hand and still fingering her cunthole with the other.  His cock had a drop of pre-cum oozing out of the slit, and there was saliva all over it making it glisten beautifully.  It slid into Tiffany cleanly and without pause, and the whore came instantly.  The girl who'd been sucking the man's cock had nothing to do now, so she joined the men in fingering the two young cunts on the bar.  For her trouble she got two hands between her legs and male fingers up her own cunt.    She liked it, because she put her left leg right up onto the bar so they would have plenty of access to her.

Terry, his cock responding to the stimulation of the other man's cock up Tiffany's cunt, thought he'd better introduce himself tothe guy.

"I'm Terry, by the way.  It's good to meet you."  He held out his hand.

"I'm Nick," he said, shaking Terry's hand vigorously. "I'm told you had a part in organising this bloody party, is that right?"  They were talking again as though there wasn't a beautiful thirteen year old slut hanging on their thrusting cocks.

"Yeah, I've been screwing Kelly, the girl who lives in this house all weekend and she wanted to throw the party for me.  I can't believe how filthy all the girls are in this neighbourhood.   It seems there isn't a girl for miles around who lasted past twelve as a virgin.  All of them are fucking their fathers or brothers."

"I know," Nick answered as his cock slammed back into Tiffany's pussy, "and they're all so beautiful.  I think I might move out here.  It must be fun to live around here.   I'm a schoolteacher, and the high school must be a real blast to work at.  I might even pay them to work there!  Hey tell you what," he added, "I've got an idea.  Why don't we stand still and bounce the slut up and down, see how that goes?"

"Yes, Yes!" screamed Tiffany, cumming for the umpteenth time, "fuck me, fuck me, fill my cunt, screw my arse, give me your cum you fucking bastards!!"

They held onto the spasming girl round the middle, stood up stiff and straight, and picked the girl up until she nearly popped off their hot rods.  Then they dropped her. She was simultaneously speared in the arse and cunt, stopping her descent justbefore her toes touched the floor.  Then they pulled her up again and dropped her once more.  Each time, her clitoris slammed onto the root of Nick's rock hard prick and she came again, her holes contracting forcefully and milking the cocks that were piercing her in the most intimate way.

The two desperate fuckers kept up the pace until finally they shot their loads together. Terry felt Nick's cock through the thin membrane twitching and spurting as his own did the same.  He filled Tiffany's rectum with his semen, letting it soak his cock and ooze out of her hole onto his crotch, just as Nick did the same.

Then they noticed the applause.  While they'd been pre-occupied screwing the teenager, quite a crowd had gathered to watch them in their athletic fucking.  The general consensus was that Tiffany was a clever girl to stay on such an advanced coupling and some of the others tried it as well.

Meanwhile, in front of the stage, Miss Simpson was still being held down, still shouting out for more guys to fuck her cunt, and was waiting for the twenty-third guy to climb on top of her and stuff his cock into her slot.  There was now a queue of men standing in line for a turn up her, so she was being fucked almost constantly.



---------------



Terry was starting to tire now. He'd been fucking almost continuously for more than 24 hours, and even the total erotic atmosphere wasn't reallydoing it for him now.  He was having to work quite hard to get his cock up.  So he decided to have a rest for a while.  

Terry heard one of the guys at the bar grunt as he shot his cum into a girl's mouth, then he watched the man pull it out, wipe it clean on her face and without saying a word to the girl he turned to his friend and say,

"I heard there's a couple of cunts downstairs all tied up and being fucked by all cummers.  Let's go down and take a look at that."

"Great!" said his friend, pulling his cock out of his girl. "Let's go."

They walked downstairs, and Terry led the two young teenage schoolgirls who'd been left alone down the stairs behind them.

In the dungeon, they saw Angelica and Cindy in their element.  Both women were covered from head to foot in white scum.  Angelica was tied up in the rack where Kelly and Terry had pissed on her and six guys were giving it to her while half a dozen teenage girls played with their crotches. Angelica had a man up her cunt fucking his heart out, while he had a man up his arse, and both of them were enjoying having a girl handling their balls.  Her arsehole was stretched wide around the handle of a whip someone had left there in the frenzy.  She had a cock in each hand, a cock between her tits and one in her mouth.  Her tits were being held around his cock by another girl who was letting the men finger her cunt as they fucked.

Terry put his arms around his two girls and pulled them against his body.  Automatically almost, they both reached for his cock and started to wank him.  Despite all his weariness, his prick started to grow once more.  He reached behind the girls and pushed the middle finger of each hand up their arses.  Both girls pushed back against him and cried out indelight, encouraging him to go on. 

While they watched the mini orgy going on around Angelica, the man who had her grasping right hand started to cum.  His cock shot spunk at least three feet into the air, splattering the others in the throng, who didn't stop what they were doing at all.  In fact the shot of spunk seemed to egg them on to even greater heights.  

When everyone had finished spunking on and in Angelica, and had climbed off her scum covered body, the two girls with Terry were both surprised to see who was at the centre of the knot of sex they'd just watched, but it didn't stop them squeezing Terry's cock gently.

Terry announced that he felt like a piss and invited his two girl friends to help him out. They were a bit puzzled as to quite what he meant by that, but they were game for anything, so they were ready for what happened next.  Terry stood beside Angelica's head, told the girls to point his cock at the filthy society whore, and he started to piss on her. 

The two girls squealed with delight at this game, and the others in the room joined in the fun.  One of the girls who'd been playing with the fucker's balls jumped up onto the table, spread her legs, pulled her cuntlips open and let her bladder go all over Angelica's cunt.  A couple of the guys saw the fun as well and pissed on Angelica's tits. Angelica was screaming in her orgasm as the yellow fluid cascaded over her.

While Angelica was taking a shower of piss in the basement, Miss Simpson was feeling her thirty fifth cockslide into her spermy quim, squelching into the copious amounts of semen that now flooded out of her onto the floor.  She was still screaming out for the guys to rape her living out her fantasy of being gang raped.  For her, it was important to be held down and every time they let her legs and arms go she called out for them to grab her again.   She'd had so many orgasms she was near to unconscious with exhaustion.

At the same time, Kelly was busy on her hands and knees in the living room with a raging prick up her cunt and her mouth firmly fixed to her friend Brigitte's pussy, sucking out a load or two of fresh cum.  Tracey was holding her arse open for a man to lick while she sucked off another guy, and Kerry, still covered from head to foot in sticky, hardening spunk was being fucked turn and turn about by three guys who were having a game of sort of musical chairs on her.  Every couple of minutes they would shout out "CHANGE" and the guy up her cunt would have to pull out and let another guy up her.

In Kelly's parents' bedroom it was a total free-for-all.  There must have been twenty people in there, all naked and aroused, fucking and sucking each other in random combinations.  Neil walked in to see what was going on and a guy grabbed him by the cock and sucked him into his mouth.  He sucked on it for a minute or so as Neil watched his son screwing his huge cock into a pretty sixteen year old girl's arse while she sucked off one of the men.  As soon as Todd pulled his prick out of the girl, creamy with his cum, Neil jumped on the bed and rammed his cock up the girl.
Everywhere in the house there were scenes of sexual debauchery. The living room was the biggest crowd, with a huge knot of screwing men and girls moving from hole to hole at random.  No one bothered to introduce themselves any more, just see a cunt open and available and stick your cock into it was the rule.

In the bathroom, the two nine year-old ballerinas, still naked, were holding the cocks of the guys who went in there for a piss. They'd hold the pricks while the guy pissed, playing the stream of piss over their hands and bodies and then sucking the guy to a rock hard erection.  Once he was good and stiff again, they'd ask the man to suck their slits, or they'd stand astride him and piss onto his cock, or get him to rub his cock on their bodies until he shot his load. They were still unfucked, but that was really only a technicality - they'd got involved in just about every other kind of depravity that was to be found at this orgy.

Jake, Terry's friend from the Club-X had been having the time of his life.  He'd started off by getting one of the waitresses to jack him off onto the floor while he watched the show.  He figured that's what all the guys did in his cinema, so now it was  his turn. Then he'd fulfilled his promise to fuck Kelly, then he'd had two turns up Miss Simpson's twat and held her ankles while three other guys had a go in her.  He was walking along the hall towards the stairs, thinking he might go up and see what was going on there, his rigid prick swinging from side to side when he spied two men coming out of a room off to the side.

He looked in and saw a lovely chinese girl sitting on the floor. Like most teenage asian girls, she looked like a little doll, but based on the ages of the other girls at the orgy, Jake assumed she was in her early teens.   She had sperm on her chin and her miniature tits and she was rubbing her fingers inthe mess and licking them clean.  She had her knees drawn up under her chin and Jake could see her dark cunt peeping out at him between her thighs.  She had very little hair on her slit, and it looked very inviting to him.

"You're very pretty, what's your name?" he said.

"Hello, I'm Roxanne," she replied, looking directly at his throbbing cock which was right at her eye level. 

"You look so pretty I think I'll fuck you.  Lie back and pull your cunt open," he commanded.

Without a word, she spreadeagled herself alluringly across the floor, with one hand she spread her cuntlips and the other she held up to him as an invitation.  Jake looked at the young girl spread out in front of him and licked his lips greedily.  He couldn't believe his luck at being invited to such an amazing party and he proposed to make the most of it.  And now here he was with a luscious little asian girl opening her cunt up for him.

Jake fell to his knees between her widespread legs and ran his hands over the brown body lying there.  He touched her slender ankles, and caressed her as he moved up.  Her legs felt smooth and firm to his touch.  As he slowly ran his fingers up her calves past her knees and onto her thighs he felt her shudder in anticipation of delights to come.  When he reached her upper thighs, he jumped over her crotch, much to her chagrin and dipped his fingers into the puddle of sperm on her stomach.  Jake squished his fingers around, finger painting on her stomach and chest, making sure he paid special attention to her tits.  
Roxanne's breathing quickened as Jake put his spermy fingers into her cunt and pushed until he could feel her cervix.  She was dripping wet and the walls of her cunthole squeezed his fingers.  HE pulled out of her hole again and offered her his fingers to suck clean.  She slurped on them like a small boy sucks on a lollipop.  All the time she was holding her cunt wide open for him.

Finally he couldn't wait any more and he lay down on her spermy body, slithering back and forth on top of her a couple of times.  She reached for his prick and guided it into her and he thrust his rigid organ up her cunthole in a single stroke.  At the same time he thrust his tongue into her mouth and they ate each other hungrily.

Leisurely, they ground away at each other, fucking with slow and steady strokes, their tongues intertwining and moving back and forth in time with their genitalia.  As Jake's climax approached,  Roxanne's hands became more mobile, she scratched her fingernails on his back and fingered his arsecrack.  One of her long fingers found its way into his arsehole and she started to moan at him,

"Fuck me mister, give me your prick, make me cum. Cum in my cunt, give me your spunk, FUCK FUCK FUCK MY CUNT!"

His cockhead expanded as the blood rushed to it, his balls contracted and the semen gushed along his fucking, thrusting shaft, out the piss-slit and into her waiting teenage vagina.  He kept fucking her until his balls were empty, then he lay quietly on top of the girl as his cock stopped it delicious spasming and her cunt gradually stoppedcontracting on it.  Slowly, his cock softened until it slipped out of her wetly, dripping their juices onto her thigh.

"Thanks Roxanne, you're a terrific fuck.  You must come round to my place one night and I'll get my two brothers round. I know they'd like to try your tight little asian cunt out too.   We can have a little party of our own, fucking all night. How does that sound?"

"Only if my brother and sister can come too, as chaperones.  I'm not supposed to be out late at night on my own you see.  Would that be OK?" she answered breathlessly.

"Do they like to play sex too?"

"Oh yes, we fuck all the time, and they're here tonight.  You'll like them."  They made a date for the following weekend, and Jake started to formulate dirty plans for Roxanne and how he could get the most out of the three willing youngsters.

  

While Jake was stuffing Roxanne's cunt and Angelica was showering in piss, Kim was in the basement dungeon too, hanging in the sling. She was enjoying her evening as well.  She hadn't had so much fun since she disembarked from her father's ship a month ago.  That had been a constant orgy of sex and depravity [This story is related in a following series of letters to come soon, stay tuned for it!!] and she had been missing the endless random sexual couplings until now. At the moment, a group of guys had her slung upside down, her legs spread so wide it started to hurt and her hands pulled out to her side.   They had lifted her up so that her mouth was just at the right height to suck their cocks, and that meant her cunt was just at head height as well.  They were taking it in turns to stick their cocks into her mouth and lick her cunt, while the guys waiting would put their cocks into her hands tofondle.

As Kim sucked and swallowed their cocks, they laughed and commented about her, saying what a juicy cunt she had, what fleshy labia she had, how hot her mouth was and so on. One after another the men stuck their cocks into her mouth, fucked her face, and made her swallow their hot sperm while they ate her cunt. She was powerless to stop them doing anything they liked, but she wasn't of a mind to object anyway.  Kim was a slut of the first order and loved to do anything dirty or perverted.  Her father and his filthy shipmates had seen to that.  These guys could make her suck them off all night if that's what they wanted it was OK by her.

Terry's turn came around to be sucked off by Kim and he stepped in front of her.  She had cum on her face from the last guy but he didn't worry about that.  She opened her mouth for him and he pushed his dick into her.  He put his arms around her waist to pull her body tight against his and he felt her round tits against his stomach.

Kim's dirty wet cunt was right in front of his face, stretched wide open and he looked down into it.  He took a deep breath and savoured the musky aroma of sex as Kim's mouth travelled up and down his hard cock.  He dipped his tongue into her twat and tasted the spicy juice he'd had all those hours ago in the afternoon. She really was a dirty piece, this one.  Just the sort for Terry to play with. He must find out where she lives so he can organise a dirty weekend with her, he decided.



---------------+


Terry stirred, heard the birds singing, and opened his eyes in the morning to see the dawn sunlight streaming through the trees at the edge of the property onto the grass.  The red early light and the warm balmy summer air made the whole scene almost unreal. Terry felt a throbbing ache in his groin and he thought he must have strained his cock at some stage of the evening, then he looked down and saw that the reason for the ache was that he had it stuck into a hole dug in a huge watermelon.  Then it came back to him - it wasn't all a dream, he did fuck his cock into the watermelon while the other guy fucked his arse.  It was because of the mass lesbian act they made the girls perform - afterwards the girls all voted that if it was good enough for them to perform for the men, it was good enough for the men to put on an act for the girls. 

"Bloody modern education - teaching them to be all uppity these days," Terry thought to himself as he recalled the group scene they put on. Terry had his cock stuck into the hole in the watermelon while one of the girls held it up.  Then another guy stuck his prick up Terry's bum, then another guy got up him, then another and another, until all the men in the party were joined together.  The girls all shouted obscene comments and encouraged them to fuck away until they all shot their loads.  At the end, they all fell down onto the grass and that's where Terry fell asleep, his cock still in the watermelon.

The last half hour of the orgy was certainly eventful, he recalled.  Neil had gathered everyone around the pool justbefore midnight, and they'd formed a daisy chain - man, girl, man, girl right around the pool and had all sucked and licked away  at each other.  Neil had gone right around the chain with the video camera, making sure he got a good shot of everyone's face just in case there was some trouble later on.

Then they'd organised a fucking race.  All the girls were lined up on the grass, on their knees.  They spread their knees wide, and put their faces on the ground so their pussies and arses were nicely sticking up.  What a wonderful sight it made - fifty naked cunts open and waiting, most with sperm dribbling out of them from the evening's fucking.  They made sure there was a cunt for everyone, then all the men lined up at the other end of the lawn.  When Neil shouted "GO!" they raced across the lawn, cocks slapping their stomachs as they ran, grabbed a girl each and stuffed their cocks into her.  The winner of the race was the first to pull his cock out and shoot spunk over her back. Terry remembered how he missed his girl's cunt completely on the first shove and got into her arse. He fucked her there for the fun of it, before pulling out and screwing her in the cunt.  Terry didn't win the race, but after Jake shot over Linda's back and won the race, he didn't see the point in wasting a perfectly good cunt, and he kept fucking until he finally squirted her with his cum.

For Terry, one of the highlights of the orgy was just after the daisy chain, when Kelly organised  his reward for giving her such a wonderful weekend. (as if the whole weekend wasn't a reward in itself!)  She said she wanted to see how many clits she could get to touch Terry at the same time.  He lay spreadeagled on the grass, while Kelly arranged the girls on him.  She put a girl on each foot, his toes up her cunt, then four girls up each leg, their cunts pulled wide open so their clits rubbed in him.  Then the same on his arms -one on each hand, and four up each arm.  To do this they had to cling tightly together and this caused a lot of squealing and giggling as the teenagers fingered each other and rubbed their bodies together.

Next Kelly put a girl at Terry's head, her legs spread and knees drawn  right up under her chin.  This allowed her to sit at on the grass at the top of his head and press her cunt into his hair.  She said in this position the grass was going up her arsehole and tickling her.  Two tiny girls were on his face, one over his forehead, and the other on his mouth. He was having too much fun by then to count up where the twats were going, but he had them spread across his chest, his stomach, his neck, and Kelly saved the prime spot for herself - she sucked his cock for a couple of minutes before climbing on to great applause, his big dick slipping up her experienced young slot without any difficulty.  When the girls all climbed off again, Terry had shot his load yet again, and he was smeared from head to foot in cuntjuice and cum from the vaginas that had been plastered on him.  Kelly made the girls all lick him clean, saying they were a "filthy lot of fucking sluts to make her darling Terry all dirty and slimy like that."  The feeling of thirty or more tongues all caressing him so intimately was exquisite.

Terry pulled the watermelon off his cock and sat up.  Most of the people had gone home in the early hours of the morning, but a few hardy fuckers were still at it - he saw a teenage girl on the other side of the pool being fucked in a sandwich by two guys - one in her arse and one in her cunt.  Ten feet away a thirteen year old girl lay asleep.  She was lying facing away from himand her legs were wide apart, so he was looking right up her cunthole.  A large dollop of spunk had oozed out of her vagina onto her vulva and Terry could see sperm coming out of her arsehole too.  She had pools of sperm on her stomach and her hair was all matted.  "She must have made a lot of men very happy," he thought.

Terry quietly crawled over to her, making sure he didn't wake her up.  For five minutes he studied the naked form of the teenage schoolgirl and masturbated over her until his sore prick was hard once more.  {Terry's cock had taken so much punishment this weekend, he had thought he'd never be able to use it again, yet here it was rising to the task still!}  

Being careful not to touch her, he crept between her legs on his knees, pointed his prick at her spermy cunthole and pushed.  She opened her eyes sleepily and said,

"Yes, you fucking bastard, fuck my cunt, go on, give me more spunk."  Her arms came around his neck and she fucked him back.  They screwed without urgency until they both orgasmed, then separated again, never knowing the other's name.

Terry walked into the house, looking for Kelly, wondering what she wanted to do about breakfast for the people still left in the house.  He went up to Kelly's bedroom and opened the door.  On top of her bed, he saw the two young ballerinas  either side of a man he didn't know, and they had blood and sperm on their pussies.  The naughty fucking girls had persuaded him to fuck them.  He hoped they hadn't come to any harm - they were very very young tobe screwing a full grown man, even in this district.

There was no Kelly here though, so he looked around the rest of the upstairs and no-one else was there.  He returned to the ground floor and apart from a couple of guys sleeping on the couches in the living room, each with a girl in their arms, no-one else was there either.

He found her in the basement. She had been tied up on the table just as Angelica had been.  She did look delectable there, helpless bound and wide open, but he didn't want to fuck her.  Firstly he'd just fucked a cunt and he wasn't sure how reliable his poor cock was going to be, and secondly he couldn't get at her cunt because Kim, the slut with the arrow tattooed on her mound was tied on top of her.  The two girls were tied up in a sixty-nine position, their mouths right at the other's cunt.  They had obviously been tied there in the early hours of the morning for the entertainment of the dirty men and the bastards had all gone home and left them there.

There was spunk and piss everywhere - over the two girls, the table and dripping onto the floor, and the whole place smelt very depraved.  Terry didn't climb up on the table and stick his cock up the captive Kim's cunt either, because it was already occupied. He stood there quietly and watched as Kim lapped at Kelly's hairless pussy and her slippery cum filled slot was pounded by Bruno, the huge dog who'd obviously seen the opportunity of an open cunt waiting for the taking and had bounded up onto the table and stuck it up her.

Bruno growled as he fucked Kim's oozing pussy furiously and Kelly tentatively put her tongue out to see if she could taste it.  The touch of her tongue made Kim cum instantly, and the contractions of her pussy made the dog fuck even harder.  Unfortunately, his cockslipped out of Kim's vagina and on the next thrust went straight into Kelly's mouth. To her credit, Kelly showed she was resourceful and started to suck on it.  In two more thrusts, Bruno started to cum. His cock swelled and his doggy sperm shot out of his prick in great gushing ropes, filling Kelly's mouth and gurgling down her throat. 

She didn't mind though, in fact she rather liked the taste - dog cum and fresh cunt together. Not many people have actually tried that delicacy.  Kelly sucked and slurped on the fast moving canine organ until Bruno finally came to a halt and hopped off the table.  He trotted over to the side of the room and sat down to lick his cock clean.  

Kelly turned her head for the first time to Terry and smiled at him.  She was a fucking filthy mess, covered in spunk and slime from head to foot, and obviously having the time of her life.

"Hi Terry," she said, "have you come down here for your good morning fuck?  Why don't you fuck this dirty fucking slut here like Bruno just did, and let me have your cum in my face? I'd like that, and this bitch doesn't have any option, she's tied up.  She likes being used anyway.  Come on, stick it into her cunt, it's all slippery from the fucking it's been getting all night."

Terry had another idea, and he kneeled over Kelly's face so that his cock was pointing right at Kim's pussy.  Kelly flicked her mobile tongue over his nuts and Terry shoved it up Kim's cunthole.  Kelly was right, the hole was awash with god knows how many men's spunk and it splashed out as his cock went in.  Kelly yelped excitedly and licked it upeagerly.  Terry fucked it into Kim's wet pussy a few times then pulled out and stuck it into Kelly's waiting mouth. This caused Kim to complain loudly, although what she said wasn't easy to work out - her face was firmly planted in Kelly's crotch where she was sucking and licking as though her life depended on it.

Kelly licked and smacked her lips around Terry's fat dick, cleaning it of the stale cum and Kim's cuntjuice, when Terry said,

"I haven't had a morning piss yet, so here it comes whore. Take it and don't spill a drop!"

Kelly drank all the yellow fluid as  it poured out of his cock in a torrent.  Terry thought it was too clean that way, so in mid stream he pulled his gushing organ out of Kelly's mouth and pointed it straight at Kim's cunt.  The stream of hot piss hit her clit and she came immediately.  It splashed all around her cunt, into her cunthole and over her legs and back.  Kelly, lying underneath her caught what she could as it ran down onto her face and drank it down.  Terry's piss also made Kim orgasm, her cunt contracting strongly squeezing cum out of her hole and mixing with the piss flowing onto Kelly's face.  As the stream of piss started to ebb, Terry shoved his prick back onto Kim's cunthole and filled her pussy up with it.

He climbed down from the table, went round to the other end, where Kim's face was and tapped her on the head with it. She pulled her tongue out of Kelly's slithery slit and looked up.  The instant the slut saw Terry's dick she opened her mouth and he was in.  He fucked her face without any preliminaries - he didn't think there needed to be any wordsor please or thank you or foreplay by this time, just 'suck me off now bitch'.  Kim sucked as Kelly was eating the piss and sperm out of her slit until Terry's hard prick let her have a big load of sperm.  The dirty whore sucked on the spitting prick until there was no more spunk to come out, then she let it go.  

Terry watched her, his cock hardening again as she opened her mouth to show him how she'd kept all his spunk in her mouth.   She played with it, swilling it round her mouth, a little of it spilling out and down her chin, before she let it dribble out and directly onto Kelly's hairless slot.  About half of Terry's hot sperm had fallen onto Kelly's wet crotch when Kim bent down and spat the rest right into Kelly's cunthole.

"Now push it up her, Terry. Look at her little teenage slit all covered in sperm.  Fuck the bitch so your spunk gets shoved up her cunt to her womb.  Then spunk up her again.  GO on, while I watch and she sucks the spunk out of my cunt.  The dirty fucking slut likes that."

Terry never needed any encouragement to fuck Kelly, so he immediately pointed his cockhead at her waiting cunthole and pushed it inside.  The walls of her young cunt moved aside to accommodate the invading manmeat.  His prick had been softening after he had cum in Kim's mouth but as soon as he felt Kelly's cunt around his sensitive skin is hardened again.  As his cockhead collided with Kelly's cervix the root of his prick touched her clitoris, and at the same time Kim's tongue flicked across Kelly's pussy.

Kim sucked and licked at their genitals as Terry gradually pulled his dick out all shiny and wet, then fucked it back in again.  Lazily, Terry rooted his thirteen year old sex slave, his cock sliding in and out of her lubricated by his owncum and that of who knows how many men from the orgy last night plus of course Kelly's ample cunt-cream.

At the same time, at the other end of the table, Kelly was sucking the sexy spunk and piss cocktail out of Kim's cunt which was making the sailor's whore orgasm continuously.

Then Terry came.

He shot his cum up the girl in spurts driven along by his enthusiastic thrusts into her, and encouraged by the shouts and screams of the two bound captives who were on the receiving end of his lust.

When Terry pulled his cock out of Kelly, Kim quickly sucked him clean, smacking her chops as though he'd given a drink to a dying girl in the desert.  He stood back from the table and looked at the filthy display in front of him.

Here were two teenage girls, tied up and spreadeagled with spunk and piss all over them, especially dribbling out of their slits and lapping and sucking at each other's genitals eagerly.  Should he leave them there for a while longer while he wandered around the house looking for more dirty sights? Or should he let them go and take them with him?

He decided to untie the girls and let them shower before heading upstairs for breakfast. Terry didn't shower himself, he preferred the sexy feeling of their juices drying on his cock and he liked the smell of all those cunts on his body. There would be plenty of time to get cleaned up later, before he had to leave this valley of lust and depravity and go home.

Terry lay on the couch in the basement dungeon and dozed off amid the ample smells ofsex that permeated the whole house.  You could smell the cunt from outside there was so much of it about.  He heard the girls giggling and squealing in the shower, so he guessed they were feeling and poking each other merrily.  They eventually emerged pink and clean and sweet-smelling and Kim's cunt was freshly shaven. Terry looked at the two teenage pussies and felt lust welling up in him again.

He took the girls upstairs, feeling their cunts with his fingers as they walked up and for the first time, Terry realised there was a huge mess to clean up.

"Fuck," he said, "we'd better get started on cleaning this place up hadn't we?  We don't want it looking and smelling like a brothel when Uncle John and Aunt Alison get back do we?"

"Don't worry about that, Miss Simpson and Angelica have said they'll do it for us,"  Kelly announced to Terry's amazement. "Or rather I told them they had to, or we wouldn't have them over here tonight for another fucking. They're coming over at ten o'clock to get started."

Kim said, "Did you see that fucking slut girl guide leader last night?  She was letting any fucking prick get up her. At the end, she was screwing them two at a time up her cunt.  It must have hurt, all that fucking.  My cunt starts getting sore after fifteen fucks in a night, she took on fifty eight!   And did you see her when they finally let her go? She was grabbing anything she could find that would fit up her hole and stuffing it up there.  At one stage I saw her sitting on a champagne bottle with cum dripping out of her cunt into the champagne, andsucking off two guys in her mouth at the same time.  Fucking amazing!  Did you get a go on her Terry?"

"Yes, I was number twenty-seven I think.  She was pretty sloppy in the cunt by then, so she must have been lying in a pool of semen at the end of the night."

They walked into the kitchen to prepare breakfast and saw that they were beaten to the punch by the man Terry had seen upstairs in Kelly's bed with the two ballerinas. He was getting scrambled eggs and toast, but he was rather hampered in his efforts because he had one of the two horny nine-year-olds impaled on his cock and clinging to him while he worked.  The other little girl was sitting on the breakfast table looking very put out because she wasn't the one being fucked, but she was making up for it by fucking herself with a coke bottle.

They all sat down at the table to wait for the guy to finish making the scrambled eggs and Terry thought since he'd been feeling their cunts and they'd been sucking his cock, he'd better introduce himself to them.  They told him their names were Wendy and Vanessa.  Wendy was the girl sitting on Craig's cock and Vanessa was the one sitting on table stuffing her newly opened channel with the neck of the bottle.

Vanessa was obviously a very sexual girl even at such a young age, because she sat back on her hands and opened her legs so they could all see her slit pouting as it stretched around the neck of the bottle.

She said, "Craig fucked us last night, so we're proper women now. I made him cum three times up my cunnie, and Wendy's on her fourth cum now.  It was fun.  I'm going to fuck the boys on the school bus like my sister does now.  She lets the bus driver, his name's Terrytoo, and some of the schoolboys fuck her after school sometimes, so I'm going to join in.  She can't have all the fun, can she.  Do you guys want to play with me?" she asked spreading her legs wider and looking straight at Kelly and Kim.  While they waited for Craig to finish stuffing the little Wendy and cook the eggs, they all fondled Vanessa's pubescent pussy. There were only a few young hairs on her little mound, but it was very juicy wrapped around the fat neck of the cock bottle.  They pulled on her cunt lips, stuck fingers up her alongside the bottle and up her arse and they pinched her tiny nipple buds so she whimpered in delight and breathed deeply.

When Craig brought Terry's eggs over, Wendy still hanging from his neck with his cock imbedded in her cunthole, Terry played his favourite game of slapping his food on the nearest cunt and licking it off.  In this case the cunt belonged to Vanessa.  At the same time, the Kelly and Kim started smearing eggs on his cock and sucking it off.

By the time breakfast was over, Terry had made Vanessa cum on his tongue, Wendy had taken a load of Craig's spunk up her tiny slit, Vanessa was riding around the room hanging from Craig's neck with his cock up her, and Wendy was sitting on the table getting sucked off by the other girls.

Terry watched the action for a while then stood up. 

"Lets go for a walk outside," he suggested.  He took Kelly and Kim outside and they walked around the farmland, enjoying the early morning sun on their naked bodies and listening to the birds singing and the sounds of rural life allaround.   They were talking about the fun they'd had last night and how they all loved fucking and sucking.  Terry suggested they walk over and tell Angelica to get her well fucked arse over to clean up the mess, so they strolled through the bushland towards the next farm.

They joked and laughed with each other all the way, telling each other dirty stories and fantasies, poking and prodding at each other in ways their mothers would surely not have approved of.   The walking track came out of the bushland within sight of Angelica's enormous homestead and the three horny naked fuckers stopped in their tracks at what they saw, bathed in the early morning sunlight.

On the patio at the back of the house, between the rumpus room and the swimming pool was a large outdoor table, and five unkempt and disreputable men were sitting around it.  In front of the table was a sort of steel sawhorse, with a large padded top on it.  It was similar to the ones used as vaulting horses by gymnasts.  It could be raised and lowered by turning the handles on the legs.

What electrified the three onlookers was the sight of Angelica, naked, tied hand and foot over the sawhorse, her head over one end and her arse in the air at the other. There were ropes around her wrists and ankles tying her firmly to the apparatus, and since the horse was facing slightly away from them, they couldn't see Angelica's face, but they could see her cunt and arsehole, spread wide open and gaping.

They couldn't hear what the men were saying, but they could hear the laughing and bythe tone of voice they were using, guessed they were comparing the captive Angelica to the whores they'd fucked the previous night.

Kim said she wanted to hear what was going on, so they crept up closer until they could hear what the men were saying. On this side of the house the bush came right up to the small clearing in which the house was built, so they could get quite close without being seen. 

"That was a great idea, making that cunt suck the wino off, Billy," said one, opening his fly and pulling out a huge prick. "He must have stank something awful."  The guy strolled over to Angelica as he talked and just stuck his cock into her cunt and started fucking her. "She had a real tight cunt, though. It's a good thing you guys were holding her down when I stuck that wine bottle in her cunt or I mightn't have got the fucking thing right up her.... Here I cum, bitch, take this load of scum in your hole!"  They all laughed at Angelica lying there open and defenceless as the guy shot his spunk into her.  When he finished, he just pulled out, walked around to her face and wiped his prick in her hair and rejoined his friends at the table.  At no time did he talk to Angelica, or even look at her. She was just a fucking receptacle to him, a piece of meat to be used whenever they liked.

And from the way Angelica orgasmed every couple of minutes, she was loving it!

"I told the mechanic that he could come over and fuck Angelica as payment for fixing my sister's car, and he'll be here soon."

Terry was getting excited by the simply casual way these utterly disreputable men were using the high society lady, and she was clearly enjoying being abused like this.  After all, it was her house and she could have then thrown out any time she liked.  Terry felt that familiar stirring in his loins ashis  cock started to swell.  It was sore with all the abuse it had been getting over the last two days, but he didn't want to waste any opportunity of getting it up a tight moist female hole.

The two teenage schoolgirls standing naked beside him were also getting horny.  They were breathing heavily, their nipples were standing up hard and firm, and their pussies were juicing up yet again. Kim, the filthy whore, said,

"Oooh, look at that lucky fucking slut getting all that man meat up her.  She's got a proper smorgasbord of cock there.  Terry, I need a cock up my arse NOW!  Fuck my bum and fill it with spunk, go on." She lay down on the ground on her front, her legs splayed wide apart.  Then, keeping her tits hard on the ground, she raised her arse high into the air and pushed her knees even further apart.  She reached behind her and pulled her arsecheeks apart so her arsehole winked at Terry.

"Go on Terry, fuck the bitch up the arse." Kelly added helpfully.  "You can finger my holes while you fuck her.  That way we can all have fun while we watch that stuck up dirty society cunt get well and truly fucked."  Kelly lay down alongside Kim, spreading her legs and stuck her arse in the air too, so Terry was presented with the lovely sight of the two teenagers open and available to screw how he liked. "Stick your fingers in my cunt and my arse, Terry.  Molest both my openings.  See how far up me you can get your fingers."

Terry's cock was hard as a rock once more and he knelt behind Kelly and slipped his cockhead between her cuntlips. He fucked it into her briefly to get it wet and slippery, thenpulled it out and positioned himself behind Kim. He fucked her sopping wet slimy cunt for a couple of strokes before pulling it out and pointing the prickhead at her wrinkled but relaxed arsehole.  Gently and firmly he eased it into her anus, past the sphincter muscle which gripped  his cock like a fist.  Kim grunted with delight at the invasion of her rectum, and Kelly let out a quiet moan as his fingers penetrated her thirteen year old twat and arsehole.

The three of them enjoyed the morning sun, the fresh air and the erotic feelings in their genitals as they watched the five guys go to work on Angelica tied up on the padded sawhorse in front of them.   One after another, the men left their breakfast, walked over to Angelica and stuffed their cocks into one of her holes.  Never once did they talk to her directly, she was just a momentary diversion to them, a warm collection of wet holes to slick their cocks into and shoot their cum.

Then a new person arrived on the scene - obviously the mechanic. He was dressed in filthy oily overalls, his hands were grimy and he was unshaven.  He must have been about sixty years old.

"Gidday Barry," said the guy whose prick was pounding away at Angelica's sloppy cunt. "How are ya?  Good to see you could get away from the missus for a while."

"Yeah, she was getting on me nerves a bit so I fucked her up the bum and left her in the house with the kids.  She hates that."   Barry said that as, without any invitation from Angelica or the others he opened the front of his overalls to reveal he was nudeunderneath, he pulled out his enormous growing prick and stuffed it into Angelica's willing mouth.  "Suck my dirty cock, whore.  Clean my wife's shit off it. Lick that shaft and suck the cum out of my balls."

Angelica had no option but to submit to the stranger's demands, but Terry didn't really think the society whore would really want to do anything else.  By the way she was cumming noisily every couple of minutes, he thought she was actually having a great time, tied up and immobile on the saw horse while the men abused her.

Barry, the mechanic, fucked Angelica's face while his friend Mike introduced him to Pat, Steve, Kevin and Dave, the others in the group.  Just as he shook hands with Dave, Angelica orgasmed for the umpteenth time and her sucking brought him over the top too.  He pulled his cock out of her mouth and held his gigantic throbber in his hands as he shot cum into her face with a grunt.  It coated her entire face, huge ribbons of spunk hung from her nose and chin and Barry used the end of his softening cock to smear it all over her, and into her hair. Then he stuffed the huge organ into her mouth again, saying,

"Suck it up hard again, cunt. I'm gonna cum up your fuckhole next. Wrap your lips around my fuckstick and lick my knob!"

As he fucked her willing mouth again, the sperm dribbled down her face and fell on the ground below her.  Dave said he felt like a piss, and pointed his cock at her back.

"That's a good idea," Steve agreed, and he held his cock in her direction too.  The two pungent streams of warm yellow fluid arched into the air and splashed on her naked back, running down and onto the ground.  The other guys got into the act too, and in no time all five were pissing ontheir captive landlady.  Barry thought that was a good game too, and he pissed into Angelica's mouth in a fast running stream, which the woman tried her best to swallow.

"She's having a really dirty time, isn't she, the lucky fucking slut," Kim observed, clenching her arsecheeks around Terry's cock, nearly making him cum up her.

"I'd like to try that one day," added Kelly.  Terry thought she was becoming more and more immoral each hour, and he didn't think that was a bad thing at all, just so long as he got to have a go up her regularly.  He thought she should be encouraged to be as promiscuous as possible.  That way she'd learn new tricks all the time.  Terry lay as still as he could, trying not to let Kim's erotic movement bring him off.  He liked lying there watching the obscene show in front of them with his cock soaking up Kim's juices and his fingers whipping Kelly's crotch to a frenzy.

Kelly wasn't just lying there immobile either.  She was contracting her cunt and her anus round his fingers in a way that really turned Terry on, and wasn't doing her any damage either.  In fact, Kelly was near to cumming again herself.

When the men on the patio finished pissing on their captive slut, they all decided she was too filthy to fuck any more, so they took her down from the sawhorse and tossed her unceremoniously into the pool, holding her wide open by each holding a limb and stretching them apart.

"Hey cunt, wadda ya  think this is, a holiday camp, get your filthy arse out of thatpool and back onto that sawhorse!" Steve shouted at her.  Without a murmur, Angelica clambered out of the pool dripping wet and climbed back up onto the apparatus. They gave Barry the honour of tying her up again, and he made a point of pulling her extra wide and tightening the ropes so she was stretched just that little bit extra, and he shoved his fingers up her cunt.

"Hey the slut's still slimy and wet up here," he announced. "She's got a huge cunt.  How many men do you think the bloody cunts had up here?"

"Oh lots," Mike replied.  "I mean she was at a fucking orgy last night and she told us she had forty guys fucking her."

"I'll tell you what, her cunt's certainly been stretched." continued Barry. "It squeezes nicely round my fingers, but you can really stretch it open. I bet I could get my whole hand up her."

Pat joined in, "You bet. That's one of the things we like about the slag.  Go  on, fist-fuck the slut.  She likes it."

Kelly was amazed as she saw Barry's whole hand disappear up Angelica's crack, and she heard Angelica calling out obscene encouragement as his arm fucked in and out of her.

Barry said, "Fuck me dead, she's really a fucking whore, isn't she.  She's getting off on this.  I reckon she could take a salami up this slimy cunt."

"Oh yes, she can take that alright.  Look, we'll show you." Pat said as he darted into the house.  He emerged a minute later with an enormous red salami and a large green cucumber.  

While the other guys all sataround the table playing with their hard cocks, and Terry, Kim and Kelly indulged themselves hidden in the bushes, Barry and Pat squatted down behind Angelica so they could look right up her cunt. Pat pushed the salami into her cunt, which stretched tight to accommodate the huge sausage.

"Jesus, you bastard, let me do that!" exclaimed the horny Barry, grabbing the salami and fucking it in and out of the orgasming Angelica's twat.  He held his cock with his other hand and wanked it in time with the sausage going in and out of the pussy.

"That's not all she can do," offered Kevin.  "Stick the cucumber in her too, Pat.  Really give her hole a workout."

Pat pushed the cucumber into Angelica's arsehole.  It pushed the salami out of Angelica's cunt, so Barry pushed it back up her again.

"Fuck you guys this is a great way to get paid for working on your car.  Do you need any more work done?"  Barry asked hopefully as he worked the red meat in Angelica's hole.  

"If we do, we'll be sure to let you know,"  Kevin replied.  "Why don't you let the slut suck you off again while I get the polaroid and take a picture for you to have as a souvenir?  You mightn't get another chance to fuck a high and mighty society slut like this."

"Yeah, all right!"   Barry let go of the salami, leaving it in Angelica's spasming cunt as far as it would go.  Pat stepped back so Kevin could get a good shot of the two huge things sticking out of Angelica's crotch while Barry stuffed his gigantic prick into the woman's mouth.  She sucked on the hot prick avidly, desperate to get a taste of his sperm once more.

While Barry shoved his prick into Angelica's throat, Kevin took photos until Barry grunted, shovedhard and emptied his balls into her.

At the same time, in their hiding place in the bushes, Terry and Kim were cumming and Kelly was squirming on Terry's fingers, near to orgasm herself.  Terry felt Kim's rectum squeeze his shaft in her orgasm, at the same time as his ballsac tightened, his prick swelled up, the spunk travelled up his shaft and exploded into Kim's nether passage.  The sperm coated the walls of her bumhole and oozed out of her anus.  She called out loudly as she came, "Oh FUCK ME, FUCK, FILL MY ARSEHOLE WITH CUM, GIVE ME YOUR COCK!!"

Naturally, the noise attracted the attention of the six men enjoying the morning sun on the patio, and the filthy three in the bushes were quickly surrounded with naked angry men.

"What do you think you are doing spying on law-abiding citizens on a Sunday morning?" demanded Dave.

"That didn't look too law abiding  to me," protested Kim.  "I think you were all having rather an enjoyable time, but if you ask me, I don't think tying a woman up and lending her out as a fucking tool in payment for car repairs is all that law-abiding."

The men weren't too sure about the legal position of all that, so they calmed down a little, and also because the two naked schoolgirls were snuggling up to them, fondling their cocks and guiding their hands into their crotches.

"Why don't you all come and join us for breakfast?" Mike asked.

"I thought you'd never ask," Kim called over her shoulder as she ran to the pool.

The others followed, and by the time they were all at the table, Kim was pulling the salami out of Angelica's stretched pussyhole and stuffing it up her own leaking twat.

Kevin was the first to speak after they'd all recovered from the shock of seeing Kim fuck herself on the salami.  "You people are a bit fucking cheeky aren't you, prying into the Sunday mornings of your neighbours and then gate crashing a private party?"

Kelly, ever the bold one replied, "Yes, but you need some more players at your party don't you.  Isn't it a bit boring only having one cunt to fuck?  Why don't you fuck me for a bit of a change from the filthy fucking whore over there on the saw horse?"

That was all it needed - they made Kim sit on the table and stuff things up her cunt for their visual enjoyment while they passed Kelly around on their laps, fingering and feeling her and poking her holes.

"I know," said Steve rather helpfully, "let's have the fucking whore over there give us a show while we play with these two sluts?  Terry, you can fuck my arsehole while I fuck this cunt here."  He pointed right at Kim's engorged cunt and grabbed the huge sausage that was threatening to rip her open she was stretched so far.

While Steve pulled his arsecheeks open and slipped his already greasy arse over Terry's hot prick, a couple of the guys disappeared into the barn.  Terry was not really into homo sex, but in the sex charged atmosphere of the lastfew days he thought he could probably fuck anything if he was asked to.  He had been astounded at how his cock had revived and stood proud and stiff whenever it was needed, and he'd done things and seen things he never thought possible.  So here he was, outside this society lady's house, with his cock up the arse of a filthy bastard, the hostess trussed up and open for anyone to abuse, watching the dirty slut Kim masturbate on the table, and his precious Kelly being passed round from cock to cock, taking them any way they liked.  What a scene!!

The man's arse felt nice and warm and wet, and his movements as he played with his cock stimulated Terry's prick so that Terry thought he would be quite likely to fill this bloke's rectum with his fuckslime before too long.  Then Kelly was passed to him and she slipped her cunt onto his cock easily and fucked him for a short while, while he sucked on her teeny tits.

Terry saw a movement out of the corner of his eye and he looked to the barn.  To his amazement a donkey was being led out, and Angelica saw it at the same time. She let out a yell and started cumming again at the thought of being fucked by the animal.

"Grease her up good, Pat, we don't want the fucking donk slipping out of her and shooting all over the ground like last time,"  said Mike.

Terry watched in fascination as Pat produced a large jar of cold cream and slapped it in and around Angelica's crotch.  He worked it into her cunt and arsehole and spread it over her thighs.  By the time he was finished, her entire crotch was slippery.  Next they got Kim to climb down from the table and pull the donkey's cock and lick it until it was nice and hard.

Pat worked the handles on the legs of the saw horse until Angelica's head was low and her cunt was up in the air, at just the right heightfor the donkey to slip his gigantic prick into her.

While Kim wrapped her hands around the enormous dong and started wanking it, Pat pulled on the donkey's bridle so that his nose was almost touching Angelica's slippery oozing twat.  He smelt the distinctive odour of her sexual arousal and his cock sprung to life.  As it emerged from its hairy sheath Kim immediately applied her tongue to the head and lapped away happily, tasting the animal's pre-cum and swallowing it down eagerly.

Finally, the donkey was pulling at the restraining rope and making thrusting motions so they stood back and let him go to it.  He leapt up onto Angelica and Kim and Pat guided his cock into Angelica's streaming cunt.

So, while the donkey fucked the landlady, Terry fucked Steve,  Steve and the other men fucked the thirteen year old Kelly and the sixteen year old Kim (who wasn't about to keep on playing with a salami when there was all this sperm to go round).

Angelica orgasmed over and over again on the huge animal's cock for the entertainment of the men. Barry, the mechanic, stuck his cock into Angelica's mouth while the donkey was on her back and as Angelica sucked him off, he patted the donkey's head and talked quietly to him.  He said he liked animals, especially when they were fucking a woman!

Kelly took four loads of male scum up her twat, and another two up her arse, and the adventure ended up with Kelly having her first three-way with Pat in her little hairless cunt, Mike in her equally hairlessarsehole,  Terry in her mouth, Steve putting his cock in her hand and Kim sitting on her other hand.

As a finale before they untied Angelica and sent her to Kelly's place to start work on the nasty mess there, they had Terry fuck her sloppy cunt and shoot a load of his cum into the copious load left there by the donkey and all the other cocks that had been up it that morning.  Then Kelly and Kim had to suck her cunt and arse clean, sucking all the scum and slime out of her twat while they were fucked in the cunt by the men one more time.



---------------



They walked back to the house with cum dripping down the girls' legs.  Angelica was being led by a leash and had a studded collar round her neck. Apart from that she was naked too.   They walked slowly because everyone's loins were starting to get sore with all the activity and they wanted to be able to continue the games for the rest of the day.

When they reached the house most of the people had gone home, except for the tiny Wendy and Vanessa.  They were making the most of their opportunity to exercise their little pussies.  Their fathers had arrived back at the house to pick them up and had found them fucking each other with bananas.  When they realised that their little girls weren't virgins any more, they thought the had better teach them something of the culture of this valley, and commenced fucking them royally.

When Terry and his entourage arrived, Vanessa was sitting onWendy's dad's prick and helping her dad get his cock up her friend's hairless cunt.  They had sperm spread over their little mounds, so Terry assumed they were well buttered up by all the fucking they'd been doing.

Then Wendy's dad said, "Right, swap back again," and he lifted Vanessa bodily off his hard cock and passed her over to her father. Vanessa held her legs wide spread and guided her father's cock into her little slit.  Wendy, meanwhile had slipped off Vanessa's father's prick and had popped her own father's cock into her mouth.  She was sucking away like a seasoned whore, slurping off the cunt juice left there by her friend's cunt.

It was a horny sight, the two nine year olds behaving in such a sluttish way, and it made Terry's cock start to rise up for the umpteenth time.  Kim dropped to her knees and sucked it into her willing and moist oral fuckhole.

Terry stopped her.

"I'm almost fucked out," he said wearily.  "I've got another idea. Let's leave these little whores to their incestuous fun and go into the living room.  I've got an idea for a video we can make which will make Kelly's weekend complete."

He had to run to keep up with the naked schoolgirls as they ran into the living room, tits bobbing up and down as they ran.  When he got there, Kelly was already getting the video camera out of its box.  

Miss Simpson was also there, on her hands and knees scrubbing the cum stains off the carpet.  She was wearing the dildo belt and had a nice fat plastic cock up her arse and her cunt.

Terry directed the movie as he filmed the scene.

He made Kim tie Kelly up.  She tied each wrist firmly to an ankle, so Kelly was bent double.  Thenshe tied Kelly's ankles to a pole about five feet long. This meant her legs were stretched far apart.  Her pussy was wide open, her arsehole was exposed and Kelly was immobile.  They could pick her up and move her anywhere they liked and Kelly couldn't do anything about it.  

For her part, Kelly was excited.  Even after all the other sexual adventures she'd had this weekend, this still got her cunt streaming.  Kelly thought she was quite like Angelica in a way, she rather enjoyed being dominated and treated like a whore.

They propped her up in various positions with her cunt and arsehole open to the camera's gaze.  

They filmed Kelly hanging from the pole which was balanced over the backs of two chairs so Kelly was suspended by her wrists and ankles.  Then Terry filmed her as Kim stuffed things up her slit and sucked them out again, like bananas, carrots, cherries, grapes etc.

Terry rigged the camera up on a tripod and he and Kim each took an end of the pole and lowered Kelly's teenage twat onto a thick white candle in a silver candlestick for the camera.  They bounced her up and down on it, fucking her cunt, then slipped it into her arsehole and bounced her up and down again.  Kelly orgasmed when they got another candlestick and bounced her up and down on the two thick candles, fucking both her holes at the same time.

Then they put the trussed up teenage schoolgirl on the floor on her face, her arse high in the air, and Terry fucked both her holes while Kim tookclose-ups of the action.   Terry pulled his cock out of his darling thirteen year old when he felt his orgasm approaching, and shot his spunk over Kelly's cunt and arsehole.  Kim moved in for an ultra-close-up of the sperm hitting her swollen and puffy cuntlips and dripping between them onto her little clit.

For the end of the movie, Terry said that Kelly ought to get her fondest wish, and so with Terry's sperm spread over her arse and cunt, they brought Bruno, the sexy Great Dane in to lick her clean. While Terry knelt at Kelly's head with his cock in her mouth, Kim filmed Bruno's long lapping tongue slobbering around Kelly's orgasming cunt. When the spunk was all gone, and Kelly's dripping cunt had excited him, the large dog climbed on and fucked his cock into the teenager's bald fuckslot.



===============



It was this perverted scene that met Alison and John when they opened the door and walked in.

"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!" bellowed John, his cock already starting to harden at the sight of his pubescent niece tied up and panting under the furious fucking of the huge dog while she sucked Terry off for the video camera. John and Alison had already noted the strong smell of sex in the house as they came through the front door.  Next they saw Miss Simpson's arse sticking out  from under the dining table, the two dildos sticking out of her holes.

Terry was too close tocumming to stop now, so he had no choice but to continue fucking Kelly's face.  His cock burst one more time and his slimy cum spurted into Kelly's throat at the same instant as Bruno reached his own climax and pounded her cunt with his doggy prick, filling the slut up with animal sperm.  He pulled his dog cock out of his captive girl, and a ribbon of  spunk stretched from the end of his cock to her clit, stretching thinner and thinner before breaking and dropping onto the floor.

John couldn't wait any longer and pulled his clothes off.  He knelt behind his teenage niece and stuffed his cock into her sloppy hole.  

Alison felt the same, and stripped all her clothes off too.

"Come over here and fuck me, Terry," she called, lying on  her back lifting her legs above her head and pulling her cuntlips open.  A drop or two of sperm oozed out of her cunthole, telling Terry she'd been fucked that morning already and he wasted no time in getting his hungry mouth onto the juicy slit.




---------------


The sex continued unabated, with Alison and John joining the others for perverted pleasure.  By the end of the day, all the men left in the house had fucked Kelly, Kim, Vanessa, Wendy, Alison and Miss Simpson.  The girls had all sucked off the blokes and each other, and Angelica and Miss Simpson had fucked Bruno.

Alison got Terry to tie her up in the same way he'd tied up Kelly, hands and ankles and the pole, and he'd made him repeat the video with her.  Then she had the chance to live out one of her favourite fantasies - having Bruno fuck hercunt in front of the video camera, then Terry sucked the dog spunk out of her.

When the weekend finally ended, they made arrangements for Terry to come and stay for a week later in the year, and they gave him the phone numbers of some of the filthy trollops that had been at the orgy.  That way he could get a good fucking any time he liked with a young horny perverted teenager.



---------------



"How was the conference dear?" asked his wife when he walked in his own front door.  

"Well, it was boring, but you have to do these things to stay ahead these days, don't you?" he replied.  "I have to go to another one later in the year, it'll be a week long one.  I don't know how I'll be able to stay awake."

"Was it all work or was there any time for relaxation at all?" she asked.

"I can assure you dear, the whole weekend was the most work I've done in years.  It'll take weeks to recover!"











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....