                   T H E   K E N N E L   C L U B

  I'd like to tell you a little about one of my favourite fantasies.  Like
a lot of other women, I've always secret thoughts about having sex with
animals.  I can remember back in school, I'd get an itch between my legs
just watching a couple of dogs screwing in the street... and this was
before I ever knew what the feeling was.  After I got a couple of years
older, I'd go home and masturbate whenever I'd happen to see them going at
it.  I'd think about how good it would feel to have that big red doggy cock
pounding in and out of my creamy pussy.

    Then I grew up a bit more, found out about boys, and eventually lost my
virginity (officially) in the back seat of a 1950 Oldsmobile.  Well, the
exploration of a young girl's sexuallity from then on probably followed a
pretty normal pattern, learning about cock sucking, anal intercourse, and
other things.  But I still never quite forgot that fantasy of getting doggy
fucked.  I eventually got married and had a couple of kids.  Still,
sometimes in bed with my husband I'd imagine that he was a large German
Shepard and I was a bitch in heat.  This was particularly true when he'd
take me in the "doggy" position.  Ooohhh, I'd get SO WET and eventually
cum like gangbusters!  Especially when he'd fuck me hard and fast, just
like that dog in the streets with his gutter bitch.

    I tried to bring the subject of us getting a dog "for the kids", but he
always said he preferred cats for house pets so thats what we always had. 
I still had thoughts of getting doggy-fucked, however, but didn't have any
way to make it happen.  Eventually we split after the kids had reached 17
or 18, but then I was living in an apartment and didn't have a place to keep 
a dog.  I still had hopes that one day it might happen, though I was
beginning to think it might not.  After all, what was a woman in her
forties doing with ideas like this running around in her head?

    Well, a couple of years later I met my current boyfriend and after a
year or so of a real good relationship we started exploring various
fantasies we both held.  We played around with bondage & discipline, vari-
ous toys, a couple of group scenes, and the like.  One night we were
watching some of his adult videos and he put one on (without telling me)
that involved women getting licked and fucked by dogs!!!  I got so hot just
watching that I came twice just laying there with his arms around me!  Then
I pushed my sopping pussy back onto his cock and brought myself off again
as soon as he penetrated me.  My nipples were so hard and stiff they just
ached, and I asked him to pinch them HARD.  OOOoohhhh, it felt sooooo good!
After he came (and I had another orgasm too), we talked about what had
turned me on so much.  I finally confessed my secret desire to be fucked by
a dog, and he admitted that the thought of seeing a woman with a dog had
always turned him on as well.  At last, I thought, I've found someone who
understands!

    Well, we replayed that scene (and the tape) a number of times over the
next few months.  He got to fucking me in the doggy position pretty
regularly, and we also watched on the streets when we were out to see if we
could spot a couple of dogs screwing.  Whenever we'd happen to see a pair,
we'd stop the car and watch as he'd play with my pussy and tits.  He'd say
things to me, like "Don't you wish you were that bitch?" or "How'd you like
to get doggy-fucked tonight?"  Of course his words just helped to turn me
on more, and eventually we'd go home and screw our brains out.  Sometimes I
couldn't wait and we'd find a deserted spot and screw right there!  We were
still in a situation where we couldn't have our own dog, but we both had
decided that we'd try to arrange it so I could have my chance if possible. 
The only other thing we decided was that he would be there to see me
getting it.

    With some discreet inquiries, eventually we located a person who had a
trained dog AND who knew of another couple that was into doggy sex as well.
We corresponded with him for a bit and eventually decided to take a chance
and meet with him.  We did so in a "neutral corner", a local lounge where
he lived.  Pete introduced us to another swinging couple, not into animals
particularly, who were interested in watching if I didn't mind.  After
getting acquainted over a couple of drinks and dinner, we decided we were
all compatible and comfortable enough with one another that we'd go meet
Pete's dog, Frodo, and see what happened from there.  Frodo was an Old
English Sheepdog, and I liked him immediately.  He kept pushing his snout
into my lap, trying to lick my pussy.  Since I enjoy being eaten, I didn't
discourage him.  However when he'd switch his attention to Maureen, the
other woman, she wasn't too enthused by the idea and would push him away. 
I decided I just HAD to have my first experience with a dog that night.

    We all adjourned to Pete's place for the action.  Since Frodo was so
large and I was so inexperienced, Pete suggested that he have Frodo lie
down and I should climb on top and ride his cock.  That way I could get
used to the differences and similiarities between man and doggy cock. 
Well, I wasn't too sure about that idea but deferred to Pete's greater
experience.  I stripped to the waist and climbed aboard Frodo's cock.  It
was hotter than my boyfriend's, but about the same size.  I began bouncing
up and down on his cock, and in just a minute or so he came in my pussy.  I
could feel his cum spraying my insides, again hotter than a man's.  After
he came, I felt him starting to collapse inside me.  When his cock came
out, I sat up disappointed.  I hadn't had a chance to come!  Well, I got up
and sat down in a chair that someone moved up, feeling quite frustrated and
still horny as hell.  I wished Maureen or a couple of the guys would at
least play with my tits and cunt to get me off.  Frodo wandered over and
sniffed at my still-hot pussy.  Then he reached out with his long hot
tongue and gave me a big lick.  HEAVEN!!  It felt soooo good.  I scratched
his ears, and he began to lick me in earnest.  No man had EVER felt quite
like that!  The others noticed what was going on and gathered 'round.  Pete
played with my pussy (between Frodo's licks), and Nick and my boyfriend
played with my tits and nipples.  Maureen just watched enviously.  Between
Pete's playing, the titty action, and Frodo's licking, I soon had a great
climax, and felt myself gushing all over Frodo's tongue.  For some reason,
after I came, the scene seemed to fall apart and we each went our separate
ways.  But we did agree to meet Pete again the next evening to be
introduced to the other couple he knew who were into doggy fucking.

    After dinner the following night, Pete took us to meet Ted and Diana
and Bear, their German Shepard.  We sat around a while over a drink and
talked about what we were going to do later.  I said that I had never seen
a woman doggy-fucked in person, just on the videotapes, and mentioned how
disappointed I was about not getting a very active screwing last night. 
Ted said that Bear could often go twice in a evening, so I might have a
chance to see him with Diana later.  After a bit more discussion, I
wondered if I'd get more out of the experience if I watched first.  I asked
John if he'd mind if Bear had Diana first instead of me.  He agreed it
would be exciting to watch, so we moved to the basement room they had where
Bear was used to fucking Diana.  Bear normally stayed in the next room, and
knew if he was let into the other one he was going to get something good!
As soon as we went into that room, he started getting excited.  Diana made
sure we were all seated where we could get a good view.  Ted told me to
feel free to move around if I liked so I could see what was happening. 
Diana showed us the low table or bed, just the right height for Bear to
screw her (or another woman) on.  She said that Bear was used to having her
on her back, in the "missionary position", since she could get off easier
that way.  She also said that sometimes he could get into a "tie" with her
like that, but had never done so in the usual doggy position.  Not knowing
what she was referring too, I asked what she meant by a tie.  She explained
that a male dog has a large knot, or bulge, near the base of his cock,
meant to insure that his cock remained in the bitch's pussy long enough
that his semen had time to reach her eggs.  If not for this mechanism, the
bitch would expell a majority of the semen and thus reduce the chance of
making her pregnant.

    Diana asked if I was ready for her to bring in Bear from the next room
where he was waiting impatiently.  I said "you bet!", and she went to get
him.  She was gone for several minutes, so I asked Ted what was taking her
so long.  He explained that Diana put tape around the dewclaws on the side
of his legs to reduce the chance of her getting scratched.  Just then Diana
returned with Bear, and we could see that his long red cock was already
partly extended from its hairy sheath.  She moved toward the low bed and
stripped off her skirt.  Underneath she had on no panties, and we all got a
good look at her hairy bush.  Bear sniffed at her pussy, and his cock
extended further.  She patted her shoulders and Bear put his forepaws up on
them, his excited cock nearing Diana's box.  She sank down onto the bed,
leaning back as his cock moved even closer.  Pete moved in behind Bear to
help hold him in position if it became neccessary... but it wasn't!  Bear
immediately moved up on Diana, penetrating her clasping cunt with one swift
movement.  Almost immediately he began pumping.  God!  I'd never seen
anything so sexually exciting in my life!  Bear must have pumped for almost
15 minutes, and Diana came at least twice that I saw.  But he didn't get
into a tie with her.  After he came out of her pussy, he licked her till
all the cum was gone from around it.  Then he wandered off, back to his own
room.  (By the way, I came just from watching!)

    Well, a couple of hours later (after Bear had time to recover) it was
my turn!  We went downstairs again and this time I was the one to strip to
the waist, removing my slacks and panties.  Diana went out to get Bear and
brought him in.  He seemed to want to fuck her again (guess he wasn't used
to having his choice of bitches) but was having obvious problems caused by
the fact that she still had her skirt on.  She eventually got him to begin
to pay attention to me and he jumped up and pushed me down on the bed.  But
he didn't mount me!  I laid there a couple of minutes, hoping he'd return. 
Ted and Diana kept trying to get him to come over and do SOMETHING!  Well,
I decided to sit up.  That did it!  Bear came over, growled softly, and 
pushed me right back down!  Then he walked off again.  So I decided again
to sit up.  Repeat performance by Bear.  This went on for 4 or 5 times and
I was really feeling frustrated.  What did this gorgeous animal want?? 
Well, after several times, he finally began licking my pussy and then he
mounted me!  Oh, what a thrill!  I was finally getting what I had imagined
all those years.  Bear inserted his hot red cock into my creaming pussy.  I
came on the spot!  WOW!  What a feeling!  Then he began pumping like crazy.
He'd pump madly for a minute, then slow down a bit, then pump again!  I
felt like I'd never been fucked this way before.  Eventually I felt
something even larger slamming against my pussy lips and clitoris as he
pumped.  It was his "knot" that I'd heard about.  Meanwhile, John was
verbally encouraging me to relax, go with the flow, and cum like I'd never
cum before!  Suddenly I was climaxing like crazy, gushing pussy juice all
over Bear's big doggy cock, when I felt the knob slip inside my cunt lips.
Bear was shooting doggy cum all over my spasming pussy and my vaginal
muscles were grabbing at his cock.  After a bit, he seemed to want to pull
out... but he couldn't!  We were in a tie!  His cock felt sooooo hot and
hard in my cunt, I didn't ever want to let it go!  He was trapped there for
about 10 minutes or so, and my pussy had never felt so full.  All I can say
is "MMmmm, MMmmm, Good!!"  Later, John and I returned to our motel room and
discussed the night's activities.  We were both still horny, and spent the
rest of the night screwing each other silly.

    Well, the above is a fairly accurate account of what actually did
happen that weekend.  Yes, I did get fucked by both dogs, and yes, I want
to do it again.  But since then, I've developed another fantasy.  Maybe
someday it will happen too.  At least I hope so!  My fantasy is joining a
Kennel Club.  But as you can probably tell, not your ordinary kennel club.

    John tells me one evening that we're going out... that he has a
surprise for me.  To get ready, he shaves my pussy so that there's not a
hair on it anywhere.  (By the way, my pussy actually is shaved.  We like it
that way.)  Then he has me wear a short skirt with no panties, my half-cup
bra (which leaves my nipples exposed), and a fairly sheer blouse.  We go
out for a nice dinner and a few drinks.  Needless to say, I'm getting a bit
horny by this time as he's been playing with my bare pussy or pinching my
nipples whenever he feels the urge.  I know at least once the people at the
next table see him pinch my tits.  When one of the women in the restaurant
goes to the ladies room, he tells me to go myself and to make sure she
knows that I'm not wearing any panties.  After we both get back to our
tables, I see her telling her husband/boyfriend about my naked pussy.  I
could have just DIED from embarrasment... but it is a turn-on as well! 
Anyhow, after dinner, he asks me if I am game for something special and of
course I agree.

    We go to a house where I have never been before, in a neighbourhood I
don't know well.  We are admitted by an attractive young lady named Jean,
who takes my coat and then stares admiringly at my erect nipples.  She
takes me by the hand and leads me into the next room.  There are at least a
dozen couples there, and most of them have dogs with them.  Jean calls,
"Attention, everybody.  This is Susan, our newest candidate for membership
in the Kennel Club."  A round of applause is heard, and then I am
introduced to each person individually.  One of the women present is
completely nude, though all the other people are fully dressed.  When I
ask, Jean tells me not to worry about it; the reason will be made clear
later.  I can already feel my pussy getting hot, and the coolness of no
panties (that I'm not used to) feels good.  We share a few drinks, and
then I'm given a piece of paper.  It looks like a membership application...
and it is, but with some rather special provisions.  Keith, the president
of the club, explains that I should look it over, fill in my name in the
appropriate spots, and then sign it in front of the group if I still want
to join.  The paper says:
   
                T H E   K E N N E L   C L U B
            Membership Application and Agreement

    I, _____________________ do hereby apply to join THE KENNEL CLUB.
    I do so of my own free will and am not being coerced or threatened
    in any way to influence whether or not I join.  I agree to the
    following conditions:
      1.  I will read this application aloud to the entire membership
          present tonight.  I will do so entirely naked.
      2.  I join this club knowing that the purpose of the group is to
          provide pleasure for  the membership through sexual intercourse
          with animals.
      3.  I will tonight have sex with every member present, male or
          female, who wishes to have sex with me.  I make no distinction
          between human or animal.
      4.  At each meeting of the Club which I attend, I will be entirely
          naked and at the sexual disposal of any or all members of the
          Club, human or animal, and will continue to do so until another
          new member has joined.
      5.  I will attend all Club meetings without fail, unless excused by
          the president until another new member has joined.  After that, I
          may miss up to 50% of the meetings at my own discretion.  Missing
          a larger number is grounds for expulsion from the Club.
      6.  I will, within one year, acquire and train a male animal for
          intercourse with women.  Upon completion of his training I will
          loan him to every woman in the club for her evaluation of my
          training.  I will then take their evaluations and further train
          him in the areas found deficient.  Only after fully training him
          to their satisfaction will I be deemed a full member of the Club.

                       __________________________________________
                       Signed & Dated

    Well, I had to think about this for a bit - all of two seconds!!  Just
as I pick up the pen, John says, "Susan, its your choice.  Be sure!"  I
look at him with a big smile, nod, and sign my name.  The members applaud
again, and I am led to the centre of the room where there is a low
platform.  I am told my initiation is to begin then and there, so I should
remove my blouse.  I do so, and various members make comments (mostly
favourable) about my tits and how nice they look "served on the half-shell."
But after a minute or so, I am instructed to remove the bra.  Several
people feel the weight of my tits, and a couple of the women come forward
and lick my nipples.  One of them removes my skirt and there are comments
about how smooth my pussy looks with no hair.  (By the way, Laurie, the woman
I mentioned earlier who was nude, was not shaved.)  The others retreat to
the chairs, which have been placed in a group around the platform and I am
gradually left alone in the centre of the room, with all eyes upon me.  I
am beginning to feel a bit embarrassed as now I am the only naked person in
the room.  Even Laurie has put on some clothes.  Suddenly, out of the
corner of my eye, I catch sight of probably the largest dog I've ever seen.
He bounds into the centre of the circle and begins to sniff at my pussy.  I
think, "Oh, no, not here, in front of all these people, for my first time
tonight.  I'd hoped for some privacy to get used to this idea!"  But that
was not to be!  Keith says, "He likes it doggy style.  Get on your hands
and knees."  Hesitantly, I do as I am told.  There in the middle of the
room, with everyone's eyes on me, I get on my hands and knees, feeling my
tits hanging down and my pussy lips opening and closing almost of their own
accord.  Looking back between my legs, I can see the Dane's head coming
toward me, and his cock beginning to extend.  He gives my cunt a sniff, and
Keith says, "Lick, Hero!"  His tongue begins to work magic on my pussy. 
Its rougher than any I've ever felt before, but within a lick or two it
begins to feel soooo good.  And its so long!  A little tongue action
against the clitty just makes me feel hotter.  And it goes on and on!  Hero
licks me for several minutes, and I'm getting close to cumming.  Looking
back, I can see his cock fully exposed now, hard and throbbing.  He acts
like he wants to mount me, but each time he tries Keith says "No, Hero. 
Not yet, boy."  God, how well trained this animal is!  No matter how horny,
he won't do it to me without permission.  Keith tells me to beg the group
to let Hero fuck me when I decide I want him.  I'm having a hard time
saying no, but I hold off as long as I can.  Finally, I can't stand it any
more and tell the group, "My god!  I'm so hot and horny!  Let him fuck me! 
Let him make me cum!  I want his doggy cock in my hot pussy!"  The group,
however, decides to make me wait a bit more.  A couple of them come up to
me and play with my nipples, stimulating them so that they get even harder.
After a minute or so, they go back to their places.  "Please!  Let him fuck
me!  I want him!", I ask the group.  Keith just grins and says "Hero! 
Fuck!"  Suddenly, I feel an incredible weight on my back and a pair of
strong forelegs grips my waist.  I feel Hero hunching his hindquarters, and
an incredibly hot something sliding up my leg toward my pussy.  I lean
forward, lowering my face to the floor to allow his cock a better angle. 
My nipples drag along the small rug I'm kneeling on, stimulating me to even
greater excitment.  I can feel Hero's hot doggy cock sliding into my cunt
now, and I push back toward it.  He's rapidly hunching into me, and I can 
feel his doggy balls slapping against me and his knot squashing my pussy
lips with every thrust.  As he humps madly into my juicing pussy I can
feel my boobs bouncing on the floor, and I sure hope that knot will slip
inside my spasming pussy.  Keith tells me to make lots of noise as I cum,
so that everyone will know when I do.  Since I'm naturally fairly quiet,
this will be hard for me to do, but I keep encouraging Hero to fuck me
harder and faster.  "Come on, boy!  Fuck me!  Fuck meeee!  Make me come!
Come on, boy, do it some more!  Oh, I'm almost there!  Fuck, Hero, fuck me
hard!  Come on, Hero!   AAAAHHHHHHRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHH!  Oh, so good! Fuck
me!"  I can feel all his doggy cum spraying my vaginal walls, so hot and
good.  But his knot doesn't slip inside, and I can feel him beginning to
subside.  After a minute or so, his cock slips out of my still spasming
pussy, and he dismounts.  I slide to the floor, exhausted.  This has been
the best doggy-fucking I've ever had.  And I've still got to satisfy all
comers (or is that cummers?) tonight.  At least a dozen more dogs, and the
same number of men and women!  Its going to be a long night... but I'm
looking forward to it!


            THE KENNEL CLUB - Part 2        by Sweet Sue

     Well, I hope you enjoyed Part 1 of my fantasy.  If you'll remember, I
was in the process of being "initiated" into a rather special Kennel Club -
one devoted to having animals provide sexual satisfaction for women.  I'd
had to sign an agreement to have sexual relations with every member of the
Club present who wanted to that night, man, woman, or animal.  I'd been
thoroughly screwed by Hero, a Great Dane belonging to Keith, the president,
and his wife Janette in front of the entire group.  There were about another
dozen dogs to look forward to this night along with the same number of men
and women.  Now, I'll pick up where I left off.

    Relaxing after the tremendous orgasm I've just had, several members of
the club gather 'round me.  Some of the women ask me how I'm feeling, and I
just smile contentedly.  Janette, Keith's wife, says, "Hero's really a good
fucker, isn't he?"  "Yes", I answer, "probably the best I've ever had!" 
Meantime, Marcie and Laurie have begun to caress my tits while Sam and Ron,
their husbands, begin to run their fingers up and down my inner thighs. 
Their dogs Killer and Limey are looking on, too.  Those fingers pinching my
stiffening nipples feel so good, and the ones running along my legs are
sure doing their work keeping my fires burning.  

    I look around the room, noting that not nearly as many people are 
watching me now.  Many of them are beginning to become involved with each
other or the other dogs.  I hope that they'll save some for me.  Janette
says, "Susan, you may not have sexual activities tonight any place other 
than here in the centre of this room.  AND we want you to be as vocal as
possible about your feelings.  We like to know that you're getting off OK."
I just nod as I feel Laurie licking on my left nipple.  Marcie is still
massaging my other tit, and Ron has moved to my head while Sam is still 
playing with my legs.  Ron inserts his hard cock into my mouth and says,
"Suck, Sue, suck it good!"  of course, I comply.  Suddenly I feel another
rough tongue licking at my pussy lips.  Lifting my head, I see that
Killer, Sam and Marcie's Doberman, has moved between my legs and is the one
doing the job.  His tongue has a different texture than that of Hero.  With
all the action going on, I'm beginning to burn with passion again.  After a
few minutes, Killer moves to mount me, inserting his hard prick into my
bare cunt.  He begins to pump furiously, but his pecker keeps slipping out.
Its so frustrating, because he just gets me going and then slips out and
pumps at empty air.  Then he finds the spot again and slips back in for a
few more strokes.  Marcie sees whats happening and abandons my tit to move
behind Killer and help hold him in place.  There, thats MUCH better!  Now I
can get into the rythmn of the fuck.  The two guys move to my sides, Ron's
cock slipping from my mouth.  Laurie moves out of the way, and I can see
the two guys masturbating.  I hope that they will come all over my swollen
titties.  Laurie, feeling left out for the moment, kneels over my head. 
Her hairy bush is just inches from my mouth and I can see her pussy lips
moving from her arousal.  She lowers herself slowly onto my waiting lips,
and my tongue moves hesitantly out to touch them.  I've never eaten another
woman, so I wonder what she will taste like.  Mmmmm, delicious!  But I
can't see how the guys are doing (or even if they still are).  Killer is
still humping my quaking quim and my hips are grinding back at him.  My
tongue begins to move quicker on Laurie's pussy lips, stimulating her to
greater heights.  She's now moaning in pleasure and I wonder if she
remembers I'm down here and need to breathe!  Suddenly I feel hot cum
splatter all over my tits and belly.  At almost the same instant, Killer's
knot slips inside my cunt lips.  I quickly clamp down with my pussy muscles
to help hold him inside as he pumps his doggy cum all over my insides.  My


own orgasm sweeps over me and I moan into Laurie's pussy.  She rewards me
with lots of girl juices as she climaxes loudly.  I feel warm hands begin
massaging my tits again, a bit rougher this time.  Its the guys, rubbing
their cum into my skin.  And Killer is still locked into my pussy.  Marcie
and Laurie come around and help the guys wotk the cum into my now-softening
tits and nipples.  They keep it up for about five minutes, till Killer's
knot shrinks enough to let him slip out of my pussy.  
    
    I realise that everyone in our group has had a climax except maybe
Marcie, who was helping keep Killer from slipping out of me.  I ask her,
and she admits to not cumming but says not to worry, Limey, Ron and
Laurie's Old English Sheepdog will take care of her after I've recovered.
She wants to kneel over the edge of the platform we're on and get fucked in
the doggy position.  After a few minutes, I ask if there's a bathroom where
I can clean up a bit before more action.  They direct me to it and I go in
and clean the doggy cum off my pussy, legs and ass.  But I don't wash the
cum off my chest.  Remembering how good it felt being massaged in, I decide
to leave it.  Rejoining the others in the living room, I grab a sandwich
off a pile on the table, along with a drink.  I never knew getting fucked
was such HARD work!

    Looking around I notice that one of the other women, (Barbara?) has
been tied with her back against the wall in a spread-eagle position.  She's 
naked, and thus all of her except her ass is available.  I go over to her
and she smiles at me.  "How's it going, Susan?"  "I'm enjoying it," I
reply, "but I don't know if I can hold out till everyone's done with me." 
"Well, don't worry about it.  Most of the people here are able to guage
just about how much a woman can take.  And of course, all us women have
gone through it ourselves when we joined.  We kinda look out for the new
ones.  But you may be pushed a little bit beyond what you're used to."
"Do you enjoy being bound like this?", I ask her.  "Yes," Barbara answers,
"I do.  This way I have no control over what happens to me.  Most of the
dogs can't get to my cunt because of the position, but all of them except
the Cocker Spaniel over there can sure tongue me.  With a little work, the
men can fuck me as I'm standing here though.  And of course any of you can
get at my tits to bite, suck or pinch."  "Sounds delicious," I respond. 
I'll have to try it some time."  "Do," she says, "but ask them to blindfold
you too.  That way you don't know who's doing what.  And it really
heightens your other senses as well.  You FEEL everything!"  I lean over
and lick each of her nipples and she tries to press her tits into my face. 
But I back off, grab a blindfold from the nearby table, and place it over
her eyes.  "Oh, thank you, Susan," she says.

    As I move around the room, I see a redheaded woman lying on her back
being licked by a Collie.  She's Linda, a friend of Carl.  He has his cock
stuck deep in her throat, fucking her face.  The Collie is licking
furiously and Linda has her feet wrapped over his back.  Her hips are
bucking madly and she seems about to cum.  "Come over here, Susan," calls a
blonde-haired couple from the platform in the middle of the room.  There's
another couple there as well, and so is my boyfriend John.  The blonde
haired couple introduce themselves as Peter and Pam and the other two as
Jack and Jill.  "Can you believe that combination of names?", laughs Jack.
Pam suggests that I lie down on my stomach on the platform.  Of course I
do so, wondering what they have in mind.  I soon find out!  

    I feel my arms and legs being stretched out toward the corners of the
platform.  Then a soft fastening goes around each wrist and ankle, and
these are in turn tied to ropes extending from each corner.  I'm not pulled


so tightly that it hurts, but it does restrict my movements.  I also feel a
leather strap placed across the small of my back, thus holding me down
there too.  Soft warm hands begin massaging my extremities, relaxing my
muscles.  I hadn't realised how tense they had become.  Gradually they move
inward toward the trunk of my body and begin working on my buttocks and
shoulders; then down into my lower back.  I'm somewhat surprised that
nothing sexual has happened.  This back massage takes around half an hour
or so.  I'm then released from my bonds, rolled over, and refastened. 
Again the massage starts at my wrists and ankles and works inward.  They do
avoid my pussy and tits though.  I'm beginning to become aroused from the
LACK of sexual stimulation!  How's that for a "turnaround" situation?
Anyway, this goes on for around half an hour on the front side too.  In the
last several minutes they do play with my pussy and my nipples till I'm on
the edge of cumming; then they stop, leaving me frustrated and relaxed at
the same time!  Hell of a situation to leave a girl in!  They leave me
secured in this manner, telling me I'll probably be disturbed before long. 
I drift off into a state of horny sleep.

    Some time later I awake to feel a tongue on my pussy.  Its the Cocker
Spaniel of Carl and Linda.  He's smaller than any of the other dogs, but
Oh, what a job his tongue does.  Its the softest one yet and not as long as
some of the others, but its lots faster.  It flicks lightly over my clitty,
stimulating it madly, and I feel the first waves of orgasm sweeping over me
almost instantly.  I cry out loudly, "I'm cumming!  I'M CUMMING!  AAAhhhh!
Soooooo good!"  The spaniel takes a few more licks and then wanders away as
I come down from my high.  But I wonder why he didn't fuck me.  I still
want a cock in my pussy.  A male voice whispers in my ear, "Hi, Susan.  I'm
Vic.  Had enough yet?"  "Never enough," I whisper back.  "Well, maybe I can
help you out then," he replies.  He loosens the ropes holding me in
position and then pulls me lower on the platform till my ass is just barely
on the edge; then he refastens the ropes and strap so I can't move much. 
He places a blindfold over my eyes and then kisses my nipples.  "Enjoy!,"
he whispers, but nothing else happens for what seems like hours.  I'm
almost asleep again when I feel another tongue on my pussy.  Dog, man, or
woman?  From the touch, I think its a man... but I'm not really sure.  It
stimulates me knowingly, then suddenly leaves me high and dry (or should I
say, high and wet).  Again I drift toward dreamland when I suddenly feel a
hot cock plunge balls deep in my wet pussy.  From the indications, I think
its a man but I have no idea who it is.  After several hard fast strokes,
he cums inside me.  I still haven't had a climax... but almost immediately
I feel my cunt refilled.  This time its one of the dogs!  I can tell by the
hair and the heat.  OH!  It feels SOOOOO  GOOD!  Hard!  Hot!  Fast!  I Cry
out, "Fuck me, boy!  Fusk meeeee!  Come on boy, fuck me harder!  Faster! 
Oh!  AAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!  I'm cumming!"  I can feel his doggy
cock flying in and out.  He cums in my cunt at the same time I do.  I'm
really feeling fantastic now, as he pulls out.  Immediately I feel another
cock re-occupy the space just vacated.  And this dog begins to move inside
me.  I'm getting even hotter, and he fucks me faster.  Before I can cum
again, he finishes, spraying my vaginal walls with about a gallon of cum,
it feels like.  As soon as he pulls out, his cock is replaced by a soft
tongue.  I can feel long hair brushing my legs and stomach, so I know it
must be one of the other women.  But who?  I don't know, but her tongue is
sure doing a job on my clitty.  "I'm cumming again!" I scream.  By now,
everyone must be awake.  GOD!  I'm just not naturally noisy in sex, but I
just can't help myself!  Her tongue leaves me, and one of the men stuffs
the fattest cock I think I've ever felt inside me.  Just a few strokes and
I'm cumming again.  "AAIIYYEEII!  Fuck Me!  I wanna CUM now!  Fuck mee
faster, harder!"  He cums too, and slips off, to be immediately replaced by


another of the dogs.  I still can't see which one, but it really doesn't
matter as long as I can cum some more.  Three or four more take me in rapid
succession.  I've never been fucked so much in my life!  I feel like I'm
drowning in cum!  Doggy cum!  Man cum!  More doggy cum!  I've cum myself
more times than I thought humanly possible.  The dog thats on me now is
fucking me harder and faster than any of the others.  I can feel his cock
humping in and out, harder, faster.  And because of the bonds, all I can do
is lie here and take it.  I can't really even get my own hips moving
because of the strap across them.  "Ooohh, Fuck me, doggy!  Make me cum!"
This dog certainly knows what he's doing!  "AAAIIIEEEE!!"  I reach a
climax, and as I do, I feel his knot slip inside my clasping pussy.  Soooo
good!  He's cumming all over inside me!  Hot doggy cum!  And then he's
through, but still locked into my pussy.  Someone removes the blindfold and
releases my arms.  I raise them around the big mixed-breed dog thats still
locked into my pussy and hug him tightly.  As I do, the onlookers applaud
me and congratulate me on taking on so many.  How many was it? Six? Eight?
Ten?  Who's counting when you're having fun!  John curls up beside me,
kisses my lips, and says, "I love you, honey."  I reach out and squeeze his
hand, then put my arm back around the dog still stuck in my cunt.  I also
wrap my legs around his back to help keep him in.  With my human lover
beside me, and my animal lover's cock still deep in my cunt, I drift off to
dreamland once again.

    When I wake up again, its light outside.  John and I are alone in the
room, on the platform where I've been fucked like never before.  Even the
dog who was still stuck in my pussy when I went to sleep has slipped out
and away.  I lie there quietly, thinking over the night's experience.  I
know its been one of the most exciting times of my life,and I wonder if
anything could surpass it.  But I look forward to many more sessions of the
Kennel Club, and especially to getting my own dog, and training him to fuck
and lick me just the way I like.

    The door opens and our hosts, Chris and Jean, come in.  "Glad to see
you're finally awake, sleepyhead!" Chris grins at me.  "Come on and clean 
up a bit; then we'll have some breakfast."  I wake John, and we follow
Chris and Jean to a large bathroom with a shower, bidet, and a sunken tub
big enough for six.  They lead me to the shower and we all take turns
washing each other.  Jean shows me how to use the bidet to clean my cunt
and ass while the men watch; then we all adjourn to the sunken tub, which
is filled with steaming water.  AAahh!  Feels good.  After a nice long
soak Jean goes to the kitchen, and soon returns with a light breakfast. 
When we've finished they ask us if we want to leave, or join them by the
pool.  We decide to hit the pool, and the cool water feels good to us. 
Chris has been admiring my shaven slit and asks Jean what she thinks of it.
Jean replies that it looks sexy to her, and John asks if she'd like to be
shaved.  After a bit of hesitation, Jean agrees.  Chris asks John to do the
job for the first time but Jean protests, "I want you to do it, honey."
Chris says, "Well, I'm a bit nervous about it.  I might cut you.  Lets
compromise.  I'll cut all the long hair off with a scissors, and John can
do the actual shaving."  John says, "Sounds interesting.  BUT I think Susan
should do the honours!"  Jean shivers and says "OK.  I'll go for that!"  And
afterward, as a reward, King can fuck Susan again.  Then if he'll go twice,
he can do me.  That OK with you guys?"  Chris and John agree, and Chris
goes off to get the scissors, razor, and shaving cream.  Jean stretches out
on one of the lounge chairs near the enclosed pool and watches
apprehensively as Chris returns with the equipment.  Chris asks her if she
still wants to go through with it, and Jean says yes.  He tells her to
spread her legs and starts in with the scissors.  Snip!  Snip!  Snip! 


Before long, Jean's pubic hair is down to a quarter inch long or less.
Then Chris goes and gets a towel that he's had soaking in hot water.  He
places it on her cunt area.  After a minute or two, he replaces it with
another one.  Jean's hips are beginning to move a bit as the heat from the
towels begins to penetrate her cunt, making her feel hot.  Then he hands me
the shave cream and razor, saying "She's all yours.  Be careful, now."  I
put my hand under the towel and lightly stroke her pussy lips.  "You're
going to enjoy your new look, Jean.  Chris, bring a mirror so she can see
what she looks like when I'm done."  I put some shave cream on my fingers,
remove the towel, and spread it around.  It looks like whipped cream all
over her pretty pussy.  Then with several long strokes, most of the hair is
removed.  I tell Jean to hold very still now, as I'm going to shave the
vaginal lips.  I grasp one lip firmly and stretch it tightly.  Carefully I
remove all the hair on it, then remove the hair on the other one.  While
I've been shaving her John has been kneading her 38C titties, but he slows
down his massage as I shave the lips.  I wash off the last traces of
shaving cream and Jean asks to see the results.  "Not just yet," I say. 
"I've got to be sure we got them all."  My tongue goes into her bare slit
as I check for any remaining hair the same way John does when he shaves me.
A little judicious licking turns up a few that I've missed as well as
turning up Jean's heat in the process.  After removing those few hairs, we
show Jean her pussy in the mirror.  "Ooohh, that looks neat", she says. 
John pulls her back on the lounger and again begins massaging her tits.  I
lean forward and resume my cunt-lapping.  Jean is turning on all over,
moaning, hips wriggling.  As she wraps her legs around my shoulders to help
hold me in place, I feel King mounting me doggy style from the back.  I try
to angle my hips to give him a better angle but its not quite right.  Chris
flops down a mattress beside us and suggests that Jean move onto it.  Since
King isn't into me yet, we all break up and move to the mattress.  Back
into position.  Jean on her back, John at her head massaging her tits, me
kneeling between her legs, King mounting me from the rear, and Chris just
watching the spectacle!  I feel King's hot doggy dick extended and sliding
up my leg.  AAAHHH!  This time he's got it!  Straight into mu cunt!  And as
he starts to fuck me, I tongue Jean's pussy lips and clit in time to my own
fucking.  Since we're outdoors, we'll have to hold down the noise so we
don't disturb the neighbours.  Won't be a problem for me - I've got my mouth
full of pussy which should muffle my noises.  But what about Jean?  I
remember her being very noisy every time she came last night.  Glancing up,
I see the problem has been solved.  John has his cock in her mouth and
she's avidly sucking him dry!  Fuck!  Slurp!  Gobble!  We go on and on. 
King seems to be setting the pace.  As he fucks faster or slower, I lick
Jean's pussy faster or slower.  And she passes the action on to John's
cock.  King is now really "pouring the coal to it" as he fucks me
incredibly hard and fast.  I'm cumming like blazes, and I can feel Jean's
girl juices flowing into my mouth.  I lick them all up and then relax as
King pulls his softening cock out of my pussy.  Looking up I see that
John's cock is slipping out of Jean's mouth.  He's cumming all over her
face, and she's licking up all she can get and smiling happily.  Chris
says, "God, that was a sexy scene," and I notice his cock is still standing
straight up.  "Want me to take care of that for you?", I ask.  Jean
immediately chimes in, "I'll help you!"  Giggling, we both go over and
begin sucking on his long hard prong.  John comes over and begins playing
with both our pussies at the same time.  Within a minute or two Chris
shoots his load, and Jean and I have a friendly fight over who'll get to
lick up the last drop.

    We all relax for a while, and then John and I make our exit.  On the
way home I tell him how happy he's made me, introducing me to the Kennel
Club.  I know now, with this group of friends, that I'll never lack for
sexual fulfillment.  I also ask him how soon we can go get a dog for me to
start training.  He just looks at me and smiles!

                ~~~~Sweet Sue
