========                                                          
A Man, His Wife, and Her Friend 
by 
Cyrus Lovely  

-------
The Man   
-------

     The doorbell rang and Sheila answered it. "Oh, Mandy," she said,
"I'm so glad you stopped by! Come on back to the kitchen. What a
coincidence. My husband was just saying that, since I'd mentioned you
so often, he'd like to meet you. And here you are!"     

     "Yes, here I am," Mandy laughed. "Are you sure I haven't meet your
husband some time?"
     "If you have, he doesn't remember it. And I don't think he'd
forget someone as stunning as you." Mandy was indeed stunning. Honey
blond and wearing a bright, winning smile, she was slim in the  hips
with a flat tummy and curvacious bouncing bosom. 

     "Oh, you're just saying that!" Mandy protested, unconvincingly. 

     "Not at all, I'm just stating the obvious." 

     A tall dark-haired man rose to greet them when they entered the
kitchen. "Kevin, this is Mandy," Sheila introduced him. "Hello," Mandy
said hesitantly, blushing and turning her head, for Kevin was
completely naked. Sheila put her hand on her friend's arm. "Don' t be
embarrassed," she reassured her, "he almost never wears clothes when
he's home. It's OK." 

     "But couldn't he put on a robe when your friends come around?"
Mandy asked. "Don't be silly, Mandy," Sheila chided her, "that's just
the time when he doesn't wear a robe. Isn't that right, Kevin?" 

     "Yes!" Kevin said. 

     "Come on now, Mandy," Sheila coaxed, "I think he's really, really
attractive. Look at him and tell me if you agree." 

     Mandy turned her back to Kevin and said to Sheila, "This is crazy.
What have you two got going, anyway? I come in and you show me your
husband as though he were a wonderful new set of china. What am I
supposed to do? Ooh and aah?" 

     "That's a great idea! Let's hear a great big 'OOOOH" for Kevin!"
Sheila laughed happily. "But you've got to see  him first," she added.
When Mandy just looked at her, Sheila continued, "Ok, ok. It's a game
Kevin and I play. We take turns being each other's 'slave' and today
was his turn. I told him this morning he'd have to stay naked all day,
even and perhaps especially if some of my friends dropped in. The
rules of the game require the 'slave' to do whatever the 'master,' or
in my case the 'mistress,' tell him to do. He isn't allowed to speak,
incidentally, unless I address him directly. (I have the suspicion, by
the way, that I'll get the same treatment when my time comes!) So be a
sport, Mandy. Turn around and ogle him, look him up and down. Don't
hesitate he's just a 'slave'!" 

     "You guys are weird," Mandy declared, but nevertheless she glanced
at  Kevin, looked away, and looked back, this time not diverting her
eyes from his body, though Sheila noticed she avoided looking at his
face. 

     "Kevin," Sheila said, "bring me a clean dish towel." He went to a
cabinet the women watched his dangling penis swing when he walked and
returned with the requested item, which she tied around his head,
covering his eyes. "Now, Mandy, you can look without him looking back.
Doesn't that make you feel better about it?" 

     "Yes, I guess it does," Mandy admitted, scrutinizing Sheila's
naked husband more boldly. "He's limp," she said, beginning to get into
the spirit of the game, "and that's an insult to me. I  thought I was
sexier than that." 

     "Oh, no, you're as sexy as ever," Sheila replied, "all it means is
he's even more embarrassed than you are! But that's a benefit for us
because now we get to watch his prick get hard." 

     "It doesn't seem to be doing that now," Mandy said skeptically.
"It will and you can make it happen." "How?" Mandy asked, eager now.
"Rub his nipples! Go on: pinch them, roll them between your fingers,
pull them. And if you want him really hard, suck them. Kevin! Mandy's 
going to play with your tits!" Kevin put his hands behind his back and
thrust out his chest. Sheila, though not Mandy, noticed his penis
twitch.

     "Are you sure it's alright?" Mandy queried, "He's your husband."
     
     "Of course, it is! Isn't that right, Kevin." 

     "Yes," Kevin answered, and this time Mandy, too, saw the twitch.
She stood at arms length from him. Gingerly, she put her hands on the
reddish pimples protruding from his hairless chest, and began slowly to
rotate her palms over them, feeling them stiffen with her touch. 

     "Be sure to watch his prick, Mandy," Sheila said. Mandy looked
down and discerned that, indeed, the male organ was firming. So she
took each pseudo teat between a thumb and forefinger and compressed it.
The penis rose, though still pointing downward at an angle. When she
pulled the nipples out from his body, tugged, and the angle became
perpendicular, she clampe d her lips onto his left breast while rolling
the right between her fingers. 

     "Oh, Mandy!" Sheila gasped, "Look!"  Mandy raised her head and
followed instructions. Kevin's penis, thick and trembling, stood at a
right angle from his body. 

     "May I touch it?" she breathed to Sheila. 

     "Yes, of course, please, please do!" 

     Her hand crept to the throbbing rod of male flesh where she fitted
her fingers around the glans and lightly caressed the tiny hole in its
center with her thumb. Kevin bent his knees and moved hi s pelvis in an
effort to force himself further into her hand. 

     "Lie down, Kevin," Sheila said softly, "Lie on your back on the
floor." He immediately complied, Mandy's hand maintaining its hold on
the handle her caresses had produced. The two women knelt on either
side of him and together they fondled his body: 

     Sheila flicked his erect and sensitive nipples with her
forefingers and Mandy flicked his erect and sensitive penis with her
tongue.  Sheila stroked the hair under his arm and sucked his tongu e
deep into her mouth. Mandy stroked his inner thighs and and sucked his
root deep into her mouth.  Kevin squirmed under their touch and
moaned. In a barely audible voice Sheila said, "Would you like it truly 
in you?" 

     Mandy raised her head and asked plaintively, "May I? May I,
really? You don't mind? I mean, after all, he's, well, he's . . . ." 
     "Be my guest, Mandy. Enjoy!" Urgently, Mandy kicked her shoes
away, stripped off her pantyhose, and, lifting her skirt, moved to
straddle her friend's prostrate husband. "Wait," Sheila said. "Your
dress is in the way. Take it off, in fact, take off everything. And I
will, too. We can enjoy him together!"  Naked, they faced each other
across the equally naked male with a fully erect penis pointing toward
his navel. Mandy stood at his feet, Sheila at his head. Together they
were an exemplary illustration of the similarity, yet the difference,
in female forms: Sheila was compact and petite; Mandy was taller and
more fleshy.  Sheila's legs were short and delicate; Mandy's legs were
long and sturdy. Sheila's short dark hair was reflected in her thick
and curly pubic thatch; Mandy's long straight blond hair likewise
harmonized with her thin and wavy genital pelt.  Sheila's breasts,
small with longish thin nipples, drooped scarcely at all; Mandy's
breasts, very large with plump dimpled nipples, swung down and out from
her chest. 

     They grinned impishly at one another and Sheila said, "Ready?"
"Ready!" Mandy responded and, kneeling, held Kevin's stalwart penis at
the entrance to her womb, and slowly settled her body onto it.  At the
same time Sheila knelt over his head, separated her vaginal petals with
her fingers, and lowered them to his lips. "You may lick me now,
Kevin," she said, and he eagerly began to lap over, around, and within
her covert delicacies. 

     Mandy slowly moved her vagina upon the welcome visitor within it.
"I am very well filled, very well filled indeed," she said and leaned
forward to rest her hands on the floor beside Kevin's body, a motion
that caused her heavy breasts to swing down, brushing his chest. 

     Sheila kept herself from settling completely onto Kevin's face, so
he could breathe while he executed  cunnilingus, which is a husband's
pleasurable duty. As his tongue on her clitoris increasingly excited
her, she stroked Mandy's soft blond hair. Suddenly she said, "Mandy,
may I hold your breasts?" 

     "Yes, yes, yes!" Mandy gasped as Kevin thrust against her and her
climax approached. Sheila seized the double handfuls of uniquely female 
flesh that hung beneath her and breathed, "Stop moving, Mandy; hold
off, if you can." 

     Breaking his silence, Kevin panted, "I can't hold off, no matter
what she does!" 

     "Just keep sucking me, yes, oh yes! Suck, suck, suck!" Sheila
screamed, and then, "Fuck him, Mandy, fuck him! Let's come !" And come
they did, the three of them together in a gigantic corporate orgasm. 
     The women dressed and Mandy left. Only then did Sheila take the
towel from Kevin's eyes.  

--------
The Wife 
--------

     The doorbell rang and Kevin answered  it. "Oh, Mandy," he said,
"I'm delighted you stopped by. Come on back to the family room. What a
coincidence. My wife and I were just reminiscing about the last time
you were here. She was remarking about the marvelous time she'd had." 
     "Then I can reminisce with her. Because I, too, had a marvelous
time. How about you?" Kevin simply put his hand to his chest, rubbed
his left nipple through his shirt, and smiled. She returned his smile
and squeezed one of her own breasts. No words were needed. 

     As Mandy preceded him through the hall, Kevin admired her
rippling bottom, the cheeks of which were encased in skin-tight
designer jeans. Because he had been blindfolded during almost the
entire time when she was there before, he hadn't had much opportunity
to observe her charms, though he definitely had felt them. 

     As they entered the light wood-paneled family room, Kevin said,
"Guess what, Sheila: it was Mandy at the front door." Sheila wore an
almost transparent front-close soft-cup bra with small holes through
which her erect nipples projected, a matching G-string darkened by her
pubic hair visible through it, and high-heeled open-toe mules. She did
not speak. 

     "A-hah, Sheila, so its your turn to be the 'slave,' " Mandy said.
     
     "How did you guess?" Kevin responded. "Fetching outfit I got for
her, don't you think?"  

     Mandy made herself comfortable on the sofa and agreed, "Absolutely
charming, I suppose now you're going to send her out for cigarettes in
it." 

     "That's an interesting idea," Kevin said, "but the rules o f our
game don't allow it. She's not permitted to cover up when visitors
come, but I can't make her expose herself in public." 

     "Too bad," Mandy feigned a sigh.  

     "I suppose you'd suspend that guideline if you were playing this
game," Kevin laughed. 

     "Oh, definitely," Mandy quipped, "I wouldn't have any rules at
all. Anything goes! What's the point in having a slave if you can't
make her or him obey outrageous orders?" 

     "You have a point there," Kevin said. "What do you think, Sheila?
Should we abolish the rule?" 

     "No," said Sheila.  

     "See?" Kevin shrugged, "Nothing to be done about it." 

     "Too bad," Mandy said again. Kevin wasn't positive she was kidding
this time. He reached over and plucked one of Sheila's bare nipples as
if he were picking a berry from a bush. "Nice juicy tid-bit here," he
commented and leaned down to give the tit a quick suck. 

     "May I do that?" Mandy asked from the sofa. 

     "Sure, if you want to. Sheila, take your boobies to Mandy so she
can suck them." Sheila leaned over and rested her hands on the sofa
back, which neatly positioned her spandex-sheathed breasts for Mandy's
mouth to fit onto their exposed tips. 

     While Mandy sucked, Kevin said, "My program today is to find out
how many orgasms Sheila can have between ten and twelve o'clock. Since
its almost ten right now, you got here just in time to help me produce
them." 

     Mandy took her lips away from Sheila's nipple long enough to say,
"You can't produce her orgasms; only she can do that." 

     "Is that right, Sheila?" Kevin asked. 

     "No,"  Sheila said and shifted her breast slightly in Mandy's
mouth." 

     "See?" Kevin said. Mandy's response  was to nip her friend's tit
with her teeth and Sheila yelped. 

     "I didn't tell you to speak!" Kevin said with mock sternness and
then went on, to Mandy, "I'm also going to make her come in different
positions and places." He glanced at his watch. "Ten on the dot; time
to start. Would you mind pulling down the G-string and checking if
she's prepared?"  

     Mandy drew away the patch of cloth covering the fuzzy mound in
front of her, put her hand on it and fingered the dark hairs. She moved
her head affirmatively without removing her mouth from Sheila's breast.


     "I thought she would be," Kevin said. "Ok, Sheila, you may
straighten up now." When she stood her reddened and elongated nipple
popped from Mandy's lips and the wisp of fabric that had covered her
groin fell to her ankles. "You really ought to 'do' the other tit,
Mandy," he said, "but we must get on with the experiment." 

     "I'm disappointed, of course," Mandy pouted prettily, "but I'll
survive." 

     "That's a relief!" Kevin laughed and settled into a chair. "Ok,
Sheila, it's time for 'O number 1.' Mandy says you're the only one who
can produce orgasms so we'll begin with one you do all by yourself. She
and I will sit here and watch while you masturbate. It would be nice if
you could come standing up, but if that becomes difficult please feel
free to sit or lie on the floor." 

     Sheila looked a little dismayed, but she  stepped out of the
G-string, kicked it away  with one of her heels, and immediately held
her breasts, looking down at them while she gently stroked their bare
tips with her thumbs. Then, with closed eyes, she raised her fingers to
her shaved armpits and trailed them down her sides to her hips and
around to her inner thighs before squeezing her mons veneris with one
palm and her gently swelling belly with the other. (Kevin noticed that,
outside her jeans, Mandy's  hand pressed onto her own mons.) 

     Her feet wide apart, Sheila separated her vaginal lip s with two
fingers of each hand and began to massage them, first gently and then
with steadily increasing intensity. The muscles of her hips and
buttocks tightened and her breasts strained against the filmy cloth
containing them. Suddenly she thrust two fingers deep into her vagina
and pressed her clitoris firmly with another. The only sound came from
panted breaths escaping her parted lips. 

     For their part, Mandy and Kevin held their breaths as Sheila kept
her fingers motionless for what seemed an interminable time. Then
abruptly the fingers in her vulva began to piston in and out of their
slippery envelope and the finger on her clitoris began to revolve
rhythmically. At the same time her pelvis thrust against the fingers
within and on it and her heavier breathing caused her out-thrust bosom
to swell and tremble. 

     She maintained this excited motion for what seemed to her audience
to be a very long time. Just as suddenly as she had begun, she stopped
and, without removing her hands, rested, her head thrown back, her
eyes still closed, her mouth open, her breasts rising and falling as
much as the brassiere would allow. And then, with one mighty shove she
buried her fingers in her vagina and, furiously rubbing her clitoris,
came with an ecstatic cry, her entire body shaking with tension's
release. 

     And still she stood, though she swayed on her high heels. When
the convulsions subsided, she moved her feet together, put her hands at
rest behind her, and stood very straight.  

     "Number One!" she said with a smile.  Kevin looked at Mandy, who
rather sheepishly took her hand away from her groin. He then glanced at
his watch. 

     "About thirty minutes," he said. "At that rate, we should get many 
more before noon." 

     "I doubt that," Mandy commented. "The next ones will take longer
and may not even be possible." 

     "Is that true, Sheila?" 

     "I don't know," Sheila replied. 

     "So we'll just have to find out. Won't we?" 

     "Yes," Sheila said. 

     "Take off the bra. I think it's time we let the tits loose," Kevin
said. Without her brassiere Sheila was totally naked except for her
mules, which Kevin had determined she would retain all morning.

      "Sometimes I wish I had breasts like that," Mandy mused. 

     "Why?" Kevin asked, puzzled because he thought the plain white
blouse she wore bulged very nicely indeed. 

     "They're small enough not to sag but full enough to be a good
handful," she replied. "Mine literally droop." 

     "I liked it when they 'drooped' onto my chest the other day,"
Kevin smiled at the memory. Mandy returned his smile. (They both 
ignored the silent and demurely naked Sheila.) 

     "That's right, you couldn't see them, could you?" 

     "I had a towel over my eyes, you may remember." 

     "I'm tempted to show them to you now, but you probably don't want
any diversion from your 'experiment.'" 

     "Oh, I don't know, another bare-bosomed woman might be just the
thing to bring on the next orgasm." 

     "You don't fool me!" Mandy laughed as she unbuttoned her shirt and
slipped it off. "You just want to see my naked titties." Her bra
followed her shirt onto  the floor. "And here they are!" She leaned
forward and dangled her heavy breasts before him. 

     Kevin looked at them appreciatively. "Very nice, indeed," he said,
"You're welcome to 'droop' them over me any time you want to. But I was
serious, partly at least, when I said your bare bosom could help
generate Sheila's next orgasm. More than that, though, would you be
interested in fondling her to climax while I watch?" 

     "May I? I'd love it!" 

     "Then she's all yours. Bring her off as quickly as you can,
though.  I haven't given up on a grand total of at least four. Ready
for 'O number 2,' Sheila?" 

     "I'm ready," Sheila replied and ruffled her pubic hair. 

     Mandy held her own abundant breasts in her hands and gently rubbed
their button-like nipples against Sheila's little spikes before taking
her friend fully into her arms. Their four breasts pressed close
together, Mandy rubbed her jeans against Sheila's naked groin. As she
did so, she placed her lips on those of the dark-haired woman. 

     Sheila returned the kiss with a passion that surprised Kevin, who
realized he was learning for the first time that his wife was capable
of ardent sex with another woman. Without breaking the kiss, Mandy
caressed Sheila's shoulders and back, finally reaching the buttocks,
which she kneaded with her finger tips. Sheila's response was slowly to
rotate her pelvis against Mandy's jeans and to nestle her cereal
bowl-sized breasts against the milk jugs opposite them. After a few
moments, the two female bodies literally writhed against each o ther.
Mandy's fingers wrapped in Sheila's hair ensured that their glistening
lips and flicking tongues did not lose contact. 

     Sheila reached between their bodies, separated her vaginal petals,
and then ground her open vulva and exposed clitoris against the coarse
cloth concealing Mandy's corresponding organs. Seconds later, Sheila's
body stiffened and shook. Her knees buckled and only Mandy's tight
embrace kept her from sinking to the floor. When her legs would hold
her again, Mandy released their lips, fe ll to her own knees and
planted a moist kiss on her friend's already moist nether hair. 

     Sheila, her eyes glazed, smiled at Kevin. "Number Two!" she said.


     "That was beautifully done," Kevin said to Mandy, who was still
kneeling on the floor.  "And expeditiously, too. It's exactly eleven
o'clock with time for two more orgasms before noon." 

     Mandy stood and shook her long blond hair. "She can't do it, she
simply can't do it." 

     "What do you think, Sheila?" Kevin asked. "Are you still willing
to try?" 

     "Of course," Sheila replied. "A slave obeys orders and I'm a
slave." 

     "But you look like a rather exhausted slave," Kevin said kindly.
"Lie on the sofa and relax a bit." Gratefully, Sheila stretched out on
the large divan with her feet together and her head on a small throw
pillow. She folded her hands on her abdomen and closed her eyes.


     "She's really very beautiful," Mandy said. "Thank you for letting
me make her." 

     "It's I who should thank you. It took you less than twenty minutes
to elicit her second orgasm. But it must be a little frustrating for
you not to climax, too," Kevin replied. "Only a little. And I didn't
mind, after all, I knew her orgasm was what really was important."


     "I'll make it up to you some day  if you want me to, of course."


     "Is that a promise?" Mandy grinned broadly. 

     "That's a promise," he declared with emphasis. "But now we must
make haste toward 'O number Three.' He sat on the couch beside his
recumbent wife and put his hand on her thigh. "Are you ready, Sheila?"


     Sheila opened her eyes. "I guess so," she answered a trifle
hesitantly. Kevin combed his fingers through her luxuriant damp hair
and said, "We'll take it slow and easy. All you have to do is focus
your mind on your clit." She nodded and closed her eyes again. He went
to a side table, opened a drawer, took out a dildo, and noticed that
Mandy's eyes widened at the size of it. 

     "I wish my prick was this big," he said. 

     "You don't have to," Mandy said, "it's not the size that matters,
it's what you do with it and I have evidence that your's is a whole
lot more than satisfactory in that regard!" 

     "It's kind of you to say so," Kevin responded, seating himself
again at Sheila's side. He laid the vibrator on the sofa, gently
massaged her belly, and then cupped her breasts, which he fondled
tenderly while he moistened their nipples with his tongue. She
responded with soft purring sounds, raising her bosom to welcome his
ministrations. 

     "May I help?" Mandy asked hungrily. 

     "No," Kevin replied quickly, "this orgasm is mine." Without 
replying, Mandy seated herself nearby and cradled her bare breasts in
her hands, reconciled to being an observer. 

     Kevin eased Sheila's legs apart and studied the ever-strange
region between her thighs. How exotic this familiar female anatomy
would always be and how enticing, how desirable, how exciting. He
slipped a finger into the cavity hidden by puckered skin and hooked a
knuckle around her pelvis bone to press upon the so-called G-spot,
which was corrugated in comparison with the smoothness of the tunnel
leading to it. Sheila raised her hips and exhaled. Keeping his finger
buried in her vagina, Kevin switched on the vibrator with his free hand
and moved it on her pelvic area, coming to rest over her clitoris. He
did not press down but let it hum lightly on the hood of flesh that
shielded the focal point of her sexual excitation. Sheila exhaled 
"Aaah" and stretched her body, luxuriating in the exquisite pleasure.
Slowly Kevin moved the vibrator into the velvety canal between her
clitoris and the entrance to her vagina. He held it there while he
extracted his finger from her warm interior and used it to move away
the hood, revealing her tiny "female penis," red and pointed in
arousal. She flinched when he unexpectedly touched it with the tip of
his tongue, but when he continued to lick she responded with rhythmic
movements of her pelvis and a look of something approaching bliss on
her face. He momentarily interrupted his attention to her clitoris Ñ
exciting to him as well as to her in order to insert the delicately
buzzing vibrator into her vaginal cavity, where he held it as he
returned to her almost infinitesimal focus  of arousal. 

     He had barely begun to tongue when she erupted in orgasmic spasms
that racked her body not once, but many, many times. Kevin did not even
dream of leaving her body until she had completed this most massive
orgasm of the morning.  Sheila didn't open her eyes, but merely
clutched her breasts and opened her thighs further when she
triumphantly said, "Number Three!" 

     "That was more than number three," Mandy observed. "I think you
should count it as three, four, five, and six, at least." 

     "No matter how you count," Sheila said from the couch, "it's not
enough. I want more, more, many more!" 

     "She's kidding," Mandy declared. 

     "Are you kidding?" Kevin asked. 

     "Definitely not!" Sheila sat up and thrust her pert breasts
forward. "And I'm ready now." 

     "It's only 11:20. Maybe you can get two more in before twelve,"
Mandy said. 

     "No need to get sarcastic, Mandy," Kevin said. "She  seems really
to mean it." 

     "I know. I'm jealous that's all." Kevin chose to ignore that and
facing Sheila, proceeded to take off all his clothes. 

     "This time," he said, "we'll do it the way it should be done."


     "It's really not fair to waste that lovely tool on her," Mandy
interjected. "She's already had as many as six orgasms. Use it in a
woman who'll really appreciate it me!" 

     "Now, Mandy," Kevin said gently, holding his erect penis in his
hand, "you know I can't do that." 

     "I'm sorry," she replied, "but I'm so horny I can't stand it.
Don't worry, though, I can handle that myself." She stood, stripped off
her jeans and panties, and stuffed three fingers into her vagina.


     "That's a good girl. You'll feel better in a few minutes," Kevin
grinned. 

     "I'd better!" Mandy declared, but she smiled, too.  

     He then turned his full attention to his naked wife who, despite
her declaration that she desired another orgasm immediately, was still
flushed and quivering from the last one. "Really, Sheila," he said, "I
think we ought to wait until you've rested some more." She leaned
forward, rested her elbows on her knees, and stared at his penis as
though she had never seen it before. 

     "No," she breathed, "I want it. I want it inside of me. I want to
feel it move inside of me. And I want it now." He took her hand,
indicating that she should stand, and held her small, compact body in
his arms. With her erect nipples squashed against his chest and his
upright penis compressed between their equally denuded bellies, he
kissed  her tenderly. Then, his lips moving against hers, he murmured,
"I want to do you doggie style here, on the floor." 

     "Any way you wish," her lips brushed his in reply, "just so you do 
me." 

     Kevin relaxed his grip on her buttocks and her body flowed from
his arms to the carpet, coming to rest on her elbows and wide-spread
knees, her raised bottom prepared for his entry. He knelt behind her
and carefully opened the double doors to her womb with his fingers. The
reddened juicy interior beckoned but he cont ented himself with passing
a thumb over the taut pin at the base of her vertical opening. Sheila
gasped and pressed her breasts to the floor, which raised her lower
offering even further. He held her slippery portals of flesh apart with
the wide-spread fingers of one hand and, with the other, positioned his
now throbbing penis at the open door thereby provided. Slowly, oh, so
slowly, he entered until he was fully inserted, his  hardened
testicles, unable to follow, pressed against her quivering facade. He
rested his hands on the rounded twin hills framing the cavity his rigid
appendage visited and remained motionless for the moment it took to
observe Mandy, her gaze intent on the coupling of her married friends,
feverishly manipulating her own sexual center. He then began his
exploration of Sheila's intimate portion by deliberately moving within
it. His right hand gripped her right cheek but his left moved beneath
his testicles to touch her clitoris and press a finger upon it. Thus
holding her body between his hands, he increased his movements, both
penis and finger.  

     Sheila  moved with him, moaning at first and then crying out, "Oh,
fuck me! Fuck me! Yes! Yes! Fuck! Fuck me!" And fuck her he did,
pounding into her with such force that only his grasp of her buttocks
kept her in place. She came then with a mighty shove upward onto him
and an ecstatic scream that pierced the heretofore stillness of the
morning. Her knees refused to support her further and Kevin gently
allowed her to sink to the floor, his sti ll erect  implement slipping
reluctantly from its sheath. 

     At the sight of his beautifully pulsating erection, dripping with
Sheila's secretions, Mandy's orgasm exploded also and her lovely naked
body quivered rigidly in the chair where she was sitting. Sheila raised
her head and, before, dropping her cheek back to the floor, said
blissfully, "Number Four!" 

     Kevin sat beside her and possessively caressed her spine. He
looked at his watch. "There's ten minutes yet available," he said, "but
I think we'll let  the record stand at four orgasms or, if Mandy has
her way, seven." Sheila turned on her side and propped her head on one
hand. 

     "It was four," she said definitely, "the others were merely
aftershocks." She smiled then at her unadorned female friend, "We
should count yours, too, and make it five!" Suddenly she sat bolt
upright. "It should have been six. Kevin, you didn't come!" 

     Kevin patted his softening penis and said, "My time will come."


     "It could come in the next ten minutes," Mandy said quickly. "St
ick that gorgeous sword of yours in me and we could make it six before
the clock strikes twelve!" 

     "That's kind of you, Mandy, but the only ones that count are
Sheila's." 

     "Kind, hell," Mandy stood and swung her large breasts before his
face. Kevin reached up and squeezed the nearest mammary gland but she
pulled away and, slipping on her jeans and shirt, stuffed her panties
in a pocket and made her exit. 

     "What a fabulous morning!" Sheila said. "It was indeed," Kevin
agreed, "but now that the game's over f or today, how about if we  go
to bed and act like wife and husband?" She reached down and cupped his
genitals.      

     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     * 

     Sheila came into the bathroom where Kevin was shaving one morning
and popped the question: "Mandy asked if she could join our
'master-slave' game. What do you think?" 

     He wiped some shaving cream from around his mouth so he could talk
without swallowing the stuff. "You mean the 'mistress-slave' game,
don't you?" 

     "I might, but she called it ' master-slave.'" 

     "Interesting. I'm not sure. Apparently you're willing, since you
brought it up. Right?" 

     "Well, the fact is she's been an observer and part-time
participant each of the last two times we've played it. It's almost as
though she's already in." 

     "It's OK, I guess, but even though she's sexy as hell, I wouldn't
want her around all the time." 

     "That's pretty much the way I feel about it, too," Sheila said.
"But," she added, "I make one restriction." 

     "What's that?" 

     "She can never be the mistress; always  the slave. I don't want
her ordering you around!" Kevin flicked a glob of saving cream at her.


     "That's my possessive wife, for you." 

     "You damn right!" Sheila said seriously and pinched his right
nipple. 

     "Very well. Suits me," he laughed. "When shall we play again?"

     "Tomorrow morning," she replied. "I've already told her. She'll be
here at nine."  

----------
The Friend 
----------

     Mandy found a note inscribed with her name taped to the front
door. She opened it and read:  

     Slave Girl:    1.   Come in.      
                    2.   Strip.       
                    3.   When you are completely  naked, open the bag
                         in  the hall closet and wear the garments in
                         it.       
                    4.   Walk to the kitchen.       -- Your Master 


     A tingling wave of excitement passed through Mandy's body. Sheila
had told her that, if she wanted to join them, she would be expected to
play the slave part and she had agreed. But to be addressed, on paper
no less, as 'slave girl'  made it even more exciting. She folded the
note and put it in the hip pocket of her jeans to read it after. Once
inside, she lost no time in getting out of her clothes, including,
since she had been instructed to strip completely naked, her wrist
watch, the three rings she always wore, and the two pins that kept
strands of blond hair from falling into her face. 

     Now that's naked,  she thought. 

     On the closet floor was a small travelling case that opened from
the top. When she swung the lid up she found a piece of paper covering
the stacked trays designed for jewelry and other small items. It wa s
another note:  

     Slave Girl: Attire yourself with the items in the order in  which
     you find them.                    --Your Master  


     Beneath the note was a  wisp of a bra with stiff dark red satin
cups rimmed by dainty black lace with a clip to hold them together.
Mandy eagerly wrapped its string strap around her back, fitted her
considerable bosom into the cups, and closed the clip.  The effect was
startling even to her, for although the bra lifted her breasts and
pressed them together, it cupped their area and caused the exposed
two-thirds to bulge upward with their exposed nipples  standing out in
most remarkable fashion. 

     Keen to discover what other wonders resided in the case, she
lifted out the top tray and set it aside. Beneath it were two tassels,
one with a tuft of black yarn attached to a black circle of soft
plastic with a hole in the center by a thick red braid about six inches
long. Otherwise identical, the colors were reversed on the other one
red tassel, black braid, red plastic  circle.  There was no note, but
Mandy didn't need to be told what these were for. Steadying her left
breast with one hand, she carefully placed the black plastic circle
over its tip. The circle completely covered the breast's areola while
her stiff nipple protruded through the hole. She pressed on the circle
and it clung to her flesh. Then, when she had fastened the red plastic
circle to her right breast, she waved the tassels to and fro,
intrigued that they tickled a little when they brushed her upper
abdomen. Kevin and Sheila were certainly dressing her as a slave girl
should be! 

     The bottom of the case contained a pair of unmatched shoes one
was red and one was black  with the highest heels Mandy had ever seen
(could she walk in those?) and a skirt composed of red and black cords
with tassels attached, identical to those hanging from her breasts,
that were fastened to a black band at about two-inch intervals. She
stepped through the band and drew it to her waist where it refused to
stay, slipping instead to her hips. It was not a skirt designed to
conceal the body of the woman who wore it. 

     When she reached for the shoes, Mandy noticed that something
seemed to be inside one of them. There was. It was a G-string of red
satin with black lace that precisely matched one of the bra cups. She
pulled it on, fitted the patch of satin over her blond-haired pubes,
and felt the thong between her legs snuggle across her anus. She
slipped her feet into the shoes and tottered a few steps before she
became comforta ble walking virtually on tip-toe. By the time she
reached the kitchen, however, she stepped confidently, the tassels
dancing about her as she did so. 

     Sheila scarcely looked up from her newspaper when Mandy came
through the door, but she called out, "Kevin, your slave girl's finally
here." 

     "Tell her to come to me." Kevin's voice came from the bedroom.

     "You heard him. Go," Sheila said. 

     Kevin, naked, sat on the edge of the bed fondling his penis. "I
need a discharge, slave girl," he said, "so you'll have to work for
your breakfast which will consist of semen." 

     Feeling for all the world like a real slave girl, Mandy dropped to
her knees between his legs, licked a drop of pre-come from the tip of
his semen dispenser, and then took it fully into her mouth and throat.
Leaning back on his arms, Kevin watched Mandy's head bob up and down
and mentally congratulated his wife for finding and choosing the
slave-girl costume at Frederick's of Hollywood. And, though he hadn't
been at the time, he was now grateful to  Sheila for encouraging him
not to ejaculate inside her the previous night. Save it for Mandy's
breakfast, she had said. 

     His thoughts didn't stay on those extraneous matters for long,
however, because Mandy's exertions were fast  producing their intended
effect. Her lips alternately closed around his glans and slid silkily
down the length of his shaft. At the same time she manipulated his
testicles separately with the fingers of her two hands. The result was
exquisite and almost painful pleasure, which he maintained by sheer
force of will until that became impossible and his body involuntarily
ejected two days accumulation of semen into her throat. She swallowed
but kept the penis in her mouth until it became soft enough for her to
bring in the testicles as well, thus filling her mouth with his
genitalia. Then a surprising thing happened, surprising, at least, to
Kevin, though Mandy had hoped the continuing action of her tongue and
the sucking of her lips would cause his erection to return. As the
penis stiffened, the gonads slipped from her mouth and once again her
lips surrounded  firmer male flesh. 

     Kevin put his hand on her head. "Let's stop now, slave girl," he
said. "You've had enough protein for the moment and I want to save any
I have left for later." Reluctantly, Mandy abandoned the delicious
morsel she had proudly created and rose to her feet. Kevin stood, too.
His polished penis stood with him and the sight of Mandy's erotic body
in her erotic costume did nothing to encourage it to subside. He 
started to move toward her when they heard the front doorbell ring. 

     "That will be the man coming to repair the refrigerator," he said,
"go let him in and bring him to the kitchen and don't hesitate to
'entertain' him while you do it." In the back of her mind, Mandy had
expected something like this, and she also had a pretty good idea as to
what Kevin expected of her in the way of "entertainment." Her already
erect nipples became even harder with excitement as she walked through
the living room to the do or, her oscillating hips making the tassels
bounce about her legs. 

     The doorbell rang again and Mandy said, "Just a moment, please."

     She extended one bare leg through the tassels and put the opposite
hand on her hip beneath them. Only then did she turn the knob, placing
her hand on her exposed thigh as the door swung open. "Yes?" she said
in a low sultry voice. 

     The repair man, who thought he had seen everything when it comes
to at-home customers, stumbled back a step and looked at his feet. He
was short and perhaps a little past middle age with long straggly
thinning hair. His belly, which hung over the belt of his baggy jeans,
was too big for his shirt adequately to cover, so it bulged whitely
through the space left by two unfastened buttons. In one grease-stained
hand he held a metal tool box. 

     "Yes?" Mandy said again, "What may I do for you?" Only a deaf man
would have failed to hear the suggestion in her words. 

     He looked directly at her then and said with a lecherous grin on
his bristly face, "I've come to fix the frige, mam." 

     Mandy sensuously stroked her thigh and made her bosom quiver. "Oh,
yes! It desperately needs attention!" she breathed. "Come  .  . . 
after me." She locked her hands behind her neck (which, of course,
raised her breasts and caused their tassels to tremble) and turned
slowly on her stilt-like heels.  Emphasizing her hips with every
deliberate step, she strutted slowly toward the kitchen, knowing full
well that the swinging tassels left none of her fanny to his
imagination. 

     Sheila  and Kevin, wearing robes, sat at the kitchen table, coffee
cups in hand, studying the morning paper. Sheila looked up when she saw
Mandy with the repair man panting after her. "You must be the one who's
going to fix the refrigerator," she said as though there was nothing
out of the usual. 

     "That's right," he replied gruffly, "what's wrong with it?" 

     "The light won't go on when the door opens. It's so annoying!"
Sheila told him. "Alright then," he said busily, "let's just take a
look at it." Mandy pulled open the door and, as he bent to peer in, one
of her tit tassels brushed his balding head and he leered up at her
lustfully. He immediately got out a screwdriver and began to remove the
door switch. (Kevin knew the only problem was the bulb, which he had
deliberately broken.) Watching him, Mandy leaned her breasts over the
low door and made sure that one of their tassels swung on either side
of the repair man's grizzled face. He turned his head from side to side
against them as he worked, obviously taking his time to remove only two
screws. 

     When the switch finally was unbolted, he pulled it out and
unattached the wires, holding it up for Mandy's approval as though he
had done something marvelous. Then, when he bent down to examine the
wires, one of her nipple tassels caught in his beard bristles and it
came off with a quiet pop. 

     "Gee, I'm sorry, mam," he said and made as though he would hand it
back to her. "I'd love  for you to put it back on," Mandy purred. "You
are so  handsome!" He didn't need to be asked a second time. When he
gingerly tried to fit the plastic circle over her nipple, she moved her
breast every time he was about to get it centered on its target. "It's
hard to hold still when I'm so excited,"  Mandy whispered down to him
over the refrigerator door between them. "I need your help." 

     "Yes, mam!" he replied and grabbed her mostly naked breast with
his free hand, squeezed it tightly (too tightly for Mandy's comfort),
and roughly placed the circle around its distended tit. "There you are,
mam, good as new!" he declared, apparently not noticing the greasy
finger marks he left across the light blue veins of her swelling white
flesh. 

     "Have you found the problem?" Kevin asked. The repair man looked
around the door toward the table, which he could see between Mandy's
naked thigh's beneath her G-string from which peeked a few stray blond
hairs. 

     "Not yet, sir," he answered, "it doesn't seem to be the switch,
though." 

     "That's good," said Kevin, "have you tried the bulb?" 

     "That's next," he said and left grease marks on Mandy's leg when
he ducked back behind the door. He replaced the switch and started to
loosen the bulb. 

     "Maybe you should test my bulbs, too," Mandy said. "They only seem
to light up when they're tested." And she leaned further over the door
to swing her 'bulbs' over his head. 

     "Be happy to," he smirked at her, "but I gotta take'em loose to do
it." 

     "Then do! They need to be tested!" Mandy smiled down at him
coquettishly. He seized the two dangling tassels and unceremoniously
jerked them off, then put a grimy hand on each breast and rudely
hoisted it from the red and black quarter cup supporting it. It took an
effort, but she refrained from flinching and faked a sigh, "Oh, you are
so manly." Whereupon he squashed one of her large breasts between his
palms and clamped his teeth onto her nipple. 

     At the table Sheila raised an eyebrow at Kevin. He nodded and
spoke loudly, "Was the bulb out? Was that the trouble?" The repair man
released the nipple, though not the breast, in order to answer: "I'm
still checking, sir." 

     "Then hurry up with it, will you?" Kevin said irritatedly. 

     "I think you'd better do that, gorgeous man," Mandy advised. "My
bulb's in good order now." He literally wiped his hands on her breast
as he released it and turned to the machine. A silently laughing Mandy
was replaced by a serious looking Kevin at the refrigerator door and so
it was Kevin he saw when next the repair man looked up. 

     "Yes, sir!" he said, "let's shut the door and see what happens."
He stood and, puzzled, looked around for Mandy, but she was nowhere to
be seen. And, of course, the replaced bulb worked perfectly. Kevin
thanked him, paid him, and ushered him to the door. He was doubled up
with laughter when he returned to the kitchen. "I bet that guy is,
right now, wondering what sort of dream he's just had." 

     "It was damn near a wet dream," Sheila was laughing, too. 

     "Did you see the bulge in his pants?" 

     "No, but he wouldn't be human if it wasn't there," Kevin answered
and opened his robe to demonstrate how human he was, himself. 

     "Wow!" Sheila exclaimed. "Is that for me or for Mandy?" 

     "I think Mandy should have it, don't you? She's earned it." 

     "I certainly did," Mandy emerged from her hiding place, her freed
breasts liberally streaked with grease from the repair man's hands. But
she, too, was laughing. "Wasn't I a good little slave girl?" 

     "That you were," Kevin said. "And, moreover, you still are but
we've got to get you cleaned up, you're a mess." "He really was a boor,
wasn't he," Mandy said,  "but you know? the fact that I would never,
ever, have let him lay me, made it even more exciting that plus the
fact that you two were listening to my tease." She considered Kevin's
audacious extremity. "Now do I get to drink from the fountain again?"
she asked eagerly. 

     "Maybe," Kevin answered, "but two things have to happen before you
can drink: you've got to be de-greased, and the fountain has got to
spout inside your cave." 

     "Oh, marvelous," Mandy exclaimed and slipped a finger inside her
G-string onto the entrance of her cave. He tossed his robe onto a
chair and ordered, 

     "Follow me, slave girl." And, penis swaying, he strode toward the
bathroom, where he turned on the tap and let tepid water run into the
tub. "Take off the shoes and skirt but not the G-string and climb in,
slave girl," he said and handed her a bar of soap and wash cloth.


     "Aren't you going to wash her yourself?" Sheila, who had come
with them, asked. 

     "No, I want to watch her do it." He lowered the toilet lid, sat on
it, his  feet flat on the floor, and leaned back with his hands behind
his head. "Now, slave girl," he said, "clean the titties." 

     "May I?" Sheila, who still wore her robe, asked and, without
waiting for an answer, seated herself on the floor between Kevin's legs
and began fondling his erection. Kevin did not object. 

     Mandy stretched herself out in the tub, keeping only her head
above water. Then, sitting up for Kevin to see her, she soaped her
breasts, squeezing them, pushing them together, and pinching their nipp
les so the buttons stood proudly firm. Even with that thorough
treatment, some grease remained, but rougher application of the cloth
quickly eliminated all trace of the repair man's  grubby paws. 

     "It was delightful watching that cleansing," Kevin remarked. 

     "And this slave girl enjoys being watched while she bathes," Mandy
grinned, stepping out of the tub and applying a towel to her backside.


     "Are you sure the slave deserves this? Just because she let a
service man grope her?" Sheila asked plaintively. She rolled his glans
between her thumb and two  fingers. 

     "Of course she does!" He stood, took Mandy's body in his arms, and
pressed her full breasts against his chest before dropping to his knees
and dragging the wet G-string to her ankles. He promptly separated the
folds concealing her "cave" and placed his tongue on the lilliputian
sentry guarding it. 

     "Oh! That's very nice!" Mandy sighed and, leaning over, put her
hands on his cheeks. 

     But Kevin had no intention of proceeding with cunnilingus.
Instead, he stood, clasped her breasts, and gave each nipple a single
lick.  "Come with me!" he said hoarsely and marched away. She almost
unconsciously slipped on the super-high heels he had provided for her
before trailing after him. In the living room, he threw a pillow from
the couch on the soft carpet and urgently told her to sit on it and
then lie down. Thus properly positioned, she opened wide her legs and
spread the aperture to the cavity within her in anticipation of his
entry. 

     Kevin stood above the naked  woman and admired her long
curvacious legs, smooth belly, and flattened though still swelling
bosom. 

     "She's really quite beautiful, isn't she?" Sheila commented.


     "She's very beautiful," he agreed. "Almost too beautiful to fuck."


     "No woman's that  beautiful," Sheila said. "Fuck her!" Kevin knelt
between Mandy's legs, held his fully rigid penis in his hand, and
teased her exposed clitoris with its tip. Her body quivered and, with a
moan,  she lifted her body to meet him. Slowly, then, he inserted his
ins trument until it was completely absorbed by her pliant flesh. Only
then did he initiate the in and out motion that would produce the
friction necessary to release the fluid stored in his testicles, a
release that swiftly followed. It was a magnificent orgasm for Kevin,
one that seemed literally to drain, not only the semen, but the energy
from his body. Mandy, however, though she trembled beneath him, had not
experienced the corresponding release and Kevin wanted that for her.
Gently, he withdrew his wilte d penis and, flattening himself on the
floor, replaced it with his tongue. The taste of his own ejaculate was
new to him and he was not certain he liked it very much, but that did
not deter him from urgently licking and sucking her blood-filled
clitoris, an action that almost immediately caused her to scream and
buck against his mouth before gradually subsiding into limp rapture.


     After Mandy had dressed, gathered up the slave-girl costume (which
Kevin insisted belonged to her), and left,  Sheila and Kevin retired to
their marital bed, where he brought Sheila to a towering climax by
cunnilingus.  

---------------------------------
The Man, His Wife, and Her Friend 
---------------------------------

     "Mandy's been evicted from her apartment," Sheila announced some
weeks later. 

     "What a shame. What's she going to do?" 

     "Look for something else, I suppose. We could help her if we want
to, though." 

     "How's that?" 

     "She could come live with us," Sheila replied. 

     "We don't have an extra room," Kevin protested. "Where would we
put her?" 

     "It would give us an excuse to buy the king-sized bed we've
always wanted. Then she could sleep with us," Sheila smiled
conspiratorially. 

     "I think you're playing a game with me," Kevin countered. 

     "Not at all. Wouldn't you like to sleep every night with a naked
woman on each  side of you?" 

     "Well . . . ." 

     "Of course you would! The only problem you'd have would be
deciding which one us to fuck!" 

     "I could live with that problem," Kevin grinned. 

     So Mandy moved in with Kevin and Sheila. After, on her own
initiative, she began dressing as a slave girl every evening upon
coming home from work.  Kevin confiscated the G-string so her
blond-haired groin wouldn't be hidden from his view. A few days later
he repossessed the tit tassels, and the quarter-cup brassiere soon
vanished also, leaving her with only the tassel skirt and high heeled
shoes to decorate her  voluptuous body.  Kevin decided he thoroughly
enjoyed having a virtually naked woman around the house. He found no
dearth of opportunity to fondle her and when, on rare occasions, he
passed one by, she would pout and shake her bare breasts in his face
until he took them in his hands and/or sucked their nipples (which
always seemed to be erect). 

     Sheila's prediction that he would have to decide daily whether to
lay Mandy or his wife proved correct. At first he tried to make both of
them before all three succumbed to sleep but that soon became not only
physically but emotionally impossible. In fact, keeping two horny women
sexually satisfied was a full-time job. If, for instance, he screwed
Mandy on Monday and Sheila on Tuesday, by Wednesday Mandy would be
clambering for his penis, and vice versa. 

     In the beginning Sheila applauded Mandy's decision to stay naked
even when they weren't in bed. She was excited by the sexual
electricity it produced at even the most mundane times almost as much
as Kevin did. But she soon discovered that she was in competition with
Mandy for his attention, for her friend aggressively flaunted her
nudity, demonstrating not only her availability but her urgent desire
to be laid at any and every moment. And Kevin made no attempt to
resist the temptation. 

     So Sheila began wearing only the transparent bra though which her
pointed nipples protruded, along with the G-string, which appeared
black because of her lush public hair visible through it. She
considered her legs to be one of her best features and she emphasized
them by wearing the high-heeled mules Kevin had bought for her. Thus,
whenever Mandy waved her much larger breasts at her friend's husband,
Sheila would stretch forth a leg and trail her fingers over her thigh.
The competition between them became intense. 

     Ultimately Kevin decided enough was enough. He was simultaneously 
massaging Sheila's vulva through its filmy covering and nuzzling one of
Mandy's breasts when he abruptly said, "This has got to stop, ladies.
Both of you are sex bombs I know it and you know it. Neither of you
has to prove that she is sexier than the other. So I think it's time
for you to start wearing clothes, regular clothes. When I want you
naked, I'll  let you know." 

     "But I like being naked," Mandy pouted.  

     Kevin patted one of her swelling breasts and said, "I know you do,
but you'll be my obedient slave girl and wear clothes, nevertheless.
Run along now, both of you, and put something on. When you come back,
we'll talk about all this." 

     The women returned.  Mandy wore a brightly colored silk muumuu
that, though loose, nevertheless clung to her full bosom. Sheila, more
demure, had donned a simple light blue cotton house dress whose short
skirt did not  reach her knees. Both of them were barefooted. 

     "These last few weeks have been extraordinary," Kevin began.
"Sheila, you always were sexy as hell, but now you've turned into a
virtual nymphomaniac! And, Mandy, maybe you've always been sex-crazed,
I don't know. But what I do know is that I can't keep up with the two
of you. Don't get me wrong. I want to keep up with you, but I simply
can't. "So I have a solution to propose, actually two solutions. The
first is the obvious one, that you begin pleasuring each other when
I'm here to watch and when I'm not. For all I know, you've been doing
that all along, but if so, it clearly hasn't been sufficient." 

     "It's not the same thing," Sheila said, "and, besides, I'm not
really bi-sexual and certainly not a lesbian." 

     "Neither am I," Mandy chimed in, "though I'm more bi-sexual than
she is, I think. Your wife is one sexy woman!" 

     "That's about the way I read it, too," Kevin said thoughtfully,
"and that's why I have a second suggestion, which doesn't necessarily
replace the first one, but supplements it. 

     "Most men would give their eye teeth to be in my shoes. And I know
several who would be more than happy fill them on occasion. You see
what I'm proposing: what if I get some of my friends to come around and
service one or both of you from time to time?" 

     Slightly shocked, Sheila and Mandy looked at each other for a
moment and then broke out in broad grins. Kevin had his answer. Nothing
more was said, but that night they had the wildest sex they had enjoyed
for many da ys. Kevin even ejaculated into both of their slippery
vaginas before he drifted off to sleep with a different woman's leg
wrapped around each of his and four warm breasts pressed against his
body. 

     The next evening Kevin came home to find both his wife and his
slave girl dressed. "Tomorrow morning," he told them, "you will have a
visitor. His name is Travis. He knows there are two of you, but I told
him he could only have one this time. So you may decide which of you
Travis will fuck. Whoever is designated will have no need to seduce
him, of course, but she might pretend, if she wants to, in order to add
a little spice. I look forward to the observer's report!" 

     When Kevin left the next morning his two women were still asleep,
naked in the big bed. When he returned in the evening he found them,
dressed, preparing dinner in the kitchen. Without preamble, he asked,
"Ok, which of you had the honor?" 

     "I did," Mandy said with unusual shyness. 

     "In that case, Sheila, tell me what happened. I want all the lurid
details." 

     "With pleasure!" Sheila replied. 

     "First," Kevin intervened, "How did you settle on Mandy?" 

     "We couldn't decide at first because both of us wanted the
'honor,' as you put it, so we simply tossed a coin and she won. And
then we planned how we would act. I won't tell you about the plan.
Instead I'll report what actually happened. "When the door bell rang, I
answered it. Travis was a nice looking man, a little younger than I
expected and somewhat timid. He wouldn't look me in the eye, for
instance. 

     "I said, 'Oh, you must be Travis! Come in. There's a beautiful
woman here who desperately needs to be screwed!' "I boldly took his
hand and led him into the living room, where Mandy lay on the couch
totally naked, except for her stiletto heels.  'Mandy, Travis is here
to fuck you,' I said. 

     "She stretched her body and stood, holding her huge breasts out
toward him. "Oooooh, Travis,' she said seductively, 'I'm soooo glad
you're here! My bobbies ache for your lips. Please suck them . . .
please.' 'He  didn't need any more urging, but eagerly held her breasts
in his hands and bounced them up and down, telling her he liked big
tits like these, before he sucked each of them, rather thoroughly, I
must say. 'I simply sat down and watched from then on. After accepting
Mandy's initial offering, he took complete charge, forcing her to her
knees where he told her to stay while he got out of his clothes. His
penis was erect of course! -- rather short but thick and I could
imagine how it would stretch Mandy's cunt when it entered her.  "He
entered her, alright, but not her cunt. He pushed his tool into her
face, ordered her to open her mouth, and held her head tightly while
she gobbled it." 

     "It was quite a mouthful, too," Mandy interjected. 

     "Did you swallow his come?" Kevin asked. 

     "He didn't come in my mouth," Mandy answered. 

     "No," Sheila resumed, "I could tell he was about to from the way
his face looked, but he pulled out, made her get on all fours, and
fucked her from behind. (You know, there's something inherently
ludicrous about a man humping a woman that way!) His fingers were dug
into her bottom and his head was thrown back while he pumped away in
her cunt. Then he leaned over, reached around and grabbed her enormous
breasts, which, naturally, were dangling down toward the floor, without
missing a stroke. He didn't let her tits loose even when he came. In
fact, it looked to me as though he might yank them right off her chest,
he pulled on them so hard." 

     "Did it hurt?" Kevin asked. 

     "A little," Mandy re plied, "but I was so busy coming I couldn't
have cared less." 

     "So what happened then?" 

     "He slipped out and Mandy crumpled onto the floor. He held his
still stiff shiny penis in his hand and looked at me quizzically,
obviously wanting to stick it into me, too. But I just smiled and shook
my head. So he put his clothes back on. "I accompanied him to the door,
where he blatantly looked me over from head to toe, pausing to stare at
my chest and between my legs. I should prepare for him to fuck me the
next time, he said. I told him I'd really like that. I was hot as a
pistol, let me tell you! But whether or not there would be a next time
was up to Kevin." 

     "Do you want there to be a 'next time,'" Kevin asked. 

     Sheila paused before answering, "Yes, but with someone else. I'm
certain it would be wonderful to be fucked by Travis, but it would be a
mistake for any one man to become a 'regular' with Mandy and/or me."


     "She's right," Mandy agreed. "You're  our 'regular' and Sheila and
I agree we want to keep it t hat way. The others I'm assuming now
there will be others are gravy. I had a fabulous orgasm with Travis,
but I really don't want him again. Variety is the spice of life, you
know." 

     "That's a wise decision," Kevin said, "but you have to recognize
that I might have some trouble finding a new man for you every day.
Inevitably there will have to be some repeats." 

     "Oh, Kevin!" Sheila exclaimed. "How insatiable do you think we
are?  As long as you keep laying us, we'd be happy with a 'new' man
just once a week." 

     "That's probably too often, even," Mandy put in. "Once a month
would be quite enough." 

     "How about if we agreed on once every two weeks?" Kevin asked. "I
know enough horny men for that kind of schedule." 

     "Fine," said Mandy. "Agreed," said Sheila. 

     "I must say that I'm delighted that neither my wife nor my slave
girl were seduced away by handsome Travis." 

     Mandy and Sheila both laughed and Mandy said, "Heavens! So he's
nice looking. Big deal! All he is, really, is a stiff dick. And we get
that from you every day." 

     Kevin touched the front of his trousers. "If truth be known," he
smiled, "you've got it right now. Let's all strip and put it to good
use." And so they did.                                                 
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                