The woman was perfect for my purposes.  Dark, lovely, with the shy and
hesitant manner that tokens a suggestible woman.  Perhaps most
important, she lived alone in an isolated rural area - her nearest
neighbor was almost a quarter of a mile away.

I'd been watching her for several days - learning her ways, becoming
familiar with her habits.  I knew that she always went to bed exactly
at 11 and that if she had visitors, they always arrived before 9.  I
waited for an evening when she was home alone.  When 10 o'clock
arrived, I knew that we wouldn't be disturbed by any evening callers.

I watched though the windows of her living room as she moved about the
house.  When I saw her go into the bedroom, I quietly eased in through
the front door.  Softly and silently I approached her from behind and,
with a sudden motion, pounced, the pad ready in my hand.  I clamped it
quickly and accurately over her mouth and nose.  The chloroform worked
swiftly; she struggled for a few moments and then collapsed limply into
my arms.  I lowered her to the floor and moved to the window, motioning
to my assistants.

With the ease of a job performed many times, my assistants loaded her
into the waiting van.  I drove down the gravel drive and into the
country road while they tied her hands, applied another dose of
chloroform and then gagged and blindfolded her.  As the unconscious
woman was being attended to, I turned onto the highway, and a few miles
later, exited onto a secondary road.  Several more miles and turns
brought us to my bungalow.

I drove the van into the garage, and after closing the door, my
assistants unloaded the woman, one carrying her feet, one her hands.
She was still limply unconscious, as they carted her down into my
sound-proofed basement training-room.  I had them hold her upright as I
fastened handcuffs to each of her wrists.  With her hands bound, she
dangled loosely from where the manacles attached to the ceiling.  I
placed a thick leather collar around her neck, and fastened the ring in
the collar to an eyebolt in the wall.  Finally, I fitted each of her
ankles into a shackle bolted to the floor, her feet spread slightly
more than shoulder width.

With the woman now completely immobilized, I was almost ready to awaken
her and begin her training.  I donned my black mask, a cloth that
completely covers my head leaving only small eyeholes visible.  This
mask adds to a woman's disorientation and increases her fear - both of
which enhance the training process.  Once the mask was in place, I
removed her gag, then placed a vial of smelling salts beneath her
nostrils.  The woman jerked and, by the tension in her body, I could
tell that she was awake and becoming aware of her predicament.

She struggled for a few moments, testing the restraints at ankles,
wrists, and neck.  While she was struggling, I reached behind her head
and deftly removed her blindfold.  When she saw me - totally masked and
clothed in black - she gasped and then let out a small scream.  She
quickly regained a small measure of self-control and with a look of
abject fear on her face said, "Who are you?  Why am I here?"

"I'm called the Master.  I specialize in supplying women such as
yourself to a very exclusive clientele.  They enjoy the use of women
that have been through a very special training program that I have
devised."

"You'll never get away with this," she spat.  Her face was twisted in
fear and anger, her body trembling.

"Oh, on the contrary, my dear.  I've trained over 150 women just like
you, and I've yet to fail with a single one.  My training is completely
irresistible.  It will turn you into the perfect sex slave for the men
I supply, and you're completely powerless to resist it."

As I spoke, I touched a finger to her cheek and gently caressed her
face.  Her trembling increased, and a hunted look, the look that one
often sees in caged animals, was in her eyes.  She continued to
struggle, but was bound tightly to the wall, ceiling, and floor.

"You're a most beautiful woman, and will be most pleasing to my
clients.  You're very responsive and suggestible - perfect for my
purposes."  As I continued to talk, I ran my hand downward from her
face, briefly caressing the the smooth skin of a shoulder, then lower,
brushing the outside of her breast, coming to rest in the small of her
back.  I pulled her body toward me, pressing against her, as I rubbed
her breasts and stomach with my other hand.

She was heaving and panting with fear.  Her full breasts straining
against the thin fabric, her enticing cleavage enhanced by the low cut
of her dress.  She tried to lunge forward, snapping her teeth, but I
was carefully to stay several inches from her mouth.  I chuckled at the
attempt, and noted a look of despair, as two small tears pooled at the
corners of her eyes and then trickled down her face.

"You're completely in my power, my dear, and soon will be unable to
resist me in any way."

"Never," she hissed.  "You can't do this.  You'll never get away with
it.  I'll never do what you want."

"Ah, but you will.  You're already doing exactly as expected and
exactly as I wish.  Your fear and your anger will soon exhaust you and
as they do, you'll become more and more responsive to my control.
You'll find that as you tire, it becomes harder and harder to resist
me.  More and more you'll find yourself responding to my voice,
responding to my suggestions, becoming unable to resist, completely
unable to resist."

As I intoned in a gentle, soothing, monotonous voice, I continued to
softly caress her body. She was struggling wildly, tugging in vain
against her bonds.

An important part of the early stages of my training involves clearly
establishing in a woman's mind her powerlessness and my ability to make
use of her body, and by association her inner self, in any way that I
choose.  I ran a hand upward to her face, and fondled her cheek.  After
a time, I moved a finger to her lips and began stroking.  She lunged at
my finger repeatedly, but each time I successfully evaded her, and
immediately returned to my caresses.  After several unsuccessful
attempts, she whimpered, and her body slumped against the restraints.

"You're seeing now how useless it is to resist.  You're discovering
that I'm completely in control.  You find that you're powerless,
completely powerless.  Your struggles are completely ineffective; I
have complete control over your body, complete control over your body."

With this, I moved my hand downward and, slipping beneath the neck of
her dress, began to caress her breasts.  I lightly flicked each of her
nipples and felt them harden against my fingers.

"You see how your body responds to me, responds to my deep and complete
control, deep and complete control.  Deep ... and complete."

A certain type of woman responds to abuse, to violence against her, by
marshaling her resources, by standing tough and firm.  Another sort of
woman becomes passive, seeking mental escape from a harsh scenario.
This sort becomes highly receptive to anyone who will tell her what to
do, particularly if she perceives an escape, even if only into
fantasy.  With this sort of woman, intensifying the threat and terror
of a situation forces her into a state of hyper-suggestibility.

With these thoughts firmly in mind, I picked up a knife from a nearby
table and, with a sudden motion, placed the blade against the tip of
her nose.  Her eyes filled with horror as they focused on the long,
gleaming blade.  I moved my face close to hers and whispered, "Complete
control, my dear, complete control."

Very carefully I slipped the knife blade beneath the hem of her dress,
and laid the cold steel against her bare thigh.  Her body was trembling
violently as I slid the blade over her smooth skin, inserted the point
beneath her silken panties and then, in an instant, sliced though the
fabric.  I repeated the motions, cutting the other leg of her panties,
and the now-ruined garment dropped to the floor.

I slid my other hand under her dress, and rubbed her now-naked mound.
She twisted and writhed, but I maintained contact, and after a brief
time slid a finger into her moist passage.  As I did, she stiffened,
and sobs began to wrack her body.  I slowly stroked in and out of her,
matching the rhythm to the slow and measured cadence of my voice.

"You're so helpless ... so helpless ... so unable to resist ...
completely powerless to resist ... powerless to resist my deep control
... deep control ... deep control."

With each slow and monotonous intonation of the word "deep", I slid my
finger fully inside her.  Gradually, I felt the tensing and twisting of
her body slackening.  I knew that the extreme violation that she was
experiencing was driving her into shock and that this would heighten
her passivity and docility.

"You feel how your resistance tires you.  So very, very tired.
Resistance tires you.  More and more tired and heavy.  The more that
you struggle, the more tired you become.  Your body is so tired and
heavy, tired and heavy."

I removed my hands from her body, and as I did, she heaved a sigh of
relief and her body visibly relaxed.

"Your body is relaxing, feel it relax.  Notice how heavy your arms
are.  The effort of holding them up tires them.  The tension tires
them.  They feel so heavy ... so very, very heavy.  You want to lower
them, but cannot.  You cannot lower them, so they must tire and grow
heavy, very heavy.  Each moment the weight of your body tugs you down,
down.  It's so hard to hold up your heavy arms.  Your heavy, heavy body
is so tired, so very tired."

For several minutes I continued my suggestions.  Gradually, her face
took on a slack and vacant appearance.  Her arms hung limply from the
cuffs, and her eyelids began to tremble.

"Look into my eyes now,"  I commanded.  She seemed to have lost much of
her volition.  Slowly she turned her dull and lusterless eyes to gaze
at me.  As she stared into my eyes, the trembling of her eyelids became
more pronounced, and slowly the lids began to droop.

"You're so tire and heavy ... so tired and heavy.  Your legs are tired
and heavy.  Feel how tired they are.  You've been standing for so long
... your legs are so very weary.  So very, very tired ... and heavy.
Your whole body is tired ... fatigued.  You want to lie down now, don't
you?"

"Yes," she breathed in a barely audible voice.

"Yes, you want to lie down and sleep.  To let your heavy, tired body
relax and sleep.  You want to lie down more than anything in the
world.  Isn't that right?"

"Yes."

"I'm going to let you lie down now and go to sleep.  Deep, deep
asleep.  It will feel so wonderful to let your body relax.  To feel
free and relaxed ... free and relaxed ... relaxed and heavy ... relaxed
and heavy ... to be free and sleep ... deep, heavy sleep."

Quickly and smoothly I released her, first her ankles, then her neck,
and finally her hands.  Langorously she rubbed her chaffed wrists.  She
was having difficulty staying on her feet and, half-supporting her, I
guided her to the nearby bed.  With a sigh of relief she eased onto the
mattress and I lay down beside her.  I turned her face toward me and
gazed into her eyes.

"I want to go to sleep."

"Yes, I know and soon I shall let you sleep deeply."

"Can't I sleep alone," she asked in a plaintive, little-girl voice.

"Not just yet, but soon, very soon.  Soon you shall sleep and then I
will leave you to sleep by yourself, deeply and peacefully.  Look into
my eyes now, deep into my eyes and soon you shall sleep.  Feel how
very, very tired you are.  Notice how very heavy your eyelids grow.
More and more heavy.  As you gaze into my eyes, feel your eyelids
closing, closing, closing.  So heavy, so very heavy."

By now, her ability to resist was negligible.  Soon her eyelids were
blinking rapidly as she struggled to keep her eyes open.

"Feel how very, very heavy your eyes are now.  How wonderful it would
be to let them close ... to drift deep ... deep asleep ... feel your
eyes closing now ... they close tighter and tighter ... tighter and
tighter as you enter a deep and heavy sleep."

The trembling of her eyelids became more and more pronounced and then,
within a few moments, her eyes closed completely.  Her features relaxed
and her head slumped loosely on the pillow.

"You're deeply asleep now, deeply asleep; each moment going deeper and
deeper.  You hear only my voice, only my voice.  Notice how easy it is
to listen to my gentle, soothing voice.  Only my voice.  You find that
you want to hear the sound of my voice, to follow my voice, to listen
closely and carefully to everything I tell you.  Notice how very
relaxed and pleasant you feel right now.  As you listen to my voice and
respond to my voice, you'll find yourself feeling more and more
pleasant and relaxed.  Whenever you respond to my voice, you'll find
yourself feeling very, very good.

"Now Leslie," (I had learned her name during my surveillance), "I want
you to notice how very heavy your eyelids are.  They are heavy and
leaden; no matter how hard you try, you'll be unable to open them.
They're much to heavy to open.  I want you to try and open your eyes
now."

With this, I noted her brow furrowing, and her eyelids trembling.
Clearly, she was attempting to open her eyes, but with no success.  Now
confident that she was firmly under my hypnotic control, I proceeded
with the training regime.

"You may stop trying now and as you let your heavy eyes relax, you go
even deeper asleep.  Very, very deep now.  Now Leslie, I'm going to
give you a very special phrase.  Whenever you hear this phrase, you
will go into a deep and heavy sleep just like the one you're in now.
When you hear the phrase, your eyes will become heavy and close.
Whenever I put you to sleep, you will follow any instructions that I
give you.  You will have a deep desire to respond to all of my
suggestions.  The phrase is 'at my command'.  Only when you hear my
voice speak this phrase will you go to sleep, but whenever you hear me
say 'at my command', you will instantly go into a very deep sleep.  Do
you understand, Leslie."

"Yes," she murmured.

"Very good, Leslie.  Now, in a few moments I'm going to give you
another signal.  The signal is the phrase 'hot and sexy'.  When you
hear me speak this phrase, you'll find yourself becoming aroused.
You'll find that you begin to tingle with sexual arousal, that sexual
tension begins to build in your body, becomes very strong.  Whenever
you hear me speak this phrase, if you're asleep as you are now, or if
you're awake, you'll find yourself becoming powerfully aroused.  More
and more aroused with each breath.  With each moment feeling more
passionate and sexy.  Do you understand these instructions, Leslie?"

"Yes," she said in a whisper.

"Excellent.  Now Leslie, at this very moment you're feeling hot and
sexy."

As I spoke the trigger phrase, she gasped and her breathing instantly
became deeper and heavier.  Her body began to move slowly and
rhythmically on the bed.  Her hips were undulating, at first slowly and
then gradually more rapidly.  Her breathing became increasingly rapid
and shallow, her chest heaving.  After a time, she began to run the tip
of her tongue over her lips, caressing the tender flesh.

"Leslie, I want you notice how tight and uncomfortable your dress is.
You want to remove it now.  Go ahead and take your dress off, Leslie."

Very slowly, her hands moved upward toward the shoulder straps of her
dress.  Her movements were as through a thick, viscous fluid.  Slowly,
slowly her hands moved.  I continued to give suggestions of discomfort,
a desire to undress - commands that she was unable to resist.  At last
her hands reached the straps and slowly and langorously she pulled them
off of her shoulders and then slowly slid the dress downward.  She
wasn't wearing a bra, and soon she had pulled the fabric down over her
breasts revealing the firm milky mounds topped by pink nipples, tight
with arousal.  When her hands reached her hips, she slowly lifted her
body, and slid the fabric downward.  After a couple of minutes, she had
completely disrobed.  She lay naked on the bed, eyes tightly closed,
her body slowly and sensuously writhing with arousal.

"I want you to focus your attention on your breasts now.  Become aware
of how hard your nipples are.  Your breasts are full and heavy with
arousal.  They're aching to be touched, stroked.  You want so badly to
feel your firm, sexy breasts being caressed.  Touch your breasts now,
Leslie."

Again her hands moved slowly up her body.  One hand came to rest
against her stomach, while the other continued upward until her fingers
encountered an engorged nipple.  Very slowly she circled the nipple,
stroking with her finger tips.  I continued to encourage her with
suggestions of arousal.  Her hips tensed and relaxed rhythmically, and
gradually her caresses became firmer and more insistent.  She was
kneading her breast now with palm and fingers, gasping in synchrony
with her self-massage.

"Both hands now, Leslie.  Both hands stroking and arousing."

She moved her unoccupied hand quickly to her other breast and rubbed
and squeezed the tight flesh.  Her tongue stroked over her lips rapidly
and passionately, her head swaying back and forth.

"Your pussy is craving attention now, Leslie.  It is moist and ready.
So aroused, so very aroused.  You want very much to touch it.  You want
to touch it so badly.  But not until I tell you that you may.  Not until
I give you permission may you touch your hot and sexy pussy ... your
hot and sexy pussy."

She responded to my suggestions with an even stronger movements of her
hips.  Her legs were tightly clamped and she was rhythmically squeezing
her thighs together.  As I continued to suggest desire, but withheld
satisfaction, she began to moan, her mouth open wide.

"You want to touch your pussy so badly, Leslie.  You want it, you need
it.  You need it very badly."

Her moaning took on a whimpering quality.  Soon she began to whisper,
"please ... please."

"You may touch your hot and sexy pussy now, Leslie."

Instantly, a hand flew between her legs.  She gasped as the hand
stroked rapidly along her well-lubricated slit.  After a few strokes, a
single finger disappeared into her moist cavern.  Her hips were bucking
wildly, her body thrashing back and forth on the mattress.

"You want my touch, Leslie.  You want to feel me stroke your body.  You
find me very, very sexy, and want to feel my hands rubbing you,
touching you, fondling you.  You want that very, very much."

"Yes, yes," she murmured as she responded to my suggestions.  "Touch me
... please touch me."

I laid a hand on her stomach and slid upward over the smooth, firm
flesh.  Cupping a breast, I squeezed gently, circling the nipple with
my thumb.  She arched her back, pressing into my palm.  I laid my other
hand on top of hers, one of my fingers joining her in probing deep
inside.

"You want to kiss me now, Leslie.  You want to kiss me deeply and
passionately.  You want to feel your body pressed against mine.  Go
ahead and kiss me now, Leslie."

Within moments this sexy woman was squirming against me, her lips glued
tightly to mine.  Her tongue thrust into my mouth while she moaned and
writhed.  I continued to fondle her breast and pussy as her movements
became stronger and more insistent.  After several extremely
pleasurable minutes, I moved my mouth up to her ear and continued my
instructions.

"Now Leslie, you want to feel my cock inside you.  Become aware now of
how strong your desire is.  You are thinking only of the intense
pleasure that you will feel once I've entered you.  You want it, and in
fact, need it.  You will need to ask for it, Leslie, before I give you
what you want.  Ask now, Leslie."

"Please fuck me, " she replied.

"Again, Leslie."

"Please fuck me."

"You need to keep asking until I give you permission.  Continue to beg
for what you need so badly, Leslie.  So very badly."

"Please fuck me.  Please.  I need you.  Please give me your cock.  I
need it now.  Please, please."

She was babbling and moaning, her body insistent against my hands.
After about 30 seconds of non-stop pleading, I gave her permission.

"You may have what you want now, Leslie.  I allow you to make it
happen."

With that she crawled on top, and straddled me.  Her eyes still tightly
closed, she reached down and by touch alone, located my penis.  Fitting
it to her moist opening, she thrust downward, engulfing me completely.

I grasped the soft flesh of her buttocks and guided her up and down my
shaft.  She was extremely attuned to my subtle cues, immediately
matching her rhythm to the motions of my hands.  Her back was arched as
she rocked back and forth, her hands still caressing her breasts and
stroking at the top of her slit.

"Your pussy is tightening, Leslie.  Tighter and tighter."

Her moans became cries of pleasure as her vibrant muscles tightened
around my shaft.  Within moments, I was ready to explode.  I gasped out
a set of preparatory instructions.

"When I say the phrase 'Stop now', Leslie, you will press your body
down tightly against mine and will stop moving.  Your pussy will
tighten and relax in rhythm with my hands squeezing your behind, but
your body will not move.  Do you understand?"

"Yes."

With that, I felt my orgasm begin.  "Stop now," I yelled.  Her body
pushed tightly against me.  For a seemingly endless time I spurted into
her, with my touch controlling the contractions of her cunt around my
straining cock.  Throughout she was moaning and crying.  When I had
nothing left, I released my grip and her spent body collapsed against
me.

After resting for a few minutes, I continued her training.  "Leslie, I
want you to tell me the phrase that sends you to sleep."

"At my command, " she replied dreamily.

"Very, very good.  Now in a moment, I'm going to awaken you.  When I
snap my fingers, you will open your eyes and fully awaken.  Completely
awake."

I snapped my fingers near one of her ears.  She opened her eyes, and
for a moment appeared stunned.  Quickly, she realized what had
happened.  She glanced downward, first at her naked breasts, and then
to where my still-stiff rod was nestled within her.  With a cry of
shock and revulsion, she leaped off the bed and huddled in a corner.

As I arose and approached her, she cowered, trying to press her body as
close to the walls and as far from me as possible.

"What have you done to me," she wailed.  Tears began coursing down her
cheeks and her body trembled violently.  She squeezed her eyes tightly
shut and began rocking her head back and forth. "No ... no ... no ...,
" she moaned.

"Ah yes, my dear.  It is exactly as I forecast.  You are my sex slave
now.  You have no choice but to respond to my commands fully and
completely."

As I spoke, she stared at me, wide-eyed with horror.  She continued her
protestations, "no ... no ... no," as if she could somehow negate
reality.

"Yes.  You're fully aware now that I own you.  Fully aware that you are
completely at my command."

As I spoke the post-hypnotic trigger phrase, her eyes immediately
closed, her features went slack, her chin dropped to her chest.

"Excellent, Leslie.  You are responding excellently.  Each time that I
put you to sleep, you'll find yourself going deeper and deeper.  Each
time, you will respond more and more readily to my commands.

"Now Leslie, I want you to open your eyes but remain deeply asleep."

Her eyes popped open, a dull, vacant expression on her face as she
turned her glassy gaze toward me.

"You will come join me on the bed now, Leslie, and once in bed you'll
find yourself overcome with a desire to lick and suck my penis.  You'll
be consumed with your desire to suck me ... to suck my penis deep into
your throat ... to feel my hard shaft filling your mouth.  Come to bed
now, Leslie."

In a deep somnubalistic state, she slowly approached the bed and then
lowered herself to the mattress.  She slid down the bed until her face
was level with my crotch and then slowly began to lick my limp, sticky
member.  As my shaft hardened, she took it between her lips, and began
to stroke up and down my length.  Within a few moments, I was fully
erect, and buried to the hilt in her warm, moist mouth.

She rocked back and forth, moaning passionately, as her lips slid over
my stiff cock.  I laid a hand atop her head and, as before,
effortlessly controlled her rhythm.  She was taking me fully inside,
pressing her lips firmly against the base on each down-stoke and
sucking strongly, her lips squeezed tight, on the up-strokes.

"You feel deep and intense pleasure between your legs now, Leslie.
Complete and total pleasure.  Concentrate on your stroking, and just
allow this marvelous pleasure to take its course."

With that, her hips began to contract rhythmically.  I propped my head
up on several pillows, giving me a good view of her squirming body.
Her moans became even more intense as she continued her deep stroking.

After several minutes, during which she missed not a single beat, my
balls began to tighten, and I could feel another orgasm approaching.

"Leslie, as soon as you feel me beginning to cum, you will awaken.  You
will awaken completely as soon as you feel me cumming.  You will find
that you will be unable to stop sucking, however, until I tell you to
stop.  You will continue the exact same sucking motions that you are
making now, even once you are awake.  You'll find yourself unable to
stop, no matter how hard you try."

As I gasped out the last of these commands, I began to squirt into her
mouth.  Her body stiffened, and she began to sob, tears streaming down
her face, even as she continued to bob up and down on my shaft.  Again
and again my cock jerked within her.  The sight of this helpless woman,
struggling to resist as her body responded to me, enhanced my orgasm.
After a long and pleasurable peak, my cock began to quiet.  Even so, I
withheld the command that would free my newly-found slave, enjoying the
bleak look of despair on her face as she continued to mouth my
softening member.

At last, I said, "stop," and watched with satisfaction as she collapsed
into a quivering, tearful heap.

*****************************************************************

Copyright (c) 1994, Mountain Man

Duplicating this story, with no changes or omissions, is permitted
(encouraged) for non-commercial purposes.  All other rights are
reserved.  All copies must retain this notice.
