Copyright © 1997   WaywardOne.   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.












 ****WARNING****

This story contains sex between a teen male and  MINOR females. It is a consentual, Mf,Mff,ff,,con, story, that has been converted from an originally homosexual story previously posted on the internet, by another author. 

This story contains scenes of involving sex with minor girls. If that's not  your cup of tea, don't read it. You have been warned. If this type of  material offends you, exit now, and do not continue. If you are under the age  of eighteen, or are under the legal age in your city, state, or country to  read adult stories, exit now and do not continue.

The following story is fiction, All characters portrayed in  this story are non-existent. Any resemblance to real people,  dead, alive, or yet to be born, is truly coincidental.



    Part one: Kids At Play The Sleep over  

My name is Jeremy  and I was 12 at the time of this story. I grew up in Southern California in an isolated job-related suburb. My dad worked for a big computer company, and it seemed that all our neighbors had girls, for children, not boys. The only family that had a boy almost my age (he was 15 at the time) were the Johnsons. Tim was his name, and he had three sisters. The sisters were Karen, 12 years old, the same as me, same height as me with brown straight hair, that was styled the way I love. Then there was Sara, she was 11 years old and looked just like her sister, and finally but especially not last there was Brenda. She was the youngest at 9 years old but she was by far the best looking. She was about 3/4 as tall as I was with the cutest little girl's body you'd ever want to see. And she had blonde hair and this voice that would make you melt.

Since Tim was 3 years older than me, we didn't have a whole lot in common, except we were both boys. I would visit him as often as I could but he usually had other activities at school to keep him busy, and sometimes when I went to his house he was still at school. It so happens that I really became good friends with Karen, partly because she always was there when I came by to see Tim, and because we had the same classes together. We would play hide and seek in the Orange Groves or woods around our house. Or ride our bikes through them. We became average childhood friends that did about everything together, and soon I was coming by even if I knew Tim wasn't going to be there. 

During the summer Tim and I got to pal arojnd together more, and sometimes he and I and all of his sisters would spend the nights during summer vacation at each others house or camp out in the back yards of our houses.

  When I was staying over at their house, I would sleep in the same room with Tim because his three sisters where in the other room. Tim and I would stay up sometimes talking about sports or school, but the fact of our age difference made it seem like he was only putting up with me to be nice. The girls room had a bunk bed for Sara and Brenda and Karen had a twin size bed. Sometimes when I got up to go to the bathroom, I would peek in to the girls' room to see if they were asleep. On one ocassion I peeked in and Karen was still awake reading. We had become such good friends that she just invited me in to talk. I told her I hadn't been able to sleep either. Before the start of summer, before Tim and I had started palling around more, Karen and I had been spending a lot of play time together. It seems that she and I had been more like "buddies" than Tim and I, and I had missed the fun Karen and I had had together. 

So while sitting there on her bed I started teasing her the way I used to do, and soon we were rough-housing just like old times. We would wrestle around for awhile and see who could tickle who the most. I noticed that every once in awhile Karen would make a grab and squeeze at my crotch and she would say got you. So I thought fair is fair so I grabbed her, in her crotch, too. While we were playing this way I could fell Karens pussy get wet through her pajama bottoms, and my dick was getting hard, too.  I could tell she knew that I had noticed, so she said she was tired and was ready to go to sleep, but said I could stay there for awhile, if I wanted to. So she rolled over away from me and I did likewise.   I couldn't fall asleep because I kept remembering the touch of my hand against her wet crotch. My dick was still erect and it seemed to have a mind of its own.   

After a while I thought Karen was asleep so I rolled over and started to rub my thigh against her. I felt my hardening penis press up against her ass, and I started raising my leg above her hips. I tried to move softly for fear she would wake up. I kept pressing my dick up against her ass and slowly humping her butt  I was going crazy with the feeling, and wondered how she could be asleep. 

Apparently she wasn't asleep and couldn't take it anymore and let out a sigh and rolled over. I quickly rolled over the other direction for fear I would get caught by her. But she pressed up against me and let her hand lay across my hot dick. She whispered in my ear, "That felt great. I was waiting for you to do something like that." I breathed a sigh of relief and then grinned and said I was glad she liked it.   I turned back onto my back and placed my hand on her hip. She rolled over on her back to give me better access to her young body. Since we were both just wearing our pajamas, I slid my hand down inside of her bottoms rested my hand right on her waiting pussy. It felt so good, when my hand touched her bare pussy and played with it.   

Then she reached over and grabbed a hold of my dick. I thought I was going to shoot off right there, since this was the first time any fingers, other than my own, had touched it.We had to be quiet because of her other sisters in the room. We kept playing with each other for awhile, and I slid my middle finger into the crease of her slit, feeling the wetness. I remember it as the wierdest feeling, stroking through her pussy from the top of her vagina to the bottom just before the wrinkle of her anus, and thinking that I thought pussies were supposed to have hair! Except for being so slippery, I could have been playing between her toes. Then I felt something else down there between her legs. Coming up to the top of her little slit I noticed a tiny bump, more of a protrusion, sticking out. When I started rubbing that bump more, Karen began to tremble. 

Then she squeezed her legs together around my hand, then opened them, and said, "Watch this." She put the sheets over her head and moved down my body. I felt her lower my PJ's down to my knees and she took my stiff dick in both her hands and started rubbing it real good. I then felt something wet and warm surround my cock and I let out a squeek. It felt so good.   I raised the sheets to see what she was doing and I got the shock of my life. She had her mouth buried on my dick and was sucking it. I just layed there enjoying it and said to her how great it felt. After about 30 minutes of this she came up and asked if I would want to do that to her. I said sure and with great anticipation, turned to face her and began first stroking her little budding tits. Her nipples were nearly as big as her whole tit-mound, and very stiff. 

I squeezed and stroked both nipples and then moved down her smooth belly. I stopped and lightly tickled her "inny" belly-button  and continued my way down to her pussy. Her pussy was dripping wet by this time, and I began slightly turning my finger on the downstroke through the wetness. She was still rubbing my dick up until now, but I know if I was going to give her any more pleasure, I had better get to it. I sat up and turned around and started rubbing her pussy again and flipping her clitoris. I then spread her outer labia and at first just admired the virgin pinkness of her inner lips. Then I stuck my tongue out and licked the tip of her pussy which jumped when I touched it. My mouth surrounded her entire pussy mound and I started sucking with all my might.   I couldn't believe how right this felt. It felt as if I had always known how to do this, even though it was the first real pussy I had ever seen, let alone touched!   I sucked on her pussy for about 10 minutes while continuing to rub her little titties. 

Then Karen stopped me and turned around so that her head was next to my leaking dick and my head was still at her juicy mound. She started fondling my dick, then stroking it up and down, holding it like it was a piece of fine china. It wasn't china, but it did feel like it would break any minute. I renewed my feast at her pubes, and the feel of her hands on my dick, linked with the taste of her snatch felt so good I never wanted it to stop.   I felt Karen start to shudder and moan louder. I  knew she was getting close, but I didn't want to stop because it felt so good to be sucking her just-discovered girlhood. All of a sudden she pressed her pussy hard against my mouth and felt I her clit spasming on my tongue.

Her cum shook her whole body and her juices literally dripped down her labes and the only thing I could do was swallow it. Karen's body went limp but she continued to suck on my dick. I was still sucking her pussy as it was slowly quieting down from its frenzied state. Her cum tasted sweet and tangy, all at the same time. I felt the familiar tingling deep down inside my body and Karen started sucking up and down harder and faster. I was so close I couldn't control my body as my hips were rocking up and down in rythmn with Karen's sucking. I let out a loud moan as I shot the biggest load of my life right down her throat.   Karen kept sucking on my dick as it went limp. Then she came back up next to me and we held each others genitals as we fell asleep. 

The next morning I woke up early hearing one of Karen's sisters getting up. It was Sara. She, like her sister, wore pajamas to bed. I pretended I was still asleep as I watched her get up off her bed. She had cute little bumps barely poking the front of her PJ top, and I began to wonder what the rest of her body would look like nude. When I re-opened my eyes she was standing right in front of me with her hands in her bottoms and I knew she was rubbing her pussy. She continued doing this for a few minutes, with a far away look in her half-closed eyes until I reached up and pinched her tummy.   I must have scared the hell out of her. She opened her eyes and stared right at me. 

I said "Shhhh, don't worry about it. Come here." Sara came closer to me and I pulled down her pajamas to fully expose her cute little honey box. It was just as sexy-looking  as Karen's but there wasn't even peach fuzz on this one.  I didn't know what to say, and she didn't either so I reached out and slid my finger along the underside of her tiny slit. I was surprised that she was already a little wet in her crack and I instantly sprouted a "woody" as I stroked further along her pre-teen pussy. I then raised up and brought my mouth up to her preteen mound and began sucking it at the top while still stroking it underneath with my finger. Sara's pussy tasted even better then her sister's. I sucked on her for about 5 minutes when I felt Karen start to wake up. Sara pulled away from my mouth and went into the bathroom conected to their room.   Karen reached over me and grabbed my hard dick and said "That was great last night, I have been wanting you to do that with me for so long. Did you have fun with Sara?"   

I stammered out "Fun with what?" I was scared we got caught.  "I know you were sucking my sisters pussy. I was watching you. Did you like her pussy?" 

"I thought you were asleep", I said while staying turned away from her so she wouldn't see how embarrased I was. "But yes, I did like it."   Karen grabbed my dick real hard and said, "Don't worry about it. Me and Sara play with each other all the time. And Brenda even gets into the act on occasion."   I let out a sigh of relief and reached back behind me and found Karen's moistening pussy. I rubbed it and pressed my finger into her hole. Karen was rubbing her pussy on my fingers when Sara came back into the room. She had taken off her pajama bottoms, and only had on the PJ tops, which came to just below her crotch. She saw what Karen was doing and came over next to our bed.  She pulled the sheets down under my hard dick and boldly pulled my jockeys down to expose my throbbing dick. She then reached in and grabbed on my dick head and stroked it up and down. Then seeing what my other hand was doing to Karen, she asked me, "Don't you want to touch me down there too?"

"Oh, so you liked me touching your...what do you call it, anyway?"

"We call this our 'cunny' " she told me. "Yeah, it felt even better than when Brenda or Karen touches it," she replied, while raising the bottom of her PJ shirt,  proudly showing off her bald little pussy. 

"OK, but will you do something else for me, too?" "Sure, what?" "Would you kiss me down here?" "You mean, put your thing in my mouth?" she asked, slyly casting a glance over to Karen. Then before I could answer her, she bent over and started planting kisses all over my tool, still holding it in her hands. Her eagerness implied to me that mine was probably not the first dick to pass the threshhold ofthose pixie lips. Then she swirled her tongue around and around my dick as Karen was grinding her pussy on my fingers behind me.   I thought I had died and gone to heaven. But in heaven this next part never would have happened.   KNOCK... KNOCK... KNOCK... "Time to get up girls" It was thier mother. Sara rushed to her bed and jumped in as I went to hide in the closet and Karen pulled up the covers and rolled over. They both pretended to just be getting up when their mother opened the door.  Sara said they were up and would be down shortly. Thank god their mother knocks first or that could have been one embarrasing moment.  

Continued in Part Two Kids At Play:  The swimming hole  

 





















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....