Copyright © 1997   WaywardOne.   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.








This story contains sex between an adult male and MINOR females. It is a consentual, Mf,ff,con, story, that has been converted from an originally homosexual story previously posted on the internet, by another author. 




Kids At Play, Chaps 5-6



Part Five Kids At Play
Lets Play Doctor


I was pretty busy the rest of the week so I didn't get a chance to go
over to Tim and Karen's house. But when Saturday came around I rushed
over there to see if they wanted to play.

Tim wasn't home, but Brenda got a new game during the week. One of
those play doctor sets. Karen said that they had played with it and
it was fun. So me, Karen, Sara, and Brenda took the game and headed
out to our fort that we had up in the woods on the side of the
highway. When we got to the fort Karen opened up the kit and showed
me what each instrument was.

"Do you want to be first Jeremy ?" she asked me.
"Nah, that's OK, do Sara first." I replied.
"OK Sara, lay down on the blanket." Karen told her.
Me and Brenda went over next to the blanket and sat down so that we
could watch but not be in their way.

Sara did as Karen said and laid down. Karen took out a 
stethoscope and had Sara take off her shirt. I gave out a low 
whistle as her smallish tits came into view, and everybody 
laughed. She then listened to her heart and stomach, resting 
the stethoscope right over her left nipple.  "Not much movement 
here, must be a dormant organ," Karen said, rubbing the cold 
instrument over her tit flesh. "Uh,Uh, something's happening 
here, must be alive after all!" Sara blushed at her hardening 
nipple and slapped Karen's hand away. Next Karen took out a 
tongue depressor and looked in Sara's mouth. After that she 
checked Sara's ears with an instrument and then checked her 
blood pressure with a pressure cuff. "OK Sara, take off the 
rest of your clothes now so I can check the rest of you." Karen 
said. Sara did as she said and took off her shorts and 
underwear. Sara's slick valley between her thighs was smooth as 
glass and just seeing it made my dick get hard instantly. 
Looking over at Karen's face I could see she was slightly 
flushed at the sight of her sister's naked cunt staring her in 
the face. Karen took a hammer thing and checked Sara's reflex's 
on her knees. "Lay on your back now so I can check your 
temperature." Karen told her.

"I thought you were supposed to measure temperature in the 
butt, Karen," I said, wondering what she was going to do.

"That's what I'll do for Brenda, since she's so small, but Sara 
likes it better in front, don't you Sara?" Sara blushed and 
covered her face with her hands, and Karen continued with her 
"procedure". She took out a plastic thermometer from the kit 
and a little tube of lotion. She put some lotion on the 
thermometer and slowly slid it into Sara's pussy. Sara just 
moaned as Karen pretended to be getting it in the right 
position, sliding it back and forth.

"OK, Sit up so I can check the rest of you out while I finish 
taking your temperature." Sara gingerly sat up with the shiny 
piece of plastic sticking up from her pussy. Karen reached down 
and felt Sara's steamy pussy for a minute, then pulled out the 
thermometer and put it away. She then had Sara lay on her back 
again and fingered her pussy once more.

"Looks like you have a problem here Sara," she said, sliding her
finger in and out. "I'm going to have to take care of that."

"Jeremy, you're my assistant. I want you to help make Sara more
comfortable, while I check out Brenda."

"OK, Doctor." I said. I got between Sara's legs and put my hands 
on her thighs, spreading them out even more. With my thumbs I 
started massaging her outer lips, barely grazing her moist 
opening. Whenever I touched the tip of her clit Sara would jump 
as if being shocked, and her lips would open to beckon my 
fingers. I bent over her pussy and licked along its length 
while she moaned in pleasure above me. She tasted great. I 
started sucking on her pussy in earnest now, and she was close 
to her first orgasm. While I was doing this I looked over and 
saw Karen had Brenda all the way undressed and was starting to 
check her out. I could see Brenda's little hands tightening on 
the blanket as Karen proceeded with the "exam". I concentrated 
on making Sara feel good and got back to sucking her with a 
vengeance. I used my tongue as much as I could up near her 
clitoris, while sliding my finger in her hole, which was 
already quite wet from Karen's previous exam and now my tongue 
and fingers. After a little while Karen came over next to us. 

"You need to get undressed also Jeremy. But first you need to 
undress me."

"OK Karen," I replied.

Karen did and I got busy with my part. First I took the back of 
her shirt and slowly pulled it over her head and off.

Next I went down on my knees and undid the button of her 
shorts. I then took her zipper in my mouth and slowly lowered 
it. The whole time I could smell her girl-juices from her 
panties through her shorts. When the zipper was down I opened 
the flaps of her shorts, and grabbed her whole crotch in my 
hand.

Needless to say, her panties were soaking wet, evidence of her 
own enjoyment of the afternoon's activities. I kept stroking 
back and forth in her crotch, loving the feel of her lightly 
haired pussy through her panties. Then I slid her shorts all 
the way off. There was Karen standing in front of me with just 
her panties on and her luscious young breasts sporting their 
hard little nipples. I got up and put my mouth on the waistband 
of her panties. I was going to pull them down right away but 
instead I let go and planted my mouth right on the front of her 
pussy through her panties. 

My hands and face got slimy rubbing 
her crotch, and her panties were so wet they were nearly 
transparent. Karen pretended to be embarrassed and tried 
pulling away from me, but then she came back close and I put my 
mouth back on her pussy. There was a large wet spot right over 
her pussy that was soaking through her panties. I put my mouth 
on it and sucked on it. It tasted just like Karen, very sweet. 
I brought my head up to her waistband and lowered her panties 
past her lightly-haired muff and down off her feet. She was now 
standing in front of me completely naked. I brought my mouth up 
to her slit and slid my tongue around and through it. 

Karen was 
moaning now and I told her to lay down on the blanket on her 
back. I looked over at the other side of the fort and Brenda 
and Sara were licking each other, and Brenda was feeling Sara's 
little tits. I took off my clothes so that now everyone was 
naked and laid down next to Karen so that we could be in a 69 
position. Karen's pussy was just pouring juices so I slid my 
mouth onto it and began to thoroughly eat her out. Karen took 
my dick into her mouth, and was giving me a great blow job. 
After about 5 minutes of lapping in Karen's pussy I felt Karen 
raise her head, and then a different mouth resumed on my cock. 
I looked up and saw it was Sara, and she took up where Karen 
had left off. And Brenda was now bending over Karen, as we 
completed the change-of-partners game. I raised my knees a bit 
so that Sara could get in close, and I felt her play with my 
balls while still sucking on my dick.

I was going crazy. Here I was sucking on Sara's pussy, while 
she was sucking my dick, watching her younger sister Brenda 
lick her older sister Karen's pussy.

I couldn't take that much pleasure and I released several huge 
squirts of jism down Sara's throat. At the same time I felt her 
start her release into my mouth.

I rolled off of Sara and lay next to her and Sara came and 
laid next to me with a giant smile all over her face. She 
hugged me and we kissed deeply for a while. Karen wanted to 
know why Sara was so happy and Sara told her and they hugged 
and kissed too. Poor Brenda felt so alone so I had her come 
over and lay on top of me. We all stayed like that for about 20 
minutes until we were all calmed down. We got up and put all 
the doctor instruments away and headed home.

Continued in Part Six Kids At Play: Unexpected Encounter



Chapter Six Kids At Play
A New Friend

 One day me and Karen went bike riding over by the fire station 
where there was a small dry gully. It was great for riding your 
bike down one side and up the other and jumping, for the 
highway side was about 10' higher then the other. We were 
playing there for about half an hour when we started getting 
tired and hot. So we rode across the street to were we had 
another one of our hideaways. This one was on the corner of the 
highway and our street. And was in underneath a giant tree that 
had hanging branches and leaves that were great camouflage. 
>From the streets you couldn't see inside under the tree at all. 
Inside it was almost like a house. 

There was one giant area 
that we had a hanging tire to swing on. Another area was real 
small and we had built up a dirt wall around it to be our 
little hiding place to play around in. Further back in where 
the branches touched the ground we had a big crate that was 
completely hidden and had enough room for two people. Well, we 
parked our bikes under the trunk of the tree and I climbed up 
into the tire swing while Karen climbed up above me and went up 
onto a wooden platform we had looking out over the top of the 
tree canopy. While she was climbing I could see the skin next 
to her pussy through the leg openings in her short shorts. I 
mentioned this to her. "Oh yeah," she said. "I'll be right down 
and we'll see about that."

When she climbed down from the tree she went over to our hiding 
hole and I quickly joined her. Karen pulled down her shorts and 
exposed her pussy to me.

"Here you go Jeremy. Lets see what you can do with it now that 
you can see it without peeking at it." I got down on my knees 
and grabbed her hips with both hands as I lowered my mouth onto 
her moistening pussy. She got wetter real quick when I started 
sucking on her pussy. I continued sucking for a while when all 
of a sudden Karen pushed me away and pulled up her shorts real 
quick. "What did you do that for Karen?" I asked.

"Over by the entrance," she replied. "Someone was there 
watching us."

"Shit!" I said as I ran for my bike and headed towards the rear 
exit at a fast pace. "Hurry up, lets get out of here!" I said 
back to Karen as I went through the exit. When I was out to the 
street corner I noticed that Karen hadn't followed me. I went 
down the block a bit so that I could see the front entrance to 
the fort. There was Karen talking to the girl that was watching 
us.

"Hey Jeremy, come on over, its all right." Karen yelled to me. 
Reluctantly - and very embarrassed - I rode over to them. "It's 
OK Jeremy , this is Michele." Karen told me. "Hi Michele." I 
said.

"Hi Jeremy. Sorry to intrude on you guys. I just found this 
tree a few days ago and had come here for privacy myself." 
Michele told me. "Michele was watching us for awhile before I 
noticed her," Karen said. "and she wants to join us. Is that 
all right with you Jeremy ?" "Yeah, I guess so." I said, still 
embarrassed.

The three of us headed back into the tree fort. I took a good 
look at Michele as we went inside. She must have been about 
5'3" or so and she had blonde shoulder length hair, blue eyes, 
and a nice body. I caught her looking at me while I was looking 
at her and I turned away embarrassed again. When we got inside 
I climbed back up on the tire swing while Karen and Michele sat 
on one of the benches we had there. "So how long have you guys 
been making out with each other?" Michele asked us. 
"Practically all summer." Karen told her.

"So what have you been doing here Michele?" I asked.

"Well, I just moved in about 2 weeks ago and was exploring. My 
parents won't let me have a boyfriend, so nobody around here 
wants to be friends with me, 'cuz they know I can't do too 
much. Then I found this tree fort and your little hidden hole 
over there with those nude magazines. So I played with myself 
while I was looking at the pictures. I couldn't believe my eyes 
when I saw you sucking on Karen's pussy. I've heard about 
making and all, but that was pretty wild. If you don't want me 
around here I can go.." "No, it's OK, right Jeremy?" Karen 
quickly asked me.

"Sure, its fine with me. You've never done much with a boy 
before, Michele?" "Not really, but Karen told me something 
else, too," she replied, blushing as she looked over to Karen 
for support. "Oh, and what was that?" I asked.

"I told her that I sometimes fool around with girls, too." 
Karen spoke up. So I guess all of her secrets were out.

"And I guess I wouldn't mind if all three of us did stuff, too, 
if that's OK." Michele said. She may not have had too much 
experience but she sure made up for it in enthusiasm. "I was 
watching you for about 4 minutes or so before I was caught. I 
wanted to come in and join you but was embarrassed myself." 
"You scared the shit out of me." I said. "But since you are 
here maybe you would like to join in on the fun anyway."

"Sure. And I had a girl friend back were I used to live. Me and 
her used to do the same stuff that Karen was talking about all 
the time." Karen went over to the entrance to the crate and 
came back with another blanket that we had in there. She took 
it over to the hole and spread it out next to the one that was 
already there. While Karen was doing that I had an idea for a 
great game. I went over to one of our hidden spots and brought 
out a small trunk. Inside the trunk we used to keep things that 
we would play with. I found the old deck of cards and brought 
them over to the hiding hole were Karen and Michele were 
sitting.

"I have an idea for a game. Each of us will pick a card and 
whoever has the lowest card must remove a piece of clothing. 
After we are all naked then we can try something else." I told 
them.

"Sounds like fun Jeremy ," Michele said. "Since you made up the 
game you start."

I shuffled the cards and then picked one and looked at it. It 
was the two of diamonds. "Damn, looks like I lost one already. 
Lets see if one of you can draw a two also." I passed the deck 
to Karen and she drew the five of hearts. "I'm safe." she said. 
Next Michele took the deck and drew the six of diamonds.

"Well, like I said, looks like I lost one piece." I took off my 
right shoe and put it behind me. To make it more fun I took the 
three cards and put them aside. That way there would be less 
cards to choose from. I took the deck from Michele and drew my 
next card. This time I got the five of spades. Karen drew a 
card and it was the eight of spades. Karen passed the deck to 
Michele and she drew the two of hearts.

"Looks like you lost that one Michele." me and Karen said 
together. She also took off one of her shoes. The deck came 
back to me and I drew the Ace of diamonds. No way I could lose 
there.

The next several hands had Karen losing her right shoe, both 
Karen and Michele losing there left shoes because of me drawing 
an ace and both of them had sevens, me losing my left shoe, 
Michele losing her right sock and then her left sock, then I 
lost my other shoe. The next hand had both me and Karen losing 
a piece. We both took off our right socks. Karen next lost her 
left sock so that both her and Michele only had on their pants, 
shirts, and panties, while I was still ahead of them with one 
sock. Now it was getting interesting though. Because both me 
and Michele lost to Karen. I took off my remaining sock but 
Michele had to take off her shirt. I was right in my initial 
guess about her body. She had a perfect pair of young tits that 
were about lemon-size and stood right out in front of her. By 
this time I was beginning to feel the familiar twinges down in 
my pants. Michele looked great with her bite-sized titties 
staring at us, with those slightly erect nipples begging to be 
sucked.

The next hand had me losing my own shirt and then Karen had to 
do the same. I feasted my eyes on Karen's tits and mentally 
compared the two girls. Karen's were a little smaller than 
Michele's but delectable just the same. It was getting real 
close now and all three of us were only in our pants and 
underpants. I didn't want to be the first to lose because of my 
ever growing erection. I barely beat Michele on the next hand 
with her three and my four. 

She stood up and slowly unzipped 
her pants and let them fall around her ankles. She sat back 
down and took them off the rest of the way. I couldn't help but 
stare at her white cotton panties. The crease of her pussy was 
barely noticeable but I could see it just the same, and that 
sight didn't help quell my hard-on. 

I took the deck from 
Michele and drew my card. King of spades. That made me feel 
good. I would be the last person to remove their pants. Karen 
drew the nine of spades and Michele got the ten of clubs. This 
time Karen had to stand up and remove her pants. I could tell 
she was just as excited as me now, and she breathed heavily as 
she bent to remove her pants. When she lowered her pants there 
was a wet spot on her panties, and I knew then how excited she 
was. It looked like maybe this next hand would tell who lost. I 
took the deck and drew the Jack of hearts. No problem there, 
not much could beat it. But then Karen drew the Queen of 
hearts. Still OK though. I'm sure Michele could get lower than 
me. 

Karen passed the deck over to Michele and wouldn't you know 
it. She drew the King of Clubs. I stood up and unzipped my 
pants and teasingly slow I lowered them to my ankles and sat 
back down and took them off the rest of the way. Karen noticed 
the tent in my underwear and she let me know it. Well, here we 
were. One guy with two girls sitting there on the blanket in 
just our underwear. This next hand would be the win or lose 
hand. There were only four cards left by this time.

"To make it more interesting lets draw a card and place it face 
down in front of us without looking at it." Karen suggested. 
"Then we all turn them over at the same time." Sounded good to 
me. I drew my card and placed it in front of me. Karen and 
Michele did the same.

"OK, On the count of three turn your cards over." Karen said.
I was getting pretty nervous by this time.

"One."

Did I have a high card to win or was I going to be the first to get naked.
"Two."
Oh no, Now I am really scared. I can tell that both Michele and Karen are also.

"Three.

At three we all turned over our cards. Karen had the 10 of 
diamonds, I had the 8 of hearts, and Michele had the 6 of 
hearts.

"YEAH!" I yelled. I felt much better now that I had not lost 
the game. Michele stood up and turned around to show us her 
butt as she slowly lowered her panties and took them off.

"Turn around Michele." Karen asked. Michele turned around and 
showed us the prettiest little pussy bush I had ever seen. 
There was just a wisp of hair around the top of her mound 
growing thinner yet as it reached the top of her slit. Michele 
sat back down and crossed her legs, with her pussy staring 
straight at Karen and I.

"OK, you two now it is your turn to strip." Karen took the 
cards and reshuffled them, and drew the 3 of Clubs. I took the 
deck from Karen and could see her getting a little red. I drew 
the Queen of Diamonds. Karen stood up and quickly took off her 
panties and sat back down with her hands in her lap. Her pussy 
was fully exposed also and I though I detected a drop of 
moisture slipping out her crack.

"OK, since I won you two have to do what I say." I told them. 
"First I want Michele to lick Karen's tits. Karen sat up on her 
hands, pointing her perky tits in front of her, and Michele sat 
next to her. She knelt down and licked Karen's small titties 
and took each one into her mouth and kissed it tenderly. Karen 
raised her knees up and out so that Michele could get even 
closer to her.

Kids At Play


(Sorry folks, but the archive that this mm story-series was 
adapted from only went to chapter 6. If anyone comes across the 
remaining chapters, e-mail me at my anon address and I will be 
glad to try and convert it.)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....