Copyright © 1997,   The MadHatter.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.








Fun With The Kids
by The MadHatter

Chapter 1 – Double-Teaming The Baby-Sitter

	Billy couldn’t believe he had to have a baby-sitter.  He was 12 years old, he didn’t need a baby-sitter!  Just because his sister 
Becky was only 8, and his mom and dad didn’t think he was old enough to watch her while they were gone.  At least his best friend 
Justin would be coming over.  With a baby-sitter to look after Becky, they could be by themselves, and not have to worry about her.  
Shortly before 7:00, the doorbell rang.  Billy’s mother answered it.  It was Sarah, the baby-sitter.  As much as Billy hated having to 
have a baby-sitter, he didn’t mind too much that it was Sarah.  She was 17, and he really enjoyed looking at her.  Even though girls his 
own age were still kind of “icky”, Sarah was different.  She was a grown woman (at least as far as Billy was concerned).  He 
definitely wouldn’t mind spending the night with her!
	“Come in, Sarah,” Billy’s mother, Barbara, said.
	Sarah was just walking in the door when Billy saw Justin walking up the sidewalk.  He ran out the door to greet his friend.  The 
two of them started talking, and immediately went up to Billy’s room.  Sarah walked into the kitchen with Barbara.
	“Neil and I should be back no later than midnight,” Barbara told her.  “Have Becky take her bath around 8:00, and she needs to be 
in bed by 9:00.  You can let Billy and Justin stay up till 10:00 or 10:30, since they’ll try and stay up that late, regardless!”
	The two women laughed.  Just then, Barbara’s husband Neil walked in.  He was dressed in a black suit, and Sarah admired his 
well-groomed blonde hair, his blue eyes, his masculine body.  Half the reason she baby-sat for the Johnsons whenever she could was 
to see him.  Her pussy got wet just thinking about him.  She stared at him, sighing.
	“Hello, Sarah,” he said.  “How are you tonight?”
	“Pretty good, Mr. Johnson.”
	“That’s good.  You ready to go, honey?” he asked, turning to his wife.
	“Of course.  I’ve been waiting on you.  And they say women take forever to get ready!”  
	Neil laughed and kissed her on the cheek.  The couple walked to the door, Sarah walking them out.  Becky came running down-
stairs to say goodbye.  Barbara gave her a big hug, followed by Neil, then the two of them left, closing the door behind them.  Becky 
and Sarah went into the livingroom.
	“So what do you want to do, Becky?” Sarah asked her.
	“I wanna watch My Little Pony!” Becky replied.
	“Okay,” Sarah said with a laugh.
	Sarah put the movie on, and the two of them watched it.  Sarah thought about checking on the boys, but decided they’d be fine.  
Once the movie was over, Sarah had Becky take her bath. By then it was almost 9:00, so Sarah had her get ready for bed.  Once she 
was tucked in, Sarah went to check on Billy and Justin.  The door to Billy’s room was closed, so Sarah put her ear up to it, trying to 
hear what was going on inside.  She couldn’t hear anything, which she thought was strange, since boys their age usually seem to be 
extremely noisy.  Sarah was about to knock, then stopped herself.  She was really curious as to just what the boys were doing, and 
didn’t want to alert them to her presence by knocking.  So instead, she quietly opened the door just a crack, peeking into the room.  
Her eyes widened at the scene before her.  It made her very, very glad that she hadn’t knocked, however.
	Billy and Justin were sitting next to each other on Billy’s bed.  They were naked from the waist down, wearing only their shirts.  
Each boy was stroking the other’s erect penis.  Although not as large as the cocks of the teenaged boys that Sarah had dated, both 
were well-endowed for their age; especially Billy, who looked to be a good inch longer than his friend.  Sarah could feel her panties 
getting wet as she watched the two boys.  She had never been at all interested in young boys before.  As a matter of fact, she had 
always thought of Billy as just a kid she baby-sat.  But standing there, staring at his prick as Justin stroked his hand up and down on it, 
Sarah suddenly found herself very aroused.  She had been fantasizing about Neil all evening, so she’d been fairly horny even before 
she’d opened the door.  The show she was getting only intensified her desires.  More than anything at that moment, she wanted to 
fuck these two young boys.  She wanted to stroke their hard, virgin cocks, caress their smooth skins, let them explore her naked 
body.  She watched them for a few more minutes then, not able to stand it any more, she walked boldly into the room.
	Billy and Justin looked up, their eyes wide, their mouths hanging open.  Both were too shocked to react, and simply sat there, 
their hands still clenching each other’s cocks.  Sarah’s eyes roamed across their young bodies.  They lingered on the two stiff young 
cocks.  She had to fight the urge to start rubbing her pussy through her jeans.  
	Billy stammered out, “S-S-Sarah!!  What are you doing in my room?!  What do you want?”
	He sounded bolder than he looked, and Sarah wanted to laugh.  Instead, she sat down on the bed next to him.  
	“Now, don’t be upset, Billy.  I just wanted to watch you two, that’s all.  You don’t mind if I watch, do you?”
	Realizing what she was seeing, the two boys immediately jerked their hands from each other’s pricks.  
	“You’re not gonna tell our parents, are you?”  Justin asked in a quiet voice.
	“Of course not!  There’s nothing wrong with two young boys exploring each other’s bodies.  It feels good when you touch each 
other’s cocks, doesn’t it?”
	Billy couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  Sarah had never talked like this before.  
	“Yeah, it does feel good,” he said.
	Sarah smiled.  
	“Do you two do this a lot?”
	“N-n-no!” Justin stammered.
	“It’s okay, Justin,” Sarah said.  “It’s nothing to be ashamed of.  Have you ever sucked each other’s dicks?”
	Billy’s eyes widened, as did Justin’s.  
	“Sucked them?” Justin asked, shocked.  “Yuck!!  Why would we do that?”
	“Because it feels really good,” Sarah said.  “Much better than just stroking them.”
	“How would you know?” Billy asked.  “You don’t even have one!”
	“Because I’ve sucked boys’ dicks before, and they really liked it.”
	“You have?”
	Billy couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
	“Sure.  So why don’t you two suck each other?  I’d love to watch.”
	“I don’t know,” said Justin.  “It doesn’t sound like much fun to me.”
	“I’ll tell you what,” Sarah replied.  “If you two suck each other’s dicks, I’ll let you see me naked.”
	“Naked?” Billy asked, a look of lust filling his eyes.
	“Can we touch you, too?” Justin asked.
	Sarah laughed.
	“You can touch me anywhere you like.  I promise.”
	The two boys looked at each other.  
	“What do you think?” Billy asked his friend.
	“Okay, but you go first.”
	“Okay.”  
	Billy’s hand returned to Justin’s dick, and he stroked it lightly.
	“Why don’t you lie down, Justin?” Sarah suggested.
	“Okay.”  
	Justin lay down on the bed.  Billy got between his legs, and bent down till his face was right next to Justin’s cock.  He simply 
looked at it for a few seconds, trying to build up his nerve.  He wasn’t sure that he really wanted to do this, but he DID really want to 
see Sarah naked.  He slowly opened his mouth, wrapping his lips around the head of Justin’s dick.  Justin gasped.  Billy slid his mouth 
all the way down Justin’s dick, then slid it back off.
	“How does it feel?”  he asked.
	“Pretty good.  Keep doing it,” Justin said, smiling down at his friend.
	“Just pretend it’s a popsicle,” Sarah said, “and suck just like you would a popsicle.”
	Taking her advice, Billy took Justin’s prick back into his mouth, sucking it just like a popsicle.  His mouth bobbed up and down.  
Then he slid it out of his mouth and ran his tongue along the shaft a few times.  Then he sucked it back into his mouth.  It actually felt 
pretty good.  Justin lay back, his eyes closed, his breathing coming in long, deep breathes.  He couldn’t believe how good his friend’s 
mouth felt on his dick.  Much better than when they just played with each other.
	Then Billy slid Justin’s dick out of his mouth, and let it slap back against his belly.  
	“Don’t stop now!” Justin complained. 
	“It’s mine turn now,” Billy told him.
	Justin sighed.  He’d really been enjoying that, but fair was fair.  Besides, he wanted to hurry up and suck Billy’s dick so that they 
could see Sarah naked.  Justin sat up, and Billy took his place lying on the bed.  Justin got between Billy’s legs, and took his friend’s 
dick in his hand.  He stroked it a few times, hesitating.  Then he remembered what Sarah had said, and pretended it was a popsicle.  
Bending his head down, he ran his tongue along the shaft and over the head.  Billy groaned, and Justin could feel his dick twitching.  
He licked it again, then slid it into his mouth.
	Billy moaned as Justin bobbed up and down on his dick, sucking him.  He couldn’t believe how good it felt.  Now he knew why 
Justin hadn’t wanted him to stop.  His breathing was coming in ragged gasps as Justin’s mouth slid up and down his cock.  He was 
enjoying his first blowjob so much that he had completely forgotten about getting to see Sarah naked.
	Sarah, meanwhile, had slid her hand inside her jeans, rubbing her pussy through her panties.  She couldn’t believe she was 
watching two young boys give each other blowjobs, and at her suggestion!!  Justin was really giving Billy’s dick a good sucking.  
After a minute or so, he removed Billy’s dick from his mouth, and sat up.  Billy sighed, wishing that Justin wouldn’t have stopped, 
then sat up next to him, and they both looked at Sarah expectantly.  
	‘Time to pay up,’ Sarah thought with a laugh.
	Sarah removed her hand from her pants and stood up, facing the boys.  
	“So, did you like that?”
	“Oh yeah,” said Billy with a smile.  “It was really fun!”
	“It was pretty good,” Justin agreed.  “But you said we could see you naked.”
	“And you shall,” Sarah said with a smile.
	Sarah slowly pulled off her T-shirt, revealing her flat, smooth stomach and her pert breasts, hidden by a lacy white bra.  The boys 
simply stared.  Sarah leaned forward, removing her shoes and socks.  Then she slowly slid her hands down her sides to her waist, then 
along the top of her jeans to her crotch.  She unbuttoned her jeans one button at a time, pausing briefly between each button.  After 
unbuttoning the last button, she pulled open her fly, letting the boys see her red silky panties before slowly sliding her pants down 
her long, sexy legs.  Stepping out of her jeans, she tossed them aside.  Continuing her slow, sexy striptease, Sarah turned around, 
revealing her round, firm ass to the boys.  Still facing away from them, she reached around and unhooked her bra.  Dropping the bra 
to the floor, she turned back around, her breasts covered by her hands. 
	“You boys wanna see my tits?” she asked coyly.
	“Yeah!” replied both boys in unison.
	Sarah dropped her hands away, shaking her breasts at the boys.  There were only medium-sized, but stood up firm and solid; each 
was capped by a small pink nipple.  Sarah squeezed her nipples with her fingers, sighing deeply as she felt them stiffen under her 
touch.  Then she slid a hand down her stomach to her pussy, rubbing it through her panties.  She smiled as she watched the two boys; 
their eyes were riveted on her panties.  Sarah rubbed herself some more, then turned around again.  Standing with her legs together, 
she bent over sharply at the waist, then slowly slid her panties down her legs, giving the boys a shot of her gorgeous ass.  She stepped 
out of her panties, still facing away from the boys.  She turned slightly to look at them, making sure that they couldn’t see her pussy.
	“I suppose you want me to turn around?”
	“Yeah, turn around,” Billy said.
	“Come on, we want to see your pussy,” said Justin, his hand going to his cock.
	Justin slowly stroked his cock.  Billy was stroking his, as well.  Sarah smiled as a wicked idea came into her head.  
	“Okay, I’ll turn around, but only if you two stroke each other’s cocks.”
	The two boys immediately moved their hands to each other’s dicks, sliding them up and down.  Their eyes never left Sarah.  
Sarah felt her pussy juices starting to moisten her thighs.  She couldn’t believe how wet she was.  The fact that she had the boys 
totally in her control made her more aroused than she had been in a long time.  She watched them jerking each other off for a 
moment, then turned back around, spreading her legs so that the boys got a good view of her pussy.  She kept her bush well-trimmed, 
so she could wear skimpy swimsuits.  Her pussy lips stood out, open to the boys’ view.  Sarah ran her fingers along her lips, wetting 
them with her juices.  She brought her fingers to her mouth, and sucked the juices off of them.  Then she walked up to the boys.
	“You said you wanted to touch me.  So touch away.”
	Billy reached out tentatively, stroking his hand along Sarah’s hip.  Joel ran his hands along her left leg, stopping at her upper 
thigh.  He desperately wanted to touch her pussy, but couldn’t quite get up the nerve to do so.  Billy, on the other hand, had no such 
difficulty.  He slid his hand along Sarah’s inner thigh to her pussy, slowly sliding one finger along her wet lips.  Sarah moaned softly.
	“Why don’t we get on the bed,” she told the boys.  “It’ll be more comfortable that way.”
	The three of them got on the bed, one boy on each side of Sarah.
	“I’m all yours, boys,” Sarah said, spreading her legs as she sprawled out on the bed.
	The two boys ran their hands all along her body, marveling at the soft feel of her skin.  They massaged her tits, caressed her belly 
and legs.  Then Justin leaned down and kissed one of her breasts.  Billy followed the other boy’s example, and soon they were both 
kissing and licking all along Sarah’s body.
	“Suck my nipples,” Sarah moaned.
	Billy and Justin eagerly did just that.  Each boy took one nipple into his mouth, sucking it greedily.  Their hands continued to 
slide up and down Sarah’s body.  Then Billy released her nipple from his mouth and moved down between Sarah’s legs.  His eyes 
feasted on the sight before him.  There was Sarah’s pussy, her pink lips puffed out slightly, glistening with her juices.  He reached 
out a tentative finger and slid it along her slit.  Sarah moaned. Growing bolder, Billy leaned down and placed his lips on her pussy, 
kissing her softly, then slipping just the tip of his tongue out of his mouth and running it along her pussy lips, tasting her.  Sarah’s 
back arched, and a loud groan escaped her lips.
	“Suck me, Billy!” she moaned.  “Suck my pussy!”
	Grabbing Justin by the shoulders, Sarah pulled him up to her face, kissing him passionately on the lips.  She pushed her tongue 
out, forcing it into his mouth.  Justin was unsure of what to do at first, but then got the idea, pushing his tongue back at her.  Their 
tongues intertwined as they kissed.  Justin’s hands found her breasts, squeezing and fondling them as he and Sarah kissed.  Sarah 
reached down with one hand and slowly stroked his cock.
	Billy continued running his tongue along Sarah’s pussy, enjoying the taste of her juices.  He sucked on her pussy, then pushed 
his tongue deep inside her.  Using his fingers, he spread her lips apart, viewing the inner pink of her sopping wet pussy.  He licked up 
more of her wonderful pussy juice, then pushed first one, then two fingers into her pussy, fucking them slowly in and out.  He 
couldn’t believe he was doing this!! As he licked and finger fucked Sarah’s pussy, he wondered if his mother’s pussy looked and 
tasted this good.  He’d seen her naked once a few months ago, when he’d accidentally walked in on her getting out of the shower, and 
ever since then he’d wanted to see more of her naked body.  But he put thoughts of his mother aside as he pushed his fingers in and 
out of Sarah’s pussy.  Examining her pussy more closely, he noticed a little bump at the top of her lips.  Wondering what it was, he 
ran his tongue along it.
	Sarah gasped and bucked wildly as Billy found her clit.  Realizing how excited this got her, Billy continued to lick and suck at 
this obviously sensitive spot.  Soon the sensations were too much for Sarah, and she climaxed, pussy juices flooding out onto Billy’s 
face.  He licked them all up, fucking his fingers faster in and out as Sarah finished her climax.  Once the waves of passion had 
receded from her body, she collapsed back onto the bed, lying there limply, a huge smile on her face.  Billy looked up at her from 
between her legs, smiling as well, his face glistening with her juices.
	“God, that was great!”  Sarah said, gasping.  “Why don’t you two bring your cocks up here and I’ll return the favor.”
	The two boys eagerly moved up to Sarah’s head, sitting on their knees on each side of her.  Sarah took a cock in each hand, 
slowly stroking them.  Then she leaned over slightly and took Billy’s shaft into her mouth, running her tongue along the bottom of it 
as she sucked on his head.  Billy groaned.
	“God, that feels good!!” he moaned.  “You sure know how to do it, Sarah!”
	Sarah sucked a little while longer, then switched to Justin, taking him into her mouth.  He moaned as well.  Then he grabbed one 
of her breasts, squeezing it as she sucked him.  Billy fondled her other breast.  Sarah continued to suck the two boys’ cocks, moving 
from one to the other.  She could tell that they wouldn’t last long.  But that was okay with Sarah.  She wanted to taste their young boy 
cum, wanted it to fill up her mouth.  Besides, she knew with the energy that boys that age had, they’d still be raring to go.  
	Justin was the first to reach orgasm.  He moaned loudly, his body jerking wildly.
	“Oh shit!  Oh shit!” he shouted.
	Sarah wrapped her hand tightly around his shaft, putting his head on her tongue.  Justin’s seed burst from his cock, splashing onto 
Sarah’s tongue.  He didn’t produce nearly as much as some of Sarah’s boyfriends did, but it still tasted oh so good.  Sarah quickly 
swallowed Justin’s cum, sucking the last of it from his dick, then turned to Billy, sucking and stroking him until, a few seconds later, 
he came as well, spurting his jism into Sarah’s mouth, shouting and moaning.  Sarah swallowed his cum as well, then released the two 
cocks, lying back, smiling widely.  The two boys slumped down next to her, both with huge grins on their faces as they enjoyed the 
after-effects of their first orgasms with a woman.
	“We’re not done yet, boys,” Sarah said with a smile a few seconds later.
	Looking down, she saw that both boys were still hard.  Sarah reached out and slowly stroked the two cocks.  The young boys 
returned the favor by sucking on her tits.  Sarah moaned as they sucked and licked her nipples.
	“So,” Sarah asked the boys, “who wants to fuck me first?”
	Her question was greeted with eager replies of, “Me first, me first!” from both of the boys.  Sarah laughed.
	“Well, since it’s Billy’s house, he gets to go first.”
	Justin moaned, complaining it wasn’t fair.
	“Don’t worry, Justin, you’ll get your turn.  Besides, I’ll suck you again while Billy fucks me.  Unless you don’t want me to,” 
Sarah teased.
	“Oh no, I want you to!  Please suck my cock, Sarah,” Justin pleaded.
	“Okay, Justin, you straddle my chest.  Billy, you know where I want you!”
	“I sure do!” Billy said eagerly.
	Billy got between  Sarah’s legs,  while Justin straddled her chest, pointing his stiff little cock at her mouth.  Sarah ignored Justin 
momentarily as Billy tried to push his cock unsuccessfully into her pussy.
	“Here, Billy,” she told him, “let me guide you in.”
	Taking hold of his cock with her hand, she guided it to her pussy, pushing the head into her soaking wet hole.  Once she had him 
started, Billy thrust forward with his hips, burying his young cock in her cunt.
	“Oh God, that feels good!” he moaned.
	Now that Billy was in place, Sarah returned her attention to Justin.  She wrapped her hands around his ass and playfully squeezed 
his cheeks as she pulled him forward, sliding her lips around his cock.  As she licked and sucked his prick, Billy pumped away in her 
pussy.  His small young prick wasn’t nearly as big as Sarah’s boyfriend’s, but the thought of actually fucking a 12-year-old boy had 
her hotter and wetter than she’d ever been in her life.  She moaned around Justin’s cock, bringing the boy even more pleasure.
	Billy was in seventh heaven.  Nothing had ever felt so good as having Sarah’s steaming pussy wrapped around his cock as he slid 
rapidly in and out of her.  He thrust in and out faster and faster, oblivious to everything but the pleasurable feeling around his cock.  
Soon the pleasure was too much for him, and he felt his orgasm overcome him as he shot several quick spurts of cum into Sarah’s 
pussy.  Justin came almost immediately afterwards, filling Sarah’s mouth with yet another load of cum.  Sarah came as well, moaning 
and writhing under the two boys.  Harder and harder her orgasm hit her; waves of pleasure radiated out from her pussy, filling her 
body with ecstasy.  She couldn’t believe how hard she was cumming!!
	Sarah lay back as the boys slid their softening pricks from her mouth and pussy.  Her breathing was coming in ragged gasps.  
Never had she enjoyed sex so much!  Oh, she liked a big, hard, adult cock as much as the next girl, but the smooth young bodies, and 
the youthful energy and eagerness to please aroused her more than she could ever have imagined.  This definitely wouldn’t be the last 
time she fucked an eager young boy; if she had any say about it, Billy and Justin be the only ones, either.  She went over in her mind 
the other young boys she baby-sat, as well as the early-teen boys in the neighborhood.  She imagined them naked, fucking and 
sucking her.  Such pleasant images!
	They rested for a few minutes, the two boys kissing and caressing Sarah’s body, exploring every inch of her.  Then Sarah took 
her turn, running her hands and mouth over the smooth skin of the two boys.  Her pussy tingled as she massaged their young flesh, 
eager to be fucked yet again.  It didn’t take long for the boys to get hard again, and Sarah lay on her back again.  The boys resumed 
their positions, only in reverse.  Billy straddled Sarah’s chest, while Justin got between her legs.  Once Justin was thrusting away into 
her pussy, Sarah positioned Billy just below her breasts.
	“Let’s try something different, Billy,” Sarah said.
	“Okay,” he replied eagerly.
	Sarah put her hands on either side of her breasts and squeezed them together.
	“Put your dick between my tits, Billy,” Sarah instructed him, “and then fuck them like you did my pussy.”
	Billy did so, pushing his cock down between Sarah’s breasts.  Sarah squeezed them tightly around his cock, and he slowly 
stroked it back and forth.  It took him a few strokes to get a good rhythm going, but soon he was thrusting easily back and forth 
between her breasts, while Justin thrust in and out of her pussy.
	“Damn, Billy, this is great!” Justin said with a smile.
	“Ain’t it, though,” replied Billy.  “It’s too bad Sarah couldn’t baby-sit every night!”
	Justin laughed, then returned his concentration to the wonderful sensation of his cock sliding in and out of Sarah’s pussy.  He 
couldn’t believe anything could feel so good.  He had thought having his cock sucked felt good; this was ten times better!  He felt a 
tightness in his balls, and knew he’d be shooting his white stuff again soon.  He thrust harder and faster with each stroke, slamming 
deeply into Sarah. 
	“Oh, yeah, yeah!” he moaned.  “I’m gonna shoot off soon.”
	Sarah thrust back against Justin.  Even though his cock wasn’t quite as big as Billy’s, he fucked with much more energy, 
slamming her hard with each thrust.  Billy, meanwhile, had a slow, steady rhythm going between her breasts.  Sarah looked down, 
watching the tip of Billy’s cock poke out from between her breasts with each thrust.  Then she heard Justin groan and felt him slam 
hard into her one last time as he shot his load deep into her cunt.  He arched his back, squeezing his eyes tight shut as one, then two, 
then three spurts of cum left his balls.  Then he pulled out, collapsing onto the bed beside Sarah.
	“God, that was great,” he sighed.
	Billy slid his cock between Sarah’s breasts for several more strokes, then started picking up speed.
	“I can feel it,” he said excitedly.  “I’m gonna shoot.”
	“Shoot it in my mouth,” Sarah said.  “Jack your cock off, and cum in my mouth!”
	Billy removed his cock from between her tits, and starting jerking off.  He moved forward, putting his cock right in front of 
Sarah’s mouth.  It took only a few seconds, and Billy was shooting his cum into Sarah’s mouth.  She swallowed it eagerly.  Billy 
collapsed onto the bed on the other side of Sarah.  Sarah lay there for a few minutes between the exhausted boys, then got out of the 
bed.  The two boys slid together.  Sarah watched the two boys lick each other’s cocks clean, both eagerly licking the cum and pussy 
juice from the other’s cock.  While Sarah got dressed, the two boys curled up in each other’s arms and were soon fast asleep.  Sarah 
covered their naked bodies, turned out the light, and left the room, quietly closing the door behind her.  She quickly peeked into 
Becky’s bedroom to make sure the girl was asleep, then went downstairs to watch TV and await the return of the Johnsons.  She 
smiled as she thought about the two sexy young boys sleeping upstairs, and fantasized about all the other sexy young boys she hoped 
to introduce to the pleasures of sex.
	Barbara and Neil returned home about an hour later.  They paid Sarah, and she left.  She lived only a few houses down from them, 
so they weren’t worried about her making it home safely.  Both adults noticed the glow in Sarah’s cheeks, and wondered if she had 
brought her boyfriend over after the kids had gone to bed.  Discussing it as they got ready for bed, they decided that they trusted her 
enough to give her the benefit of the doubt.  But Barbara decided to make sure she reminded Sarah that no boys were allowed the 
next time she baby-sat.







Fun With The Kids
by The MadHatter

Chapter 2 – Taking A Shower With Daddy

	Neil turned on the water, then waited a moment for it to warm up.  Then he stepped into the shower, sighing as it flowed down 
his body. There was nothing like a nice, hot shower after a long day to help him relax.  Especially since he had to go to his in-laws’ 
house that night.  Not that he had anything against his wife’s parents; it’s just that he could think of a lot of things he’d rather do with 
his time.  But they’d already agreed to have dinner with Barbara’s parents, and she’d be extremely upset if he asked to cancel.
	‘Oh well,’ he thought, ‘I guess it won’t kill me.’
	There was a knock on the door, then it was opened by his wife.
	“Honey, can Becky shower with you?  That way we’ll be ready to go a little sooner, since you like to take such long showers!”
	Neil laughed.  Barbara was always teasing him about taking really long showers.
	“Sure, Barb, send her in.”
	Neil’s 8-year-old daughter entered the bathroom, closing the door behind her.
	“Hi, Daddy,” she said with a smile as she started to undress.
	“Hi, honey.  How was your day today?”
	“Pretty good.  How about you, Daddy?”
	Becky opened the shower door and stepped into the shower.  Neil moved slightly to one side so that she could get under the 
water next to him.
	“Not too bad.”
	At that point, they washed off in silence.  Neil looked down at his daughter.  She looked back up at him, smiling brightly.  It 
struck Neil just how pretty his daughter was.  She reminded him so much of her mother.  The same long, dark brown hair, the same 
beautiful brown eyes, the same sexy smile.  Neil shook himself.  He couldn’t believe he’d just put the word ‘sexy’ into a description 
of his daughter.  She was pretty, yes, but she was much too young to ever be thought of as sexy.  But even as he thought this, his eyes 
drifted lower, glancing over the smooth skin of her flat chest.  From the waist up, she could be a little boy, he told himself.  Then his 
eyes went lower, to the smooth, hairless little pussy that proved she was very much a girl.  Then she turned, and he could see her 
tight, smooth, round little ass.  Almost against his will, his prick started to stiffen ever so slightly.  He tried to will it limp, but the 
harder he tried, the stiffer it seemed to get.  Then Becky turned back around.
	“Daddy, what happened to your thing?  It’s gotten bigger, and it’s sticking up.”
	“It’s nothing, honey.  Just ignore it.”
	“Can I touch it, Daddy?”
	Without waiting for a response from her father, Becky placed one of her little hands on his cock.  Neil breathed in sharply, a 
sudden, electric thrill going through his entire body as he felt his young daughter’s hand on his cock.  There was no stopping it now.  
His cock sprang to erectness, standing out stiff and hard from his belly.  Becky quickly released her hand.
	“Daddy, what happened?  It got so big and hard when I touched it!!”
	At first, Neil didn’t know what to say.  Then the words just seemed to come out of his mouth.
	“Becky, honey, a man’s penis – that’s what it’s called – is normally small and limp, like when you first got in the shower.  But 
when he gets excited, it gets stiff and hard like it is now.”
	“So you got excited when I put my hand on it?”
	“That’s right, honey.”
	Becky put her hand back on it.  Neil groaned, gritting his teeth.  God, it felt good!
	“I can’t even get my hand all the way around it!”
	“Why don’t you use both hands, then?”
	“Okay!”
	Neil couldn’t believe what he had just said.  Becky put her other hand around his cock, squeezing it between her two hands.  Neil 
looked down at her, and she looked up at him, a huge smile on her face.
	‘God,’ Neil thought, ‘eight years old or not, she has the sexiest smile.’
	More than anything else, Becky’s smile reminded him of her mother.  Neil had always loved Barbara’s smile.  Neil’s cock 
twitched slightly as Becky held it.
	“Oooh, Daddy, I felt it move.”
	“That’s because it likes your hands on it, Becky,” Neil told her.  He couldn’t believe what he was saying!  His next words 
shocked him even more.  “Becky, if you move your hands up and down on it, it’ll feel even better.”
	Becky immediately started moving her hands up and down on her father’s prick.  Neil knew that what he was doing was terribly 
wrong, but he’d never been so aroused in his life as his was at this moment.  Watching his 8-year-old girl stroke his cock made him 
incredibly horny.  He looked down at her loving smile, his attention on her full lips.  He could picture them wrapped around his dick.  
He knew he’d feel extremely guilty when this was all over, but for now his only thoughts were on his daughter, and the enjoyment she 
was bringing him.  And more importantly, the enjoyment she could bring him.
	“Do you like Daddy’s penis, Becky?”
	“Uh huh.  This is fun, Daddy.”
	Neil swallowed hard, then took a deep breath, building up his nerve.
	“If you really like it, honey, why don’t you give it a kiss?”
	Becky looked up in surprise.
	“You mean, kiss your thing – I mean, your penis?”
	“That’s right, honey.  It’s not going to bite.”
	Becky and her father laughed.  Then Becky leaned down and placed a quick kiss on the tip of Neil’s penis.
	“How was that?”
	“That felt really good, Becky.  Did you like doing it?”
	“Kinda.  Can I do it again?”
	“Sure, honey.  Kiss it all you want.  Kiss all over it.”
	Becky smiled brightly and moved her head down to her father’s dick.  Hesitantly, she kissed his head again, then his shaft.  Then 
she started kissing his dick all over, enjoying herself immensely.  Her hands continued to slide slowly up and down his long shaft.
	“Why don’t you lick it, too, Becky?”
	“Lick it?  You mean like a lollipop?”
	“That’s right, honey, just like a lollipop.”
	Becky stuck her tongue out, touching his cock with just the tip.  Finding that it didn’t taste bad, she ran her tongue along his 
shaft.  Neil groaned, his breathing coming in deep, ragged gasps.  Then Becky surprised him.  Treating his cock just like a lollipop, 
she slipped the head into her mouth and sucked on it.
	“Oh God, Becky, that feels soooo good.  Suck Daddy’s cock, honey.  Suck it into your mouth.  That’s it, baby.  Use your tongue, 
too.  Yeah, that’s it.  Oh, Becky, you’re making Daddy feel so good . . .”
	Neil was amazed.  His 8-year-old girl was a natural cocksucker.  She sucked him as deeply into her mouth as she could, running 
her tongue along the underside as she sucked him.  She could only get about half of his 8 inches into her mouth, so she stroked the 
rest with her hands.  Neil could feel the sperm building up in his balls.  He couldn’t take much more of this.
	“God, that’s great, Becky.  But you’d better stop now.”
	“Why’s that, Daddy?” Becky asked, removing her mouth from his cock.
	“Well, honey, when a man feels really, really good, like you’re making me feel right now, he shoots some white stuff out of his 
cock; it’s called cum.”
	“Your cock?  Is that another word for penis?”
	“That’s right, honey,” Neil said with a smile.  “Just keep stroking me, honey; that way you can see my cum.  I didn’t want to squirt 
it in your mouth and surprise you.”
	“Okay, Daddy,” Becky said, stroking his cock.  Then she surprised her father again.  “What does cum taste like, Daddy?”
	Neil was shocked at the question.  However, he also found it very arousing.  
	“I don’t know, honey, but your mother likes it.”
	“Mommy sucks your cock??”
	“Yes, Becky.  This is something Mommy and Daddy do to show that they love each other.”
	“Can I taste your cum, Daddy?”
	Neil groaned.  God, his little girl turned him on.
	“I’ll tell you what, honey.  When I’m ready to shoot my cum, I’ll tell you, and you can open your mouth and taste it.”
	“Okay!”
	Becky stroked Neil’s cock even faster.  He was close; he was very close.
	“Oh God, Becky, here it comes!!  Daddy’s cumming, Becky.  Oh, OH!!”
	Becky’s eyes widened as the first spurt of cum shot out of her father’s cock, landing on her cheek.  She quickly opened her 
mouth and moved closer to the tip of his penis, sticking out her tongue.  The second and third spurts landed right on her tongue.  
Becky held her mouth open, waiting until her father’s cock shot the last of it’s load, then she closed her mouth, swallowing  his cum.  
Her hands kept stroking his cock as it jerked and twitched.  Then she slid it into her mouth, sucking the last few drops of cum from 
his dick.  She held it in her mouth as it slowly grew limp, then let is slide out.
	“That was fun, Daddy!!  I kinda like how your cum tasted, too!”
	“I’m glad you liked it, honey.  You made Daddy feel really good.  Do you want me to make you feel good, too?”
	“Uh huh!”
	Neil smiled.  He looked down at his daughter, at her smooth, sexy pussy.
	“Okay, Becky, I want you to lean back against the wall, and spread your legs.”
	Becky did as she was told.  Neil crouched down on his knees in front of her.  He ran his hands along her smooth chest and 
stomach, then slid them around to her ass.  He squeezed her small, firm ass cheeks in his hands, then bent down and kissed his 
daughter’s hairless pussy mound.  Becky giggled.
	“That tickles, Daddy!!”
	“Do you like it, honey?”
	“Yeah!  Keep doing it, Daddy.”
	Neil returned his attention to her pussy.  He lightly kissed all over her pussy, then slid his tongue out and ran it along her slit.  
Becky’s giggles quickly turned to moans and sighs as Neil pushed his tongue into her slit, sucking lightly on her little clit at the same 
time.  He held her ass tightly, to keep her from wiggling too much.  Then he put one of her legs on his shoulder, spreading her pussy 
lips apart with his fingers.  He pushed his tongue deep into her young, virgin twat, lightly rubbing her clit with his finger.
	“Oh, Daddy, that feels really good!”
	Then Neil pushed a single finger up into her pussy, eliciting a long, low moan from his daughter.  He worked his finger slowly in 
and out, stretching out her tight pussy.  He was careful not to push too hard; he didn’t want to take a chance at hurting her.  He was 
just about to put in a second finger, when there was a knock at the door.
	“Would you two hurry up?” his wife Barbara said through the door.
	Neil immediately pulled his finger out of Becky’s pussy, trying to put her leg down and stand up as fast as possible.  Thank God 
his wife didn’t decide to open the door and look in on them!!
	“I guess we’ll have to continue this some other time, Becky.  We’d better get out and get ready to see Grandpa and Grandma.”
	“Okay, Daddy.  That was fun!  Can we do it again?”
	“We’ll see, honey.  But I want to promise me you won’t tell anybody.  A lot of people think what we just did should only be done 
between adults, and Daddy could get into a lot of trouble if anyone found out.  So nobody can know, okay, Becky?”
	“Not even Mommy?”
	“Not even Mommy.  It’ll be our little secret, okay, honey?”
	Becky smiled.
	“Okay, Daddy.  Our little secret!!”
	With that the father and daughter got out of the shower, dried off, and went to their respective bedrooms to get ready to go out.  
Barbara gave Neil a dirty look when he entered their bedroom.
	“I’m glad I had Becky join you, or we’d never get out of here!”
	“I’m glad you did, too, babe,” Neil said with a smile.
	Of course, he had an entirely different reason for saying so.  As wrong as he knew it to be, he very much wanted to spend more 
intimate moments with his young daughter.  The thought brought a smile to his face as he got dressed.







Fun With The Kids
by The MadHatter

Chapter 3 – Caught By Mom

	The next afternoon, Barbara was putting some towels away in the linen closet, when she heard moaning coming from her son’s 
room.  Somewhat worried, she quickly walked to his half-open door and looked in on him.  Her eyes widened in shock as she saw her 
12-year-old son lying on his bed, stark naked, rapidly stroking his stiff cock.  Barbara burst into the room.
	“Billy, what the hell do you think you’re doing?!?”
	“Mom!”
	Barbara walked over to the bed, standing over her son.
	“Well?  Explain this to me!”
	Billy looked up at his mom, still casually stroking his cock.  He admired the swell of her breasts, which jutted out above him.  
He had intentionally left his door open, hoping she’d catch him.  Ever since his night with Sarah, he couldn’t stop thinking about sex.  
And more and more, his thoughts had turned to his sexy mom.  He could still remember the day he had walked in on her getting out 
of the shower – this image went through his mind as he looked up at his mom.
	“I was horny, Mom,” he said, “so I’m jerking off.  What’s the big deal?”
	“What’s the big deal?!?”  Barbara was in shock.  “You’re only 12 years old!!”
	“So?  It feels good to touch my dick, so I do.”  Billy paused.  Here was the moment of truth.  He didn’t know how his mom would 
react, but Billy figured it was worth the risk to find out.  “If you don’t want me stroking it, I guess you could stroke it for me.”
	“Billy!!!”
	His mother stood there, shocked and outraged, unable to speak.  Before she could compose herself, Billy sat up, taking his hand 
from his cock, and grabbed his mother’s wrist.  He pulled her hand to his crotch, quickly wrapping her fingers around his stiff shaft.  
Barbara couldn’t believe it.  Could this be her little boy’s dick she held in her hand?  Then Billy took her hand and started stroking it 
up and down.  After a few times, he took his hand away.  Barbara’s hand continued to move up and down her son’s shaft on its own.
	“Damn that feels good, Mom!”
	Barbara couldn’t believe what she was doing.  Here she was, stroking her 12-year-old son’s cock.  What had come over her?  
And yet she couldn’t stop.  Unbelievably, she enjoyed the feel of his young cock in her hand.
	“Oh, yeah, that’s real nice, Mom,” Billy said, his breathing becoming heavier.  “But I think it’d feel even better if you sucked it.”
	Barbara suddenly stopped stroking Billy’s cock, but her hand was still tightly wrapped around it.
	“Billy!  Where’d you learn about things like that?”
	“From Sarah.”
	“Sarah?!  Sarah sucked your dick?”
	“Yeah, Mom, the last time she came over and baby-sat.  Me and Justin did lots of fun stuff with her.”
	‘That little bitch!’ thought Barbara.
	“I’ve been jerking off pretty much every day since then.”
	“I suppose you think about Sarah while you’re doing it, don’t you?”
	Barbara’s hand once more started stroking up and down Billy’s prick.  Her thoughts were slowly turning from anger to intrigue 
as she imagined her young son fucking his teenage baby-sitter.  As the idea went through her mind, it quickly went from intriguing to 
arousing, and Barbara’s hand moved faster up and down her son’s cock.
	“Sometimes.  But mostly I . . . I fantasize about you, Mom.”
	“Me?”
	“Yeah, ever since I  saw you naked that one time, I’ve wanted to see more.  I think you’re really sexy, Mom.”
	“Even sexier than Sarah?” Barbara asked with a laugh.
	“Oh yeah, a lot sexier.  I’d love it if you sucked me, Mom.”
	Barbara looked down at her son, her pussy getting moist as she thought about that fact that her son pictured her when he 
masturbated.  She felt nasty and perverted at what she was thinking of doing, but she couldn’t stop herself.  Without saying another 
word, Barbara got on her knees next to her son’s bed.  Leaning down, she slipped his cock into her mouth.  Her hair spread out 
around her, tickling Billy where it touched his stomach and legs.  Billy moaned loudly as his mom ran her tongue along his shaft as 
she sucked him.  Her hands fondled his balls as her mouth moved up and down on his shaft.  She would suck just his head, pushing her 
tongue into his piss hole, then she’d slide his whole cock into her mouth.
	‘God, I can’t believe I’m doing this,’ Barbara thought.
	But she couldn’t deny how turned on she was.  Neil’s cock was large enough that she’d always had trouble taking all of him into 
her mouth, but she could easily take all of Billy’s young dick, and she loved rubbing her nose against his stomach as she took all of 
him into her mouth.  The smoothness of his balls and pubic area excited her.  She ran her hands along the rest of his body, enjoying 
the tight smoothness of his skin.  She caressed his stomach, his chest, his legs.  Then she slid her hands underneath him, cupping his 
tight butt cheeks, squeezing them.
	“Oh Mom, I’m gonna shoot real soon.  Oh, yeah, that feels so good.”
	Barbara removed his cock from her mouth.
	“Come on, baby.  Cum in Mommy’s mouth.  Let me taste your cum, Billy.”
	Barbara ran her tongue along Billy’s shaft, then sucked his balls into her mouth, playfully running her tongue along them as she 
sucked them lightly.  This brought a deep groan from Billy’s throat.  A wicked smile came to Barbara’s face.  She felt so nasty, 
sucking her pre-teen son’s cock like this, begging him to cum in her mouth.  She returned his dick to her mouth, eager to taste his 
cum.  She sucked hard on his cock, working him with her lips and tongue.
	“Oh . . . oh yeah.  I’m cumming, Mom!  OH YEAH, OH YEAH!!!  SUCK ME MOM, OH OH OH OH!!!!”
	Barbara slid her mouth back until just Billy’s head was in her mouth.  She could feel her pussy tingling as Billy’s cum burst from 
his prick, filling Barbara’s mouth.  She held it all in her mouth until he was done spurting.  Then she let his cock slip out from 
between her lips, swirling his cum around in her mouth.  Then a perverted thought entered her head.  It was something she’d always 
wanted to do, but Neil would never agree to do it.  Maybe she could get Billy to do it, though – especially if she didn’t tell him 
beforehand!!  Smiling wide, but keeping her mouth tightly shut, Barbara moved up the head of the bed, moving her face close to her 
son.  Their lips met in a kiss.  Barbara waited until she felt her son’s lips part slightly, then opened her own mouth, forcing her 
tongue – and her son’s cum – into his mouth.
	Billy was in heaven.  His mother and just given him the greatest blowjob of his life!  He watched as she moved her face towards 
his, her lips puckered.  He smiled and kissed her.  Then he felt her mouth open against his, and suddenly a thick, tangy liquid was 
sliding out of her mouth and into his.  It was his cum!  At first he was shocked, but as he tasted the strange liquid in his mouth, he 
decided it wasn’t that bad.  He pushed his tongue back at his mom, twisting it around hers.  Their tongues twirled back and forth in 
each other’s mouths, Billy’s cum swishing around in both their mouths.  Then Barbara broke the kiss, and they both swallowed the 
cum in their mouths.
	Barbara smiled down at her son.
	“So, what did you think?”
	“That was great, Mom!!” Billy replied enthusiastically.  “It was even better than Sarah!”
	“What did you think of the kiss afterwards?” Barbara asked hesitantly.
	“That was neat.  It shocked me at first, but once I tasted it, I liked it.  Do you and Dad do that?”
	“No, we never have,” Barbara said with a laugh.  “Even though I’ve always wanted to.  I tried to get him to try it once, but he 
refused.  I love the taste of cum, and the thought of sharing it with the man I got it from has always turned me on.  But your father 
wouldn’t try it.  That’s why I didn’t tell you, I just did it.  I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
	“I sure did.  And now I can say I’ve done something with you that even Dad hasn’t done!”
	“That’s right, Billy.  It’ll be our special little sex act.”
	“Mom, do you think . . . could I see you naked?”
	“Sure, honey.”
	Barbara hated the idea of cheating on her husband, but she was hot for her son, really hot.  And she had an idea wandering around 
in her mind, a present for her husband.  She hadn’t worked out all the details, but she’d worry about that when she was done with her 
son.  Standing up, she slowly unbuttoned her blouse.  Billy’s eyes were glued on her as she let it slip from her shoulders to the floor.  
She unbuttoned her jeans, then stopped, smiling down at her son.
	“Why don’t you do the rest, Billy?”
	“Sure!”
	Billy jumped up from the bed, dropping to his knees in front of his mom.  Tentatively, he reached up and grabbed the waist of her 
jeans, slowly pulling them over her hips and down her legs.  Barbara stepped out of them, and Billy tossed them aside.  He slid his 
hands up her legs, caressing her skin.  His hands squeezed the tight globes of her ass cheeks.  He couldn’t believe he was about to 
have sex with his own mother!!  He was about to pull down her panties, when she stopped him.
	“Why don’t you play with Mommy’s tits a little, first?” she suggested.
	Barbara sat down on the edge of Billy’s bed, reaching around behind her back and unsnapping her bra.  She slipped it slowly off 
her firm breasts and let it fall to the floor.  Billy got between her legs, and started kissing her flat stomach, working her way up to his 
mother’s breasts.  They were much bigger than Sarah’s.  His hands squeezed and kneaded her breasts, while his mouth locked around 
her right nipple, sucking on it like he was a baby nursing.  He then moved to the other nipple.  Barbara moaned, running her hands 
down her son’s smooth back as he suckled her tits.
	“That’s right, baby, suck Mommy’s tits,” she moaned.  “Oh, that feels so good.  But now I want you to suck my pussy.  Suck 
Mommy’s pussy, baby.”
	Billy’s mouth left his mother’s breast.  Barbara lifted herself off the bed so that Billy could pull off her panties.  He stared at his 
mother’s pussy.  He had lost count of the times he’d fantasized about this while jacking-off, and here it was in front of him.  Her dark 
bush was neatly trimmed, her pink lips already wet with her juices.  Billy slowly spread her lips apart with his fingers, running his 
fingers over her lips.  Barbara gasped and jerked when he rubbed a thumb along her clit.  Billy pushed one finger deep into her pussy, 
working it around, bringing a deep moan from his mother.  Then he pulled his finger out and slid it into his mouth, tasting his 
mother’s pussy juice for the first time.
	“God, you taste good, Mom,” Billy said with a smile.
	“Taste all you want, honey.”
	Billy bent his head down to his mother’s pussy.  He stuck his tongue out as far as he could, and slowly poked it into his mother’s 
cunt.  He ran his tongue up and down her pussy, from bottom to top, then pushed it in deeply.  He held his tongue as stiffly as he 
could, fucking it in and out of his mother’s cunt.  Then he put his lips to her pussy, kissing her nether lips.  He worked his tongue in 
and out some more, then focused on her clit, sucking it and teasing it with his tongue.  He pushed two fingers into her pussy, finger-
fucking her while sucking her clit.  Barbara bucked and writhed on the bed, moaning and gasping.  She ran her hands through her son’s 
hair, pushing his face harder into her crotch.  Her breathing was coming faster and faster, and she could feel her stomach muscles 
clench as she neared orgasm.
	“Oh, God yes, Billy, yes!  Suck my cunt, suck Mommy’s pussy!!  I’m gonna cum, baby . . . I’m . . . oh yes . . . OH YES!! 
MOMMY’S CUMMING, BABY!!!   YES, YES, YES, YES!!!!   MOMMY’S CCCUUUUMMMMMMMIIIIIINNNNNNNGGGG!!!”
	From there Barbara’s words trailed off into incoherent moaning and screaming as her climax slammed into her body.  Pussy 
juice flowed into Billy’s mouth, covering his face.  He lapped it up as fast as he could, sucking madly on his mother’s twat.  
Barbara’s body thrashed around on the bed for a few more moments, then she let out a deep breath and relaxed, the last vestiges of 
her orgasm flowing through her body.
	“How was that, Mom?” Billy asked, looking up from Barbara’s pussy.
	“That was absolutely wonderful, honey.  Now why don’t you come up here and give your mother a kiss?”
	Billy stood up, then leaned down over his mother.  He kissed her passionately on the lips, forcing his tongue into her mouth.  
Barbara slid her tongue around her son’s, pushing back until her tongue went into his mouth.  Then she broke the kiss, kissing and 
licking his lips and cheeks, tasting her own juices on her son’s face.  She loved the taste of her own pussy.  It was times like this that 
she wished she was flexible enough to go down on herself, so that she could get her juices directly from the source.  But since she 
wasn’t that flexible, she’d just content herself with licking them from the face of her lover, whether that lover be her husband, or her 
12-year-old son.  Barbara and Billy kissed again, then broke off, both of them breathing heavily.
	“So what’s next, Mom?” Billy asked with a smile.
	Barbara reached down between their bodies and grabbed hold of Billy’s stiff prick.
	“I think that should be pretty obvious,” she said, slowly stroking her son’s cock.
	Barbara spread her legs slightly wider, lying back on the bed while guiding her son’s cock into her wet pussy.  Billy stood back 
up as his prick slid easily into the moist folds of his mother’s twat.  He slid his cock all the way into his mother’s pussy, enjoying the 
wet heat of it around his cock.  He looked down at her lying on the bed, her legs hanging off the side.  At that moment, he considered 
her to be the most beautiful woman in the world.  He started rocking his hips, sliding his cock in and out her his mother’s pussy with 
slow, easy strokes.  He smiled brightly as he fucked his mother.  He couldn’t believe it, he simply could not believe it!  After all the 
months of fantasizing about it, he was finally sinking his cock into his mother’s hot cunt.  It felt even better than he had imagined it 
would.  He reached out and grabbed his hold of his mother’s breasts, fondling them as he fucked her.
	Barbara slid her hands down her son’s sides to his waist, then slid them around the small, tight cheeks of his ass, squeezing them 
tightly and forcing her son’s cock even deeper into her pussy.  She then wrapped her legs around his waist, holding him tightly 
against her.  Billy shoved his cock in as deep as he could, fucking his mother’s pussy harder and faster with each thrust.  He could 
feel the pressure building in his balls, and knew that he wouldn’t be able to last much longer.
	“Oh God, Mom, I’m gonna cum!” he moaned.
	“Shoot it all over Momma’s stomach, Billy!” Barbara replied.
	Billy thrust a few more times, then pulled his cock out, wrapping his hand around the shaft and pumping rapidly.  It only took a 
few quick strokes and he climaxed, spurting a stream of cum onto his mother’s stomach.  A second, less powerful spurt landed on his 
mother’s pubic hair.  The third spurt simply dribbled down his shaft.  Barbara ran her hands through her son’s cum, rubbing it into her 
skin.  Then she brought her fingers to her mouth and licked them clean.
	“That was great, honey,” she told her son.  “I think we’ve got time for one more before your father and sister get home, if you 
think you’re up to it.”
	Billy looked down at his dick, which he was still slowly stroking, and smiled.  His prick was still half-way hard, and he knew it 
would take no time at all to get it all the way hard again.
	“I sure am,” he said, smiling.  “How do you want to do it this time?”
	“How about I get on top this time?”
	“Sounds good to me!!”
	Billy lay down in the middle of his bed.  Barbara sat next to him, slowly, lovingly stroking his cock until it was again stiff and 
ready.  Then she moved into position, her knees on each side of Billy’s waist, squatting over top of him.  Taking his prick in her hand, 
she lowered herself down onto him.  Billy moaned as she ran his head along her pussy lips, before sinking down all the way onto it.  
Then she leaned forward, thrusting her breasts towards Billy’s mouth as she rocked up and down on his cock.  Billy eagerly brought 
his mouth to his mother’s nipples, going back and forth from one to the other, licking and sucking them.  Barbara moved her ass 
rapidly up and down on Billy’s prick.  She could feel her pulse racing as she came closer and closer to orgasm.
	“Oh, baby, your cock feels so good in Mommy’s pussy,” Barbara moaned.
	Billy didn’t reply; his mouth was too busy on his mother’s tits.  He thrust his hips up at his mother, slamming his cock into her 
as she dropped her ass down against him.  He could feel himself getting closer to climax, and rammed his mother harder and faster 
the closer he got.  He squeezed his mother’s tits, running his tongue over her nipples.  Then Barbara sat up straight, placing her hands 
on Billy’s chest.  Squatting over him, she bounced up and down on his cock.
	“I’m gonna cum, Mom.  I’m gonna . . . gonna . . . OH SHIT, OH YEAH, I’M CUMMMINNNGGG!!!!”
	Billy clenched his butt cheeks as he slammed his cock deep into his mother’s cunt, feeling spurt after spurt of cum shoot into 
her twat.  Barbara moaned, slamming herself hard against her son.  A few more thrusts, and she came as well, shouting and gyrating 
over top of her son’s body.  Barbara collapsed against her son, breathing heavily as she snuggled against his chest.  She kissed her 
son lightly on the cheek.  Billy slid his arms around his mom, holding her tight as he felt his prick get limp and soft, sliding out of 
his mother’s pussy.
	“That was wonderful, Billy,” Barbara whispered in her son’s ear.
	“It sure was!” Billy replied enthusiastically.  “When can we do it again?”
	Barbara laughed at her son’s eagerness.
	“We’ll see, honey.  But now we’d better get cleaned up and get dressed before your sister or your dad gets home.”
	And so mother and son cleaned themselves up and put their clothes back on.  By the time Becky returned home from her 
friend’s house, and Neil returned home from work, it was as if nothing had ever happened.






Fun With The Kids
by The MadHatter

Chapter 4 – Rewarding the Baby-Sitter

	That night, Barbara and Neil had some of the most passionate sex they’d had in years.
	“Wow,” gasped Neil, lying next to his wife.  “I can’t remember the last time was you were that hot.  What’s gotten into you 
tonight, honey?”
	“I’d say the same about you, dear,” Barbara replied, slowly stroking Neil’s limp cock.  After three orgasms, he wasn’t likely to 
get it up for awhile, but she enjoyed playing with it just the same.  “You were an animal tonight.”
	Neil didn’t reply.  He couldn’t admit to his wife that his renewed passion for her was mainly due to his lust for his young 
daughter, Becky.  No matter how he tried, he couldn’t get the images of her naked little body out of his mind, or the feel of her tiny 
hands and sexy mouth on his cock.  But he could never tell this to his wife.  She’d never understand.  Hell, she’d probably divorce 
him on the spot if she ever found out, and have him sent to prison to boot.
	Barbara was having a similar dilemma.  Her passion was due mostly to the sex she’d had with her son that day.  She couldn’t bear 
the thought of cheating on Neil, but at the same time, she couldn’t come right out and tell him.  She’d come up with an idea, but she 
was still working up the nerve to bring it into action.  If it worked, then she’d tell Neil about her and Billy.  Taking a deep breath, she 
turned to her husband.
	“You wouldn’t believe what happened today, honey,” she said.
	“What’s that?”
	“I walked past Billy’s room, and he was jerking off.”
	“You’re kidding!”
	“I’m afraid not,” Barbara said.  “Not only that, but when I confronted him about it, he said he learned from Sarah.  That and a lot 
more, if you know what I mean.”
	“Sarah!” Neil replied, shocked.  “I don’t believe it.  Looks like we’ll have to find another baby-sitter.”
	“I don’t know about that.”
	Neil stared wide-eyed at his wife.
	“What do you mean?”
	“I’ve noticed the way she looks at you when she comes over to baby-sit.  She’s seriously got the hots for you, you know.”
	“What does this have to do with her teaching Billy about sex?” Neil asked, confused.
	“Well, I figure we should ‘thank her’ for taking Billy’s cherry.  I mean, he was going to learn about sex eventually, and you can’t 
ask for a much sexier teacher.  Besides, you can’t tell me you haven’t thought about fucking her.”
	“You can’t be serious,” Neil said.  “Are you actually saying you want me to have sex with Sarah?”
	“No, I’m saying I want US to have sex with Sarah,” Barbara said with a wicked grin.  “I wouldn’t mind getting a taste of that little 
vixen’s sweet young snatch.  And if she’s horny enough to go after a 12-year-old boy, we should have no problems getting her to go 
for the idea.”
	“Barbara, honey, you are such a slut!” Neil said, laughing.  “I guess that’s why I love you so much.”
	“So is that a yes?”
	Neil kissed Barbara on the lips, pushing his tongue into her mouth.  They Frenched for a few moments, then broke apart.
	“Yes, that’s a yes.  How do you want to do it?”
	“We’ll just tell her we need her to baby-sit.  We just won’t tell her she’ll be baby-sitting us!!”
	Neil laughed.
	“So you’re just going to come right out and tell her we want to fuck her.”
	“Something like that.  You just leave that part to me.  We can send the kids to my parents’ house for the night; tell them we need 
some time alone.”
	“Sounds good.  Now the only question I have is when.”
	“How’s this Friday sound?”
	“Sounds great!!”

	That Friday night, Sarah came over to the Johnson’s house looking forward to a night of fun with Billy.  What she got was 
something completely different.  When she arrived, Barbara answered the door.
	“Hello, Sarah,” she said with a smile.  “Come on in.”
	Barbara led Sarah into the living room, where Neil was sitting in the recliner.  He smiled at her when she walked in.
	“Hello, Sarah,” he said.  “It’s good to see you again.”
	“You too, Mr. Johnson,” Sarah said, somewhat shyly.
	“No need to be so formal.  Call me Neil.”
	“Okay . . . Neil.”
	“Why don’t you sit down on the couch, Sarah,” Barbara said.
	Sarah sat down on the couch.  Something didn’t seem quite right about this situation.
	“So, where are Billy and Becky?” she asked.
	“Oh, they’re spending the night at their grandparents’ house,” Barbara told her, sitting down on the couch next to her.
	“So, why did you call me over?  I thought you wanted me to baby-sit.”
	“Oh, we do, Sarah,” Neil said.
	Sarah looked at him.  What the hell was going on here?
	“But first,” Barbara said, “we want to talk about you fucking Billy and Justin the last time you were here.”
	Sarah’s eyes widened.
	‘Oh my God!’ she thought.  ‘They know about last time.’
	Sarah started to shake.  She could picture herself in prison for having sex with a minor.  Tears started to form at the corners of 
her eyes as she looked up at Barbara.  Barbara simply smiled, then reached out and put her arm around Sarah’s shoulder.
	“Don’t start thinking the worst, Sarah,” Barbara said.  “We’re not mad at you.”
	“Y-y-you’re not?”
	“Not at all,” said Neil, getting out of his chair and sitting on the other side of Sarah.  “As a matter of fact, we’d like to thank you 
for introducing our son to sex.”
	“Thank me?”
	“Sure.  It’s not every boy that gets to lose his virginity to a girl as hot and sexy as you.” While saying this, Neil reached around 
and cupped Sarah’s breast with his hand, massaging it through her shirt. “So we figured that we’d invite you over and thank you.”
	“You mean it?”
	“Of course we do,” answered Barbara, massaging her other breast.  “I’ve seen the way you look at Neil.  I’ll bet he can satisfy you 
a lot more than a 12-year-old boy could.”
	Sarah moaned as the older couple fondled her breasts through her shirt.
	“Let’s get you naked,” Barbara said, removing her hand from Sarah’s breast and pulling up on her shirt.
	Sarah lifted her arms so that Barbara could pull her shirt off.  Neil, meanwhile, had slid his hands down her sides to her waist, 
and was busy unbuttoning her jeans.  Barbara tossed her shirt aside, then dropped to her knees on the floor, quickly removing Sarah’s 
shoes and socks.  Sarah then stood up so that Neil could pull down her jeans.  Once she was down to just her panties and bra, the 
couple started kissing and caressing all over her body.  Sarah moaned as Neil ran his tongue along neck, while Barbara kissed her way 
up Sarah’s leg to her crotch.
	“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Sarah moaned.
	“You haven’t done anything, yet,” Barbara said, standing up.
	“Let’s go to the bedroom,” Neil said.
	Neil took Sarah by the hand, leading her to the bedroom.  Once they were there, Sarah sat on the bed, while Neil and Barbara 
slowly undressed each other for her.  Sarah’s eyes were riveted on Neil’s body as Barbara slowly removed his clothes.  She licked 
her lips as Barbara pulled down his underwear, revealing his stiff, 8-inch prick.  She’d had a boyfriend who’s dick had been bigger, 
but as far as Sarah was concerned, Neil had the most beautiful prick she’d ever seen.  That combined with his flat stomach, firm 
chest, and strong arms and legs, made this moment a dream come true for Sarah.  Unable to control her desire, Sarah dropped to her 
knees in front of Neil, running one hand along his cock, while the other fondled his balls.
	“Mmmm, that’s nice, Sarah,” Neil said, looking down at her.  “Why don’t you suck on it?”
	In reply, Sarah ran her tongue up Neil’s shaft, then slid her lips around his head, slowly taking more and more of his cock into 
her mouth.  Neil groaned as her lips touched the base of his shaft, her nose nestled in his pubic hair.
	“Oh God, Barb, she sure does that nice,” Neil gasped.
	Sarah slowly let Neil’s cock slide out of her mouth until just the head was nestled between her lips.  She swirled her tongue 
around his head, pushing the tip into his piss slit, before once more deep throating him.
	“She sure seems to be enjoying herself,” Barbara said with a laugh.
	Barbara lay back on the bed, slowly running her fingers over her pussy as she watched the baby-sitter give her husband a blowjob.  
Her fingertip circled her clit, sending pleasurable sensations throughout her body.
	“That feels really good,” Neil said with a moan, “but why don’t we get on the bed where we’ll be more comfortable.”
	Sarah reluctantly removed her lips from Neil’s stiff prick, leaving it glistening with saliva.  She climbed onto the bed, lying next 
to Barbara.  Barbara removed Sarah’s bra, while Neil pulled her panties down her legs, tossing them onto the floor.
	“Look at that sweet little pussy, honey,” Neil said.
	Barbara smiled, letting her eyes take in all of the sexy body lying next to her.
	“It sure looks tasty.  This is going to be fun!”
	Barbara put her hand on Sarah’s thigh, sliding it up her leg until she reached her pussy.  She ran her finger’s along Sarah’s pussy 
lips, eliciting a low moan from the teenage girl.  Then Barbara pushed two fingers into Sarah’s cunt.  While she was doing this, Neil 
lay down on the other side of Sarah, turning his attentions to the girl’s breasts.  Neil fondled them, squeezing them in his hands, 
feeling her stiff nipples against his palms.
	“Kiss me, Neil,” Sarah moaned.
	Neil pushed his lips against Sarah’s, forcing his tongue into her mouth.  His hands continued to squeeze her breasts as their 
passionate kiss continued.  When they finally broke apart, both were breathing heavily.
	“You’re a damn good kisser, Sarah,” Neil said.
	“So are you!  God, I’ve wanted to do that for so long,” Sarah replied.
	“What else have you wanted to do?” Neil asked, a wicked grin on his face.
	“I want you to eat my pussy,” Sarah said eagerly.  Then, looking down at Barbara, she added, “I want you BOTH to eat me!!”
	Barbara smiled, then buried her face in Sarah’s crotch, pushing her tongue deep into Sarah’s twat.  Neil kissed his way down 
Sarah’s body until he was next to his wife between Sarah’s legs.  Barbara moved aside, letting Neil take her place.  Neil ran his 
tongue along her pussy lips, then sucked on her clit.  Sarah was in heaven; moaning and thrashing under Neil’s skillful lips and 
tongue.  While he continued to suck her, Barbara pushed two fingers into her cunt, moving them rapidly in and out.  Sarah shrieked 
and thrashed wildly as she came, flooding Neil’s face with her pussy juice.  Neil lapped it up, then turned and kissed Barbara, letting 
her taste the juice as well.  Barbara licked all over Neil’s face, then pushed her tongue back into Sarah’s cunt, licking out the rest of 
her sex juices. Sarah lay on the bed, her breasts heaving as she gasped for breath.
	“God, that was so good!” she said, once she’d caught her breath.
	“So, what would you like to do next?” Neil asked, kissing Sarah’s thigh lightly, then running his tongue over her smooth skin.
	“I want you to fuck me, Neil.  Fuck me hard!!”
	“And what about me?” Barbara asked, kissing Sarah’s stomach.
	“How about you sit on my face,” Sarah said with a laugh.  “I’d love to eat that sexy pussy of yours.”
	“Sounds great!” Barbara said.
	Barbara immediately climbed on top of Sarah, putting her knees on each side of Sarah’s head and pushing her cunt into Sarah’s 
face.  Not wasting any time, Sarah pushed her tongue deep into Barbara’s pussy.  She’d done this a few times with some of her 
girlfriends, but none of them had seemed to get into it the way Sarah did, so she didn’t get the opportunity to eat pussy nearly as 
often as she would have liked.  Barbara grabbed hold of the headboard, using it to support herself as she squatted over Sarah’s face.  
She moaned as Sarah tongue fucked her, forcing her tongue deep into Barbara’s twat.
	Neil sat back, slowly stroking his cock as he watched the horny teenage baby-sitter eating out his wife.  Then he moved between 
her legs, guiding his cock to her hot, wet cunt.  Sarah moaned into Barbara’s cunt as Neil rubbed the head of his cock between her 
pussy lips.  Then he slowly, very slowly, pushed his cock into her.  Little by little it filled her up, until he was buried to the hilt in her 
pussy, his balls resting against her ass.  Sarah sucked hard on Barbara’s cunt, pushing her tongue in deeply.  Barbara groaned, forcing 
herself down harder onto Sarah’s face.
	Neil simply sat there, enjoying the feel of this cock buried in Sarah’s tight pussy.  He couldn’t believe he was doing this!  Oh, 
he’d fucked a lot of women when he was single, but since he’d married Barbara, he’d never had sex with another woman.  Well, 
except for his incident with Becky in the shower the other day; but he was trying not to think about that.  Instead, he thought about 
how much he was enjoying this, and how much he loved his wife for suggesting it.  He smiled as he watched her squirming over 
Sarah’s face.  Sarah was obviously doing a good job eating Barbara’s pussy.
	‘Well, I better get back to business,’ Neil thought.
	Neil slid his cock back out just as slowly as he’d pushed it in, until only the head rested between Sarah’s pussy lips.  Then he 
pushed it back in.  He kept his pace slow and relaxed at first, then started to pick up speed, thrusting harder and faster with each 
stroke.  He grabbed hold of Sarah’s hips, and started slamming into her as hard as he could, thrusting faster and faster until he was 
pounding away at her cunt.  Sarah thrust her hips back at him, keeping rhythm with him.  Neil could feel himself coming closer and 
closer to orgasm.  He couldn’t take much more of this sweet pussy wrapped around his cock.
	“Oh God, Sarah, I’m gonna cum!”
	Sarah broke her mouth away from Barbara’s cunt.
	“I want it in my mouth!” she said excitedly.
	“Ooo, me too!” Barbara said, quickly getting off of Sarah’s face.
	Neil thrust a few more times into Sarah’s cunt, then pulled out.  He lay down on his back as Sarah and Barbara sat on each side of 
him.  They wrapped their hands around his prick, stroking up and down.  Sarah bent down and ran her tongue along his shaft, while 
Barbara sucked on his head.  Then they switched places, both pleasuring his cock with their hands and mouths.
	“Oh, oh yeah, that feels so good!  Here it comes, girls, HERE IT COMES!!!”
	Sarah wrapped her lips around Neil’s head, just as the first spurt of cum shot out.  Neil grunted and groaned, thrusting his hips up 
into the air.  Sarah sucked it down as fast as she could.
	“Don’t swallow it all, Sarah,” Barbara said.  “I want you to share some of it with me.”
	Sarah didn’t seem to pay any attention, but when Neil finally stopping shooting his jism and collapsed onto the bed, Sarah slid 
her mouth slowly off of his cock, careful to keep her lips tightly closed.  She smiled wickedly as she looked into Barbara’s eyes.
	“Oooh, you got a present for me?” Barbara asked.
	Sarah simply nodded.  She leaned forward, and the two women met in a passionate kiss.  Sarah opened her lips, flooding 
Barbara’s mouth with Neil’s sperm.  The two women let Neil’s sperm flow back and forth between their mouths as they French 
kissed, their tongues twirling around in each other’s mouths.  Then they each swallowed what was in their mouths before breaking 
their kiss.
	“That was fantastic!” Sarah said.  “I’ve never done anything so nasty before!”
	“Oh, we’re just getting started, honey,” Barbara said.  “Give Neil a few minutes to recover, and we’ll be ready for round two.”
	“Yeah, Sarah, what do you want to do next?” Neil asked.
	Sarah looked over at him.  She couldn’t keep the huge grin off her face.
	“This is so great!  I can’t tell you how long I’ve wanted to do this.  Um . . . I know; I want to see you two fuck now.”
	“Sounds good to me,” Neil said.
	“Me, too,” said Barbara, “but first, you need to finish what you started while we wait for Neil.”
	So saying, Barbara lay down next to her husband, spreading her legs wide.
	“My pleasure!” Sarah said as she practically dove between Barbara’s legs.
	Sarah ran her tongue up and down Barbara’s pussy lips, then pushed her tongue in deeply.  She tongue fucked Barbara for a while, 
then replaced her tongue with first one, then two fingers.  Her lips wrapped around Barbara’s sensitive clit as she finger fucked 
Barbara’s wet cunt.  It didn’t take long before Barbara was shouting out in orgasm, flooding Sarah’s mouth with her pussy juices.  
Barbara’s body twisted and jumped on the bed, then she collapsed back, gasping for breath.  Sarah sucked as much of Barbara’s juices 
into her mouth as she could, pushing her tongue deeply into Barbara’s cunt to get all of it.  Then she looked up at Barbara.
	“You taste great!”
	“Thanks, Sarah,” Barbara said.  “That was wonderful.  You can eat my pussy any time.”
	“I might just take you up on that,” Sarah replied with a laugh.
	Watching Sarah eat out his wife had Neil hard once more.
	“So, you read for me, honey?” he asked his wife.
	“You better believe it!”
	Sarah got out of the way, and Neil rolled over onto his wife, getting between her legs.  Grabbing his cock, he guided it to her 
sopping wet pussy.  One thrust and he was buried in his wife’s twat.  Sarah lay on her side, casually stroking her fingers along her 
pussy as she watched the older couple fucking next to her.  Barbara wrapped her arms and legs around her husband, pulling him 
tightly against her body.  They kissed passionately, their tongues twirling in and out of each other’s mouths.  Neil slammed his cock 
in and out of his wife’s cunt, fucking her hard and fast.  Barbara thrust her hips up to meet his with every down thrust he made.  Then 
Neil sat up, resting on his knees, and grabbed Barbara’s hips.
	Sarah leaned forward, enjoying the view.  It was just like watching a porno movie.  Sarah could easily see Neil’s cock as it slid in 
and out of Barbara’s cunt.  Sarah leaned down and sucked on Barbara’s clit, and ran her tongue along Neil’s shaft as it slid in and out 
of Barbara’s pussy.  Sarah then kissed her way up Neil’s stomach and chest.  She moved her lips up to meet Neil’s, and they kissed, 
their lips pressed tightly together as their tongues interlocked, twisting around each other.  Barbara smiled as she watched the two of 
them kissing.  She was very glad she’d decided to do this.  It made her feel better about what she’d done with Billy.  Of course, that 
didn’t change the fact that she still needed to tell her husband about it.
	Sarah broke her kiss with Neil, then turned towards Barbara.  She smiled wickedly, not saying a word.  Then she leaned down and 
kissed Barbara’s stomach, working her way up to Barbara’s breasts.  Sarah sucked on her nipples, sliding her tongue along the stiff 
nubs.  Then she kissed Barbara on the lips, Frenching her just as passionately as she had her husband.  Barbara ran her hands up 
Sarah’s body, fondling her breasts and squeezing her nipples as they kissed.  Sarah moaned into Barbara’s mouth.
	“Oh God, I’m gonna cum!” Neil moaned.
	Then he pulled his prick out and grabbed hold of it.  Three quick strokes and the first spurt of cum shot from the head of his 
prick, splashing onto Barbara’s stomach and chest.  A second spurt shot out, followed by a third.  Then Neil sat back, gasping for 
breath.  Sarah quickly slid Neil’s cock into her mouth, licking the cum off of it.  Then she ran her mouth along Barbara’s body, 
sucking up the cum that had landed there.  Once she had cleaned Barbara’s body, she collapsed next to her, a huge smile of 
contentment on her face.
	“That was fantastic!” Sarah said.  “I can’t remember the last time I’ve had so much fun!”
	“I’m glad you enjoyed yourself,” Barbara said, kissing her on the cheek.  “We’ll have to do it again some time.”
	“Maybe next time Billy can join us,” Sarah said.
	“We’ll have to wait and see,” Neil said, smiling down at the two naked women.
	Sarah sighed.
	“Well, I guess I’d better head home.”
	She slowly got off the bed and started to get dressed.  Once she was fully dressed, Neil threw on a robe and walked her to the 
door.  He gave her one last, deep kiss before she left.  As they kissed, Sarah slid her hands up under his robe, stroking his cock.
	“I can’t wait until next time,” Sarah said.
	“Me, either,” Neil replied.
	After Sarah had left, Neil returned to his bedroom, removed his robe, and slid into bed with Barbara.  He slid is arm around her 
and pulled her close.
	“That was wonderful, honey,” he said.  “I’m glad you thought of it.”
	“Me, too.”
	Barbara lay there quietly for a moment, building up her nerve.  Then she took a deep breath.
	“Neil, honey, I have a little confession to make.”
	“What’s that, darling?”
	Another deep breath.
	“Well, remember how I told you I caught Billy masturbating, and he admitted that he’d messed around with Sarah?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Well, I didn’t tell you the whole story.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Billy and I . . . we, um . . . I had sex with him.”
	“You what?!”
	“When I saw him jerking off, I just got so hot, and before I knew it, we were fucking.  That’s why I set up this thing with Sarah.  I 
figured it would help make up for the fact that I’d fucked Billy.  Please don’t be mad.”
	It was Neil’s turn to take a deep breath.
	“I’m not mad at you honey.  As a matter of fact, I have a confession to make, too.”
	“What?”
	“Um . . . you remember that night we went over to your parents’ house, and Becky and I took a shower together?”
	“Yeah, so?”
	“Well, the reason we took so long was because she . . . she gave me a blowjob, and I ate her pussy.  I never meant it to happen, 
honest; it just did.  I’ve felt like a child molester ever since, but at the same time, I really, really enjoyed it.”
	Barbara smiled, and kissed her husband on the cheek.
	“I’m not mad at you, either, honey.  I guess we’ll both just have to accept that we enjoy having sex with our kids.”
	Neil breathed a sigh of relief.
	“I can’t tell you how glad I am to hear you say that.  I’ve been worried sick that you’d find out, and want to divorce me, or send 
me to jail or something.”
	“Oh, Neil, I’d never do anything like that!!”
	The couple kissed, holding each other close.
	“So what do we do now?” Neil asked his wife a short while later.
	“Well, actually, there is something that I’d like to do.”
	“And what’s that?”
	“I’d like to do Billy and Justin at the same time.  And you and Becky could watch.”
	“Sounds like fun.  When do you want to do it?”
	“How about tomorrow night?”
	“Eager little minx, aren’t you?”
	“You better believe it!” Barbara laughed.
	And with that, the couple snuggled up close to each other and fell asleep in each other’s arms.




Fun With The Kids
by The MadHatter

Chapter 5 – The Family That Plays Together . . . 

	Billy had just gotten up the next morning, and was bent over his dresser, looking for some clothes to wear.  Suddenly a pair of 
arms slid around his body, and a pair of hands slid into his pajama bottoms, wrapping around his cock.  He never wore underwear to 
bed.  Billy quickly turned and saw his mother snuggled up against him.
	“Shit, Mom!  You scared the hell out of me!”
	“Watch your language, Billy,” Barbara said with a smile as she continued to stroke his cock, feeling it quickly harden in her 
hands.
	“Damn that feels good, Mom, but what if we get caught?”
	“Don’t worry about it, Billy dear, your father knows all about what happened between us.”
	“You’re kidding!”
	“No, I’m not,” Barbara said.  “Your father and I don’t have any secrets.”
	“And he’s not mad?”
	“Not at all.  As a matter of fact, he and Becky plan on watching us do it; if you’re interested, that is.”
	“Becky???”
	“Why not?  She’s getting old enough to learn about sex.  So, are you interested?”
	“You bet I am!!” Billy said eagerly.
	“Oh, I was wondering if you’d like to invite Justin to join us.”
	“Justin?”
	“Yeah.  You and him did Sarah together; so how about double-teaming your mother?”
	“That sounds great!  I’ll call Justin right now.”
	“Oh, I think it can wait a few minutes.”
	Barbara slid her hands out of Billy’s pajamas, and pushed them off his hips, letting them fall about his ankles.  Then she squeezed 
his ass cheeks, massaging them with her hands.
	“Turn around, baby.”
	Billy turned around, and Barbara dropped to her knees in front of him.  She slid her hands up the backs of his legs to his ass, 
gripping his cheeks firmly and pulling him towards her.  She ran her tongue along his scrotum, then sucked his balls into her mouth, 
sucking them gently.  Billy moaned, running his fingers through his mother’s hair.  Barbara ran her tongue along Billy’s shaft, then 
slipped his head into her mouth, twirling her tongue around it.  She swallowed more and more of Billy’s cock, until her lips were 
wrapped around the base.  She loved how easily she could deep throat her son’s small cock.  She could never do this with Neil’s.
	Billy moaned as his mother’s head bobbed up and down on his cock.  Then he gasped as he felt her finger tickling his asshole.  
Barbara ran her finger around the little hole, then pushed it in.  As her finger sank into his anus, Billy climaxed, filling his mom’s 
mouth with jism.  He’d never felt anything quite like it.  Barbara let Billy’s cum fill her mouth, then let his now limp cock slip from 
between her lips.  She kept them tightly shut as she stood up.  Billy smiled as he watched her.  This time he knew what was going to 
happen, and he was very much looking forward to it.
	Barbara kissed Billy on the lips, then parted her lips, letting Billy’s cum flow into his mouth.  Billy eagerly took it, pushing his 
tongue into his mother’s mouth.  He swallowed it all, licking inside his mother’s mouth to get all of  it.  As he tasted his cum, he 
wondered what Justin’s cum tasted like.  He’d definitely have to find out the next time they were alone together.  They had played 
around a little since their night with Sarah, but nothing really serious.  Both of them had talked about doing more things together, but 
they hadn’t found the time to be alone together to explore the possibilities.
	Barbara smiled down at her son.
	“Why don’t you get dressed and give Justin a call?” she said.
	“Okay, Mom.”
	Barbara left Billy’s room, and went to the kitchen, where Neil and Becky were sitting down to breakfast.
	“Morning, Mommy,” Becky said.
	“Good morning, Becky,” Barbara replied.
	“Daddy says we’re going to do something special today.”
	“That’s right, baby.  We’re going to learn about sex.”
	“Sex?  Really?”
	“That’s right, honey,” Neil said.  “Remember the stuff we did in the shower?  You’re going to get to watch Mommy and Billy 
doing stuff like that, and more.”
	“Daddy!!  That was our secret!”
	“I know, Becky,” Neil said, caressing his daughter’s hair, “but your Mommy and I thought that we should all share in it.  So it’ll 
be a family secret.  Besides, this way we can do more stuff together.”
	“Okay, Daddy,” Becky said.  “Will I get to suck your cock again?”
	“You sure will, baby.”
	“Goody!!”
	The three of them continued with breakfast, and a few minutes later Billy entered the kitchen.
	“I called Justin, and he said he’ll be here right after lunch.”
	“That’s great, Billy,” Barbara said.  “Now sit down and eat your breakfast.”
	The family ate breakfast, everyone’s mind on the afternoon ahead.  After breakfast, the kids were sent to clean their rooms, to 
keep them busy until the day’s festivities commenced.  Everyone spent the morning cleaning and doing other chores, then they had 
lunch.  They were just finishing up when the doorbell rang.  Billy jumped from his chair, and ran to the door.  He returned to the 
kitchen with Justin standing next to him.  Justin was staring at Barbara, looking her up and down.  He was obviously looking forward 
to what lay ahead.
	“Hello, Justin,” Barbara said. “How are you today?”
	“Just fine, Mrs. Johnson.”
	“Oh, you can call me Barbara if you want.”
	“Okay . . . Barbara.”
	“Why don’t you go sit in the livingroom, Justin,” Neil said.  “We’ll be there in a few minutes.”
	“Okay.”
	“Can I be excused?” Billy asked.
	“Finish your lunch first,” Barbara told him.
	Billy crammed the last of his sandwich into his mouth, and washed it down with the last of his milk.  He quickly put his dishes in 
the dishwasher and ran out into the livingroom to join his friend.  The rest of the family quickly finished their lunches as well, and 
eagerly walked into the livingroom.  Billy and Justin were both naked already, their hard little cocks sticking up from between their 
legs.  Both were eagerly eyeing Barbara as she walked into the livingroom.
	“Couldn’t wait for the rest of us?” Neil asked as he pulled his shirt off.
	“We were too excited,” Billy responded.
	Barbara laughed as she started to remove her clothes.  Becky, uncertain of what exactly was going on, just stood there, her gaze 
going back and forth between the two naked boys sitting on the couch, and her parents rapidly undressing.	
	“Don’t just stand there, Becky,” Neil said.  “Go ahead and take your clothes off.”
	Becky was kind of nervous, but she was excited, too.  Seeing the two hard pricks of her brother and his best friend made her feel 
all tingly inside.  They weren’t nearly as big as her dad’s, but she thought they’d still be fun to suck on.  She could get much more of 
theirs in her mouth than she could her dad’s.  And so she removed her clothes as well, and was soon as naked as everyone else.
	“Why don’t you come sit on Daddy’s lap, Becky,” Neil said.
	Neil had sat down in the recliner, while Barbara had sat down between Billy and Justin on the couch.  Becky walked over to her 
father, and he pulled her onto his lap, her round little ass resting against his cock.  It was still pretty limp, but as Becky rubbed her ass 
against it, it quickly started to stiffen.  Feeling it poking her behind, Becky reached down with her hand and started to stroke it.  
Pretty soon it was rock hard.  Neil slid his hand around Becky’s waist, and was running his middle finger along her tiny little-girl slit, 
feeling it start to get wet.
	“Now just watch Mommy,” Neil whispered in her ear.
	“Okay, Daddy.”
	Barbara sat back on the couch, relaxing, as the two young boys kissed every inch of her body.  She took turns French kissing 
them, then each sucked on one of her tits, then they kissed their way down her body to her pussy.  Since Billy had already had the 
pleasure of tasting his mother’s wonderful pussy, he let his friend go first.  Justin ran his fingers along her wet cunt, then pushed his 
middle finger in.  It was a little looser than Sarah’s had been, but still extremely arousing.  He pushed out his tongue, tasting her cunt.  
Her flavor was stronger, muskier than Sarah, and Justin loved it.  He pushed his tongue deep into her cunt, while still fucking her with 
his finger.  He sucked up her freely flowing juices into his mouth, then started working on her clit.  He added a second finger to her 
cunt as he wrapped his lips around her clit.  
	Barbara was in heaven.  Justin was often hesitant and clumsy, but what he lacked in skill he more than made for in enthusiasm.  
Justin attacked her pussy, sucking at it ravenously as he rapidly forced his two fingers in and out of her cunt.  Barbara writhed and 
moaned on the couch.  She ran her fingers through Justin’s hair, pushing his face harder into her cunt.  She couldn’t believe how hot 
she was for this 12-year-old boy.
	Billy watched Justin eat out his mom.  Originally, he had planned to switch places with his friend, but as much fun as they were 
having, he didn’t want to interrupt them.  Besides, he knew he could eat out his mom another time.  Instead, he stood up on the couch, 
moving his crotch next to his mother’s face.  Barbara turned and saw his dick in front of her, and wasting no time, slipped it into her 
mouth.  She was too close to orgasm to concentrate on anything fancy, so she simply sucked, sliding his cock in and out of her 
mouth.  Soon she was bouncing on the couch as Justin brought her to climax.  Justin swallowed as fast as he could as her pussy juices 
flooded his face.
	Justin sat back on the floor, a huge grin on his face.  He looked up at his best friend, getting his dick sucked by his own mother.  
He wished he could fuck his own mom, but his parents were very traditional, religious types, and would have a fit if they knew about 
any of this.  He watched Billy thrust his hips back and forth, his cock sliding in and out of his mom’s mouth.  Justin loved watching 
Billy’s ass cheeks clench as he fucked Barbara’s mouth.  He’d always like Billy’s ass, ever since they were little kids.  He’d told 
Billy that when they’d started fooling around with each other, and Billy had admitted that he liked looking at Justin’s ass, too.
	Billy’s body stiffened, and he shouted out as he climaxed, filling Barbara’s mouth with cum.  Barbara let the cum fill her mouth.  
His prick going limp, Billy collapsed onto the couch.  Barbara looked at him with a wicked smile on her face, her lips tightly shut.  
Billy mirrored her grin.  He moved closer to his mom to kiss her, when a nasty thought crossed his mind, and he stopped.  He looked 
over at Justin.
	“Why don’t you kiss Justin, Mom?” Billy said.
	Justin eagerly jumped up to give Barbara a kiss, having no idea what was coming.  Their lips met, and Barbara parted her lips 
slightly, forcing her tongue into Justin’s mouth.  As his mouth opened, she let Billy’s cum flow into his mouth.  Justin was surprised 
at first, uncertain as to what Barbara was doing, then he realized that she must have kept Billy’s cum in her mouth.  At this thought, he 
eagerly swallowed it, then pushed his tongue into Barbara’s mouth, trying to get all of Billy’s cum.  He’d been curious to taste 
Billy’s cum since the first time he’d sucked his dick.  He’d tasted his own cum a couple of times after jerking off, and found that he 
kind of enjoyed the taste.  Now that he’d tasted Billy’s cum, he couldn’t wait to get some directly from the source.
	Billy looked at his friend as he and Barbara kissed.  When their kiss broke, he asked his friend, “So what did you think?”
	Justin smiled.
	“That was great!!”
	Barbara took the two young cocks in her hands and started to stroke them.
	“You two going to be ready to fuck me soon?” she asked.
	“Real soon, Mom!”
	Meanwhile, Becky and Neil continued to watch.  Neil had pushed his index finger into Becky’s pussy, and was slowly pushing it 
in and out.  Becky still had her hand on Neil’s cock.  She stroked it now and then, but as her attention focused on the action in front 
of her, she’d stop and simply hold it.  Neil didn’t mind, though.  He figured he’d last longer if she didn’t stroke, especially as hot as 
her little hand on his cock made him.
	Barbara stroked the two pre-teen cocks, and soon they were again hard.
	“So, are you two ready to fuck me?” Barbara asked.
	“Oh yeah!!”
	“We sure are!”
	“That’s what I wanted to hear.”
	“So who goes first, Mom?” Billy asked.
	“I want to do both of you at once.”
	“How do we do that?” Justin asked.
	“Lie down on the couch, Justin.”
	Justin did as he was told, and Barbara got on top of him, sliding his cock into her cunt.
	“Okay, Billy, now I want you to fuck me in the ass!”
	“In the ass?”
	“That’s right.  Just lick it real good first, then slide that hard dick right on in.”
	Billy hesitated at first, but he was so horny he’d try anything.  He licked around his mother’s asshole, then finally pushed his 
tongue inside.  It didn’t taste nasty like he thought it would, but it didn’t taste nearly as good as pussy, either.  Once he got her 
asshole slicked up, he put the head of his cock against it, and pushed.  Barbara moaned as her son’s cock sank into her asshole.
	“Okay, now both of you, fuck me!!”
	The boys started thrusting.  They were awkward at first, but soon got into a rhythm, with Billy thrusting in while Justin slid out, 
then the reverse.  Soon they were wildly fucking both of Barbara’s holes.  It didn’t take long for the eager young boys to reach 
climax.  Billy was first, grabbing hold of his mother’s hips shouting in ecstasy as he filled his mother’s ass with cum.  Justin came 
right after him, shooting his load into Barbara’s cunt.  Billy collapsed onto Barbara, who had slumped onto Justin.  The three of them 
simply lay there, soaked in sweat.  Once they’d recovered, they switched places.  Justin loved the feel of Barbara’s tight asshole 
clenching his prick, and shot off in no time flat.  He pulled out and sat back on the couch, watching Billy fucking his mom.  It wasn’t 
long until Billy came as well, shooting his jism into his mom’s hot twat.
	“That was great!!” Barbara gasped after she’d regained her composure.  “Why don’t you two get into the shower and get cleaned 
up.  I’ll take my shower when you’re done, so don’t take too long!”
	Barbara walked over to where Neil and Becky were sitting.
	“So what did you think, Becky?” Barbara asked her daughter.
	“That looks like fun, Mommy!  When can I try?  I want Daddy to do that to me.  Will you, Daddy, please?”
	“I don’t know, honey,” Neil replied.  “I’m kind of big for your little pussy.  I don’t want to hurt you.”
	“Please, Daddy.  I want you to do it to me.  You won’t hurt me.  Please, Daddy?”
	“I’ll tell you what, Becky,” Barbara said.  “How about if Billy fucked you first?  That’s what it’s called, by the way – fucking.  
After Billy’s taken your cherry and stretched you out some, then Daddy can fuck you.  What do you say to that?”
	“Okay!  Can we do it now?”
	Neil laughed.
	“I don’t think Billy’s quite up to it right now, Becky.  Mommy pretty much wore him out.  Isn’t that right, Billy?” Neil called to 
his son, who was walking up the stairs.
	“Afraid so.  Are you really going to let me fuck Becky?” Billy asked, a look of anticipation on his face.
	“Sure, why not?  But let’s wait until tomorrow.  Then it’ll just be the family.  What do you say to that, Becky?”
	“Okay, Daddy.  Can I suck your cock, Daddy?”
	“You sure can, Becky!”
	Barbara watched eagerly.  She’d wanted to see this ever since Neil had admitted to what had happened in the shower.  Becky got 
off of her dad’s lap, kneeling between his legs.  She took Neil’s cock in her hands, slowly stroking it.  Then she stretched her tongue 
out and ran it up and down the shaft.  After a few licks, she slipped the head into her mouth, sucking on it.  She slowly slid over half 
of his cock into her mouth, then slid it back out.  Soon she was bobbing up and down on Neil’s prick.  Barbara shoved two fingers 
into her cunt as she watched her 8-year-old daughter give her husband a blowjob.  She’d never seen anything so erotic in her life.
	Neil had already been extremely aroused from watching his wife fuck their 12-year-old son and his best friend, plus having 
Becky sitting naked on his lap and stroking his cock, so her mouth on his prick quickly drove him over the edge.  Before he knew it, 
he was moaning and shouting as the first spurt of jism shot from his prick into his daughter’s mouth.  Becky eagerly swallowed as the 
second and third spurts filled her mouth.  There was more than her mouth could hold, and some of it leaked out, dribbling down her 
chin.  When Neil’s prick finally stopped shooting and grew limp, Becky let it fall from her mouth, a huge smile on her face.
	“Did I do good, Daddy?” she asked.
	“You did great, baby,” Neil replied, smiling down at the young girl.
	Barbara removed her fingers from her soaked pussy.
	“Come here and give Mommy a kiss, Becky,” she said.
	Becky turned to her mother.
	“Oh, you missed some,” Barbara said, licking the cum from Becky’s chin.
	Then Barbara kissed her daughter on the lips.  But it wasn’t a motherly kiss.  She pushed her tongue into Becky’s mouth, and 
Becky responded eagerly, pushing back with her own tongue, passionately French kissing her own mother.  When they broke apart, 
Barbara looked down at her daughter’s face.  She had always found her daughter to be a very pretty girl, but now she was seeing her in 
a whole new light – a very sexual light.  Suddenly she desired Becky just as much as she did Becky’s older brother.
	“That was neat, Mom,” Becky said.  “You’ve never kissed me like that before!!”
	“I’m glad you liked it, honey,” Barbara said.  “Daddy tells me that he licked your pussy in the shower.”
	Becky looked over at her father.
	“It’s okay, Becky, you can tell your mother everything.”
	“Okay, Daddy.”  She turned back to her mother.  “Yeah, Daddy licked my pussy.  It felt really good.”
	“Can I lick your pussy?” Barbara asked.
	“Sure!!”
	Becky lay down on the floor, spreading her legs.  Barbara got between Becky’s legs, kissing her inner thighs.  Then she moved 
up and kissed all over her daughter’s stomach.  Becky giggled when Barbara stuck her tongue in her belly button.  Then Barbara 
kissed her way down to Becky’s pussy, spreading the lips apart with her fingers.  Becky’s breathing quickened, and she moaned 
quietly as Barbara ran her tongue along Becky’s pussy.  Then she pushed her tongue deep into the little girl’s pussy.
	“Oh, Mommy, that feels so good!” Becky moaned.
	Neil sat in the chair, fondling his limp prick as he watched his wife licking his 8-year-old daughter’s pussy.  He couldn’t believe 
how beautiful and erotic a sight it made.  Becky was wiggling around and pushing her hips up to meet her mother’s tongue.  Then she 
started groaning loudly as Barbara’s lips fastened around her clit, sucking it and teasing it with her tongue.  Then little Becky reached 
her very first orgasm.
	“Oh, yes, yes Mommy, oh that feels so good!!  Oh, lick me, Mommy, lick me more!!”
	Barbara’s hands held Becky’s ass cheeks firmly, pushing her daughter’s pussy into her face as Becky’s body writhed and jumped 
beneath her.  Finally, Becky’s body collapsed to the floor, her breathing coming in ragged gasps.  She had a huge smile on her face.
	“Oh, Mommy, that felt really great.  I’ve never felt anything like that before.”
	“That’s called an orgasm, honey,” Barbara said.  “That’s the best part of having sex, is getting that feeling.”
	“Will that happen when I have sex with Billy tomorrow?” Becky asked enthusiastically.
	“It sure will.”
	“Oh, boy!  I can’t wait.”
	“Well, you’re going to have to wait until tomorrow, Becky,” Neil said.  “Now I suppose we should all get dressed.”
	“I want to jump in the shower first,” Barbara said.  “Billy and Justin should be done by now.”

	After finishing their threesome with Barbara, Billy and Justin had run upstairs and jumped into the shower.
	“God, that was fun!” Justin said.  “Your mom is really hot!  And just think, you get to pop your little sister’s cherry tomorrow. 
I’m jealous.”
	“Yeah, Mom is pretty great.  It was even more fun sharing her with you.  Maybe we can share Becky some time.  I can’t believe 
my parents are really going to let me fuck her.  Hell, I can’t believe any of this!!”
	“Thanks for inviting me over.”  Justin paused briefly.  “I really liked tasting your cum,” he finally said.
	“Yeah, it is pretty good.  I . . . I kind of wondered what yours tasted like.”
	“We’ll have to taste each other’s next time one of us sleeps over at the other’s place.”
	“Sounds great!” Billy said.  “We’ll have to get together real soon.”
	“Do you think we could get any of the other guys to join in?”
	“I don’t know.  They’d probably think we were queer or something.”
	“You’re probably right,” Justin said.  “But you never know.”
	The boys soaped each other off, their hands caressing each other’s bodies.  They had just gotten out and started to dry each other 
off when Barbara came up for her shower.
	“Took you two long enough,” she said with a laugh as she got in the shower.
	The two boys finished drying off, then Justin got dressed and went home.








Fun With The Kids
by The MadHatter

Chapter 6 – Becky’s First Time

	Bright and early the next morning, Becky burst into her parents’ bedroom.  Neil looked up, still half asleep.
	“What are you doing up so early?” he asked.
	“I wanna have sex with Billy!”
	Billy walked into the bedroom.
	“Morning,” he said.
	“Good morning,” Barbara replied, opening her eyes and yawning.  “You ready to take your sister’s cherry?”
	Billy smiled.
	“I sure am!”
	“Come on!” Becky said.  “Get out of bed!”
	“Okay, okay,” Neil laughed.  “But how about if you two join us instead?”
	Becky eagerly jumped into the middle of her parents’ bed.  Billy casually walked up and sat down on the edge of the bed, next to 
his mother.  He smiled at her, reaching out to cup one of her breasts.
	“So how are we going to do this?” Neil asked his wife.
	Barbara thought about it for a minute.
	“Well, first of all, I think everyone needs to get naked.”
	Neil and Barbara were already naked – having slept that way – so they sat and watched as their children eagerly removed their 
pajamas.  Becky stood up on her parents’ bed, pulling her nightgown over her head and tossing it onto the floor.  Her white cotton 
panties soon followed.  Billy, meanwhile, had gotten up off the bed, and quickly removed his pajamas.  His young cock was already 
stiff in anticipation of what was to come.
	“Now what?” Becky asked, dropping onto the bed.
	“Well, why don’t you make yourself comfortable?” Barbara said.  “Neil, let’s get out of the bed and give them room.”
	Neil and Barbara slid from under the covers, sitting on the edge of the bed.
	“Okay, Billy,” Barbara told her son, “she’s all yours.”
	“What should I do?” Billy asked uncertainly as he crawled onto the bed.
	He looked down at his little sister, lying there naked before him.  Her sexy little body had him really turned on, but he was afraid 
of hurting her.
	“Why don’t you start by kissing her?” Barbara said with a laugh.
	“Yeah, Billy,” Becky said. “Gimme a kiss!”
	Becky held out her arms.  Billy lay down between her legs, resting his weight on his arms.  Becky wrapped her arms around his 
neck, pulling herself up towards him.  Their lips met in a kiss.  They were hesitant at first, but soon they were kissing passionately.  
Billy pushed his tongue against Becky’s mouth.  Her lips parted, and his tongue slid into her mouth.  When their tongues met, it was 
like an electric shock went through both of them.  They held the kiss for several long seconds, their tongues fighting in and out of 
each other’s mouths.  When they finally broke apart, both were breathing heavily.  They stared into each other’s eyes.
	“Wow, Becky, that was great!” Billy said.
	Becky smiled.
	“Yeah it was!”
	“So what else do you want your brother to do?” Neil asked.
	“I want him to kiss me all over!” Becky replied excitedly.
	“I’d love to!” Billy said, as excited as his sister.
	Becky removed her arms from around Billy’s neck, lying back.  She smiled up at her brother.  Billy smiled back, then bent down, 
kissing his sister’s cheek.  He moved down to her neck, while his hands roamed over her beautiful, petite body, caressing her smooth 
skin. Becky closed her eyes, enjoying the feel of her brother’s hands and lips on her.  She could feel herself getting all tingly.  It felt 
strange, but she really liked it.  Billy continued kissing his way down her body, until he reached her nipples.  He licked them lightly 
with his tongue.  Becky moaned.  She couldn’t believe how good it felt.
	Billy kissed his way down to Becky’s stomach, then down one leg and up the other.  When he reached her crotch, he stopped.  
He spread Becky’s legs slightly wider, staring at the lovely smooth pussy before him.  It was so different from Sarah’s, or his 
mother’s.  There was no hair to hide anything.  Her pussy was completely open to him.  He leaned down and kissed it lightly.  Becky 
moaned again, and her breathing came in short gasps.  Then Billy ran his tongue along her pussy lips, till he reached her tiny clit.  
Becky’s hips jerked as Billy’s tongue caressed her clit.  Billy pushed his tongue into the tight confines of her virgin pussy, feeling 
her vaginal muscles squeezing his tongue.  He loved the sweet, fresh taste of her cunt.
	Neil and Barbara, meanwhile, were thoroughly enjoying the show their children were putting on.  Neil slowly stroked his cock, 
while Barbara slid two fingers in and out of her pussy.  Becky was bucking her hips off the bed as Billy ate her pussy.  She moaned 
and shouted until a climax wracked her young body, causing her to scream out in ecstasy.  Then she collapsed back onto the bed, 
gasping for breath.  Billy looked up at her, a huge grin on his face.
	“Did you like that, Becky?” he asked.
	“Oh, I loved it!!”  Becky replied excitedly.  “That was great!”
	“Why don’t you return the favor, Becky?” Neil suggested.
	“Okay!”
	Billy lay down on his back.  His young cock throbbed.  He couldn’t wait to feel his young sister’s lips on his prick.  Becky lay on 
top of Billy, rubbing her pussy against his cock.  She smiled down at him, then kissed him on the lips.  After a long French kiss, 
Becky followed her brother’s example, kissing her way down his body.  She kissed his neck, then his chest, licking at his nipples with 
the tip of her tongue.  Billy was surprised at how it excited him.  His cock practically ached, it was so hard.  Becky kissed her way 
down Billy’s stomach to his cock.  But unlike Billy, she didn’t bother going down his legs.  She had reached what she was after.  She 
ran her hands along Billy’s rock-hard cock.  It wasn’t nearly as big as her father’s, but she liked it just as much.  Billy groaned as 
Becky stroked his cock with her little hands.
	“Do you like that, Billy?” Becky asked.
	“Yeah, sis, that feels great!”
	“Do you want me to suck it?”
	“Oh God, yes!  Please, Becky, please suck my cock!”
	Becky lightly kissed the head of Billy’s prick, making Billy moan.  Then she kissed her way down his shaft to his balls.  When 
she reached his balls, she decided she wanted to see what they felt like in her mouth, so she sucked his scrotum into her mouth, 
sucking on his balls one at a time.  From the moans and groans coming from Billy, he obviously enjoyed it.  Becky let Billy’s balls 
slip from her mouth, and kissed her way back up his cock, using her tongue as well as her lips this time.  When she reached his head, 
she slipped it into her mouth.  Slowly, her lips slid down his shaft.  Becky liked Billy’s smaller cock, because it was so much easier 
to get into her mouth than her dad’s.
	Billy’s breathing was coming in ragged gasps now.  He couldn’t believe the amazing blowjob his little eight-year-old sister was 
giving him.  At this rate, he wouldn’t last long before he shot off his load.  Becky continued to suck his cock, sliding her mouth up 
and down his shaft with a slow, relaxed rhythm.  One of her hands, meanwhile, was rubbing her moist pussy.  Becky loved the way her 
big brother was responding to her.  It felt good to know that she was giving her brother such pleasure.
	“Oh God, Becky, that feels so good!  You keep that up, and I’m gonna cum.”
	Becky briefly removed her lips from Billy’s cock.
	“Go ahead, Billy,” she told him.  “I want you to cum in my mouth!”
	Becky returned to sucking her brother’s cock.  Billy couldn’t believed he’d just heard what he had.  She actually wanted him to 
cum in her mouth?!  Of course, at that point, Billy didn’t have much choice in the matter.  As good as her mouth felt around his cock, 
there was no way he could have pulled out if he’d wanted to.  And he definitely didn’t want to.
	“Oh, Becky, yeah, I’m . . . I’m gonna cum . . . oh, yeah, YEAH!!  SUCK ME, BECKY!!!  I’M CUMMMMINGGGG!!!!  
AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!”
	Becky slid Billy’s cock out of her mouth until just the head rested on her tongue.  Billy’s hips jerked as his first load of cum 
burst out of his cock and into Becky’s mouth.  Becky let it collect on her tongue, along with his second and third shots.  When his 
cum was just dribbling from his cock, she finally swallowed it all, a big huge grin on her face.
	“Your cum tastes really good, Billy,” Becky said, sliding up his body until her face was next to his.
	“God, that was fantastic, Becky,” Billy said, still gasping for breath.  “You give great blowjobs!”
	“Thanks.  You did a really good job licking my pussy, too.  So, are you ready to take my cherry?”
	Billy laughed.  Their parents laughed as well.
	“Give me a second to recover, okay?”
	Becky cuddled up next to her older brother, casually fondling his limp cock.  Soon the two siblings were kissing and caressing 
each other.  In no time at all, Billy was stiff once more.
	“Will you fuck me now, big brother?” Becky asked.
	“You bet!!”
	“Okay, Billy,” Barbara said, “you’re going to have to be careful.  Becky’s a lot tighter than me or Sarah.  And you’re going to 
have to break her cherry, too.”
	“What should I do?” Billy asked.
	“Okay, Becky, lie on your back and spread your legs.”
	“Okay, Mom.”
	Becky did as she was asked, lying back in the middle of the bed, her spread legs revealing her smooth, pink pussy lips.
	“Okay, Billy, now get between your sister’s legs and put your cock at the lips of her pussy.  Don’t push it in too far, though; 
you’ll want to go slow, to give her pussy time to adjust to your cock.”
	Billy got between his sister’s legs.  Taking his cock in hand, he guided it to her pussy, rubbing the head along her lips.  He slowly 
pushed forward with his hips until his head sank into her pussy, then removed his hand.  He couldn’t believe how tight her pussy was!  
It gripped the head of his prick like a vice.  Slowly he pushed a little bit more of his cock into Becky’s pussy, feeling it slowly 
stretch around his prick.
	“How does that feel, Becky?” he asked, looking down at his sister.
	“Oh, it’s so big!  I can feel it stretching me,” she replied.
	“Does it hurt?”
	“Not really.  You can push it in more.”
	Billy pushed his cock further in, enjoying the wet warmth of Becky’s pussy.  He got it about halfway in when it wouldn’t go any 
further.  He could feel the head of his cock resting against her maidenhead.
	“I can’t push in any further,” Billy said.
	“That’s because you’ve reached her hymen,” Neil said.  “You’ll need to push hard to break through that.”
	“But won’t that hurt Becky?” he asked.
	“Yes, a little,” Barbara said, “but it’s something every girl has to go through.  And it’ll only hurt for a little bit.”
	“Okay.  Are you ready?” Billy asked his sister.
	“Uh-huh.  Go ahead, Billy.”
	Billy slowly slid back out, till just his head rested in Becky’s pussy, then he pushed it back in, this time harder than before.  
Becky cried out as he partially tore her cherry.  He stopped, letting her recover a little, then pushed even harder, forcing his way 
through her maidenhead, and burying his cock in her pussy.  Then he simply left it there, letting Becky get used to the feel of it.
	“That didn’t hurt too much, did it?” he asked.
	“Well, yeah, kinda,” she said, wiping a tear from her eyes.  “But it doesn’t feel too bad, now.”
	“Just give her a minute before you start fucking her, Billy,” Neil told his son.
	Billy looked down at his sister, a tear sliding down her cheek.  She had never looked more beautiful.  All the fights and sibling 
rivalry were forgotten.  All he could think of was how much he loved the little girl beneath him.  He leaned down and kissed her on 
the cheek.  Then he slid his lips over hers.  The two children kissed, intimately, passionately.
	“It feels better now, Billy,” Becky said.  “You can go ahead and fuck me now.”
	“Okay, Sis.”
	Billy started slowly sliding his cock in and out of Becky’s tight, gripping pussy.  He couldn’t believe how tight she was!  Becky 
started to moan as Billy moved his in and out of her cunt.  Her cunt juices started to flow, and soon Billy was sliding easily in and out 
of her cunt.  Becky wrapped her arms and legs tightly around her brother as he slid his cock in and out of her.  Her hips rocked 
against his as he slammed into her faster and faster.	
	“Oh God, yes, Billy, it feels so good!” Becky shouted.  “Fuck me, big brother, fuck me!  Oh yeah, yeah, oh, oh, ooohhhhh . . .”
	“Your pussy feels so good, Becky,” Billy moaned in reply.  “God, it’s so tight and hot.  I love you, Becky.  I love fucking you.  
Oh wow, this feels so good!!”
	Neil and Barbara were both totally engrossed in the two young lovers before them.  Both watched intently as Billy’s smooth 
white ass moved up and down as he pumped in and out of his sister.  Neil was rapidly stroking his cock in time to his son’s thrusts.  
Barbara’s fingers slid in and out of her pussy in the same rhythm.  Neither could believe they were watching their two pre-teen 
children having sex.  Even harder for them to believe was how much it turned them both on.  Neither said a word, watching silently as 
their children fucked.  Both were breathing heavily, nearing climax as rapidly as their children.
	“Oh, Becky, I . . . I’m gonna cum.  Oh, yeah, gonna cum soon,” Billy gasped.
	“Uh, uh, uhhhh . . . me, me too, Billy,” Becky moaned.  “Cum in me, Billy.  Shoot your . . . your cum in me.  Make me cum, Billy.  
Make me cuuuummmm!!  OH, OH YES!!! OH, FUCK ME, BILLY, FUCK ME!!  I’M CUMMMMINNNNGGG!!!!!!”
	“Yeah, yeah, me too, Becky.  OH GOD, OH BECKY, OHHH,  AAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!!”
	Billy could feel his balls tighten as his cum burst from his cock, coating the insides of Becky’s pussy.  Spurt after spurt shot out.  
Billy didn’t think he’d ever cum so much in his life.  He collapsed onto Becky, then rolled onto his side, pulling Becky tightly 
against him.  Becky, meantime, was writhing and twisting in his arms, her arms and legs gripping his body tightly.  She continued to 
gasp and moan as she lay there, the waves of orgasm slowly fading from her body.  The two children lay there for a few moments, 
catching their breath.  They continued to hug each other tightly.  When they had recovered slightly, they looked up at their parents.  
Barbara was sliding three fingers rapidly in and out of her cunt, while rubbing her clit with the other hand.  It didn’t take her long to 
reach her climax.  She shouted out as her orgasm washed over her.  She collapsed onto the bed next to her children.
	Neil was getting close as well, slamming his fist up  and down on his cock.  Becky smiled when she saw him.
	“Ooooh Daddy, come over here.  I want you to shoot your cum all over me!!”
	“Yeah, Dad,” Billy said, releasing his hold on his sister.  “I want to see you shoot your cum!  I’ve never seen that before.”
	“O-okay kids, here it comes!” Neil grunted.
	Neil stood up, getting off the bed, and turned to face his children, still feverishly jerking his cock.  Becky unlocked her arms and 
legs from around her brother, and the two kids slid to the edge of the bed, their arms around each other, their faces a short distance 
from their father’s crotch.  Suddenly Neil’s body stiffened, and he grasped his cock tightly at the base.  A long stream of white, 
sticky jism shot from his prick, splashing across Becky’s chest.  The second spurt was higher, soaking Becky’s face.  The third spurt 
landed on Billy, getting on his face and in his hair.  Billy opened his mouth wide, catching the final spurt on his tongue.  Neil 
collapsed onto the bed beside his children, completely drained.
	Barbara got up and walked around to the other side of the bed.  Kneeling down between her husband’s legs, she slipped her 
husband’s limp prick into her mouth, cleaning off the cum.  Becky and Billy watched for a few moments, then turned to each other.  
Their father’s cum was splattered all over their bodies.  Billy took his sister in his arms, kissing her.  Becky pushed her tongue into 
her brother’s mouth, tasting her father’s cum.  She worked her tongue all around Billy’s mouth, licking up Neil’s cum.  Then Billy 
pushed his tongue into his sister’s mouth.  Their tongues intertwined, pushing in and out of each other’s mouths, until the finally 
broke apart, gasping for breath.  Billy kissed Becky’s neck, then worked his way down her chest, licking up his father’s cum.  He 
reached her belly when his mother stopped him.
	“Hey, son, let your mother in there.”
	“Okay, Mom,” Billy said with a smile.
	Billy lay down next to his father.  The two watched as Barbara pulled Becky to the end of the bed, burying her face in her 
daughter’s wet, sticky twat.  She eagerly slurped up the cum and blood that oozed from her little girl’s slit.  Becky moaned as her 
mother sucked on her pussy.  Barbara slid a finger into her daughter’s pussy, working it in and out as she sucked on her clit.  Becky’s 
moans grew louder and her breathing grew heavy as her mother brought her to climax.  Soon Becky was  shouting out in ecstasy, her 
body shaking as she climaxed.  Barbara smiled up at her daughter, her face covered in Becky’s love juices.
	“God,” Neil sighed.  “I haven’t cum that hard in years!  That was fantastic.”
	“So what did you think of your first fuck, honey?” Barbara asked her daughter.
	“It was great!  So can I fuck Daddy now?”
	“My, my, aren’t we just the eager beaver?” Barbara said, laughing.  “What do you think, dear?  Ready to fuck your darling 
daughter?”
	It was Neil’s turn to laugh.
	“Give me a few minutes, honey, and I’ll see what I can do.”
	With that, the four family members climbed onto the bed, kissing and caressing and snuggling with each other.  Barbara and Neil 
lay on the edges of the bed, with Billy and Becky in between them.  The four of them had never felt closer.
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

