From - Mon Jan 13 20:46:38 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!news.tdl.com!news.zeitgeist.net!bdt.com!fsc.fujitsu.com!ihnp4.ucsd.edu!swrinde!howland.erols.net!worldnet.att.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: kids01.txt  (mf, inc, cons, bro/sis)
Date: Sun, 12 Jan 1997 22:10:59 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Internacial (R.L.I. Industries)
Lines: 225
Message-ID: <5bbnht$3fi@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
Reply-To: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: dal-tx2-02.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Sun Jan 12  2:11:09 PM PST 1997
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.stories:169934 alt.sex.incest:43456 alt.sex.stories.incest:12404

Double For Nothing!!  Tricks For Free!!!

http://www.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There....



Archive-name: Family/kids01.mfo
Archive-author: Conure
Archive-title: Scott & Bethany - 1: Discovery!


                         WARNING!!!!

     This is the beginning of a story about a young boy and
     his sister and they sexual explorations of their young
     life.   If you are offended by kids  having  sex  with
     other  kids,  kids  causing  other kids pain, or  kids
     having sex with adults,  then you will want to get out
     of here and delete this file!



     Hello, my name is Scott, I'm 14 years old with blonde hair,
blue eyes, and I'm madly in LUV with my sister.  Not just the
brother sister love, I mean LOVE!

     Bethany is 13, long blond hair which seems to float around her
small angel face.  She has pert little tits (that poke her shirts
when she doesn't wear a bra, and that is almost all the time!), and
the most beautiful blue eyes you ever saw.  She is long and thin,
with nice firm legs, just a nice-on-the-eyes 13 year old!

     On Saturday I returned home early from a mountain bike tour. 
I went up stairs and as I walked past the bathroom door I noticed
it was slightly open.  From inside I heard urgent muffled grunting. 
Curious, I peeked in and it was the most outragous view I ever got,
Beth was frigging herself!

     I watched my hot, red in the face sister pant and hump away at
her fingers.  Her small firm tits jerking up and down with her
motions until she finally came in what must have been an incredible
shuddering orgasm.  A long, deep groan escaped her throat.  I was
so excited that I had to have her for myself!

     I ran to my room where I got a pair of handcuffs I bought at
the local fair and then booked downstairs and turned on the TV and
made like I saw nothing.  A few minites later and she came down the
stairs.  She was wearing a little chearleader like skirt and halter
top.  The sight of it made me so hot I could not longer stand it.

     "Morning Scott", she said and planted a kiss on my cheek.  It
was more than I could stand, she was torturing me beyond all
belief.

     "Hey Beffy, wanna play a game?"

     Beth loved to do anything with me, she would do anything that
I wanted, I felt it!  "Yeah!"

     "But you will have to do ANYTHING that I ask..."

     "Okay!"

     "Well, maybe we better not...", and I turned to walk away. 
She jumped up from the table and caught up with me in the living
room.

     "Hey, come on, I said I would do what ever you wanted!"  She
was looking into my eyes with those wonderful blues.

     "Okay, you asked for it!"  I grabbed her arm and forced her
face down on the couch.  I grabbed her hands and pulled them behind
her back where I cuffed them.  She struggled and giggled the whole
time.  When she struggled to much, I pushed my groin against her
butt to force her back onto the couch.  To my suprise she was
pushing back and grinding her ass into me like it was part of the
game!

     "Where are you taking me?"

     "To the garage... I am kidnapping you and going to torture
you."

     "Ooooh, sounds scary!"

     I took her to the garage.  I picked up some rope that was in
the corner and tied one end to the chain in the hand cuffs.  I
threw the other end over a beam in the ceiling of the garage and
pulled it up until she was bend over with her arms pulled into the
air.

     "Hey, thats starting to hurt..."

     "Okay, you said you wanted to play, right?"

     "Well, yeah..."

     "Okay then, go with the game!"

     I pulled the rope more, until she had to balance the balls of
her sneakered feet, legs spread shoulder width.  Once I was
satisfied, I tied the rope off onto the support beam in the middle
of the garage.  I knealt besider her legs and started to untie her
sneaks.

     "Hey... what are ya doin?"

     "Gettin you ready... just go along with it or I'll gag ya!"

     She looked a little worried.  I would fix that soon enough. 
I carfully lifted her foot and removed her sneaker, then slowly
rolled her little lace ankle socks off.  I slowly ran my hand up
and down her now totally bare legs.  She started to moan.  When she
spoke, her voice was very deep.

     "Scott... what are you doing to me..."

     "How does it feel sis?", as I asked this, I started to slowly
rub my hand on her inner thighs, getting close to her crotch.  As
I got close, I could tell that I had won, she was so hot I could
feel her dampness 6 inches away.

     "It feels... nice..."  I was now inches from her panty clad
bottom.  She was beginning to tremble, sweat was breaking out all
over her body.  I was so hard I thought that I would burst my
pants.  I stood and lowered the zipper on her skirt and let it fall
to the floor.  I stood back to take in the view.
     There tied and arms bent uncomfortably was the most beautiful
girl I had ever seen.  I walked over, knealt down in front of her,
faces inches apart.  She was looking back, her face flush, panting
my name.  I was so turned on that I full kissed her on the mouth. 
She was so hot that when her tounge enetered my mouth I thought it
would burn me!  I suddenly pulled away from her and she growled in
frustration.

     I went to her side and started rubbing her hanging boobs
through the tube top.  She was fighting her bindings trying to get
more.  I slowly pulled her top down to her ankles.  She was now so
excited that her juices were actually running through her panties
and down her legs.  This excited me so much I could no longer stand
it.  I ripped her panties off.  She screamed.

     I got on my knees behind her and started to lick at her twat. 
She started to moan loudly and buck at my touch.  It was to much
for me.  I stopped licking and she started to cry in frustration,
"Please Scott, don't stop... uuuuggggghhhhhhhhh... nooooooo..."

     I couldn't stand it, I started to rub the super soft whitness
of her inner thighs and licked from her little hole to her butt
hole.  She moaned uncontrollably.  I licked faster and faster until
she was shaking.  I topped it off by taking my finger and rubbing
her clit while shoving my toungue into her pussy.

     She screamed and shook.  "Uh, uuuh.... ohhhhhhhhh.... god.....
pppppllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaasssee...... UH UH UHUGGHHHHHHHS!!!!" 
She was now fighting the restraints in full, having the most awsome
orgasm her sweet little body could handle.  I kept it up until her
body dropped limp.  She looked like she was hurting a little, she
went limp, and all her weight was on her arms.  She looked so
incredibly sexy, her legs hanging, her little feet, dirty from the
grime covered garage floort were out behind her, bottoms facing the
roof.

     I got up and walked around to her face and unzipped my fly. 
I pulled my dick out and put it in her face.  She looked up at me
panting, her eyes glazed over, face flush.

     "Open."

     She did and I stuffed my 7 inches in.  I was going to go
crazy.  Her little mouth was so hot that I jammed my cock deep into
her throat blew my wad instantly.
     
     He eyes bulgded in surpise as her throat filled with cum.  She
gagged at first, some cum dripping from her lips, but greedily
gulped the rest of my cum down.

     I pulled out and she dropped her head, panting and exhausted. 
I loosened the rope and slowly let her down to the floor.  She just
laid there on her side in the grime of the floor.  She watched my
every move until I picked her up, then she rested her head on my
shoulder and closed her eyes.

     I carried her to her bed and laid her down.  I went into the
bathroom and got a glob of ky.  When I returned, I spread her legs
and rubbed it into her hole.  She started to mumble and groan.  Her
hips started to gyrate and I knew it was time.  I covered my dick
with ky and climbed on top of her.

     I was carefull to get lined up properly then started to push
it in.  She was so tight, push a little more, "Ohhhh..." her eyes
flew open!  I pushed an inch in, she cried out.

     "Shhh.. it will only hurt a little."

     "Please... jam it in, it hurts like that... just get it in
me..."  with that, I drove my cock home, she screamed out so loud
I thought it would knock the paintings off the walls, but she
started to fuck like I couldn't belive.  The whole time she was
humping, she was sobbing, tears were streaming down her face.

     "nuh.....nuh.... Nuh........ nuuuuuh..... nuh.... NUh... NUH..
NUH.. NUH!!!!  AAARRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"  I poured my jism
into her arched screaming twitching body.  She must have cum like
this for 30 seconds before falling back onto the bed, exhausted and
screwed silly.

     She opened her eyes to look me in the face, "Thanx, I love you
Scott...", kissed me on the lips and fell fast asleep in my arms. 
When we finally awoke, she hugged me and jumped into the shower to
clean up before mom and dad got home.

     "Scott, can we please do this again?  I loved being used like
that... please?"

     Whats a guy to say to a beautiful pleading young girl, "You
got it sis!"

     She hugged me and then rushed me off to the shower.
--

Mr Double

