From - Mon Jan 13 20:47:40 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!news-out.microserve.net!news-in.microserve.net!news-xfer.netaxs.com!news.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!worldnet.att.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com (Mr Double)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: kids03.txt  (mf, inc, cons, bro/sis)
Date: Sun, 12 Jan 1997 22:11:04 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Internacial (R.L.I. Industries)
Lines: 248
Message-ID: <5bbni4$3fi@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
Reply-To: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: dal-tx2-02.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Sun Jan 12  2:11:16 PM PST 1997
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.stories:169914 alt.sex.incest:43440 alt.sex.stories.incest:12395

Double For Nothing!!  Tricks For Free!!!

http://www.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There....



Archive-name: Family/kids03.mfo
Archive-author: Conure
Archive-title: Scott & Bethany - 3: Adventures at the County Fair


     After Scott left my room, I got dressed, leaving on my cum
stained panties for him, just as I promised.  I put on one of my
shortest red cheerleader-like skirts with matching half-shirt,
white lace ankle socks, and saddle shoes.  "If I know Scott, these
socks and no bra would keep him hot all day!"  I could already feel
myself getting wet!

     When I got downstairs and he saw me, I could tell I was right. 
Even dad seemed to be slightly turned on!  He kept looking my legs
up and down, telling me how great I looked!

     Scott was hot too!  Just looking at him in his thin running
shorts, half shirt, and sneakers made me was to suck him off for
breakfast!

     After we ate, Dad drove us to the fair, and I noticed that he
was looking up my skirt in the rear view mirror.  I opened my legs
a little more.  I wondered if he could see the wet spot on my
panties.

     He dropped Scott and I went at the fair, and Dad went to work.

     "Hey sis, remember that guy last year, from Egypt?"

     "Yeah, he had all those cool tin bracelets and anklets," then
it hit me what he was getting at, "he said they were slave bands!"

     "We are going there.  I want you to go up to him and tell him
you want one that symbolizes you love to fuck tied up!"

     I blushed at this, I hate it when I blush!!!  Now my panties
were soaked, I couldn't wait to get to the table!  Finally we were
there.  We looked at the things on the table, all sorts of gold and
silver earrings, bracelets, and anklets.

     "Ello young lady and man!  What can do for you?  Interested in
golt bracelet?"

     Scott nudged me and I blushed again.  I walked around the
table and whispered into the guys ear, "I want an anklet that won't
come off, it has to show that I am a slave!"

     The man pulled away, looked me up and down, then Scott. 
"Oyyyy... come with me young girl and man!"  He called something
out, and a small boy, about 10 or 11 came running into the tent,
dressed only in a towel like wrap around his waste.  We followed
the man.  He led us out behind the sale tent and to a trailer.

     "Young lady, in my domain, all girl go barefooted.. you must
take off shoes and socks!"  I looked at Scott and he nodded to me. 
I took off my shoes and socks right there.  The ground was cool and
a little muddy.  I looked down at my naked feet and he smiled.  He
opened the door and we followed him in.

     In the trailer, he called a girl named Sophia.  She was about
16 and naked.  She had long black hair that went to her butt!  She
entered the room and knelt beside the man.  "How are you two going
to pay?"

     Scott looked at me.  I lifted my skirt and took off my
panties, got onto my knees and offered them to the man.  He took
them and sniffed them and grunted and nodded.  I was really wet now
and could feel my slime running down my legs.  He noticed this too!

     "It is a deal if this boy will strip and suck me."
     Scott looked nervous... I didn't know what he was going to do.

     "Okay, deal off!!!!"

     "No, I'll do it..." he said quietly.  I watched him as he
stripped.  The girl beside the man still looking down at her
crotch.  Scott was now naked in front of the man, his cock sticking
out like a flag pole.  The man stepped forward.  Scott took the
hint and undid the mans zipper and took out his dick.  He took a
deep breath and then started to go down on the man.

     It was only about 30 seconds and the guy grunted and wildly
fucked Scott's face.  Shortly after he emptied his load into
Scott's mouth.

     "Take this girl and get her what she wants, I will keep the
boy here!"

     The girl stood and took my hand and led me into one of the
back rooms.  I took one last look over my shoulder to see Scott on
his hands and knees on the table.  The man was sitting in a chair
beside him stroking his dick and mumbling.

     In the back room, I dropped my shoes and socks onto the floor,
and the girl sat me down on a metal bench.  It sent chills through
my spine as my naked ass touched it.  She pulled over a rolling
table and showed me the anklets.  I couldn't help but to notice how
beautiful she was.  She was tall, dark and slender.  Her mound was
covered by a light down of dark hairs.  I wondered if they were
soft... then I noticed that she had an anklet on.  It was silver
and two inches wide.  I pointed at it.  She stood in front of me,
lifter her long slender leg and set her naked foot on my thigh.

     I touched the anklet with my fingers, letting them play over
it bumps and grooves.  It was Stainless steel, and you couldn't
bend it enough to get it off!  It was great!  There were symbols
embossed into it.  I lowered my head and examined it.  It was and
egyptian woman on her knees with he head on the ground, hands
extended above her head and what looked like stakes driven through
them.  Behind her was a great big winged bird with his huge cock
stuffed into her bent bottom end.  That is the one I wanted!  While
looking closely at it, I let my lips brush her leg, feeling it's
smoothness on my lips.  I let my hand stray up her leg and she
moaned.  I let my hand stray up to her pussy where I slid in a
finger and massaged her clit.

     She dropped her head back and took a deep breath.  In the
matter of seconds she started to spasm, rocking her head back and
forth, holding onto the table so she didn't collapse on her
quivering legs!  She bit her lip so hard and moaned... "ummmb.....
ummmmmmb.... uuuooooop!" was the only sounds she made while she
came.  I slowly took my fingers out of her twat (and she moaned in
disappointment) and stuck them in my mouth.  I couldn't believe how
sweet tasting she was.
     She went over to a cabinet and pulled out the same anklet she
had on.  She got a big thing out that looked like a giant pair of
lock cutters.  She opened it and put the semi-circle of the anklet
into it, slid it over my right leg just above the ankle and clamped
it until it fit close to snug on my leg.  It was tight enough so
that it didn't slide down over my ankle, but I could grow for a
couple more years before having to have it opened a bit!

     Then, she reached up onto the table and pulled another anklet
down, it was a small gold chain with little bells on it.  She put
in on my left ankle and started to kiss and lick my inner thighs. 
She slowly moved up until she got nose by my pussy.

     Her breath made me cum immediately.  I lifted my skirt and
spread my legs wide, the little gold anklet tinkling as I did.  She
used her fingers to spread my pussy lips and licked me into orgasm! 
It was so great, and I couldn't believe it was happening.  I came
three more times before she finished.

     It took me almost five minutes to recover.  When I finally
became conscious enough to see my surroundings again, I noticed she
was touching my lace socks.  I bent over and she shrank away from
me.  I picked them up, got down on my knees and slid the socks onto
feet.

     She looked at me and then at the socks.  She timidly reached
out a finger and touched them.  She smiled at me and gave me a hug
then led me out to the room where I left Scott.

     He had just finished putting his sneakers on when I got out. 
The man grabbed my by the arm and pulled me over to his chair.  He
reached down and grabbed my foot and pulled it up to rest on his
semi-soft cock.  While he inspected the job, I rubbed my foot
against his dick until he was hard.  He rubbed his hands up and
down my leg until he shot his load onto my foot and himself.

     Sophia came over and licked my foot and her old man clean. 
She went over to the door and showed us out.  Once outside, Scott
checked out my new anklet.

     "It's really cool Beth, do you like it?"

     "Yes, but I can't wait to get home!"

     We decided to walk home through the woods instead of taking a
cab.  I walked barefoot, loving the feel of the soft muddy ground
below my feet.

     When we got home, Scott ordered me to strip naked in the
garage.  "Did you fuck Sophia, slut?"

     I lowered my head and looked at my feet, wringing my hands
together... "yes," I said meekly.

     "Come here!" I coward back from him.  He reached forward and
grabbed me by a nipple, yanking me so hard it hurt my arm.  He
produced to pairs of handcuffs and chained my wrists behind my
back, and the other pair locked my ankles together.  The cuffs
around my ankles were too tight, when I began to protest, he put
duct tape over my mouth.

     "Stay!"  I didn't move.  I heard him shuffling around the back
of the garage and then he came back.  He came back and was topless
and barefoot.  In his hands he had a horse crop!  I felt myself
start to cry as he whacked by butt 5 times on each side.

     The pain was incredible.  My eyes stung from the tears, and my
ass stung from the whip.  My tears were burning hot tracks down my
face.  He pushed me down onto my knees and forced my head to the
floor, making sure he rubbed it into an oil slick left from one of
the cars.  With one of his bare feet on my head to hold it down, he
whipped my butt some more.

     I was crying uncontrollably when he stopped.  He got down on
his knees, "Please Scott... more, don't stop..."

     He put his face to mine and said, "Gee Sis, I don't think it
hurt enough, I'm goin' to have to whip your little asshole!"

     And he wasn't kidding, every time he whacked my little
rosebud, the pain was so sharp I came each time.  I wanted him so
badly.  I begged and cried for him to hit me harder.  I called his
name out in a squeal every time the crop hit my hole.  I pleaded
with him to fuck me in my sore little virgin asshole!  I just
wished he would fuck me!  "Please, OW... Sco-ot... OW, OOH!  Fu-
huck meeee... ugh!"  When he was finished, he pulled me up by the
hair and put clothes pins on my nipples.  I cried out from the pain
as my nipples hardened under the pressure.  He grabbed my by the
hair again and dragged me into the living room where he threw me
down on my knees again and fucked my swollen welted ass.  I
screamed and moaned.  When he shot his steaming hot load up my ass
I felt like I got the wind knocked out of me!  My head was reeling
from the pain and pleasure!

     When he was finished, I was dizzy!  I fell on the floor,
dazed, and fell asleep in his arms.  He woke me an hour later,
rubbing my clit.  My hips were already gyrating.

     He climbed onto me and fucked my pussy silly.  I came four
times by the time he emptied his load into me!  I arched my back,
moaning and wriggling... it was too much... His cum was so hot it
felt like it burnt my insides!

     We exchanged kisses for a while, then he unlocked me and let
me clean up.

     My hole was very sore from all the attention it received! 
When I got into the bath room, I spread my legs in front of the
full length mirror, bent over and looked between my legs at my ass. 
My cheeks were covered with welts!  My little asshole was bruised
and swollen, it was very painful to touch!  It was almost
impossible to sit for the next few days, let alone take a shit!

--


