Archive-name: 3plus/kim2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Story of Kim - 2


                               Chapter 2

    The next thing Kim knew, she was on a plane to Los Angeles. The last 
few days had been a whirlwind for her, since she had to quit her job, 
sub-let her apartment, and close her bank accounts.  John took her 
shopping one day, showering her with beautiful clothes and jewelry, 
making sure that she had everything she desired.  He took her to a 
beauty salon, where she had her hair done, her finger and toe nails 
manicured and painted; she had a wonderful full body massage that took 
every kink out of her body, and as a special treat, John had the four 
men who worked in the salon masturbate thick creamy loads of sperm onto 
her shining face, which he tenderly rubbed into every square inch of its 
surface, from her chin to her forehead.  Of course, while he was doing 
this, Kim was wildly plunging her fingers in and out of her wet pussy, 
enjoying several small orgasms.

    But now she was 35,000 feet in the air, dreamily lying back and 
thinking of the excitement she was in store for.  For a while, she laid 
back and watched the clouds stream past the gleaming silver wings, each 
second taking her closer to the magic city of Los Angeles. Suddenly, 
John spoke quietly to her.

    "Kim , have you ever had sex on a plane?"

    "No, no I haven't.  Are you up for something?" she responded 
saucily, her slim fingers tracing a line up his zipper, where she knew a 
full and ready cock waited for her.

    "Well, I'd like to give the men on this flight something to 
remember."  John looked back at the small lavatory. "Hold on, let me 
check something out."

    He got up and walked to the rear of the plane.  "Luck", he thought, 
"the lav is empty."  He motioned for Kim to join him.  In seconds, she 
was by his side.  "Go in, sit on the toilet, and wait.  Better put this 
handkerchief over your blouse, we wouldn't want to stain it now, would 
we?" he said, handing her a fresh white cloth.

    His words made Kim shiver.  She knew he had an oral feast planned 
for her.  She entered the lav, closing but not locking the door.  She 
didn't have long to wait.  A quiet knock on the door, and the first man 
entered.  He was a normal looking businessman, no doubt headed home from 
a trip, or on his way to begin one.  He smiled and gazed down at Kim, 
sitting primly on the lavatory, fully dressed but with a large white 
kerchief tucked in her blouse at her chin.  He handed her a note.

    "This is from John."

    She took the note and unfolded it.

    "Kim, darling, please fellate all the men I send in.  Allow them to 
ejaculate on your face or in your mouth.  Save as much sperm as you can, 
keep it in a plastic cup, and bring it back to our seats when you are 
finished.  John"




    "Well, let's get started, shall we?" she spoke to the man nervously 
standing before her.  He unzipped his pants and drew out a rapidly 
enlarging and hardening penis.  Kim leaned forward, stuck her tongue 
out, and circled the tip of the glans.  She kissed up and down the 
length of the cock, finally drawing the entire organ into her hot and 
wet mouth.  She moved her face all the way down the cock, not stopping 
until her nose was touching the man's zipper.  Up and down, up and down, 
she loved the feel of the hard organ in her mouth.  The man placed his 
hands tenderly on her head, slowly guiding her to and fro on his erect 
member.  For several minutes, not a sound was heard save the slurping 
and sloshing her mouth made on his penis.  Then he shuddered, and spoke 
through clenched teeth.

    "Wh..where do I cum?"

    Kim stopped her back and forth movement, and moved her face from his 
cock. Still stroking it, she placed the tip right on her outstretched 
tongue , as if to say "here, here in my mouth."  The cock pulsed, and 
shot a line of white semen straight into it. Kim heard the jizzum line 
strike the back of her tongue and teeth.  Again it shot, ejaculating a 
stream of wet juice into her mouth.  She stroked the cock, directing the 
lessening spurts into her mouth until the man was dry.  She collected 
the semen pooling over her tongue, and closed her lips, daintily kissing 
the tip of the penis looming over her face.  The man stepped back, 
stuffing his shrinking organ back into his pants.

    "That was fantastic, thank you very much."  Kim could do little but 
smile close-mouthed up at him, and wink.  He turned and moved out of the 
small lavatory.  Kim stood and checked herself in the mirror. Her 
clothes and hair were still spotless.

    "Bet I don't stay this way for long" she thought, swirling the small 
pool of sperm around in her mouth.  She traveled her tongue up over and 
around her teeth and gums, spreading the white goo all over the inside 
of her oral treasurehouse.  Then came another knock on the door.

    The next man in was a young looking college student.  His muscles 
rippled in his shirt, and before Kim could say anything, he placed his 
hand on her shoulder, and sat her down before him.  He unbuckled his 
pants and slid them down to the floor.  His penis sprang up, a  strong 
and healthy eight inches of hard meat.  Kim cocked an eye at him.

    "Open up."

    She did.  He looked at the thin coating of cum over the woman's 
teeth and the white lined tongue.  "Perfect," he said, "stay right like 
that."   Kim placed her hands on her thighs, and leaned back.  The man 
stroked his cock rapidly for several seconds.   "Ok, here it comes, 
baby!" he grunted, and doing so, pointed his cock right at Kim's 
awaiting face.   Spurt one traveled up the length of Kim's face, from 
her chin to her forehead, neatly bisecting her lips and nose.  Spurt two 
he directed at her left cheekbone, watching with fascination as it 
landed with an audible splat and continued up over her eye socket, 
finally coming to rest on her upper eyelash.  Spurt three he did the 
same, only on the right side of her face.  Spurt four he directed at the 
small area just below her nose, above her lips.  Kim felt it drip down 
into her mouth.  Spurt five disappeared into her mouth, joining the 
first man's fluid there.  The next weak spurts were directed onto Kim's 
wet cheeks and chin.  The man made no move to direct any more into her 
mouth.  "Now stay just like that for the next guy, OK?" he demanded of 
her.  Kim kept her face leaned back, so that the lines of sperm on her 
face didn't obey the laws of gravity and drip down onto her clothes.  
She dipped one finger up into the pool over her left eye and cleaned it 
up, so she could reopen the eye.  She sucked her finger tip into her 
mouth, sliding the wet white cum off it.  The man reached into his 
jacket pocket and produced a small camera.  "Nobody's gonna believe this 
unless I get a picture."  He pointed the camera at Kim's cum covered 
face, snapping several close up shots, focusing on the lines of sperm 
draped on her features.  The last one he took while draping his penis 
over her bottom lip, with her eyes looking straight into the camera.  
Then he finished, pulled up his trousers and thanking Kim profusely, 
left the small lavatory.

    The next man entered almost immediately.  "Damn," he swore softly, 
amazed at the scene that greeted him. Here was a strikingly beautiful 
blond woman, fully clothed in the lavatory of a speeding airliner, her 
face covered with the ejaculated semen of a complete stranger.

    "Baby, you look super with that jizz all over your face.  Why you 
doing this?"

    "I love to suck cock.  I love to have men cum on my face.  I love to 
eat cum.  What other reason do I need?"

    The man didn't answer, except to drop his pants, extract his long 
thin penis, and direct it into her mouth.  Kim dutifully sucked his warm 
meaty tool, slurping it into her mouth over and over, until the man 
jerked and shuddered, spitting several streams of cum into her mouth, to 
join the growing amount already there.

    He left quickly.  Kim looked around, found a cup, and drooled the 
semen into it.  As she did, the fourth man entered.  He took one look at 
the beautiful woman's face covered with cum and the small amount 
collected in the glass.

    "I want to come on your face." he spoke calmly.  "Jerk me off on 
your face."

    Kim reached out a strong hand, circling the cock pointing at her 
features.  She slid her hand up and down the shaft several times, all 
the while gazing dreamily up at the visitor.  For several seconds, she 
jerked the man off, aiming the purplish head right at her cum covered 
visage.  Then she felt the vein pulse, and a stream of white shot out, 
draping itself over her nose and onto her forehead.  The next stream 
traveled up over her lips and across her left cheek. She calmly sprayed 
the cum over her features, feeling it mix in with the rapidly cooling 
lines deposited by the second man.

    Finally the man finished.  Kim moved the glass up and around her 
face, drooling the semen into it.  The level rose visibly.  What didn't 
enter the glass was smoothed into her now shining skin.  She swallowed 
smoothly.



    "Wasn't that fun?" she said to the man.  "Ever had a girl jerk you 
off right onto her face before?"  She was amused at his bewildered 
outlook.

    "No, can't say that I ever did.  But you did it like you meant it, 
I'll say that.  It was great."  While he spoke, the man collected his 
pants and left.

    The next visitor was, surprisingly, a young woman of about 20. She 
didn't say a word, except to drop to her knees and push Kim's skirt up 
over her waist.  She reached up and pulled the waiting woman's panties 
down, over her trim legs and down around her shoes.  She then spread 
Kim's knees apart, leaned forward, and sank her hot tongue directly into 
Kim's now-steaming gash.

    "Oh GODDDDD.." Kim cried, orgasming immediately at the feel of the 
hot muscle on her vulval lips.  "DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT!" she moaned , 
squirming her pussy over the young girl's face.  She felt the tongue 
search out and circle her budding clitoris, then felt her clit drawn 
into the young mouth much like the penises of late had invaded her own. 
She felt it sucked and pulled with the voracious appetite that only a 
woman knows.  She came again and again, while the girl worked on her 
clit and pussy lips.  She clutched at the girl's head, twining her cummy 
hands in her hair, pulling the face at her lap into and around her 
genital area.

    Again and again Kim bucked into the girl's sucking mouth, feeling 
wave after wave of glorious orgasm coursing through her body. She felt 
the hot wet tongue slide in and out of her spasming cunt, swiping up and 
down the pulsating lips.  Her clit was entwined in the tip of the 
tongue, then was washed lightly with spit and blown on with the hot 
breath of the young girl. Finally the girl pulled away.  She looked up 
at Kim's face with adoring eyes.

    "Your friend told me what you were doing. I got so excited I just 
had to come in and be a part of it.  I hope you enjoyed it."

    Kim could barely speak.  Sweat mingled with the cool sperm on her 
face. She brought a slim finger up to collect some of the cum deposited 
at her hairline, then down the girl's face.

    "Have some. It's delicious."  The girl opened her mouth, and sucked 
in the wet, white digit with relish.

    "Ummm, so it is" she said, pulling back and swallowing, leaving 
Kim's finger absolutely spotless.

    She stood, straightened her dress, patted her hair back into place, 
and wishing Kim well, walked out of the lavatory.

    The door didn't have time to close.  The next man in was a tall 
black man in jeans and a flannel shirt.

    "Hey, honey, the man tells me you want to suck some cock. Is that 
right?"



    Kim nodded "That's right, babe, I want your juice.  You can cum all 
over my face, or in my mouth, or both.  Just give me your cum." She 
reached out and guided his zipper down, then wormed her hand into his 
pants.  He undid the top clasp, and spread them down over his thighs.

    Kim extracted his rapidly hardening penis.  It grew in her hand to 
an astounding nine inches.

    "Wow, that's quite a tonsil tickler you have.  I sure hope I can do 
you justice.." Kim whispered in awe.

    "I don't have any doubts you will, pretty lady.  Just start sucking 
it and we'll see how you do."

    Kim pulled the man closer, and opened her mouth wide.  The man 
looked down.  He saw her white-rimmed lips pull back over her teeth. He 
glimpsed the coating of slimy white sperm on her tongue.  He leaned 
forward, and watched the first three inches of his cock move like a 
battering ram into the woman's mouth.  Kim gurgled, adjusted her jaws, 
and forced her head farther and farther down the slick shaft of the 
cock.  Gradually, her lips moved closer and closer to the kinky black 
hair at its' base.  Her lips moved over the cock shaft, pulling the 
organ inexorably deeper and deeper into her mouth.  She felt the bulbous 
head slide over her well lubricated tongue, then stop momentarily at the 
top of her throat.  She craned her head to look up at the man.  This 
action also had the result of straightening the path the cock was 
taking.  She paused.

    "Go ahead.  All the way down. I know you can do it.  I want to feel 
your tonsils at the tip." the man said.

    Kim snorted in a breath of air through her nose, and pushed. The 
head rammed the back of her throat, then slipped down past the base of 
her tongue into the very top of her esophagus.  Still she could feel 
three or four inches of cock exposed to air.  Gulping down the saliva 
built up in her mouth, Kim forced her head forward.  She felt the huge 
organ slide down her throat, until her neck bulged with the outline of 
the man's penis.  He put his hand down to her neck, tracing the outline 
with his fingers.

    "Sheeeeit, you're really doin' it!" he gasped, amazed at the oral 
hunger of the woman.  He watched her lips move down, finally to come to 
rest at the base of his cock, nuzzling the dark curly pubic hairs.

    Kim had to stop. She felt impaled on his cock, as though she were 
trying to swallow a baseball bat.  She swallowed several times, feeling 
the cock pulse and her blood pound.  The she slowly slurped back up the 
cock.  Inch after inch retreated from her face, until just the tip was 
imprisoned behind her loving lips.  She reached up and placed the man's 
hands on her head, and allowed him to roughly fuck her face with the 
outer half of his dick.  A few times, he slowly fed the entire length 
down into her raw throat as the woman looked up at him.

    Finally he shuddered and moaned.

    "It's cummin' baby, it's cummin..." he groaned.


    Kim felt the tip of the cock, some three inches down her gullet, 
expand, then pulse with the first ejaculation of sperm.  It rocketed 
straight down her throat. She quickly pulled back, as the cock continued 
to spasm.  One spurt let loose as the head backed up out of her throat, 
bathing her tonsils with a white layer of semen.   As the tip moved back 
across her tongue, another jet escaped, sliming her mouth and back 
teeth.  Finally she had the tip at her lips.  She spit it out, leaned 
back, and moaned.

    "Oh god cum on my face you black monster cum on my face" she groaned 
deliriously.  The man was only too glad to oblige.  He aimed his 
spurting prick at her nose, and shot a line of white sperm right up 
along the bridge between her eyes, the end disappearing into her hair.  
He moved left, leaving a line across her cheekbone.  He aimed the head 
up a bit, decorating her forehead with sperm. He moved down, splattering 
her lips with streams of hot wet goo.   The explosions of jizzum went on 
for several seconds, streaming over Kim's lovely features and decorating 
her face until there was barely any dry skin left on it.  As the juice 
dwindled down, Kim opened her mouth, and the man directed the last few 
dribbles into it.  Shaking his cock, the drips and drops flew into the 
dark cavern below it. Finally he was empty.

    Kim could do nothing but gasp with excitement.  Her face was 
literally covered with semen.  Lines led up her cheekbone, from jaw to 
eye.  Her nose was dripping with the stuff.  Some had even leaked into 
her ears.  She leaned over and grabbed the cup sitting next to her on 
the lavatory, and moved it over her face, collecting as much of the 
sperm as she could.  She smiled up at the man.

    "Jeeze, what a load! Where did you ever come up with all that stuff? 
I thought I was gonna drown !"

    "Hey honey, I always cum that much.  Must be something genetic, eh?" 
he said with a laugh, stuffing his now shrunken, but well satisfied cock 
back into his pants.  "My girlfriend says I must have three balls."

    Kim giggled as she finished slurping the sperm off her face and from 
around her lips.  She swallowed a time or two, to clear her throat and 
satiate her parched mouth.

    "I don't think I've ever seen as much cum in one shot as that" she 
spoke, looking up at him in awe.  "I loved it!"

    "Babe, you are one hot woman, you know that? Most gals would'a 
pulled back and moved outa the way of the old firehose there, but you 
just hung in there and took it right in the face. You looked like you 
was havin' some sort of religious experience or something."

    Kim could do nothing but nod in agreement.  To her, the feeling she 
got when a man sprayed his sperm on her face was wonderful.  She knew it 
was odd, no doubt rare, for a woman to enjoy that, but she did and she 
felt no qualms about it.

    She looked at the cup in her hand. It was nearly three-quarters full 
of sperm.  She sloshed it around, and placed it on the small sink next 
to her.  She rubbed the remaining small amount of jizz on her face into 
her skin, feeling its' smooth and wet coolness on her fingertips.  She 
checked herself in the mirror.
    There were several splotches of cum in her hair now, and her lips 
were still rimmed with white.  She licked them with her tongue to clean 
them off, and sat back down, anxious for the next man to arrive.

    The door opened , and two men entered quickly.  They crowded into 
the small head.

    "Would you like to suck us both off at the same time," one man spoke 
"or one at a time?  We can do either.."

    Kim looked up at them confidently.  "I can do you both at the same 
time, if you'd like.  I think I can handle it."

    So saying, she reached up with both hands and pulled down two 
zippers.  She undid each man's belt and loosened his pants, so they slid 
down around his ankles.  Underwear followed.  Grabbing the two hardening 
cocks with each hand, Kim pulled them towards her face. She maneuvered 
them up close to her mouth, and opened it as wide as she possibly could.  
Moving the two cock heads together, she fastened her lips to them, and 
pushed her head downwards.

    Maybe it was the service she had just provided to the enormous black 
stud, but Kim felt her mouth expand easily to cover and envelope the two 
dicks. She slid her tongue into the groove between them, and slowly 
traveled down the length of the twin stalks in her hands.  The cocks 
were nearly the same size and thickness, making the lips-on-skin journey 
easier.

    She gurgled deep in her mouth as the two cocks forced their way into 
her face, shoving closer together as they neared the narrowed opening at 
the back of her throat.  She moved her hand away from them as they 
neared the end of their journey.  No matter how wide her lips or how 
broad her mouth, there was still one anatomical impossibility - getting 
two cocks down into her esophagus at one time.  They hit bottom at the 
top of her throat.  Kim paused there for a moment, reveling in the new 
feel of two cocks at once in her mouth. She could feel the men quiver 
and vibrate with excitement.  Slowly she backed up off the double 
donging, finally spitting the matched set out at the very end.  She 
looked up at the men.

    "What I'll do is give each of you about ten strokes apiece.  I want 
to keep you both at the same level, so you shoot off at just about the 
same time. Think you can do that?"

    "No problem,", said one man, "just keep on sucking, we'll do the 
rest."

    Kim took a deep breath. Opening her mouth wide, she slid easily down 
the left hand cock.  Face to pubic hair, lips to base, she swallowed the 
dick easily.  She felt the head brush past her tonsils and snake down 
her throat. Swallowing convulsively, she gave the man her best shot. 
Milking his penis with her throat, Kim did all she could to bring the 
man up to a heightened level of sexual charge. Again and again, ten 
times in all, she throated the cock.  Popping her face off the first 
cock, she repeated the action on the other.  The men stood closely 
together, enjoying the feel and sight of the lovely blonde sitting in 
front of them, performing the ultimate in sexual service.  After just 
thirty strokes on each cock, one man grunted.

    "Oh, honey, that's too much.  Here I come!!!"

    He grasped his cock from Kim's clutching hand.  Quickly the other 
man did the same.  They moved forwards.  Kim opened her mouth widely, 
and stuck out her tongue.  The two cockheads rested on it.  One shook - 
a stream of white sperm shot out, striking the back of her throat and 
falling down into her stomach before any thing else could happen. Then 
the other one pulsed it's first load.  This time Kim was ready. She 
folded her tongue back, closing the back of her mouth off, and let the 
twin heads rest on her lower lip. A streamer of cum struck the back of 
her tongue and pooled in the bottom of her mouth.  Suddenly, her mouth 
was full to overflowing with the jettings of the men.  She leaned back, 
and felt wet streams of cum strike her face.  One ribbon shot up along 
her cheekbone, coming to rest in a small blob just under her eye.  
Another traveled up the bridge of her nose.  A third struck her square 
in the forehead before splitting into many tiny drops in the front of 
her hair.  Again and again she felt her face doused with the sexual 
fluids of the two men.  Soon her eyes were daubed with the stuff, and 
her cheeks and lips were covered with small trails of cum.  The men 
painted her face like a canvas. She felt the cum loop onto her lips and 
chin, slide off her nose, and splatter into her hair over and over.  She 
felt the wet blobs rain gently down onto her nose and chin. For several 
seconds, the air above her face was cloudy with the ejaculate of the two 
handsome men before her.

    Finally, they finished.  Kim laid back and panted, exhausted at the 
ordeal and flushed with the cum of the men that had splattered her face.

    "Ohhh god that was tremendous... I feel so fucking slimy, I love 
it!" she breathed.

    "Lady, you are one fine fox, you know that?" one man spoke.  "I have 
never seen a woman take so much cum without flinching in my life, and 
I've seen a lot of it, believe me."

    Kim reached over to the cup of cum resting on the sink, and ran it 
over and around her face, collecting up the tremendous amount of semen 
that decorated her.  The cup filled up almost to the rim.  She never 
even noticed the men leave, she was so absorbed in her task.  Swallowing 
roughly, she felt several collected spurts slowly coat her throat and 
mouth, traveling down to join the remaining juice in her stomach.

    The cup could hold no more.  It contained close to six ounces of 
semen, the mixed spendings of half a dozen virile men.  Kim stood and 
looked at herself in the mirror.  Her face seemed wet with sweat, yet 
she knew what it really was. Taking a small towel, she dried it as best 
she could, taking care to smooth out the cum drops in her hair.  She 
quickly applied some fresh makeup and lipstick, straightened her hair, 
and left the lavatory.

    Walking up the aisle back to her first class seat, she knew she was 
being stared at by nearly everyone in the back of the plane, women with 
envy or hatred, men with lust and awareness.

    She sat back down next to John.

    "Look at this." she said to him, showing him the clear plastic cup 
of sperm in her hand. "I filled the glass."

    "Very good.  Did you have a good time with the little lady I sent 
back?" John inquired.

    "Oh, yes indeed. I came about 50 times I bet!  Now what?"

    John just looked at her. She felt his gaze for a few seconds, then 
she knew, really KNEW, what to do.  Motioning for the stewardess, she 
raised the glass up.

    "Miss, could I have some ice in this please?  And be careful, don't 
spill it, please."

    The stewardess took the glass almost without looking at it, and 
walked to the small galley behind them.

    When she returned, she had a quizzical look on her face. "Is this 
what I think it is?" she whispered to Kim.

    "You bet honey, A-number 1 prime jizz from half the guys on this 
plane." Kim whispered back conspiratorially.  "And I love it over ice."

    So saying, she tipped the glass back and took a healthy swig of the 
cooling juice. The stewardess's eyes widened, and she involuntarily 
swallowed herself.

    The stew reddened, and abruptly turned away, walking rapidly to the 
back of the plane.

    "I bet she's going back to the john and finger with herself silly" 
John whispered.

    "I love it!" said Kim.  And she spent the rest of the flight slowly 
sipping the sperm cocktail from the glass.

--
