Archive-name: 3plus/kim4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Story of Kim - 4


                                    Chapter 4

    Kim soaked her glistening body in the tub, and idly fingered her curly
pubic hair.  She was anxious to get to the working party Andy was having, yet
was also somewhat apprehensive.  She was unsure of how she would be received
by the established actors and actresses that she expected to meet there.  She
raised one smooth leg and ran her hands down it, from her calf to her upper
thighs, smoothing the water droplets off into the suds around her. She picked
up a razor from the edge of the tub and dipped it into the water.  Slowly, she
shaved the pubic hair from around her vaginal lips, leaving them completely
bare. She trimmed back the bush until just a small pad of hair remained above
her vulval opening.

    "There, that should get their attention a little.." she thought to
herself.  Pulling apart her cunt lips, she inserted the tip of one finger into
her pussy, moving it around and feeling the lubrication begin to wet the
opening even more.  She teased the erect nubbin of her clitoris with the top
of her thumb, shoving it in and around the flaps of highly sensitized skin
that surrounded it. Slowly, her sexual tension increased until it burst over
her insides like a bubble, causing her entire body to go limp and float
languorously in the steaming tub.

    Climbing out a few minutes later, she dried herself completely, and went
into the bedroom to dress.  Selecting a blue leather minidress that zipped up
the side of her body, she held it in her hands and put it to her body,
checking out her reflection in the mirror.  The dress came to mid-thigh on her
legs, and was skin tight. The upper part flared to climb her ribcage and
surround the bottom halves of her breasts. The zipper started on the side at
the bottom, and curved up her body to end up between her tits.

    She climbed into it, not bothering with panties or bra. Zipping it up to
just below her breasts, she decided to show as much cleavage as she thought
she could legally get away with.  The cold zipper against her skin gave a
slight chill to her.  The top of the dress reached to just above her now erect
nipples, so that if she leaned forward at all, it fell away just enough to
allow a lucky onlooker to see straight down to her stomach.

    As Kim drove to the address in West Hollywood that Andy had given her, she
mentally prepared herself for the night she expected to have. "I'll probably
eat a half gallon of cum before they're done with me, and get my pussy
thoroughly creamed. And something tells me that my nice tits are going to get
wet as well. This might be an interesting introduction to the world of fuck
films..."

    She found the address without too much trouble, and drove her car up the
winding driveway. The house was set well back from the road, shaded by large
palms and other ornamental landscaping.  It was not large by Los Angeles
standards, but seemed very nice.  Andy himself met her at the door, and
welcomed her with open arms.

    "Kim, Kim, glad to see you again. You're right in time to meet some of the
other actors in the film.  Come with me into the living room, and I'll
introduce you around."  He took her hand after kissing her wetly on the lips,
and they walked through the house to the living room.  It opened on a pool
area, where Kim saw several people standing and talking among themselves. The
living room itself was open and cheery-feeling, with several large couches and
overstuffed chairs around a sunken conversation pit. A brick fireplace stood
in one corner.  Interesting graphic artwork hung on the walls.  All in all, it
didn't look like the room a major porno film director might have, and Kim
mentioned this to Andy.

    "Well, we do live fairly normal lives when we're not behind the camera,
you know. We pay our taxes, send out for pizza, and all the stuff regular
people do.  It's just that our chosen profession involves photographing people
having sex. Big deal, right?  C'mon, I want you to meet some people.

    He took her by the hand and led her out to the pool area. Kim noticed on
man standing with a drink in his hand, dressed in chino slacks and a white
shirt. He looked familiar, but she couldn't quite place him.  Andy walked them
up to him and said "Hey Jack, I'd like to introduce you to the girl that's
going to shake up the industry like nothing since Linda Lovelace. This is Kim
Armstrong, and she has a special talent that, if we're nice, she might just
show us later on. Kim, this is Jack Bender. He's a major star of porno films,
in case you haven't seen any of his work.

    Suddenly, Kim remembered where she'd seen him - in a video at the book
store earlier that day - he was assfucking a cute little Asian girl next to a
fireplace.

    "Pleased to meet you Kim," he said, gazing fondly at her ripe body. "Nice
outfit, very nice.."  He made an act of raising up on his toes to look down
into the dress.  Kim blushed and accepted his hand.

    "It's nice to meet you, Jack. I must say I've seen some of your work, and
I'm sure we'll have fun working together."

    They talked of this and that for a few moments, and then Andy took her
around to meet most of the other people at the house. She met three other men
who were to appear in the picture with her, Tom Watson, Bill Jones, and Kevin
Williams, and three women, Debbie O'Connell, Anne Baker and Lois Miller, who
acted under the stage name of Cherry Blossom.  After a bit, they all wandered
back into the living room, and the people sat around while Andy passed out
rough copies of the script for the movie.

    "Now I realize that some of you haven't worked together before, and Kim is
new to all of you.  Let's talk about what we will be planning for the movie."
They read through the script quickly, joking and making comments about the
situations they'd be put into.

    "Hey, I'm not sure I like the idea of fucking on the rocks at the beach -
last time I did that, I got my ass scraped off," laughed Lois, causing Andy to
let her know that this time, she'd have a blanket or air mattress or
something. "Lord knows you could stand to lose a few pounds back there,
anyway," he said with a grin.  Lois threw a pillow at him.

    Finally, they'd had enough of the movie talk. Andy suggested they play a
game of 'guess the cock' - "It's simple, " he said, "we blindfold the women,
they get on their knees, and the guys offer some hard meat for them to suck
on.  Whoever guesses right gets a fuck from the guy. If they guess wrong, they
get a faceful of cum instead, and they're not allowed to jerk off themselves.
Kim, since you've never seen them in the flesh, we'll give you a bit of an
introductory session.."


    The men quickly stood and stripped. Soon the room boasted of six hard
cocks, proudly standing at attention.  Kim walked slowly around the men,
feeling the hard shafts, running her hand up and down them to gauge the length
and thickness of each.  The men moved their hips in time with her stroking,
anxious for the game to begin.  Finally, Kim said she was familiar enough with
them to begin the game.  Andy brought some couch pillows over, and laid four
of them on the floor in a row.

    "OK, ladies, on the pillows, please." He blindfolded each one of them with
silk napkins. On the floor knelt Kim, Lois, Anne and Debbie. Four of the men
arranged themselves in front of the kneeling women.  Kevin offered his cock to
Anne, Jack slowly inserted his slightly leaking pecker to the mouth of Debbie.
Bill walked up to Kim and stuck his dick to her lips. Tom did the same with
Lois. At Andy's command, they all stroked forward at the same time.

    "In... hold it...out...in..hold it..out..in..ohh, that's good Lois, get it
all in if you can."

    The men stroked in and out of the quartet of warm mouths for several long
seconds.

    "Now if any of you girls think you can identify the cock you've got, raise
your hand. Your partner will then withdraw, and you give the name. If you're
right, you get a nice hot fuck. If you're wrong, well, you get splashed
royally. And oh, by the way, we'll remove the blindfold so you get the watch
the cum spurt real close up"  added Andy.

    Debbie was slurping up and down the cock she had been presented with,
spreading saliva up and down the shaft. She backed off to the head of the cock
and licked her tongue all around the top of the glans, drawing a bead of
pre-cum out of the pisshole and rolling it around her lips to help lubricate
them. Her unknown partner grunted and hissed through his teeth, careful not to
utter a sound that would be identifiable. Debbie grunted herself, and shoved
her face forward, down the entire length of the cock until her lips met pubic
hair. The cock buried itself down the length of her face and into her throat.
She withdrew and then again swallowed the jutting prick into her warm oral
cave.  Suddenly, she raised her hand and pulled off the penis slowly.

    "OK, Debbie, you think you know who you have?" asked Andy, chuckling.

    "Umm, yea, " she said, swallowing thickly several times to clear her
mouth. "This has gotta be Kevin's big cock, I'd know it anywhere."

    Andy laughed. "Ok, well, take off your blindfold and see".

    She quickly tore the covering off her eyes. "Oh, shit, Jack! When did you
get so big, you son of a bitch?" she laughed.

    "I guess it's just that you really inspired me. Now get ready for the
facial you deserve, you slut cocksucker, you" he replied laughingly.

    "OK, but try not to get any in my eyes, it really stings when that
happens."




     She leaned back on her heels and offered her sweaty, but pretty face as
the target for Jack's stroking.  He fisted his powerful cock several times,
and then yelled "Oh shit I'm cummin', I'm cummin' on your face right....
about... NOW".  A powerful gout of semen shot out of his cock and sprayed up
the length of Debbie's face. She shrieked in surprise, and opened her mouth to
catch the next rope of goo. It pulsed out of the prick and flew into her
mouth, catching on her upper teeth and dripping down to her tongue.

    "Oh, now you don't, bitch, you take it ON your face." Jack moved his
spraying cock around so that the girl couldn't capture any more of the sperm
in her mouth. He shot a wad of jizz that landed on her forehead above her left
eye and dribbled down over her eyelid. Debbie quickly closed the eye. Another
stream shot out and hosed over her nose and cheek. Finally Jack's orgasm
ended, and he slowly drew the remaining drops of semen out of his cock, which
he now draped over Debbie's pert nose and slimed it around her face.

    "Oh yeah, lover, give it to me now, " she said , "give me that warm load
of jizz."  Debbie was entranced by the process, and she raised her hands to
smear the sperm around on her face. She swallowed the small amount that had
found her mouth, and then yawningly engulfed the slowly softening penis before
her.

    "Well done, Jack, a fine job.  Debbie, I hope you learn from this
experience" Andy said with mock seriousness. "OK, you two are out of the
competition for the moment."  Jack offered his hand to Debbie to help her to
her feet, kissed her warmly, put his arm around her waist.

    "Howabout a quick fuck as a consolation prize anyway? I'd love to eat your
pussy for a while while I recover" he asked her.

    "Great, I could use a nice hot cock right about now, my cunt is leaking
like a sieve."  She led him over to the sofa, stepping out of her short skirt
on the way to reveal a pair of wispy white lace panties.  They soon joined her
skirt on the floor. She sat on the sofa with her long legs spread wide open,
and motioned for Jack to get to work on her snatch. He fell to his knees in
front of her and buried his face in her bush, and began licking her slit
hungrily.

    Meanwhile, the other contestants were back at work. The other three men
had pulled out of the mouths attached to their cocks to watch Jack come on
Debbie's face. Like any other red-blooded males, the scene aroused them even
further.  As a consequence, Kevin was on the verge of coming himself.  Luckily
for him , his partner Anne raised her hand.  She was fairly certain that she
had Kevin, but her kinky nature forced her to guess wrong on purpose.

    "Let's see, is it Bill?" she asked.

    "Wrongo, my lady," said Kevin, stroking his nearly erupting cock with one
hand and removing her blindfold with the other. "And for that, you get
face-sprayed by the monster load of cum I've been saving all day..." Anne
moved her mouth up right to the end of his cock.





    "Ok, fucker, stroke that thing and cum right in my face, I want your cum
on me, please please please squirt on my face, right here.." She placed her
index finger on the tip of her tongue. "right here on my tongue for the first
load, then spurt the rest on my face, get it up my nose and all over my cheeks
and lips, c'mon fucker cum on me" she whispered quickly to the boiling Kevin.

    Just as she wished, the prick pulsed a long stream of cum straight into
her open mouth, splashing wetly inside and falling down into her belly.  Kevin
obligingly aimed his pulsing dick around, spraying her adoring face with his
orgasmic juices.  The amount of semen he loosed on her was tremendous,
obviously the result of a relatively long period of abstinence.  Semen
splashed on Anne's face in warm liquid lines, spreading over her cheeks and
across the bridge of her nose.  It streamed into her hair and one jet pulsed
into her ear when she tossed her head in delight. Her red hair shone with the
lines of sperm crossing into it. Finally Kevin finished unloading his love
juice on the pretty girl on her knees in front of him.

    "Oh god that was great, my love, just fanfuckingtastic" he said glowingly.
"You can suck my cock any time of the day, don't even need to ask."

    Anne left the cum slowly sliding down her face and moved over to where
Lois was busy sucking away on Tom's long thin cock.  She moved up close to her
and let her wet face rub on Lois's. "Here, dear, have some cum just in case
you guess right. I know how much you love the cream."  Lois moved her face in
circles next to Anne's, smearing the cum between the faces of the two women.
She backed off the cock with her and raised her hand.

    "OK, Lois, you think you know. Since there are just the two of you left,
Kim, you stop too. Both of you back off, leave your blindfolds on until I tell
you to take them off."  They did so.  "Ok, Lois, who do you think you have?"

    "I think this is Bill."

    "Kim, how about you?"

    "Well, actually, I think this is Bill. Tom's cock seemed thinner than
this..."

    "Well, one of you is wrong, obviously, " grinned Andy. "The lucky girl who
gets it right gets fucked, the other one gets to get splashed by her partner,
and since I've been here watching this sexy scene with no fine lady to suck my
cock.."

    "Awww, poor baby,"  Lois interrupted.

    "I'm gonna join in coming on her face as well, so she gets two healthy
loads.  OK, take the blindfolds off!"

    Kim squealed in happiness.

     "Yes! I knew it was you, Bill, you've got a great dick to suck, just the
right length and thickness."



    Lois on the other hand, was not so happy.

    "Fuck, Tom, was that you all this time? "

    'You bet, baby, and now you're gonna get it."

    Andy moved over to the couple, stroking his hard cock. "Let's see if we
can come at the same time, buddy, and give this lady her wet reward."

    The two men aimed their penises at the kneeling porno queen.  She looked
up at them with shining eyes.

    "Ok you fuckers, but you better make it good, and afterwards I want a good
fuck and a good pussy licking from the both of you-"

    Before she could finish a rainstorm of semen rushed toward her open mouth
and face, covering it with a lather of white liquid. Sperm rushed into her
mouth before she could close it off, coating her tongue and teeth with a filmy
cover. Lines of sperm crisscrossed her famous face, a face that launched a
thousand cums in theaters and living rooms across the nation. Andy pulsed
several strong jets of jizz onto her lips and cheeks, and Tom did the same,
both men combining to cover her face like a mask. Anne held her hands up to
either side of her face as they sprayed it, smoothing the cream into her skin
with practiced abandon.

    "Oh yea do it to me, I love it, I need it, more cum , more cum..." she
breathed hoarsely.  Andy shot a stream into her mouth as it opened like a
summer flower before his pollinating prick.  She swallowed it hungrily and
stuck her tongue out for more, which Tom was pleased to provide her. He fed
her face a string of cum that looped down over her chin before she could slurp
it all in.  But, like all good things, the dual orgasms came to an end all too
quickly.

    The lovers collapsed together on the floor, Andy inserting his strong
fingers into Lois's wet cunt and beginning to slide them in and out. Bill
looked at Kim.

    "Well, honey shall we repair to the bedroom for a little privacy, or would
you prefer to just stay out here?"

    By way of an answer, Kim unzipped her dress and let it fall away from her
lovely body. Bill whistled in appreciation, and she smiled at him.

    "Let's get it on right now, I'm hotter than hell after all that." She
thrust the pillow under her hips and lay down over it, pulling the still hard
prick of her partner directly into her steaming snatch.  Bill groaned as he
sank his cock fully into the lovely woman beneath him.  Supporting himself on
his toes and fingertips, he lovingly fed every inch of his cock into her.  Kim
moaned in ecstasy as he set off a quick orgasm in her supercharged cunt.  Bill
pistoned his prick in and out of the wet pussy attached to him with blinding
speed, shoving the hard meat up into Kim's body like a madman.

    "Oh yes fuck me fuck me fuck me fuckme fuckme fuckme!"

    Andy watched easily as Kim accepted the pounding of the prick into her
cunt, watched as she rolled her hips up to meet his thrusts, watched as Bill
could take it no more and finally shoved his cock all the way up inside Kim's
body and tensed as the warm cum shot out of his cock into her.  Kim screamed
with the rush of orgasm as she felt the seed embed itself in her womb.  Bill
groaned with the feeling of release and fulfillment, and with the pleasure
known only to those who are fucking. Finally, he was completely spent, and
slowly withdrew the length of his shrinking cock from her tube. A small
trickle of sperm followed it out as Kim's thighs clenched and unclenched
around it. Bill kissed her on the lips and murmured into her ear as the two of
them came down from the heights.  He rolled her off the pillow until they were
both flat on the floor.

    "Welcome to our world, Kim."  She could only sigh in response.

    As the couples around the room finished off the last of the orgasmic
thrusts and flushes they so obviously were undergoing, they rested and
finished drinks to refresh themselves.  The women toweled off their spermy
faces, and dried the goop running from between their legs, if they were lucky
enough to have gotten a straight fucking from one of the men.

    As they rested, Andy got up and placed a video tape into the VCR above the
large TV in the corner. "Hey everyone, listen up. Kim came by the office this
morning to meet me and we had a rather interesting time. I asked her about
this and that, and she ended up describing her first cum shower. I got so hot
that I...well, you'll see.  Guys, I think you'll really enjoy this."  The
assembly watched closely as Kim's cum-lined face came into focus. As they
watched her recite her love of facial cum shots and eating sperm, the guys in
the audience hooted with delight.

    "Ho boy, Kim, that is really fucking tremendous!"

    "Yeah, just you wait, I'll feed you some cum that'll be running out of
your ears by the time we're finished."

    "Oh baby, yes, eat my cum for breakfast, lunch and dinner!"

    Kim blushed at the good-natured ribbing she was getting, and glanced at
Andy. He winked at her and bowed his head with mock embarrassment.

    "C'mon guys, lighten up here.  You're acting like you never saw a cum shot
before or something..."

    Bill said "What's this I hear from John about you going to a swing club
and drinking a huge glassful of cum from 30 or so guys? What the hell was that
all about?"

    The rest of the gang encouraged her to tell the story.

    "Well, I'd heard of this swing club that meets every other Saturday night
at a house back home in New York, and managed to contact one of the leaders of
the group.  He mentioned that they occasionally have contests of some sort or
another, and it turns out that they were having a contest that very Saturday
night - to see how much cum a girl could hold in her mouth! I had to get in on
that, so I went there and won.  I think there were about 35 or so loads in my
mouth when I finished."

    "You mean you kept 35 loads of cum in your mouth at one time, without
swallowing any?" asked an astonished Debbie.

    "Yeah, well, once you get used to it, it isn't that hard." she giggled at
the play on words.

    "That's gotta be an amazing feeling, that much sperm in your mouth at one
time.  What were you thinking of?" queried one of the men.

    "Well, actually, the thought occurred to me that I probably had enough
'little spermies' , as I call them, to repopulate the entire country. That was
an amazing feeling, when you think about it," answered the blushing Kim.

    "John told me you guys wouldn't believe the talents of our new friend
here, so I thought, if it's OK with you, Kim, that we'd have a little dry run
tonight - or should I say 'wet run'.   The rest of the troops should be
arriving any minute now."

    As if on cue, the front door bell rang.  Andy excused himself to answer
it, and momentarily returned with a group of muscular young men. Kim shrieked
with amazement.

    "Kim, I'd like to introduce the entire University of Palmdale football
team - offense and defense, mind you, 22 horny guys that we got together for
you.  Would you care to drain the cum from their cocks?"

    Kim could only stammer "I..I..I.oh what the hell, why not! But here's the
rules - I'm gonna make myself comfortable on a chair here, and I want a tongue
on my clit and pussy the whole time, I don't care who's it is.  A finger or
two now and then wouldn't hurt, either.  Guys, " she directed her orders to
the 22 men who were quickly shedding their clothes, "I'd prefer to suck you
off one by one, you'll all get your turn, and anyone who can cum back for
seconds or thirds before we're through is welcome. You can jerk yourself off,
or get sucked, it doesn't matter. Just remember that my mouth will be getting
full of cum pretty fast, so don't be shoving those cocks in too far, or you'll
make me swallow it all. If you jerk off, try to get most of it in my mouth,
there'll be plenty of room, and I'll hold my mouth as wide open as possible.
Any questions?"

    There were none, just a lot of cheers from the men.  Counting the six guys
already at the party, there were now 28 hard or semi-hard cocks taking up
space in the living room.  Kim sat down on one of the comfortable leather
chairs, taking care to spread a towel out under her ass first.  She spread her
legs wide, and motioned for a tongue to attach it self to her pussy.  Anne
sprang to life, partly because she wanted to suck the girl's hot cunt, but
also because she hoped some of the ejaculated sperm might find its way to her
face and mouth.  She was kind of annoyed that Andy and John never thought to
do something like this for her, but swallowed her disappointment, along with a
last little streamer of cum, and sidled up to Kim's beckoning bush.

    The players lined up in front of Kim.  The first one was a handsome man
with dark hair who sported a 9-inch hard cock.  He fisted it roughly. "Andy
said to hold off from coming for as long as we could before tonight. I've gone
three whole days without sex, so I've got a good load for you, pretty lady.  I
want you to suck it out of me the first time, 'cause I know I'm gonna get back
here a second or third time, and you're gonna be really full by then, I hear."

    "Well, step right up, love, and give me that prick" answered Kim. He
presented her with the rock hard cock, which she stroked into her mouth like a
piece of flesh licorice.


    Kim swallowed the first half of the man's penis, wrapping her tongue
around the shaft as best she could. She handled his balls with one hand,
feeling the fullness of them, knowing they were filling with spermatic fluid
that would soon be pumped into her mouth.  She kneaded them lovingly, coaxing
the testes to fill with sperm.  She traced one finger up the long, pulsing
vein of the cock, forcing a small drop of pre-cum to sliver out of the opening
at the head of the cock.

    Kim slurped up and down the rock hard penis in front of her, feeling the
head slide smoothly over her tongue and poke down into the opening of her
throat. Her mouth watered at the thought of the loads of sperm she had coming
to her.  The young man groaned with pleasure as he watched her suck his cock
smoothly and expertly.  However, he could not contain himself for long, not
surprisingly.

    "Oh god Kim, you're gonna make me cum any second now, oh baby, that's
good, oh yeah..."

    Then Kim felt the large vein in the underside of his cock pulse on her
tongue, and suddenly her mouth was filled with wetness. She was amazed at the
quantity of cum being spilled out of his cock. She quickly moved back so that
only the head remained between her lips, and let the man pulse his semen into
her. He moaned with pleasure as his release overtook him, and shook his entire
body. The cock jerked one last time and a final small jizzlet leaked out of
the head onto Kim's lips. She pulled away, turned to the crowd, and opened her
mouth.

    They clearly could see a large pool of cum sitting on her tongue and
swirling around in her mouth. Andy stepped up and took a picture of it.

    "That's one, Kim, very good. Who's next?" he spoke, turning to the crowd.
The next player stepped up.

    For the next several minutes, Kim vacuumed full loads of cum from every
cock presented to her. The entire time, Anne was busily sucking her clit and
engorged pussy lips, plunging a finger or tongue of her own deeply into Kim's
clutching pussy.  Kim orgasmed over and over again, shuddering deliciously
with each tremor.  After each male climax, Andy took another picture of her
open mouth and cum-soaked lips, so that a running history of the event could
be kept.  After ten or twelve men had cum in her, there was no more room for
the cocks to actually be sucked into the pretty blonde's mouth, so the men had
to content themselves with jerking off on her face. Sometimes they did it by
themselves, sometimes Kim helped. Mostly, she simply sat in the chair with her
hands on her knees and her face forward, mouth open, tongue trying to hold
back the growing pool of spermatic fluid in her mouth.

    Gouts of sperm flew into her face. Some landed right between her open
lips.  Several flew in abandon into her face, striking her forehead, cheeks,
nose and eyelids.  Cum dripped in long streams down to her breasts, beading on
the aroused nipples, which were quickly licked clean by the cum-loving Anne at
her knees. Cum landed in her hair.  Cum splattered forcefully over her lips
and chin.  By the time there were only two guys left to suck, Kim's face was
almost entirely covered with criss-crossed lines of sperm, and her mouth
filled almost to overflowing. Andy's photographs were piling up on the coffee
table. Cheering from the onlookers, small whispers between the onlooking
actors, and the groans and grunts of sexually satisfied young men were the
only sounds in the room, sometimes punctuated by an audible splatter as cum
found its mark on Kim's face, lips or open mouth.  The entire team was finally
represented sexually by the small lake of semen captured by Kim's more than
willing mouth and lips.  Several of the early players came back for seconds,
but by this time there was simply no more room in Kim's mouth for their
offering, so they were more than happy, as was Kim, to splatter smaller loads
onto her face, breasts and occasionally Anne's upturned face as well.

    Finally, virtually all the semen in the room had been transferred from
aching testicles to mouths and faces, one in particular. Kim felt that she had
had at least one orgasm for each seminal spray aimed at her. There was not an
unfulfilled cockshaft in the room.  Andy had taken 32 photographs, which, when
viewed in sequence, showed a growing amount of sperm being tossed into Kim's
open mouth. Gradually the sperm was shown being deposited lovingly on her face
and upper torso. The crowd passed the pictures around with pleasure. Kim was
exhausted from her chain of orgasms herself. She motioned for Andy.

    He walked over to her.

    "You may swallow it if you like."

    She nodded to him closemouthed. Her tongue poked out from between her
white-coated lips to lick traces of sperm from them. Finally, she swallowed
roughly. The crowd watched mesmerized as the lovely young girl feasted on the
sperm. There was way too much for one swallow, so Kim gulped several times,
feeling the ropy mass of jizz slide over her tonsils and tongue, until there
was finally none left above her Adams' apple.  It slowly filled her belly.
She cleared her throat and stood up shakily.

    "Ahhh, " she said, pleased with her performance. "Not bad, not bad at all.
I could get to like this California vintage...."

--
