Archive-name: 3plus/kimfrnds.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Kim's Friends & her Aunt
Also-archived: Series/bus1st07.txt


Jane and I had been getting together  for a few months and by now  I had
met more than a few of Jane's friends and her Niece Kim' hot classmates.
I was getting layed  almost every night and  the weekends were one  long
orgy.  Last  Saturday I  spent at  Jane's having  been there from Friday
night and enjoyed fucking Jane, Kim and her two girl friends from school
Donna and Diane.   I had spent  Friday night with  Jane and Kim  and had
gotten in a nice hot session with Jane and her young Niece Kim, screwing
both of them  multiple times and  finishing off with  a hot assfuck  for
both of  them.  We  slept late  and were  awakened by  the sound  of the
doorbell ringing.  Jane and Kim told  me to get the door and  after some
protest from me I wrapped a towel around my waist and went to the  door.
When I opened  the door I  was greeted by  two very pretty  girls.  From
their age and appearance I guessed they were friends of Kim.  I  excused
myself and  asked them  to come  in telling  them I  would get Kim.  The
girls came in and  after I shut the  door I offered them  coffee.  After
showing them into the kitchen I  proceeded to put on coffee.  Donna  was
looking at me with  hot eyes and quickly  noticed the bulge my  cock was
making in the towel.  Diane introduced herself and Donna telling me they
were here to  study with Kim.   Diane had sort  brunette hair and  small
firm tits and was wearing a tank  top and tight shorts.  She had a  nice
firm ass and slim legs and  her firm tits were showing stiff  nipples as
they  strained  against  her  top  confirming  my suspicion that she was
braless under top.  Donna  was a tall blond  with large firm tits.   Her
nipples also showed thru the loose fitting t-shirt she wore and her skin
tight jeans showing  off her long  legs and firm  thighs making my  cock
stir under my towel.

I introduced myself  telling them I  was a friend  of Kim's aunt.   As I
poured them both coffee  Diane told me Kim  had mentioned that her  aunt
had a good  looking boy friend.   I thanked her  for the complement  and
move to  pour Donna's  coffee.  In  my haste  I hooked  the towel on the
chair and it pulled away leaving me standing naked in front of them.   I
tried to preserve was was left of my cool and slowly poured Donna coffee
while  they  both  stared  at  my  rapidly  rising cock.  After I filled
Donna's cup I  put back the  pot and retrieved  my towel and  wrapped it
back around  me and  excused myself  telling them  I was  headed for the
shower and  would send  Kim out.   Donna smiled  and thanked  me for the
coffee and the show.  I turned  and pulled back the towel teasing  Donna
and Diane as I stroked my  now fully erect shaft.  Both Donna  and Diane
licked their lips  and winked at  me as I  retreated to the  bedroom.  I
went back to the bedroom to find Kim just getting up, Kim was naked  and
radiant and I wanted  to fuck her badly.   Kim saw my bulging  towel and
pulled it off me exposing my rock  had cock.  Kim grabbed my dick an  as
she stroked my raging prick I explained to her about her friends and how
I had accidentally doffed my towel.  Kim laughed and told me to join her
for a shower.  Jane had drunk a bit too much the previous night and  was
dead to the world  so I figured if  I wanted some fun  I have to get  it
from Kim.  Seeing Kim's firm ass disappear into the bathroom I  followed
her my stiff cock like a tiger on the hunt.

Kim and I  jumped in the  shower and washed  each other while  we worked
each other up to a peak of stimulation.  Finally after some urging  from
me Kim and I  got out to dry  off grabbing some towels  and rubbing each
other.  Just  as we  were finishing  up there  was a  knock on the door.
Figuring it was Jane  I bent Kim over  the vanity and guided  my cock up
her wet tight pussy  making Kim moan with  pleasure then called out  for
Jane to come in.  Well,  when the door opened both  Kim and I got a  big
surprise.  Instead of Jane there  in the doorway stood Diane  staring at
us as I pounded my cock deep into Kim's hot pussy.  I froze but Kim kept
up the action slamming her ass  back against my hips driving my  cock up
her tight  young slit.   Diane quickly  closed the  door and stood there
watching us.  I sensed Kim and I were having a profound affect on  Diane
and I began  to thrust my  prick deep into  Kim, pounding her  pussy and
making  her  tits  shake  as  I  plunged  my stiff engorged prick up her
slippery slit.  Diane's hand  moved to her tits  and she cupped both  of
her small firm  tits, and pinched  her stiff nipples.   Kim told her  to
strip and I watched as Diane began to pull off her top freeing her small
firm tits.  I reamed Kim hard and fast as Diane stripped off her  shorts
and panties showing us her furry cunt and firm ass.  Kim called to Diane
to join us and Diane  move to us as if  in a trance.  I reached  out and
cupped Diane's  firm tit  drawing her  close to  Kim and  I so she could
clearly see my cock sliding in and out of Kim's hot cunt.  I told  Diane
to suck Kim's tits and she knelt and took Kim's firm tit into her  mouth
as Kim slipped  her hand onto  Diane's hot boobs.   Diane began to  suck
Kim's tit and reached back along Kim's quivering belly until her fingers
found Kim's  clit.  I  could feel  Diane's fingers  as she frigged Kim's
stiff clit making  Kim moan even  louder.  Kim was  near orgasm and  her
pussy clamped down on my cock as the pleasure of my cock up her cunt and
Diane's mouth on her tit and finger on her clit brought her to her peak.
Kim's climax was  too much for  my cock and  the tightness of  her young
tight slit brought me off making me fill her hot sweet slit with  sperm.
I continued to  ream Kim's cunt  until she could  no longer hold  up her
pleasure racked body and  slumped to the floor  next to Diane.  My  cock
was still stiff and I pulled Diane's mouth to my cock and rubbed my  cum
slick  prick  against  her  pink  lips  pressing the head in until Diane
opened her mouth and let my cock slip down her throat.  Diane proved  to
be more experienced than she appeared and she quickly took swollen  cock
deep into her throat sucking me hard.  Diane soon had my cock pumped  up
hard and was deep throating my dick and playing with my balls.  Kim  was
coming back to life and as Diane  worked on my cock Kim began to  finger
Diane's furry pussy  and suck on  her stiff pink  nipples.  I wanted  to
fuck Diane  so I  pushed her  down on  the floor  spreading her legs and
moved between her slim thighs my cock throbbing with anticipation.   Kim
spread Diane's  pussy lips  spreading back  her thick  bush and  licking
Diane's clit as I guided my  prick up Diane's hot tight pussy.   Diane's
cunt was very ready and her  pussy juices were welling out of  her tight
cunt making it easier for me to slip my stiff prick deep into her  young
tight pussy.  I pressed my cock slowly up Diane's hot tight slit feeling
the tight velvet  walls of her  pussy rub my  cock as it  slid deep into
vagina  stretching  her  pussy  and  making  her moan with delight.  Kim
pulled on  Diane's nipples  and climbed  onto her  face pressing her cum
filled slit into  her friends mouth.   I began to  stroke in and  out of
Diane's tight  hot pussy  as I  watched Diane  snake her  long tongue up
Kim's sperm  ladened slit  sucking my  cum down  and lashing Kim's stiff
pink clit.

I kept up pounding Diane's hot  pussy with long hard strokes shoving  my
cock deep into her belly and making her climax twice while Diane  licked
Kim's pussy  making Kim  cum in  the process  while the  each pulled and
twisted each others  stiff pink nipples.   The sight of  these hot young
girls and the hot tight grasp of Diane's young slit soon push me  beyond
the point of  no return and  I began to  pump a massive  load of cum  up
Diane's hot pussy.   I reamed my  cock balls deep  on each thrust  as my
sperm roared  up my  dick flooding  Diane's pussy  with my  creamy load.
After stroking Diane's quivering slit for a while longer I pulled out of
her hot  cunt and  pressed Kim's  head between  Diane's legs letting her
lick my cum from  her friends pussy.  I  sat back on the  bathroom floor
and watched as Kim  and Diane lick and  finger each other, winding  down
their climax.  Kim and Diane finally broke their erotic embrace and came
over to where  I was sitting  and hugged me  kissing me and  stroking my
prick.  Diane was rubbing Kim's pussy and asked Kim how it felt to shave
her  pussy.   Kim  told  her  it  was  great  an made her cunt much more
sensitive.  Diane asked if  Kim would show her  and Kim told her  that I
was the expert pussy shaver.  After I agreed to shave Diane's hot cunt I
warned the girls that Donna must be wondering what happened and that  we
would have to quit until later  unless we could get her into  the action
too.  Diane told me that Donna would not be a problem because Donna  had
told her she  would do anything  to get my  big dick up  her pussy after
seeing my  stiff prick  in the  kitchen.  I  suggested we  go get  Donna
involved and both Kim and Diane were all for it.  As we were leaving the
bathroom butt naked Jane  began to wake up  and I pushed the  girls back
into the bathroom and told them to wait until I signaled them.

I was right Jane was defiantly very hung over and thrashed about  slowly
under the covers.  I went to her and gently kissed her telling her to go
back to sleep and I would  wake her up later.  Jane complained  that her
head  ached  and  asked  me  to  get  her some tylanol.  I went into the
bathroom hatching my  plan all the  while.  I got  Jane the tylanol  and
opened up two of her sleeping pills emptying the contents into the glass
of water.  I knew from previous  experience that two would put Jane  out
for at least  4 hours giving  Kim, Diane, Donna  and I more  than enough
time to fuck ourselves to exhaustion.  Diane and Kim were in the  shower
together and I could see Diane  on her knees licking Kim's slick  shaved
cunt.  I brought Jane the pain pills and she took them drinking down the
spiked water with two quick gulps.  Jane slumped back into the bed and I
played with her full firm tits then pulled up the covers and gave her  a
kiss.  Jane was  off to dreamland  almost at once  and I knew  she would
feel better after she slept.  I  returned to the bathroom where Kim  and
Diane were now drying  each other off.  I  asked them how they  waned to
get Donna involved and Kim suggested  we all just walk into the  kitchen
naked and put on a show for Donna.  I wondered if that was entirely wise
but figured what the hell I wanted to see Donna naked and feel her tight
pussy around my cock so I  would have to take some chances.   Kim, Diane
and I walked by Jane who was fast asleep and went to the kitchen.  Donna
was sitting looking out the window and rubbing her left tit when we came
in.  Donna turned and froze as she took in the site of us standing naked
in the kitchen  door.  I reached  around Kim and  Diane cupping each  of
their tits as they reached down and grabbed my cock and balls.   Donna's
hand  clenched  her  firm  tit  as  we  rubbed  each  other  and  smiled
invitingly.  Diane was the first to speak asking Donna if she wanted  to
join us in a  little fun.  Donna shook  her head yes and  then pulled up
her t-shirt showing  us her full  firm tits.  I  slid my hands  down and
gently rubbed Kim and Diane's pussies pulling them close and slipping  a
finger up each of their very  wet cunts.  Donna spoke up telling  us she
had wondered  where Diane  had gotten  off to  but now  forgave her  for
leaving her alone.

I broke away from Kim and Diane and walked over to Donna and pulled  her
up kissing her and fondled her exposed tits.  Donna grabbed my cock  and
stroked my prick with her hot little hand as I pulled her to me pressing
her firm tits  into my chest.   I suggested we  go into the  living room
where we would be  more comfortable and ushered  the girls ahead of  me.
Once we got  into the living  room I told  Diane and Kim  to get on  the
couch and  eat each  others pussy.   I wanted  to see  if Donna would be
adverse to some bi action and  I was delighted when she urged  Diane and
Kim on.  I stood behind Donna and played with her big tits as Diane  got
Kim on the couch spread her  legs opening her cleanly shaved snatch  and
began to lick  and suck Kim's  pussy as she  pressed her own  bushy cunt
into Kim's face.  I let Donna  watch her friends eat each other  while I
stripped her.  After I pulled Donna's t-shirt off I unsnapped her  jeans
and pulled  them and  her panties  off in  one swift  motion.  Donna was
beautiful her large firm tits capped by long stiff nipples, a  beautiful
ass firm taught belly and long strong legs.  I wanted to stick my  prick
up her pussy  and really give  her pleasure so  I moved her  over to the
couch and told her to play with Diane and Kim's tits while they ate each
others pussies.   Donna went  right to  work licking  the girls tits and
pulling on their stiff nipples as  they drove each other to orgasm  with
their tongues and  fingers in each  others hot wet  cunts.  I got  under
Donna and spread her lightly downed pussy opening her pussy and  licking
her long stiff clit.   Donna began to shake  with climax almost at  once
and I licked up her flowing juices as she climaxed wetting my face  with
her passionate nectar.  I got behind her and moved in close pressing  my
stiff cock  against her  smooth firm  inner thigh.   I felt Donna's hand
reach back and grab my stiff  dick and guide my swollen throbbing  prick
to her hot wet slit.  Donna forced the head of my cock into her  pulsing
slit and I pressed forward sending my thick shaft deep into her  sopping
slit.  Donna moaned out her pleasure as I slowly sank my full ten inches
up  her  young  tight  slit.   I  fucked  Donna's  clutching  pussy hard
increasing my strokes up her tight vagina until I was stroking fully  in
and out of the velvet vise of her young fuck hole.  All three girls were
close to climax and as Kim and Diane began to orgasm I rammed deep  into
Donna's pussy  making her  climax as  I filled  her tight  slit with  my
sperm.  Pumping  a big  load of  jism up  her quivering  slit.  I reamed
Donna until my dick went soft then pulled out and sat back to rest.

Kim and Diane sensed  that I had deposited  a big load up  Donna's pussy
and pulled Donna up on the couch.  Kim spread Donna's legs wide and  She
and Diane licked my cum from Donna's soddened snatch as they played with
her  stiff  nipples  making  Donna  climax  again.   Once their lust was
temporarily  satisfied  Diane  asked  me  when  I was going to shave her
pussy.  Donna  spread Kim's  legs and  licked her  cunt laving her pussy
lips and testing how her shaved pussy felt.  Donna looked at me and told
me she wanted her  cunt shaved too.  I  was ready and willing  so we all
went to the  bathroom to shave  Diane and Donna's  pussies.  Jane looked
very restful laying  there in the  bed, she had  kicked off most  of the
covers and was laying on her back with her legs spread her shaved  pussy
open to our gaze and her large firm tits rising and falling on her chest
with each  deep breath.   I stopped  and gently  crawled up  on the  bed
between Jane's open thighs and licked her cunt gently lapping her  pussy
lips and flicking my tongue over her clit.  Jane gently thrust her  hips
up in a fucking motion and a smile came over her face.  I moved back and
told the girls  to lick her  too.  One by  one each girl  took her place
between Jane's legs  licking her cunt  while I pulled  on her now  stiff
nipples.  We left Jane still sleeping and went into the bathroom where I
got ready to shave pussies.  Diane was first and I positioned her on the
vanity with Kim and Donna each holding one of her legs.  After  trimming
her long bush  back with scissors  I softened the  hair left with  a hot
towel then  applied the  shaving cream  and shaved  away her  thick bush
exposing her  pink pussy  lips and  a nice  long clit.   I left  a small
triangle of hair on her mound well up from her pink clit.  Flipping  her
over I cleaned off a few stray hairs around her pink puckered anus  then
cleaned off  the shave  cream with  a wet  washcloth.  Diane's pussy was
leaking juice like crazy and as I rubbed in some nice smelling  cocoanut
oil I pressed two  fingers up her tight  pussy and a third  up her tight
asshole.  This assault on her senses was too much and Diane climaxed  as
I thrust my fingers up her tight cunt and asshole.  Donna was  clamoring
for her turn so I got her up in position and shave her pussy lips  clean
leaving only a thin  strip of hair on  her mound.  I made  sure her long
stiff clit showed  prominently and her  pouty pussy lips  were slick and
clean of hair.  When  I shaved around her  asshole I could feel  Donna's
pussy  clench  with  pleasure.   I  followed  the  shave  with a liberal
application of the oil  bringing Donna off to  a hot climax as  I probed
her cunt and tight rectal opening.

We finished off the  shaving with all four  of us in the  shower rubbing
and kissing.  Diane and Donna could not get over how great it felt  when
their pussies were rubbed.  Kim told  them that it would be even  better
when they got licked and fucked.  I could tell I was going to get a shot
at Diane and Donna's tight assholes by the way that Kim kept shoving her
fingers up her friends assholes at every opportunity.  Donna  especially
seemed to  enjoy having  her ass  pucker filled  and showed  us her  ass
whenever she thought anyone was looking.  Donna and Diane wanted to have
their newly shaved cunts  eaten so we went  back to the living  room and
Kim and I got Diane and Donna  on the couch and ate their juicy  pussies
making them  climax hard.   I took  Diane and  Kim took  Donna, I spread
Diane's slim thighs  and opened her  now very smooth  pussy lips licking
her crotch from clit to asshole making her moan and twist with pleasure.
I  settled  down  to  some  real  pussy licking alternating thrusting my
tongue up Diane's tasty vagina with licking her hard clit while I pulled
and twisted her very stiff nipples.  This action brought Diane off twice
in quick succession drenching my face with her sweet pussy juices.   Kim
had Donna's legs spread to the limit and was licking her clit while  she
shoved  two  fingers  up  Donna's  tight  pussy  making Donna twist with
pleasure and  climax three  times.  Finally  my jaw  and tongue needed a
rest and I sat  back pulling Kim from  between Donna's wide open  thighs
and kissed her our mouths slippery from the girls tasty juices.  Kim was
very turned on and I told her to get up doggy style and let me fuck  her
hot pussy.  Kim got into position and I moved Diane in front of Kim  and
pressed Kim's face into Diane's sweet pussy spreading Diane's puffy pink
pussy  lips  and  watching  Kim  lick  and finger Diane's slippery slit.
Donna looked a bit forlorn so I pulled her off the couch and  positioned
her under  Kim, her  face directly  under Kim's  open dripping pussy and
told her to lick  and suck Kim's sopping  twat.  As Donna began  to lick
and suck Kim's dripping hole I guided Diane's hand between Donna's  legs
and watched as Diane shoved her fingers deep into Donna's hot pussy  and
rubbed her stiff pink clit with  her thumb.  I needed to stuff  my stiff
prick into a hot cunt so I  moved back around Kim and got up  behind her
and guided my cock  up her slippery cunt  shoving my dick deep  into her
already pulsing  twat.  I  reamed Kim  hard and  fast making  her climax
twice.  During her  second climax I  heard Donna and  Diane join her  in
orgasmic glee humping their cunts up against Kim' face and Diane's  hand
as I  filled Kim's  hot young  cunt with  a load  of steaming  sperm.  I
pulled out and licked Kim's hot pink anal pucker as Donna sucked my load
from Kim's stretched pussy.

Diane wanted to get her pussy reamed again so the girls traded positions
Diane getting down doggy style, Donna on the couch with Kim under Diane.
Donna  pulled  Diane's  mouth  to  her  pussy  and Diane started to lick
Donna's hot  cunt sucking  her clit  and forcing  her tongue  up Donna's
tight  wet  vagina.   Kim  was  licking  Diane's  pussy and pressing her
fingers up Diane's  slippery cunt and  tight anal pucker.   I watched as
Donna shoved  two fingers  up Kim's  still spermy  pussy then worked her
pinky up Kim's wet  pink asshole.  My cock  was ready just from  the hot
show the girls were giving me  and I moved around to Diane's  creamy ass
and pulled Kim's fingers  out of Diane's hot  cunt and had Kim  guide my
cock up Diane's wet tight vagina.  Diane moaned as I drove my dick  deep
into her pulsing slit until I was balls deep in her tight young cunt.  I
reamed Diane hard burying my dick up her hot slit on each stroke.  Donna
was the first to climax as  Diane licked her clit and finger  fucked her
cunt and asshole with hard thrusts.   Kim began her climax in time  with
Diane and Diane's tight hot cunt milked my cock hard making me shoot  my
load up her  tight quivering slit.   I pulled out  and let Kim  feast on
Diane's pussy while I stuffed  a finger up Diane's hot  asshole spinning
her climax out and  making her go wild  on Donna's pussy.  I  stroked my
cock keeping me  hard as I  knew Donna would  want her turn  soon.  Sure
enough as soon as  Kim had sucked the  bulk of my load  from Diane's wet
spermy pussy Donna was  pressing for her turn.   I had the girls  switch
places again and started to lick  Donna's tight pink anus as Kim  pulled
her head to her cunt and Donna began to eat Kim's slippery shaved  pussy
while stuffing a finger up Kim's pussy and asshole.  Diane slipped under
Donna and started to lick Donna's  cunt while Kim wormed her fingers  up
Diane's spermy cunt and  tight hot butt.  I  had Diane guide my  swollen
cock up Donna's pussy and I rammed  my dick deep up the hot blonds  cunt
with one hard  thrust forcing her  forward and pressing  her mouth tight
against Kim's sopping  slit.  I fucked  Donna hard and  fast banging her
mouth into Kim's cunt as Kim  worked her fingers deep into Diane's  cunt
and  asshole.   Diane  meanwhile  was  sucking  hard on Donna's clit and
pulling on her stiff nipples making Donna pant with pleasure.  This time
I was  the first  one to  reach orgasm  as I  spurted my  thick load  up
Donna's hot cunt making her climax  and setting off a orgasmic chain  of
events which drove  Kim and Diane  to climax.  My  cock was barley  hard
when I pulled out of Donna's tight pussy and Diane covered Donna's  cunt
with her mouth sucking out my  sperm and making Donna tremble with  post
climax pleasure.

As much as  I wanted to  continue fucking these  young pussies I  needed
rest before I could get it up  again and told the girls to give  me some
time.  Diane, Donna and Kim said ok and went off to Kim's room to study.
I went back to Jane and cuddled up next to her grabbing her firm tit and
pressing a finger up her pussy as  I drifted off to sleep.  I slept  for
quite a while and  when I woke up  I was alone in  th bed.  As I  became
more conscious of my surroundings  I heard some moaning coming  from the
living room and decided  to see what was  causing it.  As I  rounded the
corner I got a great  view of Jane and the  girls locked in a hot  daisy
chain in  the middle  of the  living room  floor.  Donna  had her  mouth
plastered on Jane's pussy and  was licking Jane's cunt while  she finger
fucked Jane's hot asshole.  Jane  was licking and sucking Diane's  pussy
while probing both of Diane's  hot holes her fingers stretching  Diane's
tight pink  anus.  Diane  was working  Kim's hot  cunt licking her stiff
clit while she shoved two fingers  up Kim's wet vagina and probed  Kim's
asshole with her thumb.  Kim completed the circle by licking Donna's hot
wet pussy while she shoved two  fingers up the big blond's hot  asshole.
I moved into the  center of the circle  and began to fondle  Jane's tits
pulling on her  stiff nipples as  she sucked and  fingered Diane's tight
pussy  and  asshole.   Jane  told  me  to  fuck  her up the ass so after
spending some time with each girl playing with their tits I moved behind
Jane and spread her ass cheeks  licking her pink puckered anus as  Donna
licked Jane's clit  and fingered her  hot pussy.  Since  I had neglected
Jane's cunt all day  I decided to fuck  her cunt and asshole  to make up
for giving  her the  sleeping pills.   I pulled  Donna's fingers  out of
Jane's wet cunt and had her guide  my stiff prick up her tight cunt.   I
fucked Jane with long hard strokes making her climax quickly.  I  pumped
a big load  of sperm up  Jane's convulsing cunt  as I watched  the girls
working each  other to  climax.  I  pulled my  stiff cock  out of Jane's
pussy and pressed the  cum covered head of  my swollen prick up  her hot
tight asshole then drove  my full ten inches  up her tight hot  asshole.
Donna watched my cock  go up Jane's tight  butt then started to  lick my
load from  Jane's pussy.   I reamed  Jane until  we both  climaxed and I
squirted  my  cum  deep  up  her  tight  rectum  making her cry out with
pleasure.

I moved around the circle to Diane's creamy firm ass and spread her firm
cheeks and joined Jane licking Diane's hot pink asshole until I was sure
she was  fully lubricated.   Jane urged  me on  and grabbed  my cock and
pressed the head  of my dick  against Diane's pink  puckers anus.  Diane
pulled herself away from Kim's hot  cunt just long enough to tell  me to
go easy as this would be her first ass fuck.  I reached up and pulled on
her stiff nipple and told her not  to worry as I slowly pressed my  cock
against her tight  butt slowly stretching  her tight sphincter  until my
cock was in her ass.  I  rested a moment letting Diane's virgin  asshole
to get use  to my cock  then slowly pressed  into her hot  tight asshole
until my balls were pressed against her ass cheeks and my cock was  deep
in her  hot bowels.   Jane was  licking Diane's  clit and  fingering her
pussy as I  started to stroke  in and out  of Diane's packed  tight butt
increasing my speed as her asshole relaxed.  Diane climaxed quickly  and
her orgasm clamped her hot ass tight around my prick making me shoot  my
load up her hot asshole.  I continued to pound Diane's tight anus  until
she climaxed again before moving on to Kim.  Since Kim had taken my cock
up her asshole regularly  I spread her ass  and shoved my cock  right up
her ass with one long slow push.  Diane pulled her face from Kim's  cunt
and thanked me for fucking her  ass and begging me to repeat  it.  Diane
licked my cock as it slid smoothly in and out of Kim's hot asshole  with
fast long strokes.  I felt Kim start to climax her asshole squeezing  my
cock like a fist and forcing my to climax deep in her colon filling  her
butt with my hot sperm.  I pulled out of Kim my cock sagging a bit and I
moved on to Donna's firm ass.  Kim had Donna's ass cheeks spread already
and had  been tongue  fucking her  anus in  preparation.  Kim grabbed my
cock  sucking  it  deep  into  her  mouth  and getting me hard again.  I
fingered Donna's asshole while Kim sucked me up again and then guided my
stiff prick to Donna's tight puckered asshole.  I slowly worked my  cock
up Donna's asshole until I was sure I wouldn't hurt her then started  to
ream her tight hot asshole making  her climax twice before I filled  her
tight young anus with my last load of sperm.

After I rested and regained my wits I realized it was after 8:00pm and I
had to go.  Regretfully I showered  and got dressed and after a  bite to
eat with the girls and Jane got  ready to go.  Jane asked me if  I could
give Donna a  ride home and  we left shortly  after finishing our  food.
Donna  directed  me  as  we  drove  and  we discussed the hot sex we had
shared.  Donna told me that she  and her younger sister were lovers  but
that  they  had  never  shared  a  man.   I  asked  Donna if that was an
invitation and she pulled  up her t-shirt showing  me her firm tits  and
stiff nipples  asking me  if this  answered my  question.  I  told her I
would be glad to join her and her sister but not tonight as I doubted my
cock could get hard again.  After  some good natured banter I agreed  to
have them  over to  my place  Wednesday night.   The story  of that  hot
session still gets me hard but it will have to wait till another story.

--
