Archive-name: Bestial/kim.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: It Happened One Day....

 
         I had just finished sweeping off the deck and was preparing to take
a dip in the pool to cool off.  Kim was taking advantage of the seclusion my
cottage afforded by working on her all-over tan.  The sight of her slender
body reclining on the chaise made me all the more glad she had accepted my
offer of a quiet weekend with "no-strings-attatched".
 
         My 5'10", 36-24-36, blonde haired, blue eyed, 120 pound friend had
just broken up with her boyfriend of two years and was in need of some peace
and quiet.  We have had a "more-than-just-a-friend" relationship for about
five years, since my divorce, and have occassionally spent the night in each
others bed.  Nothing serious, but more than just a friend.  When Kim called
at mid-week wanting to come to my house just to talk, I knew she needed a
friend more than a lover.  Once there, she cried for two hours sobbing out
the events that led to her fiance telling her he'd been sleeping with his
secretary for three months, she was pregnant and he was going to marry her,
not Kim.  We stayed up most of the night talking (we hadn't done much more
talking since she met Rodney), and I asked her if she'd like to spend a long
weekend at the cottage to regroup.  I made it clear that I expected nothing
in return and that I'd enjoy the company.  Enough background.....
 
         Neither Kim nor I were shy about our bodies as we'd gone skinny-
dipping on several occassions, but the sight of her lying there with the sun
glistening on the beads of perspiration made my cock swell inside my shorts.
 
         "I'm gonna take a dip," I called to her from the deep end. "Wanna
meet in the middle?"
 
         She raised up and smiled as I dove into the water.
 
         Gliding from the force of my dive, I was a bit surprised when she
plunged in next to me at mid-pool.  I hooked an arm behind her leg and
pulled her under.  We both popped to the surface together and Kim's arms
went around my neck.  I pulled her close to me and could feel her hard
nipples press against my chest as our lips met.  We kissed gently at first,
but as Kim pressed her hips against me and my cock began to get harder, our
passion flared.  I put my hands on her bare butt, cool in the water, firm
and soft as I pressed her against me.  As our kiss ended we were both out of
breath and flushed with passion.
 
         "I want you" she murmured.
 
         "You sure?" I asked. "I don't want to take advantage of you."  I
was lying like a snake in the grass, but i really didn't want to push her if
she was feeling rejected.
 
         "You're the only man I trust anymore since Daddy died.  I've seen
you watching me in the sun and I've seen the bulge in your suit."  To add
emphasis to her words she dipped her right hand beneath the water and ran
her fingers over the straining material that confined my hard manhood. As
she gently squeezed my shaft, she said "It's been two years since I've had a
real man inside me.  I don't know what it is, but you do something different
or right and no one else makes me feel like you do." She purred "Yes, I want
you!"
 
         We swam to the edge at the shallow end. Kim jumped out of the water
sat on the edge of the pool, spread her legs and leaned back on her elbows
with a sly smile on her lips and a look in her eyes that left nothing to my
imagination.
 
         "Eat me like you used to.....long and slow" she cooed.
 
         I kissed my way slowly down the inside of her leg, nipping lightly
with my teeth as I went.  It was almost ninety out, but still she shivered
and goose-bumps appeared on her upper thighs.  As I ever-so-gently touched
her clit with the tip of my tongue she shuddered and let out a growling moan
that I knew from experience meant she was cumming.  Her hands went to the
back of my head, her fingers tangling in my hair as she pulled my face hard
against her wet pussy.  I stuck my tongue as deeply into her as I could and
let my teeth just touch her straining clit.  Kims hips started to buck and
she gasped for breath. "OH, GOD!" she finally screamed as the waves of her
powerful orgasm broke over her. (That's one thing I really liked about Kim,
there was never any question as to whether she'd cum or not.  She sometimes
took two full minutes to settle down.)
 
         As I tortured her by softly tongueing small circles around her clit
we were startled by a commotion in the front of the cottage.  Being half a
mile down a heavily wooded gravel road guarded by a locked gate, I wasn't
too concerned about visitors.  These sounds were by no means mechanical and
 
sounded like animals fighting.
 
         I pulled on my joggers as Kim grabbed her robe and we both went
through the cottage to the front door.  I really had no idea what to expect
when I opened the front door, my shotgun in my hand.
 
         There on the front lawn, about ten feet from the edge of the porch
were three dogs;  a small beagle-looking bitch very much in heat, a somewhat
larger brown male actively trying to fuck the beagle, and a young but full-
grown beautiful black Great Dane.  The bitch was almost too small for the
brown male and he couldn't get his long red prick to hit home effectively.
Every third or fourth lunge, she'd raise up and he'd lower enough that he'd
get about half of his 5 inch dog-dick into her.  Then, just as they would
try to get a rhythm going, he'd slip out.  The Dane was fit-to-be-tied and
was just too tall to get anywhere near the bitch.  Never the less, he had
at least eight inches of hard canine cock exposed and was, as Kim so aptly
described it, "air-fucking".  The brown dog was at least getting his dick
wet, but the Dane wasn't getting any relief at all.
 
         "I've never watched dogs fucking like this before.  It's really
kind of neat in a kinky sort of way isn't it." Kim said, never taking her
eyes off the trio.
 
         The black Dane was standing over the other two stabbing at thin air
with his long red-tipped dick.  It was apparent that he'd been like that for
quite some time as he started again to howl, almost as if in pain.
 
         "Poor thing" Kim muttered, "he's too big to get any where and it
sounds like he's in pain."
 
         "What do you want me to do, go jerk him off!" I chuckled.
 
         About that time, the brown dog and the beagle-bitch got their "act"
together and got a good humping rhythm going.  I put my arms around Kim and
ran my hand into her robe.  I carressed her right breast rolling her hard
nipple gently between my thumb and forefinger. She wriggled her butt against
my half-hard cock. (Yes, I too was turned on by the "show" we were getting.)
As the brown male thrust in and out of the smaller beagle, we could see an
inch or two of his hard prick as he pulled back to thrust in again.  Kim
ran her into her robe and arched her back as her fingers touched her still
wet pussy.
 
         "I will" she said in a husky purr.
 
         "You will, what?" I asked, sort of dumb-founded.
 
         "I will, if you'll hold him." Her voice was almost pleading.
 
         "What are you talking about?" I asked as I glanced around at her
face.  I then saw that she was staring intently not at the two smaller dogs,
but at the big black Dane straining to get some relief from fucking thin
air.
 
         "If you hold him, I'll jerk him off.  He looks to be in pain and he
won't get any comfort from her.  I watched Daddy do it once to his dog. I'll
do it for him if you'll hold him.  He's so big, and he's so beautiful.  Oh,
please help me get him off, please."  Kim was almost whining along with the
Dane and I realized that she was seroius. I also realized that she was going
to cum any second as she kept fingering herself.  She started to shake and
that low growling started deep inside her.  I pinched her nipple a little
harder between my thumb and finger and said "Allright, if that's what you
want, I'll help."  She came with a shudder and I had to hold her up as her
knees buckled.
 
         At this point, the two smaller dogs were winding up their "act" and
the male was locked inside the beagle bitch.  He slid off her back and swung
a leg over and there they were looking like two Siamese twins joined at the
rear.
 
         "What are they doing that for?" Kim asked, looking very serious.
 
         I explained that when a male dog cums inside a bitch, he gets a
knot in the head of his dick to ensure that all the semem remains in her,
and it'll take several minutes for it to go down so he can pull out.  Kim
said that it sure would be nice if some men were that way too so they would
not just cum, pull out and go to sleep. "Present company accepted, though."
she added almost embarrased.
 
 
         The other two dogs were hobbeling off down the road and the Dane
was still stabbing at the wind.  Kim stepped off the porch and the large
black beast looked over at her, his cock still seven or eight inches out.
As Kim approached, his tail started to wag and she patted the top of his
large head.  He stood not quite waist tall to  her at the top of his head.
 
         I approached him from the other side and patted his well muscled
shoulders. He was a young adult and someone had taken excellent care of him.
Kim ran her hands along his back and as she got to his flanks she let her
hand slide under his belly.  Although I couldn't see, I could tell when she
finally touched his long cock.  She cooed and purred and his hips twitched
over and over as she carressed the shaft.  As her left arm went across his
back, Kim laid her cheek on his side and chanted "There, there boy, I'll
make it better for you, I'll make you cum."
 
         The big dog stood there with his hips twitching in unison with Kims
strokes, his long tongue hanging from the side of his mouth as he panted in
time with his hips.  I sensed that she was in no danger from this youngster
and took my hand from his shoulder and released his collar with the other.
Stepping back, I watched Kim doing what I had only fantasized about in the
past.  For what seemed like fifteen minutes she stroked and carressed his
long pointed shaft, and I watched spellbound as she started to grow im-
patient.
 
         "What am I doing wrong?" she asked, her eyes looking to me for an
answer.
 
         "I don't know, I'm just about ready to cum just watching you two!"
I chided.
 
         She released his red cock and put her hands around his neck. "Whats
the matter boy, aren't I doing it right for you?" she asked.  Kim moved in
front of the big animal and put her hands on his jaws and looked him right
in the eyes.  "I'll help you out if you'll help me" she said softly into his
face.  His long pink tongue slid out of his mouth and he licked her from her
chin to her eyebrows.  Stunned, Kim sat back on the ground and just starred
at the big black dog and then she started to giggle.  I laughed out loud too
at the sight of her sitting on the ground in front of this magnificent beast
with her robe gaping open at the waist and her legs spread in front of him
like she was offering herself to him.  He must have thought so too, because
in an instant, he stepped forward, lowered his head and stuck his nose right
into Kim's pussy.  I took a step toward them, but was stopped by a raised
hand from Kim.
 
         "Is that what you want boy, to eat a little pussy, huh?" she cooed.
 
         A moment later, she squealed and raised her hips slightly, and I
guessed that he'd stuck his long tongue right into her very wet hole. Her
eyes got big, she got this strange look on her face, and she started to cum
right there on the front lawn.  Kim shook and panted and squealed for what
seemed like two minutes, before she pushed his head away from her naked
crotch and stood up.
 
         "This just isn't the sort of thing that a lady should be doing on
the front lawn." Kim said in mock society-snootyness.  I thought for a bit
that she'd had second thoughts about helping the Dane release his tension,
but when she turned and headed for the porch, she said over her shoulder
"Come on boys, lets go where we can have some privacy!"
 
         With that all three of us headed back through the house to the back
yard, Kim, the beautiful Black Great Dane with his pink tongue hanging out
of his mouth and his red dog-cock hanging under his belly, and me with as
much of a hardon as I've ever had bulging in my swimsuit.  If I'd had any
neighbors, that scene alone would have given them ammunition for gossip to
last years!
 
         Once we all got into the back yard, Kim was out of her robe in a
flash, and sat down on the edge of the chaise, her legs spread wide.  She
patted her exposed pussy and whistled.  "Com'on big fella, do that again!"
she called.  I didn't believe my eyes.  Here was a fairly normal, beautiful
twenty-four year old woman who'd just cum twice in fifteen minutes from
being eaten by two males who were crazy about her, one a man, and the other
a big black dog!  And now she was coaxing him in for round two.  Kim was
always a bit of an exhibitionist, and I'd never seen her shy away from any-
thing as far as sex was concerned, but this was almost enough to blow my
mind......but not quite!  I'd had a "thing" about a woman and an animal get-
ting it on together ever since I'd seen that blue-movie that a friend and I
snuck from his big brothers stag party collection when I was fourteen. Now
I was getting a real first-hand show by another object of my fantasies, Kim.
 
         As the big dog's nose touched Kims pussy, his tongue snaked out and
he licked her from her tight little asshole all the way up to her stiff clit
and back again. Then his haunchs started humping again and I could see his
long dog-dick start to twitch under his belly.  Kim slid her foot under his
belly and gently rubbed his cock with her toes.  She held his big black head
in her hands and murmured "Com'on you beautiful beast lick me, make me come
again, fuck my toes, let it go......lick me, eat me....com'on you beast...".
As the two of them were lost in their own worlds, I moved closer to get a
closer look.  I knelt at the end of the chaise not two feet from them.
 
         The Dane was getting pretty excited by all of this, and so was Kim.
She opened her eyes and looked me square and said "Will he fuck me if I let
him?"
 
         I didn't know whether to tell her no, to tell her yes, or just to
cum in my swimsuit.  "Take a deep breath and think about what you're saying
Kimberly.  That's not a man, it's a dog, a BIG DOG." I warned.
 
         She took a deep breath and let it out in sort of a raged reverse-
gasp. Taking the dogs head in her hands she looked into his eyes and said
"You won't hurt me will you, you beautiful beast". Then she looked at me
"I want to do it for him and I remember you told me you'd always wanted to
see a dog fuck a woman."(She wasn't as drunk as I thought when I let that
little tidbit slip one night years ago.) "Will he do it for me if you help
us, please, I want to, please ..... please ..... please" she begged.
 
         With that she started to pull his head up her belly as she slid
lower on the chaise, her butt resting over the edge.  She pulled him by his
ears and as he stepped up onto the chaise, his long, red swollen dog-dick
was within inches of her pussy.  Kim put her arms under his front legs and
pulled him a little more.  The big dogs front feet came off the chaise and
he was standing with his front feet on the ground, one leg on either side of
Kims head.  As he slid forward, the tip of his red cock touched the opening
of her wet twitching cunt.  I heard Kim gasp, and almost tried to pull the
dog off her, but I heard her whisper "Oh, YES!", and she raised her hips to
help his entry.  He took a step toward Kim with his back legs and hunched
his powerful haunches and his long red dog dick slid into Kims wantonly wet
hole. Her eyes got big and she gasped sharply and groaned "Oh God! It's in.
He's in me, Oh God!".  Again I almost pulled the beast off her, fearing that
he was going to hurt her, but I saw Kim's legs rise over the Danes rear and
lock over his pumping haunches.  If Kim was in pain, she wasn't showing any
signs of it.  She was helping the beast and holding him tightly against her.
Once inside her nature took over and neither of them had any trouble as far
as nature was concerned.  Kim squealed with pleasure every time the dog
thrust his long red cock into the hole, and the beautiful black Dane was,
probably for the first time in his life, fucking more than air and really
getting the hang of it.
 
         I watched in perverse awe as the two of them humped each other. Yes
Kim was fucking the big dog every bit as much as he was fucking her, and the
pair were enjoying it very, very much.  I wasn't having such a bad time my-
self either.  I hardly noticed the ache in my own now straining cock as I
sat not three feet from those two, and I realized that I was gasping for
breath.
 
         As Kim and her canine lover humped against each other I was amazed
at the rhythm and the pace.  Her hips were twitching up to meet each and
every thrust that the dog made, and he was humping into her twice as fast as
any man could.  The dog wasn't taking long strokes like a man, but once he
had his long cock into her he made short thrusting jabs seemingly trying to
get in even deeper.  Kim was squealing and murmuring to the dog, urging him
on, and them she started to pant.  It was as if she couldn't get enough air,
and then I realized that she was coming over and over again, digging her
heals into the animals flanks with her toes curled up and her nipples as
hard as cherry pits. Over and over she came as I watched.  Wave after wave
of pleasure swept over her again and again.  The dog took a long powerful
lunge that I thought would drive them both to the ground, and then he became
very still.  From what I had heard, now was the time that the base of a dogs
cock swells to seal the vagina as he comes.  Kim felt him start to swell and
looked at me, her eyes widening. "How big will he get?" she asked. I told
her I didn't know, but to just lie still and not let him get down.  She said
she understood.  "I can feel him getting bigger, stretching me a little, and
his cock is twitching inside me.  It's really neat and I feel sooo full."
"Just lie still and he won't hurt you" I said.  "He'd never hurt me intent-
ionally, I know that, he's just a big puppy, and he IS a male, too." she
purred as her breathing got quicker.  "I'm gonna cum again, Oh my God, I'm
cumming again!" she hissed as she started to pant and gasp.
 
         I watched the two of them lying there on the chaise for what seemed
like five minutes, and as I became aware of it, I realized that I had cum in
in my swimsuit, but my dick was still rock-hard.  I saw the dog start to
move around, getting restless I guess, and then he back away from Kim.  I
heard a sucking sound and a "Plop" as he pulled out of her.  I was surprised
to see how big he was......atleast 8" long, and about an inch and a half
thick!  He walked across the grass abd lay down to lick himself.  I know how
Kim tastes, and I sort of envied him.
 
         Kim just lay on the chaise, almost out of breath.  She reached her
hand out to me and smiled. "That was fantastic, simply fantastic!" she said
as she pulled on my hand. "Now let me take care of that for you" she gazed
at my hard rod and lay her head back.  I knelt by her head and she took my
cock in her mouth and licked and sucked on it.  I was so excited that I came
almost immediately and she swallowed every drop, cumming again as she did.
 
         "I'm going to take a dip if you don't mind" she said as she sat up
on the chaise, and we both were surprised by the amount of liquid that
poured from her gapping cunt as she sat up.  We both started to laugh, and
I helped her stand on what seemed to be very wobbely legs.  A few short
steps and she dove into the pool.  I followed not wanting to miss any of the
reactions to come.
 
         As we met in the middle of the pool, Kim turned and put her arms
around my neck.  "Well" I said "how was it?" She blushed about as red as I'd
ever seen her and said "It was different from making love to a man, it was
making love, er, having sex with an animal, a real animal.  He didn't have
anything else on his mind except cumming in me, and then when he was done,
he just walked off. But when he first went in me, I started cumming and I
didn't stop until he pulled out.  Little waves, big crashing ones, shudders,
sharp ones, one very long one with lots of other ones mixed in, God it was
like nothing I've ever felt.  And when he started to cum in me, he started
to swell up and I thought he was going to split me open.  It didn't hurt,
but he felt so big down there.  I wasn't scared, but I was so excited that
just wanted him inside me, and when you were in my mouthand you came down my
throat, I could still feel him in my pussy, God what a combination!" with
that she came again right there in the middle of the pool without me even
having done anything.
 
         "Well which do you prefer" I chided "Man or 'mans best friend'"
 
         "Silly, there's no substitute for the love of a man, but there is
a close second to sex with a man, and I'm not so sure a girl couldn't get
very used to animal sex with a beautiful beast like he is." she nodded over
to the edge of the pool where the Dane was laying "if, and I must emphasize
the if, there wasn't a man around."
 
         "Would you want to want to replay this scene again?" I asked hoping
I already knew that answer.
 
         "When I was lying on the Chaise, and he was just going inside me
I had a flash of a thought that here I was doing it with a dog, and we were
not even doing it 'doggy-style'.  Yes I want to do it again, not today, may
be, but I want to have him behind me next time atleast so he knows how to do
it right with the other dogs!" we both laughed and hugged and headed for the
edge of the pool.
 
         The big Black Dane met us at the shallow end as we climed out, and
his tail indicated that he was happy to see atleast one of us.  As Kim put
robe on and headed for the house, I got the dog a pail of water and set it
next to the patio.  He was slurping thirstily as I entered the house and
went to the bedroom where I heard the shower running.
 
         After a good shower, both Kim and I felt refreshed, and she even
asked if I still had the sketch-pad she'd left two years ago.  I dug around
in the den, and found it.  "What do you want this for?" I asked. "Before the
glow fades, I want to sketch him so I can capture my feelings about him on
the paper" she explained "He must belong to someone who is worried about him
and I know we'll have to give him back someday."  We finished dressing and
I brought the Dane to the front porch were Kim said the light was best for
her sketching.
 
         I was holding him with a collar made of one of my belts, and Kim
sat across the porch and sketched. She was a pretty good artist, and I never
knew why she didn't pursue a career in art, but the sounds of an approaching
car brought me back to the real world.  A Jeep rolled up the lane and slowed
as it came near the house.  The Dane started to get excited as he saw the
driver, woman in her late twenties with long black hair.  She stopped the
Jeep and walked across the lawn.  "Oh, I'm so glad he's safe" she called as
she walked to the porch.  "Hi, I'm Linda Richards, and that horny beast is
Paladin" she explained "Must have been some bitch in heat around the neigh-
borhood to make him run off like that.  He's just a year and a half, and I
haven't bred him yet so he's pretty horny I guess." she seemed to blush as
she said "I hope he hasn't gotten into anything naughty".  I explained that
he was indeed lured away by a female dog and we thought it best if we didn't
just let him run off; no he hasn't been a bother, infact we were playing
with him in the back yard by the pool earlier and he was fun to have around.
I introduced Kim and myself and asked linda if I could get her something to
drink.
 
         "No, I have to be getting back.  I've been looking for Paladin all
day, and it's going to be getting dark soon. But thank you anyway."  Linda
said.
 
         "We'd love to have him back for a visit soon, though" Kim said "I
still have to finish the portrait I started."  She showed the unfinished
sketch to Paladin's mistress. "I really do want to have a chance to finish
it properly......He's such a beautiful animal."  Linda looked at the paper
and then back at Kim, and then at Paladin and back to Kim.
 
         "You seem to have captured a rare side of this bad-boy, you're sure
he behaved himself......." Linda glanced from Kim to me looking as if she
knew what had happened.  "I've been giving him some special training lately,
and I don't think he's quite ready to be on his own yet".
 
         Kim blushed beet-red but still said "Maybe he's a faster learner
that you give him credit for".  Her smile almost caused me to choke on my
wine-cooler.  The two girls laughed, and I don't think any of us had any
trouble knowing what the others were saying.
 
         "I really do have to go now, but I'd love to bring Paladin back
for a visit when we can stay a while.  Maybe you can show me what you mean,
and I can show you how much I've taught him." Linda smiled seductively as
she patted her dogs rear.  To add an exclaimation to her statement, Paladin
nuzzeled her crotch through her shorts. "He thinks he knows what he wants"
she blushed.
 
         "Oh, I'm sure he does" Kim proudly stated.
 
         "You'll have to come out for the day when we can spend some time
around the pool" I invited "Next weekend's just fine for us, isn't it Kim"
 
         "Saturday or Sunday?" Linda asked
 
         "Why not make it both, we have plenty of room, and we don't have to
worry about visitors either. Plan to spend the night, both of you." Kim was
excited as she bubbled the invitation, and I was looking forward to a week-
end with these two and the big Black Great Dane Paladin.
 
         "It's a date then, I'll see you saturday about lunch" Linda said as
she and Paladin headed for the Jeep.  Driving off with a wave and a "WOOF!"
we watched as the taillights rounded the bend.
 
         "Oh, I can hardly wait a whole week" Kim pouted. "I guess I'll just
have to make do for a week" she teased.
 
         "You sounded pretty much at home.  Have you had second thoughts
about the invitation to move in?" I asked hopefully.
 
         "I'd like nothing better than to move in with you.  But you've got
to promise me that you'll make me behave and not let me get into more
trouble than I can handle." Kim purred as her arms went around my neck and
she planted a long kiss on my lips. "Besides, I have to make a good impres-
sion for our guests next weekend, and I want to practice my style..........
doggie-style that is!" With that she stroked my swelling cock and we headed
for the bedroom. Doggy-style, indeed.  I'll show her that there's a beast in
all of us.........
 
--
