
                    MM/F, WIFE, EXHIBIT, VOY -- KINKWIFE.TXT


                                 Title: Unknown
                                Author: Unknown
 
      This is not a fantasy story but real life, having to do with my beautiful
sexy wife who's hot and horny and willing to please me in my kinky ways.

      My wife, six years younger, has a very sexy body and dresses for my
benefit. With tight skirts above the knee, revealing beautiful legs, you can
see her skimpy bikini through the material. Knowing her sex appeal to men, she
likes to tease and show off, often jerking me off at the same time. We play a
game that runs as follows.

      Before leaving the house she and I sit across from each other having a
drink, with her legs crossed exposing beautiful thighs. She turns the subject
to sex, asking me if I like what I see and will it get some guy's prick up
tonight. She runs her hand between her legs saying,

      "I'd like to jerk a prick so hard and long that I'd come." Especially
while she moaned and squirmed against his body. Then her hand would rub my fly
that contained a cock already hard from watching and seeing her. She unzipped
me and and slipped my hard prick into her mouth.

      Off in the car we go, her sitting close to me with her legs crossed and
short skirt up high, revealing terrific legs, stocking tops and great flesh.
Into a gas station for a fill up, her hand on the inside of my right thigh,
holding my cock, a seductive gleam in here eye as the attendant came to the
window.

      "Fill her up," I'd say. Him not knowing I meant fill her up with your
prick. Leaving for the men's room, I knew what she would do. When the
windshield was being cleaned, her body would shift toward him and, fixing her
lipstick, her legs would spread to one side catching his eye. She'd wink and
motion him over to her side. With her dress over well rounded knees and the low
cut sweater showing beautiful tits, she'd say,

      "You're cute. I bet you get plenty of pussy here." By this time the poor
guy has a bulge in his pants, and her eyes are on it. "It looks big, honey.
Will you check the wire under the dashboard for the windshield wiper?"

      While his head was under the panel and his body on his back on the floor
board, he had a good glimpse of legs and hose. When she asked if he had room,
her hand dropped to the bulge in his pants. She felt it getting harder, his
body moving to her touch, she's getting hot, knowing she was getting a prick
hard and ready to explode, she slowly unzipped his fly.

      "Don't worry, my husband won't be back yet," she says, taking his prick
out, moving her fingers up and down, feeling the throb of his cock, getting her
pussy wet and ready for action.

      "Would you like to come, honey, all over my hand?" He moaned yes and she
slipped her magic fingers around his balls, feeling them getting hard and full
of come. "It's coming honey, nice white cream. Fuck my hand and let that come
spray all over! Here it comes, baby, all over my hand and the seat! Keep going,
you stud I may come back and you can stick it into me sometime!"

      While he was shooting his load off, he jumped so hard he almost hit the
dashboard, with his free hand sliding up and down her leg.

      "Boy, baby, I'd love to see you again." Sliding out of the car he saw me
standing with my cock dripping from the come I shot off while she worked his
cock to a climax. "Perhaps you will, if you keep your mouth shut," I said.

      With that I got behind the wheel and drove off while my wife finger
fucked herself and came in one big orgasm. "God, he had a nice cock and how I
wanted it in my pussy! His come shot all over my leg and the floor, maybe we
can get back to him again. I noticed you had a good time too." As I felt her
dripping cunt so wet, we drove off for another conquest.

      By now we were both worked up and horny, her hand in my pants and my
right hand between her legs. "Oh god, I'm so hot, the itch in my cunt is
driving me crazy suck me off, darling."

      "Okay, baby, we'll find someone up ahead on the expressway for you to
suck. Some nice young stud that may not be too experienced. He may even suck
your hot pussy."

      "Oh Bob, pull off the road, kiss or at least finger-fuck me," she begged.

      To the side of the road we'd go. While kissing and slipping my arm around
her ass, she'd raise one leg up on the windowsill. Everyone passing knew what
was going on-trucks could see in the window-and that leg was moving like crazy
while I had my finger in her cunt. I had to go further and drop my head between
her legs. I lapped and sucked her cunt till she exploded and screamed, "I'm
coming, darling. Eat me, eat my pussy. Suck harder. Rotate that hard tongue of
yours. Oh, you bastard, here I come. Suck it up, honey, boy, you are good!"

      After licking all her come, I raised up to see a car parked behind us.
Seeing her sexy legs kicking, he must have come all over himself. To better
conditions, we got out and she pressed against me, slipping her knees between
my legs. While she was dry fucking me, my hands slid up her thighs and pulled
her skirt with them, leaving a terrific view of nylon covered legs, long and
sexy, being fondled by a hot man. We rubbed against each other and I cupped her
ass in my hands, she slid her hand down to my fly. In her ear I whispered, "We
have a fish, that guy behind us is slumped down in his seat."

      "I'll bet he's hot and wet and must have come looking at us, honey. Let
me put my foot on the seat and you finger me while I turn sideways, that way he
will get a good view of my legs. Then pass close by his car, when you go to the
restroom. I'll signal if his cock is out and give him a smile."

      She regained her position and quickly walked to the car. With a sultry
smile on her lips, she glanced in to see this middle aged man, head back on the
seat, pants open and a limp prick in his hand. He saw the smile she gave him
and undressed her as she went to the restroom. Killing time in the restroom,
and hot as hell, she knew she wanted on more prick and this old boy was it.

      I walked back to his car and asked directions for a city miles away. I
told him my secretary and I were on a business trip for a few days. Also we had
a few drinks and she was horny and hot. I said the one thing that drives her
wild is to feel and play with a cock, getting it hard and knowing that the guy,
feeling her legs and pussy, is ready to shoot all over her thighs.

      When he saw that I could be talked to and trusted, he said, "I couldn't
help myself, while you were in the car I knew you had a hell of a time. But
when she got out with those beautiful legs I couldn't leave. So you can see
what happened, I had to jerk off. My prick was so hard looking at you two
making out that I had to jerk off. I'd give anything to rub my hands over her
body and feel the silk stockings on those legs, put my finger in her pussy and
make her come."

      Seeing the state he was in, I whispered to him. "She can sit with you for
awhile. Feel her up and get your nuts off. She has a wonderful pair of legs and
lips and a tongue that gets a cock full and hard. Be open and get her hand on
your prick, she loves to feel it."

      "Honey, this is Jim, going to California. He's resting for about an hour
and is lonesome. He did see us up front, why not sit with him. I told him what
a hot and sexy secretary you are, I'm going to our car to rest, see you later,
doll."

      My car is equipped with large mirrors. After adjusting them I slumped
down in the seat and opened my pants.

      After a few minutes I saw her put her left hand behind his back and move
closer. I knew her legs were exposed to stocking tops and blouse open to expose
the valley between her tits. Also her nipples were getting hard, knowing this
guy was hot and hungry for her body.

      Then I saw her turn his head toward her lips, kiss him long and hard.
Knowing her tongue was fighting his, while her hand crept down to his crotch
and rubbed his prick. Her fingers wrapped around his shaft, getting him hard
and her pussy wet. She leaned back against the door, letting her hand run over
her long sexy legs. He then could not hold back, but had to feel those legs.
Running his hand over the thighs which were spread open on the floorboard, her
skirt raised over her ass, she moaned with his fingers in her pussy. She humped
up and down on his hand, getting wet and coming four or five times.

      My prick, in my hand, hot and full of come, was ready, as his head
disappeared from her tits, down her belly to the beautiful triangle of her
pussy. Her head rolled back and forth on the window sill as he put his tongue
into her cunt and sucked that hot moist pussy. Holding his head with one hand
and rubbing his ear, the other arm reached out of the window to give me the
"ok" signal. Suddenly she jerked and cried, "Fuck me, suck me, tongue my pussy,
you old bastard. Eat my cunt out and suck my come. Oh god, baby, here it comes,
oh fuck, I'm coming. Ah-oh baby, I came all over your mouth!"

      Just looking at the action made my prick hard and the come came out all
over the seat. With my handkerchief I cleaned myself off, wiped the come up and
waited for her to come back.

      But instead I saw her lean over and knew she was going to blow him.
Slipping out of the car I sneaked up alongside to see her put her lips around
his hard prick. He was so tired his head was back on the seat. She had his
pants open and her free hand was holding his balls as her mouth and tongue were
playing hell with his shaft from base to tip. Boy, was he a mouthful of cock
for her. His hips were moving to match her mouth, moaning his passion in deep
grunts as her tongue and lips engulfed his cock in her mouth. By now I was
sitting on the rear seat behind them.

      With Jim's cock hard, she said "Now Jim baby, slip it in my pussy."
Throwing her knees on either side of him, she guided his prick into her cunt.
"Now it's hard again, honey and you can fuck this sexy bitch. I am sexy, right,
baby?" She looked over at me and winked. At the same time, she looked down at
my cock which was hard and stiff and ready to shoot come. Jim was out of his
mind, holding her well rounded ass and humping like a jack rabbit. She pressed
her tits against his face and while fucking him, reached over the back seat and
grabbed my cock.

      Looking me in the eyes with her sexy lips, she moaned, "Baby, I can't
hold out much longer. Fuck me, Jim, fuck me hard, push it in, baby. Oh hell,
honey here it comes!" With her hand holding my cock and jerking me off while
Jim was fucking her, I came, she came and Jim flooded her pussy with his come.

      She and I headed for home, her hand in my pants holding my prick and my
hand between her legs feeling her pussy. She said "Darling, did you enjoy
today? Are you hot and horny as I am? Because I had a ball. My cunt is still
hot and dripping. You sure know how to get me off. Now let's get home and to
bed while we suck each other to sleep."

