(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: KINKYBRO.TXT
Title: My Kinky Brother
Author: Eros



                          MY KINKY BROTHER
                             (by EROS!)

       Sonia, my brother Bobby's wife, answered the door wearing
    nothing except a brief silk slip. The hem was less than an inch
    beneath her flame-red pubic hair, which I could see as she walked
    down the hall. I wondered if she knew that she was flashing a lot
    more than the underside of her firm buttocks at me as she led me to
    the living room.

       "I'm so glad you came," she told me. "I just don't know what to
    do with Bobby any more. He's really out of control!"

       She sat down next to me on the sofa, her bare knee pressing
    against my leg. I squirmed in my moist satin panties and tried not
    to stare at the way her well-rounded titties were tumbling out of
    the front of her slip.

       "What seems to be my brother's problem?" I asked. Sonia's
    nipples stiffened visibly.

       "I don't know a nice way to say it, so I'll just spit it out.
    Bobby is into sick, kinky sex, and I don't know how much more I can
    take!"

       "Really?"

       Forgive me if I couldn't take Sonia's complaint too seriously,
    but she was coming onto me hard. I'd let it slip some time back
    that when it came to sex, I swung both ways, but at the time she
    didn't seem interested. Something had obviously changed her mind.
    When she curled her hands around my waist to hug me close, I kissed
    her hard, my tongue spiraling deep into her warm, moist mouth.

       I didn't think to wonder about Bobby. I simply assumed that he
    must be elsewhere, or Sonia wouldn't be acting like this. It still
    hadn't dawned on me exactly how kinky my brother and my
    sister-in-law really were. I had no idea that horny old Bob was
    hiding in the closet, where he could peep out through the crack in
    the door at us... watching for just the right moment.

       When I spread Sonia's legs and bunched her slip into a roll of
    slippery fabric about her waist, I wasn't thinking about anything
    except the tasty beauty of her red cunt curls. I dived down deep,
    doing my favorite lesbian tongue tricks with the delicate pink
    folds her tasty pussy. Sonia sighed, her impertinent butt writhing
    against the sofa, as I eagerly demonstrated to her that I was
    probably every bit as "sick" and "kinky" as my older brother.

       My tongue had just connected with the tell-tale twitchiness of
    Sonia's wiggly little clit when Bobby emerged from the closet.

       "Great work, Honey," he said, winking at his wife. "I've always
    wondered what my sexy little sister was like in bed."

       I sat up, gasping. My dignity wasn't helped any by the fact that
    I had his wife's pussy-juice all over my face. I looked at the huge
    bulge in Bobby's crotch and then up into his smouldering eyes.

       "You really want to fuck me, Bobby?" I asked, reaching for his
    cock.

       "Have a good feel, Sis, and tell me what YOU think," grinned my
    kinky brother.

       His cock felt like a baseball bat under his pants and my pussy
    began to leak with lust as I tried unsuccessfully to get my fingers
    around its rock-hard circumference.

       "Jesus, Bobby! You're hung like a fuckin' horse!" I muttered.

       "Yep! And twice as horny!", laughed my brother reaching down to
    fondle my aching tits. "Let's go to the bedroom and fuck, little
    sister!"

       I was too excited to protest, not that I would have. Licking
    Sonia's sweet pussy and now feeling my brother's urgent hardon had
    my poor cunt literally drooling with need. Bobby and Sonia both
    grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the master bedroom. I in a
    lust-clouded daze, I followed them down the hallway.

       I remembered that Bobby and Sonia's bedroom had always been
    locked when the family visited, and as I entered it for the first
    time, I knew why!

       The bed was one of those giant circular models fitted with what
    he said were customized black satin sheets. There were mirrors on
    the walls and mylar on the ceiling. A table next to the bed held a
    proud display of oils, lotions, vibrators, dildoes, and even a
    plastic pussy! Sonia hadn't been lying when she said my brother was
    kinky. The only lie she'd told was when she said she didn't like
    it.

       While I stripped my brother, Sonia stripped me. I didn't see how
    she lost her slip, but she was so greased up with sweat and
    excitement that it probably just slithered off her firm, slender
    body all by itself.

       To be perfectly honest, most of my attention was temporarily
    stolen by Bobby, who had just presented me with the biggest cock
    I'd ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on.... or anything else
    for that matter! :-) I measured it tentatively with both hands and
    then tried to stretch my lips to fit around it, and it was one hell
    of a major stretch. I'd say it would have to be chose to ten inches
    long and three inches thick. As I sucked my brother's cock, I felt
    myself getting hotter and wetter between the legs. I couldn't wait
    any longer! I HAD to feel my brother's long, hard prick thrusting
    into my aching cunt.

       "Fuck me, Bobby, " I gasped.

       "What about me?" Sonia asked. "I thought you were sucking my
    pussy!

       Bobby already had the answer to that problem. Rolling onto his
    back, he guided me down onto his cock and told his wife to squat
    over his face. That way, he could suck on her gaping twat while I
    fucked myself silly on his massive erection.

       "Ooooh, Bobby, I can't believe I'm fucking you," I murmured,
    bouncing up and down on my brother's deeply-filling prick. "I've
    done a lot of wind things, but this has to be the wildest.
    Uuuuhhhh, God that feels good!"

       "Mmmmm! It sure does! But believe me, Sis, it gets a lot better
    than this," he whispered.

       Sonia's cunt did a tight bump and grind against Bobby's lips as
    she luxuriated in the sensation of his tongue against her clit. And
    all the while our lewd, incestuous fuck was reflected in all the
    mirrors!

       Bobby's wonderful long cock had me cumming in minutes and I
    could tell that his mouth was doing the same for his wife. I kissed
    Sonia passionately as we climaxed, hugging her tight and grinding
    my pussy down hard onto my brother's deeply rooted prick. Bobby
    brought us both off several more times before we changed positions.

       Sonia pushed me back on the bed and spread my legs wide, sucking
    my brother's hot, creamy cum out of my cunt while Bobby fucked her
    doggy-style. It was fantastic!  Every thrust of Bobby's huge cock
    into his wife's pussy rammed her mouth and tongue harder onto my
    creaming fuckhole. Then Bobby fucked me up the ass while I ate out
    Sonia's cum-saturated cuntslit, pausing only when my
    sister-in-law's tight pink hole was squeaky clean.

       We fucked each other in every possible position three people can
    contort themselves into that night, before Bobby was forced to
    bring in the reinforcements... in the form of two, eleven-inch
    vibrating dildoes.

       Yes, Sonia definitely has her hands full with a kinky husband
    like my brother. But I figure it's just my family duty to help her
    make the very best of a very, very pleasant situation indeed.

                              The End.


This file was obtained from Mr Double's Incestuous Story Page at:

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

or:

http://www.why.net/user/mrdouble/htm/stories2.htm
