Archive-name: Bondage/kinkysto.txt
Archive-author: Luke Warmwater
Archive-title: Kinky Story, A
 
 
 This is "A Kinky Story".  It involves a hetero male and
two bi women.  If any women read this, I'd love to hear their
reaction (good or bad).  Please send your comments, suggestions,
etc.  to
                wi.869@wizvax.methuen.ma.us (Luke Warmwater)
 
 This story is ShareErotica, if you like it, please donate
to a woman's cause -> NOW, NARAL, a woman's shelter, etc.  (Yes,
I'm really a feminist - I might be deviated, but still am a
humanist)
 
 
 
 This is my first public story and first submission.  I'm
a hetero male, so I don't try to extrapolate to other experi-
ences.  The story is gender specific, D/S & B/D, and a lot of
kinkyness.  You may be offended.
 I've tried to write this so both men and women will be
turned on by it.  I'd like feedback (especially from women) about
the turn on factor.  I am concerned about offending women on the
women=sex_object issue.
 This story is ShareErotica, if you like it, please donate
to a woman's cause -> NOW, NARAL, a woman's shelter, etc.
 
Part 1
 
 Betty and I both work for the same firm.  She works in
another building, so we never really met until the company pic-
nic.  The heat was almost unbearable, the sun was bearing down
and the humidity was high.  The volleyball teams were chosen and
Betty ended up next to me.  After losing the first game, our team
went straight to the beer cooler, everyone was dripping sweat.  I
grabbed two brews, handed one to Betty,  and asked her to join me
under a tree.  We started talking and immediately hit if off.  It
was so hot that it took three more beers each to cool us down.
Pretty soon it was time for another game.  Most of the team was
half-crocked, and we played even worse then before.  A good
volley was going on, everyone was scampering around the court.
The ball came directly towards me, I raised my arms and prepared
to set it up.  As the ball touched my hands, Betty ran full force
into me, knocking me over.  Unfortunately, my glasses fell off
and she landed on them, bending the frames and popping the lenses
out.  Betty was unscathed, and she apologized profusely.  We left
the game, sat down with a couple of beers, and I tried to fix my
glasses to no avail.  Since I couldn't drive my car home, Betty
offered to drive me home in my car.  I accepted.  We left immedi-
ately.  On the way home, Betty apologized again.  She said that
when she was growing up, this kind of misbehaving earned her a
lot of spanking.  Then she told me how she received a bare-bottom
spanking the first time she came home after drinking.  I told her
she deserved one for drinking today.  She agreed.  Maybe it was
the beer and the heat, but my normal shyness disappeared and I
said I would be glad to administer it.  To my surprise she an-
swered, "OK, I really deserve it."
 When we enter my home, I grabbed Betty's arm and escorted
her to the edge of the bed.  I told her to sit there while I
looked for my glasses.  She got up and asked where the bathroom
was, saying that the five beers were exploding her bladder.  I
said her lack of self control had gotten her into enough trouble
for one day, she would have to learn obedience.  I pushed her
back on the bed, found my glasses, and returned to the bed.  I
sat on the edge of the bed and told Betty to kneel down, placing
her bottom over my lap.  She obeyed, and then I pulled her shorts
down to her ankles.  She was wearing white cotton panties, the
crack showed the wetness from her sweating.  I pulled her panties
down to join her shorts.  I took one arm and placed it across her
back, pushing her down harder on my lap.  Betty said the pressure
on her bladder was extreme and pleaded to use the bathroom.  I
told her that the punishment must be administered first.  Her
cheeks were partially flushed from the heat, a musky, sweaty odor
arose from between her legs.  I flattened my hand and brought it
down hard against her buttocks.  Betty winced as her cheeks
turned pink.  My hand raised up and came down several more times.
As the stinging pain increased, she squirmed around on my lap and
her legs spread apart as far as her shorts & panties would allow.
I stared at her beautiful anus, a new odor reached my nostrils
and made my penis strain against my shorts.
 I slapped all over her buttocks, and once my hand landed
smack in her crack and hit sensitive parts.  Betty yelped with
pain.  A few seconds later I felt wetness in my lap.  I moved my
hand between her legs to investigate and brought it to my face.
My tongue and nostrils were assaulted by Betty's sweaty, musky
juices and warm salty beer.  Beer?  No, this was piss!  I started
to get pissed off but couldn't - I was already pissed on.  I ran
my hand between Betty's legs again to verify and it came away
soaked.  I rubbed the piss onto her sore pink buttocks.  I
spanked her a few more times, slapping the wet spots.  She tensed
as the liquid burned the skin.  The tears from her eyes told of
the intense pain and Betty squirmed around even more.  I pressed
her down harder against my lap.  Once again my hand missed her
buttocks and landed between her legs.  I kept it there, she let
out a low moan, tensed up, and I felt my hand get covered with a
large squirt of piss.  I quickly splashed as much as possible
over her buttocks and thighs, slapping constantly.  She cried out
about how much it stung, but there was a lot of spanking left.  I
told Betty that her lack of control was extending the punishment.
 
 After each slap I stuck my hand deep between Betty's legs
to check for more piss, but herself-control improved.  So I
rewarded her with a clit massage and felt new moisture oozing out
of her vagina.  As I spread this moisture back over her anus she
let out a low moan and ground around on my lap.
 I repeated this slap, check for piss, reward pattern.
Since no piss appeared, the clit massage lasted a little longer
after each slap, her squirming became more rhythmic each time.  I
took the arm holding Betty down and used it to spank, while my
other hand concentrated on massaging her clit.  Suddenly Betty
started convulsing all over my lap and breathed heavily.  At the
peak of her orgasm she emitted a loud scream.  I few seconds
later she emitted a large stream.  Piss splattered off my hand
and I felt it all over my lap.  I spread as much as possible over
her sore red buttocks and administer a few final slaps.  My
slapping hand then rubbed the rest of the piss into her crack,
concentrating on the area around her anus and teasing at the
center of it.  When I got to her clit, she start convulsing
violently again and had another orgasm.
 Since her punishment began with shorts on, courtesy
demanded it end the same way.  I stood Betty up with her back
towards me and knelt down behind her.  I saw her labia hair
glisten with drops of piss and lubricant.  A rivulet of piss
started running down one thigh towards her ankles.  To protect
the carpet, I quickly bent down and caught it with my tongue.  It
tasted just like the beer, but tangy and salty.  I licked my way
up the wet path to her butt.  I licked her cheeks clean, my
saliva eased the burning, and the redness started to disappear.
I pulled her cheeks apart and licked the moisture from between
them.  The smell of her anus combined with her sweat, juices and
piss was wonderful, I inhaled deeply through my nose.  As my
tongue ran over her anus, she let out a long groan of pleasure.
I told Betty to turn around so I could finish the cleanup.  The
sight of her juices and piss glistening on pubic hairs was an
overpowering aphrodisiac.  I pushed her legs further apart and
used my hands to spread her labia.  Her crotch was beautiful when
fully exposed.  I wanted to hug her pubic region with my face in
her hair, so I put my arms around her waist  and squeezed.  She
moaned "No!"  What was that funny sound near her feet?  I moved
my head back and saw a big wet patch on the carpet!  Betty hadn't
learned her discipline lesson well enough.  She begged to go to
the bathroom, but I made her run to the kitchen and get carpet
cleaner and paper towels.  I told her to get down on the floor
and clean up her piss without adding more.  She did this obedi-
ently and correctly.
 I then lay down on the bed and told her to remove her
shirt and support.  I had her remove my wet shorts.  My penis was
hard and the tip had a lot of ooze on it.  I had Betty squat
between my legs.  One hand grabbed my penis and the other my
balls.  Betty took a deep breath and whispered about how good my
crotch smelled.  She licked the ooze off the tip of my penis.
Her lips encircled the head of my penis,  then moved down the
shaft, and sucked when they moved back out.  It only took a few
minutes of this until I was ready to orgasm.  Betty had been so
bad I decided she didn't deserve another orgasm.  I grabbed onto
her head to guide it up and down.  Her fingers gently kneaded my
balls.  The other hand wandered down my crack and found my anus.
Just as Betty started running her fingers around it and pressing
on the flesh between it and my balls, I started to come.  She
sucked even harder on my penis,  and I donated a few million
sperms cells to her daily protein requirement.  I grabbed Betty's
head and pulled it up to my face.  We kissed for the first time,
Betty pushed my juices into my mouth and splashed them around
with her tongue.  The salty, beer taste was very different yet
strangely similar.
 I was so tired I couldn't stay awake, so I grabbed Betty
and fell asleep as she lay on my chest.  Did I ever awake to a
surprise...
 
 My bladder was so full my "piss-hardon" ached.  I tried
to get up, but didn't get very far!  Betty had tied my arms and
legs to the bed.  My movements awoke her, and she smiled very
knowingly and wickedly at me.  Before I could untie the knots,
she pulled on the ropes holding my arms with her body weight and
tightened them until I was spread-eagled on my back.  She then
tightened the leg ropes, leaving just enough slack for me to bend
my knees.  I didn't have any rope at home, I thought, does she
take rope everywhere she goes?  As I struggled my penis deflated.
I told her I really needed to piss.  Betty took a rubber band and
spread it around the base of my penis, then gently played with
the head until it was hard again.  She said, "That'll keep you
from pissing."  I couldn't release either the ropes or my blad-
der.  I needed relief fast.  I said, "Mistress, what must I
endure and what must I do for you to earn the right to piss?"
 
 Betty hmmm'ed and smiled and got up from the bed.  She
ran to the kitchen and came back with a bottle of wine.  She
opened it and drank about half.  She  then poured the rest into
my mouth, except for one swallow.  She sat down between my legs,
bending and spreading them, exposing everything from my balls
down.  Betty stuck her middle finger in her mouth and covered it
with saliva.  She then took her finger and started rubbing it
around my anus, pressing her way in gently.  Betty kept her
finger wet and soon had it all the way up my rear.  Then she took
the wine bottle and used her tongue to spread a large amount of
saliva around it.  She removed her finger from my anus and I felt
the cold bottle against it.  My anus clinched up from the cold,
but Betty gently pushed and twisted the bottle.  After a short
time it finally got past my sphincter.  She tilted the bottle up
and I felt the rest of cold wine rush into my rectum.  Betty
gently pushed the bottle in as far as it would go and left it.
 She move up and squatted over my face.  I was staring up
at her beautiful sex and breasts.  Her hands spread her labia
apart and she sat down on my face.  I could hardly breathe, what
air I inhaled conveyed her wonderfully ripe sweat, musky and sexy
odors.  Betty rubbed back and forth on my face, until her anus
was directly over my mouth.  She leaned forward and my nose went
into her vagina, I felt juices tickling my nose hairs.  I knew
what she expected, so my tongue started circling around her anus.
She sat down a little harder, so I tensed my tongue and pushed
against her anus.  I opened my mouth wide to breathe, totally
engulfed in her odors.  My tongue finally made it into her anus
and she told me to push it deeper.  I kept moving it in and out
until my tongue had cramps.  Betty moved back and placed her
labia and clit over my mouth.  I worked my lips over her labia,
forming a seal.  My tongue then circled around her clit.  She
started moaning and cupped her breasts with her hands, squeezing
her nipples between her fingers.
 First I moved my tongue forward, pulling the clit out of
its fold and exposing it.  At the same time I sucked hard on the
clit and labia.  Then I released the sucking and moved my tongue
back, covering the clit and rubbing it through the hood.  Then I
flicked it quickly from side to side a few times.  I kept repeat-
ing this in a rhythmic fashion.  Pretty soon Betty was squirming
on my face in intense pleasure.  Suddenly she leaned forward onto
her arms and started wiggling from side to side.  Her whole body
tensed and she inhaled deeply.  She moaned and purred as orgasmic
tremors shook her body.  This continued for a long time.
 Betty then straightened up again.  She pulled away from
my face, staying squatted about 6" over my face.  I moved my head
around and found I was dizzy - drunk from the wine in my stomach
and ass.  She moved her knees to the sides of my head, preventing
any motion.  She said sweetly and submissively "I've been such a
good girl."  Her fingers pulled her labia apart.  She giggled and
then said louder and sarcastically, "Until now!" Suddenly pale
yellow piss was streaming out of her.  At first, it went all over
my face, but Betty's fingers quickly gained control and aimed for
my mouth.  She held my nose until I opened my mouth wide.  She
took a deep breath and tensed her body.  The stream became a
flood!  She pissed so hard that it splattered out of my mouth and
all over my face.  I didn't close my eyes fast enough, and her
piss burned them.  She leaned back and the piss hit my upper
face.  It flowed off my face and I felt my hair getting soaked.
Even my ears felt the piss inside.  Betty then released my nose
so I could take a deep breath.  Then she tensed hard as another
flood of piss filled my mouth to overflowing.  She clamped my
nose again and said, "Drink my piss or drown."  I had little
choice.  After swallowing, she let go of my nose and I gasped for
breath.  Betty tensed again and the last of her piss filled my
mouth.  I swallowed quickly.  I'd never seen anyone piss with
such force and volume.  What a pisser!
 Betty stood up over me and stretched.  My penis was still
rock hard.  I had to piss so bad that I wasn't even thinking
about my having an orgasm.  She turned around with her back to my
face and squatted over my penis.  She took it in her hands and
ran the tip back and forth and side to side from her clit to her
vagina.  Finally she placed the tip into her vagina and sat down
slowly.  The warmth of her felt good, and I concentrated on that
feeling.  When she pulled up, I could see her hand massaging her
clit.  She continued this rhythm for awhile, as we both became
more excited.  She moved the wine bottle in and out of my anus,
pressing it so it would massage my prostate.  I couldn't tell
which was a greater sensation, the pain of needing to piss or the
pleasure of the bottle.  She ordered, "Don't have an orgasm until
I say so."  I forced myself to concentrate on my bladder, to
prevent further arousal.  Betty's motions got more intense, and
suddenly she started another orgasm, moaning and convulsing.  The
sensations on my penis were exquisite, but I couldn't allow
myself to fully appreciate them.  She finally stopped moving and
just sat there, my penis still hard and buried deep within her.
 
 After a couple of minutes she moved up and off of my
penis and shoved her body back on the bed until her ass was
directly over my face.  I closed my eyes, expecting another
flood.  Instead, I felt her tongue lick the head of my penis.  I
moaned with pleasure, against my will.  The wine bottle was again
in motion.  Betty sat her ass down on my face, adjusting her
position so her anus was over my mouth.  She told me to open it
up.  I took my tongue and circled her anus, wetting it and the
surrounding area.  Then I pushed my tongue against the opening.
It tasted salty and musky.  The odor combined with her tongue was
making me orgasmic.  I tensed my stomach muscles to increase the
pain in my bladder, warding off any orgasm.  My tongue slid into
her anus.  Betty sat down even harder on my face.  I pulled my
tongue out and repeated this process.  Betty had taken my penis
into her mouth and was doing her best to arouse me.  It took all
I could to prevent my orgasm.  Pretty soon her anus was relaxed
enough that my tongue went as far in as possible with no resist-
ance.  Betty pulled the bottle out of my ass and stood it up
between my legs.  Then she got up off my face, turned to face me,
and positioned herself over my penis and the bottle.  She held on
to the bottle with one hand behind her back and my penis with the
other hand in front.  She squirmed back and forth on the bottle,
gently forcing it into her anus.  As she slid down on the bottle,
my penis slid into her vagina again.  Betty sighed deeply and sat
down hard.  She then started moving up and down the two shafts in
her orifices.  This was the first time I was ever jealous of a
wine bottle!  I would have liked to take advantage of this splen-
did experience, but I was afraid to add any motions for fear of
coming.  She moved her hands, placing one on her clit and the
other on a nipple.  Once again, she stimulated herself to a
powerful orgasm  After a couple of minutes Betty got up, turned
around and moved her ass back over my face, and told me to fill
her anus with saliva.  I felt her lick the head of my penis and
then spread more spit over it.  She got into position over my
penis and rubbed the head around her anus.  She then put the head
into the opening and pushed down with her body.  the head slid in
past her sphincter.  A few more partial in and outs helped loosen
her anus the rest of the way, and finally she just sat right
down, my penis fully enclosed in her rectum.  She let out a low
moan of pleasure.  As she moved up and down, I could see her hand
working her clit feverishly.  The other hand took the bottle and
put it back in my anus.  She was moving it rapidly, making sure
it rubbed my prostate.  I had to clench my stomach to prevent
orgasm every time she pulled up off of me.  The hot tightness of
her anus was orgasmic, but the pain in my bladder prevented an
end.  After a while, Betty threw her head back and convulsed,
moaning very loudly and deliriously.  How many orgasms did this
one make?  I had lost count.  Once again, she just sat there with
my penis deep inside her for a few minutes.
 I was getting delirious by now.  I was somewhat drunk, my
bladder was bursting, and I wanted to orgasm.  Betty got up,
moved back again, and had her legs holding my shoulders down,
with her ass perched high over my face.  I could see her face
lower down towards my penis.  She removed the rubber band and
told me not to come.  She started massaging my aching balls
gently, and they felt somewhat better.  She held my penis up and
rubbed it around her nose.  She inhaled the musky odor of her
anus and moaned.  Her tongue came out and started licking the
head of my penis.  It circled around the edge of the head, lin-
gering at the split on the bottom.  Then her lips covered the
head and she sucked on it.  She then moved her lips down the
shaft, using her tongue to keep the head stimulated.  The hand
supporting my penis now went back to the wine bottle.  Betty
moved the bottle in and out and side to side, making sure my
prostate got well massaged.  After a few minutes I could take no
more.  I started begging her to let me come.  She removed her
mouth and asked me, "Am I your Mistress."
        I said yes, and pleaded again with her.
        She said, "If I let you come, will you do anything I
desire?"
        I answered "Yes!  anything you say," and sang the next
line, "please release me."  Her lips covered my penis again and
she sucked extra hard while moving the wine bottle right over my
prostate.  I knew I was in trouble, since she hadn't said I could
come.  I clenched my stomach hard, but the pain was overshadowed
by the pleasure.  Just when I thought I was doomed, She removed
her mouth and laughingly said, "You can come, I just figured out
what I want."
 
 She immediately put her mouth back to work.  It took
about 15 seconds more of her expert oral skills until my body
tensed in orgasm.  The first shot was almost overpowering.  As
the second shot was released, I found out why she was squatting
over my face.  Betty had been saving her piss again until I came!
It splattered over my face, neck, and chest.  I raised my mouth
to catch it better.  I kept pumping into her mouth and she pumped
into mine.  My orgasm stopped before her piss, and my mouth was
full.  Before I could do anything with the mouthful, she quickly
turned around and shook her head to say no.  Betty sat on my
stomach, lowered her head to mine and then moved her lips to
mine.  She sucked gently, so I extended my tongue into her mouth
and caught the full taste of my semen.  She pushed my tongue back
out and her tongue came into my mouth and swished the liquid
around.  The pressure on my stomach suddenly registered, and
since my penis was now deflated, nothing could hold back my
bladder.  I started pissing and the stream must have hit Betty,
because she moaned.  She took a hand and used it to aim my penis.
She wet her crack, arched her rear up and wet her stomach and
chest, and then squatted down and let the stream flow over her
back.  I pushed harder on my bladder then, and piss started
flowing over her shoulders onto my chest.  She got up quickly and
lay her head down face up on my stomach.  She adjusted the stream
until it hit her in the face.  She covered her whole face.  Then
Betty opened her mouth and let it fill up until it overflowed.
She closed it again, and moved her head up to mine.  We kissed
again, exchanging her piss, my piss, and my come.  She aimed the
stream for our heads and our hair became soaked.  Finally I
finished.  It was the longest piss I'd ever taken.  Betty pulled
the bottle out of my anus, loosened my ropes and we embraced;
kissing, caressing, and hugging constantly.  After a few minutes,
the wet sheets were annoying, so we took a nice hot bath, clean-
ing every square inch of each other.  We put clean sheets on the
bed.  I went and got some food and drink.  We ate and drank until
we fell asleep in each others arms.  Betty was the first up the
next morning.  I awoke to a clicking noise and found myself
handcuffed.  Betty quickly got her rope and tied my ankles to the
bed.  She then tied my neck to the bed so I couldn't sit up and
untie my ankles.  Betty disappeared for a few minutes and re-
turned with my roll of Saran Wrap.  She searched my closet and
took the belt from my bathrobe.  She ripped off a long sheet of
Saran Wrap, making sure it didn't bunch up, and placed it flat on
the bed.  She took the belt and wound one end of the plastic over
the belt a few times.  The she stood up, and put the belt on
behind her, the Saran Wrap hanging down her back.  She put a
quick knot in the belt and bent down and pulled the Saran Wrap
through her crotch and up under the belt.  She then squatted
down, pulled the Saran Wrap tight and knotted the belt securely.
Betty then used her hands to make sure the Saran Wrap was evenly
spread over her rear and through her crotch.  She then found her
clit and gently ripped the Saran warp so there was a little hole
where it could stick out.  When she was satisfied that everything
was ok, she climbed over me, squatted over my face, and lay down
on my chest and stomach.  She maneuvered until her clit was over
my mouth.  She then explained, "I've read than when elephants get
sexually excited, they piss and shit all over before and after
sex.  I've always wondered what it would feel like.  This is my
desire.  I am your mistress.  Your reward for obedience will be
an orgasm.  Now get me sexually excited."  Betty then placed her
hands on my balls and penis, and the games began.  I was really
glad I had bought extra strength Saran Wrap...
 
===============================================================
 
Subject: REPOST: A Kinky Story - Part 2
 
 
 This is a sequel to "A Kinky Story".  It involves a
hetero male and two bi women.  If any women read this, I'd love
to hear their reaction (good or bad).  Please send your comments,
suggestions, etc.  to
                wi.869@wizvax.methuen.ma.us (Luke Warmwater)
 
 This story is ShareErotica, if you like it, please donate
to a woman's cause -> NOW, NARAL, a woman's shelter, etc.  (Yes,
I'm really a feminist - I might be deviated, but still am a
humanist)
 
 Betty and I continued our relationship.  After our first
encounter, I christened Betty with the nickname Betsy-Wetsy, and
it stuck.  We soon moved in together and were living together
happily for several months.  Betsy stayed in constant touch with
her best friend from college Dotty, who lived half-way across the
country.  During the hottest part of summer, Betsy invited Dotty
out to visit us for a week.  Dotty booked a red-eye and was to
arrive Sunday morning, so we cleaned house and got ready Satur-
day.  We were so tired that night that we just showered and went
to bed without any of the usual games.
 I awoke to my arms being pulled.  Betsy was tying me up.
I looked at the clock and the plane was due in an hour.  I told
Betsy we didn't have time, she told me to shut up and the she
gagged me with yesterday's panty hose, the crotch running through
my mouth and under my nose.  She held my nose, forcing me to
inhale through the hose.  The sweaty muskiness from a full day
assaulted my senses.  Added to it was the smell of her urine,
Betsy was a dribbler after peeing.  Betsy got up and stared at my
erect penis, a result of her pheromones and my morning need to
piss.  She went to the bathroom and came back with some Q-tips.
She took one and wiped around her pee-hole with it, until it had
absorbed all the moisture.  She then stuck the wet end into my
nostril.  Every time I inhaled I smelled her salty urine and
musky juices.  Betsy took another Q-tip, dipped it into her
vagina, and put it in the same nostril.  The next Q-tip was
rubbed around the outside of her anus and slightly into the
opening.  This one went in the other nostril.  Another Q-tip was
rubbed around her anus, but she pushed this one in and out until
it was moist.  She put it in the nostril with the other anal Q-
tip.  The force of her pheromones and other odors took effect
quickly - I needed release.
 Betsy jumped off, got dressed, and went to pick Dotty up.
I had no idea what was going to happen.  The suspense coupled
with the odors was too much.  I really wanted to masturbate, but
I was tied up.  All I could do is flop my penis around, not
enough to make me cum, so I quickly gave up and just lay there.
 About two hours later, I heard voices.  As Betsy opened
the bedroom door, I heard her say how I must still be in bed, why
didn't Dotty take a nap, then we could all eat brunch.  Betsy
came in and checked to make sure everything was alright.  She
whispered for me to talk normally, and then took off the gag.  I
pretended to be awakened.  Betsy started turning the Q-tips,
there was enough odor left that I was instantly hard.  After a
few minutes, Betsy left the room.  When she returned, she was
holding a pair of panties.  But Betsy was fully dressed.  She
came over, removed the Q-tips, and placed the panties over my
face, with the crotch under my nose.  The panties were too big
for Betsy and I didn't recognize the aroma.  These were Dotty's!
The first recognizable odor was a musky fishy odor, stronger
after a full night in a hot airplane seat.  Betsy rubbed the
panties under my nose and I also detected Dotty's urine and anal
odors.
 Betsy gagged me again, leaving the panties on my face,
and then left the room.  This was true torture - after two hours
of smelling Betsy's odors I was left sniffing Dotty's soiled
panties, desperate to relieve the aching blueness in my balls.  I
stayed this way for another two hours.
 I then heard Betsy go into Dotty's room and awaken her.
As they came into the hall, Betsy told Dotty she had a surprised
for her.  Our bedroom door popped open and they entered.  I
stared right at Dotty, who was wearing my bathrobe.
        She was a large, athletic woman, over 6 feet tall.
Dotty's jaw dropped and she exclaimed, "My panties!"  Then she
noticed my erection.
        Betsy then said, "He's all yours."  Dotty stared at her
and Betsy added, in a demure voice, "and so am I."  The two women
knowingly stared at each other.  I wish I knew what was behind
that look.  Dotty told Betsy to strip and squat on all fours on
the bed.  Dotty removed my gag and the panties from my face.
 Dotty bent down and spread Betsy's ass cheeks.  She
stared into the crack and told Betsy how she had always loved her
anus.  She knelt down and started sniffing Betsy's ass odor, her
tongue came out and she started licking Betsy's anus.  Dotty said
it had acquired a nice scent.  It was then I remembered that none
of us had showered since the day before - it had been really hot,
I knew the women would smell even stronger than their
undergarments on my face.  Dotty then asked if I had eaten that
day.  My stomach answered by growling.  Dotty said I sweating too
much and losing potassium.  She told Betsy to get the bananas
from the kitchen.  Oh, and bring the mop, she added.
 Betsy returned with the items.  Dotty squatted down on
her legs, her ass over my face.  She reached back with her hands
and pulled her ass cheeks far apart.  I inhaled the full strength
odor that was also on her panties.  Her anus landed on my lips,
and I tasted it with my tongue.  The funkiness of it almost made
me cum.  My tongue circled Dotty's anus and gently started push-
ing its way in.  Dotty had remarkable control of her anus, as I
felt it instantly relax and let my tongue slip in easily.  Dotty
moved her ass back and forth on my tongue.  Dotty then told Betsy
to loosen my legs enough to raise them up and exposed my butt.
When I was exposed, Dotty bent over and buried her head below my
balls.  I heard her moan with delight as she sniffed my anus and
licked all around it.  She abruptly pushed a wet finger in, I
offered no resistance.  Dotty then asked for the mop, and before
I could figure out what was happening, the mop handle was enter-
ing my ass.  Dotty gently worked it in.  When she let go, the
weight of the mop hanging over the edge of the bed forced the
handle in my ass to push up.  This put a lot of pressure on my
prostate, pre-cum lube was oozing out of my penis.  But no one
was paying attention to my penis except me!
 Dotty then told Betsy to move behind her.  Dotty took a
banana and peeled it.  They weren't ripe yet, so the banana was
quite firm.  Dotty put the banana to her anus and then told Betsy
to wet it and help it in.  For my benefit, Betsy took the banana
in her mouth slowly, licking around the tip, and gently closing
her lips over it.  She then spit all over the banana and used her
hands to guide it gently into Dotty's ass, being careful not to
break it.  I was amazed at how easily Dotty relaxed her sphincter
to let it in.  The tip of the banana disappeared up Dotty's ass.
Dotty then told Betsy to watch and she positioned her anus over
my face.  As I was staring right into her anal opening, the
banana started to come out slowly.  Dotty worked it like an
expert, pushing it out and then drawing it back in a little.
When a couple of inches were hanging out, Dotty pushed her ass
right over my mouth.  The end of the banana went into mouth,
Dotty jerked and it broke off.  The combination of banana along
with Dotty's scent and flavor was nirvana.  Dotty moved her ass
back into the air, turned around to look at Betsy, and smirked as
Betsy realized I had really eaten the banana.  In a childish
voice, Betsy exclaimed, "Dotty go Potty!"  Dotty then let the
rest of the banana slowly drop from her anus into my mouth, and I
ate it like a hungry chimp.  Dotty got up and told Betsy to squat
over me in the same position.  Dotty peeled another banana, and
then gently worked it into Betsy's anus.  Betsy quickly learned
how to maneuver the fruit, and it was soon all the way in.  Betsy
told me to open wide.  I stared into her partially open anus as
the tip of the banana appeared.  Suddenly, Betsy tensed hard and
the banana plopped out of her ass into my mouth.  Dotty squeezed
my nose to make sure I'd swallow the whole thing.
 Betsy then coyly asked Dotty to join her in the kitchen.
They quickly returned, holding a pint of Haagen-Daaz.  Dotty took
several spoonfuls of the cold ice cream and spread it on my balls
and penis.  My balls retreated and my hardon relaxed.  Dotty then
told Betsy to lap up the melting ice cream.  Betsy bent down over
me and I felt her tongue licking my balls.  The warmth was invig-
orating, and my balls started to descend again.  Betsy moved her
tongue up to my cock and started licking it like an ice cream
cone.  She licked slowly, swirling the ice cream around her mouth
after each lick.  On occasion, she would take my whole penis into
her mouth and use her lips to clean off the ice cream.  Dotty
would then place another spoonful on my cock.  All this torture
was too much.  I started grinding around and the women knew what
was coming (literally...).  Betsy took me into her mouth fully
and sucked hard, her tongue rubbing up and down.  The mop up my
ass stimulated me beyond control, I tensed up and my orgasm hit
full force.  Betsy removed her mouth right before my first ejacu-
lation, she used her hands to coax and aim the thick juice shoot-
ing out.  The white goo landed all over my pubes.  Dotty took
more ice cream, and told Betsy to eat the ice cream and whipped
cream topping!  Betsy greedily licked up the whole mess.
 The two women got up and walked to the bathroom.  They
were giggling as I heard piddling in the toilet.  I wished I
could see what they were doing in there...
 When they returned, I pleaded to go to the bathroom.
Betsy was ready to untie me, but Dotty told her to wait and ran
from the room.  When she returned, she had two pair of handcuffs.
I stared at her and she said, "I'm a cop, I always carry them."
She put one pair around my ankles.  Then she sat over me while
Betsy untied my arms.  Dotty forcibly turned me over, put my arms
behind my back and cuffed me.  I didn't bother to resist, she
really knew what she was doing.  I was stood up, led into the
bathroom, and stood in front of the toilet.  Dotty took a watch
and set the timer for five minutes.  She had Betsy squat beside
me, her face at my crotch and she squatted down on my other side.
She then said I had to finish pissing before the timer went off.
No problem, I thought, all I need to do is get over the embar-
rassment of being watched at such a close distance.  Dotty took
an arm and placed it around Betsy's head.  She pulled Betsy
towards my cock and leaned into it at the same time.  Their lips
met together with my penis in the middle.  I felt their tongues
lapping me and each other.  I became rock hard instantly.  They
both stayed away from the head as they moved their lips up and
down my shaft.  I realized that several minutes had elapsed.  I
tensed my arms to increase the pressure on the cuffs.  The metal
cut into my wrists, the pain became intense and started to dis-
tract me.  I concentrated on pissing, squeezing my bladder as
hard as I could stand.  It seemed to take ages, but my hardon
went down a little and finally a few drops of piss dribbled out
and splashed into the bowl.  I tensed really hard and got a
stream to shoot out.  It was excruciating to ignore the efforts
of the women's lips and tongues.  I finally sustained a stream.
I was still emptying my bladder when the timer went off.  Dotty
gently squeezed my penis, and I painfully stopped the flow.  She
turned me away from the toilet, flushed it, and they led me back
to the bed.
 Once again I was tied to the bed.  Dotty took her panties
and disappeared into the bathroom again.  She came back holding
her panties, which were soaking wet.  Dotty placed them over my
face.  As a few drops ran off the panties and started going up my
nose, I admired the scent of her piss.  The women left me in the
room, It took me awhile, but I finally dozed off while they ate.
 
 The women entered the bedroom and I awoke.  Dotty told me
how Betsy mentioned the night we met, what we did, etc.  All of
our intimate scenes were described!  Dotty complemented the way I
had spanked Betsy.
 Dotty directed Betty to sit between my legs.  Dotty
squatted over my face, and just like the first time, thrust her
anus right at my lips.  Her scent was exquisitely exciting.  I
inhaled deeper to get even more of the scent.  My tongue came out
and circled around her anus, quickly finding the center and
quickly being allowed in.  I pushed my tongue in and out of
Dotty's anus, my smell and taste glands in heaven.  Dotty took
her arms and leaned back on them.  I felt something on my chest,
and realized that it was Betsy's head moving towards Dotty's
crotch.  Betsy lay down on my chest & stomach with her head
buried in between Dotty's legs.  I could hear Betsy's slurping,
and could feel Dotty reacting to the clit licking she was get-
ting.  Dotty pushed her butt harder onto my face, telling me to
move my tongue faster and deeper.  My poor tongue had cramps!
This kept up for a few minutes until Dotty tensed and started
trembling, her orgasm becoming quiet verbal and physical.  Dotty
got up and told Betsy to move down toward my feet.  Dotty moved
down over my penis, held it to her vagina, and sat down on it.
Dotty was very wet, I slid in easily.  I could feel her juices on
my pubic hair.  She ground around a little, and then got up off
my penis.  Still holding it, she directed it to her anus, rubbing
it around and gently pushing it in.  I was amazed at how easily
she opened her anus and took my penis in.  Pretty soon, I was all
the way in her anus.  I was about to cum when she warned me not
to.  Hey, I was still bound, I wasn't going to disobey someone
bigger than me.  After a few strokes, Dotty got up and knelt down
with her face to my penis.  She sniffed at it, and then licked it
all over.  As she did this, I could hear her moan.  She got back
on and kept grinding around.  Betsy moved into position again and
started licking Dotty.  It was only a couple of minutes before
Dotty came again.  She sat there with my penis in her ass for
several minutes, then got up and rubbed my penis all over her
face.  Dotty then licked me off and licked her face.  My balls
were turning blue from the intense sensations, I couldn't hold
back any longer.  With a deep breathe I started to spasm and
orgasm, my hot cum shooting onto Dotty's face and into her mouth.
She didn't seem to mind, her hands helped me along and she
greedily licked it all up.  When I was done though, she told me I
needed punishment for disobeying.  She told me I smelled like a
pig because I didn't shower enough, and how pigs live in their
own piss and shit.  She said she was glad I was tied into my pig
sty.
 Dotty got up and had Betsy sit on my face.  Dotty told me
to make Betsy real happy.  My tongue licked up and down her
labia, tasting her copious juices and the salty taste of old
urine.  The pheromones were intoxicating, I felt the blood rush-
ing to my penis again.  My tongue moved up and down Betsy's
crack, spreading her juices.  I finally settled my lips over her
clit, using the suction to pull it out of the hood as I licked it
gently with my tongue.  I felt something hit my chin.  It was
Dotty's hands, spreading Betsy's ass cheeks and running up and
down her crack.  Dotty stuck a finger (or more?) into Betsy's
vagina and spread the juices back onto her anus.  Betsy started
squealing in delight as Dotty's finger went into her rear.  I
felt another finger work its way into Betsy's vagina, and then it
moved out.  Betsy moaned "slower," Dotty was pushing another
finger into her anus!  Betsy was squirming more and more on my
face, I increased the pace and could feel Dotty do the same.
Betsy shuddered violently, the subsequent spasms of her orgasm
were so strong I thought she'd break my nose.
 Dotty coaxed Betsy up off my face, and I could then see
that she had her first two fingers all the way into Betsy's anus.
She gently pulled Betsy back past my stomach and positioned her
over my penis.  She sat Betsy down with my penis pushing into her
vagina.  I was rock hard again and it felt really good.  It only
lasted a couple of minutes, Dotty pulled Betsy up off my penis,
removed her fingers, and repositioned my penis at the entrance to
Betsy's anus.  Betsy was so loose and wet that I slipped right
in.  I had always been so careful with Betsy so as not to cause
pain, Dotty had her anus relaxed far beyond what I had been able
to do.  Her hot ass around my penis felt fantastic.
 Dotty stood up and had Betsy lean back onto her arms, so
her crotch opened towards my chest.  Dotty then took her hand and
pressed on Betsy's pubic hair and stomach, telling Betsy to let
loose.  Dotty's other hand spread Betsy's labia.  A few drops of
piss started to flow, Dotty aimed the stream as high as she could
towards my head.  She pushed harder.  I felt Betsy clench her
abdomen and the stream suddenly increased.  Dotty aimed it at my
torso, hitting my navel and nipples.  She took her other hand and
spread the piss all over my body.  She increased the height and
got some to splatter on my face.  It tasted like the beer, wa-
tery, but saltier.  All this turned me on even more and I started
pumping harder into Betsy.  When Betsy's piss stopped, Dotty
moved until she was squatting over my face, looking down at me.
She put her hands flat against her pubic hair.  She said, "this
place is a pig sty and your a pig."  Piss started flowing, run-
ning off her labia and dripping onto my face and neck.  Dotty was
giggling as she watch it hit me.  She moved back and forth to
cover my face.  She took her hands and turned my head to the side
and wet down my hair and ears.  She held my nose until I opened
my mouth.  Dotty clenched really hard and piss flew out like a
faucet, quickly filling my mouth.  Dotty told me to swallow if I
wanted to breathe.  She'd been talking with Betsy, no doubt.  I
swallowed and she released my nose.  The piss continued.  I
hadn't failed to notice that Betsy was squirming around, she had
a hand between her legs masturbating her clit.  Her other arm had
moved behind her, it was pushing the broom in and out of my anus.
This was too much.  I heaved a few times and starting shooting my
cum into Betsy's anus.  Dotty was still pissing as I finished
coming.  I was all done, but Dotty stayed there, punishing me
with more piss.  Her bladder was endless.  Finally she was empty,
she got up and pulled Betsy up off my penis.  She pushed Betsy
down over my face and told me to suck my cum out of Betsy's ass.
I had little choice.  Even though I was drained, the taste of my
salty thick cum mingled with Betsy's anal odor was a turn on.  As
I sucked on Betsy's anus, I felt Dotty rubbing my penis against
her face and licking it clean.  She took the mop and began pump-
ing it in and out of my anus again.  I became fully hard very
quickly, faster than I thought possible.  Dotty squeezed the base
of my penis with her fingers to make it even harder.  I was
delirious with delight.  I mumbled about coming again, and my
body started pumping up and down.  My face fell away from Betsy's
ass.  As I stared up into her crotch, she dribbled a little more
of her piss onto my lips.  I shuddered as another orgasm began, I
only shot a little into Dotty's mouth, but it still felt wonder-
ful.  The women got up and excused themselves, I heard them go
into Dotty's bedroom.
 The doors were left open, I heard squeals and moans of
delight, it sounded like Betsy was giving Dotty several orgasms.
I wished I could see!  Then I heard Betsy's sounds of bliss,
quieter then Dotty.
 Things were quieter for awhile, and then the women came
in and untied me.  The three of us retired into the bathroom and
took a loving bath together.  Dotty made sure that our anuses
were super clean.  We washed each other carefully.  It was sensu-
al, rubbing soap on their beautiful bodies.  I was more than
happy to dry both women, getting to admire their wonderful bodies
at close sight.
 We dressed and ate a late dinner.  I was famished.
Afterwards, we watched a flick on the VCR.  When we were tired,
we returned to the bedroom, changed the grossed out sheets, and
settled down for a nice long sleep.
 I waited until Betsy and Dotty were soundly sleeping.  I
very got Betsy (I knew she was a deep sleeper) turned around on
the bed.  I then carefully handcuffed one of Betsy's wrists to
Dotty's ankle.  I then used the other pair to cuff Dotty's wrist
to Betsy's ankle.  This woke Dotty up, she jumped up, dragging
Betsy's leg and awakening her.  They couldn't move very far like
that, I stayed out of reach of the flailing arms.  I ran into
Dotty's room and found her bag of goodies.  I grabbed two chains
and shackles.  When I got back to the bedroom,  The women were
falling off the bed trying to figure out how to move.  I got them
back on the bed and managed to shackle the remaining limbs.
Betsy was openly enjoying this, but Dotty was really pissed.  I
pushed them together and worked their heads in between the
other's legs.  I wrapped rope around their torsos and secured
their legs, forcing them to keep that position.  It was a sight,
Betsy and Dotty lying side by side on the bed, heads at each
other's crotch, neither able to move freely.  I told them to
enjoy each other, and left the room.  I heard some protests for a
few minutes, but after awhile moans of pleasure emerged from the
room.  I waited until all the moans died down, and then lay down
and took a nap.
 I was awakened by Dotty's yelling.  She was livid.  I
went into the bedroom and Betsy begged to be untied.  She pleaded
to be allowed to use the bathroom.  I wanted some revenge for the
day before, so I got dressed and went out to run some errands.  I
returned in the early afternoon.  I went into the bedroom and
heard moaning.  Not what I expected.  Dotty and Betsy were eating
each other with vigor.  They both had wet hair, the sheets were
soaked, and their faces were wet.  I got closer to investigate,
and actually saw Dotty shoot some piss at Betsy's face.  I knew
they couldn't hold it forever, but I never expected them to enjoy
it that much.  I was almost jealous.  Not wanting to miss out on
a good opportunity, I took my clothes off and got myself into the
action.
 Well, enough of this session.  Dotty and Betsy had some
explaining to do about their past, and there were several days
left to the visit.  Lest you be discouraged, there is plenty left
to tell about that week, but I need a rest before writing more...
 
===============================================================
 
Subject: REPOST - A Kinky Story - Part 3
 
 This is the third part to "A Kinky Story".  It involves a
hetero male and two bi women.
 I've asked for feedback and gotten very little (but
positive).  If you like this and want me to write more or improve
my style, send me feedback/suggestions (if you don't want to see
any more of this, hit the 'n' key now...)
                wi.869@wizvax.methuen.ma.us      (Luke Warmwater)
 
 This story is ShareErotica, if you like it, please donate
to a woman's cause -> NOW, NARAL, a woman's shelter, etc.  (Yes,
I'm really a feminist - I might be a deviated pervert, but I'm
still a humanist).
 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
                        A Kinky Story - Part 3
 
 Here I've told two tales and never mentioned my name.
Well, you can call me Luke Warmwater.  Betsy Wetsy thought that
up, guess we're just two of a kind.
 In case you forgot, the last tale (part 2) left off with
Betsy's friend Dotty visiting us.  This was the most sexually
varied week of my life, so I just have to describe more of what
went on.
 The next day, the three of us took a ride to the country.
It was hot and humid, we were all sweating.  Luckily we had
packed a large cooler full of soda.  We stayed out until it was
dark and then headed back.  On the way home, Betsy asked me to
stop for a john.  Every place we stopped was already closed for
the night.  Dotty and I were getting busted bladders too.  Final-
ly we saw a shopping mall off the exit.  No gas station, just the
mall.  I pulled in and parked in a hurry.  We ran into the mall
and asked about the johns.  "We're sorry, we had a major plumbing
problem and there's no water in the mall."  Oh, the pain.  We
needed relief and there were all these people around.  We walked
out of that store, wondering where to go (punny, huh?).  Dotty
pointed towards a disabled person's ramp that had a brick wall
next to it.  She led us over behind it.  The wall came up to
above our stomachs.  Dotty turned and faced the crowd, spreading
her legs and leaning on the low wall.  She started to casually
talk with us, and I heard a splattering noise.  I looked down and
saw a stream of liquid running down the ramp, coming from under
Dotty's skirt.  Betsy noticed it too, assumed the same position
next to her, and I heard more splattering.  I could believe it!
These two were standing there pissing in a mall, just a few feet
away from all these people walking by!  Not to be outdone, I bent
down as if tying my shoes, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my
penis.  I leaned up against the wall like Dotty and Betsy and
started pissing against the wall.  The three of exchanged that
look you have when you know a secret nobody else does.  Dotty put
her arm around me and then whispered in my ear, asking me to
slightly pull back the rear of her skirt.  I didn't know what she
was up to, so I pretended to put my arm around her and lifted the
skirt away from her ass.  I could feel her body strain a little,
and heard the piss hit the ground a little harder.  Then I heard
a dull plopping sound.  Dotty sighed with relief.  I heard more
plopping.  Betsy looked back behind & under Dotty and her face
was full of surprise.  She came around to my other side and
whispered in my ear.  She said that Dotty was shitting on the
floor!  I couldn't believe this woman, she'd do anything.  We
heard a little bit more piss sounds, and then Dotty stood up
straight again.  Betsy and I stared at the pile of shit awe-
struck.  I finished quickly, noticed that the streams of piss
were getting too close to the bottom of the ramp, hurriedly
zipped up, and then grabbed Dotty and Betsy.  We left the mall in
a hurry.  Dotty and Betsy could hardly contain their laughter.  I
was a little uptight about it, this was weird behavior even for
me!  But I did regret that I couldn't see the action going on
under Dotty's skirt...
 Betsy volunteers at a local woman's shelter.  They were
having their annual bake sale in two days, so we stopped at the
grocery and bought enough supplies to make a dozen pies.  After
selecting the supplies, Dotty steered us to the canned goods
aisle and picked up a few quarts of cranberry juice.
 We were all so tired that night that we just ate dinner
and went to bed.  The next morning dawned hot and humid again.
After showering and eating, we all chipped in and got the pies
made.  After we finished, we ate lunch.  The conversation got
around to the mall scene again, and Dotty was bragging about how
big her bladder was.  Betsy said hers was bigger.  I said I
didn't know whose was biggest, but that I could piss the longest.
This started quite the debate.  We decided to have a contest.  We
would all hold it up to our limit and then use a stopwatch to
time the piss.  Dotty brought out the cranberry juice, the look
on her face hinted that this was her plan all along.  We all
drank at least two large glasses.  The rest of the afternoon was
spent cleaning up the kitchen, doing wash, and drinking more
cranberry juice.  When evening came, I couldn't think about food
because of the pressure of my bladder.  After we closed the
blinds, I took my pants off to relieve the pressure.  Dotty and
Betsy accused me of cheating, so they did the same.  Pretty soon
we were all naked, enjoying the nakedness since it was so hot.
We settled on the couch and watched some TV.  It was a war of
wills, to see who would be the first to admit they had to go.
Leave it to Dotty to challenge us to a chug-a-lug.  Our glasses
filled with cranberry juice, Dotty counted to three and we drank.
Surprisingly, Betsy poured the juice down her throat and won.
The added weight on my bladder was excruciating.  My head was
pounding, I knew I couldn't last much longer.
 Betsy decided to eat some pie.  She brought back one of
the extras and placed it on the table.  As she was cutting it,
she playfully bent back the serving spatula and shot a wad of
cream at my chest.  I picked up my piece of the pie and smushed
it against one of her breasts.  Dotty leaned forward and licked
the pie off the breast.  Betsy picked up another piece and pushed
it in Dotty's face.  Dotty leaned back, picked up the rest of the
pie, used her arm to raise Betsy's legs, and threw the pie onto
her crotch.  Yummy.  I quickly squatted down on the floor and
buried my face in the two pies.  I didn't think I was hungry, but
I lapped up the pie greedily.  I saw Dotty go to the kitchen and
bring back another pie.  She went behind me.  Then I felt a pie
smashing into my ass.  Dotty's hands rubbed the pie around my
cheeks and along my crack.  As usual for her, I felt fingers
probing my anus.  As my penis hardened, I was reminded of my
bladder, but nature's calling would have to wait.  I felt Dotty's
face licking and rubbing up and down my ass.  Betsy forced her
way up and headed for the kitchen.  We knew what she was getting,
so Dotty and I quickly followed.  Betsy got a pie out and smashed
it in my face as I ran into the kitchen.  As I was rubbing it off
my eyes, I heard Betsy whimper, Dotty had pied her face.  I
grabbed another pie and got Dotty's face.  Betsy kissed Dotty's
face and they swapped pie fillings & cream on their tongues.  I
took a pie out of the tin and brought it up between Dotty's legs.
I massaged it into her crotch and paid a lot of attention to her
anus.  The women broke their embrace and Dotty had me lay on my
back on the kitchen floor.  She took a Banana Cream pie out of
the tin, broke a hole through the center from the bottom, and
carefully lowered it over my penis.  It looked weird, my hardon
sticking up through the pie.  She led Betsy's head over my penis,
Betsy took the hint and opened her lips wide.  Betsy took me in
her mouth and kept going down until her face smashed the pie.
Dotty started helping her.  I felt two mouths on my penis, hands
on my balls, and fingers going into my anus.  The mouths would
take turns sucking gently on my balls.  Dotty came and squatted
over my face.  I quickly stuck my tongue in her anus, knowing
that that was the fastest way to turn her on.  When Dotty's mouth
took its turn, Betsy jumped up, grabbed another pie, and gave it
to me.  I took the pie and slowly smushed it against Dotty's
crotch and ass.  I rubbed it in very well and resumed eating the
pie and Dotty.  This was great fun, it wasn't long before my
banana's cream joined the pie's banana cream.  Dotty also had an
orgasm, she sat down on my face so hard I could barely breathe.
Now it was Betsy's turn to orgasm.  Dotty and I lay her down and
Dotty went between her legs and started to expertly use her
tongue and fingers.  I got another two pies and smushed them onto
her breasts,  I used my tongue and fingers to tease her nipples
into hardness.  I climbed over her chest and started rubbing my
penis on and between her breasts.  The cream made it feel really
good.  I then felt Dotty's finger go into my ass.  Then Dotty
told me to get behind her.  She pushed her butt up in the air.  I
pushed my penis into her vagina and started a slow rhythm.  A
finger went into her asshole and started loosening it up.  After
a few minutes, Dotty told me to switch.  I grabbed a handful of
cream, rubbed it over my penis, rubbed some into her anus, and
then gently pushed into her.  She loved it, I wished I could
reach her clit.  Pretty soon I heard Betsy reaching a really
intense orgasm.  Dotty didn't stop, and Betsy soon reached anoth-
er.  After a few more, Betsy had enough and pushed away.
        She grabbed the stopwatch and proclaimed that she
couldn't hold her bladder anymore.  Dotty disengaged me and told
me to lay on my back.  After I did, Dotty squatted over my penis,
put it to her anus, and sat down.  I moved my hands down to her
clit and started massaging it the way she liked.  She then had
Betsy stand with her legs far apart over my chest.  Dotty held
the stopwatch.  Betsy pulled her lips apart and started pissing.
I heard the stopwatch click on.  Betsy tried to keep up a dribble
instead of a stream, but it was hard to.  The piss splattered all
over my chest, washing off the banana cream.  It felt good, the
warm liquid getting rid of the stickiness.  Dotty used her free
hand to spread the piss around.  After Dotty announced that a
minute had elapsed, Betsy's stream slowed down and she could
control it better.  Dotty gently pushed her back so the piss
would hit my face.  It sure tasted funny, like cranberry juice
but a little salty.  The pale yellow fluid washed the cream off
my face.  I heard the two minute mark go by with no end in sight.
Looking up at Betsy's beautiful crotch dripping piss onto me was
too much.  I raised my free hand and used it to spread Betsy's
buttocks a little.  The sight of her pretty anus put me over the
edge.  I heaved a couple of times and shot into Dotty's anus.  My
hand wasn't quite getting her to orgasm again though.  As I
finished, Dotty announced three minutes.  Soon Betsy's piss
became a dribble, then a drip.  Dotty stopped the watch at 3:42.
Dotty got up and lay down again.  Betsy went between her legs and
started working on her clit with her mouth.  I handed Betsy the
stopwatch and stood over them.  I started peeing.  It was easy
for me to slow the pace down, my penis was still partially hard.
I pissed on Dotty's stomach and washed off all the cream.  Betsy
announced one minute.  I moved up to her breasts and cleaned them
too.  Dotty was grinding around on the floor, her hands massaging
her breasts frantically.  I aimed for her face and washed the
cream off of it.  Betsy announced two minutes.  Dotty opened her
mouth and lapped up the piss, moaning the whole time.  I moved
the stream down again, slowly and teasingly.  I aimed for Dotty's
mons.  Piss was splattering all over Betsy, she grunted, I think
that meant three minutes.  I aimed for Betsy's head, letting the
pee drip down into Dotty's crotch.  I moved the stream up Betsy's
back, and walked around to behind her, washing the cream from her
crotch.  But I didn't want to cheat, so I quickly moved back
around front so she could see the pee.  I squatted down over
Dotty's head, facing down towards Betsy.  Dotty reached up with
her mouth and started to suck the piss out of me.  I had to
concentrate not to get so hard I couldn't piss.  Luckily, she
released me after a short time.  My pee tapered off right as
Dotty started orgasming.  It was intense, I hoped Betsy could
handle it and watch me too!  Of course she did, I heard the watch
click right on cue.  When Betsy pulled away from Dotty, I saw two
fingers removed from her vagina and a thumb from her anus.  Dotty
slow regained her senses and grabbed the watch - it said 4:09.  I
couldn't believe myself!  Then I realized that Dotty had won the
waiting game part of the contest.
 I put my arm around my back to scratch an itch.  I sud-
denly felt handcuffs clasp my wrist.  Dotty strong-armed me until
she had my arms in front and cuffed.  She put a second pair on my
legs.  Then she pushed me down on my back.  Betsy and I both
wondered what was going on.  Dotty handed Betsy the watch and
told her kneel down so she could see good.  Dotty squatted over
my face, facing me head, and holding her lips apart.  She started
pissing slowly.  She aimed it all over my face, it tasted like
Betsy's, only weaker.  Betsy announced one minute.  Dotty grabbed
my nose and held it shut.  As I opened my mouth, she aimed her
lips for mine.  I had no choice, so I opened wide and engulfed
her vulva.  As my mouth filled with piss, she let my nose go so I
could breathe.  The she said, "fuck it."
        Suddenly it felt like a faucet had been turned on.  My
mouth quickly filled with her piss.  She grabbed my nose and
commanded me to swallow.  I obeyed, given the circumstances.  I
could see Dotty squeeze even harder and felt the piss increase
even more.  I was glad that I enjoyed watersports, Dotty takes
everything to the limit.  She stood up a little so Betsy could
her the piss splattering in my mouth and on my face.  I heard
Betsy moan as she saw the sight from under Dotty's ass.  Under?
It was then that I realized that Betsy had moved and was using
her wonderful oral skills on me.  I was rock hard and getting
ready to orgasm.  How could I not have noticed?  I realized that
most of my stimulation was coming from Dotty's actions and my
fantasies.  Dotty was giggling as she looked down at my face.
She squeezed really hard again and I opened wide as another
torrent flooded me.  Betsy had a finger in my anus that was
massaging my prostrate.  Her other hand was on my balls.  I was
going over the edge.  Right before I went, I wondered where the
stopwatch was?  But not for long, I stared up at Dotty's crotch
and that started, as they say, the second coming.  Betsy shared
my banana cream with Dotty.  Then Dotty frenched with me to taste
her own piss (of course I saved a little, I was learning her
habits well.)  Dotty said it was worth losing to me...
 What a mess!  The kitchen had puddles of piss with banana
cream floating on it.  We quickly grabbed towels and mops and
cleaned it up before bad odors could arise.  Then we took the
nasty towels and our bodies into the shower and got everything
clean.  It felt good to get all the stuff out of my hair.  After
we dried, it was 10:30pm.  We ran to the grocery to get a new set
of supplies, and had to stay up all night making pies over again.
But we all agreed it was worth it (plus the woman's shelter made
$200!)
 After delivering the pies the next morning, we went back
and all fell asleep, the warmth of the day heating the bedroom,
three nude bodies cuddled together, and of course, three of the
biggest smiles imaginable.  I slept soundly, dreaming of what
Dotty had in store for us next...
 
===============================================================
 
Subject: A Kinky Story - Part 4 (New)
 
 
 This is the fourth part to "A Kinky Story".  It involves
a hetero male and two bi women.
 I've asked for feedback and gotten very little (but
positive).  If you like this and want me to write more or improve
my style, send me feedback/suggestions (if you don't want to see
any more of this, hit the 'n' key now...)
                wi.869@wizvax.methuen.ma.us      (Luke Warmwater)
 
 This story is ShareErotica, if you like it, please donate
to a woman's cause -> NOW, NARAL, a woman's shelter, etc.  (Yes,
I'm really a feminist - I might be a deviated pervert, but I'm
still a humanist).
 
                        A Kinky Story - Part 4
 
 Dotty, Betsy and I woke up late in the day, finally
refreshed from the pie activities the previous day.  We decided
to go out to dinner, so we showered and dressed.  Dotty looked
stunning in her loose fitting short pleated skirt and low-cut
blouse.  Betsy wore a tight mini-skirt that showed off her per-
fectly shaped ass.
 We walked to a nice restaurant nearby, the type with
semi-private booths and long tablecloths.  Betsy ordered a carafe
of white wine, and we drank it by time we ordered.  We had a
second carafe with dinner.  By the time we were ready for des-
sert, we were all crocked.  Dotty was her usual self, teasing me
and playing footsie under the table.  Suddenly she grabbed my
half-empty wine glass and it disappeared under the table.  Dotty
leaned forward on the edge of her seat.  She gave me this wicked
smile.  I looked at Betsy and then we both heard some dripping
noises.  A few seconds later, Dotty leaned back and the glass
reappeared - full this time!  She placed it in front of me.  She
leaned back in her seat and I felt pressure in my crotch.  It was
her foot, firmly poised with her heel right on my balls.  She
told me to empty the glass or else.  I was full, drinking her
piss didn't sound like a great idea.  As I hesitated, her foot
slowly massaged my crotch and I started getting aroused.  Dotty
turned so she was mostly facing the wall, and then she popped one
of her breasts out of her blouse.  I couldn't believe it!  The
other patrons couldn't see, but I wondered what would happen if
the waitress returned.  Now I was getting turned on, so I picked
up the glass and drank it.  Dotty's piss didn't really ruin the
wine taste, much to my relief.  After I emptied my glass, Dotty's
foot went back to the floor.  It was time for dessert.  I ordered
cheesecake, Betsy ordered sorbet, and Dotty ordered a sundae with
whipped cream.  And we got another carafe of wine.  After the
waitress left, Betsy grabbed the carafe and it disappeared below
the table.  You guessed it, she leaned forward and I heard her
tinkle into the wine.  She brought the carafe to the table and
gently swirled it around to make sure it was well mixed.  She
then poured us each a glass.  Then she called over the waitress
and said the wine tasted funny.  We each took a sip and agreed.
The waitress took a sip and cringed.  She took the carafe and the
glasses and went for replacements.  When she was out of sight, we
all laughed hard, knowing she would have the manager, etc.  taste
it too.  I then felt Dotty's hand move to my crotch.  She manipu-
lated my zipper down and managed to get my semi-hard penis out.
Then she started stroking me expertly.  Her other hand disap-
peared below the table and she leaned forward.  Then she brought
the hand to my mouth and nose.  I could smell the sweet musk of
her pussy and the dank odor of her anus.  Betsy grabbed Dotty's
sundae and it disappeared under the table.  I felt something cold
touch the tip of my penis.  I felt Dotty increase her pace and I
shut my eyes.  I inhaled deeply, catching Dotty's odors.  That
brought me over the edge and I came, shooting my wad into the
sundae.  After I finished, Betsy took the sundae and put it back.
Dotty took her spoon and scooped up the semen as much as she
could, and greedily ate it.  She took another spoonful and of-
fered it to Betsy.  I sat dazed as they ate the sundae.  When the
waitress walked by, they moaned and complimented her on the great
cream served...
 We went home and immediately hit the sheets.  Of course,
we didn't sleep, but that night was uneventful compared to the
next night...
 The next day Betsy had to go into work again, so Dotty
and I did some touring and shopping.  Dotty asked me what was the
kinkiest thing Betsy had ever done to me.
 I told her about the Saran Wrap night.  If you recall
from part one, Betsy had me handcuffed with my ankles tied to the
bed.  She "diapered" herself with the extra-strength Saran Wrap,
using a belt to hold it up.  She tore a small hole for her clit
to stick out.  She then explained, "I've read than when elephants
get sexually excited, they piss and shit all over before and
after sex.  I've always wondered what it would feel like.  This
is my desire.  I am your mistress.  Your reward for obedience
will be an orgasm.  Now get me sexually excited."  Betsy placed a
clamping light on the headboard and pointed it over my face.
Then she squatted down over my face, her head over my crotch.  I
felt her lips on my penis, and my initial shock subsided.  I
raised my mouth to her clit.  Betsy's grinding told me it felt OK
to her.  Her ass and crotch were stuck in my face, every detail
brilliantly lit by the light.  I had no choice but to stare at
it.  After eating awhile, I felt warmth on my upper lip.  Soon I
felt a few drops of liquid coming through the hole in the wrap.
Betsy's piss tasted as sweet as usual.  I kept licking her clit
frantically, and as her piss spurted out her grinding increased.
Suddenly Betsy tensed and the piss shot out like a broken faucet,
I could hear it splashing all over inside the Saran Wrap.  It
just as suddenly stopped as her orgasm hit.  Piss was leaking
from the edges of the diaper, dripping all over my face and neck.
I kept eating her, knowing she wasn't a one orgasm woman.  As I
ate, I saw her anus open slightly.  The light was so bright I
could see part way in.  Suddenly I saw her shit moving towards
the opening.  I almost felt like gagging, but Betsy's mouth and
tongue were sucking and licking my hard penis and I knew the
Saran wrap was there.  I watch in fascination as the turd was
pushed slowly out of her asshole.  When it hit the Saran Wrap, it
couldn't go any further, so it started squashing.  Betsy tensed
and suddenly I heard more piss as the rest of her huge turd
pushed out and squished against the Saran Wrap.  All this was
occurring just inches from my eyes!  Betsy started coming again,
a very powerful orgasm.  I sucked her clit hard and licked it
fast, prolonging her orgasm.  Right after she finished, she
started working on me again, and I was soon close to orgasm.
Right as I started over the hill, Betsy sat down on my face.  It
felt really weird.  Through the Saran Wrap her warm shit smushed
against my nose and cheeks.  It was too much, I started shooting
sperm out, so powerfully it almost hurt.  Whew, this was new
beyond my wildest fantasies.  Betsy got up quickly and ran to the
shower.  I didn't envy the cleanup job she had to do...
 This gave Dotty an idea to surprise Betsy.  When we went
to the supermarket, we bought lemonade, chocolate, and fudge mix.
At home, we mixed lemonade until it looked just like piss.  Then
we mixed fudge & chocolate until it was the color of shit and the
same texture (Oh - we guessed the texture, no real samples, sorry
to disappoint you!).  We hid the lemonade and fudge.
 Betsy came home, we ate dinner, and pretty soon were in
bed again (aren't you surprised?).  Dotty immediately took a
dominating role, I was cuffed and my legs shackled.  She tied
Betsy spread-eagled on the bed.  Dotty squatted over Betsy's face
in the 69 position.  It was wonderful to watch these two.  Both
caressed each other's pussy with soft, gentle lips and loving
tongues.  I became extremely aroused just watching it.  But Dotty
forbid me to touch myself or participate.  I could smell their
sweet musky juices and it aroused my nostrils.  I watched help-
lessly while Betsy had her orgasm, followed by Dotty.  Dotty got
up, told me to stay put, and went to the kitchen.  She returned
with a large, deep bowl, which she placed on Betsy's chest below
her breasts.  Betsy couldn't see inside the bowl.  Dotty squatted
down over the bowl and faced Betsy, pulling her pussy lips apart.
She told me to come around and watch, I lay down, my head next to
Betsy's.  Soon Dotty started pissing into the bowl.  She took
care to aim precisely.  Betsy and I watched her anus spread open
and a turd slowly emerge.  The turd plopped into the bowl with a
slight splash.  Dotty continued pissing and shitting for a couple
of minutes.  Then she got up, placed the bowl on the night table,
ran to the kitchen, and returned with an empty glass.  She told
me to sit up on the bed.  Dotty dipped the glass into the bowl,
pulling it away part full of yellow liquid and brown lumps.  She
brought it to my lips.  I gagged, but she told me to drink it or
else.  Her free hand grabbed my balls to emphasize what would
happen if I didn't.  As I slowly drank, I could hear Betsy moan-
ing something like "unbelievable, holy shit!!!"  Dotty was star-
ing at Betsy's face and smiling.  I had to open my mouth wide to
get the brown lumps in.  I chewed them and swallowed painfully.
There was obvious pain on my face as I drank and ate.  Finally
the glass was empty.  I turned to look at Betsy.  Her face was
awestruck, her nipples hard and large, and she was grinding
vigorously on the bed.  Dotty's hand had moved from my balls to
her clit.  Dotty soon replaced her hand with her mouth, moved her
fingers into Betsy's vagina and anus.  Betsy came within seconds,
shaking the bed violently.  Dotty kept eating her, and she came
again, even more violently, screaming loudly with pleasure.
        After she was spent, Dotty got up, dipped the glass into
the bowl again, and drank it down quickly, lumps and all.  Then
she said, "Best lemonade float I've ever had."  Betsy didn't
quite get it, Dotty looked at me and we both burst out laughing.
Betsy still looked stunned.  Dotty untied Betsy.  She showed her
the second small bowl within the large bowl and how she had
scooped up the lemonade and fudge instead of the shit and piss.
I'm not sure, but I think Betsy was actually disappointed by the
revelation.  Dotty took the bowl away, since it was getting kinda
smelly...
 The rest of the night was somewhat uneventful.  Just your
normal mixture of oral and anal fun with these two wonderfully
perverted women.  Oh yeah, and we even had some vaginal inter-
course, mainly so the women could lick and taste each other's
juices on my penis.
 Well, the next day was spent getting Dotty back to the
airport.  The three of us had grown very fond of each other.  I
never thought I was so capable of kinkiness, but I learned so
much from Dotty and Betsy.  Betsy and I spent a quiet evening,
almost bored with each other.  We went to bed and simply cuddled
together, exhausted from a week of the wildest sex ever.  But my
dreams were as sexual as ever, and when I awoke, I had a raging
hard-on and a clear memory of the dream.  But alas, that's a tale
left to be told...
 
--
