Copyright © 1998,   JeffB.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit, or on another website 
without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (headers & footers intact).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com, mrdouble@airmail.net, 
or mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


A wildPage story from MrDouble's archive, 
File: kisscous.txt from kisscous.zip
http://www.mrdouble.com


KISSIN' COUSINS

by JeffB


	It had been about ten years since I had seen cousin Becky, my family having moved away when dad took the new job at the refinery.  I remembered her as a scrawny seven year old with pigtails. And she remembered me as that nine year old brat who used to pull those pigtails. So you can imagine my surprise when she stepped off the bus at the terminal. The pigtails had been replaced with flowing tresses that sparkled in the hot south Texas sun. Tresses that perfectly framed that glorious face with the bedroom eyes and those luscious full lips. And scanning further down, I realized that her hair and lips weren't the only things to "fill out" on sweet cousin Becky. She was sporting a rack that any  girl would be proud of, and most girls would kill to have. Follow this up with a set of fantastic hips and a pair of legs that reach clear up to wherever, and I gotta admit I was finally starting to anticipate her visit.

	Her mom (my mom's sister) had sent her here for a visit, in hopes that she would get over some jerk she had been dating back home. They thought a change of scenery would do her some good. I must admit, it was starting to do me some good already. Did I really complain to mom about giving up some of my free time to come down here to meet the bus? Hell, if she'd shown me a recent photograph of Becky I'd have walked the 300 miles to her house and carried her down here on my back.  

	I stepped up to her and thought it best if I address her by name first, so she'd know I wasn't just trying to pick her up, which is of course exactly what I was there for anyway.
She smiled, put her arms around me, gave me a big hug and a peck on the cheek that probably passed for a kiss. "Thanks for being here. I thought I would have to call a taxi or something to get out to your place." I hugged her back, but before I could reciprocate with a kiss of my own she had released me and was proceeding to where the luggage had been stacked. We retrieved her bags, loaded them into my van, and drove out to our place.

	Mom was working (she's a beautician at the mall) and dad was out of town at one of the remote drilling sites, so we were on our own at home. Anyway, I got her unloaded and established in the upstairs guest room, down the hall from my bedroom. Mom and dad had a master suite on the ground floor. She spent the afternoon unpacking and settling in. Somehow whatever it was that I resented giving up time from this morning no longer interested me. I just hung out around the house, occasionally getting a glimpse of Becky as she moved about. She had changed out of her traveling clothes, and was wearing a pair of shorts and a halter top that was almost too small. Needless to say every time she passed by my bedroom door I had to readjust my equipment.

	About 6:00 I heard the shower running in the guest bathroom. Half an hour later Becky emerged and I must admit I was disappointed that she had changed outfits. The shorts and halter top had given way to a modest non-descript dress. Oh well, at least I could fantasize about her in that shower.

	Mom got home about 7:00 and we had dinner. She wanted to catch up on all the home town gossip that Becky could share, so after a while I excused myself and went upstairs to go to bed. I'd been laying in bed for a couple of hours, thinking carnal thoughts about Becky and finally decided I was too worked up to get any sleep without getting some "relief" first. 

	So there I was, laying on my back with my eyes closed, leisurely sliding my foreskin up over my dick head, imagining sweet Becky was..... when all of a sudden she was. I mean she was right there in my room with me. I felt her fingers gently enfold my moving hand, opened my eyes with a start and saw that she was down beside my bed.  She was wearing only the top of one of those baby doll pajama outfits, and by the exposed breasts I could see it wasn't buttoned. Her bare ass was cradled on her legs which were folded up under her. While my door had been closed, it was not locked. She had slipped in and made it all the way over to me without alerting me to her presence. I started to speak, when she held up the forefinger of her free hand against her lips in the universal "shhh" signal. Oh, those lips again. Then she returned her attention to her other hand, which had stopped moving when mine did. 

	She slowly pried my fingers from my erection and replaced them with her own hand. She lowered her stroke towards my belly, and then back up again to the tip. Back and forth, and not like a novice either. She knew how to vary both the speed and the pressure of her stroking, and it must be that she had a lot of practice at what she was doing. Here was one little cuite who seemed to know her way around a mans' pleasure. She was kneeling on the right side of my bed, using her left hand to stroke my pecker. Now, with her right hand she reached over and started to caress my balls. Gently rubbing, kneading, teasing... she worked on me with both hands and I was starting to squirm with anticipation. She played with me like this for a minute or two, then brought me up to a start with a particularly strong squeeze.

 "Don't you dare come now, you bastard,"  in a hushed but commanding whisper. "I'm not done with you yet and I've waited all day for this. You come now and you'll spoil it for both of us. I've had nothing but this on my mind since the bus station this morning. You think it was an accident that I wore those shorts and that top all afternoon? So like they say... when rape in inevitable, lay back and enjoy it." Then she went back to stroking and rubbing. Guess that left little doubt as to who's in charge here. So I submitted and acted upon her advice.

	And it's kinda strange too. I seemed able to relax and really get into being the object of attention and desire here. Made me feel real good too. So I lay there and she's stroking and rubbing and squeezing just so. Then she reached over me with her right hand, grabbed my butt and rolled me over on my right side, and directly into those lucious waiting lips, which she closed down over my erection. Now her lips and tongue replaced her hand in stroking and squeezing my penis. In and out, from tip to base and back, she really did a number on me. God, I thought I was going to pass out from the feeling.

	Anyway, she gnawed and slurped me for a good five minutes, and I do mean GOOD... My head was thrown back on the pillow and my eyes screwed shut. I was afraid that if I looked the sight of what she was doing to me would push me off that orgasmic
cliff I was teetering over.

	But then something happened that DID cause me to open my eyes and risk it all.
In one fluid movement, without seeming to miss a stroke, she managed to roll me over onto my back again, vault up onto the bed and impale herself down on my erection. Honest, she slid onto me so deftly I  just had to look and see exactly which pair of lips was now sliding up and down on my manhood. I could have saved the effort though, but I would have missed a great sight. Because no sooner was she astride than she leaned into be with her whole body. Those succulent tits were grinding into my chest, and her glistening lips were brushing mine, her tongue  darting and probing, urging me to open to her. Now, she had just spent the last five minutes sucking my dick, and I know that to some guys this may be a turn off. I say don't knock it till you've tried it. I yielded and discovered (not to my surprise) that her tongue was as talented inside my mouth as it was wrapped around my erection.

	So she's doing the bump and grind on my crotch while she's playing tonsil hockey in my mouth. She raised up on her arms, her breasts dangling free. "Squeeze my tits"
she commanded, and I complied. Now each glistening orb was engulfed by my fingers,
and I alternated light and heavy pressure on them as best I could. I kept my eyes open now, watching her face as she closed her eyes and rocked back and forth over my straining cock. "Please Becky, I'm gonna have to come soon.", I pleaded. "No, no, no not yet" she huffed back. "Just a little more please. I'm almost there myself."

	She tightened her grip on my swollen throbbing cock, and I in turn almost ripped her tits off. I was hanging on for dear life as her rocking literally lifted my ass up off the bed and slammed it back down again. I could tell by her breathing  (or lack thereof) that she really was on the verge of coming. With all my remaining strength I planted my feet flat on the mattress and lifted my butt (and her) off the bed, driving as deep inside her as I possibly could. That did the trick for her, and she opened her eyes and forcefully exhaled.
I let go of her tits, wrapped my arms around her neck and pulled her face down onto mine.
I feverishly sought those succulent lips, and closed on her in time to stifle her squeal of orgasmic pleasure. The last thing either of us wanted was to wake up mom, even though she was downstairs and at the opposite end of the house.

	The rhythmic quivering and shaking of her hot wet pussy signaled me that she had indeed made it to that ultimate pleasure of orgasmic bliss. Her contractions rippled along the length of my erection, and I reciprocated in kind. God, it must have taken both of us an entire minute to expend our pent-up satisfaction. We thrashed and bumped and squirted together, and somehow our simultaneous explosion fortified each other until we were both literally drained and spent. Slowly, as our tension subsided we began to relax our mutual grips. I freed her from my arms, and she slowly swung her left leg up and over, collapsing on her back there next to me on the bed. Love juices trickled out of her pussy, and rolled down my slowly shrinking cock as I reached to put my left arm around her and snuggle her up to me.

	She responded by rolling up onto her right side, nuzzling her head into my chest, and I swear she purred like a contented cat. After a few minutes, she raised up, planted a warm wet kiss on my mouth, and thanked me for what she called the best "welcome" gift she had ever had in her life. I responded that she wasn't too shabby herself when it came to surprises. She eased herself out of bed, a little wobbly on her feet, and slowly ventured to the door. Before she closed it behind her, she looked back at me and whispered "next time my room." I just collapsed back onto the bed and thought "I'll try to make it." Somehow, though, I think I'll be up to the task when the time comes. After all, I have to show her that I can keep up with her, don't I?

	The next morning, mom called both of us down for breakfast. Becky came out of her room still wearing the same shorty pajama top from the night before. Whether she  had the bottoms on was anybody's guess as she also wore a floor length terrycloth robe and matching slippers. I had already showered and dressed. As she got up beside me she reached out and taking my hand placed it inside the lower part of the fastened robe. The question of the pajama bottoms was answered, as my fingers brushed against the soft hairs and lips of her bare vagina. With her other hand she gave my cock a quick squeeze, then she was off downstairs to breakfast. I followed, but had to hold back a bit. Taking stairs with a boner isn't all that comfortable.

	Becky told mom that the change of scenery must be agreeing with her, and that she had slept better last night than she had in a long time.

	Mom left for work about 8:45, and I think by 8:46 Becky and I were already upstairs standing in the hall outside her room. Never knew I could go up those stairs so fast with a boner. Anyway, I told her that now it's my turn to play director, and that she must listen to me and do as I say. Because if she doesn't obey me she will have to be punished. At that,  I lifted the back of her robe a firmly swatted her on her sweet bare ass. >From the sound my hand made, and the spreading redness, I knew she couldn't help but get the message. She immediately fell into character, dropped to her knees before me, and  wrapped her arms around my waist. "Yes, master. I am here only to please and serve you. Your every wish is my command." 

	I opened the door to the guest room and ushered her inside. I told her to take off her clothes, and climb up onto the bed. It was a queen size bed with an ornate brass head and foot board. Before she got onto the bed we removed the spread and blanket, but left the pillows. I remembered how delicious it was last night while she tortured me out of my fuckin' mind, and determined to return the favor now. I went to my room and retrieved a few supplies, then started in to play fun and games.

 	First I securely bound her wrists to the corner posts of the headboard. Her ankles were bound to the foot rails, and a pillow was placed under her ass, raising her hips and pussy off the bed. Then I placed a blindfold on her, but resisted the urge to gag her. We were alone in an isolated house, with nobody else around to hear her. Besides, I wanted access to those beautiful lips for later. I had better things to stick in there than a gag.

	Taking a silk scarf from the dresser, I slowly began to drag it along her body. Starting with the front of her left leg, I teased the scarf down to  the ankle, then back up along the inner leg and thigh, stopping short of her pussy. Back and forth, first one leg than the other. I could tell from her squirming twitches that it tickle/itched her. Then along the arms and torso, crossing the abdomen and back up again. But carefully avoiding the breasts. Back and forth, now the legs, now the upper body. She never knew where the scarf would light, and how long it would linger.

	Finally I relented and started teasing her breasts with that scarf. Back and forth, 'round and 'round. I could see by the way she clenched her hands that she way dying to scratch the delicious itch that I was producing. Then I started teasing along the outer lips of her vagina and she about jumped off the bed. I would start at the bottom edge and tease upwards towards, but never quite reaching, her clitoris. Every time the scarf traveled upwards, it peaked out from under its' protective sheath. All moist and pink, and as she was quite aroused by now it had noticeably increased in size.

	Then, without saying a word, I left the room. Just left her there, wondering what is this fool up to now. Anticipation can be a real turn-on if you play it right. Anyway, I returned a few minutes later. Unknown to her, I had retrieved a bowl of icecubes from the freezer downstairs. Now I took one of them and began the tracing game all over again. When that first icecube touched her skin, she let out a squeal. I just kept tracing back and forth, around and around, one icecube after the other. When I started on her breasts, I moved the cube in ever decreasing circles, until I finally reached a very firm and erect nipple. Who would believe that an icecube could make someone as hot at this?
	
	I started stroking her vagina with the ice, and the shivers that she made weren't because she was cold. At one point, when the icecube was about half melted, I slipped the damn thing up inside her pussy. She really squirmed at that. Always being careful to touch her everywhere except the one spot that she craved; that glowing pink clitoris that by now was fully distended and erect.

	Finally I decided we both needed to press a little flesh, so I replaced the scarf and icecubes with my fingers. And again I started that tracing game all over. Back and forth, up and down, 'round and 'round, touching, lingering, moving on. Touching everywhere and everything except again that one magic spot that by now was literally begging for attention and relief. Her poor clitty was so engorged that it looked like it would explode if it didn't get relief and soon.

	I climbed up onto the bed with her and replaced my fingers with another part of my body. Using my tongue, I started the whole damn thing all over again and by now she was going apeshit for relief. Slowly up and down, back and forth, 'round and... well, you get the picture. When I started to tease her vagina with my tongue, I thought she'd buck me off the bed. Slowly and deliberately I stroked her pussy from bottom to top and back again; except for that pleading nubbin of flesh that was straining itself to reach my tongue as it slid up and down her pussy. Never quite able to reach it though.

	Then I slipped astride her and started tickle/teasing her with my dick. Christ, did she ever scream at that. "God damn it are you ever going to fuck me or what?" was how I think she broached the question. "All in my own sweet time, my dear." Leaning forward, I placed my erection up between her breasts and squeezed them together. Slowly, oh so slowly I humped those fantastic tits. I pressed them against my dick and tweaked the nipples. Rocked back and forth, but took care that no part of me came even close to touching her clitty.

	Finally, I moved down and started teasing her pussy with my dick. Back and forth, sliding from bottom to top and back down, approaching but you guessed it never touching her clitty or plunging deep inside her. Man, by now she was so frantic I thought the bed would collapse. Her moaning and groaning got louder and more animated, ending with her oath to "fuckin' kill me if I don't get on with this." Discretion being the better part of valor, I fucked her. Rather I slid all the way up inside her and let the throes of her thundering orgasm finish off both of us at the same time. I collapsed full body across her and she let out a warwhoop that would have done Geronimo proud. 

	Now, it's important whenever you have someone tied up like this that as soon as possible you untie them. As soon as she finished thrashing around I reached up and untied her arms, then her legs, all of which she proceeded to wrap around me. We just laid there for at least an hour before either of us could move. As much of a strain this was on her, it was equally a strain on me. It's not that easy holding back when you want to charge ahead. But it is more rewarding. Now in my book this beats a trip to the malt shop any day. She thought so too.


















    *---(:>     Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!     <:)---*


                               www.mrdouble.com
  

                                 doubleMirrors at:
       http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirror.htm


                Let the Show begin....I've been Ready.


                         *---(:>   Mr Double   <:)---*