Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy


Kitchen Floor (18 yr. Old daughter lusts for her father and
seduces him into fucking her right in front of her 5 year old
sister on the kitchen floor)

	

I just have to tell you about my little story.  You see, I've
wanted to fuck my father ever since I was 16.  Now I'm 18 and I
finally got what I've always wanted.  Let me tell you how it
happened.

I knew all along that my father wanted me too.  I have a size 38
chest with only a size 24 waist.  Believe me, my father spent a
good deal of his time trying not to look at my tits whenever I
wore something skimpy (which was often lately).

My 5 year old sister Tara and I had been bored all day.  Today
was the day I figured.  There was nothing left to do but try. 
Tara and I were searching through the fridge when my father came
up behind us and said the magic words.

"I'm bored," he said.

"Really?" I replied.  "So are we."

"What do you want to do?" he asked.  Dumb mistake for him!

"I don't know," I said teasingly as I unbuttoned my blouse
quickly and opened it up to show him my big tits and my black
lace bra.  "I can't think of a thing to do, can you?"

My father licked his lips and glanced quickly at Tara before
looking back down my shirt.

"I uh, can think of something," he said.

"Really?" I asked as I continued unbuttoning my blouse all the
way until I pulled it completely open.  "What?"

"Maybe we should go in the bedroom and take a nap," my father
said.

Then I did what proved to be the finishing touches.  I unsnapped
my bra and pulled off my shirt and bra at the same time.  There
I was standing half naked in front of my father with his mouth
hanging halfway to the floor.

"Tara," my father said.  "Maybe you should get your dolls and..."

"Tara," I interrupted.  "Which would you rather do: play with
your dolls or learn how to make babies?"

"I wanna know how to make babies," Tara said.

"There you have it," I said as I started to unzip my jeans.  "We
better show her."

"She's only five," daddy protested.

Then I applied the kill as I pretended to put my clothes back
on, "You're right, maybe we should just all play dolls."

"No!" Tara said smartly.  "I wanna see how babies are made."

"Should we play with dolls or show her?" I asked.

"I guess we should show her," Daddy finally conceded.

"I knew you wanted to fuck me," I said flatly as I continued
unzipping my pants now.  "You want to fuck me so bad don't you?"

"Yes," My father said huskily as he began unzipping his pants
now.

"You want to fuck the hell out of your slutty little daughter
don't you?" I asked as I ripped my jeans down in a hurry and
stepped out of them.

"Yes," Daddy agreed.  "OH GOD YES."

As I pulled down my black panties I stared at my father's crotch.

"I'm gonna fuck that big cock of yours so hard Daddy," I said as
my panties came off.  "I can't wait to have you inside my tight
pussy."

With great speed my father pulled off his pants and underwear to
reveal the most impressive 9 inch cock I've ever seen.

"Now Tara," I said as I got on my back on the floor and pulled
my knees up to my chest.  "Daddy's going to stuff his big cock
up my little tight pussy and make a baby with me."

Daddy dropped to his knees in a hurry and guided his huge cock
right between my legs.  Tara watched with wide eyes as my father
spread my tight pussy and pushed his cock into it slowly.

"Oh GOD!" I screamed as my father's cock stretched my pussy nice
and wide with that full painful feeling I love so much.

Daddy laid down further placing his hands on either side of me
in a push up position and drove his massive cock straight into
me with one hard push.

"FUCK ME!!!" I screamed out loud.   "Fuck my tight pussy
Daddy!!!"

"You're so tight!" Daddy moaned.  "You're so tight."

"Oh God Daddy," I moaned as he ground his fat cock against my
cervix.  "I've kept my pussy nice and tight just for you.  Just
for you Daddy."

"Oh God!" Daddy moaned as he slowly pulled his gigantic cock out
of my pussy and slid it back in again.  "OH GOD!"

"I'm your little fuck bitch!" I told him.  "I'll fuck your big
cock every day Daddy!!"

"Oh Baby," he moaned as he leaned down and kissed my big tits
and began sucking my nipples as he slowly fucked me with hard
deliberate strokes.

"That's right Daddy," I moaned as I pushed my tits up in a bunch
so he could suck them better.  "Drill my pussy!  Fuck the shit
out of me Daddy!"

Suddenly Daddy began to slam me against the kitchen floor with
pounding thrusts that made me cum instantly.

"OH YES DADDY!" I screamed.  "MAKE ME CUM!!!"

"OH BABY!" Daddy yelled.  "OH BABY CUM!!!"

"I'm cumming Daddy!" I continued screaming.  "Pound my pussy
harder!  I'm cumming!!!"

"Oh God," Daddy groaned at last.  "I'm gonna cum."

"Shoot that hot cum all over my big tits daddy!" I told him. 
"Show Tara how you squirt your fuck slut daughter with your hot
cum!"

"ARGH!!" Daddy yelled as he pulled out and shot cum all the way
up my stomach and onto my tits. 

"YES DADDY, YES!!" I squealed in pleasure.  "Jerk that cum all
over me!"

"OH GOD!" Daddy groaned as he quickly crawled up to my face and
started jerking himself off into my mouth.  I opened wide and
caught my daddy's cum on my lips and tongue.

"Cum in my mouth," I panted.  "MMM, Daddy, that tastes so good!"

Finally Daddy leaned back against the refrigerator and laughed
in orgasmic afterglow.

"Ooo, Daddy," I said rubbing his cum into my big tits.  "Do I
look good covered in Daddy's cum?"

"Oh man," He laughed.  "That's so good."

"Do you like fucking me Daddy?" I asked as I got up on my knees
and rubbed my still wanting pussy.

"Oh yes baby," he smiled.  "I love fucking you."










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....