KITTY.TXT written September-October, 1990
Copyright (C) 1990 by Green Hell, Inc.
(Unlimited distribution is permitted as long as file remains unchanged.)

                            "Anitta's Second Pussy"
                  [YET ANOTHER INFAMOUS GREEN HELL PRODUCTION]


                                    --------
                       The problem with a kitten is THAT,
                       Eventually it grows up to be a CAT!
                                              --Ogden Nash
                                    --------

    Kittens are very adorable animals, with their soft and fluffy fur, their
cute little high-pitched meows. And of course they are so much fun to watch
when at play.

    Watching the fuzzy, clumsy things rolling and bounding across the carpet,
Anitta found her resistance breaking down. Her friend Josie had been pushing
Anitta to take one of the kittens.

    "You don't have *any* other pets, your apartment building allows cats, and
they are real easy to take care of." Josie was almost like an eager saleswoman
at a department store, trying to convince a customer how easy it would be to
buy just that one little item.

    "I don't know..." Anitta said, watching as one grayish kitten jumped up and
down on a sibling in fiendish mock-battle. "The last cat I had was back when I
was just a kid. He got hit by a car." She looked a bit sad about this, but
smiled when a black and white patterned kitten tumbled two of it's siblings
over in one swipe, then lost it's balance and fell on it's rump.

    "Then it's been too long since you had a pussy cat," Josie said with
confidence.

    "Yes," Anitta said, reaching out to stroke one of the quieter kitten's on
the head, "it's been too long."

    Chaos stalked the rubber mouse carefully, body hugged to the kitchen floor
with his tail wagging in the air. Anitta watched from the counter, stifling an
urge to laugh at the young cat's seriousness. When she had chosen the black and
white kitten, it had adjusted to her apartment rapidly, after a few days of
meowing for it's companions. To keep Chaos (who fast earned the name) happy,
she had bought several cat toys and spent much of her free time playing with
him.

    Now the high speed kitten was a young cat, nearly a year old. The rubber
mouse, unsuspecting of it's fate, contemplated Anitta with eyes of black
plastic.

    Don't look at me, Anitta thought, it's not like you're going to suffer.

    Chaos bounded across the short distance between him and the toy, which gave
a wheezy squeak of surprise. After chewing and pulling at it for several
minutes, Chaos determined that the enemy was defeated and the kitchen once
again safe for Democracy. The mouse was slightly more chewed and looked like it
might be considering a change of occupation.

    Chaos ran suddenly from the kitchen to the apartment hallway, then walked
reagally to Anitta's chair and began to rub up against her legs, purring
loudly. "Mrrroowww?"

    "You had your supper," Anitta said, "this is mine." She used one stockinged
foot to caress Chaos back, who flopped down onto his side and started to bat at
it. "Hey, that's my foot, not a toy!" Anitta poked Chaos so that he rolled onto
his back. She noted that as usual he had an erection. The bright red tip of the
penis peeked out from it's short, furred sheath. She had not yet gotten around
to getting him fixed, since she had no other cats and he was kept in the
apartment all the time. This meant that Chaos tended to be in a regular state
of excitement, especially after playing.

    "Mrrrrrrph..." Chaos suddenly shifted as if a flea were itching him and
started to lick his penis. Anitta felt strangely invasive watching him so she
looked back at her plate.

    "Me and you both, kid. At least you can lick your trouble spot." Anitta
sighed and pushed the plate away. No boyfriend for the last six months, and
only two one-night stands. Her job at the bank and her studies at school were
so demanding that sometimes she felt like just saying "fuck it!"

    Time for Mr. Vibrator, Anitta decided. It was Friday night, a time when
many people were partying or playing. An absence of a party, Anitta thought, I
might as well fuck myself silly.

    She dumped the remains of her meal in the garbage, left the plate in the
sink, and went to the bedroom. Chaos ignored his owner, continuing with his
cleaning.

    "Mrrpth."

    Like A Virgin? Deep Throat II? Maybe a classic... Of course, Peter North
has a yummy body and big, juicy balls...

    Anitta pulled the XXX-rated videotape out of it's box and loaded it into
the VCR. Usually it was fine to just fantasize, but tonight she wanted to fuck
someone so bad that even watching a guy doing it to someone else would be a
pleasure. As the tape started up, Anitta removed her clothes without any
attempt to be graceful or neat. She unbuttoned her blouse, then tugged down the
zipper in the back of her skirt, managing to fall back on the bed.

    "Woops." Eager bitch, aren't you? she commented to herself. On the TV
screen, the credits had already gone by against a background of slurping,
moaning acters from the movie. Now Peter North as some idiot office worker was
in bed with his wife and a hard-on, which poked the sheets up. The effect was
somewhat silly looking.

    Skirt removed and left on the floor, Anitta rubbed her crotch through her
pantyhose. "Yeah," she said in excitement, "that's the ticket." She continued
to rub herself through the pantyhose, deliberately staining them. They were an
old pair, so why not get a bit of extra use out of them before throwing them
away?

    Naughty girl, Anitta thought. Ruining your underwear!

    Peter North had already bugged his porno wife into letting her fuck him,
but the bitch didn't seem too interested. She just laid there in her curlers as
his long, smooth bone slid in plump, blonde cunt. She spent her time eating a
banana and doing her nails while Mr. North grunted and exerted himself.

    Anitta's hand was a bit sticky with strained lubricants so she wiped it
across the stocking along her thigh. Moving back on the bed so she could lean
up against the walls and cushions behind her, she admired Mr. North's large,
bouncing testicles. Having seen the movie more than several times, Anitta was
aware of how much semen would be pumped out of those hairy globes.

    "Isn't it good honey?" Peter asked his disinterested, fictional wife.

    "Oh yeah," Anitta said. She had soaked her pantyhose enough so that she
could wring out the juice if she wanted too. Somehow she had gotten very
excited, more quickly than usual. Too long between fucks, she thought. She
spread her legs wide and flat, straining her muscles against the elastic
synthetic of the pantyhose. Her powder blue blouse was still on, open wide to
let her breasts sit freely in the air. The pleasant fragrance of the perfume
she had dabbed between them rose up to her nostrils. No one at the bank had
seemed to take notice, though.

    Peter North was groaning as he pumped his wife, laying on her back. He
pulled out with a grunt and a gasp. Anitta shoved her right hand under the
pantyhose to start frigging herself, timing it with Peter's unloading of cum.
Big, juicy streams of pearly white coated the porno wife's stomach and chest,
piling up into messy layers.

    "Uuuhhmmmmmm," Anitta moaned, her index and middle fingers stroking the
inside of her vagina. She whimpered a bit at the soft paws of pleasure
flickering in her tummy. Impatient for full access to her quim, Anitta peeled
the pantyhose down to her knees and put her right hand back in her crotch as
she wrestled the undergarment off with her right. For a moment she looked
terribly silly. Then, with a content little sigh, she laid back and spread her
legs. No ordinary little stir session was this going to be! Anitta wanted to
pretend as much as possible that she was being fucked.

    Peter North and several other studs were on screen now, stumbling through
bad dialogue. Anitta flicked her right nipple with her left hand. The cone
around it had already swelled with blood to form a brown, shiny base. Flicking
her nipple made Anitta gasp, and wish her breasts were big enough so she could
suck her own nipples. Her bust size was only 34, though.

    Phooey, Anitta thought.

    On the screen, Christy Canyon was in the president's office, apparently
getting very turned on by thoughts of Corporate Power. Anitta fantasized about
having breasts like Christy's, big enough to suck her own nipples with ease.
She had to content herself with twirling a moistened index finger around the
nipples, making shivery shocks go through them and into her puffy quim.
Inspired by Christy's loud, whimpering moans, she rubbed her right hand's thumb
pad against her clit, leisurely building up the tension of a climax.

    "Meeeooww?"

    "Jesus," Anitta exclaimed. She had forgotten entirely about Chaos. Now the
cat had stalked into her bedroom, looking for her. The cat jumped onto her bed
and made a small, inquisitive sound.

    "Now now fella," Anitta said. She swept the cat off the bed by sliding her
right leg over. The young tom fell off the bed and glared at his owner for a
moment before sniffing under the bed for dust bunnies.

    Christy Canyon had been joined by a quiet, short-haired blonde, who was now
enthusiastically tonguing Christy's brown and pink pussy. Christy moaned loudly
regularly, displaying real and great enjoyment of the licking she was getting.
Anitta wasn't bisexual and rarely fantasized about lesbianism, but Christy
seemed to enjoy this treatment a great deal. Anitta fingred herself carefully,
wishing she had a guy there to clean her cream out. She wasn't fussy, any
willing guy would due. But there was only Anitta and her fingers. Oh, and her
vibrator.

    "OH yes!!" Christy cried out, humping her crotch against the petite
blonde's mouth. "Ooohh uuuh uuuuh Uuuh UUUUUHH!" Her big, unenhanced titties
bounced and jumped with her shudders of orgasm. The jiggles went unnoticed,
since Anitta was retrieving her vibrator from underneath the pillow. Rather
than a limited, battery powered type, Anitta had a full 110 volt, three speed,
multi-head machine, the kind advertised as a "massage device". As Christy
Canyon gave little hiccuppy sigh-moans of contentment, Anitta attached the
round bulb stimulator to her vibrator.

    Ignored and rebuffed, Chaos had gone sniffing for something to play with.
The floor under the bed was distressingly free of dust bunnies (a dead bug
proved only slightly amusing when batted with a paw), so the tom had looked for
any new thing in his owner's room. He had discovered the discarded clothes
quickly enough. The skirt was familiar but the pantyhose weren't. Chaos was
drawn to the pair by a strong, musky odor. He touched his nose to the stretchy
fabric and smelled the female musk of sexual excitement. He started purring,
buried his face further into the damp material, and kneaded it eagerly with his
paws.

    "Well hello there," Christy Canyon said to the company vice-president who
had just appeared on the screen, right after Christy had finished licking off
her blonde friend. Anitta had been ignoring the screen, letting the moans and
guttural cries stimulate her imagination as the vibrating bulb slid up and down
inside her pussy lips. Lubricant shined on the plastic head and the lips that
clung to it. Her first climax was getting close, blood pumping into a tight
hooded bud of flesh. She watched as the new porno stud, Paul something?, was
stripped by Christy and her friend. His cock was not quite as thick as Peter's
but it was longer and still plenty meaty with nice veins and it bobbed around
as he moved and Christy started massaging it and Anitta placed the bulb against
her clit to make the come really blow.

    "AUUHHH! AAAHHHH! AAAh Aaahhh," she cried, clenching her thighs together,
the pulsations of her pussy feeling like soft fingers kneading her crotch on
the inside. "Aaaaah... ahhhh... aahhhh that's nice..." She had stuck the
fizzing bulb of the device back in her crevice to draw out her climax in an
almost painful manner. Now she clicked it off and let it lay on the bed between
her legs. Christy Canyon was currently sucking on her boss's wagging cock, an
eager expression on her face as she "mmmmmph"ed and "Hmmmmm!"ed in pleasure.

    A little quick on the trigger, Anitta thought. God I needed it so bad...

    Loud purrings attracted Anitta's attention. She leaned forward and saw
Chaos kneading her pantyhose into clumps, his whole face stuffed into the
crotch, eyes closed. She was puzzled for a moment, then realization struck.
Anitta felt embarrassed that her pussy oils were obviously exciting the young
tom.

    "Hey Chaos, come here boy. Here kitty, kitty, kitty..." Anitta made
smacking noises with her mouth to attract the cat's attention. His ears pricked
up at her and his eyes opened a bit, but he didn't stop purring or kneading.
Feeling odd, Anitta reached out and snagged the pantyhose, now badly torn.
"Jeez..." she said. The odd feeling was really churning in her now, and
something was nipping at the edges of her mind. Chaos had plopped himself down
after being separated from the undergarment. Now, rear legs supporting himself
and front paws splayed to the sides, Chaos had started licking his little red
cock. Anitta was watching.

    Christy Canyon was pretending to be really getting off on a tit fuck, but
Anitta was feeling suddenly very nasty and wicked. She watched Chaos carefully,
starting to stroke her crotch with one hand. His pink, round-ended tongue was
making a muffled lapping noise as he licked his genitals. A bag of black fur
and flesh hung just under the sheath of the penis. Anitta figured that
proportionally, the balls were bigger than Mr. North's.

    This is sick, Anitta thought, getting turned on by a tom cat. Sick and
nasty.

    Memories tumbled into her mind, memories of when she had been 13 years old
and had been given a cat for a present. Named it Fluffy. Slept almost every
night with Fluffy by her head on the pillow. Until several years later he had
wandered too far into the street.

    But unburied by sharp sensory reminders were the memories of when she had
woke up one night with Fluffy curled up between her legs, his warm and furry
bulk pressing through the thin bed sheet. Her nightshirt. Against her panties
and her private place. At 13, she had only her parent's somewhat vague
explanation of sex, but this weight against her privates felt good. She stroked
Fluffy and he responded with a contented rumbling. Pushing his bulk against her
crotch, the little girl Anitta discovered warm and wonderful feelings in her
tummy and privates. She didn't know she was lubricating until Fluffy yawned,
stretched, and then sniffed. He snuffled at her crotch, making the little
Anitta thrilled and scared and confused.

    A full grown and experienced Anitta was breathing hard at the memory which
she had buried from shame and grief. She remembered how she had just laid there
that night with Fluffy sniffing at her completely virginal and tender cunny.
She had never even played with herself back then, so the sensations were quite
unique to her.

    "Oh God," Anitta moaned. She fell back on the bed and slid three fingers
into her pussy, finding it loose and sloppy. Her mouth was dry with excitement,
forbidden thoughts and memories swirling in her head. "Ooooooh..." Trembling
fingers plucked soft, spongy tissue, stirring Anitta's cunny cream into a froth
and making sticky slurpy noises. "Uuummm it's so good... I was such a nasty
little uuummmm girl..." Anitta stretched her outer pussy lips out and back to
make her clit stick out like a piece of glossy red candy. Extended, her pinky
nail slid under the cap of flesh and scratched the bud underneath. Anitta
whimpered at the sharp pleasure.

    In her mind's eye, she envisioned the little girl she had been, short curly
blonde hair topping a fair skinned face of simple prettyness. Her bedroom had
been small, with pink stripes and flowers alternating on the wall paper. Lace
had edged her bed sheets and pillow cases, her curtains and nightshirts.
Posters of unicorns and horses had been taped neatly to the walls, along with
one of David Cassidy. The room had held a faint smell of lilacs and
honeysuckle.

    The 13 year-old Anitta had been pleased and confused after that first
night. The next time she woke up with Fluffy laying against her crotch, several
nights later, she laid still for over ten minutes. Her flower printed bed
sheets had been crumpled to one side sometime during the night, so the cat had
been resting on just her nightshirt. The warmth and softness of his body was
very noticeable through the two thin layers of cloth that hid the young girl's
cunniken. Cautiously, so as not to disturb Fluffy, she pulled at her nightshirt
to slide it out from under the cat. The soft fabric made a faint ssshing noise,
the only accompaniment to her nervousness and excitement. Then the hem of her
nightgown was around her tummy and Fluffy was laying on his side against the
slope between little Anitta's thighs. These same thighs were spreading
automatically, just to accompany the cat. White cotton was the only barrier
between Fluffy's body and the innocent girl's cunny.

    As an adult, Anitta had fucked many men, some good and some bad and some
that were so nice that she didn't care what their performance was like. But
none of them, and no fantasizing, had had the effect on her that this simple
memory was. She was teasing herself unmercifully, nudging her fattened clitoris
with one finger or the other as the rest explored her slick cunt. Musky oils
and lubricants had flowed out to run into the crack of her ass, tickling her
anal rosebud. Panting like a marathon runner, she clenched her bed sheet with
one hand and arched her hips high up in the air. She felt like a bitch in heat,
just waiting for a prick to stuff it's way in her caveronous cunt and rip her
inside out. The emptiness of it almost made her cry.

    Snuggled in her comfy warm bed, little Anitta lay breathing as quietly as
possible, which was very difficult. All the oxygen seemed to have rushed out of
the air and her mouth was sticky-dry. She was also aware of something between
her legs. Mom had explained about periods, but this didn't seem to be what she
had talked about. The little maiden wondered if she had peed herself. It was
feeling wet down there, and there was a sort of tingle too. She couldn't help
shifting her bottom around, because of the itching. This caused Fluffy to wake
up and move. Little Anitta felt an immediate pang of regret, though she didn't
understand what was going on.

    Fluffy stood up and stretched in that back-arching manner that cats do. He
nestled back down on the cushiony mattress, then caught the odor of the child's
cunny. The moisture had crept through the cotton panties slowly and impregnated
them with just a faint scent of her developing womanhood. Fluffy sniffed
closer, and then thrilled little Anitta by rasping his tongue against the
smooth fabric.

    "Oh, good kitty!" little Anitta had exclaimed softly. She didn't know why,
it just seemed like Fluffy deserved the praise. More licks followed, the
scratchy sound of the cat's tongue faint but clear in the room's stillness.
poster of David Cassidy on her wall and wondered why it always made her feel
giddy to think about kissing him. But not as giddy as she felt now.

    Ignored, the VCR dutifully decoded magnetic imprints into an image of Peter
North sliding his cock into a boisterous Christy Canyon. "Oh Gaaaawhhd! Oh
caaa-caaan you feel me come?!! Caaaa... caan you fffeel me coming all over your
COCK?!"

    Anitta's body was tensed up like a revving motorcycle. Sweat glistened on
her white skin, soaking the sheets under her ass and back. Every time she
shifted, the sheets stuck to her. The discomfort was amplified by her
sensitivity, making it just another part of the tremendous thump she was
building. Humming with authority, her vibrator was torturing it's way across
her body. She had used the flat, wide head on her breasts until she thought the
nipples would spurt like little cocks. They were, in fact, seeping a tiny bit
of fluid, ooze from glands tortured to produce something not available.
Attached now to the metal peg of the vibrator was the clitoris cup. Unbearable
as agony, it's vibrations beat at Anitta's clit unmercifully, threatening to
abrade the skin.

    "Oh oh oh oH! OHH! It hurts! Oh fuck I'm gonnaaAAAUUUHHHH!!" Anitta dropped
the vibrator and tugged at the clitoris as if it were a cock and she could make
it squirt. Anitta whined and came, gulping in great breaths of air every few
moments. As the intensity lessened, she moaned until the trembles of her climax
went away, leaving her weak but still tense.

    "I don't believe it..." Anitta blinked sweat from her eyes. "I know I'm
going to do it and I can't believe it anyways." She got up shakily and looked
to see Chaos curled up on her skirt. She stumbled into her bathroom and peed.
When she got up from the toilet she looked at herself in the mirror. A sweaty,
crazed face looked back.

    "I'm going to do it," she said to her reflection. She turned on the tap.
Cupped her hands under the stream. Slurped up the water. She rinsed her face
off and dried it with a towel. She had to dry her thighs off too because of the
flow that had dripped down. Breathing hard, Anitta left the bathroom, one hand
fluttering near her crotch. She punched at the VCR several times and then
managed to shut it off.

    "Chaos... kitty kitty kitty..." Chaos picked up his ears. A few more calls
and he opened his eyes to look at his owner. Anitta knelt on the floor by the
cat, feeling so wicked and nasty. With her index and middle finger, she scooped
out some of her pussy juices and held them out to the cat. He immediately
picked himself up and started lapping at her fingers. Rasping noises and
Anitta's panting were the only sound for the moments it took Chaos to clean off
all of the juices.

    "Good Chaos. Yes, you're such a good kitty..." Anitta scooted herself
forward, spreading her knees and raising off her knees, until her crotch was
positioned over the tom's head. "Come on Chaos... Here's more for you..." She
was tensed in this position, bent back just slightly with her hands on the bed
behind her, supporting. Chaos purred and stuck his face into Anitta's cunt
making her tense more, before he finally lapped at the slit several times.

    "uuuuuhhuu-uh-uh! Oh good good kitty!" Anitta was practically whimpering.
"My sweet baby cat, lick mommy's pussy..." She did whimper when the cat's
excited lapping brushed her clitoris. Chaos's tongue was much smaller than the
others that had been down there, but it's rough scratchiness on tender,
sensitive skin was exquisite. And he kept lapping rapidly, like at a bowl of
milk. Anitta did sob after several minutes of the torture. If she hadn't
urinated earlier, she would lost her bladder right there.

    Chaos was getting aggressive, pushing forward with surprisingly strong
muscles. His muzzle was damp and he was salivating a great deal. The pink, flat
tongue darted in and out like a spring-loaded toy. There was little penetration
but it's scratchy surface slipped over Anitta's outer lips, the inner lips, and
occasionally her clit. Her muscles were starting to tremble from holding
herself in this squatting position

    "Y-y-you're mommy's *best* kitty! Uhhuh! Oh God!! Please, please, please,
pleasepleasepleeeeezzzeeee..." Anitta couldn't stand it anymore. She nudged her
cat's head out of the way and stroked her clit several times to bring herself
off. Chaos, not to be rebuffed, started licking at her hand and consequently
her clit. Anitta screamed one syllable and started bouncing herself up and down
on her knees as she came, startling Chaos away for the moment. After a minute,
she stopped coming. And started crying.

    "Oooohhhh... Puh-poor fluuhffy... Oohhhhhh!!" Slumping forward, Anitta
relieved the loss of her favorite childhood pet with unexpected intensity. Her
first climax, at 14, had been when playing with herself while Fluffy lay
purring beside her head on the pillow. She had always thought of the cat as the
one to first bring her towards the realm of sex, in later years. Grief over
Fluffy's death and then misdirected guilt had formed a barrier over the
memories. And some sort of shame about the effect the cat had had on her.

    "Mrrreeoow?" Chaos cried, sensing a disturbance in his owner. Anitta
sniffled and picked up the cat, cuddling him tightly. She kissed his forehead
and said "You're so sweet. Yes you are!" She smiled as he started purring. His
fur was damp all over his face. Anitta stood up and then sat on the bed,
cradling the cat in her arms. Chaos's gold-brown eyes were part-way open,
looking at Anitta. She petted him and hugged him, just enjoying the feel of his
warm, soft furred body against hers. After a while, she laid back and let Chaos
curl up on her tummy and relax.

    The weight felt good, but the soft fur against her naked skin was even
better. Chaos's body rose and fell slightly with Anitta's own breathing. She
had opened her legs a bit to allow the heat of her cunt escape freely. Getting
easier to accept it, she thought. You're a pervert. She smiled a bit at the
thought, then stroked Chaos gently from head to tail tip. Carefully, than, she
took his tail and brushed it against her crevice. The fur tickled at first, but
then it got wet and tickled a bit less. Chaos had opened his eyes again and was
looking a bit surprised. His tail-tip was being introduced into his owner's
crevice, pushing into her inner sanctum.

    "Good kitty," Anitta reassured the cat, petting him with her other hand. "I
just want to see how it feels..." The hair on this thin, fleshy intruder was
being matted back while Anitta shivered at the sensation of fur inside her
cunt. Several inches were now inside her, not filling her up but making her
very warm and gooey. Then, apparently annoyed at the abuse of his precious
tail, Chaos gave a little growl and flicked the tip. Anitta gasped and jerked
and Chaos whipped his tail away entirely, making her gasp again.

    "Oh wow," Anitta breathed. "If only..." She imagined a guy with a long,
thin cock that could wiggle and twitch inside her. Then she imagined Chaos
sliding his whole tail in her and she moaned.

    Chaos had climbed off Anitta's tummy and was cleaning his tail eagerly. In
the position her was in to do this, Anitta saw his little red cock again. "Oh
poor kitty. No one to fuck, just like me." She felt a bit guilty about this, as
she should have had the cat fixed months ago. He hadn't even been allowed out
to find some friendly little pussy.

    Nasty chills slithered up Anitta's spine. She leaned forwards and flattened
herself out on the bed, facing her cat. "Good kitty," she said. "Sweet
kitty..." She placed one finger under a furry ball and hefted it. Chaos's
cleaning action slowed a bit. Anitta carefully brushed his cock tip. It looked
almost like the end of a ball-point pen, with the point retracted. She could
see now that a thin, clear fluid leaked from the tip.

    "Do you want it bad, Chaos?" Anitta giggled. "Mommy will make you feel
better." She used her index and thumb of the right hand to pull back the sheath
of the penis, revealing it's short length. Strange little hairs were visible
near it's base. Chaos had stopped cleaning all together and slowly laid back on
his side. Anitta used her right index finger to stroke his penis, which quickly
soaked the finger tip. She was afraid to taste the fluid but she was very
excited about it. What did kitty cum look like? she thought. She stroked the
quivering, dripping cock, which was very hard, admiring it's flaming red color
and the bevel point of it.

    "merrrooowww," Chaos exclaimed. Anitta could see his breathing was faster
by the rise and fall of his sides. She experimented a bit and found a
remarkably sensitive spot that made the tom make funny noises every time she
rubbed it. He wasn't purring now but his tail was starting to whip back and
forth.

    "Good kitty, it's ok, you'll feel allll better in a bit." Anitta was
sliding her legs open and shut behind her, squeezing out pussy batter that
stained her bed sheets. Her pinky on her left hand stretched out to poke the
tiny, swollen testicles. "Allllll better," Anitta panted. She leaned forward a
bit closer and watched the red cock intensely. Chaos was making a sort of
growling-purr noise and whipping his tail all over. Then he stiffened and
Anitta wished she could come at the same time as whitish fluid dribbled out of
her kitty's cock, onto her fingers. She could feel the twitches in the tiny
fur-bag as semen was pumped out. Chaos gave a loud yowl when he came, then
scampered away from Anitta.

    "It's ok Chaos," she said. "We can play some more later..." She took her
right hand, wet with the tom's spunk, and rubbed it between her legs. It was
her imagination, but it seemed her cunny burned where the fluid brushed against
it. "Such a sweet kitty," she whispered, cupping one breast as she diddled
herself to another come.

    It was only Friday night, too!

                              --*** THE END ***--

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*-> Nation of Thieves <-* ///////////////////////////
*    The Rendezvous -- 600 Megs -- 3/12/2400 -- 11 lines -- (619) 275-1040    *
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
*            Erotic*City -- WWIV Net Node 6978 -- (619) 528-0322              *
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
*    100's of                  The Wizard's Lair                 1000's of    *
:  Erotic Adult             1.3 Gigs & Three Lines             Explicit Adult :
*   Text Files           9600 US Robotics Courier HST            GIF & MAC    *
:                                618-398-2305                      Files      :
*-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-*
:              Sin*City -- WWIV Net Node 6969 -- (619) 283-4998               :
 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\////////////////////////////////////////
