
From ddail@efn.org Sun Oct 29 18:50:38 1995
From: Who? Me?
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Kelly.txt (M/f, pedo, cons, incest)
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 1995 08:17:02 GMT
Message-ID: <46q4eg$bbg@ixnews6.ix.netcom.com>





                        My Hot Little Stepdaughter

   I peeked through the small hole that I had strategically drilled through the bedro
om wall, as I
watched Kelly stroke her long, beautiful hair with the brush. It had become an almost
 nightly ritual
since nearly 3 years ago when her mother and I got married. As soon as I would hear t
he water from
the shower shut off, I would head for my study, which was right next to Kelly's room,
 telling my
wife I had some work to do. In reality, I would take down the picture that covered th
e small hole in
the wall, and watch my young stepdaughter drying herself, then getting dressed in her
 night-clothes.
The part I liked best, was watching her pull her little panties up over her smooth as
s and tiny
slit. 

   Kelly had changed slightly since her Mother and I had been together. Her chest had
 begun to
sprout little bumps, and her hips were beginning to take shape, giving her subtle, bu
t noticeable
curves. You really couldn't tell when she was fully clothed, but watching her stand t
here naked,
drying her sexy young body off, she looked more developed than most girls her age. (S
he was nearing
her 11th birthday in about 5 months).

   I continued watching as she was brushing her hair, taking long, full strokes with 
the brush. She
laid the brush down, and undid the towel that was wrapped around her. My cock sprang 
to attention as
she unknowingly stood there naked in front of me. I waited for her to grab her pantie
s, which were
lying on the edge of her bed, and bend over to slip them on. Tonight however, she did
n't put them on
right away. She stood there, looking at herself in the full length mirror that was at
tached to the
back of her bedroom door, admiring for herself the changes her young body was going t
hrough. She
slowly ran a hand across her chest, feeling the tiny bumps that had begun to sprout t
here, then slid
her hand across her tummy, and down between her legs, gently touching her vaginal lip
s. Her body
shuddered slightly as her hand made contact, and she pulled her hand away. Soon howev
er, she tried
it once more, and shuddered again. She began massaging the area which had caused the 
heat flashes of
ecstasy. She dropped back onto her bed, and continued this newfound pleasure she had 
just learned.
One finger decided to probe and I watched as she slipped it past her outer lips, and 
into her tiny
opening. Her body rhythmically followed the motion of the penetrating finger.

   The probing intensified in fever and speed, and soon, her other hand contributed t
o the
excitement by inserting the small handle of the brush which had previously been strok
ing her hair.
Her breathing grew heavier, and her gyrations became feverish. She almost screamed as
 her virgin box
exploded in an obviously intense orgasm. The orgasm drenched her finger, and I couldn
't believe what
was happening as she brought her hand up to her mouth and stuck her finger inside, ta
sting her own
juices. I have to admit, I nearly came in my pants as I stood there jealously watchin
g her suck her
own ten year old juices off her finger.

   She left her room and walked down the hallway into the bathroom. I quickly made my
 way into my
bedroom and removed the picture that covered the hole I had drilled through that wall
 also. Kelly
turned on the shower, and wet a washcloth. She put one leg up on the toilet seat, giv
ing me an
excellent view of her naked little cunny spread open in front of me. She hadn't begun
 growing hair
yet, and the juices from her orgasm made her young gash glisten under the bathroom li
ghts.

   She began rubbing the washcloth on her tiny cunny, and I could tell she felt the s
ame sensations
as earlier. She rubbed a little faster, and her soft moans echoed off the bathroom wa
ll, and into my
ears. She closed her eyes, and bent her head back, in order to feel the entire episod
e once more.
Her moans became louder, and it almost sounded as if she was sobbing. I couldn't take
 any more of
this excitement, so I placed the picture back over the hole, and made my way to the b
athroom.

   The creaking sound of the bathroom door opening startled her, and she immediately 
covered her
budding breasts with her arm, and her cunny with her other hand. "Ddd Dddaddy, I'm na
ked" she
stuttered, as she saw me walk into the bathroom. My cock was straining against my sho
rts as I stood
there admiring the sight of my lovely, naked pre-pubescent stepdaughter.

   Kelly stood there with a frightened look on her face, still covering her young, fo
rbidden
treasures. "It's okay honey" I said, as I walked toward her, "I won't hurt you, I jus
t want to see
how you were cleaning your pussy. Why don't you sit up here on the sink, and let dadd
y use the
washcloth to finish cleaning your pussy for you, okay?" After a slight pause, she nod
ded. I could
tell she still felt fear and uncertainty about what was happening. She sat on the sin
k and I told
her to spread her legs a little. I stood there for a moment, just admiring this young
 goddess
sitting naked in front of me. As I passed the washcloth across her cunny, I asked "Is
 this the way
you were doing it?" "Mmm Hmm...yea...just like that" she responded. I sneakingly adde
d a finger
along with the washcloth. Her hole was warm, and extremely tight around my finger. Ke
lly moaned and
followed my fingers penetrating motion. I decided to grasp the moment, and with my ot
her hand, undid
my shorts and dropped them to the floor. "Would you like daddy to show you something 
that feels much
better than a washcloth honey?" "Mmm Hmm" she moaned. I picked Kelly up from the sink
, and she
wrapped her sexy legs around my body. Slowly, I began inserting my cock into her virg
inal little
snatch. I felt the head of my cock pass between her little-girl lips, and slide into 
her tight hole.
As I reached her virgin barrier, exerting a bit more pressure, I felt the skin of her
 hymen rip
around my cock, and buried myself fully into her snatch.

   Kelly nearly screamed in both pleasure and pain, as my hips ground into hers. I be
gan lifting her
youthful body up and down with my hands, sliding my cock in and out of her small snat
ch. Her cunny
was extremely tight, and the pumping motion caused her vaginal muscles to contract an
d release,
giving me an indescribable feeling of pleasure. With my arms wrapped around her, hold
ing her up by
her smooth ass, I started pulling her into me even faster. Her cunny was blazing hot 
around my cock,
and my tongue began licking the tiny bumps on her chest. "Ohhhhh....Ahhhh ...Mmmm" sh
e began moaning
in my ear, and I knew she was on the brink of orgasm. Her gyrations on my cock intens
ified, and her
breathing became heavier. She began cumming, and I had to muffle her screams so her m
other wouldn't
hear her. It wasn't long before I felt my own orgasm rising, and soon began shooting 
my load up her
smooth, young snatch. What cum her hole was too small to hold, I felt running down my
 cock, and onto
the floor. I looked into her deep blue eyes, and kissed her deeply. "Thank you baby, 
that was
wonderful!" I said. "Yea it was" she replied.

   Not wanting to take my cock out of her right away, I carried her back to her room,
 and
reluctantly laid her into her bed. I tucked her in, kissed her goodnight, and turned 
out her light.
As I started to leave the room, I turned and looked at her lying there in her bed. Sh
e once again
looked like my ten year old daughter, not like the hot little girl I had just fucked 
in the
bathroom. As I turned to leave, her words reminded me though...."Daddy?....Could we d
o that again
sometime?" I turned back around and said, "Anytime sweetheart....Anytime." She smiled
, and then
rolled over to go to sleep.


