Subject:	SHARING THE WIFE! PART II  (MMF)
From:	wkbar1@aol.com (WKBAR1)
Date:	24 Sep 1996 22:18:58 -0400

This is a continuation of the story posted earlier.  I want to thank all
of those who responded to my post.  I will try to answer a few of their
questions before I continue with the events which happened while my friend
visited.

Was this real?  Yes it really happened.  How did it affect our
relationship?  Well, afterwards we did a lot of talking and verified our
commitment and love to each other.   We recognized that this was a
continuation of our sex life together, and we would never do it without
the other's permission and presence.  What's my sexual orientation?  I am
firmly hetero, but a bit of a hedonist, so if the situation arises, I
generally let it all out, so to speak.

On with the story. . .

Afterwards, J.T., Kelly and I retired to bed.  J.T. and I got in with
Kelly and lay down on either side of her under the covers.  Kelly later
told me this was one of the best parts.  She loved feeling two naked, warm
men laying against her naked skin.  She loved feeling two limp cocks
resting against her.  I quickly fell asleep on my side with Kelly in my
arms, facing me on her side.  
  I later awoke to quiet moaning and movement on the bed.  As I gained my
thoughts, I realized Kelly was rythmically bouncing against me.  J.T. had
fell asleep facing Kelly with her beautiful ass against his cock.  He told
me later that when he awoke in the middle of the night, it was more than
he could stand.  Fully awake, I moved my hand down to Kelly's pussy and
felt J.T.'s cock moving in and out of her pussy.  It was slick and wet, so
I kept my hand around it and squeezed just to give him a little thrill.  I
lay there and soaked up the sight of my lovely wife's tits bouncing up and
down with J.T.'s every thrust.  To be honest, I was totally thrilled with
what was happening and eager to try more of what we did in the living
room.
   So, I reversed position and started to lick Kelly's pussy.  How can I
describe the sight and smell of it?  Again, I conquered my aversion to
homosexuality in support of the moment and started to lick them both.  I
went from Kelly's clit down J.T.'s cock to his balls and back to her clit.
 I loved the taste of their juices and Kelly did me the favour of taking
my cock into her mouth.  I just savoured the kinkyness and the pure
physical pleasure.  What excited me the most was what I was doing to J.T.
and listend to Kelly get off on another man's cock.   
   J.T. soon grunted his orgasm and pulled out.  I was again treated to
the sight of white cum leaking from my wife's pussy.  J.T. just lay there
with his cock lying between Kelly's legs, so I decided to push the limits
even more.  I licked his cum from Kelly's pussy lips and then, I licked
his limp cock clean.  Part of me couldn't believe I was doing it, but I
had totally surrendered myself to the moment (to be honest dear reader, I
probably won't do it again, but who knows?) I was surprised all this time
that J.T. let me do all of this to him.  Later he said that like me, he
had just surrendered to the moment and was going to accept all of the
stimulation he could get! 
    I pulled out of Kelly's mouth, rolled on my back, and let Kelly lie
down on top of me and ride me.  I was enjoying the nice, easy strokes when
J.T. decided to pay me back.  I felt his tongue down there between our
legs.  He was licking my balls!  That was it,  I exploded into Kelly.  I
don't know if she had an orgasm or not, but I do know she was satisfied,
because she slid off me with a blissfull look on her face, kissed me and
fell asleep between us again.
    

That's all for now . . . there is only one more event to describe and I
will do that soon.  Feel free to continue to e-mail your comments. . .

P.S.  I have been disturbed about the degeneration of the USENET over the
past two years.  It is becoming impossible to wade through the miles of
SPAM to get the few real posts.  I believe in a totally free net supported
by the users.  This story is free and free for distribution.  Post some
yourself to continue our fight against the SPAMMERS!
wkbar1@aol.com


