Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

KISSING COUSINS by Candy Kane

My name is Pamela and I'm eighteen.  Recently, I spent a weekend watched after my thirteen-year-old neighbor, Michelle, while her folks and my parents went on a cruise to the Bahamas.  It was Saturday night and Michelle and I were in the family room watching TV.  Michelle was sprawled out on the floor in front of me while I lay on the couch.  She had on a football jersey and panties; I was in a tank top with some old cutoffs.  There was nothing good on TV and I was bored as I used the remote to channel surf.

Suddenly, I clicked on the adult channel and for some reason it was coming in unscrambled.  We both perked up at the sight of a guy and a girl doing it.

"I don't think you should be watching this, Michelle," I said.  Since I had to stay home all weekend to look after her and couldn't go on a date, which meant I wouldn't have sex, I was immediately turned on by the idea of at least getting to watch a little porn and slipping my hand between my legs.  But I didn't feel comfortable doing it in front of Michelle.

"Come on, Pam," Michelle said, "please let me stay.  Besides, I've seen stuff like this before."

"Oh, really?  And just exactly where?" I asked.

"My brother has some X-rated videos hidden in his room.  I found them once and watched them when there was nobody at home."

"Well . . . I don't know," I said not sure if she was telling me the truth.

"Please, Pam, I swear I've seen fucking before.  Besides, I'm already masturbating practically everyday."

"Michelle!  I can't believe you said that."

"Why?  It's perfectly natural.  Anyway, how old were you when you started?"

I had to think for a moment. "Well, actually, I was younger than you."

"See.  Now can I stay and watch?  Come on, Pam, it'll be fun."

Reluctantly I gave in.  "But you have to promise you won't tell anybody.  If your folks find out, they'll kill me."

"I promise," she said with a big grin and turned back around to watch the movie.

I reached up and flipped off the lights and we settled in to enjoy the sex.  Michelle was lying on her back on the floor with her head resting on a pillow while I propped myself up in the corner of the couch.  After a moment or two I quietly reached down and unzipped my shorts while I watched the girl in the movie get down on all fours and let the guy fuck her from behind.

I slipped my hand inside my panties and started playing with myself, feeling the first hint of relief.  I had been horny all day and the movie definitely made my pussy itch.  Then the scene changed to two girls French kissing.  It didn't take long before they were naked and making love.  I really liked girl-girl scenes in adult movies because the lovemaking was usually soft and tender, not the fake guy-girl sex.  And secretly, I'd fantasized a lot about what it would be like to have sex with a girl.

I'd never actually done it, not technically anyway.  Like most girls growing up, I'd made out with my girlfriends, mostly practicing for when we would be allowed to date boys.  But sometimes we would go a little further and feel each other up.  Usually it would start with breasts but would eventually wind up fingering each other.  I mean, isn't that what sleepovers are for: so horny teenage girls can experiment with each other?  I can still remember some really intense make-out sessions.  My mouth and tongue would be worn out from necking for hours, and the smell of aroused young girls was such a turn-on.  By the time we finally fell asleep, there would be some rather large wet spots on the sheets.  Fragrance companies spend millions developing new perfumes every year.  If someone would just bottle the scent of a little girl's pussy the first time she comes, they'd have people fucking in the streets.

I remember the first time I made out with a girl.  She was my cousin Becky and we were thirteen.  Becky was spending the night with me, and after my mom had gone to bed, we stayed up late watching TV.  We were lying on each end of the couch with our legs entwined as we watched a movie.  Becky and I liked toughing: hanging on each other, hugging, playing footsie, always arm-in-arm or holding hands.  We were not only cousins, but also the best of friends and were very open when it came to sharing our deepest secrets, especially anything having to do with sex.  Our latest revelation was that we had both started masturbating; I admitted that I liked to do it when I first woke up and Becky preferred doing it before going to sleep.  Although we had never done it together, I think secretly we both wanted to.  I know I did.

During a commercial, Becky said, "Did you do the deed this morning?" The "deed" was what we called it.

"No," I said, realizing I really missed it when I didn't get to finger myself. "Did you?"

"No." Beck squirmed around and her smooth, bare legs rubbed against mine, her little toes tickled my bottom.  Then she said, "Do you always have an orgasm?"

"What?" I asked.  This was the first time we'd really addressed that issue.  I muted the TV and looked over at her.

"You know, when you do the deed, do you always come?"

"I didn't at first," I said. "But now, I pretty much do every time." Just talking about it made me press my legs together. "Do you?" I asked, wanting to rub myself.

"It depends on how quiet I have to be.  If my mom's boyfriend is sleeping over, I can always have an orgasm because they're in the next room making so much noise fucking, they wouldn't hear me if I screamed.  But if it's just mom at home, I have to try and get off without making a sound.  It's hard sometimes, but I love a challenge."

We both giggled.

"I love to do it too," I said. "It feels so good when you get one of those comes that curls your toes."

We both laughed again.

Becky said, "Guess what?  My mom might let me go to the movies with Jeff."

"No shit," I said, sitting straight up. "When?"

"Maybe this weekend."

"No shit twice." I couldn't believe it, an official date with a boy. "So are you going to let him do anything?"

"I don't know, Pam.  I hadn't even thought about it."

"That's bullshit.  It's probably all you've been thinking about.  Are you going to let him kiss you?"

"Maybe.  But I've never made out before so I'll have to think about it.  I don't want to disappoint him."

"You'll be a great kisser, I just know it," I said.

"I don't know," Becky said. "I've tried practicing on the back of my hand and on a pillow, but it feels so stupid."

"Well, show me what you're doing, maybe I can help."

We sat up and Becky formed a fist and started kissing the side of her hand, closing her eyes and trying to look dramatic.

"You're right," I said. "It does look stupid.

"I told you." She quit and gave me a pitiful look. "Any suggestions?"

I thought for a moment and then said, "Well, if you want, you can practice on me."

"Pam, you're a girl!  I need to know how to kiss a boy."

"So what would be the difference?"

"Well, for one thing, you're my best girlfriend.  You don't really think I'm going to kiss you the same as I would a boy?"

"Why not.  Kissing is kissing.  Besides, it's would just be for practice.  If you got good with me, then you could really turn a boy on.  I mean I'm only offering to help you out.  If you don't want to, that's fine with me."

"Well hold on.  I do but if we did it, wouldn't that mean we were lesbians?"

"Becky, do you like boys?" I asked.

"Sure."

"So do I.  If we kiss, and we still like boys, then we aren't lesbians." I reached out and touched her bare leg. "Becky, I can't wait until the first time I make out with a boy.  But I want to really know what I'm doing when the time comes.  If we help each other out, we'll be experts.  It's that simple."

She thought for a moment and then said, "You may be right.  But we have to agree that we won't tell anyone, OK?"

"Agreed." We shook hands and then giggled as we continued to hold hands.

"Actually," Becky said, "I'm kind of glad that the first person I'll ever make out with is you."

"Yeah, me too," I said and we hugged. "I love you, Becky."

"I love you, Pam."

Then we realized the moment of truth had come. "So, how do you want to do it?" I asked.

"Well," Becky said. "Since you're playing the part of the boy, why don't you kiss me first."

I was afraid she'd say that, I thought.  Hesitantly, I nodded and leaned forward until our lips were only an inch apart. "Aren't we supposed to close our eyes?" I asked, realizing we were staring at each other.

"Oh yeah, right," she said and closed hers.

I did too and our lips touched.  We sort of just pressed them together for a moment and then pulled back. "Well," I said as we looked at each other, "do you feel any different?"

"You mean, do I suddenly feel like a dyke?"

We laughed. "No, I meant did it make you feel good, did it turn you on?"

"Well, it was nice," Becky said. "But I don't feel any different.  Beside, this is only for practice, remember?  We're just girls."

"I know, but I wondered if I was any good, that's all."

"Why don't we try again and I'll tell you."

I leaned forward and pressed my lips to hers.  This time, I opened my mouth a little and let the tip of my tongue lightly touch her lips.  I felt Becky react with a slight intake of air and I expected her to pull away grossed out.  But instead, she started pressing her mouth harder on mine.  So I continued to use the tip of my tongue to explore her lips.  We did this for a few moments and then Becky opened her lips ever so slightly and I felt the warm softness of her tongue come out and meet mine.

This time, I was the one to react: I sighed at this new, erotic twist.  Up until now, we were just pressing lips.  Suddenly, we were kissing-very close to making out.  This next phase lasted only about thirty seconds.  I was going to see if Becky would let me put the tip of my tongue in her mouth when she slipped her arms around me neck and opened her mouth.  Next thing I knew we were French kissing.  I wrapped my arms around her waist and we started moaning and breathing heavy as we pressed our bodies together.

Soon it became uncomfortable to enjoy making out while staying in this position.  So, reluctantly, I broke the kiss and said breathlessly, "Let's lay down."

Equally out of breath, Becky said, "Great idea." She pushed me backward in her effort to get comfortable so we could continue.  We quickly positioned ourselves side-by-side on the couch and immediately locked our mouths together.  This is how we stayed for the next half-hour, eating each other's mouths as if our kisses would have to last a lifetime.  If we had been in a car, the windows would have quickly fogged over from the intense heat we produced.

While we made out, we held each other tight.  Because we quickly worked up a sweat, I didn't realize just how wet I was getting between my legs.  Finally, out of breath I said, "Becky, I've got to go pee.  I'll be right back."

"But I don't want to stop," she said with a pitiful expression.

"I said I'll be right back."

"Can we make out some more just as soon as you come back?"

I planted a kiss on her lips. "Of course," I said and hopped up.  I ran down the hall to the bathroom wanting to pee as fast so I could get back to her.  In the bathroom, I pulled my T-shirt up and slipped my panties down around my knees.  As I sat on the toilet, I glanced down and noticed the crotch was glistening with moisture.  I touched the sticky wetness with my finger and brought it to my nose smelling the unmistakable scent.  Then it hit me that Becky had turned me on; kissing her had made me wet.  I was so aroused at the idea that my hand shook when I wiped myself with the tissue.  And when I touched my vagina, I jumped as I came in contact with my swollen clitoris.

I needed to get off right then and there and started rubbing my crotch.  But I realized if I stayed in the bathroom and masturbated, Becky would wonder what was taking so long.  I needed to get back to her and tell her what happened.  So I stood and pulled my panties up.  The wet crotch had cooled in the air and when it touched me, I almost fainted.

I ran back into the living room, and as I came around the corner, Becky was lying there with her eyes closed and her hand between her legs.  She was fingering herself while she used her other hand under her T-shirt to play with her nipple.

"Oh my God, Becky, you too?" I said.

Becky opened her eyes but they had a faraway look in them.  She never stopped masturbating as she smiled up at me. "Pam, I'm so hot.  Look what you made me do."

I couldn't take my eyes off her finger moving in quick little circles beneath the thin fabric.  My hand went instinctively to my crotch and I knew we were finally going to masturbate together. "Becky, let's go to my room and lock the door," I said. "Then we can do it on my bed in private.  If my mom wakes up and catches us in here, she'll kill us both."

"Okay," Beck said and reluctantly stopped.  She got up and we held hands as we quietly slipped down the hall to my bedroom.  Warm wetness covered her hand and it excited me knowing where it came from.  Once we were inside and I'd locked the door, I brought my hand to my nose and smelled her.  God, what a turn-on!

Becky smiled realizing what I had done. "Do you want to do it naked?" she asked.

"It sounds so wicked," I said, hesitating for only a moment as I continued to sniff her scent. "And fun." We giggled as we slipped out of our panties and T-shirts.  Then we got on the bed; Becky wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down on top of her.

"We need more practice," she said and stuck her tongue in my mouth.

Feeling her naked body under mine made me light headed.  I had never been this aroused in my life and I would have sworn my pussy was on fire except that I knew it was soaking wet.

After a few minutes of very passionate kissing, I whispered, "Becky, do you want to do the deed while we make out?"

"Oh yes," she said.

Relieved that we both wanted it, I rolled off her and we lay on our sides facing each other. "Are you having fun?" I said.

"The most I've ever had." She slipped her hand down between her legs and moaned as she touched herself.

I couldn't wait any longer and started too.  It was heaven as I slipped a finger inside my warm hole.  We lay there watching each other, and after a few minutes, we snuggled up close enough that our lips touched, kissing as we fingered ourselves.  It took about a minute or two before we climaxed together.

Later, as we lay in the dark just enjoying the post-orgasm bliss, Becky said, "Pam, I've got an idea."

"What?"

"Since you're officially still playing the part of the boy, right, why don't we practice what it would be like if you put your finger in me?"

I had to admit I did want to find out if Bechy's vagina felt like mine or was every girl a little different. "Only if you do me too."

"Deal," she said and turned on her side facing me. "Pam, I really like kissing you."

I moved over next to her. "You're turning into a regular nympho," I said and we giggled. "So, who goes first?"

"Let's do it together," she said and raised her knee up exposing herself.

I propped my leg up too and reached down to spread my vagina lips open for her.  It felt so wicked opening my legs so Becky could touch me.  And when she did, I thought I would pass out.  Her hand gently cupped my pussy and her finger slid in.  In no time she found my clitoris.

"God, you're so wet," she said.

"So are you," I said, placing my hand on her soft patch of hair.  Spreading her lips wide open, I stuck my middle finger in and couldn't believe how hot she was.  And how soft.  "This feels so good," I whispered.

"Oh fuck," was all Becky could say.

"I love it when you talk dirty," I said with a giggle.

She brought her mouth to mine and we French kissed while we got each other off for the second time that night.

Becky and I repeated our little practice sessions many times over the next year sometimes making out and doing the deed for hours.  Then her family moved away and we never saw each other again.  But I'll never forget the taste of her lips on mine and the smell of her sex on my fingers.
* * *

I got a warm tingle between my legs as I lay on the couch watching the adult movie and thinking about those nights with Becky.  Like I said, I'd never officially gone all the way and eaten pussy.  Looking back, I wish I had, at least with my kissing cousin.  So, at eighteen, I still hadn't tried it.  But I had to admit there were a few girls that I definitely wanted to fuck.  Like the blond exchange student in my English class.  If she had dropped her panties in front of the whole school and told me to go down on her, I would have buried my face between her legs in a heartbeat.  Or any of the cheerleaders.  I had heard that they not only liked fucking boys but did each other too.  So as I watched the girls in the movie make love and thought about what I should have tried with Becky, my breathing increased and my fingers went to work.

I'd almost forgotten about Michelle.  Opening my eyes, I looked down at her on the floor in front of the TV and realized she was enjoying the lesbians as much as I was.  She had her legs spread and I could see her hand between them, her fingers rubbed her crotch.  In the glow of the TV, I could tell she was wet, her chest rising and falling rapidly.

Well, if she wasn't going to hide it, neither was I.  In one quick motion, I slipped my shorts and panties down my legs and tossed them aside.  With one leg draped over the top of the couch and the other hanging off the edge, I fingered myself with one hand while I reached under my tank top and played with my swollen nipples.  Then the girls in the movie got into a sixty-nine and ate each other.  It looked like so much fun, and I was dying to try it.  I made up my mind to ask one of the cheerleaders if she would like to come over and spend the night with me.  Maybe I would even ask the girl in my English class.  All she could do was say no.  And if she said yes, I'd been in heaven.

I closed my eyes and pictured my cousin Becky wrapping her arms around my neck whispering that she wanted me so bad.  We were naked and the scent of her arousal made my heart race.  We pressed our breasts together and she pushed her damp crotch into my thigh.  I moved my leg between hers and she rubbed her wet sex up and down it while she told me how sweet it was going to be.  She slowly dropped to her knees, kissing me all the way down and I felt her hot breath as her fingers spread my lips.  Then she put her tongue inside.

"Oh, shit!" I cried out and jerked my head up. "Michelle!  What are you doing?" The thirteen-year-old was naked, lying on the couch between my legs, licking me. 

"I'm eating you," she said matter-of-fact. "Don't you like it?" Before I could answer, the tip of her tongue found my clitoris and explosions went off in my head.  Her hot little mouth had set me on fire.

"Michelle . . ." I tried to talk but she ran her tongue up the length of my pussy and I almost came. "Oh fuck, Michelle," I said breathlessly. "Where did you learn . . . ?"  I couldn't finish the question, it felt so good.

"I'm just doing what those girls do in the movie," she said, taking a moment to raise her smiling face. "How do you like it?" Her mouth was wet.

"Oh my God," was all I could get out as I closed my eyes and felt my orgasm building.  Her tongue went back to work and I clamped my legs around her head.  Suddenly, my body shook, my back arched, and I came with a scream.  This little girl had just given me one of the most incredible orgasms of my life.

I was out of breath, unable to see clearly.  I felt a river flow out of me and I could hear Michelle lapping it up.  When she had finally licked me clean, she moved up and laid on top of me.  I opened my eyes and saw her broad grin.

"Isn't this fun?" she said and we French kissed.

I could taste my cum on her lips; it was so erotic sucking on her tongue knowing she had just used it to lick my vagina.

"Pam," she said after we had made out for a while, "you sure get wet when you come." Her cheeks still glistened.

"Do you like the taste?" I asked.

She licked her lips and gave out a cute little moan. "I love it," she said and snuggled her head in the crook of my neck.  We held each other in a loving embrace and after a few minutes, she said, "I hope you're not mad at me, Pam.  But I really wanted to make you feel good, you know, like the girls in the movie."

"No, sweetheart," I said.  She had her leg draped over me and I felt her wet patch of hair on my thigh.  I slowly caressed her back, running my hand along her bottom. "I'm not mad at all." I kissed her forehead. "It was so sweet of you."

"So you thought it was fun?"

"Oh yes," I said.  I realized that holding her in my arms, stroking her warm skin, feeling her little hard nipples on my chest, and smelling her aroused sex was turning me on all over again.  I sensed moisture forming between my legs and knew I wanted to have sex with her more than anything.

"Great!" she said, raising up and planting another kiss on my lips.  "Then can we do it some more?"

My heart skipped a beat as it suddenly hit me.  I was about to have my fantasy come true.  I had dreamed of what it would have been like to make love to Becky, regretting that we hadn't done it.  Now I had this sweet little angel in my arms begging me to do it.  And best of all, we were going to be alone together for the next two days!  I trembled at the thought.

Hesitantly, I said, "Michelle, are you sure you really want to do this?"

"Oh yes.  Watching those girls was such a turn-on and then getting to lick you made me want to come so bad." She wiggled her hips and pressed her pussy against me, her clit rubbed mine. "Please, Pam," Michelle said. "It'll be lots of fun, I promise."

That old feeling that I'd experienced with Becky so long ago swept over me. "Okay, sweetheart," I said.

"Yes!" she shouted and kissed me.  Before I knew it, her tongue was in my mouth and we were running our hands all over each other.  She humped my leg, grinding her pussy into me and sucking on my tongue.  Then she got up and stood on the couch with her feet straddling my head.  It was then that I realized how incredibly beautiful her young sex was and how much I wanted to taste it.  Michelle squatted down until she was only a couple of inches from my face.  I stroked her legs as I looked up at her.

"Do you think it's pretty?" she asked.

"It's gorgeous," I said, smelling her and feeling the heat from between her legs.

"So you want to lick it?"

My answer was a deep moan as I drew her to me.  In one long motion, I ran my tongue from her little puckered anus to the top of her slit.  I softly kissed her swollen lips and then spread them open with my fingers.  I breathed in her scent, closed my eyes and I covered her opening with my mouth, sliding my tongue in.  It was finally official: I had gone all the way.  I was eating pussy and loving it.  I only wish it had been my kissing cousin, Becky.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....