      Slowly she pushed her way into the clearing, looking at the wide
stretch of sand not too far away, looking at the poor explorer who had
been unfortunate enough to step into its sticky clutches.  Already he
had sunk down to his knees in the hungry goo, and it wasn't showing any
signs of being willing to let him escape--at least not without a good
deal of help.  She silently walked closer as he tried to pull one leg
free from the sand's sticky grip, managing to pull a few inches of shin
above the surface, but pulling his other leg down to mid-thigh in the
sand.  She could see the muscles of his thighs stand out in sweaty
relief as he tried to turn around in the thick goo, desperately hoping
to get back to the sturdier shore.  Each tensing of his thighs, each
time he strained to turn around pulled him deeper into the sand, his
thighs vanishing completely and the sand beginning to work its way up
his buttocks as he managed to turn a little ways around.  A little
further, and it had swallowed his hips and his navel.
 
      The explorer thrust his hands into the sand, his chest and back
muscles bulging from the effort to turn him towards the shore.  The
tendons of his neck showed as he strained and struggled against the
sand, finally facing back the way he had come as the sand just barely
reached his armpits.  She could see his shoulders strain as he tried to
lift an arm from the sand's sticky grip to reach towards the shore, but
even he could tell that the only effect of his efforts was to drag him
still deeper.  Klytha decided that this would be an interesting time to
make her way to the edge of the sand.
 
      She walked slowly to the edge of the quicksand, watching him
continue to struggle and sink as she approached.  As she drew near, he
looked up from watching himself being dragged deeper into the goo and
stopped struggling for a moment, gazing at her in surprise--perhaps he
just had not been expecting to find himself trapped helplessly in
quicksand just in front of a beautiful woman dressed in bits of leather
and fur that were used more to carry her weapons and tools than to
conceal her rather impressive features.  He called out to her in a
language that she recognized--fortunately it was one she actually knew
fairly well and could easilly have conversed in, though she decided to
watch him struggle just a little bit longer rather than reply to him.
 
      Klytha rather enjoyed this feeling of power--to be standing so
near to him, yet have him unable to reach her no matter how much he
tried and knowing just how much he wanted to reach her, knowing that
without her help, he would never make it out of the quicksand.  He
called out to her a second time and she found his pleading was almost as
exciting to her as watching his muscles strain as he struggled to escape
the sand's wet and sticky grip; she simply stood there, watching him
struggle, watching him sink to the level of his nipples in the wet sand.
Figuring that she couldn't understand him, the explorer tried
desperately to free an arm from the wet sand, the muscles of his
shoulder and neck standing out as he strained to lift it from the sand,
the swelling of his chest muscles pushing a bit of the sand away from
him, making the sand bulge slightly in front of each nipple as it
vanished below the sand.  She could see the muscles of his arm starting
to shake with the effort that still failed to free the trapped arm,
slowly pulling him deeper until his armpits met the surface of the sand.
 
      "Well..."  Klytha began, and his eyes widened as he suddenly
realized that she must have been able to understand his pleas all along.
"Actually, I don't know that I want to help you out at all; I'm really
quite enjoying watching you struggle and, to tell you the truth, the
though of you sinking helplessly into the sand, straining and struggling
to reach me as I stand over you and watch the tension on your muscles
and the desperation in your eyes until it finally swallows you up is
really quite turning me on."
 
      "You can't mean that," he responded, between rapid breaths from
struggling.  "You've got to help me out."
 
      "Oh, I don't have to do anything.  In fact, if you like, why don't
I just stand here, watching you struggle, until you're fully convinced
that I don't have to do anything at all unless it's just what I want to
do."
 
      "What do you want?  I've got some money in my backpack."
 
      "Well, if that were what I was after, I could just wander over to
where your backpack is hanging and take it--and I really don't think you
could do much to stop me."
 
      "Then what do you want?"
 
      "Besides wanting to continue to watch you struggle?  Watch you
sink helplessly and plead with me to save you?  Well, that all depends
on you and what you're willing to do.  Maybe I'll just start with a
little test...."  She then slipped a foot free from her moccasin,
extending a tanned and toned leg towards him, pressing her toes gently
against his lips.
 
      He twisted his head to one side, sliding his lips away from her
toes. "What the hell are you doing?"
 
      Klytha moved her foot to his shoulder, feeling his strong muscles
tense beneath her toes.  "I don't think you understand the gravity of
your situation.  I think you'd better do exactly what I want if you even
want a chance to get out of there."  With that, she leaned forward a
little, shifting her weight onto the foot on his shoulder, pressing him
slowly deeper into the sand.
 
      "Stop pushing me!"  He exclaimed, feeling her foot pressing
downwards on his shoulder and struggling to get out from under it as it
pushed him gently down.
 
      "Don't tell me what I can and can't do--I'll do anything with you
I want to, including push you all the way beneath the sand if I decide
that is what I feel like doing.  In fact, since you are so delightful to
watch struggle and so unwilling to please, I think watching the sand
swallow you up is exactly what I'd like to do."  She leaned further,
pressing harder with her foot on his shoulder as he continued to
struggle, gently slipping the fingers of one hand inside her fur
loincloth, reaching down to slide her fingers softly over the outer lips
of her cunt as she felt him struggle beneath her foot in the deep sand,
feeling him try to pull away from her as she pushed him down to his
shoulders in the warm, wet goo.
 
      "Ok!  I'll do whatever you want!  Just get me out of here!"
 
      She lessened the pressure on his shoulder, but still continued to
push him down gently.  "Gee, I think you've taken an awfully long time
to decide; I was just starting to enjoy myself--you'd have to offer me
something better than my fingers."
 
      "Anything you want!  Just get me out of here!"
 
      "Oh, no deals.  You'll have to do very, very well, or I won't even
bother to save you.  In fact," she pressed down on his shoulder a little
more until it was underneath the sand, "unless you're awfully good, I
don't think you'll be able to satisfy me before it's too late."  She
removed her foot from his shoulder, leaving a footprint in the wet sand
that slowly filled in as she unfastened her loincloth and let it drop to
the jungle floor.  For a moment, he tried to struggle again, buried up
to his neck in the soft sand, pulling himself another half-inch into the
sand.
 
      Klytha pushed a small log to the edge of the sand and sat upon it,
slowly extending a leg to each side of his head, feeling her thighs
brushing against his ears as she placed her feet down on the surface of
the quicksand behind him, her heels starting to sink into the goo as
well.  In one hand she gripped a vine, just in case should have any
trouble escaping herself.  She looked down at him, barely two inches
away from her awaiting pussy lips, and let her thighs rest upon his
shoulders beneath the sand.  "You'll have to be awfully good," she said
as she let her thighs push him just a little deeper and make sure he
knew just how serious she was.  "Now, lick!"
 
      She reached down and shoved his face against her moist cunt,
feeling his lips and chin press into her as he gasped in surprise, a
gasp cut-off by her cunt suddenly covering his mouth.  She leaned
forward just a little, her cunt pressing down on his face.  "You'd
better start licking fast.  You don't have much more time."
 
      Gently, almost fearfully, he extending his tongue into her.  She
felt tingles sliding up and down her spine with the first touch of his
tongue against her clit.  Oh, yes; this was the moment she liked--to
have him utterly at her mercy, unable to do anything but please her, and
her able to make her wishes known to him just as forcefully as she
wanted.  She felt his hot breath from his nose blowing against the skin
over her pussy and blowing through her pubic hairs as she slowly
squirmed over his face, feeling his tongue sliding within her and
feeling her own cunt slipping over his now-wet face, feeling his lips
and his chin against her most sensitive areas, feeling his nose pressed
against the skin over her cunt.
 
      His widened his tongue, sliding it slowly and gently within her,
though her thighs pressed against the sides of his head felt his whole
body tense and shake under her as she involuntarilly squeezed his head
between her thighs, pressing her cunt hard into his face.  His tongue
began to accelerate, even the gentle thrusts of her cunt against his
face pushing him slowly into the quicksand, reminding him just how
urgent it was that she be satisfied and be satisfied quickly.  Rapidly,
the tip of his tongue flicked her sensitive clit before dipping down to
probe the opening of her vagina, gently pushing against it, than drawing
rapid circles around it inside her.  Suddenly, his tongue dashed back to
her clit and she arched her back, a moan escaping her lips as she thrust
her cunt hard against his lips, shoving him down into the sand to his
chin.  Surprised by this, he suddenly stopped licking; "lick," she
reminded him sternly, shifting forward and starting to press him down
deliberately with her wet cunt.  He struggled to try to pull away from
her for a moment, his head shaking from side to side, his lips rapidly
rubbing back and forth inside her as her cunt shoved him deeper into the
sand.  "Lick!" She reminded, as he had to lean back to hold his face
above the sand.  Gently, he extended his tongue again, as she shifted
forward again to cover his lips, having to slide off the log, her whole
weight now pressing him downward into the sand.  "Lick!"  she commanded,
feeling him squirm and struggle beneath her, forcing her to slide even
further forward to cover him as he was sinking into the sand.  Rapidly,
frantically he licked her, his tongue dancing around her clit, flicking
is tip against the tip of her clit, as she ground her cunto down onto
his face, feeling the tensions building inside her as the pleasure of
his tongue began to spread out from her clit.  "Oh, yes!" she moaned,
his face now only barely above the sand, his tongue licking her faster
than ever, her cunt feeling his jaw moving inside her as she began
thrusting her pelvis into his face, his rapid licks bringing her to the
edge of orgasm, her body stiffening as the sand began to flow slightly
onto his face...almost...almost just a little more and she would be
there as she squirmed over his face, sudden thrusts of her cunt pushing
him into the sand and suddenly she started to come--her back arching,
her legs tightening and shoving her cunt hard against his face barely
above the sand, his struggles between her thighs and the thrashing of
his face within her cunt as he tried desperately to escape being thrust
entirely below the sand driving her to greater and greater levels of
ecstacy, the feeling of power and control that filled her as she felt
him squirm under her, saw the look in his eyes as he looked up at her,
watching her grinding her cunt wildly into his face, knowing that the
next thrust might push him entirely below the sand.  Another
moment...yes...she imagined the look on his face and the feelings of his
struggles beneath her if she did let the sand swallow him up, either
losing control as climax spread through her, carelessly forgetting about
him as she came, shoving him below the sand as his helpless struggles
intensified her climax, or looking down at him, watching him, watching
his struggles as she deliberately let her weight press him slowly into
the sand, desperate licks of his tongue bringing her to climax just as
she watched him disappear...and suddenly she came, jets of pleasure
shooting through her as she felt his tongue within her, its tip
vibrating with the effort of his body straining to keep him above the
surface as she climaxed, writhing with ecstacy over him, leaning back
just enough to keep him from being swallowed up completely, feeling his
hot breath against her pussy as she decided, brief thoughts between
moments of sheer pleasure, that, this time, she would permit him to
survive.
