From - Wed Sep 25 14:31:26 1996
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!nntp1.jpl.nasa.gov!llyene!wlbr!news.new-york.net!news.wctc.net!feeder.chicago.cic.net!chi-news.cic.net!arclight.uoregon.edu!usenet.eel.ufl.edu!news-peer.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!uwm.edu!news.inc.net!newspump.sol.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!howland.erols.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!in2.uu.net!news.alt.net!newspost1.alt.net!default
From: hm300@hotmail.com (David Roch)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.stories.incest
Subject: - Kristy.txt [01/01]
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 96 21:40:59 GMT
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Affordable Usenet Access - http://www.alt.net
Lines: 172
Message-ID: <524bs6$o6a@tofu.alt.net>
X-Newsreader: News Xpress 2.0 Beta #0
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:24606 alt.sex.stories:131612 alt.sex.stories.incest:6042 alt.stories.incest:433

THE FOLLOWING IS A WORK OF PURE FICTION. ANY RESEMBLENCE TO ANY
INDIVIDUAL, DEAD OR ALIVE, IS TOTALLY COINCIDENTAL.


     John eased back in his recliner, adjusted his robe some and
let himself relax. For some reason he felt a little older than
his 33 years. Maybe it was his wife's leaving him several years
ago and, basically, disappearing from his life and that of
Alexis, his now 12-year-old daughter. Maybe that had caught up
with him this week for some reason.
     Then again, it had been an active evening. Alexis' best
friend, Kristy, was spending the night and John had spent much of
the evening cooking hotdogs and hamburgers, and playing games
with the girls.
     He laughed to himself, thinking maybe he had even gotten too
old even for Nintendo games.
     The shower had helped. He had taken a long, hot one and was
so relaxed afterwards that he had slipped on only his robe and
nothing else. The girls had gone back to Alexis' room and, most
likely, would be asleep soon.
     John had the television playing low and was only semi-
interested in watching. Still, he was easily startled when
something moved in the corner of his eye. He turned and saw
Kristy there.
     "You OK?" he asked her.
     She obviously was trying not to giggle.
     "I'm sorry if I scared you, Mr. Thomas," she said. "Alexis
went to sleep and I got kind of bored and I came out there. But I
didn't mean to scare you."
     John blushed some, somewhat embarrassed. "It's ok, honey,"
he told her.
     Kristy walked slowly over to his recliner. She was wearing
just a long t-shirt that came to mid-thigh on her, revealing much
of her tanned firm legs. She obviously wore no bra because her
nipples poked delicately at the thinnish material. Her dark blond
hair was long, dropping to at least four or five inches below her
shoulders, and it seemed to fit perfectly with an absolutely
gorgeous face for any female of any age.
     "Whatcha watching?" she said, appearing interested in the
television, though she was still moving towards is recliner.
     "Aw, some show. I'm not even sure what it was. I was just
letting the TV keep me company basically," he replied.
     Kristy sat on the arm of his recliner, her left leg draped
on the right arm. It was bent at the knee and her movement caused
the shirt to ride up her leg further, revealing more of her
young, tanned, firm body.
     Not meaning to, John's eyes moved to the leg. The beauty of
it caused his cock to stir and he even considered grabbing a feel
of it before his common sense took over. His eyes moved up and he
saw Kristy looking at him. She smiled but said nothing.
     Reaching down and taking his remote, Kristy began switching
channels with it, saying, "Well, maybe I can find us something
better to watch that you will like more!"
     She flicked through the channels quickly while John did his
best not to let his eyes move back to her sexy young leg.
Suddenly, the television stopped on one of the movie channels. On
it, two women were standing there nude, apparently ready to have
sex with a man who was running his hands over their bodies.
     "Guess he is gonna fuck them," Kristy said nonchalantly but
John's cock nearly jumped at her use of the word "fuck."
     Kristy shifted again and moved closer to him, sitting more
on the arm of the chair now. The shirt rode up more, revealing
her left hip but not allowing him to see more.
     John's eyes kept moving back and forth, looking at the nude
women on television and looking at this incredibly gorgeous 12-
year-old body right beside him. It was getting more and more
difficult for him to contain his excitement, and his cock was
beginning to stiffen.
     "Maybe...uh...maybe you ought to go on back to bed, Kristy,"
he said, forcing the words even though he desperately wanted to
see how this sexy little girl looked nude.
     "Aw, I'm not sleepy at all!" she replied.
     As he was trying to force his courage to demand she return
to bed, he heard her giggle.
     "Doesn't look like you are sleepy either, Mr. Thomas!" she
laughed.
     He looked at her eyes and then trailed them to his lap. His
cock was obviously hard poking the robe up some.
     "Uh...Kristy...Kristy...uh," he stammered, not sure of what
to say, knowing he had to get this girl away from him.
     Suddenly, she jumped off the recliner and stood there beside
it. He was relieved - she was going back to bed.
     "Aw, Mr. Thomas!" she whined. Then, with one swift pull, the
shirt came over her head and off her body. She tossed it to the
floor and stood there completely nude, showing him her 12-year-
old body.
     "Are you SURE I can't stay up a little while longer?"
     He was unable to speak. Trying to, all he heard was a small
groan come from his own lips. He could not even move, his eyes
locked to her tiny tits and to her bare pussy. In fact, he could
not even move when the nude girl climed into the recliner with
him.
     When her lips pressed against his, he instinctively opened
his mouth and let his tongue slide into her mouth. Kristy groaned
and sucked lightly at his tongue. His hands finally found
themselves, and they began feeling her tight young ass, one
eventually leaving to feel her small firm tits. He could feel her
hands opening his robe as far as they could, and then he could
feel her lips over his neck.
     "No," he finally was able to say. "No, we can't do this. For
crying out loud, you are 12 fucking years old!"
     Undaunted, she continued kissing him, working down his
chest. He began to protest again but the words stuck in his
throat as her tongue snaked out to lick his right nipple. The
sensuousness of her tongue, the way it licked small circles
around his nipple, the way her young mouth opened and sucked it
inside, it stopped his protests. They had gone too far. His cock
was too hard.
     "You want to fuck me, Mr. Thomas?" she asked, the words
flowing so naturally from her.
     "God yes!" he replied, knowing it was wrong, knowing he
would have to do it.
     "Say it. Tell me what you want, Mr. Thomas."
     He nearly whimpered. "I want to fuck you, Kristy."
     Still on top of him, she reached between her legs and found
his hard cock. He could feel as she began rubbing the head back
and forth on her slit. Her young pussy was hot. Her young pussy
was wet.
     "You want to fuck me, Mr. Thomas? You want to fuck a 12 year
old girl's cunt?"
     This time he didn't hesitate. "Yeah. Fucking yeah! I want to
fuck you, Kristy. I want to fuck your hot, wet 12 year old cunt
with my hard cock!"
     They both groaned as she began lowering her pussy down his
cock. It was incredibly tight but so wet that it slid down
easily. They both whimpered the last part and then his cock was
buried in her cunt.
     "God yes!" she whispered loudly. "Your hard fucking cock
feels so good in my hot cunt!"
     She began moving her pussy up and down his cock, fucking him
as he sat in his chair. He was squeezing her ass, his mouth
sucking her nipples as the little girl fucked up and down his
cock. She moved slowly at first, obviously no virgin, and then a
little faster. He was still. She was fucking him.
     "So good, Mr. Thomas! So fucking good! Fucking! Fucking!"
     Her cunt became a blur on his cock and he could feel her
tense, he could hear her grunting. She leaned forward, her lips
at his ear.
     "I'm cumming. Oh fuck! I'm cumming on your fucking cock!"
she loudly whispered, her hot breath and her hot words in his
ear.
     Kristy continued moving quickly up and down his cock, the
feeling and her words making his balls boil.
     "Faster," he groaned at her and he could feel the speed of
her pussy up and down his cock pick up.
     As it did, he groaned. His cock began spurting hot cum into
her 12 year old pussy. His groans were louder. Her mouth kept
whispering, "Cum for me! Cum for me! Cum in my little cunt!"
     Having filled the little girl's pussy, the held each other,
trying to catch their breath. His cock, now going limp, was still
in her pussy.
     "Will you get hard for me again? Please, Mr. Thomas?" she
whispered in that sexy way to him.
     He groaned. "I might need a few minutes, baby," he replied.
Then, he felt his balls tickling.
     His eyes popped open. Then he saw what was causing that
wonderful sensation on his balls. Alexis, his own daughter, had
snuck into the room and was licking them!
     John began to speak.
     Kristy smiled, not interrupting Alexis' licking of her own
father's balls. "She wanted you, Mr. Thomas. We both did. We're
tired of fucking these 16 year old guys who think they are such
studs! We both wanted a real man!"
     John began to object but remained silent. The sensation of
Alexis loving his balls with her young mouth was too much for
him. Instead, he allowed his cock to begin hardening in Kristy's
pussy and he reached down and slid a finger into his daughter's
cunt.
     Yeah, he thought, I'm going to give both these little sluts
plenty of cock!
                              -END-

