Kiddie Toilet Competition

"Okay, kids.. Before you dive in and eat the pizza, everyone take your
acid!  Make sure you put your hair up in a pony tail!  I don't want it
getting in the way later.  The little girls had been doing acid with the
man they called 'Uncle Jim' all Summer, this 'special' summer camp had
allowed them to learn all about toilet trips and acid trips.  The children
loved it.

During the weekends, other children were allowed to come to the camp, but
no sex play went on while they were there.  Oh, 'Uncle Jim' would have
liked to have gotten down with some of the other kids, but it was too
risky, and what he had going with his three little 'keepers', was enough
to keep any man happy.  But every Monday, after the last of the weekend
campers had left, 'Uncle Jim' fed the little girls a hit of acid and a big
helping of pizza and coke.  Within an hour, they always finished the pizza
and cokes, and were buzzing into a heavy acid trip, ready to shit and piss
the next twelve hours away.

Now that the food was gone, the children were told to take their clothes
off and line up on the couch.  "Come on.. You too, Betty!!"  Three little
girls, ages 6 to 9, each with blond hair pulled into pony tails.

All 3 little girls walked over to the couch and sat down next to each
other, knowing what Jim had planned. "Okay.. Now put your rears toward
the front.. Slide forward and pull your knees back and play with your-
selves!"  Three little girls pulled their legs back to their chests and
began fingering their juicy little twats, rubbing their clits and smearing
the moisture over their stained ass puckers as they looked up at Jim,
standing in front of them, his hard dick throbbing up and down.  "That's
good."

With that, Jim knelt down in front of 9 year old Tina, grabbed one of her
knees in each hand and lifted up and apart.  Tina fell back with a squeak
as her slender legs were widely parted revealing her hairless cunt to
Jim's stoned gaze.  He wasted no time, immediately dipping his face down
to contact her bald mound and probed her hairless pussy lips with his
tongue, immediately concentrating on the small clitoris that peeked out
from the top of her smooth slit.  The tiny third grader had not showered
all weekend, and her smell was intoxicating to his acid-enhanced nostrils.
He sucked and licked the puckered pee hole, and then slid his wet lips and
nose down over her slick skin until his mouth was over her puckered
asshole.  Jim poked his tongue into Tina's tight, spit-slick shitter,
then tongue-fucked the child's smelly anus for several minutes.

Sitting back on his heels to catch his breath, his head spinning on the
acid trip, he shivered a bit, and then made a bee line to Betty, grabbing
a small leg in each hand, almost lifting her off the couch and planting
his face into the 6 year old's tiny crotch.  The man sniffed the small
child's urine-smelly twat, and pushed his nose along her baby slit and
down over her brown-stained anus.  He screwed his nose around, back and
forth, trying to screw it deeply into the tight hole, inhaling the faint
sweet smell of her shit.  The child didn't wipe well, and the hint of
dried shit on the tiny pink hole was just enough to coat the tip of Jim's
nose, leaving a delightful aroma.  Betty squealed that it tickled and
squirmed under Jim's renewed attack on her tiny vagina, the lips so smooth
and small that his tongue covered her entire opening and actually
stretched her labia as he probed her tiny recess with his oral probe.
There was only one thing Jim liked better than licking a very young girl's
smooth openings, and that was having them pee in his face, and shit on
his chest until he blasted his hot cum.  For Jim, the younger the better
and no holds or holes barred.  Both the man, and his little first grade
playmate were so turned on by the acid high, that everything they did
felt wonderful.  The small girl's dirty child-smells had Jim's dick
throbbing, as he licked and poked the 6 year old's moist pussy and
brown-smeared butthole.

Nine year old Tina was furiously masturbating her little cunt while she
watched Jim power-suck Betty's cunt and ass, and began to feel the waves
of pleasure from her own small pussy.  After initially concentrating on
her clit, she forced a small finger into her dirty shit hole -- pushing
it deeper and deeper while putting pressure on her clit with the fingers
of her other hand.  Holding her own slender legs in the air with her hands
behind her knees, Jim was probing her small cunt with his fingers as well
as his tongue.  With one hand he spread the small bald lips of her 9 year
old vagina while inserting his finger slowly up into her cunt. Tina could
feel her young passages stretching to allow his finger access to her
interior, probing her inner reaches like a small cock.  It turned her on
to feel his finger manipulating her inexperienced pussy.  The lips of her
pre-teen opening held open by his other hand, exposing the coral inner
reaches of her cunt to his hot breath sent shivering sensations through
her young body.  Next to her, 8 year old Jennifer was beginning to breathe
hard, and without even realizing it took Tina's hand in hers and held it
tightly as she watched her friend getting her hairless pussy and butthole
licked and sucked.

The scene on the couch was a young lovers' delight.  Three small, acid-
tripping girls, the oldest 9 and the smallest just 6, each with her legs
waving up in the air, moaning as Jim licked and fondled their small,
hairless pre-teen cunts and fragrant brown-stained shitters.  Jennifer
and Tina each held their legs up, knees spread and back while their young
vaginas were probed and prodded, one after the other, as Jim moved back
and forth between the two kids.  Then, back to Betty, he used one arm
across both of her small legs to hold them up in the air, while his tongue
probed her tiny cunt opening, and the pinkie finger of his other hand
tried to enter her impossibly small rectum.   The 6 year old gave a little
"OH!" of surprise when her sphincter finally succumbed and Jim's pinkie
finger entered her back door to the first knuckle.  The man licked the
youngster all the more, even though she was too young to have an orgasm.
Betty still enjoyed the sensation, and knew that she was turning Jim on by
giving him access to her privates.  She also new that later, Jim was
going to make sure that the 1st grader got his pent up load of hot cum
in her mouth and that he'd drink some of her pee, and taste and lick her
turds!!  The tiny blond child looked forward to it.

All at once, Tina began acting like she was cumming; her moans getting
loader and turning into a screech as spasms of orgasm jerked the 9 year
old child.  Her head snapped forward and back with each spasm of her cunt.
Jim pushed his face deep into the 4th graders pre-pubescent vagina, loving
the way the inner walls grasped at this probing tongue, and the way her
sweet pre-teen juices coated his cheeks and chin!

Her mouth opened in a long deep moan as immense wave after wave of
pleasure radiated from between her open legs to travel up her body,
through her belly and flat chest, and explode just behind her eyeballs.
Her legs snapped straight out, the muscles taut; her chest flushed deep
red; her jaw twitched but no coherent sound came out.
"AHHHHHHHRHRHRRRGGRGRGGGGGGHGHGHHHHHH", was all she could say, and then
she began to convulse, her hips moving in short, sharp jerks up and down
into Jim's mouth.  Jim could feel each convulsion on his finger, now
inserted deeply into her fresh, school-girl cunt.  Her vagina was sucking
on his finger, in...out, with each contraction of pleasure that wracked
the little girl.  Tina, without realizing it, was now squeezing back on
Jennifer's hand as hard as Jennifer had been squeezing her.  In a small
part of her mind, Tina thought that it felt good to have the company of
other little girls when having sex, this being the first time that she'd
ever had sex with another little girl around.  It made her feel less
strange to know that she wasn't perverted for letting a grown man lick
her pussy, and that she wasn't the only pre-teen girl to like playing
toilet trips with grown men.

"It's toilet time, girls.", Jim told them.  Each little girl knew what to
do next, it was the same thing they did every Monday.  The acid was in
full effect as they all reached down behind their knees, and pulled their
little legs back to their chests, exposing both their toilet holes.

Still kneeling down on the floor in front of the three small children, Jim
smacked Tina's hairless wet pee hole with his hand.  The sting jolted her
stoned body, and she pushed in and out with both her holes for the man.
Then he smiled and quickly smacked Jennifer and Betty on their tiny,
hairless upturned twats, stinging their sensitive little genitals, and
watching the acid-stoned girls puckering their tiny buttholes in and out.

The man continued smacking the children right on their sensitive little
sex organs.  By now the tiny slits and puckered anuses were beginning to
turn red.

The man smacked harder and harder, quicker and quicker, switching back and
forth between the small girls.  The palm of his right hand had reddened,
and stung with each new slap onto the childrens' hairless crotches.

Then he leaned forward and swiped his tongue up the length of Betty's
stinging twat.  He licked from her fragrant, brown-stained 6 year old
anus up to her hard clit.  The little child shuddered at the touch of his
tongue on her tiny clit.

He sucked as hard as he could on the tiny nubbin, and gently nibbled it
with his teeth.  The young child's acid-racked body shuddered at the
sensation.

The man was tripping on the acid too, and was eager to get his face wet
with little-girl pee.  His brain sizzled at the thought of rubbing his
nose in each little girl's moist ass pucker, and sniffing and inhaling
their childish shit and piss odors.  He told Betty to let just a little
dribble out of her pee hole.

The tiny first grader got a serious look on her angelic face and con-
centrated for a minute, trying to pee for the man.  Jim's face was right
in front of the impossibly tiny pee hole and he sniffed the little crotch
as Betty pushed out.  He sat back on his heels, squatting in front of the
little girl, his face within inches of her widely-spread legs, and the
toilet holes between them.

"Tina and Jennifer, get down here with me," the man told the other two
girls, his hot breath burning Betty's already warm pussy slit.

Kneeling on each side of Jim, between the 6 year old's spread legs, the
young girls each had their acid-glazed eyes glued to their friend's piss
hole.  All three of them watched closely as it spasmed open and closed,
then relaxed open, further and further.  Soon it was totally relaxed,
pink and sweet on the outside, and darker red further inside.

"SNIFF her pussy.", Jim said, as he pushed Jennifer toward the first
grader's hole.  Little 8 year old Jennifer eagerly leaned forward and put
her small face into Betty's crotch, while Tina played with her own little
twat, rubbing and pinching her small clit as she knelt next to the older
man, both watching the scene before them.

Jennifer burrowed her nose right into the 6 year old's asshole sniffing
deeply as she buried it further and further inside.  Popping her now
brown-stained nose out of Betty's moist pucker hole, Jennifer rubbed it
over the other girl's pee hole, then began pushing gently into the smooth,
relaxed opening.  She nose-fucked the little hole deeper and deeper, as
Betty relaxed it more and more.

Then it happened.  Droplets of yellow urine began leaking out.  Jennifer
inhaled and choked as she sniffed up some of the warm yellow pee.  She
immediately began lapping at the hole as more and more pee started
coming out.

Then, pasting her small mouth over the pissing hole, Jennifer slurped up the
hot urine as fast as Betty peed it out.

"Let Tina have some too!" Jim said, pulling Jennifer's shoulder back and
simultaneously pushing Tina forward.  As Jennifer's mouth-seal was broken,
the first grader's pee splashed all over Jennifer's face, dripping off her
chin and cheeks, and running down her body.  Betty was getting piss-washed
all over and around her toilet holes.

Jim quickly pushed Tina right into the stream of hot pee, momentarily
watching the yellow stream of urine arch up onto her chest, as the 9 year
old lowered her open-mouthed face directly down into the stream.  Keeping
her mouth wide open, she caught it and followed it back up to the source,
where she pasted her lips around the hairless opening and began drinking
it down.  Tina sucked and drank the 6 year old's pee until it gave out.
When she released her suction on the first grader's pee hole, piss ran
down her crack to the brown-stained ass pucker, which glistened in the
light.

Tina felt like she was peaking on the acid.  She was so turned on that,
as she hovered over Betty's upturned pee and shit holes, she leaned down
and ran her nose all around over the piss-wet skin surrounding both of
them.  She got her nose even wetter in the tiny pee hole, which still
leaked the yellow fluid.  Then she rubbed it back over the piss-wet skin
between the two holes, and began circling the stinky brown-stained hole.
After a few times around the sensitive hole, Tina centered her wet nose
right on the pucker, and pushed in.  She pushed in and pulled out,
inhaling deeply.  Then she began nose-fucking the tiny 6 year old's
pee-slick turd hole.

Jim was jacking his hard dick as he watched the 9 year old nose-fuck the
6 year old's stinky, piss-wet shit hole.  Watching the little girls engage
in such dirty sex really turned the man on.  Tina nose-fucked Betty harder
and harder.

Occasionally, she would take a break, and hold her nose right next to the
opening to inhale the fragrant aroma of the child's wet shit hole.  When
she did that, Jim could see the slimy coating on Tina's nose.

Little 8 year old Jennifer was beginning to feel left out.  She scooted
closer to Tina, eager to sniff the 6 year old's shit-hole again.  The
8 year old lowered her face next to Tina's just over Betty's hole, and
Tina raised up to let Jennifer smell the delightful fragrance and play
with the Betty's tiny asshole.

Jennifer, gazing at the rubbery hole, her acid-charged brain buzzing,
leaned into the wet hole and sniffed the aroma.  Inhaling loudly and
deeply, she pinched her own little clittie, wiping her hand over her slit
and down under herself to her asshole.  It felt so good to rub her own
holes while she sniffed Betty's two toilet holes.

Jim noticed Jennifer rubbing her own holes, and decided to get kinkier
with the children.  "OK, let's lick Tina's butt!", he said.

"Tina, get down on your knees with your shoulders down and your ass up in
the air." the man told the 9 year old child.

Buzzing with the acid high, the small child positioned herself with her
silky smooth butt up in the air, her glistening pussy lips and damp
asshole lewdly exposed to the other two children and the kinky man.

Jim made Jennifer and Betty kneel on each side of Tina, and use both their
hands to spread the 9 year old's ass cheeks open.  The two little girls
pulled hard, and the third grader's ass spread wide, the little brown-
stained, pink pucker hole pulled lewdly open, its rubbery ring stretched
wide.  They could all see the pointed tip of a tiny turd far up inside
the red tunnel of the girl's ass channel.

"Try to touch her turd with your nose, Betty."  The little blond-haired
6 year old lowered her tiny face into the older child's ass crack, and
dabbed her little nose right onto the 9 year old's butt hole.  She poked
it several times, then sniffed all around it.  Her eyes widened as she
smelled the delicate aroma of her friend's shit chute.  On acid, the
first grader loved the smell of shit.  In fact, all three of them did.

"Nose-fuck her hole like she did yours." Jim told her.

Betty began eagerly poking her cute nose inside the hairless butt hole.
She'd inhale loudly on the out stroke and began leaving her nose up inside
the dirty shit hole longer and longer between breaths, making her breathe
even louder on the out stroke.

The little 8 year old pushed her face harder and harder into the hairless
pre-pubescent butt hole, trying desperately to touch the tip of the turd
for the man.  She began nose-fucking the little girl's relaxed hole harder
and harder, her blond ponytail bobbing back and forth.  Betty was pushing
her face so forcefully, that it was mashed into fourth grader's fleshy
ass cheeks.

Jim had a momentary scare as he considered what the first grader's parents
would do to him if they only knew what he was making their little daughter
do, trying to touch her nose to the tip of a dirty turd up inside the
asshole of one of her friends.  The thought also gave him a charge of
excitement as he considered the absolute power and control he had over
these three little children.  He could do whatever he wanted with them.

"Can my little 6 year old cuntie feel Tina's shit on her nose?" the man
whispered to Betty, his mouth close to her ear.  The little girl shuddered
from the tone of the man's voice.  He kept teasing her as she tried to do
what he told her, without luck.

"You're a useless little cunt, you little bitch!" the man said.  "Get back
and let Jennifer try.  I bet SHE can touch the turd with HER nose!"  With
that he smacked Betty on the face with his hand.  The 6 year old child
moved away and started whimpering, rubbing her stinging cheek.

"Get your nose up her ass hole, Jennifer!" barked the man.  The 8 year
old scooted over behind Tina's luscious ass.  It was up in the air about
even with the third grader's face, and she leaned into the crack and
sniffed the pucker hole.  She inhaled deeply, and used her hands to
spread the cheeks wide.  The little girl knew what needed to be done if
she was to touch her friend's turd with her nose.  She spread the ass
cheeks as wide as she could, and peered into the stinky butt hole.

Jennifer lapped over the stretched open hole.  The rubbery ring yielded
as she pressed her tongue harder and harder against it, dipping into the
indentation of the hole farther with each forceful lick.  Then the little
girl poked her nose into the spit-slick hole, and began nose-fucking it.

The 8 year old nose-fucked her 9 year old friend's stinky butt hole so
hard that her blond ponytail was bobbing on her head in rhythm to her
movements.  She could smell the sweet odor of the other child's shit,
which was clearly visible up inside her turd chute, just out of reach of
her nose.  Jennifer pushed the little girl's ass cheeks even wider, and
forced her nose further up her asshole.  She sniffed and inhaled, high on
the acid, and loving the smells.  If only she could reach the turd tip,
and get some of her friend's shit on her nose!  Then she could try to lick
her nose with her tongue.  It would taste so good.

But Jennifer wanted to sniff her little friend's pussy, too.  She pulled
her nose out of the butt hole and slid it down over the smooth, hairless
skin to 9 year old Tina's pee hole.  She left a trail of snot and ass
juices across the skin, and pushed her nose inside the other girl's up-
turned pee hole.  She nose-fucked the soft little hole harder and harder,
stretching its elastic muscle over her nose.  The smells were intoxicating
to the stoned child, raw sex, children's smells, piss odors and sweet shit
smells!

"Piss on her face!", Jim told Tina.  The 9 year old pushed out and relaxed
her hole, letting warm, yellow pee trickle out over Jennifer's nose and
face.  Jennifer sat back on her heels watching the pee spew out of her
friend's piss hole.  She opened her mouth as wide as she could and leaned
into the warm stream and followed it back up to Tina's pee hole.  She
swallowed as fast as she could, drinking the sweet urine and wallowing in
the wet pussy lips with her face and brown-stained nose.  Two acid-stoned
children playing kinky toilet games and loving every minute of it.

Tina's pee ran out and the 8 year old girl-child started lapping up the
yellow drops that were on the other child's pussy lips.  She lapped the
length of the kiddie-cunt and slid her tongue up over the stinky little
kiddie shit hole.  She wiped her tongue and nose all around the 9 year
old's asshole, down over the entire pussy crack and back again.  The
little girl did this over and over.  It tasted so good to her acid-charged
brain.

As Tina relaxed from her pee, Jennifer's tongue and nose rubbing all
around her butt crack and pee hole made her even more relaxed.  Suddenly,
the tiny turd tip started moving down the little girl's bowels toward the
opening of her anus.

"Oh wow, here it comes!" Jennifer gasped, sitting back on her heals and
watching Tina's relaxed butt hole as the small turd crept down toward the
smelly, brown-stained pucker hole.

Her eyes widened and she scooted closer to smell the fourth grader's shit.
The tiny butt hole began to spread open wider and wider and the little
turd tip pushed out.  Jennifer leaned into it and sniffed.  The child's
eyes widened as she inhaled deeply and sighed at the sweet smell of the
other little girl's shit odor.  Her acid-hazed brain sparked and she
opened her mouth and pasted her lips on the smooth, piss-wet skin forming
a gasket around the turd.   Then she began to lightly suckle the firm tip
of the turd as it slipped slowly out of Tina's asshole.

Tina pushed a little more and the turd began to taper as her sphincter
closed over it.  Jennifer reached up and broke the turd in half, still
sucking on the half in her mouth and with her hands rubbed the other half
on her naked body.  She smeared Tina's shit on her flat little chest
covering the pink nipples and on her stomach, obliterating her navel.
Then she took the half turd in her mouth and smeared it on her face and
neck.  She ran her shit-covered hands through her hair leaving it streaked
with Tina's shit.  Then the shit-speckled 8 year old began to lick Tina's
dirty asshole, slipping her dirty tongue into the 9 year old's rectum as
far as she could get it, lapping up the shit and swallowing it.

Tina was moaning with pleasure at the feeling of Jennifer's tongue inside
her shit-hole and was finger-fucking herself furiously, obviously having
an orgasm.  She removed the finger from her pussy and brought it to her
mouth, sucking off the cum juices which coated it.

Little 6 year old Betty had been whimpering since the man had slapped her
and now she wanted to get back into the action again.  She crawled over
to Jennifer and began to lick Tina's shit off Jennifer's stomach.  Betty
tongue-fucked Jennifer's belly button, cleaning the shit out of it, and
ate all the shit she could get off her stomach.  Then she licked around
Jennifer's titties, making the nipples hard again, and she kept eating
the shit until Jennifer's nipples were all pink and pretty again.

"I have to poop now," said Jennifer, her pretty shit-covered face barely
visible through its coating of brown.

"O.K.," said Jim, "Tina, you eat her shit and Betty drink her piss.
Jennifer, you suck my cock while you shit."

Tina and Betty lay down on the floor head to head and Jennifer squatted
over them, her asshole given to Tina, her pussy to Betty.  The man stood
in front of her and poked his cock into her shit-covered face.  The little
third grader opened her mouth and took the cock into her mouth, covering
it with spit and shit.  She began to suck and jack off his cock furiously.

Tina had her mouth glued to Jennifer's anus and probed it with her tongue,
waiting for the turd to appear.  Little 6 year old Betty spread Jennifer's
pussy open with her little thumbs and watched for the first dribble of her
golden pee.  Soon her waiting paid off in a solid stream of piss shooting
from Jennifer's little urethra straight into Betty's face.  The little
girl maneuvered her mouth to catch the stream and began to drink the
delightful liquid as if rushed from the 8 year old's bladder.

Then her asshole opened slightly and, to the delight of little 9 year old
Tina, a turd began to push its way out of Jennifer's colon.  When an inch
or so of it was outside the stretched sphincter, Tina encircled the turd
with her lips and literally sucked out of the 8 year old's asshole.  She
sucked and licked the long brown turd as it slipped slowly out of the
opened shit-tube, finally tapering and dropping wholly into the little
girl's mouth.  Like Jennifer before, Tina broke off what wasn't in her
mouth and rubbed it all over her face and body, covering herself in her
friend's shit.  The turd remaining in her mouth she slowly chewed up and
swallowed, leaving her mouth a complete stain of brown, brown saliva
running from the corners of her mouth and down to stain her neck and hair.

As Jim looked down at the first grader drinking the rush of piss from the
fourth grader's pussy, he came.  His cum blasted into Jennifer's mouth,
mixing with the shit and spit already there as she swallowed.  He quickly
pulled his prick from her mouth and aimed it at the 6 year old on the
floor.  He shot twice at her, once hitting her on the forehead and once
in the mouth.  The child wiped the semen from her forehead and licked it
off her hand.  Soon the 8 year old stopped pissing and she and Betty
licked all the shit from Tina's 9 year old body.  The busy little pre-teen
tongues moved quickly over the smooth skin, washing away the shit that
covered most of her torso.  Then the children licked each other's faces
and kissed each other, all the while fingering each other's cunts and
assholes, the three of them panting and cumming on their hands.

Finally, exhausted and filled to overflowing with their child piss and
shit, still tripping, the three children collapsed in a filthy heap on
the floor.  Jim smiled, his dripping cock slowly deflating.  He looked
at the mess and knew that the children would clean it up when they came
back from their trips and that everything would be as it had been before.
He went into the bathroom, took a shower, got dressed and laid down until
it would be time for the girls to awaken.  There would be other times,
perhaps with other children, perhaps younger children.  Soon.  Very soon.

The End
