From: an242967@anon.penet.fi (Gina Marie)
Reply-To: an242967@anon.penet.fi
Date: Wed, 28 Jun 1995 17:31:36 UTC
Subject: Katie/Lyn 1 - At the Movies (ff, teen, cons)

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
The following is fiction of an adult nature.  If I believed in setting age limits for
things, you'd have to be eighteen to read this and I'd never have written it.
IMHO,  if you can read and enjoy, then you're old enough to read and enjoy.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Like Topsy, this keeps growing.  As originally envisioned, it was okay, but in order
to make the story somewhat more reasonable in longer version, I've made a few, small
changes.  GMW. 
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
	
	Chapter 1 -- At the Movies
	
	I looked at Bill Shearer with a weary expression on my face.  He was talking
at length about his latest Nintendo victory and I was about bored out of my skull
with it. I didn't go out on many dates; I thought to myself, and it certainly
showed up in the quality of the date I go on.  Before Bill it had been Randall;
he'd wanted to get in the back seat and neck.  If that had been all that he
wanted, we might have had a good time.  At least Bill was more or less harmless
that way. Dull, though.  For the millionth time I wondered how you met someone
who was interesting?
	
	Suddenly Bill was waving, and I saw someone across the movie theater wave
back. I turned my head to get a better look, as Bill was saying, "There's the
friend I was telling you about, Donny Wilder."  Donny was short, a trifle pudgy
and he was trailed by a girl about my own age. She was petite, about five feet
two, thin, with long brown hair, down past her shoulder blades. "Kate,"  Bill
said introducing us, "This is Donny Wilder, he's in physics with me, Donny, this
is Kate Hanson."
	
	I nodded at him and he nodded back. "This is Marilyn Swain, except she likes
to be called Lyn."  The two boys sat down next to each other, and immediately
started talking about some new Nintendo game Donny had gotten.
	
	Lyn smiled at me and held out her hand. "Nice to meet you, Kate."
	
	I lightly shook her hand.  Her grip was firm.  Did she squeeze back? It was
hard to say.  I was a little intrigued. "Nice meeting you, Lyn. Looks like we're
losing out to a machine."
	
	She laughed, a pretty sound.  I found myself watching her every move. After a
minute or so I realized she wasn't wearing a bra; I found the idea oddly
exciting. "Yeah.  Donny can be a real bore sometimes. Particularly when he's
talking about his damn Nintendo games."
	
	I couldn't say why, but I kept glancing at Lyn as the two of us sat by
ourselves, talking, deserted by our dates.  Lyn was wearing jeans and print
blouse, the top two buttons of which were undone.  Just before the lights went
out, Lyn leaned down to get some gum out of her purse. My eyes were drawn to the
last undone button and I found I could see one of her breasts; small and conical,
mostly nipple, down the front of her blouse. It was strangely thrilling, more so
when she straightened back up and I saw her expression.  She'd done it on
purpose!   She'd wanted me to peek!  I felt tingly in my middle.
	
	The lights flickered and to my surprise Bill made no move to get up from his
seat and join me; so I stayed where I was, while Lyn at least was sitting next to
Donny.  It seemed like during the entire movie Bill and Donnie kept talking to
each other.
	
	At one very dramatic point in the movie I felt Lyn reach over and squeeze my
hand, just for a second. I glanced at her from the corner of my eye and saw she
was looking at me. I gave a little squeeze back, surprising myself.  I could see
a smile on Lyn's face while her hand tarried on mine another second, then moved
away. Later, Lyn was digging in her purse for a kleenex and when she straightened
up her fingers brushed my bare leg.  I found I was more thrilled than if Bill had
done it; not that he would.  I wasn't sure if Lyn was interested in me, but I
decided that I wanted to find out.  At one juncture during the movie I reached
out and put my hands on my leg, but such that the back of my hand was brushing
Lyn's thigh. Lyn's leg seemed to press more firmly against mine.
	
	After the movie Bill wanted to go over to Donny's house to try out the new
game. I didn't particularly want to, but Lyn pleaded with me to come along. The
drive over to Donny's house was fairly short and in a few minutes the two boys
were lost in the damned machine.  Donny's parents were out someplace and the four
of us were alone in their big house.  Lyn and I watched for a few minutes as they
turned on the computer game and played, ignoring us.
	
	Lyn announced she wanted to go freshen up. They hardly noticed and Lyn and I
went to the main bathroom. It reminded more of a public bath; there was a long
counter in front of a mirror and a smaller alcove for the tub and toilet.  We
stood primping in front of the mirror talking about inconsequential things. I'd
been wondering about what I thought were certain signals coming from Lyn at the
movie theater and felt a little thrill every time I glanced at Lyn, my mouth dry.
	
	Lyn took a small vial of perfume from her purse, and unbuttoned another
button of her blouse,  dabbed some of the rose-scented liquid on her fingers and
rubbed some between her breasts. As I had seen earlier Lyn's breasts were quite
small, mainly nipple and again I caught several glimpses of them.  I saw Lyn
watching my image in the mirror.  My eyes were drawn back to her breasts.  "I
sure wish these were bigger,"  Lyn murmured.
	
	I nodded, and added before she could take it wrong.  "Yeah, I have the same
problem!"  I ran my hand down the front of my blouse over one of my AAA nothings.
One thing I noticed though, my AAA nothing nipples were erect. And my own touch
made them stiffer, if anything, along with a pleasant sensation that suffused
through me.  If Lyn hadn't been there, I'd probably have touched them again.
	
	"You know,"  Lyn said, "maybe we ought to try a little trick on the guys.
You're wearing a skirt, I'm wearing jeans. I think we're close enough to the same
size to swap."
	
	I giggled.  "To see if they notice?"  I asked.  Lyn nodded and I said, "Sure!
Let's do it!" I unzipped my skirt and handed it to Lyn, while she handed me her
jeans.  I found myself aroused looking at Lyn standing in her panties, I noticed
her eyes were on me as well. For a brief moment we stood looking at each other's
bodies, before we hurriedly dressed and went out to where the guys were still
playing with the damn game.
	
	It would have been funny if it wasn't funny at all. For half an hour we tried
to talk to them, but the machine kept winning the battle.  If either of them
noticed the change they didn't figure it was worth comment. Finally I got really
pissed and told Bill that I had to be home soon.
	
	Lyn spoke up.  "Well, I gotta be going too. Look, I've got a car. Maybe I
could drop Kate off?"  I'd wondered about how we were going to handle the
logistics of changing back.   Now I was really surprised;  the last two times
we'd gone out Bill had taken me home and we'd necked for a while in the family
room; my parents were good about not coming down to check up on us.  Bill was shy
and we'd never passed the heavy smooching stage, but I've always liked being
cuddled.  Now, when he agreed with Lyn's suggestion, I was upset.  Poor guy
didn't know it, but in my head where there was a list of people I wanted to go
out with, his name got rubbed off the second he agreed.  I wanted to go with Lyn,
which maybe wasn't fair to him, but tough!  Lyn and I gathered up our stuff
silently and went outside.
	
	"What a pair of jerks!"  Lyn said as we got into her car.
	
	"Yeah, I don't believe it! To be dumped for a damn video game!"  We grinned
at each.  I was tense, unsure what was going to happen.  I knew I wanted
something, but I was afraid to think about what.
	
	Lyn let out a gusty sigh and I looked at her curiously.  "What are you
thinking?"  I asked finally.
	
	She shook her head.  "You'd be shocked."  Lyn replied, still looking straight
ahead.
	
	"No I wouldn't!"  I replied stoutly.
	
	"Well..." her voice trailed off.  "Scoot over here next to me and I'll
whisper a secret in your ear."  I thought it was a little odd; who could hear us
in the car?  But, I did as bid.  Lyn leaned close, her mouth right next to my
ear. "I want to kiss you, Kate"  Her voice was barely audible. She pulled back a
little and said in a more normal voice, "Are you shocked?"
	
	I shook my head.  Suddenly her hand was on my chin, turning my head to face
her. Her lips pressed down firmly on mine, and I kissing her back, almost from
the first moment.  The kiss went on for some time, before both of us mutually
broke apart to catch our breath.
	
	"Did you like that?"  Lyn asked softly.
	
	I nodded and this time I leaned close to Lyn to kiss her.  One of Lyn's arms
went around my waist and this time it was a very long kiss. It was Lyn who broke
this time, sighing softly.  "I could do that all night."
	
	"That sounds nice,"  I murmured back.
	
	Lyn looked around  "We should go, before the guys notice and wonder what we
are doing sitting here with the windows all fogged up!"  I looked, and sure
enough, the interior of the windows were misted over.
	
	Lyn started her car, and we sat quietly for a few seconds while the engine
warmed up. She turned to me and reached out for my hand.  "Kate, would you really
like to do it some more?"  She rushed her next words a bit, "We could go
somewhere and park."
	
	I was unsure, I'd never thought about doing anything remotely like this with
another girl.  Lyn kissed me again, quickly this time.  I felt the faint tip of
her tongue between her lips.  "Please?"  She pleaded quietly, squeezing my hand
gently.  I nodded, and Lyn smiled, and put the car into gear. I continued to sit
next to her in the middle of the seat, holding her hand.
	
	We drove a few minutes, just a few, and I saw we were at the outskirts of the
shopping mall parking lot.  Lyn pulled into a space well away from anything, and
shut off the motor.  For a couple of moments we looked at each other then she was
pulling me closer to kiss again.
	
	After a second I sort of let my mouth come open, and Lyn's tongue came into
it. I really hadn't had all that much practice, and Lyn seemed to have not a
whole lot either; in any case enthusiasm carried the day.  We made out for a very
long time, it seemed. Sometimes Lyn would kiss my neck and throat, another time
she kissed and licked my ear; even putting her tongue in it and gently blowing
into it.  It was strange at first to be kissing another girl, weird, but I liked
the way it felt.
	
	In fact I was feeling, very, very good.  A couple of times with guys I'd
gotten a little excited; Bobby, my boyfriend before Bill, and I had progressed
past the smooching stage, to touching one another through our clothes, and on one
memorable night, I'd not worn a bra, and he had unbuttoned my blouse and licked
as well as touched my breasts.  I'd always thought that Bobby lost interest after
finding out how little was hidden by my bra. After Bobby and I broke up I'd lay
alone at night in my bed where I found ways to make myself very excited, touching
myself in all my secret places.  I was very excited now.  I tried kissing Lyn's
ear the same way she had mine, and I could tell she was excited too, although I
suppose it shouldn't have been a surprise.  I found myself looking down the front
of her blouse again, one breast was mostly visible, including the nipple.  The
desire to reach inside her blouse and touch her was nearly overpowering.
	
	After a second she turned to me again, and this time our tongues really went
after each other.  After another long kiss Lyn was kissing me on my throat again
and I liked that a lot. I started stroking her hair, which I thought felt very
sensual.
	
	Then Lyn's kisses moved lower, and she was kissing the nape of my throat,
right above my blouse collar.  I could feel her lips on the skin of my chest,
pushing my blouse gently out of the way.  For a moment I wondered if she knew how
close to my breasts her lips were,  when I felt Lyn gently unbuttoning the top
button of my blouse.  Lyn's kisses moved along the edge of my lacey bra, her
tongue lightly tracing the faint swelling above my breasts.
	
	Lyn looked up at me briefly.  "Is this good for you Kate?" she asked softly.
	
	"Oh yes,"  I breathed, "very good."   I wasn't sure which I liked better, her
kiss, or the feeling I got from stroking her. Her fingers brushed aside my bra
and my breast was clearly visible in the light from outside.
	
	Her lips brushed the swelling lightly once again. "I want to kiss you very
much, dear Kate." I wanted Lyn to kiss me as well, and I applied the gentlest
pressure, pushing her head just the slightest bit down, Lyn gently kissed my
nipple,  her tongue moved against it, licking and rubbing it to hardness.   She
seemed to know every sensitive spot, and when she sucked on it as well as
tonguing it, I could not believe how good it felt.  At the same time her fingers
were exploring my other breast.
	
	After a few minutes Lyn's lips returned to mine, and I found out what my
nipples taste like.  I was very aroused and I moved my hand to slide inside her
blouse. My fingers glided over her warm skin, feeling her soft roundness fill my
hand. Lyn's titties looked a lot like mine, small, little more than bumps. But my
nipples were larger, and the tips got thick when they were hard, like a fat
pencil eraser.  Holding Lyn's breast in my hand was very arousing; emboldened by
the feel of her little tittie and erect nipple beneath my hand, I leaned down and
nipped her lightly, before using my tongue to assuage any pain I might have
caused.  Lyn gasped, and clutched my head tightly to her bosom.
	
	I licked and sucked first at one of her mounds, then the other before I too
returned to kissing her. Time seemed to slide by effortlessly as we took turns
pleasuring each other.  One time or another both of us had mild orgasms, and I
was getting close to a second when car lights swept over us, and we both started,
then giggled.
	
	We were quite a pair, right then.  Our blouses were unbuttoned to the waist,
and both of us were very aroused.  The cool air on damp nipples served to give
both of us titty hard-ons, and I felt Lyn touch me yet again. "Dear heart," I
whispered, "if you do that again, we'll be here until morning.  I don't know
about you, but I have to be getting home.  If I'm much later, I could get
grounded."
	
	Lyn sighed.  "Me too."  She leaned down and give one of my breasts another
lick. "Sorry, I'm just so hot!"  She looked shyly at me.  "I've never gotten this
carried away before...with anyone."  She laved my nipple again, eagerly.  "I
really wish we had more time."
	
	Her hand was suddenly pressing down on the front of my jeans. "Me too!"  I
breathed. My fingers prisoned hers, pressing them down firmly.  "Oh Lyn, I want
it too!"
	
	For several minutes she sucked my breast, and fingered me through the thick
material until I finally gave an audible gasp as I came again. "I'm getting too
greedy, aren't I?"  Lyn said.
	
	"Mmmm,"  I agreed, "but I like it!"
	
	Lyn's fingers fumbled with my pants, and popped the snap.  "What would happen
if you were a little late?"  Her fingers were tugging down the zipper.
	
	"Probably everyone's asleep,"  I whispered, "If I'm quiet, likely no one will
notice."   Lyn's fingers moved inside my panties, through my crinkly hairs to
places no one but myself had ever touched, while her tongue paid devotion to one
of my breasts.  Lyn found my clit, and teased it between two fingers in a way
that I'd never dreamed was possible, with an incredible effect.  I soared in my
pleasure at what was happening.  When her finger entered me, I experienced an
electric shock, turning my body rigid with pleasure.  Her finger began to work in
and out rapidly, and I heard myself from a distance gasping and sighing with the
immense sensations I was feeling.
	
	The sounds of my passion seemed to drive Lyn wild, and both of us totally
lost control.  I was furiously bucking my hips against her thrusting fingers;
writhing and twisting with pleasure, Lyn's fingers moved even faster, her tongue
was more demanding than ever before.  My orgasm was a wild tumult that set my
ears ringing, and left my body tingling. "Oh, Wow!" I sighed weakly after a
moment, then I hugged Lyn to me.  "I want to do that for you, too, dearest Lyn."
I told her quietly, my hand exploring under the skirt.
	
	"Kate, Oh Kate," she whispered, "I want you so much!"  I started probing
inside her panties.  Soon I was frigging her for all I was worth.  In a minute my
finger was soaked from the copious fluids that signalled Lyn's orgasm. After a
time Lyn finally stirred herself.  "I think I'm finally understanding why
everyone makes such a big deal about sex."
	
	We had been sitting quietly with our arms around each other, cuddled close.
"Do you think it's bad, that we like doing it with each other, so much?"
	
	"I don't think anything that feels so nice can be bad.  I don't care what
other people say or think."  I whispered after a second.  "I liked what we did; I
liked touching you, and being touched by you.  I want to do it again." A short
pause. "And again."
	
	Lyn laughed lightly, then turned serious. "Look at the time!  We're both
going to get grounded!"   It was well after one am.  "I don't want to get
grounded now.  I want to go out with you again."
	
	I kissed Lyn, and her hands went to my breasts.  "We can go out tomorrow
night." I whispered, "I want it too.  But we'll have to wait."
	
	"I guess we'd better get going," Lyn murmured. "We'd better."  I agreed.
	
	Lyn started the car and we spent a few minutes getting our clothes straight
while the engine warmed up enough to dispel the fog that had once again appeared
inside the windows.  We traded one more deep kiss before Lyn set the car in
motion.  I held her hand while she drove.  Neither of us talked for the few
minutes it took to get to my house. "Kate, would you like to come over tomorrow
night?"  Lyn asked abruptly.
	
	My heart beat a little faster. "Oh Lyn,"  I found myself nearly crying, I
didn't know why.
	
	"Please. My parents are going out for the evening.  I really want to see you
again. We, we, can just talk if you want."
	
	I answered honestly.  "I don't want to just talk Lyn."
	
	She squeezed my hand tightly. "Say yes, then."
	
	"Yes,"  I said simply.
	
	"Oh dear Kate!  I'm so happy!"  She leaned close and give me a little kiss, I
could feel the tip of her tongue.  Her hand on mine moved slightly and found one
of my still erect nipples through my blouse.  She rolled it between her thumb and
forefinger, nearly making me come again.  "I'll call you tomorrow!" She said as I
got out, and walked as steadily as I could towards the door.  As I fumbled with
the key, Lyn waved, then drove away as I went inside.
	
	As she left I realized she was still wearing my dress and I her jeans. No one
was up, so I quickly turned off the lights and climbed the stairs to my bedroom.
I undressed, dispensing with the tight jeans and my very damp panties, opting for
a t-shirt and nothing else and climbed under the covers.  I lay there daydreaming
about what had happened, still too excited to fall asleep.  WIthout conscious
volition I found my fingers were caressing my nipples as Lyn had; they were still
erect.  One hand departed from the scenario and went between my legs; I was still
moist there, something that had never happened on a date with a boy and when I
came it was my best orgasm ever; I was asleep almost instantly.  It was a night
filled with the most pleasant of dreams that ever I could remember not
remembering in the morning.


	Chapter 3 -- Tomorrow
	
	I went inside, my mother was sitting crocheting on the sofa.  "Have a nice
time, dear?"  I nodded, too aware of the fact that I hadn't gotten my bra back
on.  She didn't look up, and I went straight upstairs and closed my door with a
sigh.  I stripped out of my clothes and tossed them in the dirty clothes basket.
Even my panties; they were still soaked.  I went into the bathroom and washed my
face and sundry personal places, staring blankly at myself in the mirror, moving
by rote.
	
	I didn't look any different, I thought, than I had this morning,  no big
scarlet L blazoned on my forehead.  I couldn't believe that an hour ago I'd been
lying in Lyn's arms, kissed and being kissed.  My fingers stroked one of my
nipples.  It had felt so good with Lyn, so very, very good.  I remembered her
tongue on my clit, her hands running over my bottom, and I shivered in pleasure.
	
	Why Lyn?  Why me?  She'd started calling me Katie, tonight.  When my parents
had called me that when I was younger I'd hated it and made them stop.  Now the
tingle grew between my legs and I felt wonderful and alive and Katie sounded so
good.
	
	I laid down on my bed, rubbing my clit, spreading the moisture that was still
coming down my legs on it, and rubbing harder and faster.  I came gaspingly, but
continued to rub, slower now, just savoring the wonderful feeling, hovering just
on the edge of another orgasm.  This morning I'd been a virgin.  Tonight I was a
woman, with a woman's wants and needs.  I'd been made love to, and only
circumstances had stopped me from repeating the favor back to Lyn.  I ached with
wanting her, wishing we could be together again, so that we could make each other
feel what I was feeling right then.  I hoped Lyn was feeling as good as I did,
right then.  I visioned her sitting on my face, and I brought my fingers close to
my nose, smelling myself.
	
	Was this what Lyn would be like?  I lightly licked my finger, thinking I was
too strange, but it was exciting.  Earlier I'd tasted myself when I'd kissed Lyn.
 This was a little different, but so exciting!  My finger went back to rubbing my
clit, my other hand working on my breasts and nipples.  Oh, Lyn!  I thought as my
last orgasm of the night blazed in my body, I want you so much!
	
	When I awoke Sunday morning I laid in bed, still thinking and wondering about
myself, about Lyn.  I was careful not to touch myself, or even think much about
what we'd done last night.  I showered quickly, putting on a t-shirt and jeans,
before going out into the light of day.  The day was filled with prosaic
normalcy; chores around the house.  Working on homework, and around noon, I
picked up the phone and called Lyn.
	
	"Don't have much time,"  She said.  "How are you?"
	
	"A little sore,"  I told her, "wonderful."  She laughed.
	
	"We're going out shortly, we won't be back until tonight.  Katie, what lunch
period do you have?"
	
	"First."
	
	"Drat, I have second.  No wonder I don't see you at school."  That and she
was a sophomore and I was a freshman.  It was odd how much segregation took place
by class at school.  I'd not thought about it before, but it was true.  Except
the boys, of course, wanting to date younger girls.  "How about after?"
	
	After?  "I walk home.  I usually study until six or so when my parents come
home."
	
	"Want a ride?"  I could see her face in my mind, see the merry twinkle in her
eye.
	
	"That would be nice.  It's about a mile; a nuisance."
	
	"Maybe we'd have a little time and you could show me your room?"
	
	I laughed.  "Sure.  Nothing much there except a closet and a dresser.  And a
bed, of course."
	
	"Sounds good to me.  Look, I have to go.  My locker is next to the computer
lab.  Meet me there, okay?"  I agreed and hung up.  Tomorrow.  Tomorrow, Lyn and
I would be together again.  I almost floated away, but a reminder that it was my
turn to vacuum the living room brought me back down fast enough.
	
	That night I resisted the impulse to seek personal gratification and limited
myself to daydreaming about coming home with Lyn the next day.  I fell asleep
without trouble and slept solidly, I dreamed but couldn't remember in the morning
even so much as whether they had been good or bad.
	
	Clothes were the first decision of most days; today more so than most.  There
was just no way I could dress as sexy as I wanted to look for Lyn.  Mom wouldn't
let me out the door, and the school would send me home long before the last bell.
 I pursed my lips.  What to do?
	
	Nothing.  There wasn't much I could do.  So, fall back on the second line.
Lyn and I were going to come back here after school and make love.  I was going
to make love to her, anyway, but I knew she and I would both be undressed before
we finished.  So, if not sexy clothes, then sexy underwear.  Except; I'd never
had any reason to acquire any.  Besides, what did Lyn think was sexy?
	
	I'd settle for wearing my one black bra, a light one I'd worn the one time
I'd worn a evening dress;  rented for a reception my parents and I had been
invited to for the marriage of a cousin.  But the only black pair of panties I
owned were old and ratty and not much good.  I looked through my drawer, digging
down to the bottom.  There I found something I'd forgotten I'd had.  One of the
very first bras mom had bought me, before I put my foot down and insisted on
doing my own buying.
	
	Still, it was just what I wanted.  I didn't have anything to support or push
up, so this would work just fine.  Thin nylon cups, dainty lace around the edges.
 No spandex, no elastic.  I put it on; in spite of a year of growth, it still
fit.  I dug down and found the matching pair of panties, and pulled them on. They
didn't fit.  I giggled, looking at myself in the mirror.  They might not fit, but
from the attention Lyn had paid to my bottom the other night, she wasn't going to
complain about what was sticking out.
	
	For a dress I found a brown one, floor length.  A few years before we had
been on vacation and mom and dad had took me to Berkeley, where they had gone to
college.  The campus looked no different than the campus where dad taught, I
didn't see anything special about it.
	
	I can't remember the name of the main street leading to it, but we'd walked
along it, my parents reminiscing about the 'good old days.'  I thought that a lot
of weird people lived along the street; a lot of the stores were little more than
head shops.  We'd gone into a store, and I'd seen a beautiful dress, one with
some exotic print patterns on a crinkly fabric that I'd never seen before.  It
was love at first sight and mom had got it for me, a strange look on her face.
Evidently she'd liked some thing very much like it, long ago.
	
	I normally braided my hair, today I just brushed it a few times, and left it
down.  I felt horribly conspicuous, but no one said a thing or appeared to
notice.
	
	Donnie sought me out at lunch, trying to apologize for the weekend.  I shook
my head; he'd made a scene, and I turned my back on him and walked away.   I
think I'd have done the same thing, Lyn or not.  Before when I'd broken up with
someone, I'd felt bad about it for a few days.  Again, I don't think it had
anything to do with Lyn; this time I wasn't sorry at all.  He'd been a jerk,
wrapped up in his own world.  I could do better; and had.
	
	The last bell rang and I picked up my books in English, feeling more nervous
than even Saturday when I was walking towards Lyn at the mall.  I found her at
her locker and she smiled, shyly.  Lyn was wearing jeans and a print blouse; no
different than half the other girls in school.
	
	She grinned.  "You keep wearing dresses."  She shook her head.  "I don't even
own one!"  I was startled, I thought all girls owned dresses.
	
	She saw my expression and laughed.  "We're different, you and I.  It's nice.
Which reminds me, too.  I need to give you that skirt back; I have it in my car.
If my mom ever saw it, she'd know something was up."
	
	I blushed and Lyn giggled.  "Come on, I'll give you a ride."  We walked down
the hall, a trickle of kids still left.
	
	We got in her car; it was hot and we had to roll the windows down.  "Home?"
She asked.
	
	I was nonplussed; wasn't that what we'd planned?
	
	Lyn giggled.  "You need to loosen up Katie; relax.  Life is good."  The way
she said last three words reminded me of a commercial playing lately; I didn't
think it was coincidence.  She started the car, and carefully backed out of the
parking space, and started towards the exit.  "No mist on the windows tonight." I
blushed again, and again, Lyn laughed.
	
	"Katie."  She said, as we stopped at a stop sign and she looked at me.
"You're not having regrets are you?"  I shook my head.  "Why are you so
embarrassed, so uptight?"
	
	I waved at school.  "Them.  Me.  I don't know."  I reached for Lyn's hand. "I
still feel like I did the other night about you.  That hasn't changed."  We
started up again, and we rode in silence.
	
	"I've been thinking about you, practically non-stop."  Lyn told me.  "I'm
scared that you will think this is stupid or crazy and pull back."
	
	"Lyn, this is stupid and crazy.  But pulling back isn't what I want to do
right now."
	
	"Come sit next to me."
	
	I looked at her and looked around us, at the other cars and the other people
on the road.  I took a deep breath and inched a little closer.  We stopped at a
light and she touched my knee.  "I wasn't sure you would."
	
	"I wasn't sure either, Lyn."  I said quietly.  "I want to take you up to my
room, take off your clothes and kiss you and love you like you did for me the
other night.  I know I want that.  I just don't know about letting other people
know how I feel about you."
	
	"Last night my mom told me that she thought you were very nice."
	
	"She should have come home a few minutes earlier."  I said without thinking.
	
	"Mom said that I had done a lot worse than you in the past."
	
	I stopped and thought about that.  Then blushed again.  Would I ever learn
not to do that?
	
	"When I was younger, Mom told me that I was pretty grown up for my age.  She
trusted me.  She said that she knew teenagers always ignored adults when it came
to advice on how to live their lives, she'd done it herself.  So, she said, she
wasn't going to do much more than to offer a few pointers.  Don't go out with
people you don't like.  Don't hate yourself the next day.  Remember that she and
my dad love me, and would like to think they didn't raise a stupid moron for a
daughter."
	
	We pulled up in front of my house.  Lyn reached out and touched my hand.
"Look Katie, I'm a little scared too.  I know how bad the other kids are when
you're a little different.  But I don't like to sneak, either.  I don't know how
I could go with you to a movie, or walk in the park and not want to touch you,
hold your hand.  Kiss, maybe."
	
	Lyn sighed.  "But we can't, I know that.  I just don't like it and wish it
was different."
	
	"Me too."  I took a deep breath.  "Come on, I'll show you my room."  She
grinned at me and we walked into the house.
	
	I took Lyn's hand and led her up the stairs and down the hall to my room.
Inside I set my books ad purse down on my desk and turned to her.  I walked the
two steps to her and we smiled at each other, before breaking into giggles.  "We
look so serious."   I murmured.
	
	"You look serious."  Lyn replied.  "I'm just horny."
	
	I leaned close and kissed her and Lyn kissed back.  Our arms went around each
other and we hugged each other, and I pulled her tight against me as my tongue
slid into her mouth.  "I'm horny too,"  I whispered, and I saw her smile, but
mainly we kissed.
	
	Our tongues lunged and caressed, she ran hers over my teeth, new and
electric.  I ran my hands down her back, and over her bottom; something I
remembered from the other night that I had really liked.  Her bottom was firm and
round, and even through the jeans it gave me a special tingle, and I pressed
harder against her.
	
	Lyn looked at me with a dreamy look in my eyes.  "If any boy ever kisses me
like this, I'm not going to be able to say no."
	
	Without thinking I said what was on my mind.  "No boy could," and I ran my
hand over her breasts, down to the front of her jeans.  "No one could want you
more than I want you."
	
	"Oh, Katie,"  Lyn sighed, "kiss me some more.  Touch me, touch me!"  I did
both, one hand running over her breasts, trying to tease her nipples through the
fabric of her blouse and bra, the other undoing the snap of her jeans, and diving
under her panties, stroking the hairs between her legs.
	
	"I want to kiss you,"  I told her, my fingers working the zipper of her
jeans, then sliding them and her panties down.  "I want to kiss you here so very
much."
	
	My finger found her clit, and stroked it, and my whole body was aching with
wanting her.  Lyn in turn was working my dress up around my hips, then over my
head.  "Dearest Kate,  we can do it together."  She whispered.  I undid the
buttons of her blouse, as she disposed with my panties. She drew me down on my
bed, both of us now nude.  We kissed for a minute, and I wanted to rub myself
against her, but she was firm, pushing me around. Belatedly I understood her goal
and moved myself, eagerly, so that my lips were between her legs, and hers mine. 
Lyn began to kiss and lick my inner thighs; sending delicious thrills and chills
through my body.  I was intent on doing for her, what she had done for me on
Saturday.
	
	My tongue found her clit, very different from mine, elongated, red and stiff,
sticking way out.  Mine was small and pink, round and hard.  Lyn gasped as I took
hers into my mouth, running my tongue around it.  For several seconds all I could
hear was the sound of my tongue and her small gasps of pleasure and arousal. Then
she started her tongue licking inside me, probing as deep as it could reach.
	
	I nibbled slightly on her clit, and she ran her hands over my bottom,
sticking high in the air, and I shivered with pleasure.  In turn I did the same
to her, constrained because she was laying on her back.  I used my tongue to lick
between her legs, running it over her inner thighs, caressing my love.  Lyn let
out a groan, and I dipped my tongue for the first time inside her, tasting the
odd, strange musk of her sex.  Lyn gasped, and her tongue stopped moving against
me; but I didn't mind.  Instead I began to see how deep I could plunge myself
into her, how many of her driblets of fluid I could hunt down and lick clean.
	
	It wasn't anything you could ever do properly; two such different goals.  Lyn
let out a small shriek, then another, a deeper, guttural sound of the utmost
pleasure one person could give to another.  Her tongue roused into life for a
second or two, and I felt a deep thrill, then Lyn sagged back limply.  "Darling
Katie."  Her voice stopped, and I felt her hands press on me.  "I want to kiss
you."
	
	I moved back to where we had started, and she hugged me, and our lips met
again.  What was it like for her, tasting herself, as I had tasted myself the
other night?  It must have been good, because her tongue and mine dueled for a
long time.  "Mmm."  she murmured, looking up at me.  "You are divine.  So
wonderfully beautiful."  Her hands stroked down my body, touching my breasts.
	
	I ran mine over hers, startled as her nipples grew stiff, and much larger.
"Oh yes, dear Katie, kiss me, kiss me!"  I leaned down and did as bid, and for
some time did nothing else.  Lyn let out another soft cry, and I saw she was
crying.
	
	"Sweetheart?"  I asked, still not sure how I wanted to talk to her.
	
	"Oh Katie, this is so wonderful.  I wish we could spend a week in bed
together.  I hate to stop."
	
	I saw her eyes were on the wall clock, I turned around and was shocked; we'd
been making love for almost an hour and a half!  It seemed only like seconds!
"Mom!"  I stuttered, "she'll be home any time!"
	
	Lyn pressed her hands on my bottom, pushing me down like I'd enjoyed the
other night.  For a minute I felt my wetness mix with hers; I came, abruptly and
felt like I couldn't move at all.
	
	"Dearest Katie,"  Lyn whispered. "I love you."
	
	"I love you."  I stood up, my knees wobbly.  "But, Mom..."  My fears were
overcoming my desire.  Lyn nodded, and stood too.  We watched each other dress,
silly grins on our faces, and when we were done Lyn pulled me to her and kissed
me , but stopped after a second.
	
	"We should wash our faces."  She giggled.  "I smell like you, and you smell
like me.  Someone's bound to notice."  We did so and ten minutes later when my
mother came home, we were sitting quietly in the kitchen, books open.
	
	"You must be Lyn,"   Mom said.  "Kate is really bad with introductions."
	
	"Hi!"  Lyn said, "We're working on our geometry.  Kate and I have the same
teacher, and he's so hard..."
	
	Mom laughed.  "So I've heard from Kate, since the second day of the year."
	
	I reached deep inside myself, looked my mother in the eye, trying not to show
anything of what I felt.  "Mom, we have a big test in geometry Monday.  Could Lyn
come stay for part of the weekend?  So we can study together?"
	
	"Your dad and I were going fishing,"  she said.  "You know that."  She
stopped, then laughed.  "What am I talking about?  We were going to leave you
home on your own!  Sure, Lyn can come over; stay as long as you like, Lyn."  She
grinned.  "It's good to see you making friends, Kate."  She started to turn away,
"I've got to get out of these clothes and get a start on dinner.  Nice meeting
you, Lyn."
	
	When she was gone I said in a low voice.  "Sorry, I just assumed.  Can you
come over, this weekend?"  I smiled, "They're leaving Friday evening, won't be
back until Sunday afternoon."
	
	Lyn's eye gleamed.  "I have to ask.  Mom will say yes.  Dad doesn't give a
rip.  I have to have it quiet when I study; he says it messes up his football
games."  Lyn reached out and touched my arm.  "After school, Friday?"
	
	My eyes lit up.  "Oh, yes!"
	
	"Two days together,"  Lyn added.  "We can practice all sorts of things!"
	
	I looked at her without expression, "Again and again and again."  We
dissolved into giggles, looking forward to the weekend.


Chapter 4 -- Towards the Weekend
	
	That night I lay in bed, wrapped in the darkness, remembering my time with
Lyn, savoring the feelings we'd shared.  I could not help rubbing myself, one
hand lightly stroking my breasts, the other between my legs.  It wasn't much of a
battle; as much as I enjoyed touching my breasts, between my legs made me shiver
and nearly come.
	
	Two, three times, I tip-toed almost to the edge of orgasm, each time holding
back the last little bit.   I concentrated on my clit, rubbing it hard and fast,
gasping with pleasure.  I was so deliciously close to coming, but each time I got
close, I'd slow down; it was just so good, I wanted to enjoy it over and over.
	
	I heard a small noise and looked up; instant horror!  Mom was standing in the
door to my room, watching!  I was so close to coming right then!  I felt angry at
being interrupted, scared at being caught.   She walked over and sat down on the
bed next to me.  "Kate,"  she said and stopped, looking down at me.
	
	"I'm sorry,"  I stammered.
	
	She shook her head.  "Don't be silly, Kate."  She said softly, "we all do
it."
	
	I was so surprised, I couldn't think of anything to say.  "The other night
when you came back from the mall,"  she continued, "I could hear you too.  And
today you were with your friend again.  Kate, are you and she?"  Her voice
trailed away.
	
	Startled,  I gasped, "Mom!"  not daring to answer.
	
	"That's why you want her to sleep over, isn't it?"
	
	I wanted to die, crawl under the bed.  Hide.  She leaned down and kissed me
on the forehead.  "I don't think we should tell your father, but I understand,
Kate."
	
	I couldn't believe it!  She sighed.  "When I was even younger than you, I had
a friend too.  Sometimes we kissed each other, once we touched each other's
breasts.  It was nice.  Except in those days, well, it just wasn't something we
could do.  And then I discovered boys."  She shook her head, looking wistful.
	
	"You're really not angry?"  I asked, too stunned to really believe it.
	
	She shook her head.  "A little jealous, maybe."  She said softly.  "I
wish..."  She stopped and looked down at me.  "It was so long ago."
	
	In my mind I pictured her kissing someone who looked a lot like Lyn, and I
felt all tingly again.  Mom's eyes rested on my breasts and I realized my nipples
were hard.  "You're thinking about her, aren't you?"  her voice was almost a
whisper.  I nodded.
	
	She kept staring at me.  "I always dreamed about what it would be like.  For
so long I've wished..."  She shook her head like someone who's run into
unexpected cobwebs, then took a deep breath.  "I should go.  Leave you in peace."
	
	I reached out and touched her hand.  "Thank you for understanding."  As I did
I felt further embarrassment; it was the hand from between my legs, and my
fingers were damp with my own moisture.
	
	A smile quirked the corners of her mouth.  "You looked so happy, just now. 
You and your friend share something that some of us only dream about.  Something
special."
	
	Mom stood up to go and I let her hand go.  "Sleep good, Kate."
	
	I half sighed, half laughed to myself as she turned and left.  "Not for a
while,"  I told myself.  My finger went back between my legs, stroking my clit, I
was very wet.  I rubbed my nipples with my other hand, and in a second was
floating on a cloud of bliss, then I came.
	
	When I woke up the next morning I felt more rested than I could remember
having felt in years.  I looked at the clock; it was a little after six!  I'd
never gotten up this early before!   I did though, took a shower, dressed in
black levis and a cord shirt and was sitting eating breakfast when Mom came in. 
"Good morning, dear."  She said, and leaned down and kissed me on the forehead. 
I smiled at her, still unsure about last night.  "Sleep good?"
	
	"Better than ever before."  I told her.
	
	"Me too."  Mom actually giggled, before bustling around the kitchen making
breakfast for herself and dad, and getting her own lunch ready to take with her
to work.  I could hear dad coming down stairs and she   smiled at me for a
second, as if sharing some secret, then went and poured a cup of coffee for my
father, who showed up in a rush, as usual.
	
	At school I looked forward so much to meeting Lyn after school, there was so
much I wanted to talk about.  Daydreaming about her got me through most of the
morning, up until PE, which I had just before lunch.
	
	PE is not my favorite class; I try hard not to think about it much.  That day
we were told to dress out and once we had all donned shorts and t-shirts we had
to do a bunch of exercises, followed by a few laps around the basketball courts. 
Then for the rest of the period we sat and listened to the PE teacher say, "This
is a basketball.  That's a hoop.  You try to get the ball through the hoop.  This
is called dribbling,"  And so forth.  Ugh.  Like we hadn't been playing since
fourth grade, when none of us could even throw the ball high enough to get it in.
	
	The thought brought a mental grin.  I'd gotten quite expert in the last few
days about putting things through little round holes.  I felt my nipples harden,
and it took all of my self control not to blush.  I snapped back to the class as
the coach told us to shower.
	
	I hadn't thought about it before; even dressing out had been mechanical. 
Open my locker, hang up my blouse and jeans and pull on my t-shirt and shorts. 
Not enough time to pay attention to anyone else.  But the showers?  What was
going to happen when I was alone in a room with fifty other girls, all rubbing
their naked bodies?
	
	Standing in the locker room, I grew very nervous.  How was I going to react? 
If I was a lesbian, were my nipples going to get hard like when I was thinking
about Lyn?  Would I get wet between my legs?  I almost turned around and headed
out, without the shower.
	
	The girl at the next locker pushed past me and I took a deep breath before
glancing quickly at her.  I'd seen Judy undressed a hundred times since we'd
started taking showers in seventh grade.  She was a little heavy and her breasts
were large, with giant nipples.  Looking at her I felt nothing...nothing at all.
	
	By the time I was dressed again and on my way to my next class I was feeling
much more confident.  Sure, some of the girls I thought were pretty, some sexy. 
Most weren't anything like that.  Fat and skinny.  Short and tall.  None of them
meant what Lyn meant to me.
	
	At lunch Lyn came running up to where I was waiting in line to buy a
sandwich.  "Just got a second, Katie."  She grinned at me.  "Mom told me I have
to go grocery shopping this afternoon, after school.  Price of the car keys."  I
nodded, trying not to feel too disappointed.  "I'll call you, okay?"  And was off
at a run.
	
	I ground my teeth.  I'd been frustrated last night, and had looked forward to
today with eager anticipation.  I thought I was coming to grips with everything
and I'd really wanted to talk to Lyn about it.  I just couldn't do it on the
phone.  I wanted to talk to her, face to face.  Privately, maybe hugging her and
kissing her while we talked.  Tomorrow, I guessed.  I would have to settle for
tomorrow.
	
	By the time I got home, I was sort of glad Lyn wasn't coming over.  It seemed
like all my afternoon teachers knew she wasn't coming over and so had piled on
homework.  Geometry, Biology, English.   I sat down at my desk in my room and
plowed through it, getting up finally in time to come down for dinner.
	
	Afterwards, I read and when Lyn called, we talked in general terms about
school, particularly the geometry class, where we had the same teacher, just
different periods.  And about the weekend; both of us were excited about spending
so much time together, it was hard to think about it.
	
	I only touched myself lightly, once I was in bed, before falling asleep.  I
was, I thought, very horny, and wanted to be ready for Lyn.  Save it up, I
thought.
	
	Wednesday morning I decided to wear a denim skirt, with a zipper up the
front, and a denim blouse, with snaps.  After school I met Lyn at her locker, and
we talked for a few minutes, before walking out to the parking lot to her car. 
It took all my will power not to hold her hand, but a couple of times I brushed
her fingers with mine, and she did the same back.
	
	In the parking lot we were almost at her car when we both could hear a girl's
voice say quietly, "Please, no! Stop!  Please, stop!"  And a second later,
"Don't!  Please don't!  I want to go!  Let me go, please!"  The voice was urgent,
but very soft.
	
	We traded glances, surprised.  Lyn walked over to a car with no one visible
in the seats and opened the door.  "I think she means for you to stop."
	
	A senior was laying on top of a girl I knew from my English class, literally
tearing at her clothes.  "Fuck off!  Mind your own business and close the fucking
door!"
	
	"If she's too polite to scream, I'm not."  Lyn said.  "Let her go."   He
glared at Lyn, but it was an awkward position to be in for him.  I saw Lyn start
to draw a breath, and I'm sure he saw it too.
	
	"Fucking cunt!  Who needs you!"  He said, and roughly dragged the girl up,
pushing her out of the car, to sprawl on the ground.  "Go play with yourself! 
Next time, don't tease!"  He started the engine and pulled out abruptly, nearly
hitting us, then roared out of the parking lot, fishtailing and screeching tires.
 I saw old Mr. Ferguson simply stare at the car for a second, then write down the
license number.
	
	A second later he was standing next to us, looking at the girl, Rachael
Sanchez, her name was, as Lyn and I helped her to stand up.  Her blouse was
ripped, both her breasts visible, her bra hanging loosely.  "Are you okay, Miss
Sanchez?"  Of all of the teachers at school, everyone adored Mr. Ferguson.  He
was kind and sweet and spent all kinds of time helping people pass his physics
class.  If you had to take physics it meant you were going to a big league
college, studying science.  It was important, but it was hard for most kids.  I
wasn't looking forward to it, but I looked forward to having him for a teacher.
	
	"I'm okay."  Rachael said, more or less getting her clothes so that they
covered her.
	
	"Mister Dresser has been skating on thin ice for some time.  If you wish to
file a complaint, I can assure you he will arrested.  None too soon."
	
	"I just fell."  She said in her soft voice, without looking at him or us.
	
	"As you say.  You have, oh a day or so, to complain.  After that, well, the
school and the authorities start to wonder why you waited."  He looked at Lyn and
I.  "Miss Swain, I believe it is?"  Lyn nodded, and he looked at me.  "Miss
Hanson.  You have a car, I believe, Miss Swain?  I'd appreciate it if you could
help Miss Sanchez home, she rides the bus normally."  Mr. Ferguson was legendary;
he knew everyone's names, even the freshman.  And everything about you.
	
	Lyn said we'd be glad to give her a ride, Rachael merely nodded mutely.  We
got into Lyn's car, I let Rachael ride shotgun.  "Where to, Rachael?"  I asked,
trying to be friendly.  I could see she was on the verge of tears.
	
	"I don't know what I'm going to do."  She said, then the tears did come.  "My
dad's home now, he works nights.  And if he sees me, he's going to go crazy. 
He's wild about keeping me 'safe,'"
	
	Lyn laughed.  "Mine's like that too.  Look, we were going over to Kate's, I
was returning a skirt she loaned me the other day, and we were going to study." 
I felt a pang.  Studying hadn't been on the agenda.  Another day lost...  "But
Kate wouldn't mind loaning you a blouse, will you Kate?"
	
	"No problem."  I said.
	
	"I don't like to ask favors..."
	
	"This isn't much of one,"  I said,  "Since I met Lyn, I'm getting good at
loaning clothes."  Lyn giggled and even Rachael looked less serious.  We drove in
silence to my house, all of us locked in our own private thoughts.  I led the
other two up to my room, and pulled a plain white blouse out of my closet to
match the one Rachael had been wearing.
	
	"I'll give it back tomorrow,  I promise."  She said, almost in tears again. 
"Thank you."
	
	"You're a sister."  Lyn said abruptly.  "If we don't help each other, who
else will?"
	
	"Thank you.  Thank both of you."  She shook her head, and the repairs to her
blouse came undone.  I thought the soft round breasts under her lacey bra were
pretty.  "He offered me a ride home, I'd been late; I'd missed an assignment and
had to get it from the teacher after school.  Only the teacher wasn't
there....and William offered me a ride home.
	
	"When we got in the car, I thanked him, and he said if I really wanted to
thank him, I'd let him kiss me."  She looked at us sadly.  "I was flattered. 
He's a senior, really popular.  I didn't think it would hurt.  But he didn't want
to stop...and he wanted other things, too."
	
	"It's not your fault,"  I said firmly, Lyn echoing my words.  "Some guys are
just like that."  I gestured to my bathroom. "Why don't you go and change
blouses."
	
	She nodded, and went silently into the bathroom and swung the door closed.  I
sat down on the bed next to Lyn.  "I've missed you so much,"  I whispered.  Lyn
put her arm around my back, moving her hand up and down over my blouse.
	
	"Me too."  And Lyn kissed me, and I kissed her back.   We grinned at each
other.  "Like trains passing in the night."  Lyn added, "so many sidetracks."
	
	"Yeah."  Somehow Lyn managed to pop my bra hook through the denim material of
my blouse.
	
	I looked at her and she grinned.  "I want you so much,"  she whispered.  We
kissed again, and I put my hand on her breast, and tried to push her bra out of
the way so I could touch her nipple, but met with only limited success.  Lyn
moaned, and pushed her tongue into my mouth, and I duelled with it.
	
	A startled "Oh!" interrupted us.  I blushed beet red, as I saw Rachael
standing in the door to the bathroom, nude to the waist, holding her bra in her
hand.
	
	Lyn broke out in a giggle, as she moved her hand out of my blouse.  "We're
never going to be able to hide,"  She said looking at me.
	
	I nodded.  "Would you believe that door used to squeak horribly, drove me
nuts.  I spent two hours a year ago oiling the hinges, working with a little file
to stop it."  Anything to keep myself from wondering what Rachael must be
thinking.
	
	"You do good work,"  Lyn said dryly, and laughed again.
	
	"I...I.."  Rachael stammered, "the hook's broken.  I wanted to borrow a
safety pin."  She waved the damaged bra.  It was pretty, and I half wished I
could see her wearing it.
	
	I got up off the bed went to my desk and rummaged through the center drawer
and walked over to her and handed one to her.  My heart was hammering, trying to
ignore her bare breasts.  They were very different from mine and Lyn's.  We were
both small, my breasts hardly more than bumps, Lyn's were fat cones, mainly
nipple.  Rachael was small too, but her breasts were pert apples, sitting high on
her chest, with small, very dark nipples.
	
	Why was it I wasn't affected like this in the shower with a hundred bare
titties around me?  Was it hormones?  As soon as I get excited, I want anything
in sight?  With a mental snort, I wondered if I should have been a boy; that's
what they seemed to be like, except they didn't need a jump start.  "Here,"  I
said, handing her the small piece of metal.  She fumbled with it, and for a brief
second our fingers touched.
	
	Our eyes met for a second and Rachael's eyes widened just a bit.  "I'm sorry
about..."
	
	I shook my head.  "We were the ones getting carried away."
	
	Rachael smiled a bit more.  "I came home once and saw my older sister with
her boyfriend, kissing like that.  I was told to go to my own room and mind my
own business."  She giggled, "I did, but it didn't stop me from wanting to peek."
	
	"Did you?"  Lyn asked as I sat down next to her, "peek?"  Lyn took my hand
and clasped it.
	
	Rachael shook her head.  "I have two older sisters, one who just joined the
army.  Three younger brothers.  If you spy on someone, they'd spy back.  The only
way to have any privacy is to mind your own business.  And keep your mouth shut
about anything you see accidently."
	
	"You're not going to tell anyone about us?"  Lyn pressed.
	
	"Are you going to tell anyone about William?"  She shot back, and we shook
our heads.  "It would be mean of me.  And I'm not mean.  And besides, if I talked
about every couple who made out at school, I'd be hoarse for a week."
	
	All of us laughed, and Rachael went back into the bathroom, shutting the door
tightly this time.  I looked at Lyn out of the corner of my eye.  "I'm not much
of a sneak, am I?"
	
	"No better than me, Katie."  She squeezed my fingers.  "We need to think more
carefully about how we behave in front of other people."
	
	"My mom knows about us."  I said quietly.  "I'm not sure how, but she knows. 
She's not angry or anything, though.  It's okay with her."
	
	"Mine too.  But one of these times we're going to get caught by someone who
does care.  Or who will talk."
	
	We sat holding hands tightly, lost in our own thoughts, until Rachael made a
big production of opening the door.  "Thanks,"  she said, and started to say
something else when the phone on my desk rang.
	
	I jumped up and picked it up; the voice on the other end said,  "This is
Jenny Swain, is that you Kate?  Is Marilyn there, maybe?"  I kept saying yes, and
handed the phone to Lyn, who had a big question mark on her face.
	
	She spoke a few words, and ended, "Sure, no problem,"  and hung up.  She
turned to us, "Mom's car broke down downtown.  She's called a tow truck, but
wants me to come and pick her up."  She gestured at Rachael, "Are you ready?  I
can drop you off."
	
	"That's okay.  I don't live far from here, I can walk.  It'll only take a few
minutes.  Who wants to be stuck downtown?"  Downtown wasn't the nicest place to
be, that was for sure.
	
	Lyn nodded, and we all trooped down to see her off.  Rachael thanked her one
more time, and then was off.  "I should go too,"  Rachael said.
	
	"I have a pile of homework,"  I added.  Yet I could hear the 'but' word in
what both of us said.  "Would you like a drink or something, before you go?"  It
was a warm afternoon, after all.
	
	She nodded, and I led the way back inside, and when I gave her the beverage
list, she said water would be fine.  I poured her a glass of the bottled stuff we
kept in the fridge, and we sat down at the living room table.
	
	After a moment of silence Rachael looked at her glass.  "Lyn said earlier we
were sisters."  I nodded, "girls and sisters."  She looked at me.  "It was
different today, with you and Lyn.  I don't know how to describe it.  I don't
have many friends.  More like, none, actually.  We moved here from Texas a year
ago.  We move a lot."
	
	"We did when I was little, but after second grade, my father said he was sick
of it, and they only way they'd pry him from this house was with dynamite."  I
told her.
	
	She nodded, "Talking to you and Lyn, it was like you were my sisters.  In my
family, no one is supposed to see you undressed, unless you're ready to go
outside; it's hard to do with eight people in your family, except for my
sisters..."
	
	She was silent again for a minute.  "I didn't mind you and Lyn seeing me like
that...even when I saw the way you were looking at me."
	
	"Lately I've come to think I have a one track mind."  I said, trying to sound
lighter than I felt.
	
	"Could we be friends?"  Rachael said suddenly.  "Not like you and Lyn, but
friends?"
	
	I nodded, unsure again what was happening to me.  I wanted to be her friend,
not only was she pretty, but she was just plain nice. "I want to be friends with
Lyn, too."   Rachael added then said so plaintively, "I've been so lonely here." 
She bit her lip.  "I was flattered when William offered me a ride, I really
wanted to make friends. even when he wanted to kiss me.  He wanted to go too
fast."
	
	"He was a jerk.  Worse than a jerk."  I said heatedly.  "Nothing like that
has ever happened to me,  I don't know what I'd do."  I wasn't making much sense,
I knew.  "Fight."  I said.  Then added, more softly.  "I'm glad we were there to
help."
	
	Rachael bobbed her head.  "Me too."  We smiled at each other.  "I really
should go now.  Thank you, Kate."
	
	"You keep thanking me.  I didn't do anything for you I wouldn't want you to
do for me.  I do want to be your friend."  I touched her hand.  "Very much." 
Rachael smiled shyly, and turned; I watched her walk away.
	
	Life, was, I thought, getting very confusing.  

