                            Q is Life


     The instantaneous FLASH of light seemed to bounce for a moment
longer than usual about the airy, bright walls of the bedroom suit.
The white lace curtains covering the archway out onto the balcony
billowed softly against the breeze from outside, or from her sudden
arrival, Bonnie wasn't quite sure which and didn't much care. If
she was here, Q would soon follow. Her eyes searched for him but
all she saw was the lavishly furnished room, in strangely exotic
materials of pale grey, pale pink, and iridescent white. If she had
to sum up her first impression with one word, Bonnie thought, that
word would be 'awesome'.

     Strong, sensual sunlight streamed into the room and onto her
face from the balcony, bringing with it the delightful scent of
wild flowers, moist brown earth, and everything green. The room
sparkled in the morning sun and even the furniture appeared
dazzling, fresh and new. Lighter-than-air fabrics covered the
ceiling and walls, making their way towards the rooms centerpiece,
the bed. Layer upon luscious layer of fabric was gathered above it
and then left to drape magnificently down and around it's four
ceiling-high posts. Bonnie couldn't resist moving to gently pull
loose the top sheet and let it slide between her hands. It was
weightless, yet possessed a silky texture that would put any worthy
worm on Earth to shame.

     The curtains over the balcony archway billowed again and
Bonnie felt the hair on the back of her neck tingle in expectation.
She spun round. Q stood motionless among the many folds of lace.
Sunlight streamed in through the curtains around him, leaving his
face and features caught in the shadow of the brightness behind.
Bonnie couldn't see it but she knew he was smiling. 

     "Now I ask you, could anything in this universe ever look as
lovely?" Q said, not moving from the archway.

     Bonnie smiled. "It IS a beautiful room." 

     "I wasn't talking about the room, ma cher."

     "OHhhhh, you do know how to sweet talk a girl, Q." Bonnie
couldn't help but giggle as she sauntered across the room into his
outstretched arms. 

     Q pulled her close into his embrace, so that now Bonnie could
see clearly the smile on his lips and the gleam in his eyes. 

     "What mischief are you planning now, my love?" She smiled up
at him.

     "Moi?"

     "Oui toi." Bonnie laughed, snuggling in closer. "I know that
look and it usually means you're up to something."

     "I only have thoughts of you on that bed." Q answered, the
corner of his mouth twisting upwards into what was a definite leer.

     "Should I be concerned about anything else?" Bonnie asked
distractedly - the image of Q and her on that bed was already
taking control of her thoughts.

     "You should know by now that you must concern yourself with
nothing. My every wish is your command. My love is yours to
treasure or abuse, whichever you see fit. I am but your humble
servant, waiting for my mistress's desire to lead me. Can I make
myself any clearer or should I go on?"

     "I can think of at least a dozen ways I'd like you to go on."
     
     "Sounds like a wish to me!" Q straightened up suddenly, took
her by the hand and kissed her softly on the cheek.

     Bonnie blinked twice just to be sure and again started to
laugh. She and Q were now both lying on the bed, wrapped
haphazardly in the silken sheets, and their clothes were scattered
all over the room, including a few pieces of underwear hanging from
the bed posts. "Nice touch!" Bonnie said, indicating the underwear
with a nod of her head.

     "I find undressing so tiresome at times, so I decided to
dispense with the formalities. I hope you don't object?" Q reached
out a single finger and began to run it ever so slowly down
Bonnie's arm.

     "Do you hear me objecting?" Bonnie was all too aware of the
path of that solitary finger and the burning trail it left on her
skin.

     "Well, since their are no objections..." Q moved over her and
met her open mouth with his own. Their kiss was long and hard and
deep and it made up for all the minutes that had passed since they
had last joined together. 

     Bonnie felt every muscle she owned melt as he gently let his
body down onto hers, filling perfectly every contour of her with
his own. Their passion built quickly and her need for him was, as
usual, overwhelming. Bonnie's mind was a blank except for the
phrase "no objection, no objection" which kept running through
faster and faster with her mounting hunger. She could feel his
hardened cock pushing against her thighs, which she opened
gratefully under him. Her hands held his head firmly in place as
she devoured his tongue and throat. Lustingly she thrust her hips
upwards, begging to capture his cock between her welcoming legs.

     Q's arms held Bonnie's shoulders for an instant longer before
he broke from their kiss. Swiftly and in one motion, he pulled
himself upwards, pulled Bonnie down towards him, and wrapped her
legs behind him. He stared into her eyes, wanting her now, having
to possess her before one more instant of time had passed. Q drank
in her beauty for as long a moment as he dared before lowering his
hands to her body once more. His right hand grasped her breast,
squeezing the nipple between it's fingers. His left hand found the
hot dampness of her cunt lips and parted them to find the treasure
within. Bonnie groaned in ecstasy as both of Q's hands massaged
their chosen hot spots. She could touch none of him with her own
hands positioned as they were and so desperately clutched at the
sheets around her.

     Both of them were rising to a pitch of desire that they knew
would soon break. Q let go of Bonnie's tit and grabbed his cock,
guiding it urgently into her. He pushed himself deep inside,
wanting to fill every living inch of her. Bonnie frantically met
his thrusts with her own, harder and harder, deeper and deeper,
until he exploded within her and she around him, draining,
straining, demanding he yield to her every last drop he had.

     They collapsed together in total ecstasy, he upon her once
again. Neither spoke and neither moved. Once she had collected
herself enough to again formulate rational thought, Bonnie couldn't
help but sigh, "no objection whatsoever."
