Quantum Sleep
author unknown

******
 
"Come on baby, you know you want it up the ass," a man's
voice said.
 
I looked in the mirror on the head of the bed and saw a naked
woman's body.  "Oh no," I thought to myself, I've leaped into a
woman's body.
 
"It will be easier if you spread your legs," the man said again.
 
"Sam," Al said, "are you having fun?"
 
"What am I doing!" I yelled to Al.
 
"You know what you're doing," the man said.  He then leaned
forward and I felt something nearing my anus.  And then it happened.
He started fucking me in the ass.
 
"Oh my God," I yelled out, hearing a distinctly feminine cry.
 
"Yes, that's it," I heard in the background.  "Keep up the moans
and cries."
 
I turned my head and found a set of cameras and several people
staring at me.
 
"Uhhh, Sam," Al said.  "It appears that you've leapt into a porn
actress' body.  "While you're having fun, I'll try to find out what you're
supposed to do."
 
"You'd better hurry up," I yelled out.
 
"Oh, you want me to come in you already?" I heard the man
say.  "Well, if you're so anxious for some come, why don't you turn
around and take it in your mouth."
 
The man pulled his penis out of my ass and flipped me on my
back.  I then looked down my body and could see nicely formed
breasts.  If I had been myself, I would have eagerly grabbed those
breasts.  However, I had other things to deal with.  The man moved
onto my chest and stuck his cock inches in front of my mouth.  He
then leaned a bit forward and I could feel the head of his cock touching
my lips.
 
"Open wide," he said.
 
"Come on, Shannon," a man behind the camera said, "this is
your oral scene.  Just open your mouth, damn it."
 
"I can't," I said.
 
"It's in the script," the same man said.  "After he fucks you up
the ass, you're supposed to give him a blowjob."
 
"What!" I yelled.
 
"Is it too dirty for you?" the man said.  "O.K., fine, we'll re-
write it somehow.  Go ahead and change for your next scene."
 
"Uhhh," I said while lying on the bed naked, trying to find some
sheets to cover myself with.  "Could you tell me what scene that is?"
 
"You've forgotten already?" the man said.  "You know, you've
got to change into your bikini."
 
"Ohh, that's right," I said.  "Uhhh, could you show me which
bikini?"
 
"Geez, do I have to do everything for you?" the man said.
 
"Come on, follow me."
 
I stepped off of the bed, grabbing the sheets as I did and
wrapped them around my body.  I followed the man, who I assumed
was the director, and he led me to my dressing room.  Once in, he
opened up the closet and took out a bikini.
 
"O.K.," he said.  "Put this on and in about a half-hour Sherry
will be ready too.  Then I'll see the both of you by the hottub."
 
Being that I had leapt into a porn actress' body, I kind of had an
idea what was coming up next.  The man left the room and closed the
door.  I looked at myself in the mirror and carefully examined every
curve of my body.  I stroked my hands down the sides of my chest,
gently rubbing my breasts, easing toward my stomach, and then
toward my bush.  I couldn't believe what I was doing.  I was actually
feeling myself up, but it felt too good to stop.  I sat down on the chair
and spread my legs.  I brought my hand toward my cunt and rub the
outer lips.  It felt great.  I felt a warmth within my new anatomy and
soon I felt moisture forming near the lips of my pussy.  I continued
rubbing the outer lips and the moisture soon became a regular flow of
a slick liquid.  My sense of who I was had left me and I began to
actively masturbate myself.  I quickly stuck a finger into my canal and
rubbed the inner walls.  I could feel the liquid all over my fingers.  It
was quite a different sensation because not only was I being the giver,
which I had done many times, but now I was also being the receiver.
Before I got any deeper, I heard a knock on the door.  The door
opened and in walked a beautiful woman wearing a bikini.
 
"Whoops," she said.  "Sorry to intrude in you like this, but I
wanted to check if you were ready for our next scene.  It looks like
you certainly are."
 
I immediately blushed and said, "I guess I didn't hear you knock
on the door."
 
"Would you like to go over our lines?" she asked.
 
"What lines?" I said.
 
"Yea, I know what you mean," she replied.
 
She walked over to me and sat on my legs.  "We can start from
when you sit down on the chaise-lounge," the woman, who I assumed
was named Sherry, said.
 
She rested her entire weight onto my legs as she wrapped her
own legs around my body.  She then took one hand and stuck it
between both of our legs, facing her palm toward my pussy.  Cupping
her hand, she grabbed my entire bush, rubbing it gently as she did.
She then leaned her face toward mine and began kissing me.  I tried to
ignore the fact that I was a woman and tried to enjoy the love-making
as if I were a man.  I tried to imagine that instead of grabbing my
bush, she was stroking my cock.
 
"You sure are wet," she said.  "Are you ready to come yet?"
 
I couldn't say a word.  I was enjoying the sensations too much.
I then felt a tightening in my pussy.  I knew what this meant.  It didn't
feel too unlike an orgasm as a man.  As I felt my pussy walls
contracting, I thought that I had accidentally urinated.  I looked
between my legs and saw that in fact I was ejaculating a creamy
liquid.
 
"Ohhh," Sherry said.  "I didn't know you could shoot."
 
"I guess I didn't know either," I said, as I tilted my head
backward, enjoying the orgasm.  I had almost forgotten who I was
until I heard a man's voice clearing his throat.  I turned around and
saw Al.
 
"I guess you two are busy," Al said.
 
"So, what am I supposed to do?" I asked.
 
"Aren't you going to give me an orgasm?" Sherry asked.
 
"Come on Sam," Al said.  "She's asking you to give her an
orgasm."
 
"I know, I know," I said.
 
"Well, if you know, then give me your hand," Sherry said.
 
I brought my hand to meet Sherry's and she lead it to her crotch.
I extended my fingers toward her hole and inserted them deep inside.
 
"Al, what am I supposed to do?" I demanded.
 
"My name's Sherry.  And what you're doing feels great."
 
"Ohh, sorry Sam," Al said.  "I was enjoying watching the two of
you getting it on.
 
"Well?" I asked of Al.
 
"Ohhh," Sherry said.  "That feels so good."
 
"Well, Sam.  I didn't get too much out of Ziggy," Al continued,
as he continued pushing buttons into the computer," but it appears that
you're supposed to have sex with the director."
 
"What!" I exclaimed.
 
"Ohhh, Shannon," Sherry said.  "I said that feels so good.  Keep
it up.  You're fingers in my cunt feel so good."
 
"Well, Sam.  It appears that you're supposed to get pregnant
with the directors baby."
 
"What!"  I exclaimed again.  "Are you sure that's right."
 
"Yes," Sherry said.  "That is definitely right.  Ohhh, stick them
in deeper."
 
"Just continue what you're doing," Al said, "and I'll try to get
more information out of Ziggy."
 
I watched as Al disappeared and I continued finger fucking
Sherry.  She brought both of her hands towards her breasts and began
rubbing her nipples.
 
"Make me come!" Sherry yelled.  "I want to spray my fluids all
over you.  Make me come on your body.  Stick your fingers in
deeper."
 
I did as she requested and I stuck my fingers in as far as they
could go.  "Bring them up higher," Sherry said.  "Ohhh, yea, that's it.
That's the spot.  Keep going."
 
I continued rubbing her inner walls as she continued rubbing
her nipples.  "Get on the floor," Sherry said.  I did as she asked and I
stepped up off of the chair, removing my fingers from her cunt.  I then
lay down on the floor as she kneeled over my face with her cunt
inches away from my mouth.  She then brought her fingers to her
cunt, stuck them deep inside, and began to furiously masturbate.
 
"Uhhh, I'm going to come!" she yelled.  And she certainly did.
I could see a clear liquid spurting from her cunt.  Each squirt landed
squarely on my mouth and I couldn't help but lick it.
 
"Ohhh, that was so good," Sherry said after she had spent all of
her fluids.  "Do you think we rehearsed enough?" she asked with a
wink.
 
"I guess so," I replied.
 
"I'll meet you by the hottub in a few minutes," Sherry said as
she walked out of the dressing room.
 
I found the bikini that I was supposed to wear and I put it on.  I
walked around the studio until I found a room with a hottub in it.  I
assumed that this was the right place.  I saw Sherry, who was already
in the water, the director, and the camera crew.
 
"Shannon," the director said.  "Are you ready for this scene?"
 
"Yes," I answered.
 
"O.K., girls," the director said.  "Let's start rolling.  Action!"
 
Sherry started the scene, "I love this hot tub.  It's so relaxing."
 
I paused, staring at Sherry and her breasts.  "Come on
Shannon," the director whispered as he pointed to a cue card.
 
I glanced at the card, slowly reading the lines.  "I know what
you mean.  I don't think there's anything better than sitting in a
hottub."
 
"Well, I could think of one thing better."  Sherry then began to
move toward me, slowing extending her hands toward my shoulder.
 
"Come on Sherry," the director began, "you're supposed to kiss
her."
 
I had no objection to this, so I moved toward her and kissed her
squarely on the lips.  She brought her hand toward my chest and
began fondling my breasts.  When I felt how sensitive and erotic her
touch was, I remembered that I had leapt into a woman's body.  But
this did not matter.  I continued thrusting my tongue deep into Sherry's
mouth.
 
"Have you ever made love to a woman?" Sherry asked,
breaking off the kiss.
 
I looked toward the cue card, "Uhhh, no, I haven't."
 
"Don't worry, I'll be gentle with you."
 
I saw Sherry's hand extend past me and she reached toward a
rather large dildo.  She dunked it under the water and I could feel it
touching my thighs.  I watched the camera crew as they readied the
camera to be brought under water.  I then felt the dildo penetrating
into my body.  It went in rather easily, but I was still shocked that I
was being fucked with a dildo.  It felt tremendously good, though.
She gently eased it in and out, bringing me nearer and nearer to
orgasm.
 
"Sam," Al said as his holographic image appeared in the hottub.
 
"What do you want?" I asked Al.
 
"Shannon, what are you saying," the director said.  "That is not
on the cue card.  Come on, just read the card.  Oh, never mind.
Improvise Sherry."
 
"I want to watch you come," Sherry said.
 
"Well, Sam," Al said.  "The reason why you're supposed to
have sex with the director is that you're supposed to have his child."
 
The dildo inside of me felt almost too good to listen to Al.  "Are
you sure?" I said slightly moaning.
 
"Yes, I'm sure I want to watch you come," Sherry responded.
 
"That's what Ziggy says." Al said.  "You just try to get it on
with the director and I'll try to find out more."  I watched as he
disappeared from the hottub and rested my head on the edge, waiting
for my orgasm.
 
I could feel my vagina clinching the dildo as I convulsed into an
explosive orgasm.  I let out moans as I came and I could not believe
how good this orgasm felt.
 
"Cut!" I heard the director yell as I regained consciousness.
 
"That's a wrap.  We'll continue tomorrow.  Sherry, I'd like to talk to
you."
 
"Jim," one of the camera men yelled out, "do you want me to
move the cameras into the bedroom for tomorrow's scene?"
 
"No, you can leave them by the hottub for tonight," the director
replied.
 
Realizing that the director's name was Jim, I started in, "Yes
Jim, what do you want to talk to me about."
 
"Well Sherry, I know this is your first movie, but you've got to
be more willing to do certain scenes."
 
"Like what?" I asked.
 
"For example," Jim said, "you've got to be willing to give
blowjobs."
 
Knowing that I had to have sex with the director, I tried to think
of some lame excuse to get him in bed, even though I really did not
want to.  "Uhhh, it's just that I'm not sure how to make it look good in
front of the camera.  Maybe you could show me."
 
Jim raised his eyebrow and said, "Yes, that's a good idea."
 
We started walking toward my dressing room and I knew that
as soon as I got this over with, I'd be out of this body.  Jim opened the
door and sat down on the chair.
 
"Now, the first thing you've got to remember is that you're
doing this for an audience, so you've got to let the camera see what
you're doing."
 
I watched Jim as he unbuckled his belt and started to ease down
his pants.  I was absolutely repulsed at what I was about to do, but I
knew the sooner I did it the sooner it would be over.  I knelt down in
front of him and brought my mouth toward his crotch.
 
"First, in a good oral scene the woman will lick the cock
thoroughly before sucking it."
 
I did as he wanted and I stuck my tongue out and started to take
little licks of his penis.  The taste was not unlike a woman's cunt, but
the thought of what I was doing was still repulsive.  I continued
licking and then I put my entire mouth over his cock.  I began bobbing
my head up and down as he extended his hands toward my breasts.
 
"Ohhhh Sherry," Jim said, "that feels so good.  You are doing
an excellent job.  The camera will love you."
 
As I continued sucking, I could taste his precum.  I stopped
before going too far and I removed my mouth from his cock.  I sat on
his legs knowing that all I had to do was have him come inside of me
and then I would be out of here.  Grabbing hold of his cock, I
carefully aimed it toward my cunt.  Leaning forward, I pushed it deep
inside.  I then began bucking up and down on his legs.
 
"Sherry," Jim said, "you are so good at this.  You're going to
make a great actress some day."
 
I continued fucking him and then I heard moans coming from
his mouth.  "Oh, Sherry, you're going to make me come."
 
In an effort to liven the conversation, I said, "Yes, Jim, come in
me.  I want to feel your hot come inside of me."
 
I gave a few more bucks and then I felt a warm liquid squirting
deep into my cunt.  I had never felt anything so good.  It was
incredible, and I was just about ready to come.  With each spurt my
orgasm was getting closer.  I then felt my vaginal walls contracting
around the cock inside of me and the sensations were amazing.  I had
completely forgotten who I was as I rested on top of Jim's legs with
his softening cock deep within my cunt.  At that moment I heard Al's
voice in the background.
 
"I hope you enjoyed yourself," Al said.
 
"Ohhh God," I said, "that felt great."
 
"You were wonderful," Jim said.
 
"Well Sam," Al began again, "I hope this guy's name is John,
because that's who you're supposed to have sex with."
 
"What?" I yelled.
 
"I said you were wonderful," Jim said.
 
"Sorry Sam, but this is the wrong guy," Al said.  "The director
you're supposed to have sex with is not the director of this movie."
 
"You're kidding," I said.
 
"No, I'm not," Jim said.  "You were really wonderfully."
 
"Nope," Al said.  "You're going to have to do this all over
again.  Next time, though, I think I'm going to watch."
 
I rolled off of Jim and rested naked on the couch with my legs
slightly spread allowing my vagina to cool and dry off.  I watched as
Jim zipped up his pants and headed toward the door.
 
"You know, Shannon," Jim started, "you're going to make an
excellent actress."  He then walked out the door and I stared at Al.
 
"What?" I exclaimed.
 
"Sam, I can't help but look at your body," Al said.  "If I could
touch you, you don't know what I'd want to do."
 
"Talk to me Al," I said.  "What is it that I have to do?"
 
"O.K. Sam," Al, said.  "Here's the deal.  You have to have sex
with a director named John.  You're going to have his baby and in
about 20 years or so, he's going to save the President's life."
 
"How?" I asked.
 
I watched as Al punched a few keys on the computer.  "Ziggy
says that your son, uhhh, excuse me, Shannon's son is going to be
driving through D.C. and will get into an accident with a man who
would have shot the President."
 
"Are you sure about this?" I asked.
 
"That's what Ziggy says," Al replied.  "Boy, Sam.  I just can't
help to look at those tits."
 
"Shut up, Al," I replied.
 
I watched as Al disappeared.  Shortly afterward, I heard a
knock at the door.
 
"Come in," I yelled.
 
The door opened and in walked a gorgeous woman.  "Hi
Shannon, Jim said that you'd be in here."
 
"Uhhh, hi," I answered.
 
"Do you need a ride home today?" she asked.
 
Being that I had no idea where home was, I gave an affirmative
answer.  I put on some clothes and we walked out of the studio.  As I
got into the woman's car, I noticed a tassel hanging from the rearview
mirror with the name 'Jennifer' dangling off to the side.
 
"I watched your scene with Sherry," the woman said.  "You did
a pretty good job."
 
"Uhhh, thanks, Jennifer," I said.
 
"I wish I was in the movie with you so that we could do a scene
together," she said.
 
"Perhaps we can be in the next movie together," I said.
 
"Yea, John says that he has a movie coming up soon," she said.
 
"You mean John the director?"
 
"Yes."  The car stopped.  "Well, here you are."
 
"Thanks for the ride, Jennifer," I said.
 
"I guess I'll see you tomorrow?"
 
I needed to talk a little longer with Jennifer so that I could get
more information as to where I could find John.  "Would you like to
come in?" I asked.
 
"Sure," Jennifer replied.
 
We entered the house and the first thing I saw on the mantle of
the fireplace was a row of dildos.
 
"Nice dildos," Jennifer said.
 
"Thank you," I answered.
 
"Would you like anything to drink?" I asked.
 
"A beer will be fine," she answered.
 
I found the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door.  I found a
couple of bottles and beer and brought them to the living room, setting
them on a table in front of the fireplace.  We both sat down on the
couch and opened the bottles.  I watched Jennifer as she sensually put
her mouth over the neck of the bottle.  Watching her tongue lick the
bottle really turned me on.  I felt a familiar warmth emanating from
my crotch.  She walked toward the fireplace and picked up a dildo.
 
"So which one is your favorite?" she asked.
 
"They all are," I answered.
 
I watched as she brought the dildo in her hand toward her
crotch.  "I wonder how this one feels?" she asked.
 
"I don't know," I answered.  "Would you like to try it?"
 
She lifted up her skirt to reveal a naked, shaven pussy.  She
brought the dildo toward her cunt and rubbed it in a gentle circular
motion.  She walked back to the couch and sat down, resting her legs
on the coffee table.
 
"Did you know that I've been able to please other women
without a dildo?" she asked.
 
"How?" I asked.
 
She didn't answer, but as she continually rubbed her cunt with
the dildo, I could see a protrusion appearing from the top of her hole.  I
was amazed.
 
"Would you like to suck my clitty?" she asked.
 
I immediately dived toward her crotch and stuck my tongue out
to meet her hole.  I brought my tongue to her clit and began licking
away.  Her clit actually stuck out over an inch.
 
"Ohhh, Shannon," she moaned.  "You are so good at this."
 
She grabbed my shoulders and pushed my mouth away from
her cunt and brought me toward the floor.  She set herself on top of
me, bringing her mouth toward mine.  As I spread my legs slightly, I
felt something at the opening of my pussy.
 
"I want to fuck you, Shannon," she moaned.  And then I felt
something penetrating my hole, which was followed by a shriek from
Jennifer's throat.
 
Her clit inside my hole felt quite different from Jim's cock, but
it felt great nonetheless.  I again completely forgot who I was and
immersed myself in the sex.  She began gentle gyrating motions as I
moaned in earnest.  Although her clit only penetrated slightly through
my pussy lips, it was enough to do the job.  As my orgasm began to
build, I lunged my mouth forward to meet Jennifer's and nearly bit her
lips.  I stuck my tongue deep within her mouth as she continued
sticking her clit into my cunt.
 
"I'm going to come," Jennifer yelled.  Her gyrations became
increasingly faster as she neared her climax.  However, my vaginal
walls pulsed in orgasm around her clit and this through her over the
edge.  Her screams were almost deafening as she moaned through her
orgasm.  After her cries had ceased, she rested on top of me, kissing
me deeply as we both relaxed from the sex.  When she kneeled
upright, I looked toward my crotch and could see both of our bushes
coated by a liberal amount of fluids.  I brought my hand towards our
pussies and rub the liquids deeply to the roots of the hairs.
 
"We sure made quite a mess," I said.
 
"That's alright, I'll help clean it up," Jennifer said.  She got off
of my legs and moved her head toward my crotch.  She then began to
suck my hairs, licking off every drop of our fluids.  After she had
sufficiently dried my bush, she rested on her back next to me.  "You
were so good, Shannon.  Let's talk to John tomorrow about being in a
movie together."
 
This was what I needed to hear, sort of.  All I needed to do now
was to fuck John and then I'd be out of this body.  "That sounds like a
good idea," I said.
 
Jennifer fell asleep.  I got up and walked naked toward the
kitchen.  The feeling in my chest was quite unique.  And so too was
the feeling in my crotch.  As I walked toward the refrigerator, Al
appeared.
 
"You two were fantastic," Al said.
 
"What?  You were watching us?" I asked in shock.
 
"How could I miss an opportunity like that?"
 
"I wish you wouldn't do stuff like that.  I do like my privacy
sometimes."
 
"Have you met John yet?"
 
"No, not yet.  But Jennifer and I are going to see him
tomorrow."
 
"That's good."
 
"Are you sure that I have to have sex with him?"
 
"That's what Ziggy says."
 
"Al, if you're pulling my leg . . ."
 
"Sam, why would I do a thing like that?  But, I sure wish I
could pull your leg, and other parts of your anatomy."
 
"Leave Al.  Let me get some sleep."
 
Al vanished and I returned to Jennifer and lay next to her.  I
covered our bodies with a blanket and fell asleep.
 
When morning came, I was awoken by a vibrating sensation
between my legs.  I looked down and saw Jennifer with a vibrating
dildo in her hand, resting it on my pussy lips.  I let out an
uncontrollable moan as I felt the dildo penetrating my hole.  She
slowly pushed it in, then pulled it out.  I felt a slight pain as she
continued her penetration, but with each thrust the pain subsided as
my fluids began to flow.  Soon, the entire dildo, and Jennifer's hand
was covered with my fluids.  She began pumping the dildo faster and
faster as I let out louder and louder uncontrollable moans.  She then
brought her other hand to my clit and when she touched it, sparks
flew.  I screamed in an almost painful manner, but it was not pain
which I was experiencing.  As she continued pumping the dildo into
my hole, she rubbed my clit with greater and greater force.  I couldn't
control my vocal chords as I heard them scream with pleasure.  I then
felt the strongest orgasm yet explode through my entire body.  As I
looked down toward my crotch, I once again saw fluids spurting from
my cunt.  I watched as Jennifer's eyes widen and she immediately
brought her mouth to my cunt to lick up the fluids.
 
"You taste so good," Jennifer said as she continued licking my
pubic hairs.  She then brought her mouth to meet mine and kissed me
as I tasted my own fluids in her mouth.  "I called John and he says that
he's going to come over in a few minutes."
 
"Are you going to talk to him about the movie?" I asked in a
breathless voice.
 
"Of course," Jennifer answered.  "He probably wants to do a
screen test, if you know what I mean."
 
I knew what she meant.  All I had to do now was wait for him
to arrive, do the deed, and then I'd leap out of this body.
 
As we continued kissing, I heard a knock at the door and then I
heard it open.
 
"Hello Jennifer," a man's voice said.
 
"Hi John," Jennifer said as she broke away from the kiss.  "I'd
like you to meet Shannon.  She's the new actress who's working on a
film with Jim."
 
"Nice to meet you, Shannon," John said.
 
"Nice meeting you too," I replied.
 
"Don't just stand there, John," Jennifer said.  "Aren't you going
to help us?"
 
I watched John as he quickly took off his clothes.  He then
kneeled in front of Jennifer who was laying on top of me.  Jennifer
lifted her head to take John's limp cock into her mouth.  John's cock
became harder and harder as Jennifer sucked it in earnest.
 
Jennifer stepped up off of my body and John kneeled in front of
me with his cock inches away from my mouth.  I was hesitant about
sucking another man's cock, but the sooner I did it, the sooner it would
be over.  I lifted my head slightly until the tip of his cock rested on my
lips.  I could taste the saltiness of his pre-cum on my tongue.  I then
opened my mouth all the way and took his entire shaft into my mouth.
Never having given a blowjob before, I sucked his cock in a rather
amateurish manner, as John let me know.
 
"It seems that we have a thing or two to teach you, Shannon,"
John said.
 
I continued sucking as I felt John's tongue at the entrance of my
pussy.  He then began licking away, getting my fluids flowing once
again.  I saw Jennifer return who was now wearing a strap-on dildo.
She too kneeled above my head, directly in front of John's ass,
pointing the dildo toward his hole.  When the dildo hit the opening of
his asshole, I felt John's teeth digging into my pussy.  I watched the
dildo as it slowly disappeared into John's ass.  His licking of my
pussy became more violent as I felt his teeth biting my pussy lips.
 
As I was once again nearing orgasm, I increased the suction of
my mouth on John's cock.  "That's it baby," John said.  "Suck it
harder."
 
Wanting to get this over with, I said, "I want you in me.  I want
to feel your hard cock in my cunt."
 
"That's the way I want to hear it," John said.  "Jennifer, let's
give her a three way."
 
Jennifer removed her strap-on from John's ass and John got off
of my body and lay on the ground.  He then commanded me to lay on
top of him.  Jennifer helped as she aimed John's cock into my hole.
Being sufficiently lubricated, his cock slid in rather easily.  I then felt
Jennifer's strap-on at the entrance of my ass.
 
"Spread your legs, honey," Jennifer said.  I did as she asked and
I felt the dildo penetrating into my other hole.  The sensation was
quite incredible.  I had never felt anything so good.
 
Jennifer began thrusting into my ass and as she did she pushed
me into John's cock.  Each thrust was followed by a moan as I
completely immersed myself into the totally erotic sensations.
 
"I'm going to come, baby," John said.  "I'm going to shoot my
load deep into your cunt."
 
I continued moaning as sweat formed all over my body.  I then
felt a warm liquid shooting deep into my pussy.  "Take it all, baby,"
John said.  And then another spurt.  And another.
 
Before hearing another word, a bright flash of light immersed
the room.  I then heard a car horn.
 
"Come on kid, move it," a man in the car behind me yelled.
 
I looked at the stoplight and saw that the light was green.  I then
took a look in the rearview mirror and saw a teenage boy.  Oh no, I
thought to myself.  I'm going to have to go through puberty.
 
"Step on the gas," the man yelled.
 
I stepped on the accelerator and I heard another car horn toward
my left.  I glanced through the window and saw a car coming directly
toward me on the cross street.  I stepped on the accelerator and the car
raced behind me, missing my car by inches.
 
"Sam," a man's voice said.  I looked in the passenger seat and
saw Al.  "I think you messed up."
 
FIN
