Archive-name: 3plus/quarters.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Quarters -- An Amazing True swinging story 


    "Why haven't you taken me to an adult movie yet?"
  We  had been in the car for almost an hour.  Neither of us talking.  Only
thinking about the days work and the terrible traffic on the way home.  
Or, so I thought.
    "They're a lot different at home.  We can do things that we can't in the 
theater.
     "Why?"
    "I was wondering what it would be like.  One of the girls at work was 
        talking about one she saw last night with her husband."
    "If you want to see one, we can get off the expressway here.  I think 
        there's one about 2 miles from this exit."
    "If you don't mind.  Unless you have something you want to do."
    "No, I can't think of anything better."
    "She said that it's different.  Is it?"
    "Well, it's not the same as renting a video."
    "When have you gone to one?"
    "Wait a minute."
    "I'm sorry.  I was wondering if you did go, why didn't you ask me to go 
        with you?"
    "I've seen some couples there, but not many.  Usually, there's a bunch of 
      guys in rain coats, and they have the coats turned the wrong way."
    "I didn't mean that type of theater.  She was talking about something 
        else.  She said they had to get a lot of quarters from a counter
       and then went to the back and picked their own movie.  She said it
          was more private and she felt more relaxed.
    "Even with all the men there."
    "You want to go to an ADULT BOOK STORE!"
    "I may be in upper management but, contrary to you computer people, we are
       human."
    "OK.  We'll find one.  If you don't like it, we can leave. I think you're a
       little over dressed to go in a place like that."
    "You're the one who likes to see me dressed-up.  Besides, I had that award
        luncheon today."

    Eileen parted and crossed her legs slowly so I could see her stocking
tops and the garters, then asked me if I really thought she looked good.
    "Honest, you look great.  And you're right, I like to see you dress up.  
     I think you look sexy as hell in a skirt or dress and high heels.
     They show off your long legs better than gym shoes and blue jeans."
    "I know.  I just like to hear you say it."
    We found a store, and also came across 2 drunks and a bar next door.
    Inside,  there were 5 rows of magazines and books, each with the plastic 
wrap on them.  The whole wall next to the counter had all dildos.  Behind 
the counter, were all the video tapes, and the 25 cent booths were off to the 
right.  Instead of checking  the  movies, Eileen started looking at the first 
row  of  magazines.   There were only 3 other guys (dressed in suits) in the 
place.  I walked over to  the  counter to get some quarters.
    "You're one lucky guy to have a wife that pretty.  Not many like her  
come in a place like this."
    "Thanks."
    He  gave me $5.00 in quarters and I went to see what my wife  was  looking 
at.  She was in the third row and toward the back of the store.  Two of the 
guys were 'looking'  at magazines on either side of her.  She was crouched 
down  looking at a magazine from a lower rack.  The guy on her right got bold 
and stepped closer, going for a book on a shelf above her.  He almost had his 
crotch in her ear when she turned around  and  bumped him.  Because of her 
position and the  contact,  she  fell backward, legs bent, knees apart, and 
skirt up to her waist.  She extended her hands  to  get up, but  both guys
just stared at her exposed nylon tops, garters and sheer  black lace panties.
    "I'm glad you like what you see, but this floor is cold."
    The  guys must have been crazy.  After helping her and asking if she was
OK, they left her, went to the counter, paid for some stuff, and they both 
left.
    "Feeling a little frisky tonight aren't we."
    "Oh it's you.  Where have you been?  Have you seen all the different
     magazines they have?  I'm only half way through and excited already.
     Can we get some of these? How come they don't have shopping carts like
     other stores?"
    "Calm  down will you.  Yes we can get some magazines, and they don't  have 
     shopping carts because of the prices.  These aren't the same as buying a
     can of corn."
    "There's  so  much here, I'll have a hard time making up my  mind.   Let's 
     take a look at the other rows."
    "Sure.   Oh, by the way, I already have $5.00 in quarters for the  movies.  
     That WAS the reason we came in here."
    "You know me.  Something grabs my attention and I go for it."
    "That guys pants had a magnet and your head has a metal plate. Is that
     what you're telling me?"
    "OH LOOK!  This row has all ropes and chains and that stuff.  Why was he
     embarrassed?   I  wasn't.  WOW!  LOOK AT THIS ONE!  The girl's tied down
     and four guys are on her!  Why do they wrap these?  You can't look inside."
  I gave up. We looked, or rather she looked at all, and I mean every single
magazine in that row.
    "You  know I get excited some times by the idea of being helpless. It's  a 
     BIG turn on for me."
    "Yes, I'm well aware of the urges you get from time to time.  Are we going
     through one now?"
    "There's nobody here except the guy behind the counter.  And, he could use 
     a bath.  Loosing 50 pounds wouldn't hurt him either."
    "Let's buy what you want.  I thought of something you might like."
  We  paid for all $105.00 worth of items she picked.  I told Eileen  to  go
next door to the bar and get us table.  I was going to put our purchases in
the car and purposely took my time getting to the bar.
    She  was seated at a table, by herself, in the middle of the place. Only
six other men were there, and they sat at the bar talking.  She didn't see me
come in, so I went straight to the bar to order drinks.  While waiting for the
bartender, I overheard the 6 guys at the bar.
    "Did  you  notice that fine piece of ass that walked  in?   Wouldn't  mind 
sticking my dick in that at all."
    "Hell you say.  Too classy for anyone here."
    "Shit,  you're both wrong.  She wouldn't have come in here if  she  wasn't 
looking for a pick-up.  No broad that good looking ever comes in here."
    "Just look at her.  She's out of our league boys so don't get excited."
    The youngest of the six then spoke up.  "All five of you are fucked in the 
head.  I'm going to ask her to dance."
    He introduce himself and ask her to dance.  She got up and walked with him 
to the juke-box and selected songs.  When the music started, a slow tune,
they danced near the end of the bar in a small open space by the bath rooms.
He acted like a gentleman,  with his hand holding hers and the other around
her  waist.   They chatted a while  longer  then  stopped talking.  She put
her head on  his  shoulder  and wrapped her
arms around his neck.  Eileen is 5' 7" in bare feet, in her 4" high heels
she  was as tall as the guy.  She was facing the bar, her eyes were closed and
she had a contented look on her face.
    Everyone  was  straining to see where the guys hands disappeared  to.   He 
turned her around to show everyone that both his hands were massaging her ass
through the thin material of her skirt.  He had pried her legs apart with one
of his and pulled her closer.  His fingers slowly raised the back of her skirt
until everyone at the bar could  see her stocking tops and sheer panties.
They no longer pretended to dance and stood facing each other.  He was pulling
her ass cheeks toward and down on his thigh in a grinding motion.  At the same
time, his hands began to slide into the back of her  panties.  We all watched
as my wife pulled his head to  hers and they kissed until the  song ended.
  They chatted briefly and he came back to the bar and Eileen went to the table.
    "Bar  keep, give me a double quick and get that lady anything  she  wants.  
Jesus is she  hot!  Hell, I had my hands all over her, and she didn't even try
to  stop me.  All she  said was, "You're a nice dancer".  She said she was
waiting for somebody and that if he didn't show up soon she'd love to dance
some more."
    "Watch your self boy, she might be a pro."
    "Yeah.  She might be waiting for a 300 lb. boyfriend or husband too."
    "Get  off my case!  I'm not blind.  I saw her wedding ring. But fuck it,
if she wants to, I'm not going to stop her."
    "You  might get real lucky and her husband won't show.  Maybe they  had  a 
fight. Maybe she's pissed at him.  Never know.  Just be careful."
    "Careful  nothing.  If somebody doesn't claim her in the next  5  minutes, 
I'm going to fuck her right here on this bar.  And if you're nice to me, I
might let you guys have a crack at her too."
    The bartender finally came over to me.
    "The  lady  wants to know what you're drinking since this guy is buying.
You are her husband aren't you?"
    "Yes  I am.  I'll have a beer.  And, here's some money.  I don't think  he 
meant to buy me drinks."
    All  the  guys  hid  their faces, some lowered their  caps,  and  one  guy 
couldn't help himself and start laughing at the young guy.
    "What were you doing at the bar?"
    "I  just wanted to see how far you'd let him go.  Your urges  are  getting 
the best of you."
    "They're  building  up  fast, so you better be prepared to  take  care  of 
them."
    "Is that an order?"
    "No  silly, just to let you know that the longer we stay out, the more  my 
other side  is going show itself.  If you want to leave, we can.  The last
thing  I want tonight is for you to be upset.  I have plans."
    "OK.  How about if I help with these plans?"
    "What did you have in mind?"
    "We sit here, finish our drinks and see if those men are willing to  share 
you with each other."
    "You serious?  How are you going to find out if they're willing or not?"
    "Simple.  Leave a note in the bathroom.  The way they're drinking, one of
them will find the note and at least be curious enough to find out if it's true."
    "What, right here in the bar?"
    "No.  Next door!"
    Her  eyes  lit up.  We sat there talking about the note when the guy who
'danced' with  her came over to apologize for the way he talked and acted.  I
told  him no problem  and that he should be a more careful like his friends
suggested.   I finished my beer and told Eileen to give me her lipstick.
I was going to the  bathroom and write the note and then we'd go next door.
Once outside the bar, she asked what kind of note I left.
    "Don't worry, it was simple and to the point."
    "I want to know exactly what you wrote!"
    "A beautiful women with sensual lips, long legs, and tight pussy wants
     to suck and fuck men next door.  Find me!  Think that will work?"
    "If it doesn't, they're homosexual."
    The store was empty.  The guy behind the counter said hello again. I told
him we wanted to see the movies this time.
    "Yeah sure go ahead.  Get it!  GO A HEAD."
    Eileen turned away from him and went off to the booth area.
    "What's wrong with her?  It was a harmless joke."
    "She thinks you're a sleeze ball."
   20 booths lined the walls, nine on the left and eleven on the right with a
small aisle  down the center.  The place smelled musky and the air was dry
and  hot. The only bright light came from a single overhead lamp in the middle
of the aisle.
    "How do you know which movie is in which stall?"
    "They have closed circuit TV and you switch channels to see the movie you
     want. That's what the numbers are for above each one."
    "Glad  I  came here with someone as knowledgeable as you. Listen, I was
     thinking. There's  nobody else here, so why don't we put some money in
     different  booths and that way we'll be harder to find."
    "Really  into this aren't you?  I get you first before you're  too  messed 
     up. Gooey 14 is not my big turn on."
    "You can always have me.  First, middle or last.  You think there will be
     14 guys?"
  I let her think about that for a while and went to get more quarters.   We
put a dollars worth in four different booths and then went to booth number 5.
    "Why this one?"
    "You didn't want to be found so easily. The back is too obvious."
   She  didn't notice the 'glory holes' on each wall, but I did.  The other
thing I noticed  was  that the place was cleaner than most I've visited.  A
roll  of paper towels was in each booth, there was also a trash can, and your
shoes  didn't stick to the floor.  Even so, we didn't sit on the small bench.
I turned to channel 3. I knew  this  would  get her juices going faster.  We
lucked out.  The movie actually started from the beginning, not in the middle.
    "What's this one about?"
    "Just watch and enjoy.  I'm going to."
    "Which one?  Watch or enjoy?"
    "Enjoy first then watch, then maybe enjoy again."
  A girl appeared walking to her car in an underground parking lot.  Out of
the dark came a man with a gun and told her to be quiet and do what she was
told. He grabbed  her  car keys and told her to turn around and waved his
hand. This signaled the rest  of the gang.  5 men ripped her clothes off and
forced her to the ground by the car.
    "OH!  You know I like that.  I'm talking about the movie and your hands."
  I had my wife's skirt down at her ankles and was rubbing her pussy with
one hand and  pinching her nipples with the other from behind.  Her lace
panties  were soaked and I could hear twet sounds comming from her as I
fingered her clit.
    "Put  your hands on each side of the TV and don't look back.   Now  spread 
     your legs more.  Kick the skirt out of the way."
  She was now spread up against the wall with her legs wide apart and a hand
on each side of the TV, watching the movie and pretending it was her that the
men in the film were going to rape.  I ripped her panties off quickly rolled
them into a ball and shoved them in her mouth. She moaned slightly but kept
watching the movie. I dropped my pants, pulled my dick out and began to rub it
on her ass. She was trying to move back at me but couldn't because of her angle.
I grabbed her blouse with each hand and ripped it open. She started to yell.
    "Who  told  you to move!  Stay where you're at!  I'm going  to  fill  your 
tight wet pussy  and your firm round ass.  When I finish that, you're going to
suck  me off and I'm  going to cum all over that beautiful face.  You look like
a slut the  way you're dressed so I'm going to fuck you like one."
   This  brought  a louder moan from her as she was really getting  into  the
'fantasy rape'  now.  As I was sliding my dick in her pussy, I heard other
people  come into the booth area. They found the note! I could hear several
voices and doors being opened and closed.  They were searching for her.
I was fucking her faster now and could sense that she was going to get off
real soon if I kept it up.  So I  stopped.
   Eileen groaned when my dick left her wet hole. By this time, one of the men
found us.  He called to one of his buddies and the doors next to our booth
closed and locked. I could see their faces through the holes as they watched
us.  I took  the panties out of her mouth and told her that it was time to
suck.  She pushed herself away from the wall, removed her torn blouse and
knelt in front of me.
    "Look over to your right.  See the guy looking through the hole?   There's 
     another one  on  the left.  Take a look!  They're going to watch as I put
     my  cock  in your mouth and down your throat.  They'll watch when I cum
     on that beautiful face and you lick it all up."
   She didn't say anything.
    "They get to fuck you and you'll suck their cocks until they cum too!"
  Again, remaining quiet, she looked me in the eyes and her expression  told
me this is what she wanted to do.
    I stuck my dick in her mouth.  She wrapped her lips around it tighter than 
she ever  did  before and almost had me cum right then.  I told her to play
with herself as I silently opened our booth so the other men could also watch.
I grabbed  the back of her head and started to fuck in slow deep strokes.
Each push forward would swell her neck slightly to show my cock buried there.
Not once did she gag or cough, but only moaned around my dick. This was
getting me off faster than I wanted.  I was enjoying the show we were giving
these guys and didn't want it to end.  Before I came,  I backed out of the
booth and into the aisle directly below  the  light and told her to come out
and suck me some more, but she had to keep her eyes shut.
    The  6 men from the bar formed a circle around us to watch her swallow  my 
dick in her throat one more time before I came.  I stopped pumping her lips
and pulled out fast. I then shot cum at her mouth and face. Her tongue wiggled
trying  to get all I was shooting  while  still fingering herself.  When I
finished, she slowly swallowed the  cum in her mouth.  She brought her fingers
up from her pussy, wiped away the cum on her chin, and then sucked it all off.
    "Look, I know the guy on duty at the counter.  Why don't I have him  close 
     the place so we're not disturbed?", asked one of the guys.
    "Sounds  like a good idea.  Also see if I can borrow a blindfold,  and  if 
     any of you want to fuck her ass, you'd better get some condoms out front."
  I gave Eileen instructions to keep her eyes closed and not to move.
    "There  are 6 guys here plus the guy at the counter.  First, each  one  of 
     them is going  fuck  you.  They decide if they want to fuck your pussy
     or  your  ass. Second, your going to give each one of them a blow-job.
     You don't have a choice.  Nod your head if you understand."
  My wife didn't nod her head, but she kept her eyes shut, and her arms went
more rigid to her side.  I caught the drift of her movement.
    "OK!   If that's the way you want it.  Two of you hold onto her,  I'll  be 
     right back."
  I  knew what she wanted. She wanted to act the part of the girl from  the
movie in the booth.  By not answering, she was consenting without showing her
desire to the men.  By stiffening her arms, she was signaling that she wanted
to be held or restrained in some way.  I went out front to the counter.
    "Is  it  true?   Your forcing your wife to fuck and  suck  everybody  back 
     there!", Mr. Sleeze Ball asked.
    "You want us to leave?"
    "NO! NO!  It's OK with me, but I have to stay here at the counter  because 
     my relief will be here soon.  I'll keep the door locked, then join you
     guys.   If that's OK with you?"
    "Fine. Can I borrow some things.  If they get broken or too dirty, I'll
     pay for them."
    "No sweat!  Take whatever you want.  Shit, I'll pay for anything you  want 
     to fuck HER."
  I left 5 guys with Eileen. They had her standing now, with 2 of them holding
her arms and another 2 had her feet spread wide.  They were exploring every
part of her body.  She had fingers in her pussy, both of her tits were being
squeezed, one guy was licking her thigh just above the nylons, and another guy
was licking  her feet through the openings of her high heel sandals.
  Without saying  a word, I motioned for the men to stop, let her go and wait.
I understood, first hand and objectively, the power women have over men when
it comes to  sex.  None of them argued or said anything and did exactly as
I asked. I took Eileen's hand and led her out to the magazine section.  When
we came out,  Mr. Sleeze almost  had  a heart attack.  I put my finger to my
mouth to tell him to be quiet and turn around, which  he did.  I knew he could
still see us in the security mirror behind the counter but didn't mind that.
    "Is that you honey?"
    "Does it make any difference?"
    "I was glad you had them hold me. My pussy is sopping wet and swollen I'm
     so excited!"
    "I  thought that's what you wanted.  Mr. Sleeze behind the counter said  I 
     can borrow anything I want.  You pick it out because I don't know how far
     you want to go with these guys.  You can open your eyes now."
  She  went to the last row by all the sex aids and toys, not once giving  a
second thought  to  being dressed only in high heels, tan stockings, and black
lace garter belt.   She had picked up a pair of black leather wrist and ankle
straps  with silver studs, a matching neck collar, and a blindfold.
     "Give  me your pearl necklace, it doesn't go with the things you  picked. 
      You really want to do this?"
    "Yes.   Make sure they're not too rough, if you know what I mean.  I  feel 
     like a slut  tonight, but don't want them to know it.  Does the slob at
     the  counter have to join?"
    "Yep! I'll make sure there's no hitting or biting when we get back there."
    "I feel like being used and controlled."
  I dressed her up in the items she picked and started back to the  booths.
Just then, there was a pounding at the door.  Mr. Sleeze opened it and his
relief came in, with a friend.  I whispered in her ear, "Make that 8 men."
    "I'm sorry."
    "No problem.  She'll fuck and suck them too."
  They  quickly locked the store and the 'CLOSED' sign was put on the  door.
When we walked  in the booth area everyone applauded and whistled.  I spun her
slowly around for everybody  to get a good look at her 36C-24-35 body, then
I walked  her toward the men.
    "Now, there's a lot of dicks here and you're going to satisfy all of them.  
     One at a time. You don't stop fucking or sucking until they each cum
     twice. That's 16 loads of cum.  Let's get this show on the road.  Since
     Mr. Sleeze was so  nice to let us use this place, he goes first.  Put her
     on the floor."
  4 of the men laid her down and spread her out. Blindfolded, black leather
collar & straps on her, she really did look like she was ready to be gang banged.
    "You're  not  so high and mighty now are you?  I always wanted to  fuck  a 
     beauty queen  and now I got my chance.  I'm going to take my time about
     it. I  want you to beg me to fuck you."
    "Well get on with it you dumb son-of-a-bitch!  We want a piece of her  too 
     before she turns gray!"  This came from the guy she danced with.
 All of them started a chant to egg him on.  "FUCK HER, FUCK HER, FUCK HER"   
 They kept shouting this until he finally got his dick out and squatted
between her parted thighs.  Placing the head of his cock on her pussy, he was
slowly moving it around, but not in her.  Keeping this up for another minute,
he finally had her trying to raise her hips to get him inside.
    "Hold her tight!  I want her to beg for my dick.  It won't take long cause 
     I'm pretty good at this.  I may not be big, but I know what drives broads
     crazy."
   Yes,  he did know how to tease.  His dick was average length but  he  knew
just where  to poke and rub.  Soon Eileen began to moan in frustration and bit
her lips, but  he just kept teasing her with it.  She was tossing her head
from side  to side and moaning  louder,  trying  to get his cock in her but
the other  men  held  her firmly.  2 were massaging and sucking her tits,
adding to her aroused state of mind.
    "Come  on lady!  Tell me how much you want to fuck my dick.   Wouldn't  it 
     feel nice filling your cunt right now?  I can see your clit standing out
     waiting for it. Your juices are getting the head of my dick soaking wet.
     I know you want it.   We all know you want it.  Just tell everyone how
     much, then I'll fuck you."
  He poked her erect clit with his dick and her whole body jerked  and  she
sighed and moaned again.  One more poke and it brought the response he  was
waiting for.
    "OH YES!  I need you.  Put it in me."
    "I'm  only a slob compared to the men you're use to.  And now you WANT  to 
     fuck me?"
    "YES!   YES!  I don't care who you are!  Just put it in me.  Please!   I'm 
     begging you whoever you are."
   His teasing was the opposite of his fucking.  In one swift lunge, his cock
was buried in her, causing her to scream at the sudden invasion.  He didn't
pause when he was in her, but immediately fucked fast and hard.
    "Here beauty queen.  Take my cock and milk the cum out."
  Uncle Ben couldn't be any faster than he was.  He fucked my wife, but only
for 2 minutes before he came inside her.  When everyone started to laugh at
him,  he told them to shut up and watch as he pulled his limp dick out.   Her
vagina was clamped so hard around his cock that it looked like it was going
to snap off.  He slowly pulled back,  his dick stretching, the head was being
gripped vice-like  between  her pussy lips. Her hips were arching up to keep
him from getting away, and  she  was crying.
    "NO!   NO!  Not now!  I'm not there yet!  Please don't tease  me  anymore.  
     Put it back in damn you!"
  Caught in her own lust, Eileen never knew she had already drained the guy.
The young  man she danced with lifted Mr. Sleeze off of her, causing his dick
to make a wet popping noise when it came out.  The young guy's dick was bigger
and hard from the action he just saw and had with her in the bar.
    "OK, let her go.  She's not fighting.  Here I am.  Take my cock and put it 
     your pussy.   Come on take it!  Feel how hard it is.  Now put it in.
     Yeah  that's it!  Now fuck me."
    "OH!  YES!  You feels so nice in me.  Keep it up like that.  YES!  Oh  God 
     it feels so good!  Yes do it!  Do it harder!  HARDER!  YES!"
  They  were putting on quite a show fucking each other harder  and  faster.
Every time he shoved in her, Eileen would shove back at him harder.  He was
over her body in a push-up position and pumping away.  Arms and legs free,
Eileen still kept them spread  out, but arched her body up to meet his.  It
was as though  her  pussy had taken over control of everything she did.  Her
head rolled from side to side and she was straining to breathe.  The guy was
sweating in streams but still fucked her fast and hard.
Suddenly he pulled out of her.
    "What are you doing!  I'm almost there!  Stay with me!  Put it in!"
  Instead,  he stroked his dick a few times and shot cum all over her  pussy
and stomach.  My wife thrust her hips in a fucking motion hoping to get him
back. Gobs of cum were on her stomach and matting in her pussy hairs.
    "SOMEBODY PLEASE!"
  Her fingers dove for her wet hole.  I pushed them away.
    "No  you don't! When and IF you cum, it's going to be with a cock. Not your
     own fingers!  Up on your hands and knees!  I want to see you fuck and suck
     at  the same time."
  2 different men got down with her.  What Eileen didn't know, was that  the
guy behind her wore a condom.  The guy in front grabbed her head so she could
suck him off.   When she started to protest his rough treatment, he stuffed
her  mouth full of cock.   The guy in back was playing with her garter straps,
while he wet his cock by rubbing it along her soaked pussy.  This done, he
spread her ass cheeks apart with one hand and positioned the tip of his dick
at the small opening of her ass with the other.  She felt him back there and
was moving herself forward to avoid him.
  Her movement only excited the guy in front because she was forced to swallow
more of him. Her  moan and sighs were being muffled by the cock between her
lips.  The  guy behind grabbed her hips and pushed all the way inside her ass.
    "GOD IS SHE TIGHT!  I think she had a virgin ass!"
  I corrected  him.  "No she's been fucked in the ass before. Plenty of times.
     It's just that all her holes are that tight.  She has this unbelievable
     muscle control and strength that makes you think she's virgin."
  The other men who didn't have a turn yet were telling the 2 guys to hurry.
They wanted  to  feel how tight she was before she became too loose  from  all
the fucking. One of them couldn't wait and knelt down next to her face and
started to jack-off and played  with her tit.  She was rocked back and forth
by the two guys fucking her ass and mouth, and was loving every stroke.
Moaning and  pushing  back,  Eileen began to cum.   She was trying with all
her might to fuck the dick in her ass, and at the same time trying to suck
the dick in her mouth.  She was visibly shaking and her moans and sighs were
higher pitched.  Her arms gave out and she collapsed on the  floor, loosing
the dick in her mouth.  The two guys in front picked her up and held her up
as they both jacked-off on her face.
    They  shot  cum everywhere.  It landed in her hair, on  her  cheek  bones, 
neck, nose, and  she managed to get some in her mouth.  When the guy behind
saw  this,  he came to, but didn't pull out.  Eileen was still going through
the spasms of cumming  as the dick in her ass popped out.  She must have been
clenching tightly because the rubber stayed  inside her, hanging down between
her ass cheeks and swinging back  and forth as
she kept shaking from her own orgasm.
    This got to everyone and 3 different men turned her over on her back.  One 
got between her legs and fucked her pussy, another got above her head so she
could lick and suck his dick, the third guy straddled her chest and was fucking
her tits. 2 other  guys  took  her hands and wrapped them around  their  cocks  and  began
jerking off. When the 5 of them finished, it started over with others taking
turns.  I told Eileen that jerking off, or tit fucking didn't count, so they
could still  fuck  her and get blow  jobs  if they could get it up.  At one
point, she was sitting over two guys being double fucked in her pussy and
sucking off a third guy.  All of this went on with only one short break in
the action so she could wipe herself of cum and sweat.
   She had  fucked and sucked every guy at least once, some of them three times.
Almost every position imaginable was tried.
    It  was  already 11 pm when I looked at my watch.  We  first  entered  the 
store at 5:30.   I figured it took us maybe 45 minutes to buy the magazines
the first visit and then maybe an hour in the bar before we came back.  This
meant she fucked and sucked 8 strangers in an adult book store for at least
3 and one half hours!
    "How do you feel, besides sore, weak, thirsty, and probably hungry."
    "Not  too  bad.   That  was  something else!   You  guys  were  great!   I 
     especially liked the different sizes."
  The  young man who danced with her asked, "Listen, why don't you two  join
     us next door for a drink.  My brother is tending bar so I can get him to
     keep it open for us past 12."
  We agreed then all the men dressed and left for the bar.
  Alone  now, I looked at Eileen still laying on the floor.  Her dark  brown
hair stuck  to her face in spots from the cum and sweat in it.  Her tits
were red with finger marks from the men and covered with cum, dripping down
her sides and the center to her chest.  She had one hand on her stomach,
swirling the cum there with a finger.  Her other hand was over her pussy,
gently massaging it.  Her feet, still in the high heels, were pressed flat
against the floor, and her legs were  spread apart.
   One  of  her stockings had come loose from the garter and fell to her ankle.
There was a puddle of cum under and around her ass.  Playing with herself, she
made loud sloppy wet noises with her fingers each time she inserted them in
her pussy.  I would have thought that after all the fucking and sucking she
just had, she would be close to dead.
    "Look, we can't stay here much longer.  Those men might call a friend,  or 
     two, and we'd really have a problem on our hands."
    "You're  right. I'll  get dressed if you help me find the rest of my
     clothes. I'm not walking to the car in only a garter belt, nylons, and
     heels no matter what I just did."
  Well, she did get in the car dressed only in garter belt, nylons, and high
heels. Some, or one of the men had taken her skirt, blouse, and bra as a
souvenir. We found this  out when I pulled the car in front of the store and
opened the door for her.
  The men, standing in the doorway of the bar, applauded, cheered, and whistled
when she  came out of the book store nearly naked.  We have not been to that
store since.
    It  may  seem strange or even preverse, but I enjoy watching
Eileen  with other men.  One or more at a time.  I'm not Bi-sexual nor
does she do this  when I'm not around. We both love each other very much,
but we also both like the variety of other people during sex once in a
while.  She gets as excited as I do while  watching  me with other women.

That will be our next story AFTER we get their permission to write it.

--
