THE QUEST
By Ric Carlson
April 4, 1993

COPYRIGHT 1993 BY RIC CARLSON

This story may be freely distrbiuted electronically.
It may not be reproduced in any other format without the written
permission of the author.


It had been a long day and I couldn't wait to get back to my room
and relax.  My work schedule had gone to hell since the
announcement that a ship from Nemow was arriving tomorrow.  For
some reason, they required a complete docking bay to themselves.
As lead docking pilot, the job of moving most of the large ships
fell to me.  All I could think about was how lucky I was that the
outer planet fleet had left for Earth yesterday.  This left fewer
ships to move around.

"Good evening Jim.  How are you tonight?" she asked as I entered
my room. "SHE" was my personnel computer, Jessie, designed as
part of the room. "Fine Jessie, just a bit tired." "May I get you
something?" she said.  "I think I'll have a Jack Daniel's and
water and a sex shot."   "One Jack and water coming up." she
said,  "I'll deliver it to the chair.  What type of sex would you
prefer tonight?  You had two women the last time."  Thinking for
a moment, I responded "I think I'd like a redhead with nice
tits.". "And the type of sex?". "Oral.  I'll be ready in half an
hour.  Please display my mail.".  "Your wish is my command
master." Jessie responded with a chuckle as my mail was displayed
on the screen.

It had been determined some time ago that humans could not exist
for long periods in space without sex.  This was discovered in
the Eighties with Skylab and the Shuttle but never disclosed to
the public.  On today's stations, there were never enough of the
opposite sex to meet these needs. This problem applied to both
men and women.  On those stations where women were the majority
fights had broken out when the men could not meet their demands.

To overcome this problem, scientist developed a number of
compounds that would chemically induce a sexual experience.
Experiments with some very willing volunteers enabled them to
refine the compounds so that they could make a person experience
mentally almost any situation they desired.  The mental image was
so strong that it actually caused physical reactions to the
mental image.  Sensors made sure none of the reactions were life
threatening.  All they needed was a sample of a persons DNA to
determine the compound required to induce the desired experience.

Since this was such a powerful drug, it's distribution was
strictly controlled by computer. People were only allowed one
shot a day and they could not be saved up to allow more then one
in any given day.  In the early days of development, a lab tech.
had put some in an IV bag at his home, set it up for a slow drip
and laid down for a good time.  He was found a few days later,
dead from a heart attack.  It was determined he had experienced
at least 100 continuos orgasms based on the amount of drug he had
taken and the damaged condition of the muscles in his groin.  It
must have been one hell of a way to go.  Anyway, based on this
and a few other such cases, strict controls were placed on the
drug.

Picking up my drink, I scanned the mail.  There was nothing
important, so I headed for the chair.  This chair was made
specifically to interact with the drug.  It was shaped like a
recliner and covered with a special film like material that was
very pliable and instantly adapted to my body temperature and
made it feel as if I was floating. In addition, it was so light
it could not be felt when laid ontop of the body.

Once in the chair, I attached an electrode to each side of my
head at the temple and laid back.  I rested my arms on the arms
of the chair and fitted my feet and hands into openings that were
lined with the film and also acted as sort of restraints.  "I'm
ready Jessie, you may start at any time."  "I hope you enjoy it
sir, I'll start it as soon as the cover

is in place."  With that, a mechanical arm appeared over my head
as it stretched a sheet of the film over my body.  At the same
time, I felt a slight pressure as a slim tube, also covered with
the film was gently inserted into my ass.  Another arm placed a
cup over my cock and balls

which gently sucked them up, and allowed them to be completely
covered with the film. The final step was for me to open my mouth
to allow a device to be put in place by still another arm. This
device allowed my mouth and tongue to be completely covered with
the film and yet, still breath. When done, there was not a part
of my body, external or internal that was not in contact with the
film.

The chair and film were connected to me via the electrodes.  A
computer would interpret my thoughts during the session and cause
the film to react in such a way that my entire body would feel
what I was experiencing in my mind from the drug.  This was quite
an improvement over just jacking off. It has been rumored that
some people who were into whipping actually woke up with welts on
their body.

With everything in place, I felt a slight prick as the drug was
injected via my fingertip.

I heard a noise and looked up to see a woman standing next to me.
She had very long red hair that fell over her shoulders and
slightly covered her breasts which were about a size 34 with very
large nipples.  I could feel myself getting hard just looking at
her. "Hello Jim,  I have been waiting for you, waiting for that
hard cock." she said.  "My name is Laro.". Moving closer, she
took my now hard shaft in her hand and started to gently stroke
it.  Her grip was hot and very pleasant.  "Kiss me." she said as
she leaned toward me.  Our mouths met as she pressed her body
against mine.  Her kiss was powerful and as she sucked my tongue
into her mouth, I became very lightheaded.  I could not feel her
tongue and the inside of her mouth actually felt like a pussy.
She had control of me and I could not pull away.  Actually, it
felt so good, I did not want to pull away and pressed my lips
even harder to hers.

She continued to stroke my cock as her other hand cupped my balls
and gently played with them.  That thought that this was not what
I requested briefly entered my mind but was put aside by the
feeling of pleasure even before I could consciously consider it.

My legs spread involuntary for her as she slid her hand under my
balls and too my ass. Before I realized it, she buried her finger
deep inside me.  Her movements actually felt like she was
stroking my cock from inside.

Releasing my mouth, she lowered her head to my cock and took only
the swollen head into her mouth.  I started to reach up to stroke
that beautiful hair but could not.  When had she bound my arms.
Looking up she said, "Don't worry Jim, I am doing exactly what
you want me to and I will please you.  I am what you have always
wanted." she said just before taking the entire length of my cock
into her mouth.

Her finger was still inside me and she was moving it is rhythm
with her mouth.  She did not slide her mouth down my cock but
actually seemed to be sucking me into her in some way. Looking
down, I could not see her head or my hips moving but I felt it.
I felt the heat and texture of her tongue.  I enjoyed the sweet
friction as something slide the entire length of my cock.  I
could feel the suction that was causing my cock to swell to the
point of bursting.  What she was doing felt so good that I didn't
really care how she was doing it.

"Would you like to cum Jim?" she asked.  That's a silly question
I thought as I answered "Yes.".  "Would you like to cum inside
yourself or outside?".  "What do you mean?" I asked as I realized
she had not stopped sucking me while asking the question.  I just
heard her inside my head.  "How can I hear you?".  "Don't worry
about it." she said. "Answer my question or I shall decide for
you.".  "I don't know what you mean." I responded.  "Very well,
I'll decide.  If you don't like it, we will have plenty of time
to try both ways tonight and others later.

Relax and enjoy this."

She started moving her finger faster inside my ass.  Not sliding
it in and out of me but rubbing me somewhere inside.  I had never
like this before as my breaths came faster as a result of what
she was doing.  My nipples got very hard and my entire body was
starting to feel hot.  I found that I had no control over my arms
or legs and they seemed to be straining against some unknown
force.  I suddenly felt a need for something, some type of
release, but I didn't know what and the need was building.  My
eyes were wide open but I could see nothing except a bright light
that seemed to be suspended in front of me and moving closer.  My
heart was pounding within me and I could not breath fast enough.
My body was on fire as every muscle strained for something
unknown to me. Above all this I heard her say "Are you ready
Jim?" Whatever it was, I needed it.  I had no control as I
screamed "YES.". Immediately, the light exploded inside my head
and sent an explosion of pleasure throughout my body causing it
to arch up sharply.  My arms and legs went into uncontrollable
spasms.  My hips thrust upward against her face as if I was
Cumming into her mouth.  But, it was not my cock that I was
feeling.  It was not the swift release I was used to as the cum
shot forth from my cock.  I was feeling something even more
powerful inside me that seemed to be taking control of my entire
body and mind.  Unimaginable waves of pleasure were spreading
across every part of my body.  Each one seemed to build upon the
one before it.

I didn't know if I was breathing or not and didn't really care.
I was hot and cold both at the same time.  I felt rushes
everywhere.  I had never felt this good before and did not want
it to stop.  I started to feel minor pauses between the
explosions of pleasure and realized it was tapering off.  The
pleasure did not fade fast and for some reason I even enjoyed
slight pause between each wave of pleasure now.

Reality started to set back in and I looked down to see that she
still had my cock in her mouth but only partially now.  Looking
me directly in the eyes, she blinked once and sucked hard on my
cock.  I felt my cock explode as I came in her mouth.  While this
was not a powerful as what I had just felt, it took the last of
my strength and I relaxed, exhausted from whatever it was she had
done.  I looked done to see her smile as she released my cock
from her mouth. "what did you do to me?" I asked.  "I never felt
that way before."  "I made your body cum." she said.  "I made
every cell have an orgasm. I could have let it continue if I
wanted to.  And, as each cell divided and became new ones, those
too had orgasms.  That's why you felt it all over as if you had
one continuos orgasm.  I may let it go longer in the future but I
have other plans for tonight."  I wondered what she meant by
that.

I also wondered what was going on.  I was conscious of my
thoughts.  That was not supposed to happen.  If the drug worked,
I should have been completely within the experience, thinking it
was real.  Yet, I seemed to know that was not real but I was
fully experiencing it.  It felt very real.  Maybe it was a new
version of the drug.  Who was I to question it except to ask her
"What do you mean in the future.".  "you will learn that in good
time." she said.  "Right now, I want to feel you inside me. Are
you ready for that?". After what she had just done to me, how
could I say no.  My hands and feet were still bound.  "Will you
untie me?" I asked.  "No, I can't."  You will understand soon
enough.  I need you to please me." she said with a smile and a
twinkle in her eye.  "For reasons which you will soon know, I
must control everything this time." It suddenly dawned on me that
she was sitting on top me and my cock was inside her pussy.  I
could not remember her moving and I would have surly felt my cock
sliding into her.  This was really some drug they had given me.

She moved slightly forward and the sensation on my cock was
something I had never felt.  It seemed as if her pussy was
holding the shaft in place and moving around the head.  How was
she doing that.  If it was possible to love a dream, I was in
love.  "Jim, don't be afraid to let yourself completely go.  I am
going to demand things of your body that you have not experienced
before.  What I do will not hurt, in fact, it will feel very
good.  What I am about to do is something I really need and only
you can give it to me. Here I was, tied up, my cock hard and
inside a beautiful woman.  Who was I to refuse her.  "Do whatever
you want." I said.

She laid her hands on my chest and started to massage me.  As her
hands roamed over my chest and shoulders, I started to feel a
light tingling everywhere she touched me. She was slowly moving
her body now, riding her pussy up and down the length of my
shaft.  Each time she raised herself off me it felt like my cock
was being pulled into her, as if it were getting longer.

What she did next shocked me.  Her body seemed to dissolve, only
to reappear with her facing my feet.  She was still in a position
to ride my cock and was doing so.  I thought I was going crazy
but this quickly gave way to what she was doing. I didn't care if
I was crazy if it felt this good.  She reached forward, and
continued the massage starting with my toes and slowly working up
my legs, moving from one the other without missing a single spot.
She finished with my balls and the pleasure I felt as she softly
fondled them almost made me cum.  "Not yet, Jim." she said, as if
sensing the way I felt.  "If you wait, it will be better.".  What
could I say, already she was making me feel better then I had
ever felt with a woman.   I just laid there with my eyes closed
and enjoyed the feeling of her hands as she moved them below my
balls and slid her finger between the cheeks of my ass.  I did
not move but somehow, her fingers found my asshole and easily
slid inside, causing me to feel nothing but pleasure.  She played
with my ass for a few moments and with each stroke of her finger,
my cock seemed to expand even more inside her pussy.

I sensed, more the felt, a movement and looked up.  She was
facing me again.  She leaned forward until her tits were almost
resting on my chest and went to work on my sides and my back.
Again, without me moving, she was able to reach my entire back.
I didn't know where this experience was headed and I surly didn't
care right now. She finished my back and ran her hands up behind
my neck and the back of my head.  With the exception of my face,
she had touched every part of my body.

As she leaned forward and laid on my chest so that our nipples
touched, she said, "I now know every inch of your body.  That's
important because it will allow me to have you in a way you have
never experienced before.  I need you to trust me and completely
release yourself to my control.  Will you do that?".  I was
burning with desire for this woman and all I could do was to nod
my head as I looked into her eyes. For the first time I noticed
that they were a solid dark color with twinkling flashes in them.
Sort of as if I were looking at a night sky full of stars.

She was laying on me with her legs drawn up along my sides.  She
stopped moving for a moment as her lips covered my face with
kisses ending with her lips on mine.  I opened my mouth to accept
her tongue and at that moment it started.  I don't know exactly I
felt but I seemed to be changing.  It felt as if parts of me were
disappearing but I couldn't be sure.  I tried to open my eyes but
could not or, if they were open I could not see anything.  I
started to feel a twinge of fear.  But, before it grew, I heard
her voice, inside me, saying, "Don't be afraid.  Trust me, trust
me.".  Her voice was reassuring and hypnotic and I could feel
myself giving in completely to her.

I could feel her on every part of my body.  Her lips were still
on mine but I was breathing with her, breathing as if I was her
or, part of her.  Along with this, I became aware of her
movements as she started to slide her pussy up and down the
length of my cock.  I was enjoying this slow fuck very much when
I started to feel as if I was moving deeper into her with every
stroke.  I could no longer tell where my cock stopped and the
rest of my body started.  It seemed as if she was pulling me, my
body into her.  That did not seem possible since our lips were
still touching and I could still feel her tongue in my mouth.

Her pussy squeezed me tighter now as she started to move a little
faster.  Her breathing, our breathing, was getting faster.  I
could feel her body on mine and yet, at the same time, I felt as
if I was part of her, feeling what she felt as she fucked me.  I
felt the warmth of her pussy on not only my cock but on my entire
lower body.  She seemed to be engulfing me, making me part of
her, part of her pussy. Even if I wanted to, there was no way I
could resist her now.  I seemed, my body seemed to know what she
wanted, what she needed and was responding to her.  I was
completely under her control and powerless to prevent her from
drawing me into her.

Within her, I felt the sensations of a cock, my cock, as it slid
into her, filling her pussy and sliding across her clit.  The
feeling of pleasure were more intense then I had ever known.  I
was experiencing sex both as a man and a woman at the same time.
I knew when she was going to cum since I could feel it myself.  I
could feel my cock swelling to fill her and my balls were ready
to explode, releasing their hot cum for her waiting pussy.  She
still had control of me though and she would not let me cum just
yet.  She was making me, my body wait for her as she squeezed me
with stronger and stronger contractions while increasing the
speed of her thrusts.  I was with her, inside her, feeling her
body build to it climax.  The higher she went, the higher I went,
following her or being dragged along.  I didn't care as long as I
was part of her.

From somewhere, I heard her moan and then I was flooded with a
warmth which completely covered me.  At that moment, she released
me and I came.  I was in her now and I could see my cock,
squirting stream after stream of cum into her.  I could feel it
mixing with hers, covering me.  I could see and feel her pussy
squeezing me, milking the cum from my cock until there was none
left.  Even then,  she pulled at me, increasing the pleasure for
both of us until I could not determine if I was feeling me or her
or both and just gave in completely to it.

I must have passed out because the next thing I remember is
hearing her.  "Jim, Jim, open your eyes."  Opening my eyes, I
looked up at her face and it actually seemed to be glowing.  "How
did you do that?" I asked.  "Did that really happen or was that a
dream?".  My body was soaked and the scent of her pussy was
everywhere.  This was a dream I did not want to end. As if
confirming it was a dream, she said, "Jim, your time is almost
up.  You will have to wake up soon.  I want to do one more thing
for you.  Please lay back and relax.  You will enjoy this even
more."

I laid back, wondering what could be better then what she had
already done to me.  I discovered I was no longer bound so I put
my hands behind my head and watched her as she took my still
semihard cock in her mouth.  With a slow sucking motion, she soon
had it hard again.  She cupped my balls with her hand and gently
started to fondle them. Her hand was soft and very warm and her
touch hardly noticeable except the warmth that was spreading
through my balls and my loins.  I started to feel a tightness in
my crotch and my cock was getting harder but I did not feel like
I was ready to cum again. She continued to fondle my balls, first
one then the other.  Was it my imagination or were they getting
bigger as she played with them?  Each time she gently squeezed
one of them, I could feel a pressure or need building within me.
It was very much like the feeling I get just before I cum.  Not
as strong but more pleasing.  Something that I could have enjoyed
for hours.

She had something else in mind though.  She had been sucking on
my cock and playing with my balls for what seemed like hours but
could only have been minutes.  She paused for a moment, looked up
at me and said "This is how I can make you feel forever."  She
then, opened her mouth wide and took the full length of my cock
in her mouth.  I felt it sliding down her throat.  At the same
time, she squeezed my balls very hard causing not pain but an
explosion of pleasure as my cock exploded in her mouth.  I was
cumming, but not in the normal way.  My hips were raised up,
forcing my cock as deep into her mouth as possible and I was
cumming in one very long orgasm as cum flowed from my cock in a
continuous stream.  The constriction of her throat as she
swallowed seemed to be milking me as her hands kept squeezing my
balls, forcing the cum out of them. At last, when I had no more
to give her, she stopped.  I could do nothing but lay there
exhausted.  She got up and kissed my very long and deep.  "Go to
sleep Jim." she said as she covered my eyes with her hand.
"Tonight was just the first of many." I heard her say as I fell
asleep.

I woke up, still in the chair.  It was strange that there was no
dried cum around even though I had cum a number of times during
the session. I didn't remember getting up to clean off.  If I had
done that, I would have gone to my regular bed.  It was also
strange that I could smell her on me.  Whatever this new drug
was, I liked it.

"Jessie, start my shower, fix me some breakfast and get me the
file on the Nemow ship that is coming in today."  "Yes Jim." she
said.  "I trust you slept well.".  "I did." I answered as I
headed toward the shower smiling.

After eating, I sat down to review the file.  The ship was from
the planet Nemow which was about 10 light years from Earth.  It
was inhabited by a race of women who could bare only girls.
Something in the planet's air caused this.  They made an annual
expedition to other planets to find men willing to return with
them as mates.  Rumor had it that no man had ever refused their
offer.  Other then that, there was very little in the file.  I
wondered what it was that could lure a guy so easily to go with
them. "Thanks Jessie.  You can return the file now.  I'll see you
later this evening."

When I got down to the hanger bay, I was advised that the ship
had arrived and was waiting for me to come aboard.  Their shuttle
was waiting to take me out to her.  I grabbed the paperwork and
jumped on the shuttle for the ride to the ship.  I thought it was
strange that no one from the ship had taken the shuttle into the
station prior to docking.  A glance at the paperwork showed that
they were returning to their planet and the station was their
last stop.

When the shuttle reached the ship, there was no one waiting to
take it to the station so they just secured it in the ship's
hanger bay.  I headed up to the bridge, escorted by two very good
looking women.  On the way there, I felt the ships impulse
engines start. Somewhat puzzled, I hurried along.  Only a docking
pilot was authorized to operate a ship this close to the station.
The captain of this ship was about to get a piece of my mind.

Entering the bridge, I could see the station receding in the
distance behind us.  "What the hell is going on here?  Where is
your captain?" I demanded.  A young officer looked up as she
quietly said "The captain ordered us to leave the station.  She
is waiting for you in her stateroom Sir.  It's the second door on
your right after you leave the bridge. Storming off the bridge, I
went to the Stateroom and burst in without even knocking. The
Captain was sitting in a high back chair with her back to me.
"Who the hell do you think you are?" I started to say as she
turned around to face me but I stopped in mid- sentence.  "Hello
Jim, I have been waiting for you.  Our quest is now complete." I
could say nothing as I stared at her, a gorgeous redhead with
eyes as deep and dark as the universe, twinkling like a night
sky.

I knew now why no man had ever refused them.
