                        QUICKIE PICKIE
                             by
                        Mark E. Dassad

***

Meaty.  Meaty Beatty Big and bouncy, oh mama the fuckin' monster in my
jams was jammin' to be slammin some pussy; white pink brown yellow hell
some fuckin bug-eye monster from outer space all a-tentacled and
oozing green pus...  I'da fucked it in whatever hole was appropriate,
hell I'da fucked it in inappropriate holes so long's it felt good.

Which is why I bagged the teeny-bopper bitch from behind the Burger
King.  Fuck, I really WAS sporting some demon bone, to bag some chicky
behind the fuckin dumpster at her goddamn job; she was just SO fine.
I'm crazy that way sometimes.

Takin' out the fuckin garbage, little polyester outfit, curly hair
squirting out from under her silly polyester hat.  She stank of fries;
she wouldn't screw the manager so he had her working the grill; cute as
hell, he liked humiliating her, the pimple-faced college-dropout
nineteen year-old loser.  Trying to bag high school babes, holding their
jobs over their poor naive little heads, what that asshole kiddy-popper
needed was a night in County playing June to some asshole's Ward.

Lisa oh Lisa my love.

Been watchin her for weeks scopin her routine glommin the schedule you
see, listening, drinking coffee, just some fucking bum some dragworm
some homeless piece a shit is what they thought is what I wanted them to
think.  Made her my girlfriend, I knew she could love love me true, if
she only knew me. 

She was SO fuckin' scared as I slithered up behind her from out of the
darkness over the edge stinkin' of where some bum had puked last night
some rancid puke stinking matte-haired wino asshole.

Never saw me comin', though she felt me comin' allright.


I _tried_ to calm her down.


"...sokay, Pretty Baby" I'd whispered in her ear as I pinned her
face-first against the metal dumpster... God I loved that film, I
wanted to nail Brooke shields _badly_ when I saw that movie, and then
her Calvin Klein commercials... I was humping the goddamn TV...

"'S Okay, I just need a few minutes..."  A cold night, the dumpster
was cold, I had to work quick...  I had her pants down her hips in a
matter of seconds, she'd only whimpered... I knew it, she really did
want me.  At least she didn't not want me.  The monster in my jockeys
was already drooling, anticipating the inside of my heroine's cunt...

"Please.... no. "  A pathetic little squeak.  She did want me, she
didn't know it is all...

"Feel my rod against your spine?"  Referring to the .38 pressed into
the small of her back... "Paraplegia certainly will make it easier not
to feel anything... next time..."

I waited, feeling her body quiver.

"no."  a helpless squeak.  I needed to hurry, her coworkers would
figure she was shirking if I didn't send her back inside soon with a
cavity full of my dick-snot.  Unzipped, feeling my love quiver at the
sound.  Pull her cheeks apart, her body shook in anticipation as I
plunged into her tight teen cunt; SO fucking dry.

A _virgin_.

No fucking shit I'd hit the fucking lotto, my first piece of virgin
pussy in all my years of baggin junior cunt, and it was payday, Bonanza
time on the Ponderosa.  My girlfriend Lisa bled like a sonofabitch she
gasped and cried out as I slammed her into the dumpster, metal mashing
her girl-tits flat.  I implored her to shut the fuck up stay cool be
quiet, with my dick halfway up my girl's pussy gun cocked at her temple. 

"Brace yourself bitch this is gonna be the fuckin pussy ride of yr
short life."

Banged her, drove it home.  Split her legs, tore her prime little
pussy in two.  Fuck man, the blood was ecstasy, iron perfume, felt it
running down her legs, it warmed my balls.  

Plunging, tight and hot into the cherry little hole, slick new skin
sliding tight like a Chinese finger puzzle pulling the grease out of
my dick as I drove it home drove it deep balls jerking squeezing out a
hot sticky jet of gonad goo coating her cunt walls as I screeched to a
halt, yanking my wilting wee-wee from her bloody pulsing pussy lips.

OH god it had been good I stroked the back of her neck with the cold
muzzle of my piece as I folded myself back up and zipped up.  One
quick lick of the barrel on her pussy, her soft gasping in the
aftershock of the best fuck of her short full life, couldn't help but
do her the favor of fucking her with the cold steel shaft, a short
pussy pistol-whip as she cried more loudly, the barrel of the
silencer not as big around as my dick but harder, more unyielding.

Fuck.


I'd been her first, I _had_ to be her last.


Squeezed off another load up into her belly watched her crackle at the
pop stroking her hair as she crumpled, slid to the ground, she needed to
swallow my load, and I happily obliged.  I shot into her again,
exploding in her mouth, disappeared into the shadows to _become_ the
stinking wino puke laden dumpster diva, diving for the shadows,
frightened old mick too far gone in brain cell loss to fathom what went
down or identify the man what done it. 

Lisa my LISA my love my only.




*end
