Archive-name: quiet-watch

Dedicated to my love, R.H.

Freshman year didn't start off very well.  Have you ever had an
Orthodox Jew for a roommate?  The number of restrictions he told me
about sounded like they would drive me crazy in 30 seconds.  Every
Saturday, he would be completely incapable of turning on any lights,
the television set, or even setting his alarm clock!  I would have to
do it for him.  Then there was Passover (thankfully not till Spring)
in which I would not be allowed to bring food into the room.  And
finally, there were girls, or rather, there weren't girls.  I was not
going to be allowed to have any girls spend the night.  That last
requirement didn't seem to be a problem at the time, since I didn't
know any girls on that first day, but it didn't take me long to meet
Margaret.

Margaret must have been the sexiest Freshman on campus, or at least I
thought so.  Part of what made her sexy was the way she looked -- very
fine dark hair that ran all the way down to her slim waist; a little
button nose that I always thought I had to kiss; and a general build
that was thin but strong -- she was an amateur ballet dancer in her
spare time.  Another part of what made her sexy was the way she
dressed.  It was very hot that September and other than tight shorts
or a short skirt, and a halter top or a too-small too-thin t-shirt,
she didn't wear much.  And she somehow managed to show off her belly
button no matter what her outfit was.

Margaret and I met in the section for English.  I'm actually a pretty
good looking guy, so the direct approach has usually worked for me.  I
asked her to meet me for lunch some time, and then for dinner, and
pretty soon dating.  Girls seem to take things fast at the beginning
of Freshman year, and it didn't take too much kissing and groping
before she had whispered in my ear "I want to fuck you."  I had
already had a hard on before she said that, and if possible it got
harder afterwards.

We were in the stacks of the library at the time, and I was willing to
do it right there if she was, but just then we heard footsteps.  I
quickly disengaged my hands from her nipples, and she pulled her shirt
back down (it was too tight to fall down by itself.)  The footsteps
turned out to belong to a librarian who wanted to reshelve some books
in the same aisle we were in.  The smirking librarian watched us
leave, and I have to admit I was pretty embarrassed.  I decided
against having sex in the library after all.

Margaret and I talked about where we should do it.  She wanted to do
it in my room, until I explained about my roommate.  Margaret had a
roommate too, a very conservative Japanese girl, Yoshiko, who had
never dated.  Surprisingly, when Margaret and Yoshi had talked about
having boys spend the night (the Resident Advisor suggested talking
about it on the first day), Yoshiko had said it was OK, as long as
Margaret and the boy didn't wake her.  We decided we would fuck, very
quietly, that night.  Margaret told me that Yoshi usually went to bed
around 11:00, and I should show up then.

I arrived just a few minutes early.  Margaret was alone in the room,
ready for bed.  She was wearing a long t-shirt which almost covered
her small silk panties.  After giving her a very long hello kiss, I
asked "Did Yoshiko find somewhere else to sleep tonight?"

"No, she's just gone to wash up.  When she comes back, we'll get into
bed and cuddle till she falls asleep, and then I'm very quietly going
to get on top of you and fuck your brains out.  Sound OK?"  Of course
it sounded OK.  My hard on from the afternoon came back.

Just then, Yoshiko returned to the room, carrying her toiletries
and wearing a demure white cotton nightgown that covered her from neck
to ankles.

"Hello.  You must be Dave."  She was staring at my hard on, and she
started to blush.  After an awkward moment when no one could think of
much to say, she said "I'm going to sleep now," pulling off the bed
spread and lying down.  It was a very hot evening, so she didn't cover
herself with a sheet.  Margaret turned the light off and got into bed.
I took off my shirt and shorts, and then noticed Yoshiko embarassedly
blushing and closing her eyes -- even with the lights off, the room
wasn't that dark because of a street light near the window and I
realized Yoshiko must have seen my hard on through my boxer shorts.  I
felt bad for a moment: I didn't want to embarrass Yoshi -- I just
wanted to fuck Margaret and there was no place else to do it.  Then I
looked at her face again, and I noticed that even though her eyes were
clenched tight, she had less an embarassed and more of a curious look
on her face.

What happened next was the worst part of the evening: cuddling with
Margaret for 20 minutes until Yoshiko was asleep, but without fucking.
The two of us got under a single sheet (it was far too hot for
anything more) and she held me in her arms, and started kissing me,
groping me, and rubbing me, but without letting me do anything more.
Every time I would try to put my hand between her legs, or to rub my
cock against her, she would whisper in my ear "Not yet -- wait till
Yoshi's asleep", and then she would give my balls a half-painful
half-pleasurable squeeze of punishment and reassurance.  But the feel of
her hands massaging my ass cheeks, even playing with my asshole (which
I had never had a girl do before), the touch of her fingers running
lightly across my back or gently pinching my nipples, was almost too
much and I was very glad when she whispered in my ear "OK, lover, I
think she's asleep."

She peeled off my underwear (I would have to search for it in the
morning) rolled on top of me, pulled off her own shirt, but not her
panties, and began to very slowly rub her silk covered cunt against my
cock.  If I tried to increase the speed, she would gently sit down on
my cock, stopping me entirely.  I watched her slow movements as her
ample (C-cup) breasts swayed over my face.  I reached up my head and
began to suck her left nipple, and she did nothing to stop me.  In
fact, she let out the smallest moan and slightly sped up her rubbing.  
I reached up with my other hand, and cupped her other breast,
massaging it gently and pulling softly on her nipple.  I began to pull
and suck harder and soon she let out a slightly larger moan.

Nervous, I looked over at Yoshiko in the other bed to make sure she
was still sleeping.  She was not!  I could see her lying there, her
eyes open, very still, very quietly watching us.  I was so embarassed.
But I was also so horny, with Margaret's cunt teasing my cock, her
left tit in my mouth and her right in my hand.  Margaret, meanwhile,
was getting more and more turned on.  She bent forward and whispered
in my ear "I'm almost ready."  She moved up slightly, pulling off her
panties and putting both breasts right in my face.  Then she moved
back down again and sat up so that her bare cunt was pressed against
the underside of my bare cock.  The sheet fell off, and she sat there,
beautifully naked, her large breasts hanging, her wet cunt wriggling
against my cock.  She slid gently back and forth, looking me right in
the face, enjoying this tease.  The sensation of a wet pussy against a
cock is one of the most pleasant and most unbearable I know of.  Every
motion is pleasure, and yet there is an overriding primal urge, a deep
seated knowledge in the pituitary or the testicles or somewhere that
if only my cock were in her cunt it would be 10 times better.  "Oh
God, please fuck me" I hissed through the near-darkness.

I don't think she could stand it any longer either.  She lifted
herself up, grabbed my cock, put the tip in her cunt-hole, and very,
very slowly sat down.  I closed my eyes tightly in pleasure and turned
my head to one side -- it felt too good too watch.  When I opened my
eyes again, I was staring straight at Yoshiko, still in bed, still
watching us.  But now, I thought I could make out through the darkness
the hardness of her brown nipples poking at the soft white cotton of
her nightgown.  I realized she was enjoying this.  I looked at her and
smiled, and she smiled back at me.

Margaret started to fuck me then, going up and down on my shaft,
squeezing my cock with her cunt.  I watched her go up and down -- she
would lift her self up slowly, higher and higher, until my cock almost
slipped out of her cunt, and then she would slide back down again.
Her beautiful breasts jiggled every time she switched direction, and I
again reached out one hand to play with them.  With the other hand, I
gently rubbed various parts of her body -- her arms, her thighs, her
feet, her back, her buttocks.

I turned again to look at Yoshiko.  I noticed that she was looking at
my cock.  As Margaret would lift up, most of my cock and balls would
become visible, and Yoshiko would watch closely.  I also noticed a
slight movement through her night gown: she was gently rubbing her
legs against each other.  I doubt she herself knew she was
masturbating -- she seemed more interested in looking at my cock.

Margaret and I continued fucking.  I wasn't sure I could hold out much
longer, and I was definitely glad Margaret was on top.  If I had been
on top, I would have given up at holding out, driven in a dozen hard fast
thrusts, and come.  But Margaret was pacing herself, speeding up
slightly, but not so much that I could come.

I heard a rustling from the other bed.  Yoshiko had gotten under her
cover, but was still watching us.  I wondered if she had realized that
I could see her nipples poking out.  And then, as I noticed what
looked like a hand moving underneath the sheet, I realized that sex
was contagious: Yoshiko was probably as turned on as we were by now.

The thought of Yoshi playing with herself, rubbing a delicate finger
through her soft pubic hair, over her clitoris, maybe even inside
herself, was too much for me.  I put both arms around Margaret,
held on tight, and flipped her over.  I grabbed both her breasts hard,
kissed her deeply, and began to fuck her at full speed.  I think she
had been waiting for this, because her breathing got much harder,
coming in gasps now.  

I lay on top of her, with my tongue in her mouth, my fingers on her
nipples, and her legs wrapped around my ass.  She reached down with
her sharp finger nails, and pushed and pulled me deep inside her.  On
the in strokes, her nails would dig into my ass, pain driving me as
deep as I would go.  On the out strokes, she would grab my buttocks,
pulling me out of her cunt, trying to quicken the pace.  In and out,
in and out we went, getting faster, breathing harder, pushing deeper.

At last, I don't think she could take it any more.  She pushed me in
again, one last time, harder and deeper, her legs pressing, her nails
digging hard into my ass, her cunt squeezing my cock in orgasm.  She
yelled "Oh God, Oh God" as she came, and I collapsed on top of her,
almost blacking out from the relief of my own orgasm.

As we lay in the darkness, holding and rubbing, I thought I heard a
soft stifled sigh from the other bed.
