Copyright 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





                            QVC Quims
                        by:  Studs Manly


     "Hi, I'm Judy, and I'm sure our regular viewers are wondering
why I'm wearing only this flimsy nightie and a pair of our popular
line of stockings.  Well, all the female hosts have received
requests over the years, not to mention proposals and propositions,
so most of us thought it would be fun to dress in these sexy
outfits.  I like to be a bit exhibitionistic as you can tell by my
stiff nipples and as you can see, my crotch is already soaking.
     "In a few minutes, I'm going to fuck myself with a crystal
dildo from our Crystal Fantasy Collection, but first I want to
introduce you to some familiar faces as you wanted to see them.
     "You recognize Daliza, I know, but not in this corset, I bet.
Hi, Daliza!  Wow, you look ready for a good time!"
     "Hi, Judy.  Yes, this is like the outfit I use at home.  As
you know, Mary Beth was too uptight to voluntarily go along with
this special show, so we 'volunteered' her to be tied to this table
here.  I'm going to use this crop on her later and we're offering
the crop at a special introductory price."
     "Daliza, I just love the way your breasts spill over the
bodice there.  And they feel so good.  Hmm, tastes yummy, too!"
     "Thanks, Judy.  Want to get together after the show?  Better
yet, how about during the Things To Make Your Life Horny segment?
One of the cameramen is going to let me play with his 10-inch cock.
I'll share it with you."
     "You bet!  Now, let's let the folks at home take a peek at
Mary Beth's prim pussy.  See, no teeth and no padlocks.  This crop
handle just glides right in that tight hole.  Hmm, her cunt cream
is good, too!  The bitch is a real slut.  I mean, just look at the
way she's eating Jane's pussy.  Hi, Jane!"
     "Hmmm . . . oh, Judy . . . just a sec . . . oh, I'm cumming in
your mouth, Mary Beth . . . ooh, suck my sweet sauce!"
     "And over here, locked together on the bed in a hot '69' are
Pat and Jill.  Hmm, they both have their mouths full, so we'll just
go over here where Toni has a strap-on dildo fucking Donna in the
ass.  Is she good, Donna?'
     "Oh, yes!  My husband is just too small and he doesn't last
long.  Toni really know how to fuck a browneye.   Ugh, give it to
me!"
     "Looks like she does.  Hi, Toni!  I guess you learned lots
about fucking doggie style by watching your pets, didn't you?"
     "You're right about that, Judy.  And I just want t compliment
you on your legs.  Think you might let me fuck that quim of yours
later?  Maybe during the Toys for Twats segment?"
     "Sure, you know me, just make sure it's long and thick!"

     "Now, as a special surprise, just a little later we're going
to choose one lucky viewer to come to our studio to get his cock
sucked by all of us, to fuck us and then cum on us.  I'm looking
forward to that because I just love the taste and feel of cum.
     "Which reminds me . . . behind this Japanese screen is our own
Jewish Princess, Kathy, doing what she loves best.  Letting herself
go!  Ta-da!  Mark is stuffing her butt, Bob's dick is in her pussy,
and David is keeping Kathy's mouth busy with his . . . ooh, nice,
big cock.  Dave, if Kathy doesn't spoil you for life, I'd like some
of that later."
     "Sure, Judy.  Hey, dip your fingers and let me have a taste of
the Crowell Cooze."
     "My pleasure . . oh, my clit is so hard!  Her, Dave, suck my
fingers.  Good, huh?  Let me remind everyone that later tonight,
some of The Weather Channel's hot bodies will be here to sell some
body oils.  Sharon will join me in modeling some stockings, then
Sharon and Jodi and Cheryl and I are going to have a four-way all-
girl fuck-and-suck orgy.  I just >love< those weather ladies, don't
you?
     "And don't forget that during the Whatever Fits show, we have
special guests from our northern neighbor, Canada.  Cynthia and
Charlene both will be here doing deep knee bends on some hard
cocks.  Hmm, I'm sure the folks at home will like to see how
Cynthia *really* works out everyday!  Not to mention how Charlene
can prick it!
     "Now, see this crystal dildo?  It's hand made, ten inches long
and . . . let me sit here ad spread my legs so you can watch how
easily it slips inside my horny little pussy.  Ohh, yes!  It's so
nice!  Can you see how wet I am?  I just love to play with my
pussy!  Let's go to the phones.  Hello?  This is Judy.  Who's
calling and do you like my pussy?"
     "Hi, Judy!  This is Jim from Louisville, and I love that
adorable little pussy of yours.  I have been your number one fan
for years, ya see, and I always spanked my monkey staring at your
gorgeous legs!"
     "Oh, Jim, aren't you sweet!  Are you beating your bishop now?"
     "Oh, I sure am, Judy.  I'm gonna shoot a big load all over my
TV screen in a minute."
     "Yeah, that's great, Jim, shoot that goo on me!  Have you got
a big dick, Jim?"
     "Nine inches of bona fide boner for you, Judy."
     "All right, Jim!  Oooh, let the camera get a close-up of how
I'm juicing around this dildo."
     "Judy, I would love to spend my vacation drinking your yummy
juices!"
     "Oh, Jim, that's so sweet.  Just for that, let's play a word
game.  Can you unscramble this word?  Your clue is:  "A term for
anal sex."  Hmm.  "A term for anal sex."  [ENCLHOOR flashes on
screen.]
     "Hmm, Judy, if I get it right, can I do it with you?"
     "Well, I like to suck a cock more than get it anally.  Maybe
Donna will do it."
     "'CORNHOLE!"
     "You got it, Jim!  Donna, will you bend over for Jim?"
     "Sure I will, Judy."
     "Jim, how about if we all watch?  And would you let Toni
bugger your butt as well?"
     "I sure don't mind if you gals watch, and Toni can get my anal
cherry anytime she wants."
     "Thanks for calling, Jim, and stay on the line so an operator
can arrange to send you an airline ticket.  Bye, now!"
     "Judy!?"
     "Yes, Daliza?"
     "I'm ready to demonstrate this crop on Mary Beth, now.  Pull
that dildo out of your cunt and get your ass over here!"
     "Yes, ma'am!"
     "Let Mary Beth lick the juice off that dildo, Judy."
     "Great idea!  The crystal is lead-free and non-toxic.  Our
Mary Beth sure loves pussy pudding, doesn't she, Jane?
     "She told me the other day that her husband has a tiny pecker
and she's only let him fuck her twice.  She got pregnant both
times.  You used to work with her at CVN, Judy.  Was she into slits
then?"
     "She and Linda George put on a show at one of the Christmas
parties."
     "All right, turn her over and get her positioned."
     "Yes, Daliza."
     "Go ahead, Pat, shove that blonde muff of yours into Mary
Beth's mouth.  Jill, take Judy's dildo there and walk around and
just stick it in any available hole in the room.  Knowing how horny
we ladies of QVC are, that should be any easy job."
     SWISH!  WHAP!  "Hmpf!"
     "Look at the way Mary Beth's ass wiggles after that strike!"
     "Ooh, nice red welt on that pale cheek, Daliza.  She needs a
matching stripe on the other cheek, though."
     "I agree, Judy.  Here, diddle my cunt while I work."
     SWISH!  WHAP!
     "When we come back from this break, we're going to have another
special surprise for you.  Stay tuned!"


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


