Archive-name: Family/fam-play.txt
Archive-author: Anonymous
Archive-title: Family that "Plays" together


The following story contains scenes of homo- and heterosexual incest involving
young children. (The first part has none of this, because it only sets the
scene for the rest.) If any of this displeases you, you have been warned, so
you can avoid it.

(Anonymous)

PART 1.

Joe and Betty Williams had a "normal" family, to all intents and purposes. There
were the usual occasional arguments over petty things, which quickly got forgot-
ten, but theirs was a loving family, mostly doing the normal things that fami-
lies in the suburbs do. 

Joe was an engineer, with a job in another suburb, a short distance away. Betty
was a part-time receptionist, part-time so she could do some of the housewifely
things like making breakfasts and dinners and so keep close to their children,
and yet make a little money so they could afford that suburban house they had.

Joe and Betty had been married almost 20 years, and had three children, Mark, 
Sharon, and Timmy. Mark was 17, getting ready to go to college; Sharon was 12, 
beginning to look more like a woman than a little girl; and Timmy, the 
nine-year-old, was still the cute kid, curious about the world but rather 
passive.

Yes, this was a normal, almost dull, family. None of the kids ever got into
serious trouble at school - sometimes one of them failed to do some homework
and was criticized for that, but none was a part of the "bad crowd" that 
you sometimes hear about. Joe and Betty didn't worry about their marriage -
they loved each other, and while sometimes they'd see these articles with
titles like "Put Some Spice into Your Marriage," neither of them ever thought
to try any of the things in there. 

But this year their lives were going to change. None of them were going to be
the same after the events of this year - not Joe and Betty, not Mark, nor 
Sharon, nor even young Timmy. The family would soon be held together by some
secrets that none of them dared spread outside the family circle, and yet all
of them knew that, though outsiders would never understand, they were still a
happy family, in fact happier in some sense, for all these things.

PART 2.

One day, after Timmy and Mark came home from school and went to their rooms, 
(Sharon had a friend she was visiting, Joe was still at work, and Betty was 
out shopping) Timmy suddenly remembered that he'd lent Mark a pen, and went
to Mark's room to get it back. Although Mark had told Timmy to knock before
breezing into his brother's room, Timmy was so intent on getting his pen
back that he forgot. He saw Mark lying on the bed, with his pants and under-
pants down to his ankles, pumping hard on himself. Mark jumped when Timmy 
opened the door and started to pull the covers over his half-naked body, and
Timmy asked Mark, "What are you doing?" Mark answered, "Little boys like you
shouldn't see this stuff!" Timmy responded, "If it's so much a secret, I
really want to know. Tell me, or I'll ask Dad about what you're doing!" Mark
said, "No, don't do that. OK, I'll tell you. One of my friends, Richie, showed
me this neat thing a couple of years ago. If you do it right, it feels so good,
I've been doing it every day since then. But I don't think little kids like
you can get it to do much. But please, don't tell on me!"

Timmy said, "If it feels so good, show me how!" Mark protested that it probably
wouldn't work for Timmy, but between Timmy's pleading and threatening, Mark 
finally gave Timmy a demonstration. When he climaxed, Mark's whole body shook, 
and Timmy saw this white stuff come out in a big squirt that he'd never seen
before. Mark explained that he'd heard in biology class in school that when this
stuff got into a woman, that was how babies were made, and he'd heard that one
of his classmates had gotten a girl pregnant by squirting it inside her, so he 
didn't ever want to try that trick, but he heard that a lot of boys and girls
get so much fun doing it that way that they don't do it alone the way Mark did,
but Mark had never tried anything than using his hands that way.

Timmy said, "I want to try that! If it feels so good when you do it, I want to
do the same thing!" Mark said it probably wouldn't be as good, but if Timmy 
wanted to try, he should pull down his pants and underpants and lie down on
the bed next to Mark. Timmy complied, and Mark played with Timmy's organ a
while. Mark never thought Timmy would enjoy it as much, but Timmy's shaft got 
stiff quickly, and Mark himself got pleasure just handling Timmy's hairless
organ. Timmy, of course, couldn't really ejaculate, but he had such a good 
feeling that he told Mark "Gee! Now I can see why you do that every day!"

Mark was surprised. He knew that for him, the best feel came right at the
end when he squirted all that white stuff out, but Timmy never did that and
he still liked it. Mark said to Timmy, "Well, you can do it to yourself, like
what I was doing, but you know, I liked doing it to you. If you keep it as
our big secret, we can do it to each other together. But nobody else can
find out -- they might stop us. Richie told me his Dad caught him one day
and really punished him."

Timmy replied, "Sure -- our big secret. I don't want anybody to give us trouble,
and I don't see why Richie's Dad was so upset, but I can keep a secret, 
especially when I know that telling it might make ME have to stop!"

Timmy had forgotten all about the pen. That night, Timmy did it all by himself 
the first time. But whenever Mark and Timmy were alone and they had enough time
together before someone was due home, they now had a secret session giving each
other pleasure. Two brothers were never so close as Mark and Timmy had become on
their secret.

PART 3.

Timmy was very careful never to talk about the pleasure sessions he had with
his brother Mark. After all, he remembered Mark's warning: "Nobody else can
find out -- they might stop us. Richie told me his Dad caught him one day
and really punished him." So one night he was very badly shaken. He was in bed
beating off when his Dad came in. Timmy has not been feeling too well that day
and Joe was just in there to check on him. He actually came in the room and
stayed there a few seconds to let his eyes adjust to the darkness, while
Timmy was so oblivious to what was happening around him (He was getting so
much pleasure from his own hand!) that he didn't see Joe come in. Since it was
a cool night, he was doing it under the covers, so all Joe saw was the up and
down movement of the cover, but Joe could figure out what was going on. After
all, before he'd married Betty, he'd spent a lot of time doing the same thing.
But Joe was faced with a problem. If he said anything then, Timmy might be so
badly shocked that who knows what would happen. And as soon as Timmy was
finished, he'd soon realize Joe was in the room. While Joe was trying to figure
out what to do, Timmy suddenly spotted his Dad in the room and stopped abruptly,
trying to make it look like he hadn't been doing what he had. He remembered
Mark's story about Richie's Dad. 

But Joe wasn't like Richie's Dad. He told Timmy, "Well, you are obviously 
feeling better, In fact, you look like you've been having some fun there. You 
don't need to stop on my account." "I don't?!?" "No, I know all boys do it. I 
certainly did it myself when I was younger!" Timmy sighed a sigh of relief. 
But the mood was broken -- he found it hard to get back to it, and quit.

Joe was a bit disturbed, but not because Timmy was doing what every boy of a
certain age range does. He was disturbed because he'd developed a fabulous
erection just looking at Timmy and thinking about what had been going on under
the covers. But Joe wasn't gay -- he had certainly been able to make a family
with three children, including the blond angelic nine-year-old in that bed in
front of him. And he certainly wasn't a child molester -- he wanted no part of
anything that did harm to this kid, his son, that he loved so much. Yet it could
not be denied that he had an erection from watching his son play with himself,
even without seeing the action itself. All he could do was say to Timmy, "You
don't have to be afraid of me," and leave the room. Then he went into the
bathroom and did something he hadn't done in many years, while he'd thought
Betty was all he needed. But it wasn't Betty, or any other woman, that he was
thinking about. It was Timmy.

PART 4.

That night, Betty was for some reason particularly eager for sex. Joe tried
to oblige her, but after having just jacked off thinking about Timmy, he was
not able to carry it off. Betty was concerned, and said to Joe,

"Are you feeling OK?"

"Yes; I'm just not in the mood."

"But you're never 'not in the mood'! Is there something I should know about?"

"N-n-n-o, honey."

"You hesitated a long time there. Is there something going on?"

"What are you driving at?"

"Well, Alice next door told me she found out that Hank was fooling around with
another woman. She confronted him today, and he admitted it and they may be
getting a divorce. I was so happy I had a 'good' husband, but now I wonder..."

"Betty, there IS no 'other woman'!" He was being totally honest -- Timmy 
certainly was no woman! But this -- homosexuality, and homosexual incest even --
was worse, wasn't it? Joe's mind was turning over and over. 

Little did he know that "incest" -- not homosexual, though -- was on Betty's
mind too. She'd been watching Mark work out that afternoon, and seeing him with 
those big muscles wearing only a pair of gym shorts had really turned her on. 
It was while trying to forget what Mark was inadvertently doing to her down 
below that she'd gotten so hot -- she really couldn't be feeling those feelings
for her own son, could she? But she was trying to transfer those thoughts to Joe
and that was why she was so frustrated. She went off to sleep....

Betty was doing a strip tease in front of Mark. First she wiggled slowly, 
sensuously, out of her bright red slacks, then she unbuttoned her blouse, 
pausing after each button was undone, to give off a seductive wiggle. When all 
the buttons were undone, she slowly took off first one sleeve, slipping it off 
her arm, then the other. Next came the panty-hose, even more slowly and 
sensuously. Finally, off came the bra, and she was showing her own naked body to
her teenaged son. She beckoned him over and offered him a nipple to suck on, 
and ...

The alarm went off! She had been dreaming this incestuous dream. It was now HER
turn to be wondering what to make of her thoughts. But Joe had just gotten up,
and Betty had to make him some breakfast.

PART 5.

Betty wasn't the only one who was thinking of Mark as a hunk. Sharon, his young
sister, also had some thoughts on her mind that were making her insides turn to
water. The boys her own age that she knew in school were so immature and nerdy,
she thought; big, muscular Mark is the kind of boy she'd want if he weren't her
brother. And she decided that, even though he was her brother, she had to 
respond. Though she hadn't yet developed a real body, she figured out that she
had a few curves and if she wore very tight jeans and blouses, that would show
enough of a shape that Mark might notice. That night she put that theory to the 
test. She went into Mark's room on the pretext of needing to borrow a stamp, 
dressed as seductively as she could manage. Mark was working out, as he did 
almost every evening. Sharon put on a show, wiggling as she walked, and Mark 
could not possibly fail to notice. Sharon could see that his shorts were showing
a bulge in the front that she'd heard was a sign a boy was interested. When he 
stopped his exercises to find a stamp for her, Sharon sort of brushed her rear 
against the front of Mark's gym shorts as she passed by him. And that was 
finally more than Mark could resist. He put his hand on Sharon's shoulder, 
pulled her around, and gave her a kiss - not the kind of kiss a brother usually 
gives a sister, but a real kiss on the mouth, with a real passion. That was the 
last straw for Sharon. She grabbed her brother and they both kissed hard and 
passionately for minutes.
     That was only the start. As they were kissing, Sharon groped for the 
elastic on Mark's gym shorts and pulled them down. Mark in turn undid the belt 
on Sharon's tight jeans and soon both of the teenagers were nude from the waist 
down. They flopped dowen on Mark's bed and Sharon put her head next to Mark's
by now fully-erect organ to get a close look. Mark meanwhile was looking at his
sister in the same way and both, almost at the same instant, got the same ideas.
Each one clutched the other's arse amd pulled the other's body toward a waiting
mouth. Sharon started licling the head as soon as it was in range; Mark had to 
get closer so he could put his tongue on his sister's lower lips. They explored
each other with their tongues for only a minute or so before Mark started to
shoot. Sharon didn't expect that and she got a load of white cream all over her
face, and just as she involuntarily pulled back, she too had her orgasm. Both
bodies twitched in pleasure. 
     In the middle of all this, Timmy, who had been hearing some strange moaning
sounds from the door, opened it a little way so he could peer in and see what 
was happening. At first he didn't understand what was going on, but he soon fig-
ured out that if a hand "down there" could feel so good, maybe a tongue could 
too. But he was too good a brother to interrupt right then while Sharon and Mark
were having so much fun. Instead he closed the door and went quietly back to
his room. He would be talking to Mark (and Sharon too, but separately) about 
that when he got his chance. Of that he was very sure!

--
