Archive-name: Family/fam-room.txt
Archive-author: Mark E. Dassad
Archive-title: Family Room, The


New story, old topic, these latest ones are for my sixth grade gym
teacher who liked the attention from all thos 11 year old girls, the
perv 8) Fun things to fantasize, not an endorsement, and all that.

this means:
Incest, Father Daughter, exhibitionism, definitely consenting, and not
only that, proof-read and subject to a few re-writes.

In case you're not interested a thoughtful "^L":

(C) 1993  Mark E. Dassad.    May be reproduced and  redistributed
    un-edited and  un-altered in electronic format for NON-PROFIT
    ONLY  with this notice intact.  The author reserves the right
    to sell paper copies at huge profit to the disconnected.  Any
    other use constitutes fraud, and you'll be hunted down like a
    dawg and violated if you violate this. Okay you can fix typos,
    but only if you send me corrections.


			   The Family Room

Curled next to him on the couch reading some new novel, a teen romance
from the school library.  Her appetite for them seems insatiable to
him as he peers sidelong at her over the top of his reading glasses,
pretending to read the paper as he stares possessively at her long
tanned legs, so smooth and brown, stretching sideways away from his
body, out from under one of his t-shirts that she has adopted as a
nightgown; he smiles as he watches her, lost in her book, twirling one
long brown strand of hair around the end of her finger, brushing the
soft ends across her mouth, her shoulder resting soft and warm against
his elbow his penis longs to feel more of her young body snuggled
against him, it is still so eager to explore the blossoming fruit of
her loins, so recently unfolding before it's very eye...

The brother is lying face down on the floor at their feet, absorbed in
some television program involving lots of grinding metal and squealing
tires and machine gun fire, a reward for finishing his homework and
helping clean up after dinner. The little sister has been packed off to
bed an hour ago, already asleep.  

He enjoys these times with the children, he has grown accustomed to
the empty spot in his bed since _She_ left them, a long time ago now,
he thinks, almost a year.  And the girl, the delightful creature so
warm and soft, so close... she has become a welcome comfort...

He rustles his newspaper on the pretext of turning the page; really,
he wants the girl's attention, and she does not disappoint, she turns
her head to look up at him, hair poised in mid-stroke across her lip
he smiles down at her and rests the paper in his lap to pet her soft
silky locks, running his arm down the side of her body, her exposed
skin cool to his touch she snuggles against him closing her book,
tossing it lightly onto the brother's back.

"Hey!"  the brother does not turn to look at the two figures on the
couch, merely twists, irritated, shrugging the book onto the floor,
shouts at the TV as the bad guys apparently are gaining the
advantage...

She smiles up at him again, a smirking, mischievous grin, giggles
softly, snakes a delicate hand under the newspaper.  He moans softly
as his penis swells expectantly, hugs her closer to him, sliding his
hand down the smooth cool length of her hip, stroking possessively
running his rough worn hand down the side of her firm young calf,
marvelling at the feminine combination of strength and delicateness;
she reaches her other hand into the space between his back and the
couch, and he moans softly -- she giggles wickedly and slips her hand
lower, down into the back of his sweatpants, tickling his buttocks,
wiggling a slender finger into the crack of his ass, stroking the hair
between his cheeks, somehow always freshly amazed at how hairy he is.

Unable to suppress a grunt of pleasure he is thankful the television
is so loud, the boy so engrossed...  He would have to admit he enjoys
this wicked game they have played almost nightly since finally
consummating their forbidden lust, pushing each other to gasp and
betray their sexual arousal in front of one or the other of her
younger siblings...  He strokes his hand up the back of her legs,
pushing up the back of her t-shirt -- his day-old t-shirt; she has
been swiping them from his laundry, she says they smell of their
passion and remind her of him when she is alone in bed after his
visits...

Her buttocks are fully exposed to the lewd attention of his roaming
hand, should little brother happen to turn around from his program,
but he watches even the commercials, and it is her turn to gasp as his
strong warm hand cups her left cheek she nestles half-prone, snuggling
comfortably against his side; he barely manages to suppress a childish
giggle as she sticks her tongue out at him, whispering ribald
suggestions as his thick fingers push down between her buttocks,
groping forward to brush at the downy fuzz sprouting on her plump
young pussy.

She increases the intensity of her own groping under cover of
newspaper, slipping her hand into the privacy of his pants boldly
grasping the stiff hard flesh sprouting from his hairy bush; they are
now whispering and giggling, grunting and pawing at each other's
genitals; writhing in the beginnings of a bold passion he has turned
to face her, the newspaper cast to the carpet his monstrous erection
making a tent of the front of his sweats she has crawled into his lap
and is rotating her pussy around the head of his prick, exulting in
the feel of rubbery hard flesh pressing soft fleece against her
throbbing clit, the fat head of his penis pushing hungrily, eagerly,
at the opening of her young cunt she is staining the soft fabric with
her slippery wet juices pre-cum oozing from the eye of his prick
soaking through from the other side she sucks hungrily at his mouth,
pulling at his lower lip the stiff bristles of his moustache tickling
her nose, moving upward to slip her tongue along the roof of his
mouth, he thrusts his own tongue wetly back back against hers, licking
and sucking at her face their tongues intertwine their hands roam
frantically he gropes the front of her body through flimsy cotton
jersey, plucking and grasping at the barely noticeable swelling around
her plump nipples, she yanks up his t-shirt to run her fingers through
the dense gray hair covering his firm chest, basking in his utter
*maleness*, revelling in his *adulthood*...

He reaches behind her buttocks, pulling up the shirt that has slipped
down around her hips to cover her nakedness, brushes a thick rough
finger gently against the tight little sphincter of her anus and she
moans softly, lifting herself up on her knees, straddling his lap,
reaching down between their undulating bodies their mouths still
interlocked she pulls at the front of his sweatpants --- his cock
springs free and before he is aware of what is happening she has
mounted him --

He moans, loudly, grunting feverishly as he feels her impossibly tight
young pussy sliding hotly down onto his thick shaft working her strong
muscle her vagina grips him tightly, pulling and stroking him
continuously as she slides down onto him he groans, a jolt of pure
electric pleasure travelling up and down the length of his cock as the
head of his penis presses against the opening to her young womb, her
smooth cool buttocks slapping against the hot hairy top of his
thighs...


Suddenly, awkwardly aware of his sounds of animal pleasure echoing
around the quiet room.


They turn toward the blank gray television set, gaze uncomfortably at
the boy who is seated cross-legged in the middle of the floor staring
wide-eyed at the couch where his sister is straddling his father's lap
her hands on his shoulders, the t-shirt around her hips not quite
hiding the sight of the fat cock planted firmly in her cunt, spreading
wide her pussy lips

The girl stares intently at her little brother, licking her lips
wickedly, staring fixedly at the noticeable hard-on poking at the
front of little brother's pajama bottoms.  She giggles fiendishly at
him, he is only a year beneath her in school, but to her he is the
little brat, and slowly, sensuously, still staring at her brother, she
raises her hips, her father's cockhead sliding away from the entrance
to her womb she begins to ride the prick embedded in her twat -- the
father has closed his eyes, unable to resist the pleasure of his
daughter's body and the two laugh wildly, uncontrollably, he lifts his
hips up off the couch to stab up into her young body as she lowers her
hips towards his arching prick --

The boy sits transfixed, watching for a long moment as the two bodies
meet in mid-air, undulating in an accelerating, animalistic fucking
frenzy.  His small young cock is straining against the fly of his thin
cotton pajamas and he races from the room red-faced, angry at being
laughed at, confused at the sensations the sight of their copulating
has aroused in his own body...

The girl turns her attention back to the man whose cock she is sitting
on, and she begins to ride her father hard, sliding up and down along
the length of teh meat that is lustily prying open the intimate
delights her young loins encompass -- her leg muscles are young and
strong and she bobs the lower half of her body in a furious rhythm,
meeting her father's upward thrusts in a violent mid-air collision.

She cannot help but cry out as waves of pleasure rise in her groin
from the pressure on her clit the pleasure building deep inside her
belly where the head of his prick is causing cascading waves of
ecstasy she twists her hips, finding that special spot for his
cock-head to probe her passion grows in fury her cries resemble the
wild noise of a rutting beast he is moaning nearly as loudly, grunting
wildly as with each successive traversal of the penis in her vagina
she works her interior muscles, milking and stroking the hard muscle
that he is pounding wetly between her legs

The father is lost in his own pleasure, clutching his daughter tightly
against his chest, longing to feel her smooth nakedness against him
there is no stopping this thing they have started there is no energy
left to dis-robe her there is no part of his brain not overcome with
raw pleasure he cannot contemplate the consequences of their blatant
exhibitionism he can only thrust up into his beautiful young daughter,
harder and more lustfully as she works his cock with her pussy
muscles, their cries of lusty pleasure have become one voice and he
can only thrust violently upward, spearing into her, his single goal
in life to spew his seed up into her delicious, tight young cunt,
exult in the sensation of the downy softness of her pretty pink mound
as it sliding along his hairy belly in their reckless union.

Moaning, gasping, sweaty and exhausted, hoarse from their loud
declarations of their passion, he believes he feels her pussy spasm
against the surging pistoning length of his cock clutching at his
shaft in violent orgasm he is too caught up in the pleasure coursing
the length of his penis as he humps upward to be much aware of what
she is experiencing... by the grin spreading across her face he is
quite certain though that she enjoys it as much as he and he pumps his
hips up off the couch his cock swelling, filling her completely
spreading her to near-splitting his balls jerk and dance in their sack
as their jism rumbles franticly surgin the length of his shaft spewing
out the tip of his prick sloshing wetly against the entrance of her
immature womb dribbling out around his softening prick... 

he humps more slowly, more gently, still hugging her against him as
their bodies at last come to rest, exhausted, a tangled heap of sweat
and body fluid lying crookedly exhausted on the couch in the family
room.

They lie quietly together for a while, stroking each other in the warm
afterglow of passion, though it is getting late, and they will both
have to rise early, she to catch the bus that she and little brother
and sister ride to the elementary school where she is in the sixth
grade, he to make the long tiring commute to the City.

She rises slowly, his soft prick slipping from inside her, the t-shirt
falling down around her hips as she reluctantly pulls herself off of
his lap and away from the wet remains of their love-making, away from
the incredible memory of pleasure now only suggested by his soft limp
prick lying exposed between his legs, his sweatpants around his hips.

"I guess I better go to bed."

She glances sadly at him as he reclines, exhausted, leaning
contentedly back in the couch.

"There's room for you in my bed... if you want."

Her brilliant smile lights his heart as he watches her skip off to the
master bedroom down the hall.

--
