(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: FAM_FUN.TXT
Title: Family Fun
Author: Eros




                               FAMILY  FUN
                                (by EROS)

                                Chapter 1

       Tina  Simpson moaned softly into her husband's mouth as he skinned
    the tight, silk panties she was wearing down over her  slim,  girlish
    hips.   She had been looking forward to this since lunchtime when she
    began to get the familiar, unmistakable urge for sex.   It  had  been
    hell  at  work,  trying  to stop herself staring at every tight, male
    bulge that walked past, and her pussy had been  wet  and  tingly  all
    afternoon.

       Now  a  young-looking  thirty-four,  Tina  had  always been a very
    highly sexed woman, even in her teens.  This had of course  attracted
    many  boyfriends,  but  only  her  husband,  Dave  had  been  able to
    regularly satisfy her lustful cravings.  They were two peas in a pod,
    and sex between them had always been fast, furious and frequent.

       "Are you sure the kids are asleep, Dave?" whispered Tina, wrapping
    her long, slim fingers around her husband's rapidly lengthening cock.

       "Yeah, don't worry honey." he replied, squeezing her breasts  with
    one  hand.   "John  went  to  bed  hours  ago. He's got that big game
    tomorrow, he'll be dreaming about the big touchdown by now, babe."

       Tina pulled gently up and down on his  stiff  joint,  rubbing  her
    thumb up over the fat, purple head.

       "What  about Julie?" she moaned as his hands caressed her tingling
    flesh.

       "Julie's light was on, but you know how she  always  falls  asleep
    reading.   Right  now honey, all I'm interested in is this hot little
    pussy of yours"

       Opening her thighs, Tina let his other hand have  free  access  to
    her  cunt  and  moaned loudly as his fingers cupped her sex, slipping
    inside the tight, juicy slit with practiced ease.

       "Mmmmmmmm!  Yeah, that feels so  good!",  murmured  Tina,  as  she
    hunched  her  slick  pussy  up  around her husband's fingers. "Ooooh,
    Dave, I need fucking so  badly!   Don't  waste  too  much  time,  I'm
    already wet!"

       Indeed  she  was..   as  soon as Dave's fingers entered his wife's
    flooded pussy, a veritable  stream  of  warm,  fragrant  cunt  juices
    bathed   his   hand   and  her  fluttering  vaginal  muscles  nibbled
    delightfully at his fingers.

       "Jesus Christ, baby you're hot!....  and  your  pussy's  so  wet!"
    Dave  whispered,  inserting  a  third  stiff  digit  into  his wife's
    quivering hole.

       "Fuck me then!  Stick it in and fuck me hard!  I  want  your  big,
    fat cock baby!"

       Tina  rolled  onto  her  back  and  spread  her  legs, pulling her
    husband's  rigid  prick  into  her  seething  snatch  like  a   woman
    possessed.   Spurred on by Tina's obvious desperate need, Dave wasted
    no more time in driving his huge  cock  into  the  tender,  delicate,
    hungering  flesh  of  his  wife's cunt.  Her long, tapered legs swept
    higher, capturing her husband's powerful body, her heels locked  just
    above the crack of his ass, giving her the added leverage she needed.

       Dave  felt  the  walls  of his wife's pussy spread apart, moulding
    around his invading cock like a glove as he slid easily into her, his
    mighty shaft impaling her hot little snatch until his balls  came  to
    rest against her pinkly puckered asshole.

       "Arhhhhhhgghhh!   Jesus!   Oh,  God  you're hot and sweet baby" he
    gasped, as her clinging flesh enveloped his prick.

       "FUCK!  OOOOOOH, DO IT!  FUCK ME, BABY!" whimpered Tina,  screwing
    herself  urgently  up against him so that her clit rubbed deliciously
    against the shaft of his cock.

       Dave braced himself with both hands and pulled out of  his  wife's
    sucking  hole,  only  to plow back down into her tightness again with
    added force, thrusting in and out with all his strength.

       "OH!  OOHH!  FUCK, YES!  That's it!  Throw that hot pussy up at me
    baby!" he grunted, ramming his thick cock into her  eagerly  upthrust
    twat.

       Tina  bucked  her  ass  up  off the bed in time with Dave's savage
    thrusts,  moaning   with   pleasure   at   each   deep   penetration.
    "Unnnnnggghhh!   Ohhhhh!   Fuck!   Oh,  baby!  That it!  Yes, harder!
    OHHHH, YESSSSS!" she squealed.  Both husband and wife were completely
    engrossed in their energetic lovemaking, oblivious to all  but  their
    own bodies in their frantic search for sexual release.


                                Chapter 2.

       Dave had been quite wrong when he had assumed that their  children
    were  all  asleep.  In fact, Julie, their youngest daughter was still
    wide awake. At fourteen, Julie was the baby of the  family,  a  slim,
    pretty  brunette  with  a compact little body and tits that any fully
    grown woman would be proud of. She had been reading in bed,  but  the
    storyline was beginning to bore her a little so she decided to go get
    a midnight snack from the refrigerator.

       Stepping  into  the  corridor,  Julie  began to tiptoe towards the
    kitchen, careful not to wake the rest of the household at  this  late
    hour.  As  she did so, a muffled noise caught her ear.  It was coming
    from her parent's room down the hall, and sounded  like  someone  was
    moaning  in  pain. Concerned that something was wrong, the young girl
    turned and hurried towards the source of the strange sounds.

       As she moved closer, the noise became louder,  until  Julie  could
    clearly  make  out  the  sound  of muted voices, voices punctuated by
    peculiar groans. A naughty shudder of  adolescent  curiosity  alerted
    the  young  teenager's  senses  as  she  stopped outside her parent's
    bedroom.  There it was again, louder this time. Julie stepped  nearer
    and pressed her ear against the door.

       "Dave...Oh  God  ...OooohHhhh.. Yessss Dave, Fuck me!....  Harder!
    ..Unngh!" It was her mother's voice and it was obvious what they were
    doing. Julie continued to listen with bated breath, letting  the  air
    seep from her lungs when she could no longer contain it. Suddenly her
    father's  deep, throaty baritone drifted through to her from the room
    within. "Yes! Jesus, honey, throw that gorgeous cunt to me like  that
    and I'll fill it full of hot, thick cum!"

       Julie's heart skipped a beat and her young cunt moistened  at  the
    sound  of  her  father's  obscene suggestion. She knew what the words
    meant, but this was the first time she had heard them used with  such
    profound  feeling.   It  made her pussy crawl. Julie's pulse began to
    quicken as the sounds of the  salacious  dialogue  etched  themselves
    permanently  on  her impressionable young mind. She simply had to see
    for herself. Kneeling before the door, Julie peeked  eagerly  through
    the keyhole.

       She gasped aloud. The sight that greeted the excited young  girl's
    eye literally took her breath away. Her mouth became suddenly dry and
    her  heart  thumped  in her chest as she gaped at the incredibly lewd
    scene before her. Julie had a completely, unhampered view of the  bed
    where  her parents lay.  Both were stark naked.  Her mother was lying
    on her back in the middle of the bed with her legs raised and  spread
    widely,  her slender calves locked tightly around her husband's waist
    as he pumped his huge, thick organ into her quivering belly.

       Julie gasped again as she caught sight of her father's long  stiff
    shaft sliding in and out between her mother's widely spread cuntlips.
    She  could  see  its  throbbing  length  glistening with her mother's
    juices as it moved in and out  like  some  great  piston.  It  looked
    absolutely  enormous!  She  had  seen her father's cock several times
    before, but it was always much smaller, never like this. She couldn't
    believe  it!  The  incredible  size  of  her   fathers   prick   sent
    unexplainable  shivers  though  her awakening pussy, as she stared at
    it, totally enthralled, like a tiny mouse hypnotized by a snake.

       With every stroke, it withdrew until even the fat bloated tip  was
    visible, before suddenly pumping down again into her mothers' bucking
    cunt.   How  could  she take such a huge thing without it tearing her
    asunder?  Yet, Julie could see that her mother was obviously enjoying
    it  immensely!   The  young  teenager  was   confused...    extremely
    excited...  but equally confused. Although she wasn't sexually active
    yet,  Julie  wasn't a virgin either. Last summer, she had let Russell
    Miller go all the way in the woods off Park Road on  their  way  home
    from  school.   Russ was tall and handsome and sixteen, and Julie had
    had a crush on him for some time.


                                Chapter 3.

       When  Russ  had  kissed  her,  Julie's  legs  simply melted and it
    wasn't long before he had her pants around her ankles  and  his  cock
    in  her  virgin  cunt.  It  had  hurt  at  first, but just as she was
    starting to enjoy it, Russ had pulled out and sprayed her belly  with
    white,  sticky  cum. She'd thought Russell's cock had been big at the
    time, but now, looking at her father's mighty organ, she  knew  she'd
    been wrong.

       Her  young  voluptuous  body  had  unconsciously  begun to prickle
    sensuously, reviving all of the  excitement  she  took  such  careful
    precautions to hide whenever the rest of the family was around. Julie
    stared  through the tiny hole, and watched the muscles on the insides
    of her mother's lightly tanned thighs flex tightly as she thrust  her
    ravenous  cunt  up  to  absorb  the  full  length  of  her  husband's
    blood-engorged prick.

       As she stared open-mouthed, her father's glistening  cock  stabbed
    repeatedly  in  and  out  of  her  mother's creamy hole in rapid-fire
    succession, causing Julie to whimper softly  in  passionate  empathy.
    Her  mother  began  to  moan  loudly,  mouthing  filth  at  her lover
    again.... exciting filth that Julie's young ears  wanted  desperately
    to hear....

      "Unnnhhh!  Unnnhh!  Fuck  meee!  Yes, fuck me hard you big bastard!
    Christ, what a cock! Jesus I love your cock! Uhhhhhggggghhhh!" Spasms
    of erotic sensation rippled through the precocious fourteen year  old
    as  she continued to watch, glued to the incredible scene. One of her
    hands drifted up to caress the plump, roundness of her young tits  as
    she  watched  and  listened  to the provocative sounds of her parents
    fucking.

      Her other hand crept down under the waistband of her panties to the
    prominent mound  of  her  pussy,  and  began  to  stroke  the  moist,
    adolescent slit.  She had been masturbating since she was twelve, and
    knew  exactly how to get the most pleasure from her horny little hole
    once it was aroused. First, she ran a finger between the lips of  her
    slit to moisten it, then rubbed the liquid in and around the folds of
    her  cunt  until  it  was all slippery. Then she took her clit gently
    between  two  fingers  and  rubbed  it  lightly,  thrilling  at   the
    delightfully lewd sensations it sent through her easily excited young
    cunt

       Though  she  had experienced intercourse only the one time, it was
    enough to give her knowledge of the delights of sex,  and  she  began
    to  wish  desperately  that she had a boy with her now. She wanted to
    fuck! She wanted to feel a  cock  inside  her  again!   "Mmmmmmuhhhh!
    Ungggggghhhh!  Ummmmmmmmmm!"  moaned  Julie,  probing  a second stiff
    finger deep into her drooling pussy, trying to imitate the rigid cock
    she so desperately desired. "Ooooh, Russ! Daddy!...   Anybody!...  ",
    she  whispered,  her  wide  young  eyes  glued to the junction of her
    mother's frothy, pink-lipped cunt, and her father's pistoning prick.

       The youngster's hips writhed  and  twisted  as  she  finger-fucked
    herself to the rhythm of her parent's noisy coupling, moving her cunt
    in  tight,  sharp  little circles as she had when Russ had jammed his
    stiff young prong deep into her virgin cunt for the first  time.   In
    the  heated lust of her approaching climax, Julie closed her eyes and
    imagined it was her wonderful, handsome father who  was  fucking  her
    tight,  little-girl  cunt  with his big cock, instead of her own tiny
    fingers. In her mind's eye, she was the one bucking and mewling under
    his heaving body...  not  her  mother.  The  incestuous  fantasy  was
    suddenly  too much for the young girl. "Oooooooh! Fuck ME Daddy! Fuck
    ME! Fuck Fuck Fuuuuuuuck!", she whimpered quietly as her little  cunt
    creamed around her pumping fingers.

       Wracking  spasms  overtook  her young body, causing Julie to slump
    back onto her haunches. She pressed both hands  between  her  slender
    adolescent  thighs as her climax faded. Pleasurable though her orgasm
    was, Julie had become so excited watching her mother and father fuck,
    she was far from satisfied....


                                Chapter 4.

       She returned her eye to  the  keyhole,  staring  at  her  father's
    gleaming prick as it slammed repeatedly into her mother's hot, gaping
    cunt.  Julie continued to rub her throbbing clit, teasing and rubbing
    the swollen little bud until she once again she exploded  in  orgasm,
    pumping two fingers deep up into her frothy little cunt as she jerked
    and bucked in adolescent ecstasy.

       As  the  intense  pleasure  faded,  feelings  of  shame  and guilt
    replaced them and Julie crept silently back to  her  room,  not  even
    waiting  to  watch  the  completion of her parents lovemaking. Safely
    inside her room, the young girl slipped under the bedcovers and tried
    to fall asleep. But her mind was full of wild thoughts.   It  worried
    her that she had really been turned on by the thought of being fucked
    by her own father!

       Was  she sick or depraved or something?  She didn't know, but what
    she did know, was that tonight had awakened something inside of  her,
    something sensual, and she was determined to experiment some more. It
    was  nice to masturbate, she decided, but when she remembered how her
    father's cock had looked, and how Russ Miller's cock  had  felt  just
    before he pulled it out of her, Julie had to know what it was like to
    cum  like  she  did  tonight,  but  this  time with a big, stiff cock
    filling her pussy, pumping out gallons of hot,  sticky  jism,  making
    her come until she fainted from sheer pleasure.

       Her  mother  had made sure that she was on the pill as soon as she
    started high school, so the way  was  clear  with  no  worries  about
    getting pregnant. She needed someone, but who?  All the boys she knew
    at  school  were  just  that,  boys! Once they had fucked a girl, the
    whole school knew. Damn, the whole neighbourhood knew!   Besides,  if
    Russell  Miller  was  anything  to go by, it would all be over in two
    seconds flat anyway. She thought of her father again.  Naw,  she  was
    dreaming,  he  wouldn't  fuck his own daughter!  It had to be someone
    else, someone available, someone who wouldn't blab.

       She thought of her brother, John, who was only a year  older  than
    herself. He was always sneaking looks between her legs at her panties
    when  she  lay on the living room floor watching television or giving
    her a 'brotherly' pat on the ass when she came out of the shower, but
    his eyes nearly bugged out of his head sometimes when  she  wore  her
    skimpy  black  bikini. He acted tough, but Julie doubted if he'd ever
    had his cock inside any of the numerous, giggling girls who seemed to
    follow him around.

       He did have a cute body though, she mused.  John  played  football
    and  she  had to admit that more than once, she had admired his firm,
    muscular behind as he paraded around the house in those tight-fitting
    shorts of his. Come to think of it, the bulge in his  pants  reminded
    her  of  her  father!   'I  wonder  if his cock is just as big?', she
    thought, surprised at her own shamelessness. A shiver of uncontrolled
    lust sped up and down her spine as she tried  to  picture  his  erect
    cock.

       She  remembered  once  when  she had entered the bathroom, only to
    find her brother stark naked, towelling himself dry. He never  locked
    the  door  and  Julie  suspected  that it was intentional, and he was
    actually hoping that Mom or herself would walk in on him.   His  cock
    was  limp,  but  Julie had caught enough of a glance at it to realize
    that when aroused, it would be quite a  formidable  weapon.  She  had
    quickly  apologized  and  retreated from the room, but not before she
    had seen the sly smile on his face. Julie shivered  again  trying  to
    concentrate.

       Then  there  was  Toby  Sheldon.  He  was her best friend Tracey's
    current boyfriend. Tracey and Toby were both  sixteen  and  had  been
    dating  steadily for almost six months now. He was good-looking, tall
    and slim, and from what Tracey had boasted one night when she  was  a
    little  tipsy,  he  was  a real stud!  No, she couldn't fuck her best
    friend's boyfriend. It wouldn't be right!


                                Chapter 5.

       Then the answer suddenly struck her!  BOB!  Bob Conroy  was  their
    next  door  neighbour.  He was nineteen, five-eight, muscular without
    being muscle-bound, coal-black hair, dark  piercing  eyes  and  above
    all...   CUTE!!   He  had  moved in next door about two years ago and
    lived with his mother, Debbie and his twin sister Kelly.   Kelly  had
    often come over to babysit her and John when Mom and Dad went out.

       'Yes!  He was perfect!  But how could she get his attention?'  she
    thought. 'Of course! He sometimes cleans our pool for Dad. If I could
    only arrange to be alone with him for a few hours!' As Julie schemed,
    a  devilish  smile  began  to form on the pretty young girl's face, a
    smile tinged with anticipated lust as  she  carefully  planned  Bob's
    seduction.  But as she drifted off to sleep, her thoughts returned to
    her father, and vivid, incestuous images began to fill  her  mind  as
    she began to dream....

       In  her  dream,  her father loomed above her, kneeling between her
    widely spread thighs, holding his impossibly huge cock in both hands.
    Beside him stood her  mother  and  brother,  also  completely  naked.
    John's  cock  was  a mirror image of his father's...  long and stiff,
    and very, very big.  Julie groaned apologetically towards her  mother
    as her father lunged forward and pressed the tip of his cock into her
    slit.   "I'm  sorry Mom! I'm really sorry, but I can't help myself!",
    she whimpered.  Her voice sounded strange and distorted.  Her  mother
    looked  down  at  her  and  smiled  wickedly,  her  face  a distorted
    caricature of pure lust.

       "Don't  worry, baby! I don't mind! I've got all I can handle right
    here!" she said, wrapping  her  fingers  lovingly  around  her  son's
    massive  prick. John responded by squeezing his mothers's firm, round
    tits and then sliding his hand down over her belly until his  fingers
    disappeared  inside  her  wet,  hairy cunt.

       "But Mom, John's your own son!!", cried Julie  helplessly  as  she
    watched her mother lean back and place the tip of John's immense cock
    between the open lips of her cunt.

       "I know honey, but he sure can fuck, you should try him sometime!"
    Julie  gaped  in  disbelief  as  her mother thrust forwards, impaling
    herself fully on her brother's rock-hard prick. At the same time, she
    felt her father's impossible organ penetrate  her  own  tight  little
    hole.  Julie  screamed  as  it  entered her, but not in pain, because
    surprisingly, in her dream, it was the most pleasurable sensation she
    had ever felt.  As the fantasy swirled and dissolved, she  heard  her
    mother screaming too, an identical replica of her own guttural cry of
    incestuous pleasure.


                                 Chapter 6

       Julie  woke  slowly  as  the  sunlight streaming through her bedroom
    window crept down the wall and onto her closed eyelids.  She yawned and
    stretched her limbs, recalling the blurred events of the  night  before
    and  in  doing so the incredible dream she'd had. It was fantastic, but
    she had really enjoyed it and the crotch of her panties was  still  wet
    to prove it!

       Then  she  remembered her plan, and jumped eagerly out of bed to put
    it into action. Throwing on a robe, Julie made her way down the hall to
    the bathroom. The door was ajar, so she went straight on in, and as she
    turned from locking the door, a  masculine  voice  startled  her.  "Hi,
    Sis!" It was her brother, he'd done it again!  But Julie was determined
    not  to  be  humiliated  this time. Turning towards him, she smiled her
    most alluring smile.  "Finished with  the  shower,  John?",  she  asked
    demurely.

       "Yeah  sure Sis, go right ahead." he replied, towelling his wet hair
    dry. John was naked, and, as usual, taking great pleasure in displaying
    himself in front of his younger sister. He smiled back  at  her,  fully
    expecting  the  young  girl to flee from the room at any moment.  Julie
    didn't move, instead she stared openly at her brother's body, taking  a
    more  than  passing,  sisterly interest. He was so sure of himself, she
    couldn't resist a little joke at his expense.

       "Ooooh!  I know what that is!", she cried, pointing at her brother's
    limp cock. "Yeah, what?", asked  John  hopefully.  "It's  just  like  a
    prick, only smaller!", she replied, unable to keep from laughing at the
    stunned  look on her brother's face. He frowned for a second but then a
    smile crossed his handsome features as he joined in the  joke.  "You're
    right!  I've  been  swindled!"  he laughed, looking down at his flaccid
    organ. Feeling a little embarrassed,  John  asked  his  sister  if  she
    wanted him to leave while she showered.

       "Only  if  you  want too, brother dear!", she replied, sounding much
    bolder than she felt as she began to remove her  clothes.  Now  it  was
    John's  turn  to stare, he couldn't believe his little sister was going
    to undress in front of him. Her nubile young breasts sprang free as she
    pulled off her top and John could only gape at her  firm,  ripe  little
    tits.   "Jesus!",  he  moaned  under  his breath.  "Pardon! Did you say
    something, Johnny?", she smiled.  "Nnn..  No!", he  stuttered,  staring
    uneasily at her naked flesh.

        Julie  was  beginning  to  enjoy  exposing herself to her brother's
    lustful gaze. She watched him lick his  dry,  parched  lips,  his  eyes
    following  her  fingers  as  they  slid  beneath  the  waistband of her
    panties. She had him wrapped around her  little  finger!   If  she  had
    asked  him  to kiss her ass, she was sure he would have done so without
    even thinking.  'This is going to be easier than I ever imagined',  she
    thought,  peeling  the  tiny,  sheer garment slowly down over her slim,
    tanned thighs.

       John's eyes nearly popped out of his head as Julie  stepped  out  of
    her panties and stood completely naked before him. He could clearly see
    the  moist, pink slit of her young pussy through the sparse covering of
    light brown curls.  The boy began to lick his lips unconsciously.  "See
    something  you  like,  Johnny?", Julie laughed. Before he could answer,
    she stepped into the shower cubicle and closed the  door,  leaving  her
    brother panting like a puppy outside.

       Julie  purposely  left the shower door open a few inches so that her
    brother would be able to see her as she showered.  She felt  excitingly
    wicked,  and suddenly realized that not only did she like sex, she also
    liked it when men looked at her the way John had just done.  It  turned
    her  on  more  than she would have admitted, even to herself.  The hot,
    stinging jets of water refreshed her young body as she  soaped  it  all
    over, paying particular attention to her firm, pointed breasts.


                                Chapter 7

       Out of the corner of her eye, Julie could see  her  brother  looking
    at  her through the opening, and turned slightly so that he could get a
    better view. Pretending not to notice that he was  still  there,  Julie
    began  to  spread the soapy lather down over her firm belly and between
    her legs. She could have sworn she heard a moan as  her  fingers  began
    to  rub  the  creamy  foam  along  the  insides of her glistening young
    thighs.

       John was transfixed with wonder. He  had  always  thought  that  his
    younger  sister  had  a  cute  pair  of  tits,  and now he was actually
    watching her spread soap all over them! As she moved her  hands  lower,
    he moaned softly, watching her rub her fingers gently between her legs.
    'Christ!  I'd  love  to  do  that for her!' he thought, moving a little
    closer to the door. His cock was beginning to grow of it's  own  accord
    and his right hand moved automatically to grasp the stiffening organ as
    he watched.

       Julie  saw  her  brother's  fingers  encircle his prick and begin to
    move it back and forth. 'God! He's actually going  to  jack  off!'  The
    thought  sent  a  deep,  peculiar  thrill  through  her pussy which was
    already becoming aroused by the movement  of  her  soapy  fingers.  The
    knowledge  that  her naked body had such an immediate effect on her own
    brother was immensely exciting and she felt a powerful  surge  of  lust
    flash through her young loins. She wanted to masturbate in front of him
    too!  Her  pussy  lips parted as Julie inserted a soapy finger into her
    heated slit. All the time her eyes were fixed  on  John's  fist-encased
    prick.

       Moving  so  that  she  was  facing  the  partly  opened  door, Julie
    directed the shower nozzle so that the warm spray fell directly on  her
    pussy  mound,  and  leant back against the tiled wall, slowly spreading
    her creamy thighs until the lips of her cunt parted and a steady stream
    of water invaded the hot, wet, crevice.   "Ooooooooohhh!",  she  moaned
    loudly. It was a deep guttural moan, and John's fist began to move even
    faster  up  and  down the thickening shaft of his prick as he heard his
    sister groan in such obvious pleasure. He could  see  the  dark,  inner
    lips  of her pussy now and the tiny hole beneath her clitoris, which he
    knew would be tight and hot. His cock was throbbing and jerking in  his
    hand, and John knew that he wouldn't be able to last much longer before
    he creamed.

       Julie  stared  with  admiration at her brother's cock and inserted a
    long slim finger into her moistening pussy. It certainly  had  grown  a
    lot  since  she had first seen it. In fact, it was huge!  Easily as big
    as her father's had been the night before! The sight of  her  brother's
    long,  stiff  cock  pumping powerfully between his clenched fingers was
    beginning to effect the girl immensely and she became acutely aware  of
    her swollen, gently throbbing clitoris. She ran a finger back and forth
    over  the  hard  little  bundle  of  nerves  as she watched her brother
    working his fist up and down his stiff  prick  with  considerably  more
    speed.

       Julie  was  completely absorbed by the lascivious situation, totally
    turned on. She wanted him to come with her, to spurt his  jism  at  the
    same  time  her  own pussy creamed, but she had to see his face when he
    came. So, throwing caution to the wind, Julie turned off the shower and
    with a trembling hand, slid the door open fully.

       John's initial surprise stopped his jerking hand for only a  second.
    But  as  he  saw  the  look  of undisguised lust on his sister's pretty
    features, some of his earlier  bravado  returned.   With  an  uncertain
    smile,  he  sat  back  against  the  hand basin and resumed jerking his
    enormous hard-on with strong, lengthy strokes. His  eyes  took  in  her
    young beauty which was made all the more appealing by her obvious state
    of  sexual  arousal.  The  nipples of her nicely rounded tits stood out
    like little pink strawberries against the  darker  aureoles,  and  tiny
    beads of water still clung to her creamy flesh.


                                Chapter 8

       As  John  watched breathlessly, Julie's fingers continuously stroked
    and parted the small, almost,  hairless  lips  of  her  pussy,  delving
    inside  only  momentarily  before  gently massaging the hard, sensitive
    bud at the top of her little  pink  slit.  "Man,  that's  something  to
    see!" muttered John, "You sure do look pretty when you're all honked up
    like  that, Julie." "Oh, Johnny, I've been so damn horny all morning!",
    she moaned. "Me too Sis!   Just  look  at  this!",  said  her  brother,
    wiggling his fully erect cock at her.

       "Ooooh, Golly! Did I do that? It looks so biiiiiig!", giggled  Julie
    in  a  false,  little-girl  voice,  pretending to be surprised. "Cut it
    out, Sis! You damn well know you did. I nearly creamed when you started
    to play with yourself.  Jesus, what a turn on!" "Well it IS big,"  said
    Julie,  "almost  as  big  as Daddy's!" "Whaaat! When have you ever seen
    Dad's cock like this?" he asked accusingly, holding the  massive  shaft
    towards  her.  "Last  night.  He and Mom were going at it in their room
    and I... I sort of saw them."

       "Yeah,  sure! Spied on them more like it... you randy little cunt!",
    a conspiratorial smile crossed his handsome features as  he  asked  the
    next  question. "Did you see much?... I mean... What were they actually
    doing, Julie?" "I'll tell you later. Right now I thing we've  both  got
    some  urgent  business  to  attend to before somebody catches us, don't
    you?", she gasped, nodding  towards  his  momentarily  forgotten  dick.
    "Yeah,  sure!  I'm with you Sis!" They both laughed at the implications
    of his last comment.

       Julie raised one of her legs for him so that  her  pussy  was  fully
    exposed. The light brown bush of pubic fluff, amazingly developed for a
    girl  so young, curled lushly at base of her belly. She looked into his
    eyes, knowing that her brother would be able to stare straight into the
    scarlet-lipped slit running down the center of her cunt, and  that  the
    sight  would arouse him all the more. John moved closer. "Look at me!",
    she whispered, becoming totally swept up in the passion she had  helped
    to  engender between them. "Watch me making love to myself!  Oooooh, do
    it to yourself at the same time and we'll come together!"

       John watched as his little sister's fingers began  to  move  up  and
    down  between  the  puffy,  wet  lips  of her young gash. The sight was
    incredible! He had never seen a girls pussy that  looked  so  neat,  so
    delicious, so fucking edible, the delicate female flesh glistened wetly
    as  she  squeezed the increasingly moist folds between her fingers. The
    entire area was covered with the clear oil which her lusty arousal  had
    generated.

       Looking  up  he  became aware that her own gaze was directed towards
    his fist full of hard fuck-muscle. "I bet this is what Dad's cock looks
    like when he's shoving it up Mom's cunt!",  he  grunted,  wrapping  his
    palm  around the thick shaft and plunging his hips towards her, fucking
    into his hand. Julie felt a spasm of pleasure  fire  he  loins  as  she
    watched her brother's graphic demonstration. "Yessss! Just like that!",
    she moaned, picturing her father's cock stabbing into her mother's cunt
    as it had last night.

       The  young  boy  saw the look on his sister's face when he mentioned
    their parents and decided to follow it up since it obviously turned her
    on something fierce. "Yeah," he whispered stepping closer, "and  I  bet
    it  really fills Mom's cunt 'til she screams!" Julie was beside herself
    with pleasure  as  her  hand  moved  feverishly  around  in  her  juicy
    cuntflesh.  Her  brother's  words  had  unleashed  the fantasies of her
    dreams and accelerated her rapid rise towards blessed relief.


                                 Chapter 9

       John  was  in  control  once  more.  He watched his sister writhe in
    sexual abandon as he slowly pumped on his cock,  keeping  it  nice  and
    hard.  He  looked at her fingers slithering like snakes over her slick,
    red flesh as her back began to arch with pleasure.  Julie  was  moaning
    softly,   engrossed   in   her   fantasy  fuck.  "Ohhhhh!  Mmmmmhhhhhh!
    Arrhhhmmmmmm!" Emboldened by her lust, John moved into  the  stall  and
    stood  in  front  of  her.  His  pulse raced as he felt the animal heat
    emanating from her body. He wondered how far she would let him go if he
    felt her up.

       Still working his left hand over his rigid prick, John  reached  out
    tentatively  with  his  right  and  cupped one of his sister's jiggling
    tits. She didn't seem to notice straight away, so he began  to  squeeze
    and  caress  the  soft,  firm  flesh. Julie's eyes opened slowly as she
    stared at her brother through a passion clouded haze.  In  her  present
    condition  she  wouldn't  have  cared  who  was  touching her. "Ohhhhh,
    Yessss!", she groaned, pressing her  breasts  against  his  hand.  John
    couldn't  believe  it!  She  wanted him to touch her. Christ!! This was
    outta' sight!  He had to feel her cunt!

       Reluctantly taking his hand from her luscious  little  breast,  John
    slid  it  down  over  the curve of her belly and joined hers in Julie's
    slick, heated slit. She moaned again, humping forwards. This  time  her
    hips pressed against his hand, trapping it between their bodies. John's
    cock  was firmly wedged up against his little sister's belly, twitching
    in delight at the electrifying contact with her soft, warm flesh.  "Oh,
    Johnnnnyyy!"  she  whimpered,  grasping  hold  of  the  throbbing organ
    pressing against her belly.

       John groaned with delight as her  slim  fingers  closed  around  his
    cock. They were so small that they didn't quite meet around the shaft's
    huge  girth. "Oh, Mmmmmmm yes! Sis, that feel's nice!" he breathed into
    her ear, "Move  you  fingers  up  and  down!"  Julie  did  as  she  was
    instructed,  although  more  by instinct than by command. Her brother's
    fingers felt good inside her cunt, even better than her  own  had,  and
    she  loved  the  way he went straight for her sensitive little nub of a
    clitoris. "Yesss! Oh, fuck yes! Johnnny, play with my  clit!"  The  hot
    young  teenager  was desperate now, and her brother's fingers were just
    what she needed. She was so close!

       Her brother was nearly there too, the combination of  fingering  his
    sister's  wet little cunt and having her jerk on his dick, was just too
    much for him.  Although he ached to  stick  his  cock  into  her  juicy
    cunt,  he  thought  better  of  it.  That  would  be going too far! The
    forbidden taboo of incest still had a strong  influence,  even  in  his
    highly  aroused  state.  "I'mmm  nnearly  thhhhere,  Johnny", whimpered
    Julie, pulling in his cock like a little  demon,  sliding  her  fingers
    expertly  up  and  down the full length. "Me too Julie! Oh, fuck Sis! I
    love you!" Feeling the climactic surge  mounting  in  his  balls,  John
    churned  his fingers more rapidly in the girl's flooded snatch, pumping
    his fingers into her tight, wet hole as deeply as he could.

       "Yessss! Oh, fuck me Johnny! Fuck me with your fingers! Fuck me with
    your cock! Ooooo! Christ, I'm cummming!. Julie bit down on  her  bottom
    lip  to  stop from screaming out her orgasm, as wave after wave of pure
    pleasure coursed through her seething  twat.   John  hardly  heard  his
    sister's pleading moans as his own climax crashed down on him. His cock
    jerked  and  bucked  in  Julie's  hand like a crazy animal and finally,
    powerful jets of hot, thick  love-cream  began  to  spurt  against  her
    heaving belly.

       Julie  lunged furiously against her brother's hand until the intense
    spasms began to fade, leaving a dull, satisfying warmth  pervading  her
    loins.  She  felt  his  hot,  sticky  sperm  on  her skin, running down
    between their bodies to mingle  with  the  girl-cum  in  her  quivering
    pussy. John hugged his sister tightly against his muscular chest as his
    own orgasm faded. His cock, still surprisingly hard, nudged against the
    top of her cunt, Julie's trembling fingers still wrapped tightly around
    its massive circumference.



                                Chapter 10

       Instinctively,  Julie maneuvered the tip of her brother's cock until
    it pressed between the lips of her pussy. The sudden, exquisite contact
    brought a simultaneous moan of pleasure from them both. John was beside
    himself with lust by now. Little sister or not,  she  obviously  wanted
    it,  and  he  desperately  needed  a fuck, otherwise he was gonna be as
    horny as a ten-peckered billy-goat all day long. John was just about to
    hunch forwards and bury his cock in her inviting  little  cunt  when  a
    sudden knock on the door scared them both half to death.

       "Come  on  in there! Breakfast's nearly ready!" yelled their mother.
    They sprang apart like two scalded cats. John dressed hastily and  left
    without looking back at his sister. Julie turned on the tap and resumed
    her shower, a sly smile forming on her lips as she washed her brother's
    semi-congealed  cum  off  her  little  tanned  belly. 'Things certainly
    wouldn't be boring around here from now on!' she  thought,  her  wicked
    smile widened broadly.

       When Julie finally made it to the breakfast table, everyone else had
    just about finished. Her brother looked up at her sheepishly as she sat
    down.  She  smiled  back  and  winked,  careful  not to let anyone else
    notice. "Morning!", she chirped, a little too cheerfully. "Hi  honey!",
    her mother said, "Want some bacon and eggs?" "Sure, thanks Mom.", Julie
    replied,  glancing  over  at  her  brother.  John  lowered his eyes and
    pretended to be interested in his breakfast.

    "What's everybody doing today?", asked Julie, stuffing a fork  full  of
    bacon  and  eggs  into her mouth. "Well, your father and I are going to
    watch John's football match and then do a little shopping.  Aren't  you
    coming  along  honey?",  replied  her mother. "No thanks Mom, I want to
    catch up on some reading", lied Julie, "I might even do a few  laps  of
    the pool if I get bored"

        She  looked  across at John and caught him staring at her tits. The
    low-cut blouse she was wearing certainly succeeded in  showing  of  her
    young  breasts  to  full  advantage. She knew her body could entice any
    red-blooded male she wanted. In the shower with John had  been  a  real
    turn on, but they had been interrupted before the final act and now she
    was  even  more desperate for a cock. And she was going to get it!  Now
    to spring the first part of her little plan.

        "Daddy, the pool is looking a little dirty. Do you think you  could
    get  Bob  to  clean  it up a bit. I'd really like to spend some time in
    the water this afternoon.", she said in just the right tone to get  her
    father's  attention.  "Ok  baby, I'll give him a call now." Julie could
    hardly stop from smirking, her plan was working like clockwork.

        "Bob? Hi! It's Dave Simpson.", her  father  said  into  the  phone,
    "Yeah,  fine.  Ahh,  could  you  come  over  after  lunch and clean the
    pool?...Yeah, sure that  would  be  great.  Thanks  Bob!   Bye!"  "Well
    sweetheart,  Bob  will be over 'round midday to clean the pool for you.
    So you can really make the most of  the  afternoon"  "Thanks  Daddy,  I
    fully intend to", she said. '... in more ways than one', she thought to
    herself.......



                                Chapter 11

       After  breakfast, Julie grabbed a book from her room and went out to
    the pool. 'Thank God! It IS a little  dirty',  she  thought,  sprawling
    back  on one of the comfortable, lay-back chairs.  She started to read,
    but her mind wasn't really able to concentrate on the  words.  Instead,
    she contemplated the fun she would have this afternoon. She was deep in
    thought, when a deep male voice startled her back to reality.

       "Hi,  Darlin'!  You're looking sharp this morning," said her father,
    sitting down on the chair opposite her.

       "Why thanks, Daddy. You ain't too shabby yourself!"  Julie  replied,
    putting on a strong southern drawl.

       Her  father smiled broadly appreciating the excellent imitation.  It
    was clear that Julie had inherited Dave's sense of humour, and the  two
    of  them  had  always  got on exceptionally well.  What neither of them
    knew  was  that  Julie  had  not  only  inherited  both  her   parent's
    exceptional  good-looks,  she  had  also  inherited their strong sexual
    urges as well.

       "Are you sure you don't want to come with us to  the  match,  honey?
    I'm  sure  John would like you to watch him play," said her father. Any
    other time Julie would have jumped at the chance, some of the  guys  on
    John's team were real hunks!

       "No  thanks, Dad! I really just feel like relaxing today. Maybe next
    time."

       "Okay hon, you're the boss!"

       Dave lay back and admired his youngest daughter. He  was  completely
    aware  that  she  had  been  growing  up this past year, and lately her
    budding body  had  attracted  his  attention  more  and  more.   Mainly
    because, like most girls her age, she had started to wear clothes which
    showed off as much of her developing female charms as possible!

       This  morning  Julie was wearing her habitual summer costume, a pair
    of cutoff blue jeans, but these were cutoffs with  a  difference.   The
    legs  had  been  cut  so  short that the bottom half of her cute little
    asscheeks peeked cheekily below the hem.  She purposely hadn't bothered
    to wear any panties either. Being a red-blooded male,  with  more  than
    his  fair  share  of  sex-drive,  Dave  certainly  wasn't immune to the
    gorgeous sight, and let his eyes wander freely  over  Julie's  scantily
    clad  body.  Her  low-cut  top  showed off most of her boobs, the large
    nipples made enticing little dents in the  thin,  cotton  fabric.  Dave
    suppressed  a  frustrated  moan  of  desire  as he stared openly at his
    deliciously sexy young daughter.

       Looking  up,  Julie  noticed  her  father's  interested   gaze   and
    instinctively  opened  her  slim  thighs  further  apart.   She saw him
    swallow hard as he finally noticed that  she  wasn't  wearing  anything
    under  her cutoff shorts. His eyes followed the suggestive bulge of her
    pubes down to the thin, tightly-stretched strip of denim  which  passed
    between  her  thighs.  It actually pressed into the narrow cleft of her
    pussy, between the outer lips. And, sitting at  this  angle,  with  her
    knees wide apart, it hid very little of her sweet, sexy young snatch.

       Dave  swallowed  again,  as  his  cock began to stir uneasily in his
    pants.  'Christ!  The little vixen is turning  me  on,  and  she  knows
    it!', Dave thought as he looked up and saw his daughter staring back at
    him.  After  a  few seconds, Julie lowered her gaze deliberately to his
    bulging crotch, admiring the effect that she was having on her  father.
    His  cock  was  growing  at  an alarming rate, threatening to burst the
    front of his tight shorts. As he began to shift uneasily on  the  chair
    in  front of her, Julie looked up, and with the sexiest voice she could
    muster, said; "Something wrong Daddy?".

       Her smile told him all he needed to know, and in her sparkling brown
    eyes he saw a look he recognized.  Dave had seen that look  many  times
    before, in his own wife's eyes..... just before he fucked her!



                               Chapter 12.

       "Ah...  n..no, baby!" he stammered, getting to his feet, "I... um...
    your mother wants me to drive down to the store and get some  stuff  to
    take with us to the match. I'll... er... I'll see you later, hon!"

       Hurriedly,  Dave  walked  towards the car. He had to, before someone
    noticed the huge bulge forming inside his shorts. Julie watched him go.
    She was beginning to like the  sudden  power  she  had  over  men,  the
    ability  to  turn  them  into gibbering idiots at the very sight of her
    sexy young body.  She had really enjoyed turning  her  father  on  like
    that.   It meant that she was not just a little kid anymore.  Even more
    importantly, it meant that , to her father, she was  just  as  sexually
    desirable as her mother, whom Julie suddenly, deeply envied.

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

       After  Dave  left, Tina decided to use the time to get some cleaning
    done.  The house was a mess and being the meticulous person she was, it
    annoyed her to see it like that. Her first chore  was  to  collect  any
    stray  dirty  clothes  from  the  children's room's, ready for washing.
    Julie's room was spotless of course, not a soiled garment in sight. But
    as she moved towards John's room, she dreaded the mess she  knew  she'd
    find  there.   Pushing  the  door  open,  Tina walked straight in, then
    stopped dead in her tracks.

       Her son was lying on his bed, naked from the  waist  down  with  his
    stiff  cock  in  both  hands,  and  he was jerking on it for all he was
    worth.  Tina gasped in initial surprise, not so much at the sight of of
    his naked organ, or what he was doing, but at the very size of it!   It
    was  huge! She had always been partial to big, plump pricks, and John's
    was one of the biggest she'd ever seen! It was easily as  long  as  her
    husband's  but  looked much thicker. John was facing the other way, and
    he was so engrossed in what he was doing he  didn't  see  or  hear  his
    mother enter the room.

       Tina  was  still  transfixed  at  the  sight  of  her son's massive,
    throbbing erection. Her feet wouldn't move, and her heart  was  pumping
    like  a  steam train. She made a low sound in her throat as she watched
    his fist pump up and down the huge shaft,  her  pussy  moistening  with
    instant  desire.  John's  eyes were closed tightly, and his hips lifted
    rhythmically up and down off the bed, forcing his cock rapidly into his
    tightly clenched fists.  Tina struggled with her conscience, should she
    follow her motherly instincts and leave, or should she succumb  to  the
    urge building between her legs, and stay.

       'Jesus!   I can't help myself!', she thought, reaching back to close
    the door, 'God help me, but I can't!'  Locking  the  door,  Tina  moved
    carefully  towards  the  bed,  feasting her eyes on John's cock all the
    while. She had known naturally that her son was well endowed, it ran in
    the family, but the sight of his big prick,  iron-hard  and  dark  with
    passionate  arousal,  sent a thrill of sensual pleasure coursing inward
    from the moist, tingling lips of her pussy.

       Tina involuntarily clenched and released her thighs,  squeezing  the
    flesh  of  her  cuntmound  together.   She  did  it  often when she was
    extremely excited, it  almost  felt  like  a  hand  sweeping  over  the
    painfully tender slit.

       Pulling  up  the hem of her dress, Tina's hand settled automatically
    on her snatch, caressing the anguished flesh through the  moist  fabric
    of  her  panties.  She moved to the bed where her son lay, masturbating
    furiously.

       "Johnny!", she whispered.

       The youngster gasped and sat bolt upright at the unexpected sound of
    his mother's voice.

       "Uh!  Aaaa...  Mom!  I...  Um...  I didn't know you were there!", he
    croaked,  rosy  embarrassment  beginning  to  show  on  his   surprised
    features.

       He  was  even more surprised to see his mother's hand underneath her
    dress, rubbing her pussy!!!!...............



                                Chapter 13.

       Tina smiled at the confused look on her son's face.   He  looked  so
    comically shocked!

       "Don't  worry  darling!   I  saw  what  you  were doing and it's all
    right... really! It's perfectly natural!" muttered Tina, moving closer.

       John  stood  up,  not knowing whether to cover his nakedness or not,
    because his mother was staring at his  stiff  cock  like  a  small  kid
    ogling  a  lollipop, all the time working her hand between her slightly
    parted legs.  He couldn't believe this was  happening!  It  must  be  a
    dream,  a  wild,  fantastic  wet  dream!  His mother came closer to him
    until they were only a few feet apart.

       Tina's eyes gazed almost hypnotically at her son's cock, which still
    protruded magnificently from his muscular thighs.  John stared  at  his
    mother stupidly for a few moments, then his eyes dropped to the rest of
    her voluptuous body.

       She  wore  a  light  summer  dress, tight over her tits, with narrow
    straps across her shoulders. It hugged her small waist, then flared out
    into a full skirt around her hips. It didn't really show off her figure
    very well, except the flawless shape of her firm, uptilted breasts. Her
    tits were naked under the dress, and her nipples pushed out in two firm
    points, outlined against the thin fabric.  She was  breathing  heavily,
    her large boobs lifting and falling, tremors moving through her body.

    With a shudder, Tina crossed the remaining few steps separating herself
    from  her  handsome  young son.  John made a soft, gulping sound as she
    came close to him. His mother was so close now, he could feel the  heat
    emanating from her body. They stood facing each other, with John's head
    slightly  tilted  upwards  and  her's  down. Julie stared into his eyes
    before reaching a tentative hand down between their  trembling  bodies.
    As  her  fingers wrapped eagerly around his cock, John began to tremble
    with desire... then a look of sudden apprehension crossed his  handsome
    young features.

       "Mom!  What if someone comes in?", he whispered, a little frightened
    now, and completely out of his depth.

    "Don't  worry,  baby.  I've locked the door!", said his mother, sliding
    her closed fist up and down the full length of his hard,  young  prick.
    "Your  father's  gone  to  the  store,  and Julie's out by the pool, so
    nobody should disturb us for a while. But we'd still  better  be  very,
    very quiet. Okay?"

       "Uuuuuh! Oooh!... Okay!  Sure Mom!", murmured the boy.   His  virile
    young prick began to twitch in his mother's hand.

       "Do you like me touching your cock, honey?"

       "Yeah!   You  bet!   It's  outta sight! Your fingers are so soft and
    smooth, Mom!"

       "God, I can't believe you're so big! This is better than doing it to
    yourself, isn't it baby?"

       "Christ, yes! You can do this to me any  time  you  want  Mom!",  he
    groaned, humping his cock into her hand.

       "Don't  worry  darling,  I intend to", promised Tina, staring at her
    son's huge, throbbing erection.

       John groaned, clasping his mother around the the waist,  and  pushed
    his  hard-on against her upper thighs. Tina whimpered as she buried her
    face into his neck, returning the pressure against his cock.  She  felt
    him  shaking  in  her arms, and impulsively kissed his neck, just above
    the collar. John tightened his arms around her waist, and with a little
    cry, Tina burned her lips over his cheek, finally reaching  his  mouth.
    The  young  boy opened his lips instinctively as his mother pressed her
    own parted lips against his, kissing him passionately, moving her  lips
    and sucking his tongue into the heated pit of her mouth.

       John returned his mother's kiss instinctively, and Tina marvelled at
    the  sweet,  eagerness  with  which  the  boy  went  about  it.  It was
    different with her husband, his kisses almost bruised  her  soft,  full
    lips,  but  Johnny's  mouth  pressed against her own with an urgent yet
    tender pressure.  His tongue lashed against hers, the tip running  over
    her  teeth,  probing and exploring every inch of her mouth as he kissed
    her.

    Tina  squirmed  her  hips  against her son's hard young body, using her
    hand to position the shaft of his cock down between her thighs until it
    lay in the groove of her very wet pussy.  Then, relinquishing her  grip
    on  his prick, Tina threw both arms over the boy's shoulders and hugged
    him tightly to her, grinding her tits sensually against his  chest  and
    her firey cuntmound hard against his rigid penis.......



                               Chapter 14

       They clung to each other, kissing with growing passion. John felt
    the length of his cock rub against the wet crotch of his mother's
    panties, pulsing against her heated flesh. Tina felt it too, and
    moved so that the hard, bloated head was wedged solidly against the
    top of her lust-soaked slit, grinding her taut little behind towards
    him in tight, small circles.

       She moved her right hand down to his ass, pulling him as hard as
    she could against her feverish cunt. Her other hand held the back of
    his neck as Tina thrust her tongue down her son's throat, licking
    the inside of his mouth, moaning and gasping as her pussy-slit
    soaked the crotch of her panties. John could feel the moisture
    seeping out over the head of his prick, coating the bulbous tip with
    hot, slippery cunt-oils.

       "Oh Jesus, this is fantastic! You're so damn wet! I have to fuck
    you, Mom! Will you let me? I know you want it too!", he whispered
    eagerly, jabbing his young cock against her crotch to emphasize his
    need.

       "Not so fast baby!", his mother moaned in a low voice, "Just let
    it happen! A woman likes to be aroused slowly. I'm real hot, but I
    need more to make it extra special for me. Play with my tits John,
    rub mommy's nipples!" Dutifully, John cupped his mother's full,
    round breasts in both hands, squeezing and kneading the soft flesh
    with his big, strong hands.

       "Yesss! That's it. Now squeeze my nipples! A girl loves to have a
    man squeeze her nipples! But do it gently, honey... very gently"

       As her son worked diligently on her tits, Tina reached between
    their thighs and once more closed her fingers around his mighty
    organ. It had almost doubled in size and she could hardly get her
    long, slim fingers around the circumference. With practiced strokes
    she rubbed the tip along the wet groove of her panties covering her
    juicy gash. Up and down she rubbed it, from the base of her cunt to
    the top of her slit, becoming more and more excited by the thought
    of masturbating herself through her panties with her own son's erect
    penis as he played with her hard nipples.

       Tina realized at once that it was the forbidden element of their
    lovemaking that really turned her on. The thought of making love
    with her strong, handsome son and teaching him how to please her,
    was so wickedly provocative, that Tina's highly aroused vagina began
    to fill with a steady cuntal flow. She suddenly remembered that this
    wasn't the first time she had felt lust for her son's body. Last
    time, she had dismissed it as total fantasy, but even so it had sent
    a jolt of undisguised fuck-fever through her loins.

        It happened one day last summer when John's swimming trunks had
    fallen off as he dived into the pool. She could still picture his
    cutely tanned little behind bobbing up out of the water as he dived,
    searching desperately for his lost trunks. She had gone in to help
    him find them, and, as he surfaced near her for air, Tina felt the
    unmistakable contact of his naked crotch against her thigh as he
    stood up.

        Her heart had skipped a beat, as she felt his warm cock rub over
    her cool flesh, and she'd had to fight down a strong, primeval urge
    to reach out and grab it.  Come to think of it, he had let it press
    against her leg for much longer than modestly required. She knew now
    that at that moment, her fifteen year-old son had lusted after her
    too. As then, the thought made Tina shiver with desire. To know that
    she could sexually excite her own son was a powerful turn-on. And
    excited he was....



                               Chapter 15

       John's hands were on her ass now, squeezing and kneading the
    compact cheeks as he had done her tits. But this time, he could pull
    her panty-encased crotch more tightly against his cock at the same
    time. It turned him on something fierce to fill his palms with the
    tight, firm flesh of his mother's ass and grind his stiff cock into
    her crotch.

       Tina cried out softly with need as her son grabbed her ass, and
    began moving backwards, pulling him with her. As the backs of her
    knees touched the edge of his bed, she fell back across it, pulling
    him on top of her. She opened her legs and smashed her juice-soaked
    crotch upwards, onto his throbbing hard-on, writhing in passion
    beneath him. John looked down at his mothers body. Her dress was
    bunched up around her waist and her tits were falling out of the top
    of her dress like two over-ripe melons. He dipped his head to her
    bosom and began to lick and suck the large, erect nipples in turn.

       "Ohh! Yes, John! Suck momma's tits!.. Christ! I love that!",
    moaned Tina, gyrating her hips wantonly against her son's hard,
    throbbing cock.

        The tip of his prick had found the entrance of her slit again,
    either by fortunate accident or by unconscious design, but this time
    the delicious contact was just too much for the highly aroused boy
    to endure and he began pumping his cock against his mother's pussy,
    through her thin panties. Tina gasped and clung to him, her blonde
    head twisting from side to side, eyes glazed in lewd passion as she
    felt her son's cock bulge through the tightly stretched material and
    mash against her clit. 'Jesus, he was like a young, strong bull!'
    she thought, 'Any second, he was going to break through the flimsy
    barrier and bury his huge cock deep in her hot, juicy cunt'. The
    unbearably lewd thought drove her quickly over the edge.

       "Oooooh, Johnny!" she whimpered, as she felt waves of rippling
    pleasure building deep in her twat. "God... it's... I'm... Johnny,
    you're making me.. Oh, Johhny... Jesus baby, I'm cumming!"

       His mother's hips arched up to meet him, her mouth open in a
    silent scream of pleasure as she thrashed about beneath him. John
    pushed his cock tightly against Tina's vibrating, convulsing pussy.
    His balls ached, firey with passion and swollen with fullness. He
    had never seen a woman come as hard as that before, and what made it
    all the more surprising to his young mind, was that she had climaxed
    without him even getting his cock into her hot little pussy.

       Tina had come hard alright... very hard. She shook in shuddering
    ecstasy, closing her eyes, then went limp beneath him. Her hands
    fell away, and her legs spread outwards. She sprawled beneath her
    son, with her cunt still pressed against his prick, and most of her
    ass hanging over the edge of the bed. Dimly, through the warm glow
    radiating through her body, Tina felt his hands on her hips, pulling
    her sopping wet panties down over her quivering thighs. She felt a
    little ashamed now that her climax had passed and began to have
    second thought's about letting their little sex session continue any
    further. It was one thing to masturbate herself on her son's cock,
    but entirely another to let him fuck her.

       Somehow, John also managed to pull Tina's dress up over her head
    until she lay naked and panting on the bed in front of him. His cock
    was rock-hard by now, and ignoring her unconvincing moan of protest,
    John scrambled between his mother's wide-spread thighs and
    positioned the head of his prick in the entrance of the very womb
    that had given him life. He shuddered at the very thought. He took
    only a moment to stare at it, running his eyes over the hairy,
    crimson cuntlips which even now quivered and twitched around the
    half-buried tip of his cock, planting wet, slobbery kisses on the
    flared head.



                              Chapter 16.

       His mother looked up and saw the lust in her son's eyes, then she
    looked down at his throbbing cock, wedged between the outer lips of
    her pussy, and moaned deep in her throat. Sudden panic gripped her
    as she realized what he was about to do. Although every cell of her
    body was screaming for it, part of her mind still rejected the
    sinful act of incest with her own son!

       "John, no!.. We.. We can't!", she protested weakly, trying to
    push him away, but her strength was gone and her heart really wasn't
    in it. Then, before she could move or say another word, John fucked
    his cock into her cunt.

       "Johnny!... My God! It's splitting me open!", she gurgled,
    feeling his gigantic prick penetrate the moist constriction of her
    pussy with a single hard thrust.

       "Slo... Uhhh!... Mmmhhh, s...slowly, or you'll hurt me! Please be
    gentle, honey!"

       "Oh, Mom! Jesus, you're tight! I can't believe it!", he groaned
    as Tina's hips jerked upwards, sliding onto the length of her son's
    eager cock.

       Her eyes bulged as she felt him fuck deep into her open-lipped
    twat. 'Jesus, he's as big as his father!', she thought, with a
    certain amount of surprise. The surprise rapidly gave way to pleasure
    though, as her son's fifteen year-old cock began to stretch the
    elastic walls of her pussy a little more painfully than she was used
    to.

       John, meanwhile, was equally surprised. He had envisioned his
    mothers cunt as being big and loose, but he was pleasantly surprised
    to find that her girlish vagina was very, very tight. So tight in
    fact, that he could feel every ridge and groove of her cuntal lining
    as it clung to his cockshaft like a tightly stretched glove. John
    prepared to fuck his mother in earnest. Taking the weight of his
    body on his elbows, he began to move his hips up and down, slowly at
    first, and then, much faster as her juices began to flow copiously,
    lubricating the junction of their mutual lust.

       He stabbed his prick in and out swiftly, causing Tina to pant and
    writhe. She began to sob, but wasn't sure if it was in shame or
    ecstasy. She clawed at the bedspread, her head twisting from side to
    side as she began to lift her hips and fuck back at her son's
    thrusting cock. The friction of his thick cockshaft along the
    sensitive lips of her cunt made Tina's mind spin, and she churned
    her ass in a most wanton manner, no longer caring that it was her
    young, fifteen year-old son who was fucking her so deliciously.

       "Yessss!  Fuck me, Johnny!  Fuck mommy's cunt with your big, fat
    cock!", she hissed through gritted teeth.

       John looked down between his mother's splayed thighs, watching
    his cock fuck in and out of her cunt. Her pink, hairy cuntlips clung
    to the shaft as he withdrew and disappeared back inside as he
    plunged into her. Now he could see the way her pussy stretched and
    clasped his prick as well as feel it, and the stimulating
    combination increased his excitement a thousandfold. Grunting and
    moaning with lust, Tina lifted her legs, drawing her knees back,
    shoving her cunt up at her son's lunging cock. Her husband like to
    fuck her like this, with her legs bent and her knees pulled back
    against her tits. It offered the deepest penetration, and made her
    clit rub hard up against his hammering pubic bone.

       The pounding of his hips drove the air from his mother's lungs in
    loud rushes. Yet despite the tremendous pounding he was giving her,
    she began gasping and whimpering incessantly.... wonderful
    obscenities that John had never dreamed he would hear coming from his
    mother's lovely mouth.

       "Oh God, fuck me Johnny! Fuck momma real hard! Ram your big cock
    into my fat, juicy cunt and don't stop fucking it!
    Uhhhhhhhhhhhhgnhhhhh!"

       "I AM Mom! I AM fucking you! I'm going to cum in your cunt, and
    make you cum till you faint!

       "Oooooooh! Johnnnnnny! Yes, come in me! I want to feel your hot
    juice in my pussy! Ooooooo! Unnnnnnnnggg! That's it! I'm close!
    Harder! Oh, fuuuuck!



                             Chapter 17


       Tina was on fire, her whole body burning up with unbridled
    passion for her handsome young son, who was fucking her so
    magnificently. Her cunt clasped his cock each time he pulled out,
    then expanding to take every wonderful hard inch as he plunged it
    back inside her. Tina drew her legs wide apart, offering her pussy
    to the full, frenzied thrusts of her son's powerful prick. A
    whimper escaped her lips as she felt the spreading heat of another
    orgasm filling her battered twat. Her eyes fluttered open to look
    up at him. John was staring down at her with an equally glazed
    look on his young face, and it was obvious that his own climax was
    also very close.

       "Unnnnnnnhhhh! Fuck! Oooooo, yessssss! Fuck meeee!... I'm
    cuuuummmmmming!", squealed Tina, as waves of pleasure surged
    outwards from the very heart of her throbbing, twisting cunt.

       John fucked his mother harder, extremely excited by her
    shameless crys of lust. His hips pumping up and down, his cock
    stretching and filling her bucking twat with hot, throbbing
    hardness. It was just what the convulsing woman needed and she
    felt her thighs begin to melt and her eyes go out of focus as his
    young prick slammed into her quivering hole with jackhammer
    force. Tina strained her quivering snatch high, grinding her clit
    deliciously against her son's cock as she came, climaxing in a
    surge of raw, mindless ecstasy.

       "Johnny! Ohhhhh, Johnnnnnny!", she moaned.

       John was beginning to show the strain, his young face screwed
    up, eyes half closed, gasping for breath as his mother flung her
    hands behind his body to grab his jerking ass, pulling him into
    her as deep as she could while she came. Her body began to shudder
    all over and her cunt exploded, squeezing and gripping his long
    cock like a tiny toothless mouth. Tina had to bite her bottom lip
    hard to stop from screaming, her hands clawing at her son's
    clenched, teenaged ass.

       His mother's wild reaction was all John needed to slip over the
    edge himself, and with a deep, panting grunt, he threw back his
    head and sent jet after jet of thick scalding sperm deep up inside
    her cunt. Her son's spurting cum sent Tina into shuddering spasms
    of rapture, her cuntal contractions increasing in intensity.

       As he came, John grabbed his mother's boobs and gripped them
    tightly, twisting and squeezing the sweaty, jiggling titflesh as
    he filled her hot cunt with a full load of creamy, incestuous
    sperm. She cried out. The sound a mixture of shame and wanton
    ecstasy. Her son was coming inside her... she had let her own
    child fuck her, and now he was flooding her throbbing cunt with
    his jism.... the experience was unbelievably exciting. As soon as
    she felt it kick and spurt inside her, Tina strained even harder
    onto his jerking, spewing cock, desperate to receive every single
    drop her virile young son had to offer. She urged him on.

       "Come in me, Johnny!", she cried. "Cum in momma's pussy! Shoot
    your stuff right up my hot cunt! Uuuuhhhh, baby! I wanna feel you
    come in me!!!"

       John groaned and hunched into her as he emptied his balls
    inside his mother's gooey fuckhole. In return, Tina squeezed his
    asscheeks with both hands, pulling his cock deeper and deeper
    inside her insatiable snatch. To Tina's delight, her son continued
    to fuck her even after he'd finished coming. His cock was still
    extremely hard despite an obviously mind-blowing orgasm. Most
    young boys were like that, Tina reflected, able to achieve a
    second hardon almost before the first one had gone soft.

       "Ooooh, you were wonderful, Johnny!", crooned Tina, wiggling
    her ass up at him. "You're still hard! Hmmmmm, We'll have to call
    that thing a 'repeater-peter' won't we, baby?"

       "You'd better believe it, Mom!", he grinned.

       They giggled together as John began sliding his prick in and
    out of her cunt. It was a wet fuck. Tina's jizz-filled pussy-slit
    was slippery and hot, her clit sticking out like a small pink
    tongue as it rasped deliciously against the shaft of the boy's
    cock. Tina couldn't believe how quickly her son was able to arouse
    her again. Within seconds, she felt the old familiar ache in her
    loins.... her third orgasm in less than half an hour!.....


                             Chapter 18

       "Ohhhh yeah, baby!" Tina panted. "Fuck me again!"

       John's balls slapped against his mother's upturned ass at
    the end of each stroke as Tina sprawled back on the bed,
    letting her young son fuck her as hard as he liked. He was
    eager for it and so was she. Her ass bucked as she pumped her
    hips up at his thrusting cock, wriggling her cunt around on
    his sliding fuckpole like an oversexed little teenager.

       She was overwhelmed with lust for her handsome son. He was
    so good! Such a strong, virile young fucker! People would say
    it was wrong, but Tina didn't care. It was too good. Life was
    too short, and you had to take what pleasure you could get,
    no matter what the source. As long as nobody found out, what
    harm would it do? Besides, he had such a big hard prick....
    such a lovely cock to fuck.

       And fuck her he did, bringing Tina to climax after climax
    before his rejuvenated young balls spewed forth another
    deluge of thick, creamy jizm into her heaving belly. This
    time though John had had his fill, and his cock deflated
    rapidly inside his mother's twitching cunt. He became weak,
    and his arms collapsed. He fell heavily onto her and Tina
    grunted as his weight settled. Her legs slid down each side
    of his body and hung over the edge of the bed until they
    touched the floor. She ran her hands over his back, caressing
    his hot, damp skin and hugged her wonderful young son tightly
    against her own sweaty body. They lay there for several
    minute, before he rolled off onto the bed beside her.

       "Mom, are you alright?", asked John as he saw the look of
    shame in his mother's eyes.

       "Yes, honey. I'm okay. But we really shouldn't have done
    this. It got out of hand. What are we going to do now?"

       "Why? Didn't you like me fucking you Mom?"

       "Ohhh, yes! That's the problem, John. I loved it! But a
    mother shouldn't feel that way about her son, let alone do
    the things we did!" said Tina, getting to her feet.

       "But Mom, if we both wanted to do it, and it was good, how
    can it be wrong?"

       She couldn't argue with logic like that, even if it was a
    little naive.

       "I guess you're right, darling. But I don't think your
    father would agree."

       "He doesn't have to know, Mom." replied John, with a sly
    wink.

       He sure had grown up fast in the ways of the world, she
    thought as she pulled her panties over her thighs and
    struggled into her crumpled dress. John stared at his
    mother's exquisite legs, and glimpsed a brief flash of her
    tight ass before she smoothed down her dress. He lay back on
    his bed, seeing her for the first time in a totally different
    light. No longer was she the mother that cleaned his clothes,
    made his breakfast and washed the dishes. She was his lover,
    and nobody on earth would ever change that.

       "Can we do it again soon, Mom?", he asked hopefully,
    staring at the swell of her curvaceous tits, once more hidden
    seductively beneath the thin material of her dress, only the
    hard, erect nipples betraying her inner feelings.

       "I don't know, sweetheart. We'll have to be very careful
    that nobody finds out, or there'll be hell to pay!"

       Although she didn't admit it, Tina already knew the answer
    as she looked down at his limp cock, remembering vividly how
    it had brought her to a sexual peak which she rarely achieved
    any more. Bending down, she kissed him on the lips. It was a
    quick, motherly kiss, but her hand on his thigh spoke
    volumes. "Come on you gorgeous hunk! Up and at 'em! You've
    got a game to play."

       Tina hurried from the room, leaving her son to ponder the
    events of the last half-hour..........


                             Chapter 19

       After John and her parents left, Julie went to her room
    and began to try on her swimsuits, trying to choose just the
    right one. One that would give that hunk Bob Conroy, exactly
    the message she wanted! Her favorite was a small black bikini
    which her mother didn't even know she had, because she
    certainly wouldn't have approved of the vast expanse of bare
    skin which the tiny garment exposed. Posing like model in
    front of the mirror, she turned her body from side to side,
    admiring her reflection.

       The flimsy top barely contained her firm, round tits, and
    her nipples stood out visibly against the sheer, black
    material. The bikini bottom was just as tiny, and consisted
    of a thin strip of cloth which just managed to cover her
    crotch, before disappearing between her legs and the luscious
    cheeks of her ass, hugging her flesh so tightly that it
    outlined with vivid clarity, every detail of her young
    fourteen year-old pussy. "Perfect!" she said to herself,
    "Wait till ol' Bobby gets a load of this!" Julie threw on a
    short robe and went back into the backyard to wait for him.
    She made herself comfortable on one of the airbeds beside the
    pool, arranging her robe so that it showed just a hint of her
    gorgeous young body, and pretended to read.

       Right on time, Bob Conroy arrived at the Simpson
    household. He was tall, with dark hair and a slim, muscular
    frame resulting from many hours at the local gym. He also
    worked around the neighbourhood in his spare time, doing odd
    jobs, pool cleaning and lawn mowing mostly. He enjoyed
    working for Dave because it gave him a chance to feast his
    eyes on Dave's wife, Tina. 'She was absolutely gorgeous,' he
    thought, 'and their daughter was a hot, sexy little number
    too'. He'd had a crush on Tina since the first day
    he'd seen her watering the front lawn in those tight little
    shorts she always wore.

       He remembered watching her over the fence, as she worked
    in the front yard. When she bent over to fiddle with the
    sprinkler, he had almost come in his pants. He could still
    see the firm, well-rounded cheeks of her ass and the dark,
    enticing space between them.  He longed to stand behind those
    lusciously firm mounds and slide his rigid cock into her cunt
    from behind. 'One day perhaps,' he thought, 'If I get up
    enough courage to try!'

       Whistling happily to himself, Bob walked straight down the
    side of the house and opened the gate leading to the pool.
    Julie heard him coming and immediately began to look
    engrossed in her book. When he saw her, Bob called out his
    usual greeting, "Hi Julie!.... your Mom or Dad home?"

       "Hello Bob!" replied Julie, trying hard to appear natural,
    "No, they've all gone to John's football game."

       "Oh!", said Bob, sounding a little disappointed, "Well
    your father asked me to come over and clean the pool."

       "Ohhh, good! I've been wanting to cool off all morning,
    but it looked so dirty I didn't bother", she lied.

       "Don't worry pretty lady!", he chuckled, doing his best
    John Wayne impersonation, "I'll fix your pool."

       Julie laughed, and watched him carry his pool cleaning kit
    over to the edge of the pool. Without being too obvious, she
    followed him with her eyes every inch of the way. He was
    wearing tight denim shorts and a tee shirt, cutoff so that
    most of his tanned midrift showed from just under his
    pectorals to just below his navel. 'Wow! Just who was trying
    to seduce whom here?', she wondered, feeling her pussy
    moisten deliciously at the heavenly sight of so much naked
    man-flesh........


                             Chapter 20

       "I won't be long, Julie. It shouldn't take more than about
    half an hour before you'll be able to enjoy a nice cool
    swim.", he smiled, beginning to clean out the debris which
    littered the top of the pool.

       "Ok! Thanks, Bob!", replied Julie. 'Hmmmmm, take your time
    you gorgeous hunk!' she thought, staring at the boy's tight,
    muscular behind.

       She uncrossed her legs to relieve some of the itchy heat
    building up between her thighs. His long muscular legs and
    broad shoulders flexed as he worked, and Julie found it
    difficult to concentrate on pretending to read when he bent
    over to fish something out of the pool.

       The bulge of his crotch was not overly large, but Julie
    could see that Bob had quite enough in that department to
    fulfill all her needs. She loosened her robe and let it gape
    open, revealing the fullness of her young breasts. Bob had
    noticed her bikini-clad body as soon as he arrived. His eyes
    travelled briefly over the curve of her thighs before
    settling on the unmistakable swell of her breasts, which were
    surprisingly large for a girl so young. How old was she?
    Fourteen? Fifteen?  'Jailbait for sure!', Bob thought, 'But
    it would be worth it to fuck that!.... Christ, what a ripe
    little body, and I bet her pussy's damn tight too!'

       Bob fought down the mounting feelings of lust that swept
    over him in case she should notice the rising lump in his
    pants. But it was too late, Julie's eyes had been watching
    her prey like a hawk. She detected the enticing bulge before
    it even occurred to him. 'Jesus! He's finally beginning to
    notice!', she thought, letting her robe fall still further
    apart. She was a younger version of her mother he decided,
    except her hair was a light brown instead of honey blonde,
    but she certainly had her mother's figure, that's for sure!
    Bob hadn't really taken all that much notice before, but now
    it suddenly struck him how much mother and daughter looked
    alike.

       Julie pretended to read her book, occasionally looking in
    his direction as Bob went about his work. At every chance,
    the young girl moved her body to show off her best features.
    Her robe was almost falling off her shoulders now, and her
    long, slim legs were completely bare. Bob found it
    increasingly difficult to concentrate on what he was doing,
    as Julie revealed more and more of her delectable charms.
    Finally she stood up and took off her robe completely. Bob
    looked up and almost fell into the pool! Jesus! What was she
    wearing? She might as well have been naked for all that her
    bikini was covering!

       His cock swelled alarmingly, pushing against the front of
    his shorts like a pressure hose. Julie stood up long enough
    to give Bob a good look at her crotch and tits, before
    flopping back onto the airbed, face down. Bob stood up and
    stared at the perfect, round globes of her young ass. "Christ
    that's nice!", he whispered under his breath. Her body
    gleamed in the sun as Bob stood on the other side of the
    pool, staring at it. Julie had a sly little smile on her
    face. She knew that Bob was looking at her, and it made her
    pussy crawl just to think about it. 'Not long now!', she
    thought to herself.

       Bob walked around the pool towards her. "I'm all finished
    Julie! Anything else you want me to do?", he asked, gazing at
    her firm, round buttocks. She rolled over and looked up at
    him, suppressing an urge to giggle at the hidden meaning in
    his question. "No thanks, Bob. But why don't you stay and
    have a swim with me. It's awfully lonely here by myself." she
    said as sexily as she could. Bob's prick lurched in his
    pants. 'How far would she go?", he wondered. Well, he was
    game to find out!

       "Ok, why not!", he agreed, "But I haven't brought any
    swimming trunks with me."

       "That's alright you can use a pair of John's. They might
    be a bit tight, but they should fit you", said Julie hurrying
    off to fetch them.

       Bob watched her go, his mouth watering at the sight of her
    tight little ass cheeks jiggling around inside her bikini
    bottoms as she ran into the house.......


                             Chapter 21

       'This should be good!', Bob thought, 'I bet she picks the
    smallest trunks she can find.' He took off his tee shirt and
    waited impatiently for her to return. He was looking forward
    to this. If she turned out to be as hot as she pretended to
    be, this could turn out to be a memorable afternoon after
    all!

       A minute later, Julie returned with a pair of her
    brother's swimming trunks. She had purposely chosen the
    skimpiest pair she could find, and couldn't wait to see him
    wearing them.

       "Here!", she said, handing Bob the trunks, "You can change
    in the pool shed if you like!"

       "No, I'll change here. Nobody can see us can they?", he
    asked, enjoying the look of total surprise on her face. 'Two
    can play at this game sweetheart', he thought.

       Julie's heart skipped a beat. "Ahhh.. Umm.. Nnno, nobody
    can see. The fence is too tall.", she stammered unable to
    believe her ears.

       Bob started to remove his shorts. "Aren't you going to
    turn 'round while I change?", he asked.

       Julie fought an urge to say, 'No, Lover! I want to see
    your cock!', and instead replied, "Yeah, sure. Sorry Bob!"
    Reluctantly the young girl turned her back on him as he
    quickly dropped his shorts and pulled on the ill-fitting
    trunks. Her pussy twitched as she tried to imagine him naked.
    When he finished, Bob reached out and playfully slapped her
    firm young backside before diving gracefully into the pool.

       "Last one in's a rotten egg!", he yelled as he hit the
    surface. Julie, giggled and dived in after him, her slim,
    youthful figure cutting through the water like a knife.

       She surfaced and looked around. He was nowhere in sight!
    Then, she caught sight of a shadow moving towards her, under
    the water. As Bob came up in front of her, Julie dove under
    again, practically shoving her ass into his face. She turned
    over and floated on her back, deliberately showing him more
    of her tits and crotch. Bob watched her move about the pool,
    she was deliberately teasing him. She obviously needed
    fucking and she was practically asking for it. He swam the
    length of the pool once, hoping to cool off, and wound up in
    the shallow end.

       Suddenly, Julie's head brushed against his legs. When she
    broke the surface and stood up, she was so close that her
    tits brushed temptingly against his chest.

       "Hi", she said flashing him a sexy smile. Bob grinned
    back. "Hello, honey."

       She reached back behind her neck and undid the string of
    her bikini top, letting her tits fall free. Bob looked down
    at them. They were large and lightly tanned, and stood out
    without the trace of any sag. Firm, young tits just made for
    a man's hands. His balls ached. He wanted to pull her to him
    and fuck his cock into her fourteen year-old cunt until she
    screamed for mercy, but he still wasn't sure that Julie
    wasn't a little prick-teaser who would cry 'Rape!' if he got
    too serious. He had to find out!

       "Do you like my tits, Bob?", asked Julie, cupping her
    hands under each creamy breast.

       "You bet, baby! They're fantastic!", he gasped.

       "Wanna touch them?", smiled Julie.

       "Ohhh, Jesus Christ, yes!", groaned Bob. Julie held his
    hands to her tits, and Bob wasted no time in squeezing and
    fondling the resilient globes with his fingers. Meanwhile,
    Julie began to press her lower body urgently against his
    rising hardon.

       She felt his cock quiver and jump as she rubbed her
    moistening mound insistently back and forth against it. The
    lips of her eager young pussy flowered open as his prick
    pressed roughly between her thighs, seeking out the narrow,
    little slit with practiced ease. Bob pulled the girl towards
    him and whispered in her ear. "You're not a virgin, are you?"

       Julie gasped. "What do you think?"

       "I think I'm going to fuck you!"

       Bob glanced around. There was no one to be seen, and she
    was right, the high pool fence prevented anybody seeing what
    they were doing.........


                             Chapter 22.

       Pulling her to the edge of the pool, Bob lifted her up and slid
    his fingers into the waistband of her bikini bottoms, almost
    ripping the flimsy garment from her body in an wild attempt to get
    at her tempting young cunt. As soon as her pussy was exposed, Bob
    cupped the pert little mound with his palm and squeezed, letting
    his middle finger slide into the hot, slippery cuntflesh. It was
    too much for Julie. The little teenager whimpered submissively,
    telling him in no uncertain terms, exactly what she wanted him to
    do to her.

       "Fuck me! Ooooh, Christ Bob, Fuck me hard! I've been looking
    forward to this all day!" Julie threw her arms around the boy's
    strong shoulders and raised her knees, holding them wide apart so
    he could enter her.

       "Ohhhhhh, yeahhhhh, baby! I'm gonna fuck you alright!", he
    growled, pulling down the front of his trunks.

       With one hand he took hold of his stiff throbbing, prick, the
    other cupped her tiny ass, holding her steady. With eager haste,
    Bob pressed his cock into the girl's waiting pussy, but Julie was
    so small that at first he couldn't locate the entrance her compact
    little cunt. But, after a bit of wiggling on her part, he found
    her tiny sexual opening with the tip of his cock and pressed
    harder, forcing his meaty rod inch by inch, into her juicy, little
    fuckhole.

       "Ungghhhhh! Jesus, baby! That's fuckin' tight!", he grunted,
    easing his big cock into her little twat real slow.

       'Christ, if her cunt is this tight, how much tighter must her
    cute little asshole be?', Bob wondered. His cock swelled at the
    thought, which made it even harder to get the long thick shaft
    fully into the panting girl's vice-like slit. The water, and
    Julie's abundant cuntal excretions soon helped his cock penetrate
    the snug little tube, and it wasn't long before he was balls-deep
    in her tiny cuntal sheath. Once his prick was lodged fully inside
    her snatch, Bob grabbed the cheeks of her tight, little ass and
    began thrusting. Julie squealed like a stuck pig, feeling the
    fullness of a man-sized prick in her little juvenile cunt for the
    first time.

       Russ Miller's boyish dick was nothing compared to this! But
    Julie was suddenly glad that Russell had taken her virginity with
    his smaller cock, because she knew that if Bob had been the one,
    she would have been sore for weeks! Jerking and bucking her hips
    up to meet his screwing cock, Julie held onto the edge of the pool
    as Bob fucked her savagely. His big prick felt rock-hard, and it
    rubbed her clit with every stroke. She squirmed her little ass
    around wildly as Bob rammed into her, holding her ass out of the
    water, cupping her tiny asscheeks for leverage.

       Julie arched her back and gyrated her hips as his cock
    penetrated her deeply. She felt totally filled up, yet strained to
    get every last inch of his dick inside her sex-starved little
    snatch. Bending down, Bob captured one of her strawberry-pink
    nipples in his mouth. She cradled his head against her breasts as
    he sucked it, small moans of pleasure spilling from her parted
    lips. Julie's legs were wrapped around his thighs, pulling herself
    onto his fucking cock as she hung to the edge of the pool for dear
    life.

       As the handsome youth fucked her, Julie began to wonder what a
    slightly bigger cock would feel like. Bob was big, and it felt
    wonderful, but she knew from experience that he was not as big as
    her brother or her father. Their massive pricks would surely split
    her cunt wide open. Deep down, she had a determination to find
    out!  Bob pulled her mouth to his, and kissed her roughly, his
    tongue soaring into her mouth as his cock soared into her cunt. He
    held her hips with both hands and laid her back until the girl was
    almost horizontal on the water. At this angle, the upper ridge of
    Bob's prick rasped deliciously against the hard nub of her
    sensitive, young clitoris. Julie groaned loudly, bucking her hips
    against him, close to orgasm. One more stroke and she'd be there,
    over the edge.



                             Chapter 23.

       "Ooooooh! Uhnnngghh! Unnngghhh! Fuck! Fuck Me Bobby!...
    Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Julie came with a series of high-pitched moans and
    grunts, grinding her tight, little-girl pussy, hard onto the older
    boy's drilling cock.

       Bob continued fucking into her as she came, tearing through her
    tangled, wet cuntbush, and burying his prick deep in her tight,
    teenaged twat. His cock remained buried in her cunt even after Julie
    dropped her legs into the water beside him and stood up on tiptoes to
    kiss his panting mouth. She was impaled on his cock, and it was still
    hard! Her cunt began to quiver at the thought. Jesus, but she wanted
    more of that!

       "God! You're a delicious little fuck, kid!", he said.

       "Oh, Bobby! That was fantastic! Do it to me again, please??",
    Julie whispered, covering the boy's neck and cheek with a flurry of
    hot little kisses.

       Bobby laughed. "Ok Baby, but let's go inside where we can be a
    little more comfortable. I'm starting to get a little bit cold"

       "Yeah, we can do it on my mother's bed. I've always wanted to get
    fucked on my mother's bed.", she confided. 'Me too!', Bobby thought
    with a smile, 'But you'll do for now. Until I can get my cock into
    your mother. Shit! If she's anything like you, baby, it'll be dead
    easy'

       He followed her into the house, watching her naked young behind
    wiggle all the way. 'Jesus H. Christ! What a hot little nympho!' He
    was going to fuck and suck her tight, juicy little fourteen year-old
    pussy until she couldn't take any more, and then he'd fuck her
    mother. Maybe he'd fuck them both at the same time! One on his cock,
    the other on the end of his tongue. Bob was partial to a bit of pussy
    munching, especially if he could get Tina involved! Christ, how he'd
    love to stick his tongue into Tina's wet, juicy slit and eat out that
    creamy cunt of hers! Maybe while her daughter wrapped her tight lips
    or cunt around his jutting cock. The possibilities were endless!



                             Chapter 24.

       Kelly Conroy lay sprawled on her bed, trying to read. Her mother,
    Debbie, had gone out shopping soon after her brother had left to go
    nextdoor and clean the Simpson's pool. She was suddenly all alone in
    the house with nothing to do. She had listened to the stereo for a
    while and even watched some TV but it was no good, she was utterly
    bored. Finally, she had selected a novel from the bookshelf in her
    room and settled down to read it. She tried desperately to get
    involved with the storyline, but her mind just wouldn't concentrate.

       She wondered what was taking her brother so long. The last time he
    spent this much time cleaning a pool, he had told her rather proudly
    that the woman of the house had tried to seduce him. 'The other way
    round, more likely!', Kelly thought. She knew her twin brother well,
    they thought alike, and had much the same tastes, particularly in
    sex. Bob had been fucking her since that fateful night about three
    years, when he had taken her virginity. Since then, Kelly seemed to
    sense when he needed sex and vice versa. Not only that, Bobby was
    regularly fucking their mother too!

       It had all started about a six months after their father left. He
    had run off with his secretary, a young girl half his age, and the
    whole family was devastated. But soon, as they do, things returned to
    normal. Normal that is except that their mother, who was an
    attractive, highly sexed woman was no longer getting laid as often as
    she had been accustomed to. In fact, she wasn't getting laid at all!
    So in frustration, Debbie had turned to her son, Bob.

       It didn't happen suddenly. She must have been thinking about it
    for weeks, trying to suppress the increasingly incestuous thoughts
    she was beginning to have about her handsome young son. Then, one
    night after returning home from a party, more than slightly tipsy,
    Debbie had undressed and climbed into her own son's bed. The liquor
    and her enforced celibacy had turned her into a sex-starved animal.
    Poor Bob never stood a chance, not that he put up much of a fight.
    With a gorgeous, naked woman suddenly in his bed, Bob reacted like
    any other red-blooded male would have done, and fucked his mother to
    within an inch of her life!

       Debbie must have wanted it something awful, because the noise they
    made woke Kelly up. The young girl raced to her brother's room only
    to find her mother squatting on Bobby's erect cock, riding him like a
    bucking bronco, relieving her many weeks of pent-up, sexual hunger in
    one almighty fuck!

       Kelly had not been immune to her brother's obvious masculine
    charms herself, and often fantasized about his big, fat cock whilst
    she masturbated her juicy young slit to a creamy froth. So, as she
    stood in the doorway, watching her brother's magnificent prick slice
    upwards into their mother's gooey cunt, Kelly's initial surprise was
    quickly replaced by pure lust, tinged with a substantial amount of
    jealousy!

       Bob looked up and saw her as she fled from the room, but he was so
    engrossed in fucking his mother's writhing cunt, that he said
    nothing. Kelly returned to her room and fell onto the bed, listening
    to her mother's muffled groans. In her mind's eye, she could see her
    brother's cock sliding powerfully between her mother's ripe, hairy
    cuntlips as the sex-crazed woman bucked up and down on him. A strong
    thrill of arousal shivered through her young body as she imagined
    herself back in Bob's bedroom, kneeling between their thighs, staring
    at the junction of their fucking organs. In her mind's eye, she
    watched herself lower her mouth to her mother's cuntlips and begin to
    lick the tasty glistening flesh as her brother's cock slid into it.

       The scene enfolded in her brain like a pornographic movie except
    that the moans and groans were real! They were coming from her
    brother's bedroom, right down the hall! In her fantasy, she licked
    them both with equal vigour, cleaning her mother's cunt juice from
    her brother's pistoning cock with her lips and tongue.



                             Chapter 25.

       Kelly didn't know what turned her on more, the thought of licking
    her brother's cock, or the thought of licking her mother's cunt! With
    a moan, she opened the front of her nightie and slid one of her hands
    in to cup the soft flesh of her tits. The other dropped immediately
    to her moist crotch and slid under the waistband of her panties to
    delve between the slick parted lips of her highly aroused young
    pussy.

       Her vivid fantasy became more and more lurid as Kelly pictured her
    mother's juicy cunt plastered over her sucking mouth while her
    strong, handsome brother fucked her own tight little hole with his
    hard prick. She was lost in a fantasy world where anything was
    possible and everything was pleasurable. So engrossed was she in
    fact, that she didn't notice that the noises coming from her
    brother's bedroom had stopped. She continued to squeeze her hard
    little tits and rub her juice-soaked little pussy, moaning softly at
    the pleasure rapidly building in her loins.

       Suddenly, Kelly's eyes flew open as light from the hallway
    streamed into her darkened bedroom. Bobby stood in the doorway
    staring down at her scantily clad figure. He was only a silhouette to
    her, but she knew he was staring at the hand moving vigorously
    between her parted thighs. Bob, moved into the room and sat down on
    the bed beside her.

       "You ok sis?" he asked, genuinely concerned. He had seen the look
    on her face as she'd ran from his room, and wanted to comfort her.
    Kelly threw her arms round her brother's broad shoulders and hugged
    him tightly.

       "Bobby! You fucked Mom!", she sobbed accusingly. Bob held her
    closely, feeling the twin points of her hard little nipples pressing
    into his chest.

       "Oh, Kelly!", he whispered, "I'm sorry!. Mom was so hot for it.
    You saw her. I couldn't help myself!" The heat from her body was
    fierce, and the pressure of her firm, young tits against his body was
    driving him crazy.

       "You seemed to be enjoying it!", she replied, looking up into his
    deep brown eyes.

       "Well sure I did, Sis. Jeez, I'm only human after all!", he said.

       Kelly mustered up the courage to ask him more about the actual
    details.

       "Did you come in Mom's .... umm... Mom's....", she stammered,
    unable to say the word in front of her brother, despite what had
    happened.

       "Cunt?", Bob finished the sentence for her.

       "Yes. Did you come in her c..cunt?"

       "No Sis, Mom was so hot she came long before I was ready." He
    smiled, reading the look of relief on her pretty young features.

       "Ohhh Bob, It made me so horny watching you and Mom!" cried Kelly,
    caressing her hands lovingly over the muscles of her brother's back.
    "I was so turned on, I had to take care of myself with my fingers."

       "So I noticed.", he smiled, But it's much better if someone else
    does it for you, Sis. Here let me show you."

       Bob's hands roamed down over his sister's naked flesh, seeking the
    warm, humid softness of her exposed pussy. Kelly gasped involuntarily
    and parted her legs, as her brother's palm slid down over the firm
    curve of her belly. She gasped again as she she felt his hand move up
    the inside of her thighs, then moaned aloud as his fingertips touched
    her pussy. Instinctively, Kelly reached for his prick and pulled it
    out of his shorts. Despite having just fucked their mother, it was
    rock-hard. Kelly marvelled at the size of it, running her fingers up
    and down the long, thick stem. It felt bigger much than she
    remembered.  Bob pushed aside the elastic of her panties and inserted
    a finger into his sister's tight, juicy little cunt.



                             Chapter 26.

       "Oooohoooooh!" she moaned as his long finger slid deeply into her
    sucking hole, "Fuck me, Bobby! Fuck it into my cunt, and make me
    come!"

       Bob liked the way his sister begged for it for it, pleading to be
    fucked, just like their mother had done earlier. It really turned him
    on, and his cock began to throb and pulse in her hand. He had lied to
    her about coming in his mother's cunt, because he felt ashamed. He
    had in fact, pumped her spasming womb full of his hot, white jism
    until it ran out and covered their thighs. He had felt shame at the
    time, because he had enjoyed it so much. But now, he felt no shame at
    all, only a deep burning desire to fuck his twin sister.

       Although he had just spent a load of sperm inside his mother, Bob
    knew that there was plenty left for Kelly. It was building all the
    time, and his balls once more began to ache with fullness. Bob
    slipped a second finger into his sister's well-lubricated cunt and
    forced her back onto the pillows with his other hand. The moaning
    young girl spread her legs wide to allow him better access, her cunt
    gushing pussy-juice around her brother's fingers as it throbbed with
    heated excitement. All Kelly could think about was the anticipation
    of his cock.

       Instinctively moving her hips up and down, Kelly timed the motions
    of her twat to coincide with the plunging dives if her brother's
    stiff digits. She could feel her tortured little clitoris poking its
    way between her cuntlips, little electric tingles shooting and
    bursting across her quivering loins. Finally, needing to find a
    release for her passions, Kelly whimpered, "Bobby, I want you to fuck
    me! I want you to put your big, fat prick inside my cunt and fuck me.
    Oooooh, please do it to me. Just like you did to Mom!"

       Bob acted instantly this time and quickly wriggled out of his
    shorts. Slipping his thumbs under the elastic of his sister's wet
    panties, he slid them down over her long, slim legs, leaving them
    crumpled in a heap around her ankles. Bob spread her thighs as wide
    as he could and moved between them, whistling under his breath at the
    sight of Kelly's open pussy. It was deep red inside, and tight! Much
    smaller than his mother's tender twat had been. His mother's cuntlips
    had spread open widely, exposing the many folds of juicy, pink
    cuntflesh. Kelly's on the other hand was neat and tidy, the fur-lined
    outer lips only just revealing the glistening inner folds, even with
    her legs so widely spread apart.

       Kelly remembered the expression on her brother's face as he looked
    at her naked cunt for the first time. She didn't know it then, but
    she would see that same hungry look many times in the future, in
    fact, every time he sucked her pussy.

       "Christ, you're beautiful down there Sis!", Bob groaned bending
    down towards the object of his desire, "I have to taste you!"

       His lips closed over her gaping slit, drawing the flesh of her
    tender young twat into his mouth. He slipped both hands under her
    trim little ass and pulled her cunt hard up against his jaw. As his
    tongue slipped between the lips of her pussy and stabbed into her
    dilated hole, Bob heard his sister cry out.

       "Ohhhhh, yessss Bobby!  You big gorgeous prick! Suck it! Suck my
    cunt!"

       Kelly squealed with delight as she felt her brother's hot wet
    tongue lapping at the quivering flesh of her juicy, open slit.
    Encouraged by her lusty cries, Bob rammed his tongue all the way
    inside his sister's tasty cunt, stopping only when his nose pressed
    tightly against her clit. In response, Kelly pushed her compact
    little cunt-mound up hard against her brother's mouth, moving her
    slim young hips in time with the boy's jabbing tongue.



                             Chapter 27.

       When her brother sucked the stem of her throbbing little love
    button deep into the back his mouth, Kelly almost screamed with
    pleasure. She held onto him by the ears and pressed his face against
    her squirming cunt. In turn, Bob twisted his juice-drenched mouth
    from side to side, trying to burrow his delving tongue ever more
    deeply into Kelly's sweet, gaping cunthole.  Bob loved the flavour of
    his sister's tasty pussy. He could have happily eaten her eager
    little snatch all night, but the ache in his balls and the rock-hard
    pole swinging between his legs told him it was time for some serious
    fucking. Lifting his face from his sister's twat, Bob scrambled
    between her skinny thighs and placed his cock where his tongue had
    just been. Kelly felt so wet, Bob tried to enter his little sister in
    one stroke, but his swollen organ was less than halfway in when it
    reached a spongy barrier.

       "Jesus Christ, Sis... you're a virgin!', he said with a startled
    cry.

       "Ohhhhh, yes Bobby, yes... but please don't stop!" squealed Kelly.
    "I want you to fuck me! Oooooooooh, take my cherry, Bobby... I wanna
    get fucked!"

       His sister's wanton request excited Bobby beyond belief.

       "Jesus, Kelly! I'll fuck you sweetheart! Oh, yeahhh! I'll fuck you
    good!", he gasped, stroking her flushed cheek.

       Bobby had the urge to slam right down into her, to fuck his prick
    up into his sister's tight, slippery little twat as hard as he could.
    But he knew that she wouldn't be able to take it just yet, it would
    hurt her something terrible.

       Instead, Bobby paused and rested his weight on both hands, giving
    Kelly a chance to accept his thickness inside her. The part of his
    cock that was already insidde her, was getting a really tight squeeze
    as the walls of his little sister's virginal pussy closed around its
    girth. Her warm cuntal walls clenching around his prick soon made him
    want to go even deeper. With a short, hard stab, he forced his cock
    in a little further. Kelly screamed, and at the same instant, Bob
    felt her hymen give way. With a triumphant cry his cock disappeared
    inside his sister's tight young cunt until his balls pressed snugly
    against the damp hairless, little groove of her ass.

       Kelly began screaming differently as soon as Bobby began to move
    his huge cock inside her.

       "Yessss! Fuck me! Oh, God yes! Jesus that's fantastic! Screw me,
    Bobby! Don't ever stop!" Her back was arched and her eyes were
    tightly closed as her brother began to pump into her upthrust cunt
    with long, deep satisfying strokes.

       Kelly remembered coming half a dozen times that night, three of
    them before Bobby even shot off his first scalding load deep within
    her heaving belly. Her pussylips twitched and her cunt began to
    simmer with wet heat as Kelly remembered back to that first night,
    and all the wonderful incestuous pleasure they had experienced since.
    When it came to sex, her bother was insatiable. He had fucked her
    once this morning already. A long slow, wake-up fuck which had left
    Kelly wanting more. But after that phone call from Mr Simpson this
    morning, Bob had hurried off nextdoor, all too quickly she thought.

       'I wonder if my darling brother is getting his rocks off with Tina
    Simpson?', she mused, a sly smile wrinkling her pretty mouth, 'I'll
    bet he is, the horny little devil!'

       Tossing her book aside Kelly ran down the hall and out the back
    door, determined to find out. Next door, she found the pool area
    empty, and Bob's cleaning kit lying next to the pool shed. Kelly
    hurried towards the house. The side doors were open and she peeked
    inside, listening for sounds of activity.

       The house appeared to be empty, so spurred on by the excitement of
    what she might find, Kelly stepped inside. There was no one in the
    kitchen or living room, but she could hear a faint, muffled sound
    coming from somewhere. As she moved down the hallway, it became
    louder and louder until Kelly recognized a familiar moaning sound. It
    was her brother! He was definitely fucking someone, she knew that
    much, but who?  'Tina Simpson, for sure!' thought Kelly, 'He's
    always boasted that he'd fuck her one day. Maybe he's actually
    succeeded!'. She tiptoed quickly down towards the source of the
    noise. It was coming from one of the bedrooms at the end of the hall,
    and Kelly's pulse quickened with excitement as she moved closer.



                             Chapter 28.

       The door was closed, so she carefully tried the doorknob. Locked!
    Kelly looked at the knob in desperation. It was one of those
    multi-purpose household doorknobs with a locking switch on the inside
    and a groove on the outside so that in case of an emergency, the door
    could be opened from the outside using a screwdriver or a coin or
    something.  Of course!  A coin! Kelly checked her pockets and pulled
    out a five cent piece. 'Just the right size', she thought smiling to
    herself, 'and it was an emergency after all, wasn't it?' Kelly turned
    the lock and very, very carefully opened the door a fraction.

       Peeking inside, she saw two naked bodies writhing on the bed. One
    of them was her brother, but Kelly couldn't see who the other
    belonged to. She was was on her back with her legs spread, and Bob
    was on top of her with his back to the door, pumping his cock into
    her tight cunt. And boy did it ever look tight!  From this angle,
    Kelly had an unobstructed view between her brother's legs.

       She could clearly see how the girl's slick cuntflesh gripped her
    brother's cock, pulling out around it as he withdrew and being forced
    inside as he rammed back down. 'Jesus! That's making me hot, just
    looking at it!' though Kelly, licking her lips. Suddenly, the girl on
    the bed squealed loudly, "Mmmmmm! That's so good! So fuckin' good!...
    Shove it in me!... Fuck me hard!"

       "Uhhhhh, You mean like this baby?", grunted Bob, jerking his hips
    downwards with rapid, sledgehammer thrusts.

       "Uhhhh! God! Oooooh, fuck! Mmmmmmm, yesss! Uhhh! Just like that!"

       Suddenly, Kelly recognized the girl's voice. "Julie?", whispered
    Kelly under her breath, "She's only fourteen!" She couldn't believe
    it! Her brother was fucking a kid! 'She sure didn't sound like a
    kid.', she thought, listening to Julie's graphic language. Looking
    closer, Kelly decided that Julie didn't act like a kid either!
    Julie's thighs were spread wide apart with her heels locked around
    her lover's waist.

       As Bob fucked his cock into the youngster's tightly-stretched
    cunt, her slim, pubescent hips bucked high up off the bed to meet his
    every powerful thrust. Kelly licked her lips at the wonderful sight
    of her brother's cock sliding wetly in and out of the child's juicy
    snatch. She was getting so turned on, she simply had to join in. She
    was sure Bob wouldn't mind, but she wasn't too sure about Julie.
    'Well only one way to find out," she thought, pushing open the door.
    The pair on the bed were far too engrossed in fucking each others
    brains out to notice as Kelly stepped into the room and locked the
    door behind her.

       "Well! Well! Well! What have we here?", asked Kelly loudly, moving
    over to the bed. Both Bob and Julie stopped dead in their tracks and
    turned as one, toward the sound of the unexpected voice.

       "Kelly!", said Bob, looking relieved, "Jesus! You scared the
    living shit out of me!"

       "Aren't you pleased to see me big brother?", Kelly said, sitting
    casually on the edge of the bed. She always referred to Bob as her
    'big' brother, even though they were twins. It had started out
    because he was born first, exactly one minute older that his sister,
    but once she had seen and felt the size of his cock, she took great
    pleasure in calling him her 'BIG' brother.

       Julie looked like she was in shock. Her mouth was still open but
    nothing was coming out of it. It was kind of erotic and Kelly
    suddenly pictured Bob's cock between Julie's slackly parted lips.

       "What's wrong honey?", asked Kelly, "Cat got your tongue?", she
    smiled at the terrified girl, trying to calm her down.

       "W...what are you doing here?", asked Julie, trying to hide under
    Bob. "I heard there was a little orgy going on over here", replied
    Kelly, "so I decided to come over and see for myself!"



                             Chapter 29.

       Julie looked at Kelly with total confusion, "What? I don't
    understand!"

       "Well Baby, why don't we let my big brother here answer that
    one.", said Kelly, reaching out lovingly to caress the taut, round
    cheeks of her brother's naked ass.

       "What's she talking about, Bob?", asked Julie, "Is she gonna tell
    Mom and Dad about us?" The young fourteen year-old began to look more
    than a little more worried.

       "No way! She's probably sorry she didn't get here earlier. If I
    know my sister, I bet she want's to join in!", Bob replied with a
    cheeky grin, "Do you think we should let her, baby?"

       "But she's your sister!", countered Julie, realizing how
    hypocritical it was after what she and her own brother had done in
    the shower this morning.

       "Don't worry, I fuck her all the time!", boasted Bob, "I even fuck
    my Mom too! Both of 'em can't get enough of my cock. What do you
    think of that?" Julie's little cunt twitched around Bob's prick at
    the very thought of him having sex with both his sister and mother.

        "I... I don't know!", said Julie, glancing shyly in Kelly's
    direction,

       "It's Ok I guess. I've had the same kind of thoughts lately
    myself"

       "Really?", asked Kelly, "About who?"

       Julie began to feel a little uncomfortable.

       "About my father and brother!", she confessed with embarrassment.

       Julie told them everything. About watching her parents, about her
    brother in the shower, and about her father beside the pool this
    morning.

       "Jesus, Babe! No wonder you almost raped me this afternoon. You
    must have been horny as hell!", laughed Bob, caressing the girl's
    tits. His cock was still buried in her cunt, and it had lost little
    of it's former hardness. The hot, tight grip of Julie's pussy having
    a lot to do with that.

       "Well? Are you two just going to lie there like that, or are we
    going to get this show on the road?", asked Kelly, standing up to
    undress.

       They watched as Kelly took of her top. The dark haired girl wore
    no bra, and as her firm, rounded tits fell free, Julie shuddered with
    an excitement she had never felt before. Bob felt the girl's cunt
    moisten noticeably around his cock as the temporarily subdued fires
    in Julie's hot little twat began to burn fiercely once more.

       "Are you really going to join us, Kelly?", murmured Julie, "I
    don't know if I can do it with somebody watching!"

       "Don't worry darling, I won't be watching for long!", husked
    Kelly, stepping out of her skirt. Both pairs of eyes on the bed were
    watching her as she undressed. She left her panties on, and knelt
    next to them, spreading her thighs as wide as she could so they could
    both see her cute little panty-covered mound.

       Bob's mouth began to water, and he licked his lips sexily as soon
    as he saw the telltale, moisture seeping through the front of his
    twin sister's panties. Kelly saw his lewd gesture and smiled,
    "Hungry, brother dear?", she murmured, running her fingers lightly up
    and down the crotch of her panties, feeling the wet heat radiating
    through the thin nylon. Bob knew that his sister liked to leave her
    panties on when she masturbated. She said that the erotic feeling of
    wet nylon rubbing over her slippery flesh always made her extra
    horny.

       "Jesus, you look good, Kel!", groaned Bob, beginning to move his
    cock in Julie's cunt as he watched his sister's fingers push the thin
    fabric into her juicy slit.

       "Good enough to eat, big brother?", grinned Kelly, pulling the
    elastic of her panties aside to give him a look at the moist, pink
    inner flesh of her tasty young pussy.



                             Chapter 30.

       "Why don't you bring that hot, tasty little fur-burger of yours
    over here where I can get my mouth on it, and I'll show you, Sis!"

       Julie listened intently to the lewd exchange between brother and
    sister, hardly believing it possible! She began to lift her cunt up
    at Bob, urging him to continue fucking her. His cock had grown even
    larger now that his sister was with them, and Julie began to feel a
    twinge of jealousy.

       "Fuck me, Bobby!", she pleaded, "Please, fuck me like you did
    before!" The boy began to move his hips once more, stroking his large
    cock in and out of the youngster's tightly clasping slit.

       Kelly stood up once more and stepped out of her saturated panties.
    "Yeah! Fuck her Bobby!", whispered his sister, climbing onto the bed,
    "Fuck her hot little cunt real good... and while you're doing that,
    you can suck on mine!"

       Kelly stood facing her brother with one foot either side of
    Julie's shoulders so that his mouth was in line with her pussy. With
    legs spread far apart, she ran her fingers through the dark, curly
    pubic bush between her legs and pulled open her pussylips for him.
    Bob moaned deep in his throat at the exquisite sight directly in
    front of his eyes.

       His sister had always had a gorgeous little cunt, and ever since
    that night years ago, when she had first let him suck it, Bob had
    never tired of eating her tasty little slit. He watched as it
    flowered open before his eyes, revealing her most private inner parts
    to his lustful gaze.

       "Move closer Kel!  I can't reach you!", he said, jerking forwards
    trying to get his lips onto his sister's tasty twat. The movements
    thrust his prick further into Julie, who moaned loudly, delighted at
    the extra deep penetration. Kelly arched her crotch towards her
    brother, pushing it at him. Bob pressed his face into her hot, wet
    gash and began to lick and suck hungrily the familiar flesh.

       Julie looked up and saw Bob's tongue quickly disappear into
    Kelly's squirming cunt. The young girl couldn't believe it! She had
    heard about this form of sex, but this was the first time she had
    ever actually seen it. It was stimulating to say the least!
    Especially since the two participants were brother and sister. Julie
    thought of her own brother and wondered if John would do that to her.
    She humped her little cunny up onto Bob's driving cock, quivering at
    the very prospect of having her brother suck her cunt.

       'Ohhh, yes', she thought, 'I'd love it if Johnny would pull off my
    panties and stuck his tongue into my fuckhole like that.
    Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Yesssss!' What about her father? Could she get him
    to lick her hot, wet cuntslit too? Ohhhhh, what about both of them at
    once! Julie began to writhe and squirm her tight little twat up at
    Bobby's cock as wanton incestuous thoughts filled her young mind.

       Bob's lips were everywhere at once as he licked and sucked
    hungrily at Kelly's musky young gash. Knowing exactly how his sister
    liked it, Bob repeatedly dragged the tip of his tongue through her
    cuntslit from asshole to clit and back again, stopping only to stab
    it deep into her juicy little hole. This brought loud moans from the
    highly aroused Kelly who grabbed the back of her brother's head and
    pressed his face into her eager snatch.

       "Bobby! Ohhh, Jesus Christ yesss!  Use your tongue like a cock,
    baby!  Stick it right up into my cunt!"

       Her brother quickly obliged. Spreading his mouth over her hairy
    opening, he plunged his stiff tongue as far up inside her straining
    pussy as he could, sucking noisily.

       "Arhhhh! That's it! Unggghh! You're making me want to come
    already!"



                             Chapter 31.

       Julie watched with fascination as Bob sucked his sister's hard,
    erect clit back and forth between his lips. Kelly's knees almost
    buckled with the exquisite pleasure she was experiencing. From her
    position directly under Kelly's open thighs, Julie could see
    everything. It helped to speed up her own orgasm watching Bob suck
    his sister's squirming snatch while he fucked her. Bob's cock was
    moving at full steam now, slamming into Julie's cunt at almost the
    same tempo with which his tongue was stabbing into Kelly's twat. All
    three were nearing orgasm now, and the room filled with the wet
    slapping sounds of flesh against flesh and the musky aroma of hotly
    aroused pussy.

       Bob concentrated on each of their swollen clits, sucking his
    sister's wetly back and forth between his lips, while mashing Julie's
    against her pubic bone with his driving cock. The girls' bodies
    quivered, their asses gyrated, and their tits jiggled as both of them
    squirmed around wantonly in their quest for release. Finally, Kelly
    squealed with pleasure and began to frantically mash her drooling
    cunt against her brother's face, pulling his head between her
    juice-smeared thighs with both hands.

       "Uhhhhh! Ahhhhhrrrrggg! Fuuuuckkkkk! I'm cummmmmmmmmmming!", she
    bellowed.

       Kelly's legs shook and her back arched as she climaxed violently.
    Julie came soon after, writhing and shrieking like a wounded animal,
    slamming her hips up at Bob's cock with such force that it almost
    dislodged his mouth from his sister's creaming pussy.

       Kelly flopped back down onto the bed beside them, completely
    exhausted. She watched intently as her brother rammed his thick,
    swollen prick into the youngster's tightly-stretched cunt with deep,
    hard strokes. 'Christ, what a cock!', thought Kelly, 'I bet she's
    feeling that right up to her tonsils!' Julie sure looked like it was.
    Her eyes were tightly closed but her pretty little mouth was wide
    open, squealing and moaning obscenities as waves after wave of
    unimaginable pleasure spread rapidly outwards from her cunt, totally
    consuming her lithe, young body in an inferno of adolescent lust.

       "Oooooh! Uhhhhhhh! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!", she groaned,
    grabbing her lovers heaving asscheeks with both hands.

       Bob felt Julie's cunt muscles contract around his cock, gripping
    his pumping shaft with unbearable tightness. In no time at all, his
    hips jerked wildly as the thick cream stored in his swollen balls
    came shooting out of the end of his prick. An incoherent stream of
    obscenities poured from Bob's mouth as he fucked his spurting cock
    deep into Julie's twat, flooding her hot little cunt with his ,
    sticky seed. Julie came again as she felt the white-hot jets strike
    the walls of her womb and ground herself up against his bucking cock
    as hard as she could.

       Kelly lay back and rubbed her juicy pink-lipped pussy as she
    watched her brother's jism flow out between Julie's cuntlips,
    bubbling up around his gleaming cockshaft in a thick foam. Her eyes
    were locked to the incredibly exciting sight. Bob lowered his mouth
    to Julie's trembling lips, and kissed the youngster passionately, his
    cock still moving slowly inside her cunt, although their respective
    climaxes had passed. He was soaking in the juicy tightness of her
    fluttering hole, savouring the remnants of her fading orgasm. Kelly
    scrambled towards them on her hands and knees and lowered her head
    between their joined thighs.

       Bob gasped as he felt his sister's lips on his balls, sucking the
    big round eggs into her mouth, one at a time. Then, she moved her
    attention to his cock and began to lick down the shaft to where it
    disappeared into Julie's clasping slit. Kelly shuddered, and ran her
    tongue gently over the girl's cum-coated pussylips. Now it was
    Julie's turn to moan as Kelly began to lick the tasty mixture of jism
    and cuntjuice from the little fourteen-year-old's quivering cunt.
    Leaning forward to nibble on one of Julie's hard little nipples, Bob
    looked up at her and smiled. "I forgot to tell you," he panted, "Kel
    is partial to a little pussy-licking now and then too....."



                             Chapter 32.

       Julie looked up in wide-eyed surprise as Bob continued. "She does
    this sometimes when I fuck Mom, and boy, does Mom climb the walls!
    She loves to have me fucking her cunt and Kelly licking it, both at
    the same time."

       "Y..you really mean it?  Your Mom lets Kelly suck her pussy?",
    gasped Julie.

       "Yeah! When I'm not around, they do it to each other! You should
    see 'em!"

       Julie pictured Bob's mother and sister locked in an energetic
    'sixty-nine'. The lewd thought made her little clitty twitch and
    throb and with renewed vigour.

       She was brought back to earth as Kelly lifted her head and spoke
    to her brother. "Bobby dearest, how 'bout pulling that baseball bat,
    you call a cock, out of Julie's pussy for a second so that I can get
    at both of you a little better?" Bob turned his head over his
    shoulder and grinned at her.

       "Who's feeling hungry now, Sis!", he smiled.

       Kelly giggled and returned her mouth to her brother's cock,
    running her teeth up and down the exposed shaft.

       "Ouch! You little bitch! That hurt!", he laughed. "How many times
    have I told you not to play with your food!"

       Regretfully, Bobby pulled his cock out of Julie's hot, clasping
    little pussy, and collapsed onto the bed beside her. She immediately
    rolled over and snuggled up against him until his cock lay along her
    inner thigh, only inches from the young girl's well-fucked little
    cunthole. The instant Bobby's prick sprang free, Kelly lunged forward
    and took her brother's long, glistening organ into her mouth, resting
    her cheekbone on Julie's leaking pussy as she sucked and licked at
    the the aromatic mixture of jism and girl-cum which covered Bobby's
    cock and balls.

       Julie moaned softly at the delightful pressure on her clit, and
    instinctively began to rotate her hips in tight little circles,
    rubbing the parted lips of her horny, little snatch against the side
    of Kelly's face.

       "Ohhhmmmmmmm! That's niiiiice!",she whimpered, pressing her firm,
    round tits into Bobby's searching mouth. Her pussy trembled as he
    gluttonously sucked and licked her tiny, erect nipples. Hearing
    Julie's groans of pleasure, Kelly removed her lips from her brother's
    cock and suddenly plunged her mouth onto the youngster's quivering
    slit. Julie screamed as the older girl's tongue slithered into her
    cunt and contacted her inflamed clitoris, sending waves of
    unimaginable ecstasy through her whole body.

       "Oh, Jesus! Uhhhhhnnnnngggghh! Yessss! Suck it! Suck it!", she
    squealed, as her little bud stiffened up under Kelly's tongue.

       Julie had never had anyone suck her snatch before, let alone
    another girl! But she shuddered with delight and instinctively ground
    her flooded cunthole against Kelly's vacuuming mouth like she'd been
    doing it all her life.

       "Hey, don't forget about giving my cock a little attention, Sis!",
    Bob said lifted his mouth from Julie's tits. Kelly nodded her head as
    best she could with her face buried in Julie's cunt, and murmured
    something unintelligible. For the moment, she was having far too much
    fun eating pussy to worry about her brother's problems. Besides, she
    could eat his prick any old time!

       Bob knew that once his sister started sucking pussy, she would be
    busy for some time, and his cock desperately needed some mouth
    action. He sat up and straddled Julie's boobs, rubbing his stiff,
    hard prick between the soft globes of tit-flesh, pushing the tip
    towards her face. Julie looked up at him with lust-glazed eyes.

       "Open your mouth, Honey" he panted, "and suck on my cock!" The
    words filtered through the youngster's pleasure-filled brain, as
    Julie opened her mouth obediently to receive Bob's huge shaft. Just
    as the young girl had never had her pussy licked before, she had
    never sucked a cock either! It tasted funny as it slid between her
    lips, and Julie realized that it was the remains of her own cuntal
    secretions and Bob's sperm that she was tasting. The very thought
    made her hot little cunt literally quiver with lust around Kelly's
    probing tongue...........



                             Chapter 33.

       Strangely enough, the thought only served to excite her more,
    especially with the added pleasure of Kelly's expert lips and
    tongue devouring her inflamed twat. Closing her eyes, Julie let
    her mouth accept Bob's penis. She began to enjoy the feel of his
    hard, slippery flesh throbbing powerfully between her lips. Bob
    moved his hips back and forth, sliding the full length of his cock
    between her tit's and into her hot little mouth.

       "Yesss! Suck it! Suck my cock, Baby!", moaned Bob, "Oh, that
    feels so good!"

       Julie relaxed the muscles of her throat and allowed just the
    tip to penetrate as deeply as she dared. Bob was gently with her
    and soon, she found she could accept more and more of him into her
    throat without gagging.

       "Jesus Christ! Unnnnhhhh! That's it! Take it all, kid!", he
    yelled, almost loosing control.

       He longed to deep-throat fuck the eager young girl, but he knew
    that she was inexperienced and he would hurt her if he did. Not
    only that, he would probably turn her off sucking cock forever,
    and he certainly didn't want that! Instead, Bobby pulled back a
    little and let Julie suck on the bloated head of his cock for a
    while. She licked it furiously, darting her hot pink tongue out
    and around the tip like a slippery little snake. Her own loins
    were heaving madly to and fro as Kelly buried her whole face in
    Julie's juicy cunt and tossed her head from side to side, sucking
    and licking everything she could get her lips and tongue on.

       As Julie's tight, hot lips moved up and down on his cock, Bob
    could feel the cum rising in his balls. "Oh! Fuck yes, Julie! Keep
    that up! I'm gonna blow any second!", yelled Bob. Julie increased
    her mouth suction, anxious to feel Bob's hot load spurting into
    her mouth, eager to taste his creamy jism. But Kelly had other
    ideas!

       "Oh no you don't big brother!", she squealed, pulling her
    glistening mouth from Julie's squirming pussy.

       "You've already fucked Julie once! I want some of that big fat
    prick for myself!" Kelly scrambled up beside them and lay flat on
    her back with her long, tanned thighs wide apart.

       "What are you waiting for lover?", she husked, "Put it in and
    fuck my hot, wet little cunt ragged!"

       Kelly gave her brother a devilish little smile as she looked up
    at him and ran her fingers through the juicy, wet slit between her
    open legs. Bob smiled back.

       "You always did have a way with words, Kel." He bent forwards
    and kissed Julie's parched lips. "Sorry, Honey! This will have to
    keep till later.", he whispered, "I have to take care of a little
    family business".

       Julie grinned at the joke and watched as Bob climbed between
    his sister's open thighs. Seeing a look of disappointment cross
    Julie's face as Bob prepared to mount her, Kelly reached out and
    touched her thigh.

       "While loverboy here is taking care of the itch in *my* pussy,
    why don't you put yours back on my mouth and I'll finish sucking
    you off!", said the older girl, rubbing her hand suggestively over
    Julie's naked flesh.

       Julie quickly positioned her wet, scarlet gash over Kelly's
    upturned face, more than willing to continue where they had left
    off.

       "Ohhh, My God yes!", Julie cried out as Kelly buried her face
    in her pussy, and resumed sucking and licking the girl's tasty,
    young slit with renewed vigour.

       By now, Bob knew exactly how his horny young twin sister liked
    to be fucked. She loved to be teased for a while..., played
    with..., until her hot young snatch simply begged for his big,
    hard brother-cock. Bob wedged the tip of his cock between Kelly's
    pinkly parted pussy-lips, and began to rub the fat, bulbous
    cockhead up and down the milk-slick crevice. Occasionally, he
    dipped it fully into her flooded cunthole, wetting it down in his
    sister's abundant juices before pressing it against her hot,
    throbbing little clitoris.



                             Chapter 34.

       The hard mushroom-shaped tip slid back and forth in her slick
    cunt as Bob positioned himself for the inevitable reaction. Kelly
    felt her pussy pulsate and lubricate with need, her hips moving
    involuntarily against her brother's teasing prick in slow, humping
    circles as she frantically tongued Julie's delicious little slit.
    Julie moaned and wrapped her arms around Bob's neck, pulling his
    mouth against hers as Kelly licked her adolescent young cunt to a
    juicy, glistening froth.

       Kelly couldn't stand it any longer. Her brother's cock sliding
    up and down her pink, fur-lined little gash was too much for her.
    Tearing her mouth from Julie's cunt, the highly aroused young
    sister screamed out her need.

       "Do it Bobby! Do it now!", she pleaded, "I can't stand it any
    longer! I've got to have a fuck! I've just got too!.. Please,
    Bobby! Stick it in and fuck me!"

       Her brother had been waiting for just this moment. She was
    ready! It took only an instant to reposition the head of his cock,
    then he took hold of her slim hips and lunged forwards, jamming
    his monstrous prick into Kelly's twat to the hilt.

       "Uuuummmm... Ungh! Ungh! Ooooohh, My Gawddddd! Bobbbbby!",
    Kelly squealed into Julie's squirming cuntflesh as Bob's cock sank
    balls deep into her snug, little hole.

       Bob had always marvelled at the tightness of his twin sister's
    cunt. No matter how many times he fucked her, his cock always
    seemed like it was buried in a hot, velvet vice! Kelly moaned and
    writhed beneath him, stabbing her tongue into Julie's oily slit
    with the same savage beat that her brother was using to fuck his
    big, wonderful cock into her cunthole. It seemed that her belly
    was full of hard prick, and each time the bloated tip slammed
    against her uterus, a sharp, delightful shock travelled throughout
    her entire body.

       "Jesus, yessss! Fuck me, Bobby! Fuck meee! Ooooooooh! I love
    your prick!" Kelly found it hard to keep her mouth attached to
    Julie's cunt as her strong, virile, young brother began to fuck
    her quivering pussy with long, deep, powerful strokes. Kelly
    resumed her oral attack on Julie's snatch, licking the pink,
    glistening flesh and slipping her tongue deep into the young
    fourteen year-old's musky gash. Julie squirmed her hips downwards
    onto Kelly's upturned face, jerking her fur-covered little mound
    against the girl's hotly probing tongue.

       "Ohhhhhhhh! Kelly! That's it, baby! Lick my pussy! Fuck my cunt
    with your tongue!", moaned the excited youngster.

       Her firm, round tits jiggled tantalizingly up and down in front
    of Bob's face. Still slamming his prick deeply into his sister's
    cunt, Bob leaned forward and without missing a single beat, sucked
    one of Julie's hard, pink nipples into his mouth. Julie screamed
    with delight. Now she had two mouths licking and sucking her
    tortured flesh. It was just too much for her!

       "Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Jesus! Unnnnhh! I'm coming! Unnnhhh! Oh, Kelly!
    Suck my clit! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

       Kelly felt Julie's thigh muscles tense and contract against her
    cheeks as she began to suck the girl's throbbing clitty in and out
    of her mouth, as if it was a tiny, stiff little cock. At the same
    time, Bob slid his lips off her nipple and trailed them up over
    her straining neck, searching for her open mouth. Julie bent her
    head to his and their mouths locked together, tongues sucking,
    probing, dueling. She moaned loudly against Bob's crushing kiss as
    she came, squirming her cunt down hard onto the sucking mouth and
    swirling tongue between her thighs. Julie's creaming cunt filled
    Kelly's mouth with a torrent of hot, sweet girly-cum, which she
    immediately sucked up hungrily, swallowing every last drop that
    the youngster's drooling pussy had to offer.



                             Chapter 35.

       As her climax subsided, Julie lifted her sopping cunt from
    Kelly's juice- smeared face and flopped down on the bed beside
    them, totally exhausted.

       "Nice one, kid?", Bob asked. Julie looked up dreamily and
    noticed that his gaze was fixed on her carelessly spread twat and
    the thick, clear juice that still oozed from the quivering,
    crimson gash.

       "Ohh, God yes! That was fantastic!", she murmured, "I came like
    a rocket!" Bob smiled at her child-like enthusiasm, his cock still
    moving strongly inside Kelly's pussy. Now that Julie's cunt wasn't
    plastered against her mouth anymore, Kelly could concentrate on
    the long, hard prick filling her belly.

       She realized suddenly that she could feel her brother's
    monstrous cock pressing against her intestines. The shaft was hot
    against the walls of her vagina, and the head punching against the
    opening of her uterus was sending thrilling tingles to all parts
    of her body, particularly her tits. She reached up and pulled
    Bob's head down onto her heaving breasts, guiding his mouth over
    first one nipple and then the other, until both were covered with
    a gleaming film of saliva. Kelly moaned with desire, "Fuck me
    Bobby! Fuck me hard! Make me come like you always do!"

       Bob saw the desperate need on his sister's face as she clawed
    at his back and pulled his hips against her grinding cunt with all
    her strength.

       "Ok Sis!", he grunted, "Lift up your legs and we'll show Julie
    a REAL fuck!"

       Kelly obeyed, pulling her knees up and wide, opening her
    streaming pussy until Julie became a little afraid that Bob's
    piercing cock would split his sister in two!  Kelly had no such
    worries. From experience, she knew she could take every inch of
    her brother's huge cock and still crave more! His pubic bone
    mashed wetly against her clit with each mighty thrust, sending
    waves of ecstasy coursing through her writhing loins.

       Julie was amazed at the ferocity with which Bob was fucking his
    own sister! She couldn't believe that such a thing was possible.
    His wet, glistening cock was almost a blur as it stabbed non-stop
    into Kelly's eagerly-spread cunthole. The tight, slippery sheath
    gripped him like a vice, and Julie stared in wonder as the dark
    red, inner lips of Kelly's cunt clasped and sucked at her
    brother's long, thick organ like some juicy, pink mouth. Sobbing
    in ecstasy, Kelly strained her hips high, shoving her wide-open
    pussy up at her brother's impaling cock with every stroke.

       "Fuck! Unnngh! Unngh! Ohhhh! Jesus, yesss!", she whimpered, as
    Bob reached down and slid a finger easily into her tight little
    asshole. He knew his sister well, and used every trick in the book
    to stimulate her. It had become kind of a game with them, to see
    who could make the other come first.

       Julie slid her hand down to play with her slippery, wet pussy
    as she watched Bob's finger disappear into Kelly's anal orifice.
    That was one opening she hadn't even thought of! She wondered what
    it felt like! Lubricating a finger in the juice of her slit, Julie
    spread her legs as wide as she could and slid the slick little
    digit down the crack of her ass until the tip rested against her
    own rubbery ring. She gasped at how good it felt just pressing
    against the sensitive puckered flesh of her anus. With her eyes
    glued to the wildly fucking pair on the bed beside her, Julie
    carefully twisted and probed with her fingertip until suddenly,
    the elastic ring of muscle relaxed, and her finger slid inside up
    to the first knuckle.


                             Chapter 36.

       "Ohhhhh! Ummmmmmmmmmm!", she moaned with wicked pleasure,
    surprised at how easy it had been to get her finger in. She soon
    became even more surprised at just how good it felt! Her tiny
    asshole gripped the probing digit like a hot, velvet vice as Julie
    pushed her finger deeper and deeper. The sensations were like
    nothing the young teenager had ever felt before, and the urge to
    fuck her finger in and out of the tight, clinging sheath was
    irresistible.  Bob looked over at Julie as she began to move her
    finger in and out of her tight little butthole. He smiled down at
    Kelly and said, "Hey Sis! Looks like Julie likes a little rear end
    action too!"

       Kelly turned her head and saw Julie's finger disappear to the
    hilt in her bowels. Her young virgin asshole was wide open now and
    her finger felt like a cock fucking into the hot, buttery tunnel
    of her ass.

       "Use your thumb, Julie! Stick your thumb in your cunt at the
    same time!", suggested Kelly, "It feels almost as good as a cock!"

       Julie did as she was told, inserting her thumb into the slimy
    tube of her vagina, at the same time her middle finger penetrated
    her rectum.

       "Ahhhhhhhhhh! Mmmmmmmmmm! Ohhhh! Yesssssss!", moaned the young
    girl as she felt both her holes filled simultaneously.

       Julie was in seventh heaven! She closed her eyes and began to
    fuck herself with her hand, stabbing her asshole and pussy with
    stronger and stronger thrusts until she was whimpering and moaning
    incessantly. Spurred on by the horny young girl's shameless
    display, Bob and Kelly redoubled their own carnal efforts. Kelly's
    legs were drawn up and wide, and her brother's cock continued to
    penetrate her insatiable twat, again and again, withdrawing to the
    end, then driving in all the way, until his balls slapped against
    the crack of her ass.

       "Unnnggghh, Sis! You gorgeous little fuck!", cried Bob, as
    Kelly used the muscles of her pussy to clasp and caress the shaft
    of her brother's cock as it entered her snatch.

       Kelly smiled. She had her own secret weapon, and she was using
    it to perfection. Bob knew he couldn't last much longer, but he
    wasn't going to give in so easily. He hoisted his sister's legs up
    over his shoulders and grasped her slim buttocks firmly with both
    hands, then thrusting forward with all his might, Bob fucked his
    cock into Kelly's upthrust cunt even deeper than before.

       There was a ringing and pounding in Kelly's ears, and each time
    her brother slammed his prick into her cunt, she felt as if it was
    going to come out of her damn throat! She began clawing at his
    back, hunching and heaving off the mattress to force his cock into
    every nook and cranny of her pussy.

       "Harder, Bobby! Fuck me harder! Ram it in deep! Unnnhhhgggghh!
    Ohhh, Godddd!", squealed Kelly, her voice strained with the
    incredible effort.

       Bob squeezed his sister's buttocks together, forcing the walls
    of her cunt tighter around the thickness of his pistoning cock as
    he drove her body deep down into the protesting mattress, nailing
    her twisting ass to the bed with every powerful thrust.

       Julie watched as brother and sister duelled with each other,
    trying their utmost to push the other over the edge without coming
    themselves. It was a fairly equal battle, with each adversary
    knowing the secrets of the other, but eventually, it was Bob who
    managed to gain the upper hand. Kelly could contain herself no
    longer. A powerful orgasm was blossoming in her groin, and there
    was nothing she could do to hold it back!

       "Yesss! Now, Bobby! Ohhhhh, nowwwww! Unnnhghhh! Fuuuuuuuckkkk!
    I'm cummmmmmingggg!  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

       Her slender legs, pulled tight on either side of her brother's
    thickly impaling cock, and her meat-filled cunt quivered
    spasmodically with the strength of her orgasm.


                             Chapter 37.

       Bob was barely able to hold himself back as his sister
    convulsed beneath him. His balls ached with the need to empty
    their painful, cumbersome load into her tightly gripping cunthole,
    but he managed to contain himself until just the right moment.

       "Yes! That's it! Cum, Baby! Cum! Cum for me!", Bob chanted,
    fucking her savagely, pumping into her until nothing else existed
    but his stiff cock in her hot, quivering cunt.

       Julie was close to coming too. The highly aroused youngster was
    using both hands on herself now, as she tried to match the furious
    tempo that Bob was using to fuck his sister only feet away. The
    dual penetration of both asshole and cunt was something she had
    never tried before, and it was bringing her off real quick!  Not
    to mention the unbelievably exciting sight of Bobby's rock-hard
    prick pounding incessantly into his twin sister's lust-soaked
    snatch.

       The room was filled with the heavy sounds of sex! Moans and
    whimpers of pleasure almost drowning out the wet, rhythmic slap of
    flesh against flesh. Kelly was riding a tide of passion that she
    had never felt before. Her brother had never fucked her with such
    wild abandon before, and Kelly suspected that Julie's presence had
    a lot to do with Bobby's increased arousal, and for that matter,
    her own! She had already come once, and now, Bobby's tireless cock
    was drawing another orgasm out of her tortured young pussy.

       "Ahhhh! Unhhhh! Fuuuuck! Unnnh! Unnnh! Yesss! I'm cummmmming
    again!", she screamed.

       Kelly arched her back up off the bed, pushing her cunt up at
    her brother, the friction driving her wild. She twisted her hips,
    lifting her legs and wrapping them tightly around Bobby's plunging
    ass, her heels digging into the small of his back. At her side,
    Julie was thrashing around mindlessly, and making gurgling sounds
    as if she could hardly breathe.

       "Unnnggg! Ohhhuunnnghhh! Fuck! Oh, Jesussssss! I'm gonna
    cummmmm too!", Julie squealed as she climaxed real hard, her young
    cunt pulsing with tight, wet heat, her asshole grabbing at her
    deeply embedded finger.

       Bobby couldn't hold back any longer! Julie's wanton display of
    lust, combined with Kelly's powerful cuntal contractions triggered
    an immediate reaction. His sister felt it too as she writhed
    beneath him, heaving her hips up off the bed to meet his every
    thrust. She groaned with pleasure as she anticipated the firey
    stream which would soon spurt from the end of her brother's prick
    and fill her thirsty cunt. Bobby's body stiffened and his cock
    seemed to swell even larger as it ploughed rapidly into Kelly's
    spasming wetness. He felt the pressure building in his balls as
    his own orgasm suddenly arrived.

       "Arrgghh! Fuuck! Ohhhh, Fuck! Here it comes, Sis! Here it
    fuckin' comes!"

       Bobby felt his sister's cunt grab his cock with a tightness
    that almost weakened him. The flexing pulsations of it around his
    cock caused his balls to draw up against the base of his prick. He
    lifted his head towards the ceiling, his eyes squeezed shut, his
    mouth open, his face contorted in a mask of pure pleasure. He let
    out a yell as hot jets of thick, creamy jism gushed from the tip
    of his cock, squirting deeply into his sister's convulsing cunt.

       Kelly cried out with pleasure as she felt her twin brother
    coming in her pussy. The splashing juices and the hard, jerking
    cock deeply imbedded in her cunt combined to push her over the
    edge once more, and she screamed with him as a third massive
    orgasm wracked her helpless young body.

       "Unhhhgggghh! Ohhhhhh! Bobby! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!
    Unnnnngghhh!"

       "Ohhh, yes, Sis! Come with me! Come! Come! You hot little
    cunt!", cried Bobby as the eager, incestuous pair clung to each
    other, trembling in mutual climax.



                             Chapter 38.

       Julie was sobbing and moaning beside them, fingers still buried
    in both of her juice-covered holes, her slim little ass bucking
    mindlessly up and down on the bed as her own orgasm slowly
    subsided. She looked over at Bob and Kelly, and saw that they were
    locked in an apres-fuck embrace, kissing passionately. Bobby's
    cock was still buried in his sister's cunt, and he was grinding
    his hips against hers in slow circles. Julie could hear Kelly
    still whimpering softly, the sound muffled by Bobby's devouring
    mouth.

       Pulling her fingers out of her crotch, Julie knelt beside them
    and ran her fingers lovingly over Bobby's muscular buttocks,
    dipping them down between his legs until her fingers found his
    balls. They were swollen to twice normal size, and Julie knew that
    Kelly's cunt must be full to overflowing with her brother's thick,
    sticky sperm. The thought made her tingle with excitement.
    Eagerly, she moved her hand lower and felt the warm wetness of
    Kelly's juices cover her fingertips as she slid her fingers down
    to the junction of cock and cunt.

       Bobby turned his head and smiled at Julie. "How about that,
    Julie?", he asked, "Not bad for a brother-sister act, huh?"

       "Not bad at all.", replied Julie with a smile, "You two must
    practice a lot to get that good at it!"

       "Yeah! Every chance we get! Hey, Kel?"

       Kelly looked up at her brother with half closed eyes. "Not as
    much as I'd like." she confessed, "At home I've got to share him
    with Mom!"

       "Come on Sis, there's always plenty to go around, and you know
    it!", Bob chuckled, lifting himself up off his sisters body.

       Julie stared as his half-hard cock pulled out of Kelly's hole
    with a soft slurping sound, flopping limply onto her thigh as he
    lay down beside her. Bobby's hands went immediately to his
    sister's swollen tits and began to play with the rosy, pointed
    nipples.

       "Mmmm, Ok we do have some great sex, Bobby. But sometimes I
    fantasize about other cocks fucking me.", said Kelly candidly.
    Bob took his hand from his sister's breasts and pulled her roughly
    towards him.

       "Yeah? Who for example?", he asked. Julie flopped down and
    threw her arms around them, hugging them both.

       "Come on Bobby! Don't get jealous.", she said, "Look, you
    fucked me just now and Kelly didn't get upset. Why can't she want
    a little of the same once in a while?"

       Bobby thought about it and realized that although she was only
    fourteen, this kid sure was full of surprises.

       "You're right.", said Bob, giving his sister a tender peck on
    the lips, "I'm sorry Kel! I guess I was being a little
    over-protective towards my little sister. Besides I shouldn't get
    too greedy should I?" They all laughed and hugged each other hard.
    Finally Julie's female curiosity got the better of her.

       "Kelly, I just have to know! Who do you fantasize about?", she
    asked shyly. Kelly quickly glanced at her brother before
    answering.

       "First of all you've got to promise not to get mad at me when I
    tell you."

       "Okay! I promise!", replied Julie with bated breath, "Just tell
    me!"

       "Well, sometimes, when Bobby is fucking me...or when he's
    sucking me off..."

       "Yes! Go on!", encouraged Julie, impatient at the delay.

       "I... I fantasize about Dave. I imagine it's your father
    fucking me!"

       Julie's mouth dropped open in disbelief and Bobby whistled
    softly under his breath. "You mean you want to fuck Daddy?",
    asked Julie incredulously.

       "Yeah, I think he's real cute. Besides, I've always preferred
    older men.", said Kelly, grabbing hold of her brother's cock,
    "Haven't I BIG brother?"

       Julie lowered her eyes in shame and jealousy. She wasn't mad at
    Kelly, because deep down inside, she had felt the same immoral
    hunger herself. She knew now that she wanted to fuck her big
    handsome father too, but how could she admit it to Kelly? Since
    they had been so honest with her, Julie made up her mind to tell
    them. Besides, it could end up being a lot of fun.



                             Chapter 39.

       Bob noticed the look on Julie's face and gently touched her
    thigh. "What's wrong, baby?"

       Julie looked up and a smile crept over her pretty young face
    as she told them everything. She told them about how she had
    watched her mother and father fucking... about her vivid,
    incestuous dream... about herself and her brother masturbating
    each other in the shower, and about how she had teased her father
    beside the pool this morning with her half naked body.

       "Jesus Christ!", muttered Bobby, "All that in one day!" His
    cock jumped at the visions Julie's story conjured up. Especially
    the part about Tina getting fucked by her husband.

       "I know what you're thinking about!", giggled Kelly as she
    felt her brother's prick nudge against her thigh.

       "Yeah? What, smartass?", he teased.

       Kelly grabbed his cock and gave it a jerk. "You're thinking
    about stuffing this thing into Tina's hot wet cunt. Aren't you
    dear brother?"

       Bobby gasped at the sudden pressure around his prick and reached
    automatically for his sister's gaping cunt.

       Julie couldn't believe her ears! First, Kelly admits her desire
    to fuck her father! Now it was obvious that Bobby had the hots for
    her mother! What was she getting into here? Julie's smart little
    brain churned with the possibilities. This could be the chance she
    was secretly waiting for. A chance to live out her wildest dreams.

       "Ok, you two! Listen up!", she said suddenly, "I think we can
    arrange it so that we can all get what we want!" Bobby and Kelly
    sat up, instantly intrigued by the young girl's suggestion.

       "What do you mean?", asked Kelly. Julie grinned at their
    sudden enthusiasm. As Julie began to explain her plan to the twins
    in graphic detail, they looked at each other and smiled lewdly in
    anticipation........


                             Chapter 40.

       By the time John and her parents arrived home, Julie had
    prepared a delicious roast meal for them all. It turned out to be
    a victory dinner as well, since John's team had beaten the
    favourites by the narrowest of margins. It was an enjoyable meal,
    and Dave opened a large bottle of champagne to celebrate.

       Normally, their father would have objected strongly to Julie
    and John drinking alcohol, but this was a special occasion and
    Dave filled everybody's glasses to the brim, proposing a toast to
    the conquering hero.

       John enjoyed the attention, and winked secretly at his mother
    when Dave praised his stamina and strength. Tina smiled back,
    pressing her thighs firmly together as she remembered how good her
    son's cock had felt in her cunt this morning. 'Dave's sure got his
    work cut out for him tonight!', she thought, opening her legs to
    cool down her rapidly-heating crotch. She was getting a little too
    excited and hoped it didn't show. Julie noticed the exchange of
    glances and smiled to herself, correctly reading her mother's
    expression. Dave refilled their glasses once more, and Julie
    watched as John emptied his in one almighty gulp.

       Tina was drinking rather heavily too, giggling like a
    schoolgirl as she told Julie all about the game. Julie declined
    when John attempted to fill up her glass, she wanted her head as
    clear as possible tonight. A small amount of alcohol would suit
    her plans, but too much would be disastrous. After the meal was
    finished, Julie suggested that she and John clear the table and
    wash up. Tina readily agreed, and grabbing her husband's arm,
    pulled Dave off to the bedroom.

       John watched his mother leave the room with a look of open
    desire in his eyes. Julie smiled and leaned towards her brother,

       "What's wrong Johnny? See something you like?". John pretended
    not to understand and stood up to clear the table.

       "Come on Julie, let's get this finished!", he snapped, picking
    up his glass.

       Julie went to the kitchen and filled the sink with hot, soapy
    water. Her brother followed her with the dishes and deposited them
    on the sink beside her. As Julie began to wash the dirty plates,
    John slumped into a chair at the kitchen table and sipped his
    wine.

       "Hey, aren't you going to help me?", she quipped. John just
    stared at his sister's cute little backside and licked his lips as
    the alcohol began to fill his young brain with a warm, fuzzy
    feeling. His baby sister sure did look nice as she bent over the
    sink in those tight little shorts she was wearing. He could see
    the dark patch up between her legs every time as she reached over
    to put a plate in the draining rack.

       Little did her brother know that Julie had chosen what she was
    wearing very carefully. After Bob and Kelly left this afternoon
    she had showered and put on the tightest, pair of shorts she could
    find, the ones that showed a great deal of her firm little
    asscheeks when she bent over, especially since she wasn't wearing
    any panties.

       She hadn't bothered to wear a bra either, and the light
    pullover she wore showed off her round, pointed breasts to full
    advantage. No wonder her horny brother was nearly creaming his
    jeans. Julie turned over her shoulder and smiled at him, aware of
    the way he was staring at her body.

       "Are you gonna sit there all night, John?  Get up and give me a
    hand!"

       John looked at his sister's smooth, creamy thighs and took
    another long sip of wine. `Well! It's now or never!', he thought,
    `Let's see if the little sexy little cunt is just teasing.'

    The alcohol was making him bolder........


                             Chapter 41.

       John stood up and moved up close behind his sister, sliding
    his hands up under her sweater to cup the creamy globes of her
    firm young titties.

       "Ohhh! Johnny!", she squealed in mock surprise, "What are you
    doing?"

       "Well Sis," he laughed, "you wanted me to give you a hand
    didn't you?"

       "Ye... yes! But what about Mom and Dad?", she groaned, feeling
    her brother's sizable cock-bulge pressing against her ass.  Her
    cunt began to moisten immediately.

       "They won't bother us for hours", he said, tweaking her hard
    little nipples, "Didn't you see the look Mom gave Dad just before
    they left? They'll be fucking each other's brains out by now!"

       Julie trembled at the thought and knew that he was right. His
    fingers began to squeeze and caress the soft, warm flesh of her
    tits. She wiggled her ass in wanton invitation.

       "Mmmmmmmm! That's nice!", moaned Julie, rubbing her ass
    against her brother's lengthening cock. His big, strong hands
    fondled her naked breasts.

       "You like that, don't you, Sis?", he breathed, nuzzling her
    neck.

       "Yesssss! I love it!" gasped Julie. His fingers felt so good
    on her tits that she strained forwards against his palms, at the
    same time pressing her firm little butt harder against his crotch.
    It felt wonderful, but she wanted more! Her cunt was sizzling with
    anticipation!

       "Feel me Johnny! Touch my pussy!", she pleaded, opening her
    legs for him.

       "My pleasure!", said John, sliding one of his hands down over
    her rounded belly and inside the front of his sister's shorts,
    searching for her panty-covered cunt. He gasped aloud when his
    fingers touched the soft, furry mound of her pussy. `Jesus Christ!
    She's not wearing any panties!', he thought as his fingers slid
    between
    the soft, moist cuntlips. Julie moaned and pressed her hips
    forward against his hand, anxious to get her brother's fingers
    deeper into her juicy slit.

       "Mmmm! Ohhh, Johnny! Put your fingers in me!"

       Julie made a purring sound as she felt his fingers slide along
    the slick, open groove of her cunt.... then dip inside.

       "Jesus, you're wet, Sis!"

       "Uuuuuhhhh! My pussy's all wet for you, big brother!"

       John hunched against her and groaned, kissing her neck and
    nibbling her ear.

       "I knew you were a hot little piece!", he whispered, sliding
    his fingers over her clit.  "After what happened in the shower
    this morning, I couldn't get you out of my mind! I knew you wanted
    it."

       Julie humped her hips against her brother's hand as he fucked
    his middle finger all the way into her tight young cunt.

       "Yes! I did!.. Uhhh, fuck! And I want it now!", she whispered,
    turning her head slightly so that he could kiss her.

       John pressed his mouth against his sister's eagerly parted lips
    and kissed her hungrily, slithering and probing his hot tongue
    deep into the furthest recesses of her soft, warm mouth, in the
    same way his finger probed her sopping cunt-flesh. Julie kissed
    him back, sucking his tongue into her mouth as they frenched
    passionately. Her right hand which had been holding onto the edge
    of the sink, reached 'round behind her and grasped her brother's
    cock through his shorts. It was rock-hard and felt very, very big!
    Suddenly her brother pulled his mouth from hers and whispered in
    her ear.

       "Are you sure you want to do this, Sis?"

       "Ooooh, yes Johnny! I'm sure!", she whimpered, pressing
    herself against him.

       "Okay, then tell me what you want!", her brother demanded. He
    wanted to hear her beg for it... to beg for his cock!

       "I want you to fuck me Johnny!", she said panting into his
    mouth "I want you to stick your big, fat prick into my tight, wet
    little pussy right now and fuck me!"

       "Is that all?", he asked, pulling her against his bulging
    cock, clearly excited by his little sister's graphic request.


                             Chapter 42.

       "No!", Julie replied, breathing heavily, "No that's not all!
    After that, I want you to suck my pussy till I cream again, and
    then I want you to fuck me in the asshole! Do you think you're up
    to all that, brother dear?"

       "You bet your sweet ass I am, baby!", he replied, "I'm gonna
    fuck your hot sexy little cunt into next week!"

       "Ooooooh! Promises, promises!", giggled Julie,

       She was enjoying this immensely and tried her very best to
    excite him. If he wasn't completely engrossed in her, the plan
    might fail. John was excited alright! But he never once questioned
    the sudden change in his normally quiet young sister, he simply
    accepted it as a very pleasant surprise.

       John quickly undid his sister's shorts and peeled them down
    over her thighs.

       "God, I love your ass, Sis!"

       He ran his hands over the smooth, creamy flesh of her pert
    little behind as Julie stepped out of her shorts and slid his
    finger into the dark, blonde thatch which peeked cheekily out from
    between her thighs. Julie whimpered.

       "Ohhh, God! Fuck me, Johnny! I'm so hot! I need your cock in
    me!"

       Her brother dropped his own shorts and stood behind her with
    his throbbing hardon clenched tightly in his left hand.

       "Just bend over the sink, baby and hang on!", John warned,
    positioning the head of his cock between the cheeks of her hard
    little ass, feeling for the entrance to his sister's
    well-lubricated cunthole.

       Julie moved her legs wide apart and bent forward, bracing
    herself for the inevitable plunge. Her asshole was hidden, but
    John could see his sister's juicy, pink-lipped cunt through the
    fuzz of light blonde cunt hair. It looked hot and wet and ready
    for his hard cock! Julie groaned as he pushed forward and buried
    the fat tip between her clinging cuntlips.

       "Oooh, God! Mmmmmmm, yes! Stick it in!", pleaded the horny
    young blonde. John grabbed her by the waist and lunged forwards,
    thrusting his huge cock balls-deep in his sister's steaming twat.

       Julie screamed at the sudden, delicious penetration, arching
    her back and clutching madly at the sides of the sink for support
    as her brother fucked his prick into her tight little cunt from
    behind.

       "Unnnnnnhhhhhhhggggghh! Ohhhhhh, God you're so fuckin' big
    Johnny!"

       The boy grunted and pulled his massive erection out of her,
    until just the fat cockhead remained clasped by her snug, little
    fuckhole. His long prick glistened with his sister's pussy-juice,
    and her tightly stretched cuntlips were pulled out, clinging
    obscenely to the thick shaft. Before she could say or do anything,
    he lurched forwards again and fucked the full length of his cock
    back into the vice-like grip of her teenage cunt, as hard as he
    could.

       "Arhhhgghh! Sis! Jesus, you're tight!", he moaned, feeling the
    walls of her little pussy contract around his invading weapon.

       "Tighter than Mom?", panted Julie, hoping she had been right
    about the sly glances she had noticed earlier.

       "Yesss! Fuck, yess! Much tighter!... Ohhhh, Jessssssuuusss!"

       Julie smiled to herself. She had been right, and that would
    make everything much, much easier later on. In the heat of the
    moment, John hadn't even realized the consequences of his
    admission. Julie didn't care, the all-consuming sensations
    building between her thighs were just too much, and all she wanted
    right now, was for her big, strong brother to fuck her again and
    again and again!

       John's cock was sliding in and out of his horny little sister's
    pussy like a piston... oiled and hot... flexible yet hard as it
    rasped maddeningly over her young clit. His hands left her waist
    and travelled up to squeeze her jiggling young tits as he fucked
    her savagely.

       "Ooooooh! Yessss! Fuck me! Fuck me hard, Johnny!", screamed
    Julie, a little too loudly.


                             Chapter 43.

       "Shhhh! Don't make so much noise, Sis! Do you want Mom and Dad
    to hear us?", scolded John, increasing the speed and depth of his
    strokes in spite of his sisters boisterous reaction.

       "Uuuuuhh! Just shut up and fuck me will you, Johnny!", replied
    Julie.

       Her little cunt was on fire, rippling around her brother's
    lunging cock. She felt the heat spread outwards from her crotch to
    her tits and ass. His hands on her tits felt wonderful, especially
    when he pinched her taut little nipples between thumb and
    forefinger.

       She couldn't help the noise she was making because each time
    his cock entered her cunt it dragged deliciously across her clit,
    sending intense shivers of pleasure up and down her spine.

       "Uhgggggnnuuughh! God, what a hot, tight little cunt! Uhhhhh!
    Arhhgghh! Yeahhhhh, twist it! Twist it around my cock, you
    gorgeous little fuck!!!", John panted.

       He was fucking his little sister like a maniac, driving his
    cock into her juice-covered pussy until his hips smacked loudly
    against the wriggling cheeks of her ass. Julie held on for dear
    life, enjoying the vigorous fucking her brother was giving her. In
    fact, she was enjoying it so much, that she almost forgot about
    her plan. She tried to think straight.

       When her brother began to grunt and moan and fuck his prick
    into her harder, Julie knew that he was close. But he had to be so
    engrossed in fucking her that nothing would stop him from dumping
    his load in her cunt. Julie spread her legs as wide as she could
    and bent low over the sink, thrusting her open cunt forcibly back
    against her brother's pistoning cock with every powerful stroke.
    'Jesus! If he doesn't come soon, I'm gonna faint!' she thought,
    biting her bottom lip to stop from screaming.

       John couldn't believe it. His baby sister was by far the
    hottest little cunt that he'd ever fucked! And boy was she tight!
    She was throwing her juicy little pussy back at him like a two
    dollar whore, and the way his balls were aching, it wouldn't be
    long before she got a cunt-full of his hot cum.

       Julie felt her brother's hands dig hard into the flesh of her
    tits as he pulled her onto his pumping prick. If she timed this
    right, she'd fulfill her plan, and enjoy a nice big, juicy climax
    as well.

       Suddenly, John's body stiffened, and Julie felt her brother's
    cock jerk and swell inside her. 'This is it!', she thought,
    striving towards her own orgasm. Just as the first jets of hot
    thick, sperm left her brother's deeply buried cock, Julie reached
    out and purposely pushed a rack full of plates off the sink. The
    throbbing and ringing in John's ears as he came, all but drowned
    out the thunderous crash of smashing crockery as the plates hit
    the kitchen floor. Neither brother nor sister even paused as
    John's cock pulsed madly, injecting spurt after spurt of red-hot
    jism into his little sister's squirming pussy.

       Julie screamed as her brother's full, hot load gushed against
    the walls of her cunt, and responded in kind, coming suddenly in a
    hot, sweet rush. John continued to fuck her even after his balls
    were empty, his throbbing cock drawing every last, delicious spasm
    from her seething young twat. He pulled her upright with his prick
    still buried inside her and kissed her neck and shoulders.

       "Fuck, that was fantastic Sis!", he panted, "Was it a good one
    for you too?" Julie never got a chance to answer as a loud voice
    boomed out from behind them.

       "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TWO DOING?!"

       John spun around so fast that his cock almost bent double as
    it tried to exit Julie's pussy at the wrong angle.

       "Ouch!", he cried, trying to hide his naked cock with both
    hands.

       Julie turned also, but didn't even attempt to hide her
    nakedness. Their parents stood at the kitchen door, glaring at
    them with obvious shock. Realizing that his hands hid very little
    of his glistening erection, John scrambled for his shorts and
    held them over his rigid cock which hadn't even begun to wilt.
    Julie suppress a giggle as she watched her brother squirm in
    abject embarrassed.



                             Chapter 44.

       "Well?... What in hell's name, is going on here?", her father
    repeated. Julie just looked at them and said calmly, "Johnny was
    fucking me, Daddy!"

       John looked at his sister in disbelief. He wasn't the only one.
    Both their parents jaws dropped as one. Julie felt like laughing
    aloud, but she knew she had to handle this just the right way.

       "He was doing what?!!", demanded Dave. Her father looked very
    angry, and Julie realized that playtime was up. It was time to set
    the ball rolling.

       "Johnny was fucking me, Daddy!", she repeated, "Just like he
    fucked Mom!"

       Dave looked at his pretty young daughter as if she were talking
    gibberish and turned to his wife, who by this time had turned a very
    unpleasant shade of grey. Poor John just stood where he was and
    looked down at the floor, hoping no doubt that it would open up and
    swallow him.

      "Will somebody please tell me what's going on? I think I'm going
    crazy!", said Dave, looking backwards and forwards between his wife
    and his children with a look of complete desperation on his handsome
    features.

       Julie smiled and picked up her shorts. "Ok, relax Dad, before
    you have a heart attack", she said, "I think we should all be frank
    with each other. Don't you Mom?"

       Dave looked at Tina, who still looked like she'd seen a ghost,
    and asked, "What on earth is she talking about, honey!"

       "Ummm, I... uhhh. I think she's talking about sex, dear.",
    replied Tina, moving toward the kitchen table. She had to sit down
    before she fell down.

       "Sex?", growled Dave, "I can see that!" He waved his had towards
    his children, "But what I want to know is, what on earth Julie meant
    about you and John?"

       'Poor Daddy!', thought Julie, 'It's time to put him out of his
    misery.'

       "Tell him Mom! It's not as bad as you think. If it'll make you
    feel any better, I've wanted to fuck Daddy too!" Tina stood up and
    held out her arms to her daughter.

       "Oh, honey! What are we going to do?" Julie hugged her mother
    hard and felt a little tingle in her cunt as her mother's large tits
    crushed against her chest.

       "It's okay Mom! But I think we owe it to Daddy to tell him
    everything, don't you?" Her mother nodded, then turned to her
    husband.

       "Julie's right, honey!  I really don't know how to tell you
    this... but John and I had sex this morning." The silence was
    stunning as Dave looked at his wife. Tina felt she had to say more.
    "Ummm... We... We both wanted it", said Tina, glancing at her young
    son, "and it was... well.. thrilling." She noticed the hurt look on
    her husband's face and hurriedly continued, "It doesn't mean that I
    love you any less Dave!"

       Julie spoke up, "What Mom's trying to say Dad, is that we all
    need sex now and then with someone different. And if it happens to
    be with someone we love, someone in the same family,.. isn't that
    better than going elsewhere?"

       Dave was speechless, he couldn't believe this was happening.
    Finally he blurted, "But that's incest!"

       "That's what makes it all the more fun, Daddy!", giggled Julie,
    "Haven't you ever looked at me with more than fatherly interest in
    your eyes?"

       "Well... No.. I.. um.."

       "Never Daddy?", demanded his daughter, "What about this morning,
    out beside the pool? Your cock was almost bursting out of your
    pants!" Tina and John both looked at Dave, anxious at the outcome of
    this expert cross-examination. Dave looked around the room, and a
    look of resignation came over his face as he smiled back at his
    family.




                             Chapter 45.

       Ok, baby! You win! I looks like I've been the only one missing
    out 'round here!", he chuckled.

       "Not for long, Daddy!", said his daughter suggestively.

       "You haven't been missing out!", quipped Tina, "Not after the way
    you fucked me after dinner!"

       "That's not what I meant, dear, and you know it". Dave smiled at
    his wife,

       "Is it alright if I give our very grown-up daughter a big hug?"

       Tina smiled back. "Only if I can give our big son a nice juicy
    kiss!", she laughed, staring openly at John's limp cock.

       Still naked from the waist down, Julie ran over and climbed into
    her fathers lap, facing him. "Ohhhh! I love you so much Daddy!", she
    sighed, wriggling her pussy onto her father's crotch. Neither Dave
    nor Tina had time to dress properly before rushing out to investigate
    the noise in the kitchen, and both were naked under their robes. As
    Julie wrapped her arms around him and pressed her swollen tits
    against his chest, Dave felt the moist heat emanating from his
    daughter's wriggling cunt, and slid his hand down over the cleft of
    her ass to dip his fingers inside her slit. It was still nice and wet
    from the fucking her brother had just given her, and Dave's cock
    began to rise automatically, pushing up between the folds of his robe
    to nudge at the top of his daughter's widely stretched gash.

      John walked towards his mother and stood between her open legs as
    she lounged back on the chair next to her husband. Tina opened her
    robe, giving the boy a good look at her big, creamy tits and bushy,
    blonde cunt. John's virile young prick throbbed with excitement at
    the sight of his beautiful young mother's luscious charms so lewdly
    displayed. His cock doubled in size with the thought that she was
    wantonly exposing herself like this, in order to turn him on... to
    get him hard enough and excited enough to fuck her!.... Well, it was
    working! His mother had a body that women half her age would kill
    for, and right now it was all his! He would fuck her alright, he
    thought, staring at her glistening, pink slit, but not before he'd
    had a little warm-up first.

       A delicious shiver of utter depravity overcame Tina as she saw
    her son's gaze drop to her open pussy. She knew he wanted her, and
    it thrilled her to think that she could be so sexually attractive to
    her own son. Wrapping her fingers around his cock, Tina rubbed and
    squeezed the length of his hardening shaft until it stuck out from
    his belly like a long, thick spike. 'Just like his father'!', she
    thought, watching the little slit in the tip of his cock open and
    close, as her hand moved back and forth on his tool. Her breathing
    increased rapidly as she felt the powerful, young strength of him,
    throbbing eagerly in her hand.

        John moaned and reached out for his mother's large breasts,
    squeezing the firm, creamy globes with both hands as his palms rubbed
    over her stiff nipples. Tina cradled her son's balls in her hot palm,
    massaging them, twisting gently. She glanced up at him, almost shyly,
    and kissed the tip of his cock, licking the dripping, clear wetness,
    a sure sign of his urgent, boyish need. Tina opened her lips and he
    sucked the large, bulbous head into her mouth, lashing it wetly with
    her hot tongue.

       "Suck me Mom! Eat my cock while I watch Dad fuck Julie!" , he
    groaned.

       A ripple of excitement washed over Tina as she listened to her
    son's words. The Simpson family had come of age, and nothing would
    be the same again! 'Especially sex!', thought Tina as she grabbed her
    son by the hard cheeks of his ass and filled her mouth and throat
    with his huge erection, moaning aloud as the lingering flavour of her
    own daughter's cunt washed over her taste buds.



                             Chapter 46.

       Julie felt her father's cock lengthening between her thighs and
    dropped a hand down between her legs to guide it into her cunt. It
    felt huge! Much bigger than her brother's!  She gasped as the huge,
    purple head pressed into her tiny little hole, pushing aside the
    walls of her pussy like a huge battering ram. Dave felt her wince.

       "Are you okay, sweetheart?", he asked.

       "Uhhhhh! Ummmmmm! Yes, Daddy. I'm fine. I want it all! Put your
    cock in my cunt and fuck me...Hard!", murmured little Julie,
    squirming her juicy, twat down onto her father's upthrust cock. Dave
    groaned and lifted his hips, easing his monstrous prick up into his
    young daughter's ultra-tight little snatch.

       Julie could hardly breathe with her father's cock stuffed into her
    tightly-stretched little pussy. It filled her adolescent cunt to the
    brim and sent tremors of ecstasy through her young body. This was
    it! This was the fuck she had been waiting for since she became aware
    of what her young cunt was really for, and she was going to enjoy
    every second of it!

       "Ooooooooooowhhh! It's all the way in Daddy!", she squealed.

       "Uhhgghh! It sure as hell is! Fuck! Move your hips up and down on
    it, baby!"

       As Julie strained upwards, Dave reached under her thighs and
    lifted her bodily off his lap. His slim young daughter was as light
    as a feather in his hands, and he heard her gasp suddenly as his cock
    pulled out of her tight, clasping sheath.

       Dave held her suspended above his cock, with only the fat tip of
    his massive organ just inside his daughters cuntlips. Julie moaned,
    tossing her long blonde tresses from side to side in frustration. Why
    was he taking so long? She wanted her father to fuck her now!.. to
    drive his long, hard grown-up prick into her aching little cunt and
    fuck her as hard and as fast as he could!... to fuck her until she
    screamed and came, and saturated his big, thrusting daddy-cock with
    rivers of hot, sweet girly-cum!

       Her father knew exactly what he was doing. He'd fucked many young
    women in his time, so many that he'd lost count. But this wasn't
    just any woman... this was his own gorgeous, baby girl, except she
    certainly wasn't a baby any more!  She was all woman and she deserved
    the best, he was going to give it to her!  Dave looked down at his
    fearsome, rock-hard cock, it glistened wetly, poised and throbbing at
    the entrance of his daughters cunt. He looked into her eyes and saw
    the answer to his question even before he asked it.

       "Are you ready for this honey? It might hurt a little.", he
    warned. Julie had never been more ready in her entire life. She
    wanted her father's big prick inside her pussy again, and she
    couldn't wait any longer.

       "Oh, Jesus yes! Don't be gentle with me Daddy. Fuck me hard! Fuck
    me like you fucked Mom last night!", squealed Julie, trembling
    against him.

       "You mean you were watching us?"

       "Yes. I saw everything, Daddy! I watched you fucking Mom and
    wished it was me you were fucking! I even dreamed about it all
    night."

       "Jesus!", Dave gasped, amazed at her words. His very own daughter
    was a sex-crazed little nymph! He couldn't believe his luck. A ripe,
    young pussy just waiting to be plucked, and right here under his own
    roof all the time!

       Groaning, Dave lowered the youngster's quivering snatch down over
    his cock, flicking his hips upwards at the same time, jamming more
    than half of his thick shaft up into her tight cuntal sheath.

       "Oh Yessssss! Oooooh, Daddy, your cock is so big and so hard! It
    feels so good in my little pussy! Unhhhhhhhhh! It fills me up so
    fuckin' good!"

       Dave swore as her hot cunt-flesh moulded like a vice around his
    huge prick. "You want cock, baby?... I'll give you cock!", he
    rasped, jabbing a few more inches of long, thick meat up into his
    daughter's willing cunt.



                             Chapter 47.

       Julie winced and gritted her teeth while her nails dug into the
    hard flesh of her father's broad, muscular shoulders.

       "Oh God! Oh, oh... Daddy! Uhh, Fuck! I love it!... I love your
    cock!"

       Julie began to move her saturated cunt frantically, trying to
    widen her tight little passage greedily around her father's invading
    prick.. there was still more, and she wanted it all. She was filled
    with ravenous cockhunger, overcome with a fervent desire to have
    every last fraction of an inch of her daddy's big cock crammed into
    the depths of her inflamed pussy.

       "Shit, Mom! Look at Julie go after Dad's prick!", cried John,
    watching every move his sister and father made.

       Tina could only mumble a muffled reply around her son's erect cock
    as she sucked him off. She was watching them too, and the sight of
    her husband's big, meaty cock as it stretched their daughter's moist,
    pink cunthole became too much for her. Lifting her right leg, Tina
    draped it over the armrest of the chair, completely exposing her
    juicy, open twat to her young son. John gasped as his mother's puffy,
    pink outer lips parted, revealing the wet, gleaming innermost folds
    of her sex.

       Dropping a hand to her naked pussy, Tina began to play with
    herself while she sucked her son's tasty cock. First of all, she ran
    her fingers lightly through her slit, feeling the moisture gather on
    her fingertips. Then she hunched forwards a little and almost sat on
    her hand, working the stiffened middle finger deep up into the
    slippery, wetness of her cunt. John looked down and saw his mother's
    hand working frantically inside her leaking pussy, fucking herself
    with her fingers like a horny young teenager.

       "Yeah! Do it to yourself Mom! Let me watch you finger-fucking your
    cunt!"

       John stared down at her, mesmerized by the moist sounds of her
    finger as it moved in and out of her pussy. His cock hardened even
    more and he thrust it deeper into his mother's eagerly sucking mouth.
    Beside them, Julie whimpered with delight as she felt Dave's curly
    pubic bush press against her own.

       "Oooohh, Daddy! Have I got it all? Is all of your cock in my
    pussy now?"

       "Yes, baby. You've got it all! Every inch of cock I can give you!"

       "Beautiful," she sighed. "Now, fuck me, Daddy! Fuck me hard!"

       Wasting no more time, Dave began moving his monstrous cock in her
    tight, little hole. The first couple of thrusts were slow and steady
    as he got his bearings. Then, holding her by the hips he lunged up
    into her and began slamming his cock into her little blonde pussy as
    hard as he could.

       As he watched her round, firm tits jiggle up and down in front of
    his eyes, Dave couldn't believe he was actually fucking his own
    beautiful young daughter. 'Hell! She was only fourteen!', he thought,
    with a twinge of guilt. But the feelings of guilt vanished abruptly,
    as Julie began to grind her pubic mound wantonly against his, anxious
    to get the deepest penetration possible. It was then that his cock
    told him that this was no girl he was fucking, she was definitely all
    woman!

       "Uhhhhhhh! Oh, Julie! My baby darling!", he moaned, pulling her
    tightly against him, " Jesus! What have I been missing out on all
    this time?"

       Julie began moving wildly on her father's cock. Her slim rounded
    ass slapped noisily on his thighs as she bounced up and down,
    mashing her highly aroused clit against the thick base of his prick.
    The tight, elastic lips of her adolescent pussy clung wetly to his
    cockshaft as it came out, and then swallowed it greedily as it
    slammed back up inside her again. Her father fucked back at her,
    matching her every movement with long, deep, powerful strokes that
    shook her whole body. Julie whimpered loudly and leaned against him,
    letting her hard little nipples drag across his hard, muscular chest.



                             Chapter 48.

       "Unnnhhhh! Jesus! Fuck me, Daddy! I need it so bad! Ohh, ohh,
    uhh!.. You don't know how long.. uhhh.. how long I've waited for
    this!"

      "I can guess, baby!", her father panted, "I can tell by the way
    your pussy is grabbing at my cock!" Julie smiled at him and
    deliberately flexed her cunt muscles on the next downward stroke.

      "You mean, like that, Daddy?", she giggled.

      "Jesus Christ! Goddamn it, girl!  You'll rip it off if you do that
    again!", Dave grinned.

      Julie felt great! She felt a certain power over her father now, and
    while he was fucking her, she knew she had him in the palm of her
    hand. 'Well, actually, she had him the depths of her pussy', she
    thought, 'But with men, that was the same thing. Wasn't it?'

       Beside them, Tina and John were lost in their own incestuous
    passions. The young boy fondled his mother's large, pink-nippled tits
    as she nursed hungrily on his glistening cock, licking occasionally
    down the length of it to suck each of his hairless young balls into
    her hot mouth. This caused John to squeeze her tits harder, bringing
    moans and sighs of pleasure from both of them. Tina's cunt was on
    fire! She now had three long, slim fingers stuffed inside her flooded
    fuckhole and was stabbing them vigorously in and out, as she sucked
    her son's pulsing prick. At the same time she was using her thumb
    against her clit, pressing and rubbing the slick little bud until she
    thought she would burst with pleasure.

       Dave's hands were all over his daughter's squirming ass as they
    fucked, squeezing and kneading the firm, creamy globes, using them
    like handles to help lift and drive his spearing cock into her hotly
    splayed snatch. Young Julie moaned and wriggled harder as her
    father's fingers slipped down over her sensitive little asshole and
    began to caress the lips of her pussy as they devoured his spearing
    cock. He felt the abundant flow of warm cuntal moisture which
    lubricated his cock, dribble down and cover his exploring fingers.
    'Just what the doctor ordered.', thought Dave, drawing his slime
    covered fingers back through the furrow of her buttocks, spreading
    her hot young fuck-juice liberally around the puckered little rosebud
    of her anus.

       The young blonde teenager gasped with delight as she felt her
    father's fingertip press firmly against the entrance of her tiny,
    rear hole. The little elastic ring of muscle resisted for only a
    moment before it collapsed and her tight, buttery hole swallowed
    Dave's middle finger up to the second knuckle. The long, thick digit
    felt good as it pressed inside her bowels. It felt a lot better than
    her own fingers had done. She whimpered with delight.

       "Oooooh, God, yes! Your finger feels so good up there, so dirty! I
    want to be dirty with you, Daddy! I want you to fuck me there too,
    and I want you to lick my pussy! I want to do everything with you,
    Daddy!

       Dave could hardly believe his ears. He marvelled at the sudden
    change in his young daughter. She looked like a princess, but she
    acted and sounded like a whore, and he loved it!

       "You're a hot little minx, you know that?"

       "Uhhh! Uhhhhh! Wh... What's a minx?", she panted against his neck.

       "Minx are cute little animals that love to fuck"

       "Then I'm a minx! Ohhhh, fuck me! Fuck me hard, Daddy! I'm gonna
    come soon!"

       Julie's supple young body never stopped bucking and writhing. Her
    neck strained and her nostrils flared. A film of perspiration covered
    her forehead, matting the tangled blonde fringe. Small droplets
    became larger ones and and ran down her cheeks to collect in the
    moist valley between her small jiggling breasts.

       Her father knew she was close to orgasm even before she told him.
    He could tell by the frantic way she drove her pussy up and down on
    his cock, grinding her drenched pubic mound hard against his own with
    every thrust. He helped her as much as he could, leaning back on the
    chair and raising his hips so that his prick rammed deep up inside
    her wide-open cunt each time. Julie moaned and scratched her father's
    shoulders as she felt her climax building to unbelievable
    proportions.

       "Uh! Nghhhh! Ooooooh, yesss! I'm coming!", she screamed suddenly,
    "Ooow! Jesus! Fuck! Fuck it in hard, Daddy! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
    Yesssssssss!"


			Chapter 49.


       The fury of his daughter's orgasm took him by surprise, and all
    Dave could do was hang on as she bucked and jerked in ecstasy. Her
    cunt muscles went into a frenzy of movement, flexing and relaxing
    around his cock like mad, almost pumping the jism right out of his
    balls. Dave continued to screw her without letup, determined to make
    this the best fuck she'd ever had in her young life. Julie's pussy
    gushed heavily, leaking out between the lips of her twat and down
    the shaft of his cock to saturate both their loins with warm, sticky
    cunt cream.

       Dave lifted her face and looked into her deep blue eyes. They
    were glazed with passion and lust.

       "I love you, Daddy!", she murmured, and flung her arms around
    her father's neck. Dave felt her nipples drilling into his chest as
    he hugged her back.

       "I love you too, sweetheart. More than you'll ever know", said
    Dave, covering her hot open mouth with his own. They kissed like
    young lovers, using their tongues like rapiers, dueling hotly back
    and forth. With her father's massive organ still buried deeply in
    her pussy, and his hot tongue lashing her mouth, Julie began to feel
    that familiar tingling glow spreading outwards from the centre of
    her cunt. Although she had just experienced one of the strongest
    orgasms in her entire life, she wanted more. She was like a starving
    man given his first meal, who found out that it only sharpened his
    appetite. She wanted to fuck and suck all night!

       "I want you again, Daddy! And I think your cock does too!",
    whispered the horny young teenager, "I want to feel your hot cum
    spurt inside me!" Dave smiled at the frankness of his beautiful
    young daughter.

       "Ok, baby. But let's get a little more comfortable. I want to
    make love to you properly this time."

       "It's ok, Daddy. You can use the other word. Say 'Fuck', I don't
    mind"

       "No baby. I don't just want to fuck you. I want to make love to
    you. I want to do everything a man and a woman can do with each
    other, and then some." Julie trembled against him as she heard the
    words she'd longed to hear.

       "Ohhh, yes, Daddy! Lets go do it now. I can't wait!", squealed
    Julie, lifting herself up off his lap.

       Dave's rigid cock pulled out of her young cunt with a loud, wet
    slurping sound. Julie gasped as she saw his fully erect penis for
    the first time. It stood straight up from her father's hairy crotch,
    gleaming wetly with her juices, fully ten inches long, and hard as a
    railroad spike.

       "Jesus! Daddy! No wonder it felt like it was splitting me in
    two. It's so damn big! Dave stood up and looked down at himself,
    admiring his powerful erection. Women had always told him it was
    large, but now after fucking his sexy young daughter with it, it
    seemed twice as big!

       "All the better to fuck you with, my dear.", he joked in a deep
    voice. Giggling happily, Julie reaching out her hand and wrapped her
    tiny fingers around her father's cock, pulling him along by the
    thick stem.

       "Come on Big Bad Wolf! Little Red Riding Hood wants a good, long
    fuck!", she laughed, pulling him towards the door.

       "Your bed or mine, Baby?", asked Dave, as she led him away.

       "Yours Daddy," she replied over her shoulder, "That way if Mom
    and John want to join as later, there'll be plenty of room. Besides
    it'll be a real turn-on to have sex with you in Mom's bed."

       "We're adjourning to the bedroom, you two!", said Dave over his
    shoulder, "Come on in as soon as you can, Ok?"

       Tina looked up and nodded as best she could with a mouth full of
    cock. Even John had trouble answering. He was very close to
    spurting a load of red-hot cum down his mother's sucking throat.



                             Chapter 50.

       "Ahh, Y..Yeah. Uhhh! O...Ok, Dad, be right there! Ooooouhhh!", he
    replied weakly through gritted teeth.

       Dave laughed, part of him wanted to stay and watch, but his
    persuasive young daughter had other ideas. She wanted her father's
    cock inside her cunt again, and she wanted it now!

       As Dave and Julie disappeared into the master bedroom, John
    looked down at his mother through glazed eyes, watching her full red
    lips slide wetly up and down his slick cock-shaft. Tina loved the
    fresh, male taste of her son, the sweaty flavour of his proud young
    cock made her pussy crawl. She sucked furiously on the head of his
    cock, rubbing the long, hard shaft with her fist at the same time,
    trying desperately to bring him off. She could hardly wait to feel
    her son's thick, creamy seed jetting into her hot mouth. She knew it
    wouldn't be long as soon as her tongue tasted the salty, clear fluid
    leaking profusely from the tip of his rock-hard prick.

       Tina's slick, juicy pussy began to throb with desire. She
    desperately wanted her son to take his hard, young cock out of her
    mouth and ram it deep into her cunt. She was so ready for him, so
    ready to fuck!... Sliding her juice-smeared ass to the edge of the
    chair, Tina positioned her pussy against his knee, moaning aloud as
    John rubbed and pressed it deliciously against her clit. She looked
    up at him longingly, but her son's eyes were tightly closed. All
    that mattered to him right now was her mouth around his cock, and a
    load of boiling hot cum that had her name on it!

       John's balls bounced and swung heavily against his mother's chin
    as she swallowed his cock as deep into her throat as she could,
    grasping his firm, young buttocks with both hands. He felt so big
    that Tina almost gagged, but she managed to take all of him, sliding
    it down her throat until her lips pressed against his curly pubic
    hair. John moaned with pleasure, and began fucking his mother's
    mouth like a cunt, driving the head of his cock into her throat with
    brutal force.

       "Unnhhhggh! Mom! Suck it hard! Eat my big fat cock, you gorgeous
    cunt!"

       She loved the lewd way her son spoke to her, telling her exactly
    what he wanted, ordering her to suck his hard, young prick as if she
    was one of his horny, little girlfriends. Tina loved it! She wanted
    her son to fuck her in every possible way, her mouth, her cunt, even
    her ass! She was so turned on, she wished she could have him in
    every orifice of her body at once, fucking her from orgasm to orgasm
    like a fierce young bull. Her cunt was on fire, the moist, hairy
    lips were swollen and puffy with desire, and her clit seemed to
    bulge in a hard knot. Her cuntlips were being bruised as he banged
    against them, but Tina felt no pain, all she wanted right now was
    her son's thick, steamy cum.

       John was moaning out loud, holding his mother's head with both
    hands as he felt the huge tide of jism rising in his balls.

       "Uhhh! Ohhh! I'm cumming, Mom!  Eat it! Eat it all!
    Arrrgggghhhhh! Yesssss!"

       Tina wrapped her arms around his naked young ass and clung to him
    as he fucked faster and faster into her mouth. Using her tongue, she
    pressed it hard against the base of her son's prick, and sucked the
    jerking, quivering shaft of young cock-meat as hard as she could.
    John shuddered and gave a loud yelp as he came, filling his mother's
    mouth with squirt after squirt of thick, warm spunk.

       Tina swallowed hungrily, gulping down every drop, trying
    desperately to keep up with her young son's powerful ejaculation. It
    felt like it would never stop, and as her mouth filled to
    overflowing, some of his creamy sperm dribbled slowly out between
    her tight, red lips.



                             Chapter 51.

       "Ohoooh, yeah! Fuuuuck! That's it! Keep sucking, eat it all,
    Mom!", he moaned. The boy could feel his mother's throat contract
    rhythmically around his cock as she swallowed, squeezing the cum out
    of his prick like a vacuum pump. Torrents of cunt juice spread their
    sticky warmth over her naked thighs and ass as she squirmed on the
    chair, almost ready to come herself.

       Tina was on fire as she sucked the last of the steamy jism from
    her son's gently pulsating cock. John looked down between her
    shamelessly opened thighs, fixing his gaze on the glistening slit of
    his mother's cunt. Her legs were spread wide apart, and he watched
    in fascination as the scarlet, glistening flesh quivered and
    contracted with arousal. He could clearly see the wet lips of her
    cunt contracting in eagerness. Mesmerised by the carnal beauty of
    it, John reached out to touch her. His fingers slid into the soft,
    wet cuntflesh like a hot knife through butter.

       "Christ you're hot, Mom!" he panted. "Your pussy is so hot and
    wet!" Tina took her mouth from his semi-hard prick and looked up
    with firey eyes.

       "I'm very hot alright, baby." she moaned, "Hot for your cock!...
    How soon can you get it hard again, honey?  I want you to fuck my
    hot cunt with your big fat prick! Uuuuuuuhh, Jesus, your fucking
    fingers are driving me crazy!"

       John had never heard his mother use such language before, and it
    turned him on something awful. His fingers churning around in her
    tight, juicy cunt had a lot to do with it he guessed. If she kept
    talking to him like that, he'd be ready to fuck her in no time at
    all!  For Tina, it was the forbidden act of sex with her handsome
    young son that got her juices flowing, and doing it in the middle
    of her own kitchen added an element of danger which sent thrill
    after wonderful thrill coursing through her tortured body.

       "Say it, Mom!... Tell me what you want me to do. It's making me
    hard again just listening to you!", gasped John, dragging his
    fingers up and down the full length of his mother's juice-filled
    gash.

       "Ohhhh, baby! That's nice!", squealed Tina, hardly hearing what
    he'd said, "Rub momma's clit, nice and hard!"

       As her son obeyed, Tina flopped back and slid her naked butt to
    the very edge of the chair, giving his fingers complete access to
    her cunt.  When his mother didn't offer any more instructions, John
    became somewhat impatient.

       "What else do you want me to do to you , Mom?  Don't be afraid.
    Say it all!" Tina knew exactly what he meant now. It surprised her a
    little to think that her son wanted to hear her describe, in graphic
    detail, her most lurid sexual desires, but what surprised her more,
    was that she wanted desperately to tell him!

       "Mmmmmm! Yes! I love that, Johnny! Play with my pussy, baby!
    Fuck momma's hot cunt with your fingers. Can you feel my pussy
    nibbling at you, baby?", asked Tina through clenched teeth.

       "Ohhh, Fuck, yes Mom!", John groaned, "Your cunt is so hot and
    tight, I can't wait to put my cock in there and fuck you again!"

       "All in good time, honey." replied his mother as she reached for
    his head, "First, I want you to lick my pussy. Do you think you
    could do that for momma, baby?"

       "You bet, Mom!", replied John excitedly. Tina noticed with
    satisfaction that her son's cock was beginning to thicken visibly as
    she spoke. She took it into her hand and rubbed gently up and down.
    Looking into his eyes, she continued.

       "Then, I want you to stick your tongue into momma's cunt.", she
    whispered hoarsely. "Put it in as far as you can, and suck. Suck my
    clit too, baby! Suck it hard, until I come in your mouth. Can you do
    all that darling?" Tina's pussy was quivering uncontrollably with
    expectation as she finished.

       "Christ, yes, Mom! I'll lick and suck your hot, juicy cunt all
    night if you want!" John's eyes sparkled with enthusiasm as he
    listened to his mother's lewd instructions.



                             Chapter 52.

       "Not ALL night I hope, honey!", she replied with a smile. "Because
    after you make me come with your mouth, I want you to take that big,
    thick pole you call a cock and ram it as far as you can into my
    cunt!" Tina paused for a second and gazed deeply into her son's eager
    eyes. "Then, baby, I want you to fuck me good! Fuck your momma's cunt
    as hard and as long as you can, ok?"

       John's cock leaped at the very thought. He remembered how tight
    and hot his mother's pussy had been this morning, and he could
    hardly wait to fuck her again.

       "I'll fuck you alright, Mom!", he boasted, hunching his fully
    erect cock suggestively towards her face, "I'll fill you so full of
    cum, that Dad will be sucking it out of your cunt for weeks." Tina
    shivered. 'He could do it too, I bet!', she thought, savouring the
    feel of his rigid erection between her fingers.

       "Ok, baby," breathed his mother, "get down there and show momma
    what you're made of!"

       John dropped immediately to his knees and crouched between her
    legs. Tina could hear her son's breathing become deep and laboured as
    the excited young lad feasted his eyes on her widely stretched cuntal
    slit. She felt so deliciously lewd and wicked, letting her own son
    look at her this way, and it aroused her immensely to display herself
    to him in such a shameless manner. Lewd, incestuous thoughts filled
    her brain, exciting her even more with their utter depravity. She
    looked down at the massive erection protruding from between her son's
    smooth young thighs, and pictured it ramming into her horny, hungry
    twat, stretching her cunt beyond belief as her own little Johnny
    screwed her and reamed her and fucked her.

       John pressed his nose against her matted cunt-bush and inhaled
    deeply. The delightful odour of her sex filled his nostrils, sending
    primeval urges racing through his brain. The smell of hot pussy
    always turned him on, but the smell of his own mother's pussy was
    absolutely intoxicating.

      "Jesus, Mom, you have such a beautiful pussy! You smell like sex
    itself! I can't wait to taste you!!", murmured John, sticking out
    his tongue towards her glistening pink slit. Tina was impatient. Her
    hips were trembling and her pussy desperately needed immediate
    attention or she'd simply explode.

       "Johnny! Ohhh my God! I'm so hot, baby! Suck me now! Please suck
    my cunt! I can't wait any longer!", begged Tina as she grabbed her
    son's head with both hands, forcing his tongue into her quivering,
    juice-filled snatch.

       "Mmmmffff! Unnnhhmmmmmm!" John's mouth opened just as the lips of
    his mother's pussy mashed against his face. Her thighs pressed
    against his ears and all he could do to keep from suffocating was
    lick and suck the torrent of juices flowing from her liquid cunt.
    John grasped the firm, round cheeks of his mother's ass for support
    as Tina humped and wriggled her hips up at her son's sucking mouth.
    For one so young, the boy performed admirably, never once coming up
    for air as he licked and sucked hungrily on the object of his lust,
    his mother's hot, juicy cunt.

       Tina was on the verge of climax already as John burrowed his face
    deeper into her snatch, nibbling and tonguing her sensitive
    cunt-flesh like an expert. Her son was licking her cunt like it had
    never been licked before! 'Christ what a mouth! He's certainly done
    this before!', thought Tina, `He's as good as his father. Maybe even
    better!' John sucked on his mother's puffy, pink cunt-lips, first one
    then the other, and when his lips and tongue found the gristly nub of
    her clit, Tina began to thrust her pelvis wildly up and down,
    screaming and tossing her pretty blonde head from side to side. John
    gave it all he had, he knew his mother would peak any second, he
    could almost taste her orgasm. Dragging his tongue slowly up the full
    length of her gaping slit, he sucked her throbbing clit deep into
    his mouth.



                             Chapter 53.

       "UNNHHHH! Jesus, Johnny, yes!  Suck it hard!  ARRRHHHGGHH! Suck
    my clit! I'm gonna come, baby!...... I'm gonna cum in your fuckin'
    mouth!"

       John heard his mothers's loud wanton cry and redoubled his efforts
    as she thrashed in wanton ecstasy, pushing her cunt against his
    avidly slurping mouth with such force that John thought she might
    hurt herself. But he needn't have worried, for Tina was soaring with
    rapture, almost bursting with sensations that wracked her slim young
    body in a way she had never felt before.

       "OOOOOOOH, Fuck! Here it comes, honey! I'm cummmmmmmmming!"
    Tina's voice trailed off into a strangled moan as wave after wave of
    orgasmic release spread outwards from her spasming cunt to sweep
    rapidly throughout her trembling body. John lapped at her creaming
    snatch like a thirsty pup, gulping down every drop of his mother's
    generous spendings, until her pussy was squeaky clean. Only when Tina
    lifted his face off her cunt, did John stop licking her pussy and
    look up into her eyes.

       "Ohh, Mom, baby! That was fantastic! I've never eaten a better
    tasting pussy in my life.", he admitted. Tina looked down at his
    juice-smeared face and smiled. "I've never had my pussy sucked quite
    so enthusiastically as that either, sweetheart!", replied his mother,
    letting his head rest against her softly heaving belly.

       "But one thing puzzles me, Johnny. How did you learn to eat pussy
    so well? You could drive a woman half crazy with that mouth action of
    yours!"

       John looked up at Tina rather sheepishly. "Lot's of practice,
    Mom!, he said rather too proudly.

       "Practice? Who on earth with, baby? You haven't been sucking
    Julie's cunt all this time, have you?", asked Tina, feeling strangely
    jealous of her own daughter.

       "No, Mom. But I sure can't wait to try her out! I think I've
    developed quite a taste for it."

       Tina smiled at the unintended pun, but he still hadn't told her
    who's pussy he'd been sucking to get so damn good at it.

       "Well, come on! If it wasn't your sister, then who?" John looked
    into his mother's face, hoping she wouldn't get mad.

       "It was Susie Wilson, Mom."

       "Susie Wilson? You mean little Susie from down the street?" He
    nodded.

       "Christ! She's only twelve!" Tina was stunned. Her son was having
    oral sex with a twelve-year-old girl!  And from what he'd just said,
    regularly at that!

       "She might be twelve, Mom, but she sure likes to suck cock!"
    Tina's mouth dropped open. "We used to call her Suckin' Susan.",
    added John. He could see that his mother was surprised, and he
    received a perverted kind of pleasure from being able to shock her,
    especially about his sex life. Before his mother could reply, John
    told her everything, in graphic detail. "She loves it, Mom. You
    should see her suck cock! Her little mouth can hardly take it all,
    but she manages to eat me down to the balls!"

       "Jesus!", breathed his mother. She wanted to hear more! The
    initial shock was fading, only to be replaced by keen interest.
    Tina's so recently satisfied cunt was beginning to twitch and throb
    again as she listened to her young son's vivid confessions.

       "Remember last summer, when I used to go down to the Wilson's
    every day? Tina nodded quickly, anxious for him to continue. "Well,
    Susie and I used to sneak up to that old tree house at the back of
    their house and get to know each other real well, if you know what I
    mean, Mom." John watched as his mother licked her softly parted lips,
    her eyes blazing brightly. His story was turning her on again and he
    knew it!


                             Chapter 54.


       "Yes, yes. Go on! What did you do, baby? Tell momma everything."

       "We used to eat each other at first, Mom.  You  know,  just  suck
    each  other  until  we came. Her cunt is so tiny, but when she's all
    worked up it swells up, and the juices just drip out of her."

       Tina moaned deep in her throat. "Does she taste good, baby?"

       "She sure does! Fresh and tangy!", he offered. Then,  seeing  the
    sudden  look  of  jealousy  that  crept  over  his mother's face, he
    quickly added, "But not as as good as you, Mom!  You're  the  best!"
    Tina  moved  her hips so that his jaw pressed against her clit as he
    spoke.

       "What else did you do, Johnny?  Did you fuck  her?",  she  asked,
    knowing he could hear the growing excitement in her voice.

       "Not  at  first,  Mom.   I  was  a little afraid that I'd get her
    pregnant. But one day Susie got so excited that she begged me to put
    my fingers in her pussy and finger-fuck her."

       "Go on!", croaked Tina, beginning to grind her moist  mound  ever
    so slowly up against her son's jaw.

       John  felt her hip movements and wondered if she wanted him to do
    something.  "Want me to suck you off again, Mom?", he asked.

       "No, not yet, honey!  Just tell me  everything  that  happened!",
    she  said,  through  clenched  teeth, "And don't leave anything out,
    understand!"

       John knew exactly what she wanted, and planned to give it to her.
    He was going to excite his mother with  the  lurid  details  of  his
    first  fuck,  and then, when she was half out of her mind with lust,
    he was going to ram his cock into his mom's juicy cunt and fuck  her
    brains out!

       "Ok!  Like I said, I got her so worked up one time, that she said
    she wanted something inside her cunt. She's got a cute little pussy,
    Mom. It's almost hairless, with just a fine fuzz of light brown hair
    on the outer lips"

       "Anyway, she flops back on the pillows we brought  up  there  and
    gives  me  a good look at her cunt, spreading those long tanned legs
    of hers as wide as she can. Jesus, it was  beautiful!  I  mean,  I'd
    seen  it  lots  of  times before and that, but mostly I was too busy
    sucking her to appreciate it. You know what I mean, Mom!"

       Tina's eyes were closed and both her  hands  were  squeezing  and
    kneading her rosy, pink tits.

       "Yessss! Get on with it, baby!", she groaned.

       "Well,  she  gives  me  a  strange look and tells me to touch her
    pussy. I said to her, 'What's new about that?  I've  been  using  my
    hands to part your cuntlips every time I eat your gash.'

       "She  shakes  her head and says, 'Not on the outside, put them in
    me and fuck my pussy with your fingers.'  She  actually  begged  me,
    Mom!  She told me to stick them in as far as I could and finger-fuck
    her!"

       "I  knelt between her legs and stroked her thighs.  She whimpered
    a little and kind of hunched her ass up at me."

       "Her skin was moist and warm, just  like  yours  is,  Mom!"  John
    stroked  his  mother's  inner  thighs for emphasis. Tina just moaned
    incoherently. "I reached out and touched her cunt. She  was  so  wet
    that  my middle finger slipped real easy into her hot little hole. I
    pushed deeper, until my whole finger was buried in  side  her  cunt.
    You  should  have  seen  the look on her face, Mom!  The little girl
    smile was gone, she looked serious, like she  was  concentrating  on
    something  real hard. Then, she begs me to move my finger in and out
    of her, and to rub it against her hard little clit. So I did!"

       "She loved it, Mom!  Even more than  my  mouth  on  her  cunt,  I
    think."  Tina was enjoying the pressure of her son's jaw on her clit
    and the perverse excitement his  words  were  having  on  her.  John
    smiled at her obvious state of arousal and then went on.

       "Anyway,  by  this  time,  my cock is bigger than a baseball bat.
    Susie doesn't seem in any hurry to suck  it,  so  I  decided  to  do
    something about it."



                             Chapter 55.

       "I move up on her real close, and spread her legs as wide apart
    as I can. She's too far gone to worry what I'm doing by this time,
    she's only interested in humping her juicy little twat up against my
    fuckin' finger." "I press my cock into her hot little slit, just
    under my finger, and on the outstroke, I pull my finger out and slip
    my prick in."

       "You should have heard the little kid squeal. Shit, I thought the
    whole damn neighbourhood was gonna hear her. So I put my hand over
    her mouth and waited till she got used to having my cock in her. It
    didn't take long, Mom. Susie's a real horny little piece. Soon she
    was bucking that juicy, hairless little twat of hers up at me like
    she'd done it all her fuckin' life." Tina opened and closed her
    mouth, trying to speak, but the sounds wouldn't come, her own heated
    cunt was beginning to dribble juices out onto her son's chin as she
    rubbed against him. "Boy oh boy, Mom, was she ever tight! My cock
    felt like it was in a hot vacuum cleaner lined with grease!"

       "Susie was moaning and whimpering like an animal as I fucked her,
    Mom. Her tight little pussy wouldn't let up sucking and gripping on
    my cock like a damn vacuum cleaner. I looked down at my prick as it
    went in and out of her. It looked so huge ramming into her tiny
    snatch, and every time I pulled out, the walls of her pussy grabbed
    my prick like a goddamn vice! It had such a grip on my cock, I was
    sure we'd end up like two dogs in heat, you know,....stuck together!
    All the time Susie was begging and screaming for me to fuck her
    harder. I never knew that twelve-year-old girls had even heard of
    some of the words she used, Mom!"

       Tina could imagine. Young girls grew up real fast these days. Too
    fast! John continued, watching his mother's every move, waiting for
    exactly the right moment.

       "Then Susie dug her nails into my back and ass, Mom, trying to
    pull more of my cock into her cunt. But it was all in. My balls were
    slapping loudly against the crack of her pink little ass, and still
    she was begging for more!" "Do you know what she said then, Mom?",
    asked John, with a wicked smile on his face.

       "N...No! Wh...What, baby?", stammered Tina, fighting the waves of
    lust building in her groin, trying desperately to prolong this
    wonderfully lewd experience as long as possible.

       "She asked me to stick a finger up her ass, Mom. Can you believe
    that! Little twelve-year-old Susie, asking me to shove my finger up
    her goddamn asshole!"

       His mother could not only believe it, she almost screamed out for
    him to do the same for her.  John rubbed his chin suggestively
    against Tina's mound and went on with his story.

       "Well, I slipped my hand down between her legs and wet my middle
    finger in her cunt juices. Then, I pressed it against her pink,
    little asshole and pushed until her cute little buttocks rested in
    the palm of my hand. My middle finger was buried completely inside
    her hot little butt, Mom!"

       "And you know what, Mom. Susie came right then and there, with my
    cock pounding her cunt, and my finger wiggling around in her tight
    little ass."

       Tina moaned and clutched at her swollen breasts, pinching the
    nipples in near abandon. She suppressed a sudden impulse to beg him
    to fuck her, she wanted to hear the rest of his story first. It was
    magnifying her pleasure a thousandfold.

       "Did you come with her, baby?", asked his mother hopefully.

       "Nearly, Mom! Her cunt grabbed my cock like a hundred massaging
    fingers when she came, and I rammed it into, her so hard that she
    was gasping for breath"

       "Mmmmm, yesss! I know the f...feeling! What happened n...next?",
    moaned Tina.



                             Chapter 56.

       "Well, then she surprised the hell out of me. When she felt my
    cock jerk and swell inside her, she reached down and pulled it out!
    She squealed out something about not wanting to get pregnant, and
    that I should stick my cock in her ass! She wanted me to come in her
    asshole, Mom!"

       Tina was going crazy with arousal listening to John's graphically
    erotic story, and if he didn't do something soon, she was going to
    force her son's cock into her cunt and rape him right here.

       "So I pulled out my finger and stabbed my cock into the little
    bitch's ass, Mom! I fucked her until she screamed for more and then
    until she screamed for me to stop! By the time I filled her hot
    little ass with cum, she was begging for mercy!"

       Tina couldn't stand it any longer. Standing up, she fell forwards
    over the table and spread her lovely, long legs, displaying her
    juicy cunt and asshole to her son's lusty gaze.

       "Fuck me, Johnny! You've made me so fuckin' hot, I can't stand
    it! Fuck me, baby! Fuck you mother like you fucked that little whore
    Susie!"

       John moved quickly behind his mother and rubbed his huge erection
    along the parted lips of her gaping cunt.  A tremor of incestuous
    lust ran through her, as Tina felt her son's hard, naked, body press
    against hers.

       'My darling stud.', she thought as she rubbed her pert little
    butt back against him. John shuddered too, trembling with desire as
    he prepared to fuck his beautiful, willing young mother from behind.
    By this time, Tina was more than willing, she was absolutely dying
    for prick. She couldn't wait! Reaching down between her legs, she
    grabbed her son's penis and guided the lust-hardened organ to the
    entrance of her sopping cunthole. As his mother's hot fingers
    encircled his prick, John groaned urgently.

       "Jesus! Yes! Put it in for me, Mom! Put my cock in your juicy
    cunt, so I can fuck you!"

       Tina was leaking profusely, the clear juice running freely down
    along the insides of her thighs, saturating their loins and bathing
    the tip of his prick with nature's sexual lubricant. John stepped
    forward, getting his cock into position for the final lunge. Tina
    was impatient.

       "Yesss! Come on! Do it, baby! Put your big, mother-fuckin' cock
    inside momma's snatch and fuck it as hard as you can!" screamed Tina
    as she felt her son's fat, bloated cockhead part the wet folds of
    her quivering cunt. Being a good little boy, John did as he was
    told.

       Holding onto his mother's slim girlish hips for support, the
    muscular young teenager rammed forwards, burying his huge pole
    balls-deep in her juicy, suctioning, gash.

       "UNNNGGGGGHHHHHH! Oh, Fuck! Oooh, Fuck me, Johnnnny! God, yesss!
    You're so fuckin' big!", screamed Tina, pushing backwards onto her
    son's plunging cock. John felt his mother's oily cuntal sheath grip
    his shaft almost as tightly as little Susie's had done. He noticed
    however that his mother's cunt was deeper than Susie's, and no
    matter how hard or how deep he lunged, he couldn't feel the end of
    her cunt. At this angle he couldn't get as much penetration as he'd
    like, but it was heaven all the same. Tina craned her neck and
    looked back at her son with lust filled eyes.

       "Oh, yes, yessss! Let momma have it, baby! Fuck that lovely, big
    cock into momma's cunt, you gorgeous little mother-fuckin' prick!

       His mother's lust-crazed cries were like music to his ears. He
    loved it when girls begged for it. Especially when they used the
    foulest and most obscene language possible. To hear his own mother
    urge him on in this way was making his cock harden and swell to even
    bigger proportions, even as he fucked her.

       "I'll fuck you, Mom! I'll fuck you so hard your cunt will be sore
    for a week!", said John, hammering into his mother's upthrust cunt
    like a sex-starved young bull.




                             Chapter 57.

       "Nice one, Mom?", asked John as his mother's cuntal contractions
    faded.

       "Ummmmmm! Sure was, baby... one of the best!", she replied, her
    body still quivered with post-orgasmic tremors. Her rubbery legs had
    collapsed beneath her, but Tina's body remained in position
    supported completely by the table. John continued to move his
    ever-hard cock back and forth in the sloppy warmth of his mother's
    pink-lipped cunt, keeping the fires of desire burning within her.

       "There's plenty where that came from, Mom!.... Wanna fuck some
    more?", he asked, kissing her shoulder and nuzzling her neck.

       "Jesus! You're a stud, baby! Uhhhhmmmmm, and I must be a
    nymphomaniac!", moaned Tina, "I want you again already, baby!" She
    couldn't get enough of his enormous prick! He was such a wonderful
    lover, the best fuck she had ever had. This was the best reason to
    have children, wasn't it? She had her own son's cock plowing her
    cunt, and it was wonderful! If only she'd had two son's, she'd fuck
    them both. Maybe even both at once! Yes, that's what she's do, she'd
    make them fuck her at the same time, one in her cunt, the other
    fucking her ass. "Ooooohhhh, yes! I'd love that!", she whimpered
    aloud.

       "What, Mom? What would you like?", asked John.

       "Oh, nothing!", lied his mother, and quickly changed the subject.

       "Keep fucking me, Johnny!  You've got to come too this time. I
    want you to squirt your hot, thick sperm deep up inside momma's
    pussy, baby!"

       "No problem, Mom!", said the young boy proudly, "I've got just
    as big a load for you as Dad had that night in the tent. Remember,
    Mom? It was running all down your legs. You had to wash the sleeping
    bag next day, remember?" Tina remembered, only too well. Her
    husband's cock just seemed to pump the stuff into her creaming cunt
    for hours.

       "You looked so beautiful from behind, with Dad's big cock
    spreading the lips of your cunt, Mom! Just like the pictures in
    those magazines you found under my bed after we came home."

       Tina remembered them. At the time it had given her a perverse
    thrill to know that her young son probably masturbated while looking
    at them. The glossy pages were filled with explicit photographs of
    unbelievably young cunts being fucked by impossibly enormous cocks.
    They had turned her on so much that she had kept them, even showing
    her husband who had flicked through the pages one night and promptly
    fucked her till the early hours. She remembered them alright!

       "I jacked off, Mom!  While Dad was fucking you in the tent, I
    was outside staring at your cunt, pulling my meat! I fantasized that
    it was me doin' it to you, Mom!  Fucking you just like I am right
    now!"

       "Ohhh, Johnny!", whimpered Tina, "If only I'd known, baby, we
    could have had so much fun together by now! Did you come, watching
    me that night, lover?"

       "I sure did, Mom! I came twice that night. Once when Dad was
    fucking you, and again when I got back to my tent." Tina flexed her
    cunt muscles around his cock.

       "Did momma turn you on that much, baby?, she asked proudly.

       "You bet, Mom! I couldn't get the sight of your juicy twat out
    of my mind!" John fucked his cock slowly back and forth in his
    mother's cunt as he spoke. It was working Tina up to full heat
    again.

       "When I got back to the tent, I couldn't sleep, so I turned on
    the gas lamp real low so I wouldn't wake Julie, and pulled my cock
    out. I don't like to jerk off in the dark, Mom. I like to look at my
    cock as I masturbate and picture it sliding into a juicy cunt,
    instead of my fingers."

       "Oooooh, baby!", Tina shivered, "Pull your cock out for a
    second, honey. I want you to fuck me from the front this time. I
    want to hug you close, and kiss you when I come!"

       "Ok, Mom!"



                             Chapter 58.

       John's cock left his mother's cunt with a juicy plop as she
    turned and sat facing him on the edge of the table, legs spread
    wide. Tina could look her son in the eyes now, and her heart skipped
    a beat at the incredibly sexy look that he gave her as she wrapped
    her arms around his neck and pulled him into her cunt. Her big firm
    tits pressed against his chest, as the boy's long cock once more
    penetrated his mother's steamy hole. Their mouths collided in moist
    passion, and mother and son kissed for the first time since they
    had begun to fuck. It was a deep, lusty kiss, filled with urgent
    need on both sides. Breathless, Tina pulled her mouth from his
    sucking lips.

       "I love your cock, Johnny! I love it stretching my cunt and
    rubbing on my clit!, whispered his mother, nibbling on his earlobe.
    Her nipples were drilling into his chest as she hunched her cunt
    forward at his deeply imbedded prick.

     "Now, Isn't this better than jerking off over some cold old
    photos?"

    "Unnnnnhhh! Fuck, yes, Mom!  M...m..much...uhhhh.. better!",
    replied John.

    "Do you think of me often when you're jerking yourself off, Johnny!"
    His mother rammed forward, grinding her pubic mound against the
    base of his prick.

    "M..mostly, Mom!  But sometimes I think of Susie Wilson, and
    sometimes even Julie."

       "Julie too, huh?" Tina was interested. "How long have you been
    having horny thoughts about your sister, honey?"

       "Since that night in the tent, Mom." said John, hugging his
    mother tightly. "I couldn't help it. I was so turned on, when I got
    back to our tent, I started to pull myself off, like I said. I was
    thinking of you at first, Mom, but then Julie moaned in her sleep.
    It startled me at first, but when I saw that she was still fast
    asleep, I looked at her more closely. She was cute, Mom. Her little
    tits stood out like peaches, and the nipples were erect under her
    t-shirt."

       "What did you do, baby? Did you fuck her?", asked his mother
    hopefully.

       "No, Mom. Tonight was the first time for us. But, Christ, I sure
    wanted to! I could almost see down into the vee of her panties. I
    was rubbing my cock like crazy, Mom!" Tina flexed her cunt around
    his prick and cupped the taut cheeks of his powerful young ass.

       "What did you do, baby!", she breathed.

       "I had to touch her, Mom! My cock was throbbing like crazy! I
    reached over and slid my hand between her legs." Tina pulled his
    crotch against hers as she listened, rubbing her clit against his
    sliding shaft.

       "Uhhhh! God! Was she hot, baby?", moaned his mother, "Was Julie's
    little pussy hot?"

       "Yeah! It felt like an oven, Mom, even through her panties! Sis
    must have been having one hell of a good dream!  As soon as I
    touched her, her legs came open, and I rubbed her pussy with one
    hand and jerked my cock with the other. It was so exciting, I didn't
    even care if she woke up!" I could feel her little slit open up as I
    rubbed it. Her clit got hard too, Mom. After a while, her panties
    got real wet. She was breathing loudly, like she had a cold or
    something. Christ I was hot, Mom!  But I wanted more! I wanted to
    feel Julie's cunt without the panties on, so I took my hand from my
    cock for a second and carefully lifted her little round ass up far
    enough to slip her panties off without waking her."

       "They were wet, Mom!  Real wet! I put them to my nose and
    sniffed. Jesus, she smelled good! Just like I imagined your cunt
    would smell like, Mom!" John kissed his mother's open lips, poking
    his tongue suggestively into her mouth before continuing.




                             Chapter 59.

       "I put my left hand back on her pussy and dipped the middle
    finger between her tight little cuntlips, sliding it in as slowly
    and as carefully as I could. She opened her legs real wide, Mom, so
    I began to finger-fuck her cunt and jerked on my cock at the same
    time! My cock was getting a little sore by now from all the rubbing
    and stuff, so I dipped my fingers in Julie's slit and put the juice
    on my cock, so it'd slide between my fingers better."

       "Jesus! You were finger fucking her cunt, and she never woke up!"

       "Nope! I'm sure she thought it was some sort of wet dream, Mom,
    'cause you won't believe what happened next!"

       "What, baby?  Tell me!". Tina was rapt, her son's cock was
    stirring her cunt and his story was stirring her imagination.

       "Well, just as I was getting my finger real deep into her cunt,
    her hand comes down and grabs mine! Christ, I almost died! I thought
    she'd woken up and all hell would break loose! But, guess what,
    Mom!... Julie didn't pull my hand away, she began to move my finger
    in and out of herself! She was fucking herself with my finger, in
    her sleep, for God's sake!"

       "Seeing her hand working away like that gave me ideas, so I
    grabbed Sis's other hand and wrapped it around my cock. It wouldn't
    go all the way around, but when I let go, she left it where it was,
    gripping my prick.  I couldn't believe it, Mom! Julie's fingers felt
    so damn good on my cock.  I kept looking outside, expecting Dad to
    come in and catch me with my finger halfway up my little sister's
    cunt and her hand around my cock!"

       "By this time Julie was moaning, softly. Really getting off on
    having my finger jammed up her hole. But my cock wasn't getting any
    action!  I began to move her fist up and down my cock. At first, she
    stopped as soon as I let go, but after a while, I found that if I
    rubbed her clit with my thumb at the same time as my finger was
    fucking her slit, her hand would rub my cock on it's own!"

       "It really felt good, Mom!  And now, I had a free hand, so I
    lifted up Julie's top and fondled her titties. Soon, I had the
    nipples sticking up like little spikes, so I bent over and sucked on
    them for a while, trying to fit all of Sis's firm little breasts
    into my mouth at once. I could almost do it too!"

       "She got a little too noisy after a while, so I kissed her to try
    to stifle the noise a bit. But that didn't work. As soon as I kissed
    her, Julie started to moan louder and open her mouth under mine, so
    I stuck my tongue into her mouth and kissed her properly. She was
    getting pretty worked up by then, so I squeezed her clit and held
    onto her hand on my cock, moving it up and down as fast as I dared."

       "We came together, Mom! Julie's cunt heaved and tightened on my
    finger, and her hand gripped my prick like a vice as I sprayed hot
    cum all over her tits. She went all soft and limp, so I pulled my
    finger out of her cunt and wiped up the cum on her tit's and belly.
    Then I noticed her slit, Mom! It was all open and loose, just like
    your's was after Dad had finished fucking you, earlier. I couldn't
    resist! I got between Julie's legs and put my hands under her butt,
    and lifted her cunt up to my mouth. Then, I stuck out my tongue and
    ran the tip through her little slit, licking out all her
    cum-juices."

       "She tasted good, Mom! She tasted like fresh, little-girl sex,
    and I almost came again as I licked her dry. She never said anything
    about it the next day, so I guess she figured she must have dreamt
    it. Anyway, Mom, I'll tell you one thing. Julie sure was walking
    around with a big smile on her face all next day, wasn't she?"

       Tina was so far gone by now, that she didn't even pick up her
    son's little white lie earlier, the one about never having sucked
    his sister's cunt.


                             Chapter 60.

       "You horny little prick!", Tina giggled, "I think your father and
    I have spawned a family of sex maniacs!"

       "You'd better believe it, Mom!, and I can't think of better way
    to enjoy sex than with your own flesh and blood!"

       Tina definitely had to agree with her son there, especially with
    his nice thick prick stuffed so deliciously up her cunt. John
    grunted with the effort as he continued to pound his hard meat into
    her, fucking his cock in and out of his mother's cunt like a
    battering ram.

       "Ohhh! Yes, Johnny!  Fuck me hard, baby!  Fuck your mother
    silly!", whimpered Tina, wrapping her legs up around his thighs and
    digging her fingers deeply into her son's heaving ass as he fucked
    her savagely.

       "Jeezusss! I love you, Mom!  You're such a fantastic fuck!"

       His mother felt her second climax building deep in her groin. And
    as the floodgates opened, Tina screamed out her need, urging him to
    fulfill her deepest desires.

       "Uhhhhnngghhhh! Oh, now! Fuck! Fuuuuck! I'm cummming, Johnny
    darling! Fuck me hard! Put your finger up my ass, baby! Just like
    you did to little Susie! Fuck your mother like you did that horny
    little slut!"

        John felt for his mother's puckered anus and slipped a finger
    inside, ramming it in the the second knuckle as his cock slammed
    savagely into her bucking, jerking twat.

       "Oh, God! Come, baby! Come for me, Mom! Yeahhh,that's it! Throw
    your cunt at me, you gorgeous fuck!"

        Knowing he had brought his mother off a second time, triggered
    John's own climax, and instantly he felt the seething cum race up
    his shaft and burst suddenly from the tip of his cock, with all the
    pent up fury of a volcanic eruption.

       Tina was still squealing with ecstasy as her son's sperm-filled
    balls exploded, filling her belly with squirt after squirt of
    scalding jism.

       "I'm cumming too, Mom! I'm cumming in your hot fuckin' cunt!",
    yelled Johnny, his prick swelling and jerking as it spat out it's
    incestuous load.

       Tina pushed her hips at him, meeting his long, hard strokes with
    savage thrusts of her own. Despite the intensity of her orgasm, Tina
    felt every throbbing jet of John's hot jism as it filled her cunt.
    She came and came, screaming with mindless ecstasy as her son
    emptied his balls into her wriggling snatch.

       "Lift your butt, Mom!", he grunted, "Lift up for a sec!"

       John slid his hands under his mother's grinding ass and lifted
    her up off the table, stuffing his pulsing prick in her cunt to the
    root. She responded immediately by wrapping her arms around his
    neck, and locking her long, slim legs around his waist, impaling
    herself fully on his rigid cock. It was then that John felt what he
    was looking for before, the mouth of her womb. In their present
    position, he was so deep inside his mother's cunt, that the tip of
    his cock was being nibbled by her fluttering uterus. Tina felt it
    too and began grinding her throbbing clit on his pubic bone.

       "Oh...Oh...Unnnhhgghh! Jesus!  You're huge, Johnny! It's in me so
    far, I can feel your big fuckin' cock right up in my belly!", Tina
    whimpered, pressing her open mouth against his.

       John returned her hot kiss, thrusting his tongue deep into her
    throat. Mother and son kissed with passionate abandon, joined mouth
    to mouth, and cock to cunt. They moved as one, squirming and
    twisting against each other like two copulating snakes, milking
    every last drop of pleasure they could extract from each other's
    trembling bodies. John pulled his lips from his mother's mouth and
    kissed her neck, whispering into her ear, "Did you like that, Mom?"



                             Chapter 61.

       Tina gasped for breath and lowered her feet to the floor, still
    impaled securely on her son's cock. His erection had surprisingly
    lost none of it's previous size or rigidity, despite the fact that
    he'd just ejaculated a man-sized river of cum into her thirsty cunt.
    His mother was impressed! "

       "Oh, yes! Yes, Johnny!  I loved it! I must have come at least a
    dozen times, baby!... and you're still so hard! Doesn't it ever go
    soft?", she laughed, consciously squeezing her cunt muscles around
    him.

       "Ummmmm! Not If you keep doing that, it won't, Mom!" Tina felt
    the powerful twitch of her son's cock deep in her cunt, and it sent
    a thrill surging through her.

       "Johnny..." said Tina seductively, "... take me to bed and make
    love to me, properly, baby!  Momma want's a nice long, slow fuck!"

       "Ohhh, Jesus! Yes, Mom! I wanna fuck you again too!", groaned
    John.

       He wasted no time at all, picking his beautiful young mother up
    in his strong young arms, carrying her quickly off to the master
    bedroom.

       When they got there, Julie was lying stretched out on her
    parent's bed, with Dave's head bobbing gently up and down between
    her creamy thighs. The naked teenager's firm, tanned legs were
    draped carelessly over her father's shoulders, as he went down on
    her. Dave was sucking hungrily on his daughter's ripe little slit
    like there was no tomorrow. Julie was moaning and writhing all over
    the bed, loving every second of it.

       Moving across the room with long, powerful strides, John lowered
    his mother to the bed and lay down beside her, next to his sister.
    His cock stood straight up from his groin, stiff and straight, and
    fully ten inches long. Tina snuggled against him and grabbed the
    base of his prick in her hand. At least six inches of pulsing muscle
    protuded above her clenched fist, as she began to jerk her hand
    lightly up and down on her son's massive erection. Julie's eyes flew
    open as soon as she felt movement on the bed, and the first thing
    she saw, was her brother's angry cock.

       "You two... b... been having fun?", she asked, between gasps,
    staring hungrily at her brother's stiff, glistening cock.

       "Just as much fun as you and Dad, by the looks, Sis!  Maybe
    more!", John said, squeezing his mother's tits while she squeezed
    his prick.

       "It s...sure looks like it t...too!", breathed Julie. She
    whimpered loudly and arched her back as her father suddenly took
    her clit into his mouth and sucked hard.

       "Unnnnngggghhh! God, yes Daddy! Suck it! Make me come again!"

       Tina watched with fascination as her husband expertly ate out
    their daughter's plump, juicy young pussy-slit. It proved too much
    for her. With a sudden cry, she pulled her son on top of her and
    rubbed his still-hard cock along her drenched cuntslit.

       "Ohhhhhh! Fuck me, Johnny! For Christ's sake, fuck me! I need a
    big, fat prick in my cunt now, lover!"

       "You mean like this, Mom?!" grunted John, ramming his prick
    forcefully up into his mother's pinkly-gaping fuckhole.

       Now it was Julie's turn to watch in wonder as the thick, purple
    head of her brother's cock parted the lips of her mother's hairy
    twat with a loud slurp, disappearing completely into Tina's puffy,
    blonde cunthole with one almighty thrust.

       "OHHHHHHHH! UNHHHGGHH! GODDDDDDDDD, YESSSS! FUCK ME AGAIN JOHNNY!
    FUCK MOMMA'S HOT CUNT WITH YOUR LONG, HARD PRICK, BABY! OOOOOOOOH,
    JESUS!!!!!!"

       As Tina bucked her hips up to receive her son's deeply plowing
    prick, Johnny thrust into her real hard, dutifully filling his
    mother's twitching twat with every solid inch of teenage cock he
    had to, offer.

       John new exactly how to excite his mother, he rotated his slim,
    muscular young hips and plowed into her deeply, ramming his thick,
    vibrant young cock into her wide-spread cunt again and again,
    ramming the long, hard column of muscle deep into the hot
    recesses of Tina's tight, clinging fuckhole.


                             Chapter 62.

       The bed shook with the raw power of Johnny's powerful young
    cock-thrusts. Tina's sinuous hips lifted up off the bed to
    accomodate her son's stabbing cock, her upthrust cunt devouring his
    young prick with loud, wet slurping sounds. Beside them, Dave was
    making similar sounds as he lapped and sucked at Julie's tight,
    drooling cuntslit. The little fourteen-year-old was beside herself
    with joy. Her Daddy was sucking her fuck-swollen little cunt like it
    had never been sucked before, and she couldn't get enough!

       "Uuuuhhhh, yeahhhh! Stick your big fat tongue right up my
    cunthole, Daddy!" moaned the young girl, hunching her
    sparsely-furred mound up against her father's deeply-delving tongue.
    "Oooooooooohhhh! Fuck me with it! Unnnghhh! Jesus! God!  Suck me,
    Daddy! Suck my cunt! Ahhhhh!"

       The little blonde was cumming into her father's slurping mouth,
    squirming and writhing her young skinny hips like a snake as Dave
    brought her off expertly with his talented mouth.

       Tina was cumming too, her son's iron-hard cock stabbing
    relentlessly into her convulsing, upthrust cunt. The boy's huge
    organ rasped effectively against his mother's throbbingly erect
    clit, again and again, stimulating her ultra-sensitive little
    fuck-bud to the limit!

       "Ohhhhh, God! I'm cummmmmming!", screamed Tina. "Fuck me, Johnny!
    Fuck Momma hard, baby! Unnnhhhhhggggggg! Fuuuucckkkkkkk Meeeeeeeee!"

       Johnny felt his mother's squirming cunt tighten around his cock
    and he thrust into her with increased vigour, really letting her
    slippery cunt have it as she came! Tina loved to be fucked HARD as
    she climaxed, and her muscular young son was doing exactly that!

       Mother and daughter lay side-by-side on the bed, moaning and
    squirming with lust as their orgasms peaked then slowly subsided.
    Dave lifted his mouth from Julie's glistening cunt and licked his
    lips. John kept his cock deeply buried inside his mother's quivering
    cunt. He hadn't come yet and it felt like he wasn't going to for a
    long, long time either!

       Johnny began to move his still-hard cock inside his mother's
    juice-filled cunt, grinding his pubic bone against her clit
    suggestively as Tina recovered from the powerful sensations of her
    climax. Johnny rolled over onto his back, pulling his mother on top
    of him, his rigid cock still buried deeply inside her. Tina began
    to move her hips up and down over the boy's deeply impaled organ,
    riding her young son like the stallion he was.

       Dave's cock was as hard as a rock after eating out Julie's tasty
    young fourteen-year-old cunt, and now he desperately needed to
    plant it in a tight, hot, slippery hole. He was just about to mount
    his his panting daughter and shove his mammoth erection deep into
    her tight little fuckslit, when Tina spied the state of her
    husband's cock.

       "Ohhh, Dave! What a magnificent hard-on, baby! Shove it up my
    ass!", she squealed. "Fuck my ass with that big fat prick while
    Johnny fucks my cunt. I've always wanted to get double-fucked!"

       Dave looked down at Julie's gaping well-sucked pussy and then at
    Tina's tight, pinkly-puckered little asshole. He longed to fuck his
    daughter's pubescent cunt again, but the thought of reaming out his
    wife's tight, buttery ass while his own son fucked her cunt was just
    too much of an erotic temptation. Dave fisted his massive erection
    and scrambled behind Tina, pushing her forward over Johnny.

       "Fuck her cunt, son!", he growled. "Give your mother a good hard
    cunt-fucking while I fuck her other hole!"

       "Ohhhh, yeah! Let's do it Dad!", moaned Johnny, eager to share
    his hot, horny mom with his own father.

       "You're gonna love this, hon," Dave whispered into his wife's
    ear. "I'd never do it if I didn't know how much you're gonna love
    getting double-fucked... Lean over baby, and give me room!...
    Johnny, help me out here... open her up for me, son!"

       Johnny twisted suddenly beneath his naked mother, his huge cock
    still buried in her cunt. Reaching 'round, he grasped Tina's creamy
    asscheeks, spreading them wide.

       Dave mounted his wife's hips, pressing the tip of his cock onto
    the tightly-puckered little shitter his son had opened up for him.

       "Unnggghhhh! Ooooh, Dave! Fuck my ass, honey! I want you both to
    fuck me soooo much!"

       Dave hunched forwards, burying his cock deeply and securely into
    Tina's upraised ass with a single thrust. As always, his wife's tiny
    asshole was slick and hot with arousal, but this time it felt so
    much tighter... tighter because his son's big man-sized prick was
    filling his wife's hot cunt, separated only by a thin membrane of
    cuntal tissue. He could feel Johnny's cock throbbing against his own
    as he plowed inch after inch of his huge cock into Tina's hot,
    greasy shit-hole.


                             Chapter 63.

       Julie lay beside them, groaning as she watched her mother's
    creamy ass get well-and-truly filled by her father's rampant cock.
    The little blonde began to finger-fuck her neglected young cunt with
    one... two... then three, stiffly pounding fingers as she watched
    her mother take the two long, hard cocks at once. The look on Tina's
    face convinced Julie that SHE was going to be next, even if she had
    to suck both her father and brother back to hardness after they'd
    fucked her poor mother senseless.

       Tina moaned and whimpered, grinding her pussy onto the base of
    her son's cock. Her husband's massive prick was all the way up her
    asshole now. For the first time in her life, she was taking two
    big, stiff pricks at the same time... it was totally fantastic!
    Suddenly Tina felt herself succumbing to the most intense lust of
    her life. Their cocks felt so huge. Only a thin, fleshy membrane
    separated her pussy from her asshole, and now the membrane felt
    stretched to bursting by the incredible thickness of their rock-hard
    cocks.

       Her pussy was sucking and contracting instinctively around her
    son's prick, and now her puckered little asshole was throbbing too,
    lewdly gripping her husband's cock. Having two big pricks at the
    same time made them both seem twice as big as they already were.
    Tina had never felt such intense pleasure in her whole life.

       "Feel good, Mom?" Julie whispered. The little blonde teenager now
    had her whole hand buried in her cunt, excitedly fingering her wet
    pussy as she watched her mother getting double-fucked.


        "Ummmmmmm, fuck yessssss!", hissed Tina. "God! It feels
    fantastic, baby!"

       "Ram your cock up Mom's asshole, Daddy!" Julie squealed.
    "Uhhhhhhh! Fuck her hot cunt Johnny!" The excited little youngster's
    own cunt and asshole were twitching with uncontrollable lust. "I'm
    next, Mom! Jesus I wanna be next!"

      "Okay, baby! Uuuuuuuuhhhhh!" Tina squealed, mindlessly.

       Suddenly she started humping furiously, pumping her pussy down
    onto Johnny's cock one moment, then thrusting her itchy-asshole
    back onto her husband's pounding prick the next.... totally
    engrossed in her first incestuous double-fuck!

       "Fuck my cunt, Johnny!" she cried. "Yes, yes! God that feels
    good! Jesus, I can't staaaand it! Uhhhmmmmmm, yeahhhh! All the way
    up my asshole, too!  Ooooohhhh, Dave! Ass-fuck me, honey!"

       Tina moaned in intense pleasure as her husband fucked her asshole
    deeply, thrusting every inch of his massive cock into the rubbery
    tightness of her sucking shitter.

       "Uhhhhhhh! Fuck my pussy, fuck my asshole!"

       Tina's face was contorted with fuck-lust, her gorgeous body
    writhing in a frenzy of need. "Both of you, fuck me, fuck meeee! Oh,
    shit, I'm gonna cum so hard! Please, fuck me... ohhhh, please!  Fuck
    Mommy's cunt, Johnny! Fuck my asshole Dave! Oh, fuck, I need your
    cocks!"

       Dave commenced a solid fucking rhythm, moaning as he speared his
    huge cock in and out of Tina's bowels.  Pre-cum oozed heavily from
    the tip of his prick, lubing his wife's asshole with spunk, making
    it easier for him to ram his huge cock in and out of her tight
    shitter.

       "Oh, shit, that's good, Mom!" Johnny panted.

       He started humping Tina hard, matching Dave's rhythm, stuffing
    his mother's cunt full of young teenage cock every time his father
    rammed into her ass.

       "Oh, fuck! " Tina groaned. She felt helpless now as her husband
    and son fucked into her body, writhing and bucking with pleasure as
    her pussy and asshole spasmed around their twin stroking pricks.
    "It's so good! I can't believe how good it feels! Fuck me harder!
    Oh, both of you, fuck me as hard as you can!"

       Johnny picked up the pace, moaning as the cum-load churned in his
    balls, ramming his huge cock furiously in and out of his mother's
    tight pussy. Dave soon caught up with his son's rhythm, grunting as
    he hammered his aching fuckrod repeatedly into his wife's
    tightly-stretched asshole. Now Tina's whole body ached in
    anticipation of cumming. She shrieked and grimaced, whipping her
    asscheeks up and down, fucking both cocks as hard as she could.

       "Fuck Mommy's pussy, Johnny! fuck my horny pussy!" she cried.
    "Fuck my asshole, Dave! Uuuuuuhhhhh! Harder, honey! Oh, fuck, I'm
    cumming now! Fuck my pussy, fuck my asshole! Fuck me, both of you!
    Ohhoooohhhhhh, I'm cumming! Jesus! FUCK! I'M CUUUUUMMMMINNGGGG!!"


                             Chapter 64.

       It was the most intense orgasm Tina had ever had in her life. For
    over a minute the powerful spasms throbbed through her naked body,
    causing her pussy to contract tightly around her son's pounding
    prick, and making her asshole suck wildly on her husband's driving
    cock. Dots of color flashed before Tina's glazed eyes as she hovered
    on the edge of unconsciousness.

       Finally the ecstasy of her climax subsided, and she lay still,
    sandwiched between the two panting males.

       "All right," Julie moaned, removing her fingers from her dripping
    young pussy. "Now it's my turn!"

       Dave pulled his huge cock out of his wife's clasping asshole, his
    massive prick dripping milky cockjuice out of the tip. Exhausted and
    satisfied, Tina rolled off her son's cock, watching as her daughter
    took her place.

       Julie straddled her brother, staring greedily over her shoulder at
    her father's huge prick. It looked stiffer than ever, throbbing over
    his belly, soaked with her mother's ass-juices.

       She looked down at Johnny's equally thick prick, it was shiny too,
    but with the tasty fuck-juices that had oozed out of her mother's cunt.

       "Oh, Johnny," Julie purred, sliding her tits down over her brother.
    "I just have to give it a little suck first!"

        Tina and Dave watched as Julie sucked her brother's hard-on,
    slurping feverishly on the swollen stiffness of his cockshaft. Johnny
    just groaned with pleasure, his cock swelling even bigger in his
    sister's sucking mouth. Julie was eager to drink her brother's jism,
    but she knew she didn't want him to shoot off in her mouth this time.
    She popped her lips off her brother's prick, then climbed up to mount
    him, planting her knees on the bed either side of Johnny's hips.

       "Fuck it in me, Johnny," she mewled, reaching between her young
    thighs to grasp his rigid prick. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck........."

       Her words faded to a wanton moan as she rubbed her brother's
    cockhead up and down her sparsely-furred fuck-opening, then popped it
    into her gooey little cunt.

       Julie leaned forward, her firm young tits jiggling over Johnny's
    chest as she braced her hands on his shoulders. Then she eagerly
    started wiggling and humping, groaning as she slid her tight, creamy
    pussy down onto the satisfying stiffness of her brother's big, long
    prick.

       "Oh, Johnny! Fuck me! It's so big and stiff!" she gasped. "It's
    going all the way in! Oooooh, Johnny is it tight? Is my cunt as nice to
    fuck as Mom's?"

       Johnny nodded eagerly, sighing as his sister's clasping little
    fuckhole slid all the way down onto his prick. Julie sprawled forward,
    crushing her tits on her brother's chest. She turned her head, staring
    eagerly at her father's prick.

       After seeing the same look in his mother eyes, Johnny knew what his
    sister wanted. He reached down and grasped her little ass-cheeks,
    spreading them wide, opening his sister's asshole to his father's cock.

       "Fuck my asshole, Daddy!" Julie pleaded, hunching her little pussy
    eagerly onto her brother's prick. "It's all swollen and horny for you.
    Come on, Daddy, fuck my asshole... just like you fucked Mom's!  Hurry,
    Daddy!

       Dave clambered up behind his daughter's tiny little ass, his huge
    prick throbbing in his eagerness to invade two tender assholes in a
    row. Sprawled on the bed beside them, Tina felt her pussy creaming
    again as she watched her husband getting ready to fuck their daughter
    up the ass. She could hardly believe it was all happening. Getting
    sucked and fucked by her own son, getting double-fucked by her son and
    husband, then watching as they perpared to do the same to her
    fourteen-year-old daughter! It was all too much!

       "Fuck my asshole, Daddy!" Julie squealed impatiently. "Hurry,
    Daddy, hurry!"

       Dave mounted his naked young daughter's ass, pressing his cum-oozing
    cockhead onto her rubbery, puckered shit-opening. Julie shuddered with
    intense pleasure as her asshole stretched open to admit her father's
    fat prick.


                             Chapter 65.

        In and in and in, Dave's cock pushed, stuffing his little
    daughter's tender, virgin asshole to bursting around the thickness
    of his massive fuckmeat. Suddenly Johnny's cock felt twice as huge
    in her pussy, throbbing all the way up to her womb. Julie started
    humping before her father had half his cock inside her ass, pumping
    her pussy down onto her brother's hard-on, at the same time
    thrusting her asshole eagerly back onto her father's cock.

       "Uuuuhhhhh! You're in me Daddy! In my ass!" Julie squealed.
    "God, it feels so good! Ohhhh, fuck me! Fuck me, both of you!"

        Her asscheeks gyrated faster and faster, trying to make both of
    their huge cocks pound into her body at the same time.

       "Oh, shit, Johnny! Fuck my pussy! Fuck it, hard!.... Ummmmmmmmm,
    Jesus! Harder, Daddy! Fuck my tight little asshole! Your cock feels
    so good up my ass!... God! Jesus! Fuck me to death!"

        Dave grunted as he worked his ass, ramming his aching fuck-pole
    deeper and deeper into the clasping tightness of his daughter's
    buttery bowels, stretching the muscular shit-ring incredibly wide
    around the blood-pulsing thickness of his prick.

       Johnny lay still for several seconds, gasping as his little
    sister's tight pussy muscles milked juicily around his cock. Then
    he felt his father start fucking her ass, flexing his asscheeks,
    sliding his rock-hard fuck pole in and out between Julie's blushing
    buns.

       "Fuck my asshole, Daddy!" Julie gasped, her face contorted with
    raw lust. Not even her first torrid fuck with Bob and Kelly had been
    as intensely satisfying as this. "Uhhhhhhh! God! Johnny, keep
    fucking my pussy!"

       Julie was humping as fast as she could, hungrily trying to make
    her little twin fuck-holes swallow both of their cocks. Dave fucked
    faster, moaning as his little blonde daughter's asshole sucked and
    grasped repeateldly around his prick. Shuddering as the cum-load
    built in his balls, Johnny started reaming his sister's tight, wet
    pussy as fast as he could.

        Soon, father and son were fucking the naked, squirming little
    fourteen-year-old as fast as they could, moving in unison, ramming
    their huge cocks up into her tight young pussy and asshole at the
    same time.

       "Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass!" Julie cried, screaming out the
    words. Her whole body seemed to throb in unison with her cunt and
    shit-tunnel. The twin fuck-holes were already spasming
    uncontrollably, flexing deliciously around the two driving pricks.
    Her face was very red, flushed almost crimson. The sweat poured off
    Julie's nakedness as she slumped and bucked as fast as she could.

       "Fuck her, Dave! You too, Johnny! Fuck her real good" Tina
    whispered, watching every deep, hard cock-thrust. Suddenly the horny
    mother realized that she couldn't keep her fingers out of her pussy.
    Feverishly, she started finger-fucking, eagerly watching Dave and
    her son double-fucking little Julie right beside her.

       "I'm gonna cum!" Julie gasped. "Deeper! Fuck deeper! Ouuuuhhhhh,
    God! I'm gonna cum now! Oh, shit... uhhghhh... gimme your big, fat
    p...pricks! Uhhhhff! Fuck me harder! Fuck me haaaard!"

       Dave and Johnny started ramming into her tiny body even harder,
    making the bed bounce and creak obscenely with the fury of their
    rhythm. Julie shut her eyes, fighting not to pass out. Then her
    pussy started spewing out juice, contracting around her brother's
    cunt-fucking cock at the same time her asshole sucked and clenched
    around her father's ass-pistoning prick.

       "Uhhhhhhhhh! I'm cumming, now!" she cried. "Oh, fuck, I'm really
    gonna cum! Fuck me, I'm . . . oh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh, ohhh, ohhhhh,
    cumming... CUMMMMMIIIIINNGG!! Uhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuhhhhhhh!"

       The massive orgasm pounded through every inch of Julie's writhing
    young body, making her pussy ripple continuously around her
    brother's big cock, and her asshole suck the driving stiffness of
    her father's pounding prick. Johnny and Dave kept fucking the girl
    wildly, plowing their hard cocks deep into both her sucking
    fuck-holes, fighting to keep the cum pent up in their balls.

       For nearly a minute straight, Julie humped and writhed in the
    throes of orgasm, milking the two deeply imbedded cocks for all she
    was worth, until finally the intense pleasure faded from her loins,
    leaving a pleasant warm afterglow.


                             Chapter 66.

       Dave pulled his cock carefully from his daughter's asshole. It
    was streaked with her ass-juice. Jokingly he waved it at his wife.

       "Wanna clean it off for me, dear?" he grinned at Tina.

       Tina made a face and told him to go clean it off himself.
    Laughing, Dave headed off for the bathroom. Julie rolled off her
    brother's still-hard cock and lay beside her mother.

       "Ohhh, Mom!" sighed the girl. "That was fantastic! Daddy's prick
    felt so big up my ass."

       "I know, baby," replied Tina, hugging her naked daughter close.

       Julie's firm young tits pressed against her mother's. The feel of
    her little girl's pointy nipples digging into Tina's flesh suddenly
    made her pussy crawl with a strange subliminal desire. She had often
    considered sex with another woman, but always dismissed it as a wild
    unattainable fantasy. How, she had the opportunity to indulge her
    fantasy... with her own daughter! Tina was so excited by the
    delicious incestuous depravity of fucking her kids, she acted on
    impulse.

       With a low moan, Tina pushed Julie onto her back and began
    kissing her daughter's small tits, sucking the tiny pointed nipples
    to full erection. Julie moaned and stretched, opening her thighs
    languidly. She loved the feel of her mother's mouth on her tits, bit
    her pussy needed attention too. Vaguely, the girl wondered if her
    mother would go as far as to lick her pussy like Kelly had done. As
    is in answer to her unspoken question, Tina began to move her lips
    lower, trailing her lips over Julie's belly and down onto her
    lightly-furred little cuntmound.

       Beside them, John jerked on his rock-hard erection and watched
    his mother tentatively run her tongue up and down between his
    sister's juicy pink cuntlips.

       "Ohhh, yeahhhhh! Do it Mom! Lick her fuckin' cunt! Stick your
    tongue up Julie's twat, Mom!" he moaned, jacking furiously on his
    hard young prick. As Johnny stared at Tina's delicately flicking
    tongue, he wished he had beaten his mother to his sister's
    tasty-looking cuntslit. But there was plenty of time, he consoled
    himself, plenty of time!

       Julie's eyes were wide with excitement as she watched her
    mother's mouth doing wonderful dirty things to her horny little
    pussy-hole. Tina's tongue was everywhere, dragging up between her
    cuntlips, poking into her pisshole and occassionally spearing deep
    up inside her blazing fuckhole like a wiggly little prick. Julie
    couldn't keep her hips still as her mother lapped and sucked and
    tongued her cunt to a quick orgasm.

      "Uhhhhhhh, Mom! G..God! Oooohhh, don't stop! Don't stop! Keep
    sucking my cunt! Oooohhhhh, Mommmmmmmmm!", whimpered Julie, her
    hands on the back of her mother's head.

       Johnny was getting more and more turned on watching his mother
    suck off his little sister. His cock was throbbing something fierce
    and he had to do something about it before his balls exploded. The
    excited young boy considered the options;- He could jerk off all
    over them, or he could stick his cock into his sister's mouth and
    get her to suck him off, or... then he spied his mother's gorgeously
    wiggling butt, waving in the air like a flag.

       Tina was on her hands and knees, her head bobbing between Julie's
    outstretched thighs. Her tight round ass was sticking provocatively
    out over over the edge of the bed. Johnny saw his opportunity and
    never hesitated. He bounded off the bed and stood behind his
    cunt-lapping mother. With her head down and her ass in the air like
    that, Tina's pussy was fully exposed to her son's lustful gaze...
    and anything else he might like to do to it. Her swollen cuntlips
    hung open from the fucking he had given her a few minutes before,
    all wet and pink and inviting.

       Johnny pointed his prick at his mother's lewdly gaping cunt and
    homed-in, inserting the flared head of his cock into Tina's juicy
    fuck-hole. Then, with the tip of his prick securely wedged between
    his mother's hairy cuntlips, Johnny gripped her hips firmly and
    thrust his cock into her tight clinging cuntflesh in one mighty
    stroke. His balls slapped against her clit.

       Tina squealed with pleasure as she felt her son's huge cock drive
    up into her belly. Now she was really in heaven... sucking her own
    daughter's sweet, juicy cunt while her son's wonderfully hard cock
    fucked her cunt. What more could a horny, over-sexed mom ask for,
    she thought.


                             Chapter 67.

       When Dave re-entered the bedroom and saw what was going on, his
    cock shot to attention once more. He had often fantasized about Tina
    sucking another woman's cunt, and now he was actually watching it
    happen. What made his cock really twitch and throb though was the
    fact that it was their own sexy little daughter whose cunt his wife
    was gobbling so hungrily.

       Dave approached the bed, watching his son fuck his wife with
    jackhammer strokes. The boy's young balls slapping loudly against
    his mother's belly as Johnny plowed his long, hard cock deep into
    her upraised twat. The force of his thrusts drove his mother's face
    harder into Julie's creamy cunt with every stroke, eliciting
    frequent squeals of pleasure from the lust-crazed little
    fourteen-year-old.

       "Couldn't wait for me, huh?", grinned Dave as he climbed onto the
    bed and fed his cock into his daughter's hot little mouth.

       Julie sucked on Dave's cock for all she was worth. Her mother's
    lips and tongue on her cunt were driving her wild with pleasure,
    and now her father's cock in her mouth completed the ecstasy she was
    experiencing. As Dave began to hump his cock into her throat, Julie
    orgasmed again, cumming over and over as her mother sucked
    ravenously on her sensitive little clit. She could only moan her
    pleasure around her father's cock.

       Johnny was close to cumming too. His mother's tight clinging
    wetness was driving him over the edge real quick. But, watching his
    little sister sucking his dad's cock while his mom sucked her cunt
    had a lot to do with his over-excitement too. The boy felt his balls
    tighten. Any second now his mother was going to get every drop of
    sperm he had to offer, he was sure!

       "Uuhhhhhhh! Fuck! I'm gonna cum, Mom!", grunted Johnny, slamming
    his jerking prick deep up inside his mother's slick pussy.

       Tina moaned into her daughter's cunt and wiggled her ass back at
    her son to let him know she wanted him to come inside her. The
    movement pushed Johnny over the edge. His cock twitched inside his
    mother's clasping heat. His balls swelled up and with a mighty
    squirt, dumped their load deep up inside Tina's hotly squirming
    pussy.

       "Cummmming, Mom!", he yelled. "Unnnngghhhh! Cumming up your hot
    fuckin' cunt! Ohhhhhh, Jesus! Take my jizz, Mom! Fuck my cock!!"

       Tina felt her son's hot, thick cream blast into her cunt. The
    shaft of his cock was grinding deliciously against her clit, but she
    wasn't anywhere near orgasm, yet. His cock had just warmed her up
    for more. Beneath her sucking mouth, Julie was writhing in her third
    orgasm. Her little daughter seemed insatiable, but Tina needed
    relief and wondered if Julie would return the favour.

       When Johnny pulled his cock from her cunt, Tina rolled over on
    her back and pulled Julie with her, pushing the youngster's blonde
    head down towards her aching cuntflesh. Dave's cock left his
    daughter's mouth with a resounding slurp. He watched as Tina and
    Julie reversed positions, with Julie on her hands and knees and her
    face in her mother's crotch.

       "Suck me, Julie!" moaned Tina. "Suck mommy's cunt and make me
    come, baby!"

       Julie had never sucked another woman's pussy before, but this
    seemed as good a time as any to try, besides her mom had just done
    the same for her. Her little pussy was still tingling from the
    intense orgasms her mother had given her. She felt no guilt or
    shame. She just knew that she wanted to keep on sucking and fucking
    all night. With a moan the young girl shoved her face into Tina's
    gaping sex and began eagerly licking up and down her horny mother's
    drooling cuntslit.

       Dave moved behind his daughter's upraised ass and dropped to his
    knees, plunging his tongue into her gorgeous little pussy from the
    rear. He licked and sucked at Julie's succulent little pussy-lips
    while the girl did the same to her mother. Then, standing up, Dave
    replaced his tongue with the tip of his huge prick.

       Julie moaned loudly into her mother's cunt as her father rubbed
    his cockhead up and down her lightly-haired pussy-furrow,
    lubricating the massive organ in her slippery wetness before finally
    popping his cockhead into her tight little fuckhole. As soon as she
    felt her Daddy's cock enter her cunt, Julie frantically started
    wiggling and humping, sliding her wet, tight, gooey pussy back onto
    the satisfying stiffness of Dave's huge prick.


                             Chapter 68.

       Tina felt her daughter's tongue squirm wildly in her cunt as her
    husband began moving his monster cock inside the little girl's
    clasping pussy.

       "Oh, yeahhhh! Lick my cunt, baby," Tina demanded, clutching
    Julie's blonde head. "Suck Mommy off while Daddy screws your hot
    little fuckhole! Uhhhhhhh! God! Lick me, Julie! Suck my clit, honey!
    Ummmhhhhhh!"

       The gorgeous mom spread her legs wide, her enormous tits
    quivering spongily as she humped her ass up off the bed, fucking her
    little daughter's face with her curly-haired slit. Tina glanced in
    the mirror across the room and gave a groan of pleasure as she
    watched Dave's cock disappearing into Julie's creamy young pussy.

       "Oh, Dave! Fuck her, honey! Fuck her hard!" Tina cried. "Fuck her
    face into my cunt baby! God, I can't get enough!" She looked across
    at Johnny who was stroking himself, patiently waiting for another
    opportunity to shove his rejuvenated young cock into something hot
    and tight and wet.

       "Over here, honey", gasped Tina. "Bring that gorgeous big fucker
    over here and let Mommy suck it for you!"

       "Alright!" grinned Johnny, straddling his mother's tits. "Suck me
    off Mom!"

       His enormous young cock twitched stiffly in front of Tina's face.
    The horny mom immediately opened her mouth as wide as she could,
    whimpering with pleasure as she wrapped her lips tightly around her
    son's throbbing prick.

       "Uhhhh, yeahhhh! Suck my fat prick, Mom", groaned Johnny,
    reaching down to squeeze his mother's big, firm tits. "God! If you
    keep that up I'm gonna come right down you fuckin' throat!"

       Tina swallowed her son's throbbing cock deep back into her
    throat, sucking it in until she nearly choked on his massive
    cockshaft. Turned on by the sight of his gorgeous wife sucking their
    well-hung son, Dave immediately picked up the pace of his fucking,
    ramming into Julie's tenderly-sucking pussy as hard as he could.

       The hot and heavy family-fuck lasted only a few minutes longer.
    Julie's mouth and tongue were buried deep in her mother's juicy
    cunt-flesh, and the delicious pleasure of her father's huge cock
    fucking into her cunt was unbearably intense for the young girl.
    Dave as slamming his cock in and out of his daughter's creamy cunt
    like a pile-driver, his face flushed and contorted as he tried
    desperately to hold off his climax, but it was to no avail.

       Tina sucked feverishly on Johnny's rigid cock as Julie's mouth on
    her clit forced her over the edge. Her whole body shook as she
    started to cum. She couldn't scream; she was too busy sucking her
    son's throbbing prick. But Julie knew instinctively that she was
    making her mother cum. Tina's drenched pussy contracted sharply,
    rippling and spasming around her little girl's hot tongue, while
    Julie hungrily kept licking and sucking the woman's hot, hairy
    cunthole, guiding her mom through the full force of her orgasm.

       Between Dave and Johnny, Dave was the first to shoot his load.
    The long pent-up load of jizz blasted up Julie's ravished young
    fuck-hole, deluging her cunt with a flood of hot, sticky cum. With
    Julie's mouth fastened securely over her spasming cunt. Tina wiggled
    happily, slurping on Johnny's twitching cock. She began to moan with
    renewed pleasure as her son's prick started squirting too.

       Tina shamelessly sucked Johnny's prick as hard as she could,
    tightly gripping his jerking young cock with her fists, milking
    every last drop out of the groaning teenager's balls. She didn't
    care that he was her son, she just wanted to suck his man-sized
    cockmeat.

       Tina buried her face into his crotch, stuffing Johnny's fuck-tool
    as far down her throat as she could. She didn't notice when Julie
    turned around and started sucking Dave's cock too, all Tina knew was
    how desperately she craved the taste of her own son's sperm.

       As the guy's cocks were drained of their respective loads, the
    happy, satisfied family members fell exhausted on the bed. It was
    quickly agreed that they should all retire to their own beds tonight
    for a well-earned rest.



                             Chapter 69.

       Like any virile, young teenage boy, John awoke the next morning
    with a partial hardon. It was much firmer than normal, and the boy
    attributed this immediately to the events of last night.
    Automatically, his hand reached down under the sheets to grip his
    lengthening cock. In his mind's eye, John replayed every last lurid
    detail of the night before over and over, squeezing and rubbing his
    hard, young cock until it was in a state of full, throbbing
    erection. John began to jerk himself off with long deliberate
    strokes, just as he had done every morning since he was about
    thirteen.

       But then it struck him... he didn't have to play with himself
    anymore! Not after last night! There were suddenly two willing and
    available pieces of delectable snatch living under the same roof!
    John's cock leapt at the thought, and he jumped quickly out of bed,
    hurrying down the hallway to Julie's room, hoping that his sexy
    young sister was still in bed and feeling as horny as he was. The
    door was open, but Julie's bed was empty. 'Damn!', he thought.
    Turning around, John went back down the hall until he stood before
    his parent's bedroom door.

       His initial impulse was to knock, but the family's newfound
    sexual freedom suddenly took control, and he simply opened the door
    and stepped quietly inside. His mother lay sprawled in the centre of
    the big double bed. She was still fast asleep, with the white, satin
    sheets barely covering her obvious nakedness. John looked quickly
    about as he moved slowly towards the foot of the bed. 'Dad must have
    left for work already', he thought with a smile. His cock stirred
    again as he looked down at his sleeping mother. She was so
    beautiful... so sexy. Her crotch was covered by the sheet, but her
    firm, round tits with their large, pink nipples made the young
    boy's mouth water. He had to see her pussy again! Her body was
    driving him wild!

       With a grin, John reached down and grabbed the sheet, pulling it
    slowly, lower and lower down over the his mother's sleek, naked
    thighs. To her son's delight, Tina stretched in her sleep, opening
    her thighs wide apart as the sheet slipped, ever so gradually, down
    over her lower body. John's young heart began to beat like mad as
    his mother's fur-covered cunt came into view. The moist, swollen
    lips were wide open, giving John a clear view of her juicy, inviting
    cuntslit.  Unconsciously, Tina was giving her son exactly the kind
    of show he craved. In his sexual fantasies, young John had
    frequently visualized a horde of beautiful, sexy women, lying before
    him, just like his own mother was at this very moment, spread-eagled
    and naked.

        He didn't know if the women in his dreams were asleep or drunk
    or even drugged. To him, it really didn't matter. All that mattered
    was that HE was in control. These women were his sex slaves! They
    were there for HIS pleasure alone, existing only for him to fuck and
    lick, and kiss and suck, as often, and as long as he wished. In
    turn, he pleased them too. For in his dreams, each and every one of
    them bucked and writhed beneath him as he brought them all to
    countless, screaming orgasms. They were insatiable, and so was he!

       As the sheet fell away from Tina's thighs, John stared hungrily
    at his mother's exposed pussy, licking his lips as his eyes devoured
    her nakedness. He stood transfixed for several seconds before
    leaning over her. Tina had the body of a woman at least half her
    age, so much so that she and Julie could have easily been taken for
    sisters rather than mother and daughter. Both had dynamite bodies
    that were even more beautiful than the nude young models who posed
    in the "girly" magazines that John used as he jacked off in the
    privacy of his bedroom. With a lustful smile on his handsome
    features, the boy climbed onto the bed and knelt between his
    mother's carelessly spread thighs, careful not to wake her. At least
    not yet anyway!

       The heady, aromatic fragrance of his mother's moist cunt filled
    John's young nostrils as he bent his head towards her open crotch.
    Ever so carefully, the boy eased her smooth, creamy thighs wider
    apart and lay down on the bed, positioning his mouth directly above
    Tina's long, glistening slit. The lips of his sleeping mother's
    cunt gaped obscenely open, revealing the juicy, pink wetness within.
    It was a delicious sight which the excited young boy found
    impossible to resist.

       With eager hands, John began to stroke his mother's naked belly
    and smooth inner thighs, occasionally letting his fingertips brush
    tantalizingly against her moist, curly cuntbush.


                             Chapter 70.

       John could feel the heat emanating from his mother's cunt and it
    spurred him on. Leaning on his elbows, the boy reached out and
    smoothed the soft hair away from her pink cuntslit and very slowly
    inserted a finger into it. Tina moaned softly, instinctively lifting
    her hips up against the invading digit. Although her cunt muscles
    quivered and clasped at his finger, Tina still remained fast asleep.
    John inserted a second finger and began to fuck them slowly in and
    out of his mother's tight, slippery cunthole, watching her face
    intently for any signs of awakening. Tina's cunt-juice began to ooze
    out around her son's fucking fingers and dribble down the crack of
    her ass.

       On impulse, he leaned forward and licked up the clear, fragrant
    droplets before they could fall onto the bedsheets. As John's hot,
    wet tongue rasped suddenly over her sensitive flesh, Tina's eyes
    flew open. The first thing she saw was the top of her son's head,
    bobbing up and down between her wide-spread thighs, and the first
    thing she felt was the pure bliss of his tongue and fingers working
    on her quivering gash. Tina groaned with pleasure as she realized
    what was happening, and reached down to grab the boy's head with
    both hands, pressing his mouth into her eager cunt.

       "Ohhh, God! Johnny! I thought I was dreaming! Ahhhhhgggghhh!
    Yesss! Suck me baby! Eat momma's cunt just like I taught you last
    night, honey!"

       John looked up from her crotch with a sly grin on his young,
    juice streaked face.

       "Hi, Mom! I couldn't resist breakfast in bed.", he laughed, "You
    looked so damn appetizing, I couldn't help myself!"

       "Mmmmmmmm, and I'm glad you did too, baby!" Tina smiled lewdly
    and stretched lewdly, pushing her son's face back down onto her
    temporary neglected cunt, anxious for more. "Eat me!",she whimpered,
    "Lick my hot cunt, baby! Jesus, I'm so fucking wet! Put your nice
    long tongue inside me, honey and suck me off!"

       Tina cried out as John's hot young lips covered her pussy and
    sucked her puffy cuntlips and distended clit into his mouth. She
    spread her feet wide, bending her knees and pulling them back until
    her aroused twat stood out like a mound of runny pink jelly. John
    licked and sucked at his mothers cunt like a hungry young pup.
    Holding her naked ass-cheeks in both hands, he lifted her hot,
    willing cuntflesh to his mouth, licking and sucking the entrance of
    the very womb that had given him life. That was what excited the boy
    most, the fact that his own mother desired him and wanted sex with
    him, made him unbelievably horny.

       Not surprisingly, Tina felt exactly the same. For years she had
    suppressed a yearning for young boys, especially her handsome,
    virile young son, but sex was in the Simpson blood and what had
    happened last night was inevitable. All that remained was to enjoy
    it to the maximum extent possible. John's mouth on her clit was
    driving Tina wild, and she gurgled deep in her throat as the boy
    chewed gently on her inflamed clit.

       "Ohhhh! Fuck, that's good, baby! Suck momma's clit! Make me come!
    Make me come and I'll let you fuck my hot, juicy cunt! Wouldn't you
    like that, Johnny?"

       John didn't reply, but the increased vigour of his mouth
    movements on her clitoris told Tina that, that was exactly what her
    horny young son had in mind. John rotated his mouth hungrily in the
    heated wetness of Tina's wide-open twat, her spread cuntlips
    covering his young face with sticky, fragrant juices. As his horny
    mother squealed and bucked her pussy against his chin, John slipped
    his hands under her tight, firm asscheeks, pulling her hot,
    juice-filled cunt harder against his open mouth. Tina's cuntflesh
    writhed and pulsed against his face as her son buried his stiff,
    pointed tongue deep inside her seething cunthole.

       Tina was in seventh heaven as John noisily sucked up her abundant
    juices and then began to thrust his hard tongue in and out of her
    quivering snatch like a short, fat cock, giving himself up
    completely to the wild, incestuous energy that surged between them.
    His beautiful mother felt the same, all thoughts of the sinful
    nature of their coupling were blotted from their minds. While they
    enjoyed each other's bodies sexually, they ceased to be mother and
    son, and became simply, male and female, engaged in the age-old
    ritual of mutual, sexual gratification.



                             Chapter 71.

       As his nose pressed repeatedly against his mother's clit, John
    heard her uninhibited moans of pleasure increase in both loudness
    and pitch. Her cunt began to contract, opening and closing around
    his tongue until he had a hard time breathing. Then he spread her
    still wider with his palms and began to stab and flick his tongue
    against his mother's prominent clit, trying desperately to make her
    come, teasing the hard, erect little bud until she almost passed out
    from sheer pleasure.

       "Ahhhhhhghhh! Fuuuuccckkkk! Suck it, Johnny! Put your lips around
    it and suck like mad! Momma's gonna come all over your mouth, baby!
    Ohhhhhhhhh, Jesus! Yess!"

       Tina's tongue-ravaged pussy flowered open even wider as she
    neared orgasm, her cunt-juices flowing freely out over her son's
    sucking mouth and chin, to trickle slowly down into the damp crevice
    between the cheeks of her compact little ass. The erotic scent of
    his mother's fully aroused cunt filled his nostrils as John lifted
    his lips to her clit and sucked it deep into his mouth. He sucked
    and nibbled at it with a fury, pressing it hard between his lips and
    occasionally flicking it with the tip of his tongue, but always
    returning it deep into his mouth as he sucked on it like a baby on a
    tit.

       Tina could feel her climax building rapidly, flowing outward
    from her loins like a firey tidal wave of white-hot pleasure. She
    pressed frantically on the back of her son's head as he ate her,
    rubbing her cunt savagely against his face until she suddenly
    stiffened, screaming in violent orgasm.

       "Ohhhh! Ohhhhh! Arhhhhhggghhhh!... God! Oh, God, I'm cummming
    Johnny!..... I'm cumming in your horny fuckin' mouth, honey! Eat
    momma's juice, baby! Ohhhh, fuck yesssssss!"

       Torrents of cunt juice exploded into John's fast working mouth,
    spreading their sticky warmth all over his cheeks and down his chin
    until his mother heaved one last time, grunting out the last of her
    orgasm as she collapsed back onto the bed.

       The boy looked up at his mother, his lower face still pressed
    into her cunt, watching her tits, her pink nipples jutting stiffly
    upward. Tina looked down at him, a satisfied smile on her glowing
    face.

       "God, that was good, Johnny!", she breathed. "I think it was
    even better than last night!"

       "Practice makes perfect, Mom", the boy grinned.

       "Did you practice on Julie after you two went to your own rooms
    last night, baby?"

       "Naw! I was real tired, Mom. You and Julie really fucked me out
    last night. I flaked out, I guess," he said with a sheepish smile.

       "You AND your father," Tina winked. "Anyway, I'm glad to see the
    rest did you good, 'cause I've got a feeling you're going to need
    all the energy you've got today, Johnny.... momma's feeling
    particularly horny this morning!"

       Tina held out her hands, and John scrambled up over her body
    until he lay on top of her, his stiff young cock pressing urgently
    against the damp flesh of her stomach, throbbing gently. Tina's
    pussy shivered with renewed cuntheat as she felt her son's big prick
    against her belly . Although she'd just experienced a very powerful
    orgasm, she longed for his hard, virile young cock filling her
    pussy. With the memories of last night seething in her brain, her
    son's strong, muscular body was like an aphrodisiac, turning her on
    again... something fierce!

       Tina reached down between his muscular thighs and wrapped her
    long, slender fingers around his swollen prick, pumping her fist up
    and down her son's long, hard shaft a number of times. With a moan,
    she pulled his cum-coated mouth down onto her own and kissed him
    passionately, tasting her own cuntjuice on his soft, wet lips. John
    cupped his mother's firm, round titties and squeezed gently. His
    tongue parted her lips and darted down her throat as the lad
    returned his mother's hot, fervent kiss with equal passion. Tina
    pulled her lips from his.

       "Do you still want to fuck me, honey?", she breathed hotly into
    his mouth. "Would you like to fuck your mother's cunt?"

       "Jesus yes, Mom! I wanna fuck you now!", gasped John, lifting
    his ass in an attempt to position his cock.



                             Chapter 72.

       "Not so fast, my horny little fucker!", whispered Tina, holding
    tightly onto her son's rampant prick. "If you want to fuck a girl
    you have to get her well and truly hot for it... understand, baby?"

       "No, Mom. I don't understand. I thought you wanted to fuck.",
    said the boy, disappointment showing on his handsome young features.

       "Of course I want you to fuck me, honey.", replied his mother,
    "But you have to understand that there's more to a good fuck than a
    hard, willing cock."

       "What do you mean, Mom?", asked John. Tina began to move her body
    against his in a slow, sensual rhythm, rubbing the tip of his cock
    against her twat, dragging it slowly through the entire length of
    her wet, juicy cuntslit.

       "This is what I mean, Johnny!", she moaned, "It's called
    foreplay... Ohhhhh! ...and it can make the difference between a...
    Uhnnnghh!... a good fuck and a goddamn fantastic fuck!"

       Tina rubbed the boy's cock at her clit, mewling softly. John
    looked down between them, writhing his ass with youthful eagerness,
    anxious to ram his impatient cock up his mother's tightly-stretched
    cunt at the slightest provocation. Tina looked up at her son with
    glazed eyes.

       "Does mother's hot, wet cunt feel good, baby?", she moaned,
    "Tell me, Johnny! Tell me what you want... Tell me everything you've
    ever wanted to do to me!"

       Tina was breathing heavily now, panting in long, deep breaths as
    her hand slid his swollen cockhead rapidly back and forth between
    the lips of her slippery gash. John knew what she wanted now, she
    was using his cock to tease herself with, but most of all she wanted
    him to talk dirty to her, to build up the excitement of their
    inevitable fuck with verbal images... horny, depraved images of
    fantasies she longed to experience with her handsome young son.

       "Your cunt's all hot and wet, Mom!", he said, kissing her
    nipples one at a time. "... all hot, wet and juicy for my big, fat
    cock!"

       Tina nodded, her eyes fixed on his face, almost hypnotized by his
    words.

       "Yes! Oh, yes! Your cock is big alright, baby! Very big!",
    murmured Tina, almost inaudibly.

       John's cock twitched in her hand.

       "As big as Dad's?", he asked, feeling the power fill him.

       "Ohhhh yes! Maybe even bigger, darling! I can't even get my hand
    around it!"

       It was true. As his hardon swelled, his mother's fingers didn't
    quite meet around it's huge girth. His erection continued to grow
    as his excitement increased. It wasn't just because of her hand
    around his cock either, although that felt pretty damn good at the
    moment, it was because he got a big thrill out of talking to his own
    mother like this too.

       "You like to fuck don't you, Mom!", grinned John, pinching her
    large pink nipples. "You like plenty of long, stiff cock rammed into
    that hot, juicy slit of yours, don't you, you horny cunt?"

       Tina shuddered and squeezed his cock as she remembered her first
    time.

       "Yes! I love it! I always have, ever since I was a little girl!"
    John could certainly believe that! 'She was probably fucking before
    she could ride a bike.', he thought with a smile.

       "You play with yourself a lot too, don't you Mom?", he breathed,
    running his hands slowly over every inch of his mother's firm,
    creamy breasts, rubbing each nipple in turn.

       "I bet you get real fuckin' horny Mom,.. when you're home here
    all alone." John's voice was low and husky as he ran his fingers
    down between her thighs and grabbed a handful of cunt. The wet heat
    emanating from his mother's hairy cunt-hole delighted him. He also
    felt moisture there... and plenty of it. In response, Tina yanked
    even faster on her son's thick shaft, enjoying his finger action on
    her itchy pussy.



                             Chapter 73.

       "I bet you take off all your clothes and lie on the bed with your
    legs wide apart, and fuck your hot, horny little cunt with your
    fingers!  Don't you Mom?" Tina nodded, humping her slim hips up
    against his massaging hand.

       "Yes, baby! Much too damn often!", she admitted "I need a lot
    more action than your father can give me, Johnny!.... I always
    have!"

       "I'll give you all the action you'll ever need, Mom! I
    promise!", said John, inserting his middle finger neatly into his
    mother's gaping cunt. As it sank into her pussy, Tina jerked her ass
    up off the bed and whimpered deep in her throat.

       "What about your sister?", she sighed, kissing him softly on the
    mouth, "She seems to like your cock too. Doesn't she deserve a
    little home-grown fun as well?" Tina flexed her pussy-muscles around
    her son's exploring finger.

       "The horny little cunt will just have to get Dad to fuck her, or
    wait her turn, won't she, Mom?" John lowered his head and tried to
    suck his mother's left tit into his mouth. Tina gave a soft little
    cry and began to stroke the back of her son's head as he suckled
    her. 'Life from now on, was going to be one long, endless orgasm!',
    she thought, as Johnny began to bite gently on her nipples.

       Lifting his head from her jutting breasts, Johnny looked down at
    his mother with smouldering eyes, a wild idea had just entered in
    his fevered brain.

       "Would you like me to fuck you up the ass Mom?", he breathed,
    pressing a finger into the puckered little ring of his mother's
    anus.

       Tina let out a little yelp at the sudden, exquisite pressure on
    her nether hole. It had always been one of her special treats to be
    fucked in the ass, and the thought of her young teenage son ramming
    his big, fat cock up her back passage made Tina positively squirm
    with delight. Johnny sensed her reaction and pressed harder,
    wriggling the tip of his finger until it slipped easily inside her
    buttery asshole. Tina writhed against him, moaning loudly with
    mounting pleasure.

       "Yeahhh! You like that, don't you, Mom?", gasped John, surprised
    at the strength and suddenness of his mother's reaction.  He was
    dead right, the highly aroused young woman loved the feel of his
    finger in her tight ass, but her son had excited her beyond all
    control, and right now it was her sizzling cunt that needed
    immediate attention.

       "Ooooooooh, Johnny! You can fuck me in the ass later!", she
    squealed, "I don't think my poor pussy can stand it any longer!
    Fuck me, baby! Ram that big, long pole you call a cock into mother's
    cunt, honey, and fuck me hard!"

       John knew that it was time. His mother was jerking on his cock
    and wiggling her snatch up at him like crazy.... totally past
    caring about anything except getting her hungry, insatiable cunt
    well and truly fucked.

       "Okay! Spread it for me!", ordered John, positioning his prick at
    the entrance of his mother's flooded gash. "Open those cuntlips up
    wide for my cock, Mom, and I'll fuck your hot, juicy cunt till you
    faint!"

       Tina whimpered with pleasure. Using one hand to spread her
    pussy-lips, she gripped her son's huge, bloated cockshaft with the
    other, and stuffed it unceremoniously into her wet, gaping snatch.

       As his cock entered her, Johnny slammed forward, and with one
    mighty stroke, rammed it savagely up to the balls inside his
    mother's tightly stretched cunthole.

       "OOOOOH SWEET JESUS! GOD JOHNNY, WHAT A COCK!", screamed Tina,
    "SO LONG.... AND SO HARD! OHHH, HONEY!... YOU FEEL SO HUGE! I CAN
    FEEL IT UP IN MY BELLY! OH YESSSSS! DO IT, JOHNNY!.... FUCK MEEEE!"

       "Jesus, Mom!  Not so loud!", gasped John, "The whole fuckin'
    street will hear you!" Tina took no notice, she was too engrossed in
    getting as much of her son's magnificent erection into her cunt as
    she possibly could. Her pussy walls clasped his big, throbbing rod
    like a vice, holding him firmly in it's tight carnal grasp.

       "Move your ass!", urged Tina, "Oooooh, yeahhhh! That's it! Now,
    fuck me baby! Fuck Mommy's hot, horny cunt! Uhhhhhnnnngghhhh! Jesus,
    that feels goooooooood!"


                             Chapter 74.

       Johnny lifted himself up on his elbows and began hunching his
    hips, pumping his cock back and forth inside his mother's mound with
    long, deep strokes. Tina lifted her head and stared down between
    their sweat-soaked bodies, watching excitedly as her son's virile
    young cock slid deliciously in and out of her snatch. John saw what
    she was doing and kissed her damp forehead.

       "Can you see my big, fat cock fucking your hairy twat, Mom?", he
    asked.

       "Oooh, Jesus! Can I ever, baby!", nodded Tina.

       Her eyes were round and bright, fixed intently on her son's thick,
    purple-veined shaft as it reamed her drooling cunt. She put her hands
    on his shoulders for support as he lurched forward, his weight
    pushing her bodily towards the head of the bed.

       "Watch it!", grunted Johnny. "Watch your horny cunt take every
    inch of my fuckin' cock!  Watch me fuck you, Mom!"

       His mother's crotch bounced up and down against him, taking his
    glistening prick as deeply as possible. On the down-stroke, Johnny
    began to grind his hips in a slow circle, mashing his pubic bone hard
    against her stiff, throbbing clit.

       "Ohhh, Johnny! You're making me so fucking hot!... Jesus, I love
    the feel of your cock up my cunt!.... Bang it to me, lover!", she
    cried, "Yes, that's it, baby! Fuck me! Screw your horny fuckin' momma
    long and hard!"

       With gasping ecstasy, she bounced her ass faster and faster,
    matching his powerful cockthrusts with equal force. Her son fucked
    like a stallion, and Tina was determined to enjoy him to the fullest.
    Not only now, but every chance she got!  John ran his hands all over
    her tingling flesh, squeezing her big, jiggling tits and creamy
    thighs. Anxious to please her, the boy fucked his mother like a
    little demon, gripping her taut, firm ass with both hands as he
    filled her hungry cunt with a full nine inches of throbbing teenage
    cock.

       "Drive it into me, darling.... make me come now! Fuck me hard,
    baby... make me come all over myself, like one of your horny little
    schoolgirl fucks! Uhhhhh, deeper! Deeper!"

       John loved to hear his mother beg for it, his cock seemed to swell
    even more as she gasped obcenities into his ear, urging him on. His
    sperm filled balls slapped noisily against the crack of her ass, and
    the contracting muscles of Tina's cunt gripped his pistoning shaft so
    tightly, it almost felt like his prick was being wrenched from his
    body each time he pulled it out of her. John inched forward, changing
    the angle of penetration, plunging his cock in so deep that Tina
    occasionally felt his cockhead enter the very mouth of her womb!

       "Is that...Unghh!.. deep enough for you, Mom!", panted John,
    increasing the length and tempo of his thrusts. His voice was hoarse
    and his words were punctuated by frequent grunts of exertion.

       "Mmmmmmm! Jesus Christ, yessssss! Oh, baby! It's going in so
    fuckin' deep! I'm gonna come any second. Don't stop, whatever you do,
    you gorgeous little prick!... Momma's almost there!"

       Her pleading voice died away to a wordless murmur as John grabbed
    her firm, round tits, one in each hand, and fucked his raging cock
    into his mother's upthrust cunt as hard as he could. The muscles on
    his back and thighs bulged with the effort as John gave the
    half-crazed woman everything she had begged for.....and more!

       John sensed his mother's orgasm blossom long before he heard her
    loud scream of release. The whole sheath of Tina's slick, quivering
    cunt closed tightly around his shaft, gripping and pulling at his
    pounding cock like a hungry, sucking mouth. His balls swelled and
    contracted as he felt his own climax peak with a mighty roar.

       "AHHHHGGHH! OOOOOH, JOHNNNY! I'M CUMMING, BABY! NOW! OOOOOW!
    NOWWW!", yelled Tina as she felt her son's powerful ejaculation blast
    from the tip of his cock, filling her spasming cunt with his hot,
    thick jism.

       "OH, CHRIST! ME TOO, MOM! I'M COMING TOO! RIGHT UP YOUR FUCKIN'
    CUNT!"

       Their bodies were a blur of motion as mother and son fucked like
    two wild animals in heat, abandoning themselves completely to their
    mutual climaxes. Their juices blended together, flooding her cunt,
    and washing over his cock like a hot shower. John continued hunching
    into her until his mother's body went limp beneath him. All the while
    her pussy kept squeezing his cock, milking every last drop of cum
    from her young son's sperm-filled balls. John collapsed beside her,
    hugging Tina's, hot sweaty body against his own.

       "That was great, Mom! The best ever!", he gasped, "How about for
    you?"

       His mother snuggled against him, wrapping her trembling fingers
    around his dwindling cock. It was still a formidable size, coated
    liberally with their mingled juices.

       "Ohhh!...Fuck!... Fuck, yesss!", panted Tina, "It was fantastic,
    darling! I can still....Mmmmm!...  Jesus Johnny!... I can still feel
    it!" Her pussy convulsed in a lingering aftershock that made her body
    tingle all over.

       As they lay back recovering, Johnny remembered that his sister
    wasn't in her bed when he went looking for her this morning. `I
    wonder where Julie's snuck off to?', he mused, knowing his little
    sister's penchance for intrigue... among other things, he grinned.



                             Chapter 75.

       Despite the exhausting efforts of the previous night, Julie had
    woken up early and excitedly rushed nextdoor to tell Bob and Kelly
    that stage one of her clever little plan had worked to perfection.

       After letting herself in with the key Bobby had given her
    yesterday, Julie went straight to his room. To her surprise, Bobby's
    bed was empty. Then, suddenly, she heard moaning sounds coming from
    the main bedroom down the hall. Grinning, evily, the sexy little
    blonde tiptoed down to the half-open door and peeped inside.

       Bobby and his mother were on the bed, fucking noisily. Debbie
    Conroy's long slender legs were wrapped around her son's narrow hips,
    her heels locked in the small of the boy's back as Bob rammed his
    thick cock into her cunt with deep, powerful thrusts. Debbie's long
    nails clawed her son's broad, muscular shoulders as she hunched her
    ass up off the bed, grinding her hairy twat up against her son's
    pounding prick.

       Julie's cunt began to drool at the horny sight of Bobby Conroy
    fucking his beautiful mother. She desperately wanted to join them,
    but didn't dare disturb them in their own house. Suddenly she felt
    guilty, spying on them like this, leering at them like some perverted
    peeping-tom. But the familiar feelings of arousal rising deep within
    her moistening young pussy quickly washed away any feelings of guilt
    the horny youngster may have had, replacing them instead with a
    rising flush of passion.

       She dropped a hand to her crotch and slipped her fingers under the
    waist-band of her sodden panties, stroking and rubbing her hot, gooey
    little slit as she stared with mounting lust at the incestuously
    copulating couple on the bed.

       Julie leant weakly against the door-frame, her knees beginning to
    feel like rubber as she fucked two stiff fingers into her little
    blonde pussy-hole. Her clit was throbbing like mad, sending small
    sharp shocks of pleasure shooting through her loins each time her
    knuckles mashed rhythmically up against it. The young masturbator was
    lost in a fantasy world of self-gratification and voyeur bliss as she
    gazed longingly at Bob's long, hard prick fucking Debbie's hot,
    clinging cunt. Then, suddenly, a whispered voice behind her shocked
    her into reality.

       "Need a hand with that, honey?"

       Julie twisted around to see Kelly Conroy standing behind her.
    Bobby's pretty twin sister was as naked as her mother and brother,
    and judging by the jar of Vaseline in her hand and the lewd grin on
    her face, the three of them had been going at it since they woke up.
    As Julie began to speak, Kelly pressed a finger against the younger
    girl's lips.

       "Shhhh...", she whispered. "Let's just watch for a while, okay?"

       Julie nodded and turned around, feeling Kelly's naked body press
    up against her from behind. Kelly reached 'round and cupped Julie's
    hard young tits, at the same time grinding her pussy-mound against
    the younger girl's pert little ass. Julie responded by pressing back
    against her, enjoying the feel of Kelly's firm, naked flesh against
    her back as she stared lustfully at Bobby's pistoning prick.

       "Mom just loves a good hard fuck in the morning," whispered Kelly,
    slipping her hand down into Julie's panties. "Trouble is, so do I!"

       Julie gave a low moan as Kelly's fingers slid seductively into her
    slippery little slit.

       "You want him to fuck you again, don't you, Julie?", husked Kelly
    as they watched Bobby fuck his cock powerfully into his groaning
    mother.

       "Yesssss!", hissed Julie, hunching her cunt forward against
    Kelly's foraging fingers. She couldn't keep her eyes off Bobby's
    mother-fucking cock.

       "He's already fucked me once this morning," whispered Kelly, "Now
    it's Mom's turn."

       Julie was delirious with lust. Watching Bobby fuck his own mom
    while his sister finger-fucked her drooling cunt was so totally
    arousing, the youngster almost couldn't stand it. She watched
    wide-eyed and listened intently as Kelly explained what had been
    transpiring in the Conroy household since first light.

       "After Bobby finished fucking Mom, Mom and I were gonna
    sixty-nine while Bobby took turns at fucking both of us up the ass...
    See?", continued Kelly, showing Julie the jar of Vaseline she'd been
    on her way back from the bathroom with. "But now that you're here,
    Julie, I've got a better idea."

       Kelly began to undress her young next-door neighbour, sensuously
    removing every last item of the girl's clothing until Julie stood
    before her, completely naked. The pretty little fourteen-year-old
    stood nude and trembling in the doorway, but not with cold or
    fear.... after the way Kelly had sucked her pussy so expertly
    yesterday, Julie was trembling with horny anticipation.

       As the last garment hit the floor, Kelly dropped to her knees in
    front of Julie and buried her face in the blonde's juice-filled
    little cunt, causing Julie to grab at the door-frame for support. A
    small cry of pleasure escaped her pretty pink lips as Kelly's long
    experienced tongue delved deeply into her tiny quivering cunt.

       "Uuuuuuuhhhhhhuuuuuhhh", moaned Julie, grabbing the back of
    Kelly's head. As the older girl's tongue slithered and writhed like a
    tiny purposeful snake between her furry pussy-lips, Julie spread her
    legs as far as she could standing up, and thrust her hips forward,
    forcing Kelly's tongue deep into her boiling hot snatch.


                             Chapter 76.

       Julie could hardly stand. Kelly's mouth was doing wonderfully
    depraved things to her saturated slit, and the sight of Bobby's
    gorgeous big cock slamming in and out of his mother's cunt, combined
    with Kelly's twisting tongue stabbing in and out of her tight little
    fuck-hole was just too much for Julie to bear. She came with a loud
    groan, her legs wide apart and her hands clenched in Kelly's hair,
    humping her slender young hips into the older girl's glistening
    juice-covered face as she climaxed like crazy.

       "Well, well, well!", came a voice from the bed. "I do believe we
    have an audience."

       It was Debbie. Bobby had finished fucking her and lay on his back
    beside his beautiful mother gasping for breath, his long thick cock
    twitching out the last creamy remnants of his orgasm onto her deeply
    tanned thigh.

       Julie stared at them with glazed eyes, her own orgasm prolonged
    expertly by Kelly's eagerly sucking mouth. She watched as Debbie
    opened her legs wide, letting her well-fucked cuntlips gape open.
    Bobby's fresh sperm drooled from his mother's pussy in a rich, creamy
    flood.

       "When you're finished Kelly, your momma's cunt needs a good long
    clean-out, baby!", murmured Debbie to her daughter. Then she looked
    up at Julie, shamelessly stroking her son's cock as she spoke. "And
    I'm sure Julie can get Bobby interested in what she has to offer....
    right, honey?"

       "S.. sure, Mrs Conroy!"

       "Call me Debbie, sweetheart!"

       "Okay... Debbie.."

       Julie followed Kelly into the room and watched as the gorgeous
    young brunette scrambled onto the bed between her mother's
    wide-stretched thighs. Bobby grinned, fucking his rapidly
    re-awakening cock into his mother's tightly clenched fist.

       "Come here, Julie," he husked. "Come sit on my cock while Kelly
    sucks the cum out of Mom's cunt!"

       Julie clambered onto the bed, eagerly straddling Bobby's lean
    young thighs. Debbie still had hold of her son's cock, jacking him
    off slowly as her daughter hungrily tongued her feverish, cum-filled
    gash.

       "Put it in her, mom!", Bobby groaned as he felt Julie's hot, moist
    young cuntlips nudge the head of his rampant prick.

       Debbie positioned her son's rigid cock into Julie's tight, wet
    little fuck-hole, letting her fingers do the walking as she explored
    both of their young, eager sex organs with equal delight.

       "Hey! Later, Mom!", chided Bobby with a grin.

       Debbie grinned knowingly at her handsome young son and removed her
    hand, concentrating instead on the exquisite sensations her
    daughter's mouth and tongue were generating in her gaping, upthrust
    cuntslit.

       Bobby looked up at Julie and grabbed her by the tits.

       "Now! Let's fuck, baby!" he grunted, ramming his huge prick up
    into the girl's tight little cunt with a single vicious stroke.

       "Uuuuuuuuhhhhhhh, Bobby! Jesus, yesssss! Fuck me!", moaned Julie,
    as the boy's mammoth organ slid once more into the youngster's
    cock-hungry little fourteen-year-old cunt.

       Beside them, Kelly was eagerly tonguing her mother's sperm-filled
    cunt. She loved sucking her mother to orgasm almost as much as she
    loved getting fucked by her constantly-horny brother... the love of
    wild, uninhibited sex of any kind seemed to run in the family.

       "Cream for me, Mom," Kelly rasped, her words muffled on a mouthful
    of wet cunt so that they bubbled out into Debbie's pussy-hole.
    Kelly's hot tongue curled and whipped at her mother's clit. "Cream in
    my mouth... cum on my tongue, Mom!"

       "Uuuuhhhh, yes, baby!" Debbie sighed.

       The flow from Debbie's mature cunthole was getting hotter and
    thicker as her cuntjuice began to turn to cum-cream, and she began to
    jerk her crotch up into Kelly's face frantically, her excess
    pussy-juice dribbling down her daughter's chin. With a moan, Kelly
    slid one hand under Debbie's ass and began to finger her mother's
    pink, puckered little shit-hole.

       Simultaneously, Kelly slid four fingers up into Debbie's saturated
    cuntslit and started finger-fucking her mother's fuck-hole while
    sucking hungrily on her erect clit.

       Debbie began to cry out as the spasms of climax racked her loins.
    Clinging to the back of Kelly's head with both hands, Debbie ground
    her cunt against her daughter's face frantically. Kelly's tongue was
    fairly flying as it drove up into her mother's flooded fuck-hole
    again, alongside her fingers.

       "Oooohhhh! I'm coming! Fuck! Jesus! I'm commmmmming, baby!" Debbie
    gasped as her daughter continued to suck expertly on her exploding
    clit.

                             Chapter 77.

       But Kelly was well aware of that. Her mouth was full of her
    mother's tasty cream, her tongue was awash, literally floating in the
    stuff. As she shot her tongue up Debbie's creaming fuckhole, Kelly
    gulped and gurgled in cunt-lapping delight, milking her mother's cunt
    with incestuous relish.

       Debbie Conroy began to moan and shake, her magnificently body
    shuddering wildly as spasm after spasm rippled through her quivering
    loins.

       "Come for me, Mom!" moaned Kelly, her voice muffled in her
    mother's hairy, orgasming cunt. "Keep coming!"

       Kelly's mouth filled with another deluge of her mother's
    cunt-cream... steaming hot and fragrant. She rubbed her whole face
    around in her mother's pussy like a terrier shaking a rat, stabbing
    her tongue as deeply into Debbie's hot, quivering fuck-hole as it
    would reach, sucking alternately at the hairy, wet pussy-lips.

       The final wave of her orgasm rushed through her and Debbie
    stiffened, gripping the back of her daughter's head with both hands,
    her legs spread wide and shaking, and her pussy quivering.

       Julie loved the feel of Bob's big cock sliding into her tight
    young cunt. Squatting over his loins, she had slowly lowered her
    tender, gaping young pussy down over the youth's rampant prick,
    holding the full penetration for a few moments as she savoured the
    joy of having her eager young fuck-hole stuffed to the brim once more
    with Bob's long, hot, throbbing cockmeat.

       As the horny little fourteen-year-old began to bounce up and down
    on him, Bob thrilled to the wonderful sensation of having every inch
    of his pounding prick enveloped in tight, steaming little-girl pussy.
    His prick-shaft pulsed, and his cock-head flared, as Julie's tight,
    slippery cuntwalls enfolded him, rippling and fluttering up and down
    his cock-shaft as if she were jerking him off with her cunt.

       Her tight young pussy clung to the contours of his prick, as if it
    had melted and then congealed around his cock like a mold. Her cute
    little tits jiggled provocatively before his face, so Bob licked at
    her nipples, then buried his face in the firm young flesh of the
    youngster's bobbing breasts. `God it was great to fuck a tight,
    young, well-built kid like Julie', Bob thought. She obviously loved
    to fuck, and as long as he was around she wouldn't have to go
    without. Besides, since her plan had worked, it meant that he would
    eventually get to fuck her equally gorgeous, big-titted mother.

       Julie lashed her shapely little ass from side to side and pumped
    her hips up and down on Bob's rigid prick. Twisting from the waist,
    she added torque to the straight in-and-out friction, grinding her
    tight young fuckhole down onto his upthrust prickmeat. Bob hunched
    his hips up to meet her as Julie's ass descended, and his long, thick
    cock surged deeply up into her steaming, creaming fuck-tunnel.

       Bob's cock seemed to fill her her to the brim, pumping cunt-juice
    out of her excited young twat in a steady flow. His fat cockhead
    plunged into the depths of her pussy like a battering-ram, and more
    cunt-cream flooded her crotch.

       Julie was gasping... her lovely young face radiant with desire...
    eyes narrowed and mouth wide open as she panted and whimpered with
    the excruciating pleasure of being well and truly fucked!

       Bob's long, hard prick was hammering so deeply into her tightly
    clasping cunt-hole that Julie almost expected it to come out of her
    mouth... spurting creamy jism out of her mouth in a sort of reverse
    blowjob.

       "Fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck...." she began to chant, saying the
    word each time she slid down to the hilt on Bobby's huge, pounding
    fuck-tool.

       He grunted and rammed into her harder, rattling her bones,
    stuffing her tight, squirming little fuck-hole so full that Julie
    thought her hipbones might jump out of their sockets! She liked it
    when Bobby fucked her hard... it reminded her of the way her big
    strong daddy had fucked her last night... long, and hard, and very,
    very deep....

       They began to grind together faster and harder as they both soared
    towards the looming crest of total fulfillment. Waves of hot, lusty
    pleasure coalesced between Julie's sweaty young thighs and shot up
    and down her arched spine, swirling back into a creamy maelstrom of
    ecstasy deep inside her cock-filled pussy.

       Bobby's balls swelled, almost ready to erupt with the lava of his
    lust. He shoved his fuckmeat into the young girl above him
    frantically, whipping his cock in to the brim, jerking her about on
    his violent lunges, transfixing her quivering young loins on his
    smoking-hot fuck-rod.

       Julie fell forward and kissed him, sucking Bobby's hot tongue into
    her mouth. She wished that he had two pricks so that she could suck
    him and fuck him at the same time... or even three, so that she could
    enjoy an asshole full, as well. Then she realized that what she
    craved so much was only a house away. She DID have three cocks to
    fuck, all she had to do was get them all in the same place at the
    same time and nature would take it's course. Julie couldn't wait!

       Sucking on Bobby's tongue, which was still flavored with his
    mother's cunt-cream, Julie reached under her ass and fondled his
    balls. With her other hand, she pulled alternately at her stiff
    nipples and fingered her shithole, running her hands all over her
    voluptuous young body in a frenzy of adolescent desire.

       "Ooohhhhh, Jesus! I'm gonna cum, Bobby! Fuck! I'm gonna cummmmmm!"
    breathed Julie into Bobby's panting mouth. "Cum with me! Please cum
    in my cunt! Uhhhhhhhhhhh! Goddddddddd!"


                             Chapter 78.

       Bobby grunted and slammed his cock up into her convulsing pussy
    with gusto, his massive prick coring her tight little cunt like an
    apple. Julie's cum-juice gushed out from her teeny young fuck slot
    like a fountain, all milky and frothy as it washed over Bobby's hairy
    balls and drenched his thighs.

       "Oooooh, God! Ohhhh, fuck!" she wailed.

       Bobby lifted her cute little ass up until the head of his prick
    prick was just inside her clinging cuntlips, holding her steady for
    an instant, then slammed her down onto his upthrust cock again.

       "Take it, baby!" he howled. "Fuckin' Jesus! I'm cumming too!!"

       Julie cried out with joy as she felt Bobby's cum squirt into her
    pussy. She creamed again, and he shot another hot, creamy wad into
    the very core of her cunt. Each time he pulled the girl's squirming
    young cunt down on his cock, Bobby pumped another of geyser of sperm
    into her.

       Julie gasped and moaned, tossing her little blonde head as she
    bounced up and down on the hard, throbbing cock squirting deeply
    inside her pussy. It felt as if she were squatting astride a fire
    hose. Her ass jerked wildly as she rode Bobby's prick, literally
    siphoning the hot, churning semen out of his balls with her
    cunt-muscles.

       Bobby slumped back, drained, his muscular young chest heaving.
    Julie continued to grind her sperm-filled cunt up and down on the
    youth's still-hard cock, prolonging her own orgasm as much as
    possible, and in the process, milking the few last drops of precious
    spunk from Bobby's pisshole.

       Then, drained too, she settled over him and held him in a loving
    embrace. Her hard little tits rubbed against his chest as she kissed
    him affectionately. Then she slowly pulled her pussy up and off his
    prick. His cock stood upright for a moment, then slowly began to
    subside, sinking down in a fat coil of glistening flesh along his
    thigh. Even semi-hard, it was still an awesome sight, slathered with
    cum and cuntjuice.

       Debbie moaned deep in her throat at the delicious looking sight
    and scrambled between her son's wide-spread thighs. She took his
    slimy prick into her hot mouth and sucked on it voraciously,
    whimpering with delight at the sweet taste of cum and cunt-juice
    blended into one rare nectar, relishing the sweet, tangy flavor of a
    cock that had just been soaked in creaming cunt.

       She cleaned Bobby's prick-knob to a gleaming purple luster,
    tongued his fuck stalk until it glistened and lapped up the overflow
    from his drained balls. She licked his thighs and belly and her
    tongue rustled through his pubic thicket like a little pink rodent in
    the undergrowth.

       Kelly and Julie were engaged in a voracious sixty-nine, with the
    little blonde tonguing Kelly's dark-haired pussy while Kelly sucked
    out her brother's creamy cum from Julie's pink little cunt-slit.

       Debbie lifted her head and watched the two girls eat each other
    for a second. They were such a gorgeous contrast. Although her
    daughter had just rewarded her with a delicious orgasm using her
    talented little mouth, Debbie's passion was instantly rekindled.
    Having cute, sexy young Julie fuck with them added a new dimension to
    her lusty incestuous relationship with her two kids, and Debbie
    planned to enjoy it to the full. She looked up at her panting son and
    grinned.

       "Can you come again, darling?" she whispered. "I want you to fuck
    me again. In the ass this time. Mommy feels like a deliciously dirty
    ass-fuck, baby."

       "If you can get it hard again, Mom. Sure, I'll fuck you in the
    ass!" he rasped.

       Bobby reached down and cupped his balls, squeezing gently, to see
    if they had started to recharge themselves. His hand slid up and
    folded around his prick and he began to tentatively pull it up and
    down as his mother sucked on his cock-knob.

       "Oooooh, yes, baby! Jerk yourself off in my mouth," Debbie panted.
    "And when it gets hard enough, I want you to stuff it up my hot,
    horny ass!"

       "Okay, Mom!" Bobby grinned. "Anything you say!"

       In a way, it was more depraved than when she simply sucked him
    off. Having her son jerk off in her mouth made her cunt twitch with
    fuck-lust. Bobby placed one hand behind his mother's head and frigged
    his cock into her mouth vigorously. His cock-shaft began to ripple
    and stiffen again.

       Debbie sighed with joy as she felt her son's meaty mouthful expand
    and harden. She dropped her head down and sucked half of his cock
    into her mouth as his fist pounded up and down on the lower half,
    bumping against her lips on the top of the stroke and brushing
    against his balls as he jerked back down again.

       Jerk by jerk, Bobby's manly young erection grew and Debbie pulled
    her lips up to the tip of his prick, sucking the swelling head and
    licking at his dilated pisshole. Soon Bobby's virile young cock was
    at full attention.

       "Ohhh, fuck, what a cock!" groaned Debbie, her desperate lust
    beginning to get the better of her. She released her son's rock-hard
    prick and turned around on all fours, her legs spread and her ass
    poking provocatively at Bobby. "Now, shove that big thing up momma's
    hot ass and fuck it hard, lover!"


                             Chapter 79.

       Bobby grabbed his mother's hips, and pulled her ass back onto his
    rampant cock, pressing the bloated tip into her tightly puckered
    little anus. With well-practiced ease, Bobby's hard young prick slid
    into his mother's juicy asshole like a hot knife through butter.
    Debby groaned and hunched back against the deeply satisfying
    penetration of her son's long prick, moaning loudly.

       "Ooooooohhhh, God! That feels so gooooood, baby!", she wailed,
    squirming her ass shamelessly back onto her son's rock-hard
    erection.

       Bobby began to pump his cock in and out of his mother's tightly
    clasping butthole, making her ass-cheeks ripple and her tits bounce
    lewdly with the impacts of his muscular young hips against hers.
    Debby moaned, low and sensually, loving the way her son's hairy
    young balls slapped deliciously against her gaping cuntlips,
    stimulating her her throbbing clit wonderfully with each savage
    thrust.

       Excited by her moans of pleasure, Bobby began ass-fucking his
    mother faster. He grabbed her slender, writhing hips and began
    pumping his cock into her tightly clinging asshole with long, hard
    vicious thrusts that made Debby's slender body shake and quiver with
    the sheer force of them.

       "Fuck me! Cum in my ass, baby! Fill mommy's ass with your hot
    cum, lover!" Debby panted hoarsely.

       Her body began to gleam with a fine sheen of sweat. So did
    Bobby's... and soon, Debby's slippery asscheeks began to slap
    against her son's hard, muscular thighs in that strong, deliciously
    punishing rhythm that Debby enjoyed so much.

       Her thighs quivered and her ass tensed up.  Bobby heard her gasp,
    exhaling one short breath... then another.  He slowed his
    cock-thrusts a little. He had brought his mother to the brink, and
    now he was trying to keep her there.

       Beside them, Julie and Kelly were curled up, head to twat,
    tonguing and fingering and sucking each other's cunts like crazy,
    totally engrossed in a heated frenzy of lesbian lust. Bobby slowed
    his fucking movements long enough to watch his sister stick out her
    tongue and lap at the creamy pink gash of Julie's little blonde
    pussy.

       "Suck my cunt, baby!" Julie cried, her hot little body shaking
    like a leaf. "Suck me where my Daddy fucked me! Lick my pussy! Oh,
    Kelly. Kelly, Kelly! It's so beautiful! It's so dirty and delicious!
    Suck me!"

       Bobby watched as Julie forced her mouth back over the wet, hairy
    mound she'd just been sucking and spread the lips of Kelly's dark
    and sultry cunt with her tongue, stabbing it relentlessly inside
    again and again... licking and probing the inner lips of his
    sister's hot, seething twat with renewed vigour. Both girls made
    lewd, slurping sounds as they ravenously sucked up each other's
    spicy, free-flowing cunt-juice.

       All the while, Bobby continued to pump his cock inside his
    mother's hot, buttery asshole, making Debby squirm with pleasure. It
    was obvious that Debby wanted to cum bad. Her son was torturing her
    deliciously by keeping her so close to orgasm like this, but right
    now she needed release!

       "Uuuuuuuhhh, Bobby! My God, Bobby! Fuck me harder, baby! Fuck
    mommy's ass real hard! Oooo, please screw the hell out of me! Bobby!
    Your cock is so big, so hot, so hard inside me! Move it faster!
    Faster! Oh, yes! Yes, Bobby! Fuck me, son! Fuck me, lover!", she
    moaned, lost in the heat of her incestuous lust.

       Bobby began to fuck his mother's tight, buttery asshole as hard
    as he could, letting his carnal instincts take control.  Debby
    slammed back against him, the flesh of her ass continuing to ripple
    and shake with every solid stroke, her breasts swaying and bouncing
    beneath her.

       "Ohhhhh! Yesss! Fuck my ass, Bobby!  Fuck it hard and deep!" she
    chanted. "Ooooooooooh, yessssss! God, it feels sooo gooooood."

       "Uhhhnnnnngghh, God! I love fucking your hot ass, mom!" Bobby
    groaned loudly.

       "Ohh, yes, me too, baby! Harder!", panted Debby, her voice hoarse
    and breathless with lust.


                             Chapter 80.

       Bobby rammed into his cock into his mother's snugly sucking
    asshole as hard as he could, making her squeal and gasp. He leaned
    forward and cupped her hanging tits, feeling them quiver as he
    pounded his prick into her.

       Debby lowered her shoulders to the bed, raising her ass to her
    son's powerful thrusts. Bobby's fingers gripped her roughly,
    literally pulling his mother's tight, clasping anal sheath over his
    cock as he slammed the thick glistening, incestuous shaft deep up
    inside her heaving belly.

       "That's it, Mom! Throw that hot, fuckin' ass of yours back at my
    prick!" he moaned. "God, I love fuckin' you, Mom!"

       Bobby abandoned himself totally to the wondrous feeling in his
    groin. The flames of lust leapt and lapped up and down the length of
    his deeply buried cock until his belly felt like it was on fire. The
    liquid, surging lava of lust, exploded in his body and burned
    throughout his universe. It spread in an ever widening circle,
    centered in his balls, until finally his entire torso was engulfed.
    His brain was clouded and, as orgasm smashed through his mind he
    jetted what felt like gallons of hot, seething jism up his mother's
    tight, heaving ass.

       Debby rocked and bucked and ground her ass wantonly back against
    her son's squirting cock. He was buried full length in her hot
    clinging rectum as he came and Debby began to moan passionately,
    biting her lower lip to keep from screaming out too loudly.

       Again and again, his virile young balls lurched in their tight
    sack and again and again he erupted inside his mother's tortured
    anus. Debby felt as if she were lost in a world of orgasmic
    pleasure, unending pleasure, a world that revolved around her son's
    ejaculating cock. Her asshole was so tight around him, so filled
    with his swollen cock, that it quickly filled with his jism and then
    overflowed.  Each new geyser forced more of the white heat out
    around the widely-stretched rim of her tiny anal sphincter.

       As orgasm seized her body and blanketed out the world except for
    her son's pounding prick buried deep in her butt, Debby abandoned
    all attempt at restraint. `Fuck the neighbours', she thought, and
    screamed loud and long, feeling the surging flood of orgasm wash
    through her body and crash into her brain. A brilliant fireworks
    display ignited behind her eyelids, and Debby was soon completely
    lost in the ecstasy of her climax.

       "AHRGGGGGGHH!  FUCK!  FUCK!  UHHHHHHH!" She couldn't stop cumming
    it seemed.  She always came hard with her son's massive young prick
    stretching her asshole. "HARDER! HARDER! FUCK ME HARDER!"

       Bobby did just that, slamming his cock powerfully into his
    mother's quivering rectal sheath as he finished coming.

       "UNNHHHGGGGGGHHHH! MOM! FUCK!!!" he yelled, emptying his balls
    into her creamy ass.

       Even after Bobby's prick had stopped squirting up inside his
    mother's butthole, he kept fucking her tight clinging, sperm-filled
    ass unmercifully. He reached under and thrust three fingers into her
    sloppy twat, feeling his cock still stabbing her ass through the
    thin, separating membrane.

       Debby could only moan and writhe in absolute ecstasy as her son
    began to bring her off again, stabbing his fingers up into her cunt
    and rubbing her clit with his thumb as he reamed her ass with his
    still-hard cock. It was all too much for Debby and she climaxed
    again, screaming out her orgasm to the world.

       "UGHHHHGGGGGGGHHHH! UUUHHHHH! GODDDDDDDD! FUCCCCCCKKK!!"

        Her orgasm ballooned in her and then burst and Debby writhed
    like a madwoman, her ass impaled on her son's thick, gushing hose of
    a cock while he fucked his fingers deep into her cunt and mashed her
    tiny throbbing clit with his thumb.

       Bobby fucked his mother for another few minutes before his own
    exhaustion caught up with him. The tension in his body seemed to
    have drained into her through his cock and then he was limp and
    quivering with the effort of not collapsing on top of her.

       He bent over and kissed the back of her neck through her hair as
    his pulsing dick slowly deflated. Debby could feel all his hot
    creamy jism inside her bowels. The thought always thrilled her.
    Sexually, she'd done almost everything possible with her son over
    the years, but the best of all was having him fuck her up the ass.
    She would leak cum everywhere, but it was his cum and that made it
    all the better.

       Bobby withdrew slowly. As usual, his mother's tight, sucking
    asshole didn't want to release him, and when his glans finally came
    out, there was a slurpy, sucking noise.


                              Chapter 81.

       Julie and Kelly were completely oblivious to the climactic
    events on the bed beside them. Both girls were very close to their
    own orgasms, licking and probing and sucking each other's juicy,
    spread cunt-slits like there was no tomorrow.

       Kelly had sucked more that a few willing cunts in her time, but
    young Julie's was definitely the most delicious little pussy she had
    ever tasted, and judging by the enthusiasm with which Julie was
    returning the favour, the cute little blonde was fast becoming a
    very talented cunt-licker herself.

       Julie was very, very close to orgasm as well.  Kelly's hot,
    sucking lips wrapped tightly around her throbbing clit had the hot,
    sexy little fourteen-year-old in orbit! She moved her slender young
    hips in tiny, sensuous circles, grinding her juice-filled pussy
    against the older girl's face, making small, whimpering little
    sounds of pleasure. Kelly did the same, plastering her drooling,
    dark-haired snatch over the blonde-haired youngster's eagerly
    sucking lips.

       Together the horny, cunt-sucking duo sucked and licked and
    tongue-fucked themselves into total oblivion. Eating each other
    ravenously until finally they exploded in mutually-induced orgasm,
    writhing and moaning and quivering as they sucked up each other's
    creamy cunt-spendings. Then, like two contented, purring cats, the
    two girls licked each other's saturated pussy-fur clean.

       Bobby and his mother were grinning at the two girls when they
    finally surfaced, their faces wet and glistening with each other's
    juices.

       "Looks like you two, had fun," grinned Bobby.

       Julie gazed at the boy's sticky, limp cock and grinned back.

       "You had time to notice?", she smiled.

       With a laugh, they all hugged each other lovingly. Then Julie
    quickly related the events of the night before, explaining how easy
    it was to get her own family to indulge in some serious incestuous
    fucking.

       "... and then Daddy and Johnny both fucked me at the same time.
    It was fantastic. I couldn't have planned it better!", said Julie,
    enthusiastically.

       Debby and Kelly were both getting wet between the legs again, and
    Bobby's cock began to swell substantially as Julie finished her
    lusty tale.

       "So what happens now?", asked Bobby.

       "Well, I go home and convince Mom and Dad into inviting you three
    over tonight for a pool party," grinned Julie. "We'll fake it from
    there, okay!"

       "Right on!", said Bobby, suddenly aroused by the thought of
    finally fucking Julie's gorgeous, sexy blonde mother.

       Kelly and Debby were excited too, thinking mostly of the juicy
    fresh cockmeat that both Dave and young Johnny Simpson would surely
    provide for their carnal, cock-sucking pleasure.

       Bobby's cock began to rise again. Kelly noticed it first and
    reached for her brother's virile young cock possessively.

       "My turn, Mom!", she giggled, pushing Bobby onto his back and
    straddling her brother's lean, muscular hips with her own.

       She positioned his prick inside her cunt and bore down, impaling
    herself deliciously on her brother's ever-hard cock. As the huge,
    glistening shaft slid deep up inside her insatiable pussyhole, Kelly
    moaned with pleasure and immediately began to bounce up and down on
    Bobby's piercing prick.

       Not to be left out, Debby moaned and straddled her son's face,
    lowering her juicy wet cuntlips down over his open mouth. Bobby
    began to suck and lick and tongue his mother's tangy twat... eating
    her gaping hole hungrily. Soon, the sounds of hot, wet sex once
    more filled the small bedroom.

       Julie was tempted to join them, but a larger, more erotic picture
    filled her keen young brain. With an evil grin, the pretty young
    teenager leapt off the bed and dressed quickly, anxious to get home
    and set up the night's festivities.



                              Chapter 82.

       It was easy for Julie to convince her mother to invite the Conroys
    over for a pool party, especially when she hinted, (at every
    opportunity) that Bobby had the hots for her. Tina was flattered. She
    had secretly admired the handsome young teenager for a long time, and
    now, with their family's new-found sexual freedom, maybe she'd get to
    live out some of her illicit fantasies.

       When her father got home from work, Julie went to work on him too,
    dropping hints about how Kelly Conroy thought he was a gorgeous hunk.
    She didn't even have to say a word to her horny brother. As soon as
    Johnny heard that the Conroys were coming over, his eyes lit up like
    lanterns. He remembered the skimpy bikinis that both Kelly and her
    mother usually wore while sunning themselves in their backyard, and
    he could hardly wait to see them up close.

       So, by the time the Conroys arrived at 6:00pm, an undercurrent of
    sexual excitement pervaded the the whole Simpson household. All three
    were dressed casually.... Kelly wore a pair of tiny white shorts and
    a matching bikini top which hardly seemed to contain her firm, young
    tits... and much to Dave and Johnny's delight, every time the girl
    bent over, a good proportion of her tight little asscheeks poked
    provocatively out from under the bottom of her shorts.

       Debbie was wearing a strapless summer dress that seemed to be held
    up entirely by her large, jutting breasts, which jiggled inticingly
    beneath the thin cotton with every move she made. Bobby wore a
    printed "T" shirt and the tightest pair of jeans that Tina had seen
    on a guy. Her eyes dropped immediately to his formidable crotch
    bulge. She hadn't noticed it before but the boy-from-next-door was
    definitely hung!

       "Hi, Bobby!", said Tina, still staring at him appreciatively. "My,
    my! You seem to have grown a lot since I saw you last."

       Bobby grinned and flexed his muscles jokingly.

       "Vitamins!", he laughed.

       Debbie noticed Tina's admiring glances at her son's crotch and
    smiled.

       "Yes, I can't call him my little boy any longer, can I Tina?" she
    said, grabbing a handful of Bobby's hard, muscular ass. "He's a BIG
    boy now!"

       "Mom!" chided Bobby. "Stop embarrassing me!"

       "You? Embarrassed? I've yet to see the day YOU get embarrassed by
    anything, honey!", laughed Debbie, giving Tina a friendly kiss on the
    cheek. "Hi, Tina. Thanks for inviting us over."

       A shiver went through Tina's pussy as Debbie's tits brushed
    against her own. `God!' she thought, `I really must be turned on, for
    another woman to excite me like that.' She quickly recovered her
    composure and ushered their guests into the living room for drinks.

       The atmosphere was soon very friendly, almost verging on the
    sensual, as the two families became more and more relaxed. Like the
    perfect host, Dave poured the wine freely, refilling everybody's
    glass almost as soon as it was empty. Even Julie was allowed to have
    a glass or two, something her parents would have frowned upon only
    days earlier.


                              Chapter 83.

       Julie's insatiable little pussy was getting wet with anticipation.
    She couldn't wait for the real action to begin, so in her usual
    take-charge-of-everything style, the precocious little
    fourteen-year-old decided to start the ball rolling herself.

       "Hey! Is this a pool party or what? Who's for a dip to cool off?"
    she said with a knowing smile.

       The others quickly agreed, and those that weren't wearing swimwear
    under their clothes headed off to get changed.

       Johnny looked almost relieved as he got up and hurried towards his
    room. Mrs Conroy was one hell of a sexy lady. Her hand stroking his
    thigh, and the way she let her dress hike up over her gorgeous creamy
    thighs had him almost creaming in his pants.

       He changed into his swimming trunks and grabbed a towel, heading
    off back down the hallway, eager to cool off in the pool. As he
    passed one of the bedrooms, Johnny caught a flash of naked female
    flesh, through the partly open door, and stopped dead in his tracks.
    He took a step backward and looked nervously up and down the hall
    before peeking carefully inside. It was his mother's room, and as he
    looked closer, Johnny could see that the luscious Debbie Conroy was
    getting changed. She had just taken off her dress, and stood before
    the long mirror dressed only in a pair of tiny, pink panties.

       Johnny's cock began to swell instantly in his trunks as he gazed
    at his gorgeous next-door neighbour from the doorway. His eyes were
    on fire, watching every move she made. Johnny could only gape in awe
    at the beautiful woman's naked tits, and the dark, inviting bulge of
    her pubic mound, clearly visible through the thin fabric of her
    panties.

       Absolutely unaware that Johnny was watching, Debbie hummed to
    herself, admiring her gorgeous tits in the mirror, running her
    fingers over them and posing like a model. She cupped the firm,
    creamy globes in her palms, lifting them up towards her reflection,
    offering them up to her smiling image in the mirror. She blew herself
    a kiss and let one hand drop to the bulge of her pubic mound.
    Johnny's breath froze, and his heart began to beat like mad as he
    watched the woman press her fingers into her crotch.  She must be
    really fuckin' horny, he thought, watching Debbie's long slim fingers
    rub at her slit through the moist material of her panties.

       Johnny's cock was as hard as a rock, and he began to rub the
    length of it slowly through his trunks, his eyes on her jiggling
    tits. After a while, Debbie's whole body shuddered, and she leant
    heavily against the mirror, her legs buckling slightly as she
    hunched her cunt hard against her jerking hand. Johnny stared in
    amazement!

       "Christ, she made herself come!", he panted under his breath.
    "Jeeeeeesus!"

       Debbie took a deep breath and checked her flushed face in the
    mirror before hooking her fingers in the waistband of her panties and
    sliding the flimsy garment down over her hips. Johnny almost came in
    his pants as Debbie's moist cunt-bush came into view. He got a good
    long look at her hairy wet pussy as Debbie lifted her leg and bent
    over to remove the panties from her ankles.

       Her naked butt was facing him, and Johnny gasped with excitement
    as he clearly saw the pink glistening slit between her naked thighs
    wink at him as she bent over. Tossing the wet panties onto the bed,
    Debbie slipped into her bikini bottoms. They were more like a
    g-string than a pair of bikini pants, and Johnny's eyes lit up at how
    little the tiny garment concealed. Her bikini top wasn't much bigger,
    and Johnny licked his lips as she put it on, the minute scrap of
    material hardly covering her pert nipples. He couldn't wait to see
    her in the pool, with her bikini all wet and clinging, it would
    almost be like seeing her naked again. Except this time he could get
    as close as he liked and look all he wanted.

       Johnny's cock was a stiff as a board and throbbed powerfully
    beneath his fingers. Mrs Conroy's lewd exhibition had really turned
    the young teenager on something fierce. He took one last look at
    Debbie's bikini-clad body and turned towards the bathroom, intent on
    relieving the sexual tension which had built up in his young body. It
    would only take a few minutes of jerking on his prick while he
    thought about her sexy body, and Johnny was sure he would come all
    over the place. They wouldn't miss him out at the pool... besides he
    couldn't go out there with a hard-on like this in his trunks anyway.

       As silently as possible, Johnny darted off down to the bathroom
    and closed the door behind him, fumbling hurriedly for the lock. It
    didn't work! Johnny noted the fact with alarm but then he realized
    that the toilet had a door of it's own. If he sat at the right angle
    and left the toilet door open a fraction, he would be able to see
    anybody entering the bathroom in plenty of time to close the toilet
    door.


                              Chapter 84.

       Johnny hurried through the ensuite, opened the toilet door and,
    dropping his trunks, sat down on the closed toilet seat. He leaned
    back and spread his knees apart, his erect cock stuck up from his
    groin like a flagpole, hard as an iron bar. Johnny wrapped his
    fingers around it and began to jerk himself off with practiced ease.

       As he masturbated, Johnny's young mind was filled with visions of
    Debbie Conroy, in lewd, sexually explicit poses, just like the
    magazines he normally used to fire his imagination while he jerked
    himself off. He pictured her on her bed, naked, with her legs wide
    apart, one hand spreading the lips of her cunt open, the other
    beckoning him towards her as he moved closer to the bed.

       She was calling his name, begging him to get on top of her and
    fuck her. As he beat his meat faster, Johnny's imagination soared,
    and soon he was between her hot thighs, his cock inside her tight,
    pink pussy, fucking her hard and fast.

       "Ohh! Fuck! Debbie! You gorgeous cunt!", he moaned. "I wanna fuck
    you so much!"

       He was nearly there, his mind filled with all the lurid
    possibilities of sex a horny teenage boy can dream up. In his
    fantasy, Johnny fucked the willing mother from nextdoor in every
    orifice, and in every position possible, his fist a blur on his cock
    as his mind raced, until finally he felt that familiar burning
    pleasure rising hotly in his groin. He had made it, and in record
    time too!

                             + + + + +

       In Julie's room, Kelly finished changing into her bikini and
    looked around the bedroom for a towel, but there were none to be
    found anywhere. She was sure Julie had said there were towels in
    here.

       "Damn!", she mumbled, finally giving up the search, and headed off
    towards the bathroom. 'There'd have to be a towel she could use in
    here.', she thought, opening the door. Kelly padded into the
    bathroom, her bare feet hardly making a sound on the tiled floor.
    Several fresh towels were lined up on a rack near the toilet door.
    Kelly had just grabbed one and turned to leave the room, when a noise
    from the toilet caught her ear. She listened carefully, but when she
    didn't hear it again, Kelly shook her head and went to leave. Her
    hand was on the bathroom door handle when she heard it again, this
    time much louder.

       It sounded like it was coming from the toilet, so Kelly moved
    closer to the door. It was partly open, just a crack and about enough
    to see inside. The light was on, and Kelly grinned lewdly when she
    saw the source of the mysterious sounds. It was Johnny, and he was
    stark naked, sitting on the toilet seat with his left hand rubbing a
    huge hard-on. His eyes were tightly closed and his mouth hung open,
    low guttural moans escaped his parted lips as the boy jerked his fist
    rapidly up and down on his prick, oblivious to the outside world as
    he masturbated. Kelly's eyes widened at the size of the young boy's
    formidable erection.

       Since she was only a guest, Kelly's instincts told her she should
    leave and let the boy continue what he was doing in private, but the
    sight of Johnny's hugely erect prick held her fast. It was big and
    long and beautiful... almost as big as her brother's. Johnny sure
    wasn't a little kid anymore! Kelly dragged her eyes away from his
    massive cock and let them wander over the rest of his body. She ran
    her gaze up over his long muscled legs, over his flat belly and
    narrow waist, moving up offer his wide chest and upper arms, taking
    in the boy's hairless tanned flesh. As she watched, Johnny's chest
    muscles and biceps bulged in time with the movements of his hand as
    he pulled on his cock fiercely.

       Kelly stared at his handsome young face, even more handsome now,
    she thought to herself. She had always loved the look on a man's face
    when he was about to come.  She wondered again if she should leave,
    but her pussy was quivering with excitement and Kelly couldn't bring
    herself to go, the incredibly sexy sight of the young kid bringing
    himself off was just too damn exciting to miss. Her hand dropped to
    the waistband of her bikini pants and slid inside, cupping her furry
    cuntmound. Watching Johnny carefully, Kelly slid a stiffened finger
    into her tight cuntslit and began to tease her clit to erection as
    she watched the boy masturbate.

       As she fondled it, her pussy got wetter and wetter, until her
    finger was making tiny squishing sounds as she moved it round and
    round in her juicy cuntslit. Kelly stopped suddenly, wondering if he
    could hear her, but the look on his face told her that a herd of wild
    elephants had about the same chance of attracting his attention at
    the moment.

       Feeling a bit safer, Kelly resumed her cuntal caresses, trying to
    excite herself as much as possible so that she would be able to
    climax before Johnny. Otherwise, Kelly knew she would be forced to
    leave before she had time to come, and she so desperately needed an
    orgasm right now! Her clit swelled and pulsed under the insistent
    pressure of her fingertip, and her other hand went up to squeeze her
    tits. Kelly's eyes were glued to Johnny's throbbing cock. If Dave's
    cock was as big as his young son's, she and her mother were in for
    some great fucking tonight.


                              Chapter 85.

       Wild thoughts entered her fevered brain as she stared at the young
    boy's long, quivering shaft. She saw herself between Johnny's thighs,
    taking his wonderful cock into her mouth, sucking him off until he
    spurted a nice thick load of boy-cum deep into her convulsing throat.
    She just knew it would taste fantastic, hot and salty and creamy as
    it filled her sucking mouth. As she watched Johnny fist his huge,
    stiff prick, the overwhelming excitement of the moment, and Kelly's
    visions became more and more depraved as she lost herself in the
    quest for a quick release. She imagined herself spreading her thighs
    over his cock and lowering her open pussy onto it, feeling the large,
    purple head part her cuntlips as quickly and easily a diver cleaves
    the water.

       Kelly pictured him fucking her, his long, thick meat buried deep
    in her hot, wet tightness, filling her cunt to the brim with hard,
    throbbing prick. 'Oh, God yes! I can't wait to fuck him!", her
    tortured mind screamed silently. Kelly was close to orgasm now as she
    leaned against the door-frame, her eyes open, staring with glazed
    eyes at Johnny's hard, throbbing cock.

       She heard Johnny groan loudly and saw the long arc of sperm fly
    into the air, splattering audibly onto the tiled floor of the toilet.
    The tremendously exciting sight was all Kelly needed to come herself,
    and she covered her mouth with her hand as a sudden moan of pleasure
    threatened to give her away.

       As stream after stream of jism spurted from the tip of his jerking
    prick, Kelly looked on with a mixture of awe and regret. She would
    dearly have loved to take that creamy load into her mouth, or better
    still her horny cunt, but instead it was wasted on a cold, tiled
    floor. Kelly pulled her fingers from her still spasming pussy and
    retreated from the room, consoled by the fact that at this age,
    Johnny would recover quickly. Besides, if everything went as
    planned, she would have two other equally-hard cocks to choose from
    before the night was out.

       The edge taken off his rampant libido somewhat, Johnny cleaned up
    the mess, flushing the pile of sperm-covered tissues down the toilet
    and grabbed his towel, heading off towards the pool before anybody
    missed him.

       When Johnny entered the backyard, his father and Debbie were
    sitting at a table beside the pool drinking wine.

       "What took you so long, son?", yelled Dave, "We were just about to
    send out a search party." Johnny glanced at Debbie, staring openly at
    her gorgeous tits.

       "Um..., I couldn't find my trunks.", he lied, hoping nobody would
    notice the bulge that began to form in his crotch the instant he set
    eyes on Debbie Conroy's gorgeous body. He couldn't get the sight of
    her naked pussy out of his mind.

       "You don't really need trunks, honey," smiled Debbie, staring at
    his bulging groin. "Your father and I were just talking about going
    for a skinny-dip later." His father laughed.

       Johnny gulped, his cock growing even bigger at the thought of the
    gorgeous woman swimming around naked in their pool! He sat down
    quickly, placing his towel on his lap to conceal the growing lump in
    his trunks.

       Debbie smiled at him. 'God, he's so cute!', she thought. She
    couldn't wait to get her hands on his gorgeous young body. And,
    judging by the bulge in the front of his pants, that shouldn't be too
    difficult, she was obviously turning him on.  Debbie sat with her
    legs apart and her tits thrust out a little, purposely flaunting
    herself at the handsome young boy. 'If this doesn't get him horny,
    nothing will!', she thought, wiggling her shapely butt on the seat
    until her bikini pants bit deeply into the groove of her moist
    cuntslit.

       Johnny could see every contour of her cunt, highlighted by the
    tight, thin material. He could even make out the bump of her clit,
    standing to attention at the top of her scantily covered-cuntslit.
    Like a true male, Johnny tried not to look too interested, but it was
    impossible, his eyes were drawn to Debbie's shamelessly displayed
    charms like a goddamn magnet!

       "Where are the others, Johnny?", asked Dave, handing him a glass
    of wine.

       "Er... Getting changed I think.", replied the boy, sipping the
    drink carefully. "I'm sure they'll be coming any minute."

       Debbie giggled, and Johnny immediately regretted his choice of
    words. He tried to smile back, but only succeeded in a nervous grin.


                              Chapter 86.

       "Well, Johnny, what do you think, honey?", asked Debbie, spreading
    her arms wide. Johnny gulped as her tits almost fell out of her tiny
    bikini and looked at her with surprise, almost choking on his drink.

       "Ah... um... pardon me?", he spluttered. Debbie giggled again.

       "Your yard silly. Your father has been telling me about all the
    improvements he's done since the last time we were over?"

       He looked relieved, but Johnny was still staring at her tits as he
    replied.

       "Oh... yes! They're great, Mrs Conroy... Dad did a real good job,"
    said Johnny, his mind still on the hot, steamy valley between the
    beautiful woman's legs.

       "Hey.... haven't I told you already to call me Debbie, honey?"

       "Ummm... Yeah, sure! Okay, Mrs...er.. Debbie.."

       "Your dad said he put in a spa and sauna last month,", said Debbie,
    letting her thighs fall wider apart. "You'll have to show it to me
    later, okay?"

       Debbie reached over and rested her hand on Johnny's thigh, and
    again, her touch sent hot little shivers up and down the boy's spine.

       Johnny took a big gulp out of his glass and looked nervously over
    at his father. Dave was smiling and nodding at him in encouragement.

       "Okay... sure, Debbie!", replied Johnny. "I'd love to show you!"

       Flattered by the attention Debbie was giving him, and excited by
    her obvious interest, Johnny lost most of his initial nervousness. He
    removed the towel from his lap and stretched back, enjoying his drink,
    watching her reaction. Debbie stared openly at his crotch, admiring
    the large cock bulge which was still VERY apparent.

       "Nice trunks, Johnny.", murmured Debbie, taking a long sip of her
    wine, her pretty blue eyes flicking from his crotch to his face and
    back again. "Not as nice as your bikini, Debbie!", grinned Johnny,
    quickly getting into the swing of things.

       Debbie noticed the change in the handsome young boy immediately and
    was pleased at how quickly she had been able to break the ice with
    him. His initial reaction to her thinly veiled interest seemed cool to
    say the least, but the handsome young kid had proved her wrong. This
    was going to be easier than she'd thought!

       Just as Debbie was having nasty thoughts about reaching out and
    running her hands over the boy's obviously excited cock, Kelly and
    Julie arrived, looking very striking in their skimpy bikinis. Both
    Dave and Johnny stared in awe at the expanse of young, creamy flesh
    exposed before them. Dave poured them both another drink, his eyes
    roaming hungrily over Kelly's gorgeous bikini-clad body.

       As Kelly bent forward to take the generously filled glass of wine
    from Dave's hand, her tits almost spilled from her bikini top. Dave
    almost dropped the glass and Johnny's cock swelled even harder against
    the front of his pants as both pairs of male eyes admired Kelly's
    perfect breasts. Debbie smiled, they looked like a pair of horny young
    puppy dogs sniffing after a bitch in heat. `Hmmm, not too far from the
    truth, either', thought Debbie with an evil grin.

       Bobby, Julie and Tina soon joined them poolside and they began to
    chat about nothing in particular, letting the the wine take effect
    properly. Kelly found her gaze wandering to Dave's crotch. She could
    make out the outline of his very substantial prick in his trunks, and
    it excited her. Her pussy began to itch with wet heat. She couldn't
    help herself, and soon she was staring at Dave's crotch bulge openly,
    wondering if it was as big as Johnny's... or her brother's...
    wondering what it would feel like rammed up her hot, steamy cunt.

       After the bottle of wine was empty, Dave produced a large beach
    ball. "How 'bout a little fun in the pool.", he suggested. "Last one
    in is a rotten egg!" He dived into the water, splashing the others who
    wasted no time in jumping in after him. They splashed and swam up and
    down the pool, tossing and chasing the ball.


                              Chapter 87.

       Soon, Johnny, Dave and Bobby began throwing the ball to each
    other, trying to keep it from the girls. Debbie stuck to Johnny like
    glue, pretending to go after the ball, but taking every chance she
    got to rub her tits and ass against his hard, athletic body. Johnny
    began to take less and less interest in the ball and more and more
    interest in his sexy neighbour. Bobby did the same with Tina putting
    his arms around her waist and pulling her firm, rounded ass against
    his cock. Seemingly accidentally at first, but after he realized she
    was enjoying it, he began to touch her more blatantly.

       Dave and Kelly didn't even pretend not to touch each other,
    instead... they spent most of the time in the darkened corners of the
    pool, groping each other between the legs and giggling drunkenly.

       Soon, very little action was going on above the water line. Debbie
    had her ass pressed hard against the growing lump in Johnny's trunks,
    and Dave had hold of Kelly's tits, squeezing them gently, rubbing his
    lengthening cock against the hollow of the girl's hot, young
    asscheeks. Bobby's hand was between Tina's thighs, squeezing and
    stroking her hot, wet cuntflesh under the water.

       Julie winked at Debbie, it was the signal they had both been
    waiting for all night. It was time for some real family fun! Debbie
    turned to Johnny and draped her arms over his shoulders, rubbing her
    tits against his hairless young chest.

       "How 'bout you show you the spa now, honey?", she whispered,
    licking his ear suggestively.

       "Sure", smiled Johnny. "Follow me!"

       He took her hand and pulled him towards the edge of the pool.
    Johnny helped her out, resting his hands on Debbie's firm, round ass
    for a LOT longer than was necessary.

       Once in the spa, Debbie turned towards the young boy and removed
    her bikini top, watching the unmistakable look of desire on his face
    as her large creamy breasts sprang free.

       "Wh...what are you doing?", stammered Johnny, feasting his eyes on
    her naked tits. Despite the wine and Debbie's blatant advances, he
    was still a little nervous... out of his depth. He had fucked his
    mother AND his sister, but that had been easy... Mrs Conroy was a
    whole new kettle of fish... He knew what she wanted of him but he
    didn't know exactly how to go about it.

       "I always take off my bikini in a spa, silly. It feels so much
    better, to do it in the nude... all these refreshing little bubbles
    caressing my naked skin.... you don't mind, do you, Johnny?"

       "Hell no! I don't mind at all!", he gulped, staring at her
    stiffening nipples. Debbie noticed the hungry look on his handsome
    young face.

       "Do you like my tits?", she breathed, moving slowly towards him.
    "Do you like my big titties, Johnny?"

       "Oh, yes, Debbie!... Yes, they're beautiful!", moaned the excited
    young boy.

       Johnny's eyes were rivetted to her firm round, breasts as Debbie
    moved closer, staring at the bulge his cock made as it pressed
    against the crotch of his trunks. She held up her boobs to him, just
    as he had seen her do in the mirror in her room. He didn't know what
    to do or what to say! As it turned out, he didn't have to, because
    Debbie was getting so excited by the thrill of seducing the young
    boy, she decided to speed things up a little. She pressed her body
    against his and lifted her boobs up towards his open mouth.

       "Suck them, Johnny!", ordered Debbie. "Suck my tits and bite my
    nipples!"

       Johnny froze, it was like a fantasy come true, but he still
    couldn't quite believe it, and simply stared at Debbie's, tight, firm
    tits, only inches from his mouth, aware of the firey heat emanating
    from her bikini-covered crotch.

       "What's wrong, honey?"

       Johnny swallowed hard, mustering up the courage to ask her the
    question that had plagued his young mind ever since he watched her
    bring herself off in front of the mirror.

       "I want to fuck you, Debbie," he gasped, "I want to fuck your hot,
    sexy cunt!"

       Debbie only smiled, pulling his head down onto her heaving tits.

       "All in good time, honey!", she crooned as Johnny's lips caressed
    her burning nipples. ".... all in good time, baby!"


                              Chapter 88.

       Back at the pool, Tina grabbed Bobby's hand and climbed out of the
    water pulling the boy after her.

       "Where are you two off to, mom?", smiled Julie.

       "Into the house, honey. Bobby's going to help me make some snacks.
    You want to join us?"

       "Later Mom, I think I'll go see what Johnny and Debbie are up to
    in the spa."

       Julie smiled knowingly as Tina literally dragged Bobby into the
    house. `Snacks, my ass', she thought, watching the way Bobby's hand
    kept squeezing her mother's tight ass through her bikini bottoms.
    Julie headed of towards the spa to see how Debbie was getting on with
    her brother.

       Dave and Kelly remained in the pool, and once they were alone, all
    pretense of propriety vanished.  Dave took her into his arms and his
    hands roamed the young girl's body, exciting her more and more with
    each passing second.

       "Oooohh, are you sure we should be doing this, Dave!", she
    muttered unconvincingly, at the same time pressing her overheated
    crotch against his groping hand.

       "I know you want it Kelly, we both want it!... Let it happen,
    baby!"

       She reached her hand into his trunks and grasped his cock firmly,
    feeling the lust-swollen organ throb powerfully between her fingers.

       "Yesss, you're right! I do want it, Dave!.. I want your cock so
    much!... but what about Tina?", whispered Kelly, hoarsely. In reply,
    Dave slid his hand under the elastic of her bikini pants and cupped
    the prominent mound of the girl's cunt.

       Inserting a finger into her tight, slippery slit, Dave looked into
    her pretty face, seeing the incredible need in her sparkling round
    eyes.

       "Judging by the way she just dragged Bobby out of here, I wouldn't
    be surprised if she was in there getting hers already," he breathed,
    sliding his finger slowly back and forth inside her gripping pussy.
    "God!... your cunt is burning up!"

       "Oh, Dave!", moaned Kelly, grinding her pussy onto his drilling
    finger. "Fuck me!... Do it now!... Right here, Dave!... Fuck me right
    here in the water!"

        Dave kissed her passionately as they struggled frantically to
    take each other's clothes off. When they were both naked, Dave pulled
    her to the edge of the pool and lifted her up. Kelly raised her legs
    and held them wide apart so that he could enter her. After the
    excitement of tonight, Kelly's cunt was well lubricated and ready for
    him, and Dave's cock sliced easily into her parted cuntlips like a
    hot knife through butter.

       Kelly moaned deep in her throat at the sudden, delicious
    penetration, wrapping her long, tanned legs around the cheeks of her
    new lover's ass for support. Her knees were bent and her thighs
    spread wide as Dave's cock began to piston in and out, fucking her
    tightly-filled cunt with an urgent, powerful rhythm.

       "Ohhhhh, Jesus! What a wonderful cock!... Yes, fuck me Dave! Fuck
    meeee!"

       Kelly groaned loudly and arched her back as Dave grabbed her full
    hips and began thrusting harder, thrilled by the incredible
    tightness of Kelly's hot, eager cuntflesh.

       "I'll fuck you alright, baby!", grunted Dave, ramming her savagely
    with his huge cock. "I'll fuck your tight, hotpants little pussy till
    you faint!... you ain't gonna forget this fuck in a hurry, girl!"

       Kelly held onto the edge of the pool as Dave stabbed his
    rock-hard prick into her, the rigid shaft rasping against her clit
    with every stroke. Her tits wobbled and bounced, and her hips
    wriggled and gyrated wildly each time he thrust in. Dave held Kelly's
    ass out of the water, gripping the smooth, taut cheeks tightly for
    added leverage. His thick cock penetrated her deeply, stretching the
    walls of her cunt to the limit with every thrust. Kelly felt totally
    filled up, yet with each stroke, she strained to get every last
    throbbing inch of Dave's hard, hairy prick inside her.

       "More!... more, baby! Unnghh! Give me more of that big, fat cock,
    Dave!", squealed Kelly. She was raving with uncontrollable lust,
    begging her handsome neighbour to do all sorts of deliciously
    depraved things to her.

       "Oooooh! God, what a prick!... Uhhhhh, fuck me, baby!... Fuck me
    hard and come in my cunt!... Ummmmm! Make me come too, baby!...make
    my pussy come with your big fat cock!  Oooh, Dave, honey... fuck
    me... fuck my cunt ... my ass... my mouth!... God, fuck me
    everywhere... fuck me till I drop!" Dave smiled. He fully intended to
    do just that.


                              Chapter 89.

       Meanwhile, in the spa, Johnny was busily nuzzling Debbie's heaving
    breasts, causing the excited woman to moan with pleasure as he sucked
    her creamy tit-flesh into his mouth, drawing her erect nipples one at
    a time between his hot, eager lips. Debbie had taken his cock out of
    his trunks, and was squeezing the thick pole gently between her
    fingers, working her fist up and down its awesome length. Her other
    hand was inside her bikini bottoms, working her rapidly moistening
    cunt into a hot, steamy lather.

       "Ooooohhhh, Johnny! What a nice big prick you have, honey!... big
    and hard!" Johnny felt Debbie's hand cup his balls, and moaned into
    her tits as she squeezed them softly. "... and such nice big balls
    too! I bet the girls really feel it when you shoot off in their tight
    hot, little cunts, huh Johnny?"

       The boy moaned a muffled reply, excited at the way this beautiful
    woman was talking to him, it made his cock throb like mad. The hard
    tip pressed urgently against her naked belly as Debbie lifted his
    tousled head from her glistening, breasts. She leaned back against
    the side of the spa and raised her hips until her bikini covered
    crotch was just out of the water.

       "Take them off, honey!", she husked, "... and I want you to use
    your teeth!"

       Johnny dropped to his knees in the foaming water and slid his
    hands under the waistband either side of Debbie's bikini bottoms.
    Debbie pushed his head down into her upraised crotch, moaning and
    shivering with desire as she felt his young chin press against her
    sex mound. Johnny gripped the elastic band at the front of Debbie's
    bikini between his teeth and pulled... his teeth and fingers peeling
    the tiny, wet garment slowly down over her slim hips.

       As Debbie's pussy appeared before his wide, excited eyes, Johnny
    caught a whiff of of her gaping sex, the smell of her hotly aroused
    cuntslit flooded his nostrils. He breathed deeply of Debbie's heady
    aroma, leaving his face close to her exposed crotch as he pulled her
    bikini pants down over her legs, throwing the tiny fragment of cloth
    over his shoulder.

       "Ohhh, Johnny! Your breath feels so hot on my cunt, baby!",
    gasped Debbie, spreading her thighs wide for him. Johnny looked down
    and watched his beautiful nextdoor neighbour's naked pussy open
    before his very eyes. It was fantastic, the puffy, fur-lined cuntlips
    unfurled like a flower, revealing the glistening, scarlet interior.

       "Do you like it, Johnny!", she moaned, running a finger through
    the slick, pink furrow. The boy simply nodded, his eyes only inches
    away from his Debbie's drooling cunt. Debbie smoothed the soft
    cunthair away from her gleaming slit and opened the pussylips wide
    with her fingers. Her clit jutted outwards, and she rubbed the edges
    of it, smiling at him sexily.

       "My cunt is so juicy," she murmured sexily. "Look at how wet and
    juicy I am, baby!"

       Johnny held her by the ass now, with her legs spread wide, lifting
    her open sex up to his eager young gaze. He could smell her cunt
    simmering with need only inches under his nose. Debbie saw the look
    of hunger on his handsome young face and decided she couldn't wait
    any longer. With a moan of lustful anticipation she reached down and
    grabbed the back of the boy's head with both hands, pulling his face
    into her gaping twat.

       "Eat me!" she whimpered, his lips against her yearning flesh.
    "Please, suck my pussy!... I'm so fucking hot!... I need tongue on
    my cunt, baby!"

       Johnny's mouth was crushed against her hot pussy-slit, and the
    initial shock soon gave way to total pleasure. As Debbie ground her
    snatch into his face, Johnny's lips opened, and he began to swirl his
    tongue around and around in her tasty pink cuntflesh. Debbie cried
    out as the boy's mouth slurped at her hairy, drooling gash, screaming in
    ecstasy as he dragged it expertly over her swollen cuntlips and
    distended clit.

       "Oooooh, yessssss!... Lick my pussy, Johnny!... Tongue-fuck me in
    my cunt you gorgeous kid!"

       Johnny moaned into her crotch and pressed his open, sucking mouth
    tightly over her seeping twat, his tongue darting in and out, his
    upper lip mashing her inflamed clit.  Debbie quivered and bucked
    wildly, jamming his head into her open crotch until Johnny's face was
    drenched with her freely flowing pussy-cream. She tasted wonderful,
    just like his mother and sister, except somehow subtly different from
    either of them. He slurped up her clear aromatic juices, noisily
    sucking up every drop of fluid her yawning snatch could produce....
    and the more he sucked, the more the horny woman's love-juices flowed.


                              Chapter 90.

       All the while, Debbie was whimpering and mewling deep in her
    throat like a tiny, wounded animal, sobbing out her delight as Johnny
    licked and sucked her squirming, quivering cunt.

       "Ohhh, so good!", she cried. "...so fucking good! Eat me!... eat
    me, Johnny! Eat out my juicy wet cunt..... Ooooo, yes, lick it...
    suck it... God! Stick it inside, Johnny!... Fuck me with your hot
    stiff tongue, baby!" Debbie's whole body began to vibrate as Johnny's
    lips wrapped around her clit and pulled it deep into his hot, sucking
    mouth. "Oh, God!... F...fuck!... Yes, m...my clit, baby!... suck my
    fucking clit!"

       Debbie was beside herself with ecstasy! The boy's gorgeous lips
    and tongue were driving her crazy... his mouth action on her horny
    cunt was so good, she was going to climax any second.

       "Oh God, Johnny!... I'm gonna come, honey!... I'm gonna come in
    your ever lovin' mouth! Uhhhhhh! You want me to come in your mouth...
    don't you baby?"

       Debbie's hands were pushing at the back of his head so strongly,
    Johnny couldn't have taken his face out of her crotch to answer her,
    even if he'd wanted to. He simply nodded his approval, his mouth
    still firmly plastered over Debbie's fat, hairy cuntlips.

       "Okay! Then get ready, lover!", she screamed. "Arhhhhhggh! Suck
    hard, Johnny! Suck my cunt for all you're worth! Suck my cunt into
    your mouth, baby, and taste what happens!"

       Debbie bucked her crotch against his face as Johnny sealed his
    open lips over her cunt and sucked, jabbing her clit repeatedly with
    his tongue, finally shooting the wiggling tip deep up into her tight,
    wet fuckhole. Debbie climaxed on the spot!

       "Ohhh! Jesus!... Uhhh, uhhh, uhhhhh!... God, yessssss!...
    Oooooooohhh! I'm coming, Johnny!... Suck it, honey!... Suck it all
    out of me!... Lick up every fucking drop!... Ahhhhhhhhhggggghhh...
    you gorgeous little fucker!"

       Debbie's loins exploded as she came like a rocket. Her hips bucked
    wildly from side to side, squashing her seething pussy against her
    young lover's mouth, time and time again. Johnny hung on to her madly
    thrashing ass with both hands and, with great difficulty, kept his
    mouth firmly glued to Debbie's writhing cunt. Her cum gushed into his
    mouth, but Johnny never lost a drop of the precious cream, swallowing
    it all down like the tasty nectar it was.

       Instinctively, he shook his head from side to side, forcing her
    cuntlips wide apart until his whole face was buried in her spasming
    gash from nose to chin. Debbie had never felt anything like it before
    in all her life, and the pleasure was so intense, she almost blacked
    out.

       As she struggled for breath at the peak of her climax, something
    completely absurd popped into Debbie's muddled brain. 'How on earth
    could he breathe down there?' The silly thought vanished as quickly
    as it had arisen, washed away by the rising tide of pure ecstasy
    crashing through her body. Right at that moment Debbie found she
    didn't care if Johnny could breathe or not, so long as he kept on
    sucking her throbbing clit. All that mattered was the unbelievable
    pleasure his mouth and tongue were generating deep within her totally
    aroused cunt. Her mouth opened wide as Debbie screamed with delight.

       "Ahhhrrrrrgggghh! Oh fuck! Oh, my god!.... Ohhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh!
    Oooooooohh!"

       With every movement, the boy's mouth was exciting her quivering
    pussy to even greater heights, pushing her over the edge time and
    time again.

       Johnny felt the woman's body stiffen and shudder a number of times
    as several smaller orgasms tore through her jerking loins. Debbie's
    back was arched as she held onto the edge of the spa for dear life,
    pressing her cunt onto the boy's slurping mouth and her jutting tits
    against his hands, savouring the last delicious sensations of her
    fading climax.

       "Uhhhmmmmmmmmm! Oh, baby, that was good!", sighed Debbie, lowering
    her crotch from his face. With her legs spread wide, either side of
    his body, Debbie let her cunt slide down his chest until her ass
    rested on his kneeling thighs, she could feel his hard cock trapped
    between their naked bodies, pressing urgently against her sex.

       The young lad stared into Debbie's flushed face. She looked
    different somehow, and suddenly Johnny realized it was the beauty of
    sexual fulfillment that made her pretty features take on the glow of
    a young girl.

       "You're wonderful, Debbie!", he murmured.


                              Chapter 91.

       Debbie slumped forward and nestled her head against his shoulder,
    her nipples pressing into the hard muscles of the boy's hairless
    young chest.

       "You're not so bad yourself, Johnny boy!", replied Debbie,
    misinterpreting what her young lover meant. "Ummmmmmm, not bad at
    all!"

       She snuggled against him in post-orgasmic bliss, squirming her
    cunt against his young, throbbing cock.

       "No, I mean you're beautiful!", he said, lifting up her face to
    his. "You really are, Debbie. You look so much younger right now.
    I've never noticed that before."

       Debbie smiled up at him.

       "You've never made me come before, either, baby!"

       "I guess not... but I hope you'll let me do it again sometime",
    he asked.

       "Honey, you can suck my pussy any time you get the urge, okay?"

       Debbie took the boy into her arms and kissed him deeply, tasting
    the exciting flavour of her own cunt juices on his hot, young lips.
    She pressed her tits against his chest, and soon the tender kiss
    became hotter and hotter as their passion grew. Johnny was trembling
    at the unbelievably exciting prospect of fucking his beautiful sexy
    neighbour. She was the stuff of wet dreams, and just licking her hot,
    juicy cuntslit had given the horny teenager an insatiable appetite
    for more.

       Johnny's young cock was rock-hard, and throbbed painfully as he
    pressed the long shaft solidly up against Debbie's squirming snatch.
    He could feel the heat of her pussy against his cock, even under the
    water. Johnny pulled his mouth from her moist, clinging lips and
    looked into her gleaming eyes, a look of undisguised lust on his
    handsome young face.

       "Can I fuck you now, Debbie?", he asked frankly. "You promised to
    let me fuck you, and my cock is so swollen, it hurts!... feel how big
    and hard it is."

       Johnny took Debbie's hand and placed it on his prick under the water.

       "God!... now that's what I call a prick, baby!", blurted Debbie
    as she tried unsuccessfully to wrap her long, slim fingers around the
    boy's erect penis.

       She was amazed at the size of it. It felt like it belonged to a
    goddamn horse rather than a teenage boy!  Johnny massaged her tits.

       "Let me fuck you, Debbie!", begged Johnny. "I know you'll like
    it! Let me stick my cock into your pussy, just once..... please? I'll
    do whatever you want!... I'll lick your cunt again and... and... and
    fuck you in the ass, if you'll let me!... I want to do everything
    with you, Debbie!"

       Debbie moaned with delight at the deliciously lewd visions the
    boy's words conjured up in her mind. He was as excited as a puppy,
    anxious to plunge his hard, teen cock into her juicy-tight fuckhole.
    Debbie trembled at the delicious thought, and realized at once that
    she was just as eager as he was. She couldn't wait any longer for her
    handsome young lover to shove the massive pole of throbbing muscle
    she held in her hand, deep into her yearning cunt.

       "Ohhhh, yes, Johnny!... Jesus, yessssss!", hissed Debbie, jumping
    quickly to her feet.

       She turned and bent over the edge of the spa, with her back to
    him, her legs spread obscenely wide, offering her hot, gaping
    genitals to him like a bitch in heat. She looked back over her
    shoulder as Johnny stood up and moved behind her.

       "Fuck me darling!... Ram your big fat cock in my juicy, wet cunt
    and fuck me, Johnny... Fuck me as hard as you can!"

       "Jesus! Will I ever!", said Johnny, moving quickly up behind her,
    his eyes gleaming at the sight of her pussy and ass stuck up in the
    air like that. He fondled her firm, rounded asscheeks with both
    hands, caressing and stroking the tight flesh until Debbie groaned
    with frustration.

       "Touch me, Johnny! Put your hand on my cunt and feel how much I
    want you, baby!"

       Johnny slipped one hand down between Debbie's wide-spread thighs
    and cupped her firey cuntmound, rubbing it gently, feeling Debbie's
    hot, wet pussy drip into his palm.

       "Mmmmm, hot and juicy! Your cunt is like a furnace, yet so wet!"

       "I'm hot alright, Johnny... Hot and wet for your big, fat prick,
    lover!"


                              Chapter 92.

       Debbie was out of control now, the anticipation of having the
    young kid's man-sized prick stuffed up her twat was driving her crazy
    with desire, She began to wiggle her ass against his hand, trying
    desperately to get his fingers... anything, into her quivering,
    itching cunthole.

       "Oh, Jesus, fuck me now!  Unhhh!  I can't wait any longer,
    Johnny!... Please fuck me!... for God's sake Johnny, put your prick
    in me and fuck me... now!", begged Debbie as she waited breathlessly
    for him to stick his cock into her cunt and begin the delicious fuck
    she was sure the virile young teenager could deliver.

       Johnny grabbed Debbie by the cheeks of her compact little ass and
    positioned his formidable erection between the open lips of her
    glistening cuntslit. The hot, fleshy folds seemed to suck inward as
    Johnny touched them with the tip of his swollen cock. A soft whimper
    of lust issued from her parted lips.

       "Ohhh, yes!... Nice and hard! ... and long... and thick!", moaned
    Debbie, pushing her hips back against him. "God, I just LOVE young
    cock!"

       Johnny rubbed the head of his cock up and down Debbie's ass
    crack, from her juicy cunt, up and over the pucker of her asshole to
    the base of her spine. Debbie's arms buckled and she rested her head
    and shoulders on the edge of the spa, her cute ass lifted high now,
    jutting back to receive the boy's probing cock. Johnny pushed
    forwards trying to insert his prick into her carefully, finding to
    his surprise that the massive shaft slid into Debbie's hot, slippery
    depths with ease. Debbie held her breath as the entire length of the
    boy's thick, young cock entered her cunt. It took her a few moments
    to get used to the huge pole of hardened flesh that filled her.

       "Ooooo, Fuck!... You're bigger than I thought, baby!", Debbie
    cried softly as she slowly eased her ass backwards, sliding her
    tight cunt over the boy's throbbing prick.

       "Ummmm, mmmm!... I'm really gonna enjoy this!... I can feel it way
    up inside my belly!... Jesus! Fuck, that's nice!... Oooooooooo!"

       The pink pucker of her twat stretched around his invading cock to
    the limit, gripping his prick tightly as the cheeks of her ass
    touched his body. Johnny's cock was deep... very deep, inside
    Debbie's hairy snatch, the flared lips of her cunt stretched wide and
    squashed between the base of his prick and her creamy inner thighs.
    Debbie's ass trembled and then she began to squirm. Johnny began to
    move his deeply buried shaft slowly back and forth.

       "Ahhhhhh, yes!... That's it!... Fuck it in and out, Johnny!",
    whimpered Debbie. "... but gently at first, darling... otherwise
    that horse-cock of yours is gonna bust my poor little pussy wide
    open!"

       After a few thrusts, it was Debbie who did most of the fucking.
    She pulled her ass forwards from his cock, the tight lips of her cunt
    clutching at his shaft like a sucking mouth. When only the flared
    head remained inside her, Debbie wiggled her ass in a tiny circular
    motion, rotating her cunt around on the tip of his prick before
    pushing backwards again, her hot hungry cunt eagerly swallowing the
    full length of his rampant cock once more.

       "Ohhhh God, Debbie... your cunt is so fucking hot!... and Jesus, I
    never expected you to be so...."

       "Tight?", she smiled, finishing his sentence for him.

       "Mmmmm! Fuck, yes... uhhhhhhh, real tight! You're as tight as my
    fucking little sister!", Johnny muttered with amazement, her pussy
    muscles squeezing around his deeply buried cock.

       He had imagined Debbie's pussy to be big and roomy after two
    children and years of regular fucking, but it wasn't! Far from it!
    Debbie's cute little snatch was as compact on the inside as it was
    on the outside. Johnny marvelled at the exquisite tightness, and the
    wet heat which enveloped him each time he thrust his cock inside her
    greedy pussy-flesh.

       "I'm glad you like it, honey... 'cause I work hard to keep it
    that way."

       Johnny slammed his cock into Debbie's cunt as hard as he could,
    and Debbie moaned as she felt his swollen young balls slap
    deliciously against the sensitive little nub of her clit.

       "Ohhhh, Johnny! Keep that up, baby, and you'll have me coming in
    no time!"


                              Chapter 93.

       Johnny looked down and stared excitedly at his long, thick cock
    sliding back and forth between Debbie Conroy's spread ass-cheeks,
    watching the rock-hard shaft move in and out of her tightly clasping
    cunthole as he fucked her. The exposed portion of his prick glistened
    wetly with Debbie's copious juices. Johnny loved the sight of his
    cock penetrating Debbie's cunt from the rear, he enjoyed the feeling
    of her tight cunt sliding over his cock and her cute ass smacking
    against his crotch. But above all, he loved the soft cries of ecstasy
    emanating from the naked woman's lips as he fucked her. He thrust
    into her powerfully, hunching forwards each time she pushed back,
    ramming his long hard prick into her hot, squishy twat... again...
    and again... and again.

       "Ohhhh, now I'm really fucking you, Debbie!", grunted Johnny. "Do
    you want me to fuck you harder?"

        "Uuuuuuh, yesss! Fuck me hard! Fuck me as hard as you can,
    darling!"

       Johnny lifted Debbie's gorgeous ass up higher and drove his prick
    into her tight, slick hole with all the force in his young legs.

       "Okay! Take it then!", screamed Johnny. "... take it all, you
    horny cunt!"

       He stabbed into her wildly, grunting all the while as he pounded
    his massive cock home. His back was arched and his hands gripped her
    hips, pulling her cunt hard onto his cock with every thrust.

       "Fuck me!", she chanted. "Fuck me, fuck me!... Fuck me, Johnny!..
    Fuck my horny pussy like it's never been fucked before!

       The slurping of his cock in her juice-filled cunt was punctuated
    by the rhythmical smacking of her ass against his thighs and belly as
    the sounds of vigorous fucking filled the small spa room. They gasped
    and groaned together, each rapidly approaching the inevitable climax
    they were both striving for.

       Debbie came first, squealing like a stuck pig as Johnny continued
    fucking her savagely, ramming his rigid young cock again and again
    into her spasming, quivering hole. The ripples of Debbie's climaxing cunt
    around his pounding prick sent Johnny over the edge too, and with a
    loud cry, the boy stiffened and lurched, his pulsing prick pumping
    jet after hot, creamy jet of jism deep up inside Debbie's trembling
    twat.

       "Well," said a voice behind them, "You two sure seem to be hitting
    it off well!"

       Johnny and Debbie looked up to see Julie standing at the door,
    a huge grin on her pretty, young face.

       "Come on in," said Debbie, reaching up to stroke Johnny's ruffled
    young head. "You were right, Julie, your brother DOES have a
    wonderful big cock"

       Johnny looked at his sister with a look of total suprise on his
    handsome young features.

       "Jesus! You told her about us, Sis?"

       "Sure," replied Julie, removing her bikini top. "Debbie knows
       everything, big brother!"

       "Everything?", gulped Johnny. "Even about Mom and Dad and...."

       "Don't look so shocked, baby," murmured Debbie, stroking the boy's
       ruffled hair. "Bobby's fucking me and Kelly too."

       "And me!", piped up Julie with a giggle.

       "Shit, what a fuckin' turn-on! Is everybody's fucking everybody
    else around here?", said Johnny, his young mouth creasing in a lewd,
    lascivious grin.

       "Sure looks like it from where I'm standing!", grinned his sister.

       Julie slid a hand to her crotch and began to rub her wet pussy
    sensuously through the front of her bikini bottoms. She watched as
    Debbie began squirming her deeply impaled pussy around on what was
    left of her brother's rigid hardon.

       "Mmmmmm, and you're right about another thing too, Julie," Debbie
    smiled. "He recovers a lot quicker than Bobby does. Uhhh, god! His
    cock is getting hard again inside me already! Ohhhh, God! I want you
    to fuck me again, Johnny! Can you do that for me, baby?"

       "Sure! I'll fuck you all you want!" grunted the boy, moving
    his glistening hard cock back and forth inside Debbie's cum-filled
    cunthole.

       Julie watched with rising excitement as the older woman began to
    moan and jerk her insatiable cunt up at Johnny's revived erection.
    Smiling wickedly, the cute, conniving little blonde pulled off her
    tiny bikini bottoms and spread her legs.  "Wanna make it a threesome,
    you guys?" she grinned.


                              Chapter 94.

       As soon as they entered the house, Bobby pulled Tina into his
    arms and kissed her passionately. Tina melted against the boy's
    muscular young body willingly, grinding her bikini-clad crotch
    against his rock-hard cock-bulge with undisguised pleasure. He was
    so much like her son, young and handsome and horny. She had to have
    him!

       It didn't worry her that her husband was right outside. The
    Simpson family's new-found sexual intimacy meant that society's
    priggish rules had been thrown out the window. Besides, the way Dave
    had been all over young Kelly in the pool, Tina was sure that her
    horny husband was probably doing exactly the same thing with Bobby's
    sexy twin sister at this very moment. And, having experienced her
    son's insatiable urges first hand, she was equally certain that
    Johnny and Bobby's mother hadn't gone into the spa for a nice
    relaxing soak either.

       She suspected Julie had something to do with all this, but as
    Bobby's hands roamed insistently over her body, Tina lost all
    interest in anything except her own lustful urges and the insatiable
    itch rising steadily in her incredibly wet pussy.

       "Bobby!", she gasped with fake concern, "does this mean that
    you're not going to help me with the snacks, honey?"

       "Ohhh, Tina! You're gorgeous! I'd rather snack on you!"

       "Mmmmmm! I hope you mean that literally!", giggled Tina, grinding
    her saturated crotch against the boy's eagerly stroking fingers.

       "Just watch me!", he smiled.

       With that, Bobby lifted Tina in his arms and carried her into the
    living-room, kissing the beautiful woman hotly the entire way. He
    deposited her gently on the couch, then hurriedly pulled off his
    swimming trunks, watching with a grin as Tina's eyes bugged out at
    her first sight of his hard young cock.

       "Uhhhh God, Bobby! You're huge!", Tina gasped, fumbling
    desperately with the catch on her bikini top.

       As her breasts sprang free, Bobby moaned and bent his head to
    Tina's full, ripe tits, sucking her nipples ravenously into his
    mouth.

       "Ohhhh, yesssss! Suck my tits, darling! Suck me like a baby!"

       Bobby quickly complied, causing Tina to whimper loudly as the
    boy's eager young mouth serviced both of her ultra-sensitive nipples
    in turn, giving each the lavish attention it truly deserved. Tina
    whimpered as Bobby's mouth left her tits and moved lower, covering
    her naked belly with hot, wet kisses that had her pussy literally
    bubbling with expectation.

       Tina couldn't stand it anymore. She hooked her thumbs under the
    waistband of her bikini bottoms and pulled them down. Then, licking
    her lips in anticipation, Tina lay back and parted her creamy thighs
    wide, exposing her hairy, gaping cuntlips to Bobby's hungry gaze.

       "Snack time, baby!", she breathed, pulling the boy's head down
    into her crotch.

       Bobby pressed his whole face into Tina's wet, gaping fuck-hole
    and began to suck noisily. She tasted just like his mother! The
    taste of his mother's cunt always turned Bobby on. It was almost
    like an aphrodisiac to him. As usual, his excitable young prick
    began to harden and swell to mammoth proportions.

      "Oooooh, God yesssss! Suck it, Bobby!", panted Tina, lifting her
    ass up off the couch. Her gaping cuntmound was plastered firmly over
    the boy's vacuuming mouth but Tina desperately seemed to want more.

       Holding onto her naked asscheeks with both hands, Bobby pushed
    his face deep into Tina's wide-open crotch. She whimpered in
    delight, grinding her drooling cunt up at Bobby's, sucking mouth as
    the boy continued to rub his face around in her moist, yielding
    pussy-flesh. Bobby's hot tongue darted and probed, sliding
    repeatedly over Tina's clit as her ass jerked back and forth with
    pleasure.

       "Inside!", squealed Tina. "Push your tongue inside me!... Fuck my
    cunt with your tongue, baby!"

        Bobby opened his mouth wide, and plunged his tongue deep into
    Tina's squirming cunt, his hands gripping her firm, creamy ass as he
    noisily slurped up her free-flowing juices. Tina whimpered with
    ecstasy as she whipped her ass about, rubbing and twisting from side
    to side, smearing her drooling pussy up into Bobby's eager young
    mouth. She looked down between her bobbing tits at his face, seeing
    only his eyes above the soft, curly mass of pussy hair. The boy's
    long, stiff tongue felt fantastic in her cunt. She especially loved
    the way he licked the full length of her slit before burying his
    tongue deeply in her quivering fuckhole, sucking all the while.

       "Eat me... Uuuhhh, eat me!", she squealed. "Suck my pussy, Bobby!
    Oooh, baby, baby!... Suck my cunt!... Fuck me with your tongue!...
    Mmmmmmm, suck it, suck it, suck it!... Make me come in your
    pussy-sucking mouth!" Tina had forgotten all about her husband and
    her son, all that mattered right now was the blinding pleasure of
    this boy's wonderful mouth and tongue on her insatiable cunt.


                              Chapter 95.

       Clinging to Tina's grinding ass, Bobby licked and sucked her
    pussy hungrily. He knew what his sister and mother enjoyed when he
    sucked them... so, with practiced ease, he proceeded to please Tina
    in exactly the same way. He flicked her clit repeatedly with his
    tongue, then drove it into her gaping fuck-hole as deeply as he
    could. It certainly did the trick because soon Tina's hot cunt was
    creaming helplessly into Bobby's eagerly sucking mouth.

       Bobby swallowed every tasty drop with relish. He twisted and
    twirled his tongue inside her tasty pussy, sucking at her rigid
    clit, licking over every delicious inch of Tina's lust-swollen twat.

       Tina began to jerk her cunt up and down against Bobby's
    juice-smeared face, rubbing hard. Her hands were behind Bobby's
    head, mashing his mouth as tightly as possible against her burning
    cunthole.

       "I'm gonna come, Bobby!", she screamed. "Uhhhhhh, make me come! I
    want to come on your face, in your mouth! Suck it up, honey! Ooooh,
    Baby lick my juicy slit!... Unnnmmmm! I want you to suck it... and
    fuck it and... ohhhhhhh, harder, harder!"

       Tina bucked like a mare in heat, her tits jiggling and her long
    hair flying. Bobby held on to her hips for dear life, his mouth
    glued to the woman's spasming pussy as she came. Wave after wave of
    intense pleasure filled her cunt as one of the most powerful orgasms
    Tina had ever experienced engulfed her panting, trembling body.

       "Oh, Jesus, baby! That was fantastic! You suck my pussy better
    than anybody!"

       Bobby lifted his juice-smeared face from her cunt and smiled.

       "Even better than your husband?" he asked, reaching up to fondle
    her quivering tits.

       "Yep!... Don't get me wrong... Both Dave and Johnny are good, but
    in the cunt-sucking department, you've got them beat a million ways,
    lover!"

       "I don't get many complaints!", grinned Bobby.

       "I bet you don't!... What about Kelly, does she like you to suck
    her pussy too?"

       "She sure does!  Kel goes crazy when I eat out her hot little
    cunt. I'm surprised she doesn't wake up the whole neighbourhood some
    mornings."

       "And your mother...?"

       "You don't miss much, do you?", laughed Bobby.

       "Nope!"

       "Now I know where Julie get's her smarts from."

       "I THOUGHT she was behind all this...", grinned Tina.

       "Do you mind?"

       "Nope!"

       Tina reached for Bobby's cock and began to move her fist up and
    down the long, smooth incredible length of it. She longed to feel
    the boy's musky maleness between her lips before he plunged it into
    her pussy.

       "Mmmmm, oh, yes!... Ohhh, that's nice!... Rub it hard!", groaned
    Bobby, hunching his erection lewdly into Tina's hand.

       Tina moved her fist up and down the length of the boy's stiff
    young prick, squeezing the bloated head of his cock gently each
    time. God he was hung! She could hardly get her fingers around the
    circumference of his prick!

       As she stroked his cock, Bobby's hands roamed Tina's body,
    massaging the smooth, tanned flesh of her tits and ass, pressing her
    naked, trembling body against his own. Tina kissed her new lover
    briefly on the lips, then whispered hotly into his ear...

       "Do you want me to suck your cock first, honey?"

       "Oh, yes!", breathed Bobby, his prick throbbing wildly in her
    hand.  Tina looked down at it.

       "Mmmmmmmmm, you're so nice and big and hard, baby, I don't think
    you need me to suck it at all!"

       "Uhhhhh, please!??! Just a little bit!!....."

       Tina slid down between his legs and feasted her eyes on Bobby's
    huge erection. She took it in both hands and, with her mouth
    directly above the tip, Tina looked up into the boy's excited face,
    her eyes burning with lust.


                              Chapter 96.

       "Okay, Bobby! I'll suck you... but then..."

       The boy shook with desire as Tina's eyes burned into his. Her
    mouth was so close to the head of his prick, Bobby could feel her
    hot breath blowing over his tortured flesh.

       "What?... what are you gonna do then?" panted Bobby, lifting his
    hips.

       "Well, honey... I hope you've got lots of cum in these big round
    balls of yours... 'cause after you've come in my mouth, I'm gonna
    suck you some more till you're good and hard, and ready for some
    hot, wet pussy..."

       Bobby's prick throbbed and jerked wildly in Tina's sweaty hand.
    Her tits were pressed against his lower thighs and she rubbed her
    firey cuntmound against his leg for emphasis as she spoke.

       "Christ.. You're making me hot!... I can't wait to fuck you!"

       Tina smiled wickedly.

       "You won't have to fuck ME, sweetheart... I'll fuck YOU! I'm
    gonna sit on your big, thick cock and ride you like a pony!...
    You'll just have to grab onto my tits and hold on... 'cause I'm
    gonna fuck your delicious young balls dry!... Would you like that,
    baby?"

       "Ooooh, God yes! Jesus!.. Do it!... For christ sakes do it!",
    screamed Bobby.

       "Alright honey!" smiled Tina. "But I want you to play with my
    pussy while I suck you. It's hot and bothered and needs a little
    attention right now."

       "Okay!", panted Bobby. "Slide around a bit so I can reach you
    better."

       Tina shifted her position so that she lay alongside the boy with
    her head over his crotch and her feet near his head. She lay partly
    on her side and opened her creamy thighs, bending her knees and
    spreading them wide so that Bobby had free access to her pink,
    glistening cunt. Tina turned her head towards him, a wicked gleam
    in her eye.

       "Play with my pussy while I suck your cock, honey!... tell me
    what you'd like to do to me... tell me everything!  I want to hear
    all your fantasies Bobby... 'cause tonight, I'm gonna make 'em all
    come true... every one!"

       Bobby groaned loudly as Tina dipped her head and closed her hot
    moist lips over the tip of his cock. She sucked on the large flared
    knob for a few seconds before opening her mouth and sliding her
    tight lips slowly down over the length of his shaft, swallowing the
    boy's hard cock as best she could.

       At first, Tina couldn't get all of him into her mouth, but once she
    relaxed her throat and became accustomed to the size of his prick, she was
    able to deep-throat Bobby's cock all the way to the base of his throbbing
    shaft. Her lips pressed into his fuzzy pubic hair. His balls were hot on her
    chin and her mouth was very, very full. Tina ran her fingers up his thighs,
    caressing the smooth, hard muscles. Then, cupping his naked ass, she began
    to move her mouth eagerly up and down on her young lover's prick.

       Bobby loved every second of it!... he was in seventh heaven!
    Tina's hands squeezing his tight asscheeks and her hot, wet mouth
    wrapped around his cock like a tight cunt, were an unbeatable
    combination! With a grunt, Bobby began to fuck his prick in and out
    of Tina's open, slurping  mouth.

       "Suck it, Baby!", he groaned. "Suck my big, hard cock!... Uuhhh,
    yeahhhh... eat it! Lick it and suck it!"

       Tina moaned loudly as young Bobby's prick pushed down her throat
    with each lunge. She closed her lips tightly around it, her tongue
    pushing the shaft to the roof of her mouth, making it as tight as
    possible for him. Her mouth watered with the hot, musky taste of
    him, reminding her how much she loved to suck cock.. especially
    young cock! Forbidden fruits always tasted better, she thought with
    a smile.

       Bobby's gorgeous young cock reminded her deliciously of her own
    son, Johnny. Tina had sucked many cocks in her lifetime, but young,
    hard teenage cocks felt and tasted better than any of them. Bobby's
    was no different. It tasted fresh and salty, and each time she took
    him fully into her mouth, Tina's nostrils filled with the excitingly
    musky, male odour of his hairy young crotch. The smell made her cunt
    twitch and she began to twist and writhe her ass, bunching it
    tightly, pressing herself against his arm, silently begging him to
    touch her pussy... to feel how hot she was for him.

       Tina was so strongly aroused by now, that the insides of her
    thighs were saturated with her fuck-juices, the blonde pubic hair on
    her cuntmound moist and matted around the deep, glistening slit.
    Bobby quickly got the message and reached down, inserting two
    fingers inside her well-lubricated cunthole.

       "Mmmmmmmmm! Mmmmm! Mmmmmm!", moaned Tina, her mouth too full of
    cock to make any sense at all.

       "You like that, don't you, babe?", Bobby panted. "You like it
    when I finger-fuck your hot cunt, don't you?"

                             Chapter 97.

       Tina only grunted an unintelligible reply... her mouth a blur as
    her head bobbed up and down on the boy's hard, saliva-covered prick.
    Bobby's fingers made distinct slurping sounds as he stabbed them
    deeply into Tina's hotly gaping sex... adding a third finger as he
    felt her cunt loosen up a little.

       "God, you're tighter than I thought!" groaned Bobby, wiggling his
    fingers around in Tina's snugly gripping cunthole.

       "Thank you, sweetheart!", said Tina. "I'll take that as a
    compliment."

       She smiled at him and winked suggestively before returning her
    insatiable mouth to his young prick. Her tight lips closed around
    his cock once more, and using her hands under his ass, Tina urged
    the boy to fuck her mouth. Bobby watched her full, red lips squeeze
    his cock. He pumped his cock into her throat, listening to the soft,
    gurgling sounds the naked woman made as he rammed all four fingers
    into her tightly squirming pussy.

       Tina sucked Bobby's rigid prick for a few more minutes, enjoying
    the feel of his inquisitive young hand in her cunt. But pretty soon,
    her super-heated pussy demanded more! It quivered and twitched
    around the boy's delving fingers, just aching to be filled by the
    thick pole of cockmeat Bobby had crammed into her gulping mouth.

       Suddenly, Tina wrenched her mouth off Bobby's erection and sat
    up. His fingers pulled out of her tight, juicy gash with a wet
    plopping sound. She was hot and horny, and desperate for cock...
    hard young cock! Tina knew only too well that at his age Bobby could
    fuck her all night long and still have a hard-on at dawn. She wanted
    that now... she wanted his lovely young prick filling her pussy,
    stretching her cunt like she knew it would...

       Her eyes were glazed and wild looking as she clambered over him,
    her thighs spread wide.  She was so highly aroused by the prospect
    of fucking the handsome young boy she could hardly think straight.
    Tina quickly straddled his hips, positioning the tip of the boy's
    long, hard prick directly under her drooling snatch. It jutted up a
    good ten inches from his crotch now, an angry red spike, ready to
    split her in half. Tina stared down at it eagerly.

       "I'm gonna fuck you now, baby!", she muttered, grabbing hold of
    the boy's thick, throbbing shaft. "Momma's gonna sit on your big ol'
    cock and fuck you good, honey!"

       "Ohhh! Jesus, yes! Fuck me, Tina!", stammered Bobby, staring up
    at her large, swollen tits. They were hanging close to his mouth as
    she bent forwards, squatting her cunt over his cock. Tina rubbed
    the flared head into the gaping lips of her twat, teasing them both
    with the exquisite contact.

       "God, that feels nice!", gasped Bobby. "Your cunt is so hot and
    wet! Ummmmm! Do it! Sit on my cock!... I can't wait to feel it
    inside you."

       "Me either, lover!", groaned Tina, spreading her thighs even
    wider. "Lift your hips when I bear down, honey. I want you as deep
    up inside me as possible for this fuck, okay?"

       "You bet!", said Bobby, grabbing the cheeks of her tight little
    ass for leverage.

       Tina moaned deep in her throat and grasped his cock at the base,
    holding it upright between her thighs. Then, inserting the fat,
    purple head between the gaping lips of her cunt, she sank down
    slowly on top of him, letting her weight do all the work. Her tight,
    juicy cunt enveloped his cock steadily, an inch at a time. Tina
    didn't stop until she felt Bobby's wiry pubic hair press against her
    flared cuntlips and she knew his prick was in her all the way. Her
    cunt finally felt complete, open and stretched, and very, very
    full... filled to to the brink again with hard, pulsating young
    cock.

       "Oooh yes!... God, that's good, baby!  Your prick is in me, so
    fuckin' deep!", wailed Tina, squirming her cunt down as hard as she
    could.

       Bobby hunched his hips upwards, causing the impaled woman to give
    off a sensuous sigh of satisfaction. She sat on him like that for
    several long seconds, his hard, young prick buried to the balls in
    her cunt. A cock felt so much bigger to her when she fucked this
    way, and for the moment, Bobby's hard young cock felt absolutely
    HUGE! For now, Tina was content to let her pussy adjust to the size
    of it. She leaned down towards him, letting her lush tits brush
    tantalisingly against his hairless chest.

       "How does it feel, baby?", asked Tina, gasping for breath. "How
    does it feel to have your cock stuck up my horny cunt?"

       "Hot!... It feels hot and wet, and fuckin' tight!", moaned Bobby.
    pulling her tits lower so he could suck on her nipples.

       "Just the way you like it... hot and ready to fuck, right,
    lover?"

       "Christ, yesss!... Jesus, I can't stand it any more... Get that
    sweet, juicy cunt moving on my cock and ride me, baby!... Fuck it
    hard as you can!"

       Tina giggled like a teenager and began to bounce up and down on
    the boy's cock, impaling herself deliciously again and again on the
    rock-hard column of his young prick. Tina sat up and clutched her
    tits in both hands, bearing down on the boy's cock with all her
    strength.

       "Watch me Bobby!.. Watch your cock fill my cunt!", she
    screeched. "Watch me fuck you, baby!"

       Bobby stared down between Tina's creamy thighs, his eyes wide at
    the lewd sight of his hard, glistening shaft disappearing time
    after time into her tightly clasping pussy. His hips moved in time
    with hers, pumping his hard meat into her writhing hole as best he
    could. Tina gave out a loud squeal and began to bounce up and down,
    faster and faster, slapping her pussy onto the base of Bobby's
    driving cock, lifting her hips until she almost lost it, only to ram
    down again, grinding her swollen clit hard against the boy's pubic
    mound.

       Tina gasped hotly, fucking on Bobby's prick.

       "Ahhhhhggghh! Uhhhhhh! God, give me your cock, baby! Give me
    every inch of your big, fat, mother-fuckin' prick!!"


                            Chapter 98.

       Her cunt juices flowed like a river, forming a white froth
    around the base of Bobby's cock, coating his young balls with a
    thick, creamy lather. Tina gurgled and sobbed with pleasure,
    clutching at her naked tits. Her back was arched in ecstasy as she
    rode him, fucking the young kid with all the energy she could
    muster.

       "Oooh, baby, this is fantastic!", she whimpered. "God, what a
    cock! So hard... so long! I can feel it pressing way up inside my
    belly! Fuck me, baby!  Fuck me like you fuck your mother!"

       Bobby began to thrust his cock upwards as she hunched down, his
    crotch making loud, wet sounds as it slapped against Tina's hot,
    juicy cunt.

       "I am fucking you, Tina!", he shouted. "I'm fucking you good!...
    Throw that tight, juicy pussy at my cock like that, baby, and I'll
    fuck you all night!"

       She fell forwards supporting her body on straightened arms
    either side of her lover's head, squirming her ass about, grinding
    her cunt down into his crotch every time he lunged up.

       "Suck my tits, Bobby!", panted Tina. "Suck my tits while I fuck
    you, baby!"

       The boy did as he was told, licking her hanging breasts and
    sucking her stiff nipples into his hot mouth. Tina's eyes were
    closed as she fucked faster and faster, her cunt on fire... burning
    with wild indescribable lust for this young boy between her legs.
    God what a stud!... He knew how to fuck her better than any male
    alive! Frantically, she brought a hand to her pussy, rubbing and
    agitating her swollen clit as she stuffed her cunt with his cock...
    over and over. Her naked ass whipping about, sliding back and
    forth... up and down.

       Bobby held Tina's hot thighs with both hands, his thumbs gripping
    near her cunt... his eyes were wide as he watched the woman's hairy
    fuckhole devour his prick. He could only moan and gasp as Tina's
    cunt rammed up and down the length of his impaled shaft, pounding so
    hard she was making the couch bounce. Her cunt was so tight and so
    hot Bobby couldn't hold back the creamy tide rising in his young
    balls much longer. Tina felt it too and reached back behind her
    whipping ass, clutching his swollen balls, squeezing them, pulling
    them.

       "Bobby! Ohhhh, baby, your balls are so hard!", she gasped. "Give
    me your jizz, honey!... Squirt your hot cream up my cunt!... Come in
    my pussy... I want it in my cunt, baby!"

       "Are you gonna come?"

       "God, yes!... Any second... come with me, Bobby!"

       Tina sat upright again, her ass bounced faster and faster. She
    was stabbing herself down on his cock in a frenzy, grinding her cunt
    against him and squealing loudly in total abandon. Her hands flew
    once more to her jiggling breasts and she squeezed the hard, digging
    her fingers into the the firm flesh, her nipples protruding between
    her knuckles. She stiffened and screamed at the top of her voice as
    her orgasm peaked.

       "Ahhhhhhhh! Fuck me! Ooooooh Bobby, fuck me! I'm cumming, baby!"

       "Me too!... Uhhhggghh! God, I can feel it!... Jesus, you sexy
    fuckin' bitch!... Come!... Come for me, Tina!... Fuck! I'm cumming
    tooooo!"

       As she came, Tina's pulsing twat gripped him in flexing waves,
    squeezing and sucking her young lover's prick as wave after glorious
    wave of contractions gripped her jerking cunt.

       She screamed loudly, her head twisting and her long, blonde hair
    flying wildly. Bobby's hands slid down over Tina's hips to grab her
    churning ass, and with a grunt he came, spewing his thick creamy
    load deep into Tina's cock-filled cunt. As his head and shoulders
    came off the bed, Tina stuffed one of her tits into his mouth. Bobby
    began to suck frantically on her large, pink nipple, his fingers
    digging into the hot crack of her ass. His cock squirted time and
    time again until Tina thought he was never going to stop, flooding
    her pussy. She cried and gasped, her orgasms coming stronger and
    stronger, her cunt almost squeezing his cock off at the base.

       "Suck my tit, lover!", she squealed. "Suck my fuckin' tit and
    come in my fuckin' cunt!"

       Bobby sucked her tits one at a time as he emptied his balls into
    her sweet fuckin' cunt, and, as the final spurt of cum splattered
    her hungry womb, Tina fell forward, crushing her young lover beneath
    her shaking body, the spasms of her quivering cunt still working at
    his softening cock.

       After a minute or so, Bobby rolled Tina's almost dead weight off
    his body. Her final climax had been so powerful she had fainted from
    sheer pleasure, and now lay beside him, radiating flushed beauty as
    only a freshly fucked woman could.

       Bobby looked at her cunt. It was open, and leaking a sticky
    mixture of sperm and cunt juice. The boy lowered his face to her
    gaping cuntslit and tested the liquid with his tongue. It tasted
    good.. just like a cunt always did, except maybe a bit saltier. That
    was probably because of his jism, he thought.

       Bobby found the taste exciting, and licked his lips as he stared
    at Tina's naked body, spread out so lewdly before him. Her tits
    were firm and swollen, rising and falling as she breathed, the rosy
    nipples stiff and erect with latent passion. But it was her open
    slit that attracted his full attention, the pink lips gaped sweetly,
    and the dark, glistening hole continued to ooze that wonderful
    elixir he had tasted only moments before.

       Bobby rolled the unconscious woman onto her back and spread her
    legs, pushing them back and bending them at the knees until her
    swollen cunt lay before him, exposed to his hungry gaze like a
    juicy, rare steak on a platter. He lowered his lips and kissed her
    gooey mound, licking the juice from her cunthair before dipping his
    tongue into her liquid cunt.

       Tina began to "come around" at the touch of the boy's mouth on
    her pussy. At first she was still a little dazed, but when she
    realized what he was doing, she smiled and pressed against the back
    of his head, pushing his mouth deeper into the bubbling swamp of her
    cunt.

       "Mmmmmm, that's nice, baby!... Suck out momma's cunt!", she
    moaned dreamily.

       When Bobby realized that Tina was fully conscious, he turned
    around and straddled her head, lowering his cock into her mouth
    before she could say another word, returning his mouth to her cunt as
    if nothing had happened.

    -

                              Chapter 99.

       Tina reached up and grabbed Bobby's firm young asscheeks with both
    hands as she sucked him. She loved the taste of young cock, and
    Bobby's was one of the very best she'd ever tasted. It was fresh and
    salty, completely different to the tangy, masculine taste of her
    husband's familiar cock. It made her pussy cream, and she opened her
    mouth wider, wrapping her lips tightly around the head of Bobby's
    huge prick. She began to move her warm, wet tongue up and down the
    throbbing shaft as it slid slowly between her lips, sucking all of
    him into her mouth, until her throat was filled with thick, throbbing
    cock-meat.

        A muffled moan escaped her lips each time Bobby's eager tongue
    contacted her clit. He dragged it slowly across her swollen
    cunt-lips, up one side of her cunt, and down the other, savouring the
    heady flavour of Tina's mature pussy.  He sucked her greedily,
    flicking his tongue around in her hot, juice-filled gash like a man
    possessed. The room became filled with loud, wet slurping sounds as
    Tina returned the favour and sucked noisily on the teenager's glistening
    cock.

       Bobby ran his tongue repeatedly back and forth between Tina's
    parted cunt-lips, getting the woman so excited she began to hunch her
    gaping sex up against Bobby's mouth, wiggling her juicy, wet cuntslit
    all over his face. His hands cupped her slim buttocks, pulling Tina's
    cunt hard against his open mouth as he thrust his rapidly-working
    tongue deep inside her weeping slit. He heard her gasp and felt her
    mouth increase it's wonderful suction on his jerking cock. Tina's
    cunt contracted, opening and closing around his tongue as he used it
    expertly, ramming it like a small, stiff prick, deep within her hot,
    squirming fuck-hole.

       Bobby moved his hands lower, pulling her cunt apart like a ripe
    peach, licking and sucking her juicy, pink cunt-flesh until she
    thought she would actually explode with pleasure. Finally, his tongue
    found her hard, quivering clit. The tiny bud was stiff as a little
    cock, and throbbed and pulsed between his lips as he sucked it gently
    in and out of his mouth, just like Tina's full, red lips were doing
    to his cock. Bobby could feel every ridge and valley of her mouth as
    his cock slid ever deeper between the woman's lips.

       Tina's pussy flowered open even wider as Bobby sucked her
    hungrily. Her juices ran freely, flowing out of her cunt to cover not
    only his tongue, but his mouth and chin as well. Bobby felt her thigh
    muscles contract against his cheeks just like his mother's always did
    when she was about to come. She was close! He could feel it, her soft
    thighs clenched around his head. Her muscles stood out all along her
    body, and she pulled savagely on his cock, threatening to suck his
    aching balls right out through the head of his prick.

       Then suddenly, Tina stiffened and cried out as an abrupt and
    soul-searing climax flooded her writhing body with sensations of
    pleasure so strong, she almost fainted again with the sheer
    intensity of her orgasm.

       "Ohhh! Unnnngghhhmmm, yesss! Oh, Bobby! I'm cummminggg! Arghhhh!
    Suck me hard! Suck my clit, Bobby! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ooooooooh, Goddddd!"

       Bobby moaned and buried his nose and lips in Tina's wet, quivering
    snatch, sucking hungrily on her clit as he stabbed his stiff tongue
    deep into her spasming cunt-hole. Tina was squealing like crazy as
    she strained her cuntmound up against the boy's slurping mouth.

       As the waves of lust racing through her loins gradually subsided,
    Tina was able to concentrate once again on Bobby's temporarily
    neglected cock, swallowing his huge throbbing organ to the very base.
    Her tightly stretched lips worked vigourously up and down the slick
    pole, covering every inch of it's hard length with her warm, slippery
    saliva. Bobby had made her come like she'd never come before, and
    Tina was determined to return the favour by making him squirt in her
    lovely mouth. Her lips were unbelievably tight around his prick, and
    Bobby couldn't fight the urge to jerk his hips up and down, fucking
    his cock deep into her juicy warm mouth.

       Tina was an expert cock-sucker, and she knew exactly how to use
    her mouth on the male organ for maximum pleasure. On the up-stroke,
    she sucked for a while on his fat, purple knob, sticking the tip of
    her tongue into the tiny slit in the head of his cock. Before too
    long, Bobby felt his balls begin to expand urgently.

      "Ohh, Tina! Christ! Here it comes! Suck it hard, baby! I'm gonna
    fill your gorgeous mouth full of cum! Arghhhhhh! Unnnnngggghhh!"

       Tina sucked greedily as Bobby's hot, jism began to spurt from the
    jerking tip of his cock. The thick, salty fluid filled her mouth and
    Tina had to swallow frantically to prevent herself choking on the
    sticky torrent.

       "Uuuuhhggghhh! God! Fuckin' Christ! Ahhhhhgggh, suck it, you hot
    sucking bitch! Take it, baby! Eat it all!"

       Hot, creamy cum was oozing from the corners of her mouth by the
    time Bobby's ejaculation began to subside. Tina pulled her lips from
    his cock for a second and licked her lips, then continued sucking
    gently on his cock, until it began to swell in her mouth again.

       `God, how I love young cock!', thought Tina, trying to smile
    around the gagging thickness of Bobby's rapidly-rejuvenating organ.



                              Chapter 100.

       Meanwhile, in the spa room, Debbie and Julie were giving young
    Johnny a fuck to remember. The boy was on his back beside the tub with
    his sister's little blonde pussy plastered over his face while Debbie
    Conroy faced her, bouncing her cunt up and down on Johnny's rigid cock.

       "Mmmm, that's so fucking good!" Julie breathed as her pussy
    responded to her brother's tongue with glowing, trembling warmth.
    "Ohhh, yeahhh Johnny! Suck me, baby! Suck me and fuck Debbie! Uuuhhhh,
    this is so dirty!"

       "Ohh, God yesss, shove it up there Johnny!" Debbie moaned in reply,
    spreading her thighs a little wider to allow her cunt to slide further
    down over the long, stiff prong joining her loins to his. "His cock
    feels like it's as big as my arm! Ohhh, Johnny, your big hard prick's
    making me want to cum already!"

       Julie leaned forward and began to suck on the older woman's
    nipples as they bobbed enticingly in front of her. It was such a
    thrill to have her big brother suck her pussy while he was fucking
    Debbie. As she squeezed and sucked Debbie's tits, Julie suddenly
    imagined herself and her mother doing this to her father. Her little
    blonde pussy creamed into her brother's mouth at the very thought.

       "Unngghhh! Ahhhhh!" Debbie cried out, twisting about with wanton
    abandon as she hunched her hips up and down, fucking herself deeply
    on Johnny's tightly-gripped prick. "Omigod, Johnny, shove it in! Fuck
    it to me harder, you gorgeous kid! Ummmmmmm! Yeahhhh! That's really
    going in deep now!

       "Suck it! Eat my cream, Johnny!" Julie groaned as she forced her
    young pussy down against the youth's mouth with as much ferocity as
    she had ever displayed. "Mmmm, get your tongue up my cunt and lap the
    cum out, big brother! Oooooh! I feel like I could cum forever!"

       Literally enveloped by two furiously excited pussies, Johnny
    surrendered to his sensual desires and let his body dictate its own
    course. Holding onto the cheeks of Julie's cute young ass, he
    lifted his hips off the floor and thrust his cock up into Debbie's
    pounding cunt at the same time probing and wiggling his tongue deep
    up inside his sister's tight, pink little slit.

       Although he had never tried this kind of threesome before, Johnny
    managed to satisfy the desires of both females with surprising
    agility. His tongue and prick worked independently of each other and
    coordinated their movements with those of the woman enjoying each
    organ. The taste and scent of Julie's hot pussy, together with the
    hot, wet grip of Debbie's eager cunt stimulated his senses to such a
    degree that soon a of climactic wave of passion was building in his
    young body like a storm. Humping violently, he fucked himself up into
    Debbie's bouncing cunt, at the same time driving his tongue stiffly
    into Julie's squirming blonde fuckhole.

       All three were moaning loudly as Debbie felt Johnny orgasm inside
    her quivering cunt. With a groan of lust, she pulled Julie's mouth to
    hers and kissed the young girl passionately, grinding out her own
    orgasm on the youth's spurting, jerking prick. Julie came too,
    thrusting her own tongue into Debbie's hot mouth as her young pussy
    creamed into her brother's.

       Johnny's prick continued jerking and pulsating wildly long after
    it had jetted the last droplet of sperm into Debbie's rippling hole.
    Debbie whimpered, enjoying each throbbing convulsion with total
    ecstasy. Muttering obscene oaths of joy, she worked her cunt back and
    forth, grinding it from side to side and sliding her twat sensuously
    up and down the length of the boy's slick pole until she could no
    longer move.

       Julie, meanwhile, had been undergoing much the same experience
    but in a subtly different way, one much more appropriate to the
    stimulation she was receiving from Johnny's tongue. Her sexual
    feeling had become centered primarily in her clitoris and at the
    height of her climax she moved slightly so as to bring that
    throbbing nub of sensitivity more directly against his relentless
    tongue.

       Instinctively, Johnny managed to comprehend her desire and gave
    his little sister exactly what she wanted, a long series of tongue
    caresses directly upon the very centre of her sexuality. He worked
    his tongue back and forth over her swollen clitoris until she could
    no longer stand it.

       "Oooohhh, God, Johnny. I love it when you do that that!," she
    whimpered, arching her back and grinding her pussy down hard
    onto his face.

       Debbie bent forward, her tight cuntal grip still holding Johnny's
    young cock deep inside her, and kissed Julie hotly, squeezing and
    fondling the young girl's pert little tits as they squirmed slowly on
    top of Johnny, enjoying the rosy afterglow of the simultaneous
    orgasms he had given them.

       Even Johnny's youthful virility was beginning to wane after the
    long series of climaxes he had enjoyed and his prick quickly wilted
    into a long, limp tube that gradually eased its way out of Debbie's
    cunt. Exhausted and breathless, he lay back and closed his eyes.

       "Well.. it looks to me as though we might have fucked the poor boy
    out, Julie!", smiled Debbie, running her fingers teasingly over Johnny's
    limp cock.

       "Yeah! But I'll bet there aren't many guys his age who are getting
    as much pussy as he is... right Johnny?", Julie giggled.

       "Or getting such hot, snappin' pussy," he replied, turning to look
    at his little sister. "Man. I still can't believe that all this is
    happening to me! If it's a dream, I sure hope I never wake up!"

       "It's no dream!", replied Julie, watching his cock begin to swell
    again under Debbie's expert fingers. "And from now on, big brother,
    you'd better make sure that you keep yourself in tiptop condition.
    I've got a feeling you're gonna need all the stamina you can muster."

       "Speaking of stamina," said Debbie grinning broadly, "Why don't we
    go see what the others are doing."

       "Yeah!", agreed Johnny. "I think I'm gonna need a little rest just
    to recover from you two."

       "Mmmmmm! Not TOO long a rest I hope, stud!", Debbie replied giving
    Johnny's semi-hard young cock an affectionate squeeze.

       Arms around each other, the naked threesome left the spa and headed
    for the house.



                              Chapter 101.

       As they passed the pool, they noticed that it was empty. Dave and
    Kelly had decided on the comfort of the house too it seemed. They found
    the others making out in the living room.

       "Well, it's about time you three decided to join the party!",
    laughed, Tina openly ogling her son's semi-hard prick.

       Although she had Bobby's cock still buried deep in her cunt, Tina
    lusted after her handsome young son something fierce. Just knowing that
    the handsome, muscular youth had obviously just fucked BOTH Julie and
    Debbie in the spa made her pussy literally twitch with wanton lust. She
    pulled her cunt off Bobby's slack prick and got up, taking Johnny by
    the hand.

       "Come on, baby," Tina husked, pulling her naked son towards an
    unoccupied corner of the room, "Mommy's got an itch I want you to
    scratch!"

       Debbie sat down beside Dave and Kelly who were kissing hotly on the
    sofa, and curled her fingers around his rock-hard cock.

       "Hi, handsome!", she whispered into his ear. Dave pulled his lips
    from Kelly's and turned to her mother.

       "Hi, yourself!" he grinned, sliding his left hand down between
    Debbie's open thighs. He inserted a finger into the woman's gaping
    fuckhole and rubbed her clit. His right hand had been busily playing
    with Kelly's overheated young pussy, now he was finger-fucking both
    mother and daughter at the same time. Debbie moaned and crushed her
    soft, pliant lips over Dave's. As they kissed passionately, Kelly bent
    her head between Dave's legs and took his erection into her mouth,
    sucking voraciously.

       Julie knelt and did the same to Bobby, excited by the taste of her
    mother's cunt on the boy's glistening, pink cock. She enjoyed the taste
    so much, Julie vowed to sample her mother's juices direct from the
    source before the night was out.

       "Ohhhh, God!" Debbie whimpered when she finally pulled her hot
    sucking mouth from Dave's lips. "I need you to fuck me, baby! Right
    now!!"

       Sensing her mother's urgency, Kelly lifted her mouth from Dave's
    throbbing cock and grinned impishly.

       "Suck my cunt, Mom!" she gasped. "Eat me while Dave fucks you, then
    I'll suck his cum out of your cunt, while he fucks me!"

       Thoroughly aroused at the thought of being screwed by her
    neighbour's magnificent prick, while tongue-fucking her horny daughter,
    Debbie rolled onto her back and lewdly parted her shapely thighs.

       "Oooh, Kel, honey! Come sit on momma's face, baby!" she panted.

       As Kelly lowered her dripping pussy down over her mother's mouth,
    Dave crawled up between Debbie's legs and positioned his bloated cock
    between the wide-spread lips of her cunt. Debbie grasped the thick base
    of his huge boner and eased his swollen cockhead between her slippery
    cuntlips. Dave thrust forward and Debbie whimpered softly as she felt
    the thick shaft sinking deeper and deeper into the hot tightness of her
    juicy twat. It felt enormous in her, but the lust-crazed woman was
    enjoying every moment as Dave's huge prick slowly filled her cunt.

       "Oooooooooh, yes," she whispered when the big man's cock was
    completely buried in hot little fuckhole. "Now just fuck the shit out
    of me."

       Starting slowly at first, Dave was soon drilling into Debbie's
    lurching crotch with all his strength. He watched her stiff tongue as
    it flicked sensuously between Kelly's drooling cuntlips. The sight of
    Debbie sucking her daughter's cunt was extremely exciting. So was the
    hot slippery flesh of her snugly clasping cunt squeezing and sucking
    deliciously the length of his thickly-veined cockshaft as he fucked her
    powerfully.

       He couldn't believe how tight she was and the way she was fucking
    back at him like a wild primitive animal. The wet sloshing noises of
    their torrid fuck echoed through the room.



                              Chapter 102.

       Having resurrected Bobby's flaccid cock to epic proportions with her
    mouth, young Julie was now astride the teenager's huge boner riding him
    like a horse.

       "Harder! Fuck me harder!" she squealed. "Uuuuhhhh! God, how I love
    that big prick!"

       Her sweet bare ass was quivering deliciously as her hot, clasping
    cunt climbed hungrily up and down the length of Bobby's thick plunging
    cock. The horny little blonde couldn't remember when she'd ever felt
    such exquisite ecstasy as she was feeling now.

       "Ooooooooooh, FUCK!" she squealed, feeling her cunt starting to
    spasm around Bobby's plunging prick. "I'm coming! I'M COMING!
    OOOOOOOOOOOH! COMING... COMING!"


       "Jesus," giggled Johnny, who was kneeling behind his mother shoving
    his long, stiff prick into her thick-lipped pussy. "Julie is sure
    getting a wild fuck over there."

       "Ummm! Uhhh! It sure sounds like it, honey." grunted Tina, pushing
    her ass back to meet her son's solid cock-thrusts. "But you... uhhhh
    fuck!... you j...just concentrate on f..ffucking ME now, baby! Plenty
    of time to screw your little sister later!... uhhh.. UHHHHH! GODDD!
    YESSSSSSS! FUCK ME!

       Johnny rammed his cock into his mother's cunt as hard as he could,
    probing around the tight little ring of her shitter with his thumb.

      "Stick your finger up mommy's ass, honey. You know how that drives me
    crazy!", panted Tina, reaching round to spread her asscheeks for him.

       Johnny rubbed the tip of his thumb into her slit to get it all juicy
    and slippery, then slipped it up into his mother's hot, puckered
    asshole.

       "Ooooooooooh, yes!" Tina squealed. "Shove it in further."

       With his cock thrusting wildly in her cunt, Johnny plunged the
    entire length of his thumb into her ass, and soon had his mother
    squealing with joy as he twisted and screwed it around deep in her
    tight, buttery little rectum.

       "Ohhhh, Johnny," she excitedly asked. "That feels so wonderful! Do
    you know what I want you to do to me now!

       "What?"

       "I want you to fuck my ass!" she gasped, staring sexily over her
    shoulder at her handsome young son. "Fuck mommy's ass with that big fat
    cock now, baby!"

       "Alright!!!", grinned Johnny, pulling his cock from his mother's
    cunt with an audible slurp.

       He reached under her belly and ran his fingers through her dripping
    cuntslit, lathering her tight little shitter and his own cockhead with
    his mother's slippery pussy juices.

       "This will probably hurt, Mom" he said, easing the tip of his prick
    up against her tight little asshole.

       "I don't care," she answered. "Just shove it in."

       Firmly grasping her slim hips, Johnny pushed his lubricated cock
    forward, and felt the flared knob suddenly surge past his mother's
    ultra-tight sphincter muscles and bury itself deep up inside her firey
    bowels.

       Remaining completely still for several moments while his mom's
    asshole became more accustomed to the sudden thick intrusion, Johnny
    finally pulled his cock slowly back through the slick, clinging
    tightness of her rectum until only his big knob remained embedded. Then
    plunging forward, he felt the tingling ecstasy streaking up the length
    of his tool as he drilled deep into her bowels again.

       "Does that hurt, Mom?" he panted, driving his cock harder and deeper
    into Tina's tight little butthole.

       "Shit, yes!" squealed Tina. "But don't you dare stop! I love it!"

       Pumping rhythmically into the buttery softness of his mom's clinging
    rectum, the intense pleasure soon began to mount in Johnny's young
    loins. With the hot slickness of her tight, maternal shitter massaging
    his prick, Johnny lustily drove his hard boner in and out of Tina's
    tight ass, feeling the soft sucking flesh of her rectum clinging
    moistly to his thrusting prick. The intense pleasure that was coursing
    up and down Johnny's shaft seemed to intensify with every plunge into
    the soft tightness of his mother's hot ass.


                              Chapter 103.

       Tina was approaching climax herself. The angle of entry of Johnny's
    cock into her asshole, and the wonderful thickness of her son's manly
    organ meant that her clit was getting an exquisite massage. Soon, wave
    after wave of wild incestuous pleasure was flooding through her body.
    Tina could feel the unbelievable ecstasy building in her loins as her
    virile young son fucked deeper and harder into her tight, clinging
    bung-hole.

       "Jesus," panted Johnny, his cock drilling deep up into his mother's
    belly. "You sure are tight today, Mom!"

      "I know, lover" she giggled. "But you're stretching it nicely!"

      Tina began excitedly grinding her deliciously-filled asshole back
    around her boy's lunging rod, the wild, incestuous pleasure mounting in
    her lust-filled body. Every time she slammed her wiggly ass back around
    her son's thrusting prick, the glorious joy seemed to intensify.

       "Oooooooooh, Johnny, baby!" she panted, frantically rotated her ass
    around the boy's plunging tool. "God, that feels so big and hard and...
    uuuuhhhhhhhhh! Fuck I'm gonna cum!.. I'M GONNA CUM! FUCK ME! FUCK ME
    HARD!"

       Reaching around her body, Johnny grasped his mother's firm, round
    tits and began fucking into her even harder.

       "OHHH, GOD! OOHHHH, FUCK! UHHNNNNGGGHHH! FUCK MEEEEEE!" squealed
    Tina, writhing her ass around wantonly.

       Releasing one of her tits, the boy moved his hand down between his
    mother's legs and began rubbing her quivering little clitty with his
    fingertips as she came.

       With her depraved squeals urging him on, and crazed with the intense
    ecstasy he was feeling, Johnny was now brutally pounding into her soft
    wiggly ass with long, solid strokes that made his mother's slim
    athletic body rock and shudder with the incredible power of their fuck.

       Within seconds of Tina's powerful orgasm, the muscles of her
    tightly-clasping rectum had Johnny over the edge too and he climaxed
    into her asshole with a loud high-pitched cry.

       "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGHHHHH! FUCK! I'M CUMMING UP YOUR ASSHOLE, MOM!"

       Suddenly feeling Johnny's hot jizz spurting deep into her squirming
    asshole, Tina ground her butt back even harder around his exploding
    cock. The horny mom loved the feeling of delicious heat that filled her
    tight, cock-filled rectum as her son's sperm gushed up her tingling
    shitter.

       "Ohhhh, Johnny!" she gasped. "Just keep squirtin', honey. Fill
    momma's asshole with your cream baby!"

       Johnny was trembling with pleasure as he continued emptying his
    sperm-bloated balls into Tina's ass. When the last thick drop had
    dribbled from the head of his cock, the boy reluctantly pulled out of
    his mother's jizz-filled asshole.

       The room was still filled with the sounds of fucking. Julie was
    taking Bobby's cock doggy style and Dave was doing the same to Kelly as
    she ate out her mother's cum-filled pussy.

       The festivities lasted until the early hours of the morning, in
    every position and every possible combination. In fact the two naked
    families never left the Simpson house until late the following evening.
    They sucked and fucked in pairs, in threesomes, foursomes, and in every
    conceivable position that their lust-crazed minds could imagine.

       When one of them would temporarily collapse from exhaustion, there
    was always someone to take their place. They felt liberated and were
    all very much aware that their lives had been changed forever. They
    could enjoy each other's bodies totally, indulging themselves in hours
    of family fun without the slightest shame or guilt or jealousy.

                                  The End.



Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....