(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: FAM_FANT.TXT
Title: Family Fantasies
Author: Eros



                           FAMILY FANTASIES
                              (by Eros!)

    I really enjoy subscribing to AdultLinks on my local BBS. I get a big
 charge out of reading those hot stories regarding... dare I even say
 it... incest!  However, as much as these stories turned me on, (and they
 usually did!), I really found it difficult to believe that there were
 actually guys out there making it with women in their own family. I mean,
 this kind of stuff is only fantasy, right!? It's not real. Most of the
 scenarios sound pretty far out....

    Like for instance, the story about the woman whose son climbed into
 bed with her after her husband moved out. And ever since that night,
 (which they both enjoyed immensely), he's been sleeping with his
 gorgeous, sexy mom and fucking the shit out of her regularly.

    Yeah... sure!!

    Then there was the story about the guy who claimed that every night,
 after his parents fell asleep, he tiptoed into his little sister's
 bedroom and they spent most of the night happily screwing. And then, to
 top it all off, when their parents finally caught them at it, Mom and Dad
 actually joined in!!

    Mmmm, hmm, sure! Happens every day, right?!... Not to me it doesn't!!

    Well, maybe those guys had more going for them than I did. When my
 very attractive mother and I were alone in the house one day, I somehow
 got up the courage to haul out my cock and show it to her. I figured Mom
 would come over all gooey between the legs at the sight of my virile
 young erection, take hold of it, play with it some, then lead me down the
 hall to her bedroom where she'd rip off her clothes and beg me to fuck
 her horny frustrated cunt till I couldn't get it up anymore!

    She didn't.... What she *did* do was slap me around the head quite a
 bit and tell me I must be nuts!!!

    After I got over that rejection, I figured I'd have better luck with
 my sexy little sister. But when I waved my erection her way and told her
 I wanted to fuck her with it, she almost died laughing. What was worse,
 the little slut told my mom and Mom in turn told my old man about both
 incidents. I was sunk! Dad told me it would be better if a horny,
 good-for-nothing stud like me had a room and a job in another town. Then
 he told me to start packing.

    But my luck was changing. When my Aunt Linda heard that Dad has thrown
 me out and I had taken a part-time job in the town where she lived, she
 invited me to move in with her. Aunt Linda had just recently been
 divorced and she said she didn't like being alone in the house at night.
 So, having nowhere else to go, I moved in. Besides, Aunt Linda was just
 as cute as my Mom, and my teenage hormones were still on the boil!

    One evening I had to take a piss urgently so I hurried upstairs to the
 bathroom. Aunt Linda was taking a shower, but I was in desperate need. I
 quietly opened the door and tiptoed in hoping to finish and be out of
 there before she even realized I was in the room.

    After I'd quietly relieved myself and was shaking the last tenacious
 drops from my cock, I realized Aunt Linda had slid the shower door open a
 few inches and was staring at me. Jesus, I was in for it now! After what
 had happened at home with Mom and Sis, I thought all hell was going to
 break loose! I started to apologize for bursting in on her like I did,
 but Aunt Linda just smiled and said: "Care to join me, David? I'd like
 you to wash my back."

    My jaw must have made one hell of a slap as it hit the floor, though I
 hardly heard anything for the thumping of my own heart. Suddenly those
 stories in AdultLinks didn't seem so far-fetched after all! I undressed
 as fast as I could, before she remembered she was my aunt. Shit, I wasn't
 about to pass up an opportunity like this for anything!!

    If I thought my mother was attractive and had a great body on her,
 Aunt Linda was even more appealing. In fact, being sisters, they looked
 very much alike. The main difference, as far as I was concerned, was that
 my mom wouldn't let me go into the shower with her.

    But Aunt Linda was eager for it. As soon as I got in we stared at each
 other's nakedness, I knew that what was on her mind was the same thing
 that was on mine. Her arms went around my neck and she pressed her lovely
 mouth onto mine and kissed me the way I wanted to be kissed. My arms went
 around her. My hands took hold of her by the cheeks of her glorious round
 ass, while my prick, now fully erect, rubbed against her wet, naked
 pussy. Aunt Linda moaned into my mouth and reached down between us,
 taking hold of my cock.

    "Mmmmmmmm! Your mother was right, you are a horny little devil, aren't
 you, David?" she murmured. Then, as she stroked her fist up and down my
 hot, throbbing erection, her tone changed to one of disbelief. "Oh,
 my..... I take that back! Jesus, you're not little at all!"

    "Mom told you about what I did?", I gasped, running my hands over Aunt
 Linda's firm, soapy tits.

    "Sure, your mother and have always confided in each other. She tells
 me everything, even personal things like her horny son putting the make
 on her," she smiled, giving my erection a few teasing pulls. "When she
 told me about what you did the other day, I realized that your problem
 and mine are one and the same."

    "Ummm... your problem, Aunt Linda?" I asked.

    "I need a good hard fuck, David!", panted Aunt Linda.

    "Me too!" I gasped.

    "Then what are we waiting for, baby?"

    Aunt Linda backed up against the wall of the shower stall, pulling me
 with her. She stood on her tiptoes with her legs apart. The next thing I
 knew, her hand lodged the head of my prick between her warm, moist
 cuntlips. I pushed and it went in. She made lewd and obscene movements
 with her hips and ass while I fed her my cock until it was in her as far
 as it would go.

    "Unnngghhh! God, that feels good!", groaned Aunt Linda as I moved my
 ass around, grinding my cock into her hot, slippery cunt. "Your mother
 doesn't know what she's missing out on!"

    "Maybe you can persuade her," I suggested.

    "Unnnnhh! Jesus! Maybe....", gasped Aunt Linda. "Ohhhh! Then again,
 maybe I won't... Ummmmmmm, it's been too long since I've had a cock this
 big all to myself, baby. Let your mother find her own!"

    We didn't talk much after that. We were much too busy enjoying what
 was happening, which was plenty. It was the first time I'd fucked a woman
 standing up. Face to face, that is. I'd tried it with the woman next
 door, but she was too tall and my prick couldn't reach her cunt. I
 managed to fuck her though, after she turned around, bent over and stood
 with her legs apart. My prick had no trouble reaching her pussy then. It
 was sticking right out between her legs at a perfect angle, so I just
 stepped up, shoved it in, and fucked her from the rear. She loved it.

    But that screwing was nothing compared to what I was getting now. Aunt
 Linda went all out, like she wanted to convince me she was the hottest
 piece of ass I'd ever fucked. Her cunt muscles did things to my deeply
 buried pick that drove me wild. The way she moved her hips and ass while
 she covered my face with loving kisses, made me even wilder.

    The tightness of her hot, clasping cuntflesh and the sensuousness of
 our wet bodies rubbing together had me so excited that I knew I couldn't
 last for long. And soon enough, a few minutes later I felt that
 all-too-familiar sensation in my groin that told me nothing was going to
 keep me from shooting off in her tightly-clasping pussy. Luckily, at the
 same time I felt Aunt Linda being swept into her own orgasm, and as I
 hunched and ground my spurting cock deep up inside her, she lifted her
 legs and wrapped them around my waist trying to get my cock deeper into
 her wildly spasming cunt.

    I held her ass and fucked Aunt Linda up against the shower wall until
 her body stopped twitching and my cock slid limply out of her cum-filled
 cunthole. Her legs dropped back onto the tiled floor but I kept my hands
 on her gorgeous ass, holding her close as we both came down from our
 mutual orgasms.

    "Oouuhhh, God, thank you Davey! I haven't been fucked like that in
 ages!" panted Aunt Linda, giving my wilted cock a loving squeeze.

    Despite having just emptied my balls in my horny aunt's pussy, my
 prick quickly sprang back to attention under her rubbing fingers. I
 reached down and slid a couple of fingers into her drenched cuntslit,
 rubbing her clit gently with my palm.

    "Wanna go for seconds, Aunt Linda?"

    "Mmmmmm! Oh, yeahhhh!" she moaned, grinding her cunt against my hand.
 "You've got me so hot, I could go all night, baby. But how 'bout we get
 out of here and go to my bed and do it in comfort!"

    "Okay!" I grinned enthusiastically.

    We got out and dried each other off spending a lot of time with out
 hands between each other's legs. When I finished patting her breasts with
 a thick fluffy towel, I leaned over and licked them all over before
 taking her pert little nipples into my mouth, one at a time.

    "Ohhhh, yeahhhh! That's it, Davey. Suck on my nipples darling", she
 invited.

    While I kissed, licked and sucked on Aunt Linda's gorgeous big tits,
 my hand was busy between her thighs, caressing and fingering her hot,
 hairy cunt. That went on for a while until we were both moaning and
 whimpering with pleasure. She couldn't hold out any longer and neither
 could I. My prick couldn't wait to get back inside that tight, clinging
 pussy of hers again.

    Aunt Linda put down the lid of the toilet and told me to sit on it.
 When I did, she straddled my legs facing me, her lovely breasts brushing
 against my face. She took one in each hand and offered them to me to suck
 on again and I did, biting gently on her big erect nipples. Then, Aunt
 Linda reached down and grabbed my rock-hard prick, holding it steady
 while she lowered her cunt down onto it.

    We both moaned loudly as my cock slid up inside her slippery pussy.
 parting her hairy cuntlips like a hot knife through butter. She seemed a
 little looser and wetter this time, but still tighter than some of the
 dizzy cheerleader sluts I'd been fucking at school. Aunt Linda might be
 older than them, but she sure as hell made up for it with enthusiasm.

    She rode up and down on my cock like I was her pony and she was making
 me jump fences. We were both ecstatic. After months of going without, she
 finally had a bone-hard prick up her cunt and she was making the most of
 it. As for me, I was still in an incredulous daze, fucking up at Aunt
 Linda's juicy, bouncing cunt like I might not get another shot at it. (If
 Mom or Dad ever found out, I probably wouldn't!!)

    Again we climaxed at the same time, and it was ecstasy. I couldn't
 believe it! I had fucked my sexy Aunt Linda twice, and we weren't even in
 her bedroom yet!....

    But we did make it to her bedroom and I've been fucking and sucking
 her every night since... just like in the stories. Who need's fantasies
 when you can have the real thing! :) ;)

                                The End.

--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....