			  -- Family Stud --


       It was one of the worst snowstorms ever to hit Augusta, Maine.
  The snow was up to the window sills and all the roads were closed so
  I could not possibly make it to my classes at high school.

      When Dad divorced Mom, he received the family residence, and Mom
 took two small rental houses.  She rented one out, while she and I
 lived in the other.  Our house had all electric heat and no facility
 for burning wood.  With the electric power off because of the
 snowstorm, the house temperature went down to fifteen degrees.  My
 teeth were chattering so loudly that they sounded like a machine gun.

       Mom pulled the electric blanket off of her bed and dug a feather
 bedcover out of the closet.  After she put it on her bed, she
 suggested that I crawl in the bed with her as I probably would be too
 cold alone in my own bed.  Inasmuch as we had gotten up only to
 observe the snow, neither of us were dressed.  I threw my bath robe
 on Mom's bed and climbed under the feather bedcover with her.  My
 teeth stopped chattering once I became warm, and I soon drifted off
 to sleep.  When I awoke, I immediately became aware of Mother's warm
 hand inside my pajamas -- fondling my erect cock.

       "Forgive me if my actions shock you, but it has been a long time
 since I have been in bed with a man.  In your sleep you rolled over
 against me, and I just became so hot and horny that I couldn't resist
 fondling your love instrument.  I'm sure you're not a virgin, so
 hopefully you can understand your mother's problem," she whispered.

       I told her that rather than having her go to bed with a strange
 man to satisfy her hunger for sex, I could see no reason why I should
 not become the man in her life -- at least until one of us married. 
 She hugged me in a tight embrace and told me what wonderful and
 understanding son she thought that I was, and how she would be proud
 to have me as the man in her life.

       We squirmed out of our night clothes without exposing our bodies
 to the cold, and once naked, our hands explored each other's bodies. 
 Our mouths locked in a passionate kiss as our tongues entwined with
 each other.  Our hands left a trail of electrifying sparks wherever
 they touched.

       Mother was making pleasurable moans as my fingers stroked her
 aroused, blood-engorged pussy lips and I nibbled on her erect,
 pointed nipples.  The moment my finger entered her wet pussy, she
 moaned ecstatically, and her body trembled as she experienced her
 first climax in months.  She was kneading my balls and teasing the
 pulsating head of my throbbing cock by tracing small circles on the
 tight skin of my purple knob.

       I warned her that my cock was about to spill its load, and unless
 I put it in her pussy immediately, my cum would be shooting all over
 the bed.  She responded immediately by rolling on her back and
 spreading her legs so that I could roll into her saddle.  Once I was
 inside her, I guided my cock against her dripping pussy and gave a
 mighty thrust.  The soft folds of her hot twat parted, and her snatch
 lived up to its name; it swallowed my throbbing cock in one gulp.

       Once my joystick was buried to the hilt, she clamped down with
 her cunt muscles, and her hole was as tight as any virgin hole.  We
 immediately found a rhythm, and as my cock sawed in and out of her
 tight pussy, the room was filled with moans, grunts, and sighs as
 Mother's pussy received the sexual pleasures it had been missing for
 months.  I was slamming my cock into her love-channel like it was a
 battering ram.  Each time I slammed my cock in as far as it would go,
 my balls slapped against her steaming pussy, and she screamed and
 bucked her ass harder.  When I yelled that I was going to come, she
 clamped her cunt muscles around my cock like a pair of shoes that are
 two sizes too small.  My cock exploded, and I thought it would never
 stop erupting, because after each spurt she would tighten her pussy
 and shut off the flow of my cream.  The moment she relaxed, another
 gob would shoot right out.

       When my jism slammed into Mom's love canal, she screamed and
 clawed my back as her body trembled uncontrollably, and her orgasm
 exploded every nerve in her body.  After she trembled out of control
 for about a minute, she pulled me into her arms and whispered,
 "David, I don't know where you got your experience, but I never had a
 better fuck in my whole life."  Before we rested, she milked my cock
 dry with her talented cunt, holding it its grip until it was so soft
 it finally slipped out on its own.

       As we lay in each other's arms, she told me that I would never
 have to worry about her getting pregnant when we were fucking because
 many years ago she had had a hysterectomy.  She told me that she
 already knew that I was sexually active when she found some rubbers
 in the pocket of my pants that were to go to the cleaners.  She said
 that she had often thought about suggesting that we make love
 together, but was much too embarrassed to suggest it -- until we were
 in bed together and she became so horny, she just could not help
 fondling my cock.

       The rest of the day, except for making a quick run to the
 bathroom and eating some crackers, we fucked.  Mostly we used
 missionary style so we would not throw the covers off the bed and
 freeze our asses.  However, when the electricity came back on and the
 house heated up, we engaged in oral sex and tried out other different
 positions.

       When I fucked Mom in the ass, it was my first time at anal sex,
 and I found it every exciting to say the least.  Mother told me that
 Daddy used to fuck her ass at least once a week, and that she really
 enjoyed having a man's dick up her ass.  And when I fingered her clit
 while my cock was sawing in and out of her asshole, she had some very
 intense orgasms, and the feeling created by fucking her ass increased
 my own arousal and gave me some really strong ejaculations.

       For the winter, I kept Mom's bed warm, while here orifices gave
 my cock a hot welcome three or four times a week.  I was so involved
 in fucking my mother that I did not have any energy left to fuck any
 of my regular girlfriends.

		  *****

       A couple of weeks before school closed for summer vacation, one
 afternoon, I came home and Mother showed me a letter she had received
 from her sister Joan, from Texas.  Joan had invited Mother and me to
 spend the summer at her ranch.  Joan is a couple of years younger
 than Mother and from her pictures, she looks to every bit as sexy as
 Mom.

       Mom asked me if I would like to go, and I replied that I had
 nothing planned for the summer and Aunt Joan's invitation sounded
 great to me -- if we could afford the plane fare.  Mom told me that
 she had enough money for the plane fare and even some left over for
 luxuries.  That very night Mom wrote Aunt Joan and told her that we
 would come as soon as my school was out.

       Aunt Joan met us at Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, and then we drove
 for another hour in Aunt Joan's Caddy to her ranch.  Aunt Joan's
 husband was killed in an automobile accident about a year earlier and
 had left her financially well-off.  She had a daughter who was away
 at boarding school but would be home in a couple of weeks.

       When we walked through the airport and I had the opportunity to
 look at all the beautiful Texas women, I sprang a bone -- just
 thinking what it would be like to be stranded on a desert island with
 a dozen of them.  When I called her Aunt Joan, she promptly told me
 to call her Joan, as Aunt Joan made her feel old.

       Joan was wearing short shorts and a halter, and as we rode along,
 I was sitting in the middle, between her and Mom.  As Joan's bare leg
 pressed against my thigh, I could not control the messages that were
 going from my brain to my cock and before long, my pants were
 sporting a noticeable bulge, but I was sure that it was not missed by
 Joan.

       At the ranch, Mother and I had separate rooms.  One afternoon
 when Mother felt a little horny, she came to my room for a little
 afternoon sex.  I was pumping her pussy like a Texas jackrabbit when
 Joan walked in.  I was so embarrassed that I lost my hard-on.

       Mother laughed at my embarrassment and told me that she had told
 Joan about how my wonderful love-tool kept her happy and how, when
 she and Joan were younger, they had made pact always to share
 anything that was worthwhile with each other.  It seemed that Joan
 wanted to share my body.

       I told Joan to strip out of her clothes and join us on the bed. 
 When I saw that Joan had a shaved pussy, I knew that I was going to
 have to satisfy curiosity immediately of what it would be like to
 suck such a naked pussy.

       I told her to move into a position so that I could eat her pussy
 while I fucked Mother with my cock, which at that time had regained
 its stiffness.  Joan lay on her back and drew her knees up and spread
 her thighs real wide, exposing her puffy, pink, wet pussy lips.

       On taking a moment to look at Joan's shaved pussy, I was amazed
 when I put my finger in her cunt, and that when I pulled it out, her
 inner flesh momentarily clung to my finger.  I could see that the
 inside of her cunt was a deeper shade of pink.  My desire to suck her
 inviting pussy took over, and seconds later my nose was pushing the
 soft fold of her vagina aside and my tongue was licking her hot,
 slippery cunt lips.  Her salty juices were flowing into my mouth. 
 She was moaning ecstatically, and her hand on my head was holding my
 mouth against her flooding, happy hole.  When my tongue found her
 aroused clit, I found it to be much larger than Mother's.  I was able
 to nibble gently on it, which caused Joan to buck her ass and scream
 for me to nibble harder and make her come.  I obliged her and was
 quickly rewarded with an outpouring of her juices that almost made me
 gag.

       While I was busy sucking Joan, Mother was milking my cock with
 her talented cunt muscles.  When she did her squeeze-and-relax
 routine, she was almost always successful in making me shoot my load
 without any real effort on my part.

       By the time I was finished eating Joan's delicious pussy,
 Mother's talented cunt had brought me to a climax, and I just
 collapsed from sheer exhaustion.

       Later that afternoon, I fucked Joan doggie-style and found her to
 be as good a fuck as Mom.  As I lay resting, and Joan and Mother were
 cleaning my cock with their tongues, I wondered if I would be able to
 survive the summer keeping both Mother's and Joan's cunts contented
 and satisfied.

       But I was soon to find out that I would have THREE sex-hungry
 women to keep satisfied.

       The second week in June, Irene, Joan's sixteen-year-old daughter,
 came home from school.  Irene was probably one of the most beautiful
 girls I have ever laid eyes on.  She was about five-eight, with a
 figure that would win any beauty contest she wanted to enter.  Her
 boobs were high and firm, and she didn't wear a bra.  Her hair was
 shoulder length and was a beautiful shade of auburn.  Her green eyes
 sparkled, and I could hardly wait until her sexy mouth could give me
 a blow job.

       I really did not have to wait long before I received my wish. 
 That night, Irene came into my bedroom and crawled into bed with me. 
 She told me that Joan and Mother decided that tonight would be just
 ours.  From the moment she entered the room, my cock stared getting
 hard.  I threw back the sheet and lay on my back and told her I
 wanted her to get my cock to maximum hardness using just her tongue
 and mouth.  In other words, I wanted to start our relationship with a
 Texas blow job.

       She started by giving me French kiss that set my body on fire. 
 Next she started on a tongue bath, licking the beads of perspiration
 from my chest and belly.  Her licking was driving me wild, and I was
 squirming and thrashing as she licked.  When I thrashed too hard, she
 straddled my head and pushed her dripping cunt into my face and told
 me to shut up and suck her pussy instead.  She tantalized me further
 when she only licked around my throbbing erection.  She licked all
 the way down to my toes, and when she sucked my big toe -- I thought
 I was going to shoot off before I could put my cock in her mouth. 
 Slowly, she licked her way back up my legs -- until I felt her tongue
 caressing my aching balls.  I pushed her cunt off my face and
 screamed that my cock was ready to explode any second and for her to
 please quit teasing.

       Irene twisted my balls so hard that I yelped in pain, and my cock
 went limp.  However, my pain was over seconds later when I felt her
 ruby lips closing over my plum-colored cockhead.  Her tongue swirled
 around the rim of my bulbous purple knob, setting its sensitive nerve
 ends on fire.

       When she deep-throated my shaft, I thought I would go out of my
 mind.  She bobbed her head up and down, and each time, my cockhead
 bumped against the back of her talented throat, bringing my cock
 closer to its exploding point.  Her pussy was flooding like Niagara
 Falls, and her sucking on my cock intensified as I licked her
 dripping pussy and drank her flowing nectar.

       My cock held off coming as long as possible before it erupted
 like a dormant volcano suddenly coming to life.  I must have shot a
 pint of hot cream into her throat.  Irene was a super blow job
 artist. Not only did she give me the most exciting blow job I ever
 had, but she swallowed my entire load and didn't lose a drop.  While
 Mother and Joan were both talented cocksuckers, I would have to
 declare Irene the real winner.

       The rest of the night I fucked my cousin in every position I
 could think of -- until we became so exhausted we could not fuck any
 longer.  The next day we slept until noon.

       After fucking my three horny women every day for a week, my
 pecker was so sore from excessive use that I had to take a couple of
 days off to rest.  In the meantime, the girls got their jollies by
 going down on each other, while I watched.

       While I would not trade my summer vacation for anything, I often
 found myself thinking about getting back to Maine where I will have
 only Mother's pussy to keep satisfied.


