Archive-name: Family/famcamp.txt
Archive-author: Ed Dippus (aka Fast Oedie)
Archive-title: Family Camping Trip


Author's Note:
While-U-Wait for the second installment of Kevin's story (almost done), here's
one of my shorter tidbits I ran across recently.  I had forgotten all about it
until just last night, when I discovered it in a remote corner of my hard drive.

By the way, this is a different Kevin.

And so for the discriminating family reader, I now proudly present:

The Family Camping Trip
(or how i spent my summer)


It started out simply enough: a family camping trip to a hilly region in a
neighboring state.  But Dad neglected to check out the weather report (as
dads will) before we set off.  During the four-hour trip over back-country
roads far from civilization, the skies grew steadily darker.  Within minutes of
arriving at a remote campsite, we found ourselves abandoning the setup of our
tents and gear and scrambling for the only shelter available, our four-wheeler,
as the skies opened.  Luckily, Dad and I had the presence of mind to cover
our belongings with the tents before ducking for cover.  Unfortunately,
however, we were all soaked to the bone by the time we reached the truck.

So there we were, peering glumly through the downpour at our stuff.  My
sister, Karen, knew better than to criticize Dad, so she started on me, 
instead. "Nice job, Kevin.  Now we're all soaked and you left the extra 
clothes out there."

I would have punched her, but she was in the front passenger seat and I was
on the driver's side in back and I would have had to reach across my Mom
next to me to get at her.

"Never mind," my Mom said as my Dad grumbled under his breath.  We were
all left alone to our thoughts as the rain kept on, and on, and on.  I turned
around to take inventory of what we did have in the truck and came up with
1 tattered old beach blanket (with sand), a wind breaker, and an old canvas
tarp.  Everyone was starting to shiver, but my Dad refused to turn on the
truck.  "If we run this heater for any length of time we won't have enough gas
to get back down the mountain," he informed us.

"Well, I've had about enough of these wet clothes," Karen announced, and
started to unbutton on her shirt.  I stared, mouth agape, but before she
opened it, she whirled, snatched the windbreaker out of my hands and said
"Turn around you pervert, while I put this on."

I gulpingly did so, while I heard Dad say "What about me?"

"Oh Daddy, you've seen me naked before."

I heard my Dad kind of gulp, then he said "But, umm, you've really grown up,
now."

"Okay, all finished," she said.  "Here, shithead, spread these out behind you." 
And she tossed me her jeans, shirt and (gulp) bra.  I could only see the
windbreaker from here, but Dad must have been able to see her panties.

Now, I hadn't thought about my sister naked before, but the image was
definitely coming to mind now, and I realized it would have been a very
exciting thing.  I imagined her 18-year-old body, slim, supple, with full 
breasts.  I had never seen them before, but my mind filled in the details 
from clues I had: Karen in her nightgown,  Karen at the beach, Karen in a 
tank top.  Karen naked suddenly seemed like a very fine thing.  Karen cupping 
her tits, Karen sucking a cock, Karen...

"Kevin?"

"Huh, what?"

"I said, your sister has the right idea.  Would you please hand me that tarp
and turn around."

"Yeah, sure."

My MOM naked, now there was a mind-blower.  She was 42, but still trim,
with full hips and, from what I could tell, firm, full breasts.  I started
fantasizing about her next, but with audio as well, since I'd often heard her
passionate moans as she made love to my Dad.  Within a few minutes, I had
the all clear to turn around again.  In the meantime, Dad had taken the
blanket and I was left with nothing.  So I stayed in my wet clothes with the
rest of my family down to their skivvies but warmly wrapped up.  With a shrug
I turned to the window and tried to sleep.

I must have been asleep for an hour, it was fully dark outside, and I woke up
shivering in my still wet clothes.  Figuring that neither they nor I would dry
with me still in them, I stripped to my shorts, huddled back up on the seat,
and tried to get back to sleep.  But I was still cold, so I snuck a portion of
the tarp away from Mom and tucked my legs under it.  As I tried to settle into 
a comfortable position, I managed to glance over at my sister asleep in the
front.  She was leaning against the door with her head back and hugging her
knees to her chest.  I noticed her panties pulled up tight against her crotch. 
Leaning a little closer, I felt I could see the lips of her pussy clearly 
outlined against the thin nylon!

I settled back into my corner of the back seat and, despite the incongruous
situation, took the opportunity to surreptitiously rub my hard-on through my
shorts.  I figured that, with luck, I could bring myself off and no one would be
the wiser.  But as I really started to get into it, my Mom stirred next to me on
the seat, awakened by the vibrations.  So I shut my eyes and pretended to be
shivering (not much of a stretch.)

"Kevin, honey," she whispered gently, shaking my shoulder.

"Huh?" I asked, fake sleepily.

"Come here.  You're shivering so much it woke me up.  Share this tarp with
me."

"OKAY!" I thought! "Ah-huh" I mumbled, acting nonchalant.

I snuggled under the tarp, up against her bare shoulder.  Here I was, mostly
naked under covers with my mostly naked Mom, but honestly my first feelings
were of relief at the blessed warmth I found there.  But as soon as I started
to get warmed up myself, my throbbing hard-on reasserted itself.  Feigning
sleep, I assessed our positions.  She was sitting up, her feet on the floor, but
leaning kind of away from me and against the wall, with her arms crossed.  
I had my legs curled up behind me, with my head on her shoulder and my
knee touching hers.  My right hand lay on the seat between our thighs, my left
held our tarp up under my chin.  My mind was whirling, trying to find some
way to take advantage of this.  But destiny took a hand, literally.

I was slowly pressing my right hand onto her thigh, pretending to snuggle in
closer to her.  My plan was to have it end up 'innocently' resting on top of her
thigh.  Later, too, I would try to drop the tarp a little so I could get a 
gander at those tits.  But before I had any chance to try any of this penny-ante
perversity, Mom reached over and patted me on the thigh <pat-pat> just a
little gesture of affection.  But as she drew her hand back, her wrist brushed
against my hard-on.  Gasping, she froze.  But I instinctively sighed and
pretended to still be out cold.  I couldn't believe it when she hesitated, then
gave me another pat <pat-pat>, this time right on my dick!  

I nearly jumped her right there, but kept up my charade.  My dick had its own
ideas however, and jumped when she touched it.  I couldn't believe this, this
was too good.  

Tentatively, she rested her hand directly on my dong and rubbed it slightly. 
I still played asleep.  As she was still rubbing me ever so gently, I felt her
other hand drop down into her lap, very close to where mine had been
wending its way.  Soon I could feel other rhythmic motions.  Get this: my
Mom was rubbing us both off!

Soon, I felt it was time for action.  "Oh, Mom,"  I breathed in her ear.  She
froze, but the incriminating fingerprints were still on my hard-on.  "That's so
nice," I said, "don't stop.  Keep going."

"I can't," she whispered, "I shouldn't.  I'm so sorry."  She started to pull her
hand away.  I gripped her wrist gently, though, and pulled her back to my rod. 

"Why not," I whispered.  "It feels good, I need it, you need it.  Who's to
know."   She still hesitated, so I reached down with my other hand, placed it
over the one in her lap, and massaged her fingers into her crotch.  With a
feathery soft moan which nearly made me cum on the spot, she grasped my
rod again and we masturbated each other silently under the tarp.

Pretty soon, I slipped my fingers inside her panties, and she slipped hers 
inside my briefs.   Skin on skin, the game got better.  Soon I had one finger 
in her pussy and one on her clit.  Shortly after that, her ministrations on me
ceased as she neared her orgasm.  But I didn't mind.  I slid my right hand up to
caress her left titty, while my left hand redoubled its efforts in her quim.  I
bent down and pulled the nipple toward my mouth. As I sucked and licked that 
turgid bit of flesh, I felt Mom's whole body quiver, tighten, then relax as
another of those tremulous sighs announced her climax.

She came down a bit, then, but was still pretty hot.  We kissed deeply, very
deeply, with tongues slamming down each others throats.  Both my hands
pulled at her motherly titflesh, as both hers dropped into my lap to stroke me. 
But she didn't waste much time with that.  Throwing caution to the wind, she
lowered her head into my lap and swallowed me alive.  It wasn't long before
I felt my nuts tighten.  Mom seemed to sense my impending climax, and
increased her pace.  I rewarded her efforts with about a gallon of jizz.  It
caught her on the upstroke and filled her mouth to bulging.  She swallowed
quickly and slammed me deep into her throat, where her incredible muscles
milked me dry.  When she raised her head again, she had an insatiable gleam
in her eyes.  A trail of my cum flowed down her cheek and dropped onto her
boob.  She reached down, scooped it up with a finger and sucked it into her
mouth.  I was instantly hard again.

"Fuck me," she whispered.

"But Mom," I began to protest, and cast a glance toward the front seat.  To
my horror, my Dad's eyes met mine.  He looked me right in the eye and I felt
my life about to end.

"Fuck her," he said.

I looked back at Mom.  "Fuck me Kevin.  Come fuck Mommy."

I heard sucking sounds coming from the front seat.  They ceased abruptly and
Karen's head popped up over the seat. "Fuck her, Kev." she said.

I guess it was unanimous!

Comments? Questions? Complaints? Requests?
--
