Archive-name: Family/famcaptr.txt
Archive-author: Joe Troutt
Archive-title: Captured Family


    The Bruner family was on its way back home from vacation, and all of
them were rather tired.  Rock Bruner was proud that he had been able to
finally afford the cross-country trip that he had always promised to his
family, but until this year they had been unable to go.  They had been on
the go for two weeks, had been to California and were only several hundred
miles from home.  Rock's wife Linda was in the front seat asleep, and the
two teenagers, fifteen year old Mark and fourteen year old Becky, were in
the back seat looking out the windows at the passing countryside.
    Suddenly, they came upon a sudden thunderstorm.  The sky turned black
and the rain pelted the windshield as Rock struggled to maintain the car
on the slick road.  Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed and all at once
the whole family was scared.
    "Rock, we have to find a place to pull over.  There's no way we can
continue on in this storm like this," said Linda, shivering with fright.
    Mr. Bruner agreed.  "You're right, Linda.  But there's no town for
miles, and I don't see a house or shelter anywhere.  There's no place to
stop."
    Becky exclaimed, "Look, Daddy!  Over there!  A big house!"  Lightning
illuminated the stormy sky and outlined a two story mansion just off the
road.  "Let's see if they'll let us stay there while the storm's going
on."
    Linda looked at Rock with pleading eyes.  "Please, Rock.  Let's stop
at the house.  Surely these are dependable, nice people out here in the
middle of nowhere.  We'll be safer there."
    Rock agreed.  "OK.  I'll stop.  You're right.  We'll be a lot safer
there.  Mark nodded his head, as if to say he thought so too

    The family got out of the car and rushed to the huge porch to stay
dry.  Rock caught a glance at his daughter's soaked t-shirt and just about
shit.  "Damn," he thought.  "Her tits look just like her mother's did as a
teenager."  Shaking his head for thinking about tits at a perilous time
like this, he reached up and rang the bell.  He heard no response.  He
tried the door, and it opened easily.  "Looks like it's abandoned," he
announced.  "Let's go on in and stay out of the weather."
    Becky spied an oil lamp perched on a nearby table.  "Daddy, light this
lamp so we can see," she said.  Rock pulled out a lighter, which he kept
for the big cigars he occasionally smoked, and lit the lamp.
    The room was huge, and seemed to be fairly spartan except for a large
sofa and a few pieces of furniture.  The family sat down on the sofa and
began to dry out when suddenly they heard a noise.  Rock turned around a
look of shock came over his face as he saw three huge, bearded men walk
into the room!
    "What in the hell are ya'll doin' on this property?" the biggest of
the men asked."

(To be continued)

I would appreciate any comments to the above story.  What would you like
to see happen next?  Anyone else with similar bondage/incest interests
please feel free to leave me a message here on Rusty and Edie's BBS.

--
