(c) Copyright 1997  The MadHatter.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.

					A Family Affair
					by The MadHatter

	Trish entered the house quietly, not wanting to wake anyone up.  It was two o'clock in the morning, and she had just returned from a party at a friend's house.  She quietly entered her room, almost completely closing her door before turning on her light.  Her grandparents were staying in the room across the hall, and she didn't want to disturb them.
	Trish collapsed onto her bed.  She was still upset that her boyfriend hadn't been able to make it to the party, especially since she was horny as hell!  She felt a desperate need to get laid.  Getting up off her bed long enough to remove her clothes, Trish put on her skimpy lace nightie and lay back down.  Her hands slowly caressed and squeezed her breasts; her fingers rubbed her nipples, teasing them until they were hard.  Then she slid her hands down her stomach to her awaiting pussy, spreading her legs and arching her hips as the middle finger of her right hand slid back and forth along her pussy lips before sliding inside.  A gasp escaped from her throat.
	Trish was wet almost immediately, her fluids flowing freely onto her fingers.  She stroked the middle finger of her left hand in her pussy, getting it well-lubricated, then slid her hand  underneath her ass, slowly pushing her finger into her asshole.  She inserted another finger from her right hand into her pussy, then began finger-fucking her pussy and asshole simultaneously.
	About this time, Trish's grandfather had just finished going to the bathroom, and was heading back to his room.  He noticed that Trish's door was open just a crack, and that her light was on, so he casually glanced in to see what she was doing awake at this hour.  His eyes widened as he saw her scantily clad young body writhing on her bed as she masturbated.  Her large, full breasts pushed up through her nightie; her fingers moved rapidly in and out between her legs.  He could not see her pussy because of her hands, but he could imagine the moist folds of her lips, the hot depths of her womanhood.  To his shock and amazement, his cock was rock hard inside his pajama bottoms.  He told himself he should not watch his granddaughter like this, but he could not tear himself away.  He cautiously opened the door wider to get a better view, his hand going inside his pajamas so he could stroke his cock.
	Trish noticed the movement of the door out of the corner of her eye, but was too close to climax to stop.  She casually glanced over that way several times, until she saw her grandfather's face once as he moved briefly into the light.  She smiled to herself.  'Well, if he wants a show, let's give him one!'
	Trish continued to pump her fingers in and out of her pussy, going faster and faster until she climaxed, biting her pillow to keep from screaming in passionate release.  Her body collapsed on the bed, her breasts heaving.  She turned her body toward the door, spreading her legs slightly farther apart, so that her grandfather got an eyeful of her pussy, her inner thighs covered with her love juices.  Then she got up, turned out her light, and crawled under her covers.  She could hear her grandfather going into his room across the hall.
	Trish smiled to herself, wicked thoughts dancing in her head.  'This could be fun,' she thought.
	The next day, Trish watched her grandfather, waiting for the chance to get him alone.  Her chance came late that afternoon while he was in the spare bedroom that he and her grandmother were using during their visit.
	Trish casually strolled into the room, closing and locking the door behind her.  She smiled coyly, slowly rubbing her pussy through her jeans.
	"Trish, what do you think you're doing?"  Her grandfather had a shocked expression on his face, but Trish noticed that his eyes never left her crotch.
	"Just thinking about last night.  You remember last night, don't you?"
	"I don't know what you're talking about."
	"Sure you do.  Last night, when you were watching me play with myself.  I really liked you watching me.  It got me all hot and wet.  I'll be doing it again tonight, if you want to come by and watch some more."
	"Trish!  You shouldn't say such things."
	"Why not?  I know you enjoyed yourself."  Trish walked up to her grandfather and began rubbing his cock with one hand, still rubbing herself with the other.
	"You don't have to come if you don't want to, but I'd really love it if you would.  You can even come in the room this time, so you can get a closer view."
	Trish turned and walked to the door, unlocking and opening it.  Her grandfather just stood there, staring at her.  She turned back briefly before leaving the room.
	"See you tonight," she said with a smile.

	That night, Trish's grandfather lay awake in bed, determined not to leave his room.  But no matter how hard he tried, he could not get the image of his granddaughter's nude body out of his head.  He felt his dick stiffening as he thought back to the night before.  
	The next he knew, he was quietly getting out of bed and leaving his room.  
	All he could think about was seeing his granddaughter's sensuous body again.
	Across the hall, he could see Trish's light on.  Her door was open a few inches, just enough for her light to show in the hallway.  He quietly stepped up to her door and peered in.  She lay naked on the bed, her legs spread wide.  Her eyes were focused on the door 
	waiting for him to arrive.
	"Come in, Grandpa, I was just about to start without you."
	He walked into the room, shutting the door behind him.
	"Don't forget to lock it.  We wouldn't want anyone to interrupt us, now would we?"
	He locked the door, then walked over to her bed, sitting down next to her.  He eyes roamed up and down her body, staring at her firm breasts, her flat stomach, her trim bush.  Trish sat up and reached between his legs, grasping his hard-on through his pajamas.
	"Oh my, you're hard already."
	"Trish, we shouldn't be doing this.  I mean, you are my granddaughter."
	"So what?  Why should that stop us from enjoying each other.  Let me loosen you up a little, and maybe you'll relax and enjoy yourself."
	Trish unbuttoned his pajama top and pulled it off of him, dropping it onto the floor.  Then she slid his bottoms off as well.  Wrapping one hand around his shaft, she started slowly jerking him off, while her other hand fondled his balls.
	"See?  Doesn't that feel good?"
	"Oh, Trish, that feels wonderful, but it's not right."
	"I guess this wouldn't be right then, either, would it?"  Trish ran her tongue along his head, then took it into her mouth, sucking on his head for a little bit before taking his whole cock into her mouth.  She bobbed up and down on his cock while continuing to fondle 
	his balls.  Grandpa inhaled sharply, then started breathing heavily.  He closed his eyes, running his fingers through Trish's hair.
	Trish slid his cock out of her mouth, and starting running the tip of her tongue up and down his shaft.  Then she took his balls into her mouth briefly, sucking lightly on them.  She then sat up and started rubbing his cock across her breasts.
	"I'll stop whenever you like, Grandpa.  Just say the word."
	Grandpa just stared at her, unable to say anything.
	"That's more like it.  Now lie down on the bed."
	He lay down on his back in the middle of the bed, and Trish straddled his waist.  She grasped his cock and lowered herself until his head was just pushing into her vaginal lips, then impaled herself on his cock.  A low moan escaped from both their throats.
	Trish took her grandfather's hands and placed them on her breasts as she slid up and down on his cock, moving her body faster and faster.  He did not respond at first, but was soon thrusting his hips up to meet her thrusts.  His hands kneaded and squeezed her breasts.  
	They continued to slam their bodies together.  Trish bit her lip as she climaxed, trying to keep from screaming.  She moved faster and faster on Grandpa's cock, and he quickly followed her in orgasm, shooting his load deep into her cunt.
	Trish collapsed onto Grandpa's chest.   Both were breathing hard.  Once Trish had caught her breath, she kissed her grandfather on the cheek.
	"That was fabulous, Grandpa.  Do you still say we shouldn't have done it?"
	"No.  You were wonderful.  But you mustn't tell anyone."
	"Of course not!  It'll be our little secret.  Now let me clean you up so you can get back to your room before Grandma misses you."
	Trish moved her head down to his now limp prick, licking all the cum and vaginal juices from him.  When she was done, he got dressed and went back to his room.  Trish slid under the covers, a wicked smile on her face.  Now that she bad actually committed incest for the first time, her mind was open to many new possibilities.  She thought about all her male relatives in a very new way.  Thinking about these things, she slowly drifted off to sleep, a smile on her face.

	The next morning, Trish sauntered down to breakfast, still smiling.  She still felt a warm sensation deep down as she thought about the night before.  Trish was the last one to the breakfast table.
	"There you are.  We were wondering if you were getting out of bed this morning," her mother Jen said teasingly, putting some pancakes on her plate.
	"Sleep well, dear?" her father Sam asked.
	"Yes, daddy.  Wonderful."  She looked over at Grandpa and smiled.  He met her gaze, a smile creeping onto his face as well.  Luckily her grandmother didn't notice.
	"Well, I've got to meet the guys for band practice," her brother Fred said, putting his plate in the sink.  "I'll see you all later."
	Trish ate her breakfast in silence.  She had stopped thinking about Grandpa, and was now thinking about her other relatives.  She looked over at her father; his thick black hair, his muscular frame.  She shook her head, clearing away the lustful thoughts she had.  She couldn't believe she was thinking that way about her own father!
	After breakfast, her grandparents went to visit her Aunt Anna and Uncle Frank, and her cousins Joel and Marie, who lived a few hours away.  They would all be coming over in a few days for a family reunion, along with her Aunt Megan and Uncle Jake; plus whatever extraneous relative decided to show up.
	"Dad, can you take me over to Emily's house on your way to work," Trish asked.  She couldn't wait to tell her all about last night.
	"Sure, hon."
	After everyone had left, Jen proceeded to do the dishes and tidy up the kitchen.  Just as she was finishing up, her neighbor Cheryl stopped in.
	"Hey, Jen.  What's going on?"
	"Nothing.  I finally got everyone out of the house so I could do some cleaning."
	"Your parents still around?"
	"They're visiting my brother for a few days.  They'll come back here with them for the reunion."
	They sat down at the kitchen table and continued to talk, then pulled out some playing cards and played gin rummy while they talked about their favorite soaps, the latest gossip, etc.  About an hour later, Fred came back from band practice.
	"Hello, mom.  Hello, Mrs. Jones."
	"Hello, Fred.  How are you today?"
	"Fine."
	"How was band practice, dear?"
	"It went okay."
	Fred left the two women and went up to his room.  Cheryl watched him intently as he left.  She loved to watch his ass move in his tight jeans.
	"I don't know how you can stand it," she commented.
	"Stand what?"
	"Living with a young stud like your son and not fucking him."
	"Cheryl!"
	"I'm serious.  He's a hunk!  And I'll bet he's got a nice cock on him, too."
	"Cheryl, that's my son you're talking about."
	"I know, I know.  But haven't you ever fantasized about it, just briefly?  Come on, be honest."
	"Okay, so maybe I have.  But that doesn't mean I'd ever do anything."
	"Why not?"
	"Because he's my son!"  Jen couldn't believe what her friend was saying.
	"Under the right conditions, I bet that wouldn't stop you."
	"I don't know what you're talking about."
	"Then let's go up to his room and I'll show you."
	"You're crazy!"
	Cheryl smiled wickedly.  "Maybe.  But it'll still be lots of fun.  Come on, let loose for once."
	Cheryl grabbed Jen's arm and pulled her out of her chair, leading her up the stairs to Fred's room.  She knocked on Fred's door, then walked in without waiting a response, pulling Jen in after her.
	"Fred, you busy?"
	"No, why?"  He looked at the two women, a puzzled expression on his face.
	"I want to show your mom something."
	Cheryl dropped to her knees in front of Fred and started unbuttoning his jeans, which she then pulled down around his knees along with his underwear.  Fred just stared down at her, unsure of what to do.
	Cheryl slipped her mouth around his limp prick and started sucking on it, while fondling his balls with one hand.  She used her other hand to rub her crotch through her pants.  Fred slowly stiffened in her mouth, his cock becoming long and hard.  Cheryl continued to move her mouth up and down on his cock until it glistened with saliva.
	Fred couldn't believe it.  The beautiful neighbor he had fantasized about many times was actually giving him a blowjob.  And his mother was watching the whole time!  He wasn't sure how he felt about that, so he decided to just relax and enjoy whatever happened.
	Cheryl turned to Jen.  "Look at this thick cock.  You can't tell me you don't want to wrap your lips around it."
	"I don't.  Really."  Her voice, however, betrayed her words, for it lacked any conviction.  Her eyes, which were glued to Fred's cock, confirmed her real feelings.
	Cheryl pulled Jen down to the floor next to her.  Then, taking one of Jen's hands, she placed it around Fred's shaft.  Jen slowly began stroking her son's cock, and almost without realizing what she was doing, she was kissing and licking his shaft.  She then slid his head into her mouth and started sucking on it while Cheryl sucked on his scrotum.
	The two women were soon lost in sexual abandon, running their tongues along Fred's shaft and taking turns sucking him.  Fred couldn't believe his own mother was giving him head.  But as good as it felt, he really didn't care, either.  Soon he could feel the pressure start to build in his balls.
	"Oh, God, I'm gonna cum!"
	"Shoot it, Fred!  Shoot that hot load of yours."  Cheryl said gleefully.
	"Yes, son, shoot your load on mommy.  Come on, baby, give me you cum.  Let me taste it!"
	Fred grabbed his cock and pointed it at the two women's faces as his cum exploded from his head, spurting into their mouths and onto their faces.  He then sat down abruptly on his bed, falling onto his back.  He lay there, breathing deeply and contentedly.  Cheryl and Jen hungrily licked the cum off of each other's faces.
	"Naughty, naughty, naughty; eating your son's cum like that.  You should be ashamed of yourself."
	"Well, I'm not.  And besides, it's all your fault.  But now that I've done it, I might as well go all the way."
	"I knew you'd see it my way sooner or later.  Sit up, Fred, we've got a little treat for you."
	"I can't imagine it being any better than that blowjob.  Mom, where'd you learn to suck cock like that?"
	"Oh, I've had plenty of practice.  Just ask your father."
	"Yes, well now it's your turn to do us, Fred."  Cheryl slowly undressed Jen, then turned her to face her son.
	"What do you think of your mom now?"
	"God, mom, I never knew you had such a sexy body."  Fred ran his hands along her hips, then up her sides until he reached her breasts, which he caressed and fondled, squeezing her nipples between his fingers.  He then got on his knees in front of her and ran his tongue along her inner thigh.  Spreading her legs a little, he pushed his face up into her crotch, sucking on her vaginal lips.
	"Oh, Fred, yes, eat me, eat me!"
	Despite her brave talk to Cheryl, Jen had still had her doubts about whether or not she could really bring herself to do this.  These last lingering doubts vanished as Fred slid his tongue deep into her pussy.  She was shocked at how well he knew how to use his tongue.  At the same time she was enjoying every minute of it.  She didn't want him to ever stop.
	"Oh, yeah, Fred, do it to me.  Oh, oh yes, yes!"
	While Fred worked his mouth around his mom's cunt, sucking her clit and running his tongue along her slit, Cheryl undressed, watching the whole time.  Suddenly Jen grabbed her son's hair and pushed his face into her crotch.

	"Oh, God, yes, I'm coming, oh, oh baby, suck me!  Yes!"
	Spasms racked Jen's body and her legs gave out from under her.  Grabbing onto her hips, Fred twisted around and dropped her onto the bed, his face still between her legs.  He lapped up all her juices, sliding his fingers deep inside her to bring more of it out.  Then he pulled away, a big smile on his face.
	"Boy, mom, you sure taste sweet."
	"I'll bet she does."  Cheryl came over to Fred and licked Jen's cum from his face.  "But now it's my turn.  Lie down on the bed."
	Fred lay down on his back in the middle of the bed, and Cheryl crouched over him, lowering her cunt to his face.  He spread her lips apart with his fingers and pushed his tongue into the wet folds of her pussy.  She moaned deep in her throat and grabbed hard on the headboard to support herself.
	Jen, meanwhile, was stroking Fred's cock, getting it nice and hard again.  She then squatted over it, running the head back and forth between her pussy lips before slowly sliding down on top of it, feeling it push into her.
	"Oh, baby, your cock feels so good in my pussy.  Oh, yeah."
	"God, Mom, you've got such a nice, wet pussy.  It feels great wrapped around my dick."
	Jen moved up and down slowly on her son's cock, gradually building momentum until she was wildly riding his prick.  At the same time, Cheryl was grinding her pussy on Fred's face as he slid his tongue deep into her pussy.  He nibbled on her clit as well, causing her to shout and moan.
	Fred could feel himself reaching climax.  "I'm gonna cum!  Oh, shit yeah, I'm cumming, cumming!"
	"Cum in me, baby, cum in mommy's hot pussy.  Yes, yes!"
	Fred's hot load shot up into his mother's twat, bringing her to climax as well.  Fred then stuck his finger up Cheryl's ass as he sucked hard on her clit.  Cheryl  immediately climaxed, covering Fred's face with her juices.
	The two women slid off of Fred with sighs of contentment and lay on either side of him, lightly kissing his chest while fondling his limp prick with their hands.  Soon Cheryl was stroking his cock as it stiffened once more, while Jen fondled his balls.  Soon he was once again rock-hard.
	"Now it's my turn," Cheryl declared, getting on her hands and knees on the bed, "and I want it up my ass."
	"My pleasure!"
	Fred got behind Cheryl.  She gasped as he pushed his cock into her ass.  He eased it in slowly, the flesh parting around his cock.  God, he couldn't believe how tight her ass was!  Once he was all the way in, he started slowly stroking in and out of her anus, at the same time reaching forward and fondling her breasts.
	Jen, meanwhile, had slid below her, and was licking her pussy while fondling her son's balls.  Cheryl slid her around to get her pussy in front of her, and the two women did a sixty-nine on each other's twats while Fred continued to fuck Cheryl up the ass.

	Fred kept pumping away until he was about to cum, then he pulled his cock out, grabbing hold of it as his jism spurted forth, landing all over Cheryl's ass.  Jen rubbed the cum into Cheryl's ass while the two French kissed.
	"So how does it feel to know you've committed incest," Cheryl asked Jen, smiling wickedly.
	"Fan-fucking-tastic!"  She turned toward Fred and planted a kiss on his cheek.  "And I don't plan on this being the last time, either."
	Fred smiled.  He wouldn't mind fucking either of these two hot women again.  Cheryl sighed one final time, kissed Fred passionately on the lips, then got up and got dressed.
	"I've got to get home."
	"Yes, and I've got things to do as well.  Just remember, Fred, not a word of this to anyone!"
	"My lips are sealed.  Scout's honor."
	"Good.  Now get dressed and you can help me get the house cleaned before everyone gets home."

	That weekend, Aunt Megan and Uncle Jake arrived with Grandpa and Grandma, who had been staying with them the past few days.  Megan and Jake would be staying in the guest room next to the grandparents' room.  They brought Joel and Marie with them, since  Uncle Frank and Aunt Anne wouldn't be able to make it for a few more days, and they were both eager to get away from home and see their cousins.  Joel would be staying in Fred's room, while his sister Marie would be sharing a room with Trish.  Neither Trish nor Fred was very happy with this. for both had hoped to have the privacy of their own rooms.  Trish wanted to continue fucking Grandpa, and Fred wanted nothing more than to fuck his mother again.
	Shortly after they arrived, Trish managed to corner Grandpa when no one else was around.  "I missed you," she said with a smile.  "Are you coming by tonight?"
	"What about your cousin?"
	"What about her?"
	"No, I won't do it.  I shouldn't have ever gone to your room in the first place."
	"Suit yourself."  Trish casually walked away, still smiling.
	That night, Trish and Marie sat on Trish's bed, talking about sex.  Each tried to outdo the other with her sexual exploits.  Finally, Trish decided to go for broke, and told Marie about fucking their grandfather.
	"I don't believe you,"  Marie told her.
	"It's true.  I let him watch me masturbating, then seduced him.  It was great!"
	"You're full of shit."
	"It's true," Trish said indignantly.
	"Yeah, right.  I've got twenty bucks says you're lying."
	"You're on!  And I can prove it."
	"How?"
	"Here's the deal.  I'll talk Grandpa into coming to the room tomorrow night.  If he doesn't show up, I'll give you your twenty bucks.  But if he does show up, you'll have to fuck him with me.  What do you say?"
	"You must be joking.  No way."
	"What are you worried about.  You don't even think he'll show up."
	"I just don't know."
	"What's the matter?  I thought you were sexually adventurous.  Don't tell me you're just a prude."
	"I'm no prude!  Okay, you've got a bet."
	"Good."

	The next day, Trish got Grandpa alone, and slid up next to him, rubbing her tits against his back and rubbing his crotch with her hands.  "Hi there, grandpa," she whispered into his ear.
	"Trish!  What do you think you're doing?"
	"I just wanted to say hi.  And to tell you that Marie would love it if you joined us in my room tonight."
	"You told her?"
	"Sure.  She is my cousin, after all.  You will be there, won't you?"
	"No!  I'm not doing it any more.  We never should have done what we did to begin with."
	"Whatever you say, grandpa.  See you tonight."  Trish blew him a kiss and walked out of the room.

	That night, Trish and Marie sat on Trish's bed, waiting to see if Grandpa would show up.  Marie fidgeted nervously on the bed, obviously worried that he might indeed show up.  She still wasn't sure if she could go through with it, despite what she had told your cousin.
	"He won't show," she told Trish, trying to put on a bold front.
	"Oh, he'll show.  But until then, why don't we find some way to occupy ourselves."
	"What are you talking about?"
	"You'll see."  Trish smiled wickedly, getting off the bed and removing her nightgown and panties.  She then sat back down.
	"What are you doing?"  Marie stared incredulously at Trish, unable to believe what she was seeing.
	Trish squeezed one of her breasts with one hand while rubbing her pussy with the other.  "What's the matter, never done it with another woman?"
	"No!"
	"Well, neither have I, but there's a first time for everything."
	Trish practically leaped onto her cousin, pinning her to the bed with her nude body.  She rubbed her crotch against Marie, staring into her eyes.  Then she kissed her lightly on the lips.
	"Come on.  Don't tell me you've never thought about it before."
	"Well. . .okay, maybe once or twice."  Marie smiled back at Trish, then began to nibble lightly on her ear.  She slowly moved her lips down Trish's neck to her shoulder, then worked her way down her breasts, taking one of her nipples into her mouth.
	"Oh, yeah.  That's nice.  You sure you've never done this before?"
	"Never.  Really.  I guess I'm just a natural."  She then moved to the other nipple, licking and sucking.
	"Mmmmmm.  I hate to ask you to stop, but we need to get you naked, my dear."
	"Okay."
	Trish rolled onto her side so that Marie could sit up enough to pull off her nightgown.  Trish then slid between Marie's legs so that she could pull off her panties.  Trish spread Marie's legs apart and began to kiss her pussy, lightly sliding the tip of her tongue along her twat.


	While Trish and Marie were getting to know each other better, Grandpa lay in his bed, trying to convince himself not to go to Trish's bedroom.  Eventually he gave up trying to resist his desires.  Looking to make sure his wife was asleep, he quietly got up and left his room.  As soon as he stepped into the hall, he could see that Trish's light was still on.  He hesitated for only a second before slowly pushing the door open and stepping into her room.
	To his surprise, the first thing to greet his eyes was his two granddaughters, naked on the bed, passionately embracing.  Their lips were locked together in a passionate kiss, and they were wildly rubbing their pussies together.  When they broke off their kiss, Marie looked up from where she lay under her cousin and saw her grandfather standing at the door watching them.
	"Grandpa?!"
	Trish turned her head to look up at her grandfather.  "Well, close the door.  You don't want the whole world watching us, do you?"
	Grandpa closed the door and walked up to the bed.  His granddaughters were now lying side by side on the bed, looking up at him.  Trish had an obvious look of lust on her face.  Marie looked nervous, but she too seemed to be excited by the possibilities.  When he reached the side of the bed, Trish slid down until her face was even with his waist.  She then pulled off his pajama bottoms and slid his slowly stiffening prick into her mouth.
	Marie stared at the two of them.  She could not believe that she was actually seeing what was going on.  She watched for a few minutes, then decided she should get in on the action.  A bet was a bet, after all.  Getting off the bed, she walked slowly around Grandpa until she was behind him, making sure he got a good view of her as she went.  She reached around him and slowly unbuttoned his pajama top, then slid it off of his shoulders and dropped it to the floor.  She then started rubbing her body against him, pushing her tits against his back and her crotch against his ass.
	Trish looked up at her.  "Why don't you join me down here?"
	"I think I will."  Marie slid down and around Grandpa's body so that she ended up on her knees in front of him, next to Trish.  The two of them took turns licking his shaft and sucking on the tip of his cock.  Grandpa groaned, his breath coming in ragged gasps.  Soon he was rock hard.  Trish and Marie stood up and guided Grandpa onto his back on the bed.


	While all this was going on, Grandma had awakened.  She turned and saw that Grandpa was gone.  She assumed he was in the bathroom.  Unable to go back to sleep, she lay awake waiting for him to return.  Finally, she decided to get up and go looking for him.  She had planned to see if he was in the bathroom, but when she stepped out into the hall, she noticed that Trish's light was on.  She was about to ignore it, figuring that the girls simply hadn't gone to sleep yet, when she heard strange sounds coming from the room.
	Grandma didn't really want to bother the girls, but her curiosity got the better of her, and she quietly opened the door just a crack, and peered into the room.  She couldn't believe her eyes!  Her husband lay naked in the middle of the bed.  Trish was sitting on his lap,  sliding up and down on his cock, while Marie squatted over his face.  He was licking and kissing her pussy passionately.  The two girls were both leaning forward so that they could kiss and fondle each other's breasts.
	She was about to burst into the room on them, then reconsidered. 'No wonder he's been ignoring me lately, the bastard.  Well, two can play that game!!'
	Quietly closing the door, Grandma turned and looked down the hall.  'Good,' she thought, 'there's still a light on in Fred's room.'
	Grandma went back to her room, where she removed her underwear, then put her nightgown back on.  Then she left her room again and walked down the hall to Fred's room.  She hesitated briefly, then quietly knocked on the door before opening it and stepping into the room.
	Fred was sitting on his bed, while Joel was on the floor sitting on his sleeping bag.  Both were wearing nothing but their boxer shorts.  The two stopped talking and turned to look at Grandma, who quietly closed and locked the door, looking at her two grandsons the whole time.
	"What brings you here this late at night, Grandma?"  Fred asked her.
	"I wanted to get you boys' opinion on something."
	"What's that?"
	Grandma pulled her nightgown up over her head and dropped it onto the floor next to her, standing naked before the two boys, who stared in shock at their grandmother.  Neither could think of anything to say about this sudden and unexpected action.
	"I just wanted to know what you think of my body.  I know I don't compare to the young women you spend your time with, I just wondered if there was anything about me you might find attractive."
	"G-g-g-grandma," Joel stammered.  "How can you ask us something like that?"

	Fred, on the other hand, was getting a good look at his grandmother.  He didn't know why she suddenly decided to strip naked in front of her grandsons, and he didn't care; he did, however, plan to take advantage of the situation.  Despite being in her early sixties, Grandma was in great shape.  She still jogged regularly as well as did aerobics.  Her muscles were toned, and her large breasts only sagged slightly.  She had silver-dollar nipples which covered a large part of her breasts.  Leaning to the side slightly, Fred got a nice view of her ass, which also had not yet started to sag.  Yes, she looked very good indeed, and Fred was going to tell her so.
	"Grandma," Fred said, standing up and walking up to her, "I think you look gorgeous."
	Fred caressed one of her breasts with one hand while sliding his other down her waist so he could squeeze and massage her ass.  Grandma, taken by surprise by this forward behavior, almost pulled away, but managed to control her nervousness, and responded instead by reaching her hand out and rubbing Fred's cock through his boxers.  She then reached inside and stroked his cock and fondled his balls.  Fred moaned slightly, taking one of Grandma's breasts in each hand and squeezing them together.  He then leaned down and began licking and sucking her nipples.  Now it was Grandma's turn to moan.
	Joel, meanwhile, simply sat on the floor staring while his cousin and his grandmother stood before him fondling each other.  Grandma then pulled off Fred's boxers, getting down on her knees in front of him and taking his stiffening prick into her mouth.
	"God, Grandma, you've got a great mouth," Fred told her.
	"I've had lots of practice, Fred," Grandma replied, then went right back to licking and sucking his shaft while fondling his balls with one hand.  Her other hand was busy squeezing his ass.
	Once she had Fred nice and hard, she stood back up, continuing to stroke his cock, which was now slick with her saliva.  She then turned and looked down at Joel, who was still sitting in the same place he had been when she walked in.
	"What's the matter, Joel, don't you want to join us?" she asked.
	"I. . .no, I can't.  I can't believe what you two are doing.  You're our grandmother, for Christ's sake!"
	"Exactly.  And shouldn't I be allowed to show my grandsons just how much they mean to me?"
	Joel just sat there, not knowing what to say or how to react.  He did not try to stop her, however, when Grandma sat down next to him and pulled his limp penis out the hole in his boxers.  Without saying a word, she leaned down and wrapped her lips around his cock, running her tongue along it while sucking it.  She smiled as she felt it slowly start to stiffen in her mouth.
	Fred, not wanting to be left out, got behind Grandma and ran his fingers along her pussy lips.  Then he spread her lips and pushed his tongue deep into her twat.  Grandma moaned around Joel's prick as Fred sucked on her pussy, rubbing her clit with his middle finger as he licked and sucked her hole.  They continued like this until Joel, too, was rock hard.  Then they all got up and got onto the bed.  Joel didn't quite know what to think about what was happening, but he decided just to go with it and enjoy whatever did happen.


	While the three of them got cozy on the bed, Grandpa was busy going hot and heavy with the two girls.  Trish continued to ride wildly on Grandpa's cock while Marie ground her pussy against his face.  Grandpa pushed his tongue deep into the hot, moist folds of her cunt, licking and sucking with wild abandon.  Soon Marie could no longer control herself; spasms wracked her body as she climaxed, covering Grandpa's face with her juices.
	"That looks yummy!"  Trish said as she climbed off Grandpa.  The two girls licked all of Marie's love juices from Grandpa's face.  "Mmmm, that was good.  I need a first-hand taste of that."
	Trish lay down on the bed, and Marie squatted over her face.  Trish grabbed her arms and pulled her down.  "You do me, too."
	Grandpa watched the two girls licking and kissing each other's pussies.  He quickly decided he couldn't just watch, so he gently pulled Trish's face away from Marie's cunt and slid his cock into her.  Marie gasped, burying her face deeper in Trish's twat.  While Grandpa was stroking into Marie's pussy, Trish sucked on his balls and licked his shaft as it slid in and out of Marie.  She could taste Marie's juices on his cock.  She also gently rubbed Marie's clit, causing her to moan in passion.
	The three of the them continued wildly thrusting against each other.  Their bodies were covered with sweat.  They did their best to keep the noise down, but that didn't prevent them from moaning and groaning and gasping for breath.  Their passionate lovemaking continued until Grandpa couldn't contain himself any more.
	"Oh God, I'm gonna cum.  Oh, girls, Grandpa's ready to cum!"
	"Give me your jism, Grandpa. I want it in my mouth!  Let me eat it all up."  Pulling his cock out of Marie's cunt, Trish took it in her mouth, fondling his balls while sucking his head.  Suddenly his hot seed was spurting from his cock into Trish's mouth.  She swallowed as much as she could, but it was still dribbling out of her lips and down her chin as Grandpa slid his penis out of her mouth.  He collapsed onto the bed.  Marie turned around, licking the cum from Trish's chin.  The two then engaged in a passionate French kiss, Grandpa's cum flowing into Marie's mouth as the two girl's intertwined their tongues.
	The cousins finally broke off their kiss.  They then turned to look at their grandfather, wicked smiles on both their faces.  They lay down on either side of him, kissing him on the cheek.
	"Well, girls, it's been very enjoyable, but I'd better get back before your Grandma notices I'm gone."
	"Come back anytime," Trish said, stroking his now limp penis very gently with one hand.
	"Yeah, like tomorrow night."  Marie kissed him again while fondling his balls.
	"I just might do that."  Grandpa got out of the bed and put his pajamas on.  He then returned to his room, only to discover that Grandma was not there.  He experienced a moment of panic, then decided it was best to just get into bed and wait until she came back.  Hopefully he'd be able to come up with an explanation for his disappearance by time she returned.


	Fred and Joel lay Grandma down on the bed, then each took one of her nipples in his mouth and sucked on it.  Fred slid his hand down her belly, through her thick bush, and into her wet cleft.  Separating her lips with his index and ring finger, he pushed his middle finger deep into the moist, velvety depths of her cunt.  Grandma moaned, arching her back and pushing her crotch against Fred's hand.
	"Fred, I want you.  Fuck me, Fred, fuck me now!"
	Fred positioned himself between Grandma's legs, slowly pushing his cock into her waiting pussy.  It slid in with ease.  While Fred was pumping away at Grandma's twat, Joel straddled her chest and put his prick between her breasts.  Once she squeezed them together around him, he commenced to slide his cock back and forth between her tits.  Every time he pushed it forward, Grandma would tilt her head up and run her tongue along the tip of his penis.
	Very quickly Grandma reached orgasm, moaning and spasming beneath the two boys.  They continued their motions, Fred fucking her cunt while Joel fucked her tits.  Soon Fred could feel the pressure building in his balls.  His was getting close to climax.
	"Oh, yeah, I'm gonna cum."
	"Bring that prick up here and cum in my mouth."
	"You got it, Grandma!"
	Fred gave Grandma two more quick hard thrusts before pulling out and moving up next to her face.  Joel got off her chest and sat on the other side of her.  Grandma took a cock in each hand, stroking them.  She took turns sucking on each one, then crammed both heads into her mouth, running her tongue along them and fondling their balls with her hands.  This proved too much for the boys, and soon Joel was shooting his jism into Grandma's mouth.  Fred held out only seconds more before he too was spurting his load.  Grandma swallowed it all.  She then used her hand to push the rest that was on her chin and cheeks into her mouth.
	"My, you boys sure know how to treat a lady."
	"You were great, grandma," Fred said, kissing her cheek.  "But what made you come in here tonight?"
	"Can't a woman have a few secrets?"
	"Will you come back again?"  Joel asked.
	"Maybe."  Grandma ran her tongue along Joel's limp prick, then got up and put her nightgown back on.  "I'll see you two tomorrow at breakfast, then."
	Grandma returned to her bedroom.  Grandpa was lying on their bed.  "Asleep already.  Those two girls must have really worn you out."
	Grandpa immediately sat up.  "So you know."
	"That's right.  I watched you going at it with your own granddaughters.  Of course, I got tired of just watching, you I decided I try out our grandsons."
	"You what?!"
	"If you can do it, I don't see why I can't."
	"You're serious.  You really slept with Fred and Joel?"
	"Oh, we didn't sleep.  We fucked our brains out!"
	"I guess that makes us even then."
	"Yes, I guess it does."
	"So it's over then?"
	"Oh, it's far from over."
	A look of shock and confusion crossed Grandpa's face.  "What do you mean?"
	"I mean that when you go visit your granddaughters tomorrow night, you're taking me with you."
	"You're kidding."
	"What?  Afraid I might satisfy them better than you can?"
	"Well.  If you want to be that way, you're on, my dear."
	With that Grandma joined Grandpa in bed.  They snuggled up against each other, and were soon sound asleep, both enjoying the memories of that night, as well as anticipating the forbidden pleasures to come.


	Late on the afternoon of the next day, Uncle Jake was relaxing in the back yard when he saw Cheryl come out of her house wearing a skimpy red string bikini.  He couldn't help but admire her luscious tanned body as she lay on her lawn chair soaking up the sun.
	About half an hour later, Cheryl got up and casually sauntered up to the fence separating the two yards.
	"Hi, I'm Cheryl," she said with a coy smile.
	"Hi there.  I'm Jake, Jen's brother-in-law."
	"Nice to meet you.  I can't believe Jen's been hiding such a good-looking relative from me.  Why don't you come over for a glass of lemonade?"
	"Why not?"
	Jake went to the front yard and around the fence to Cheryl's house.  She met him at the front of her house and led him inside.  Jake closed the door behind them as they entered the house, admiring her ass as she walked ahead of him.  As Cheryl walked forward, she untied and removed her bikini top.  She then turned around, revealing her firm, round breasts to Jake.  Watching him staring at her tits, she squeezed her nipples with her fingers.
	"So, do you still want lemonade, or do you see something else you'd rather have?"
	"I gotta admit, you've got a great body, but I am a married man."  Even as he was saying this, Jake couldn't take his eyes off of Cheryl's tits.
	"So what?  I'm a married woman."
	"Which is another reason why we should stop now."
	"Are you sure you want to stop?"  As she said this, she slowly slid her panties down her legs and stepped out of them.
	Jake stared at her neatly trimmed bush as she spread her legs slightly and ran her middle finger along her pussy lips.  She continued to slowly play with herself as she walked up to Jake, kissing his neck and rubbing his cock through his shorts with her other hand.  He was already stiff and hard from the sight of her naked body.
	Without saying a word, Cheryl slid down Jake's body as she dropped to her knees.  She pulled his bermuda shorts down around his ankles and slid her mouth around his cock.  Jake thought for about half a second that maybe he should stop her, then quickly dismissed the thought and pulled off his T-shirt, dropping it onto the ground next to him.
	Cheryl slid her mouth off of Jake's cock and took his balls into her mouth, sucking on them lightly.  Jake moaned, stroking her hair.  Cheryl let his balls fall out of her mouth, and he lightly grabbed her shoulders, pulling her up into a standing position.
	"Enough of that.  I want to get a taste of that sweet pussy of yours."
	"My pleasure."  Cheryl kissed him passionately on the lips, then led him over to the couch.  Sitting down, she took a leg in each hand and lifted them up to into the air, spreading them as wide as she could.
	Jake buried his face in Cheryl's crotch, sliding his tongue deep into her twat.  Cheryl's breathing became faster and more erratic as Jake pleasured her pussy, lightly brushing her clit with his tongue before sticking first two and then three fingers into her cunt, finger-fucking her hard and fast.  Cheryl moaned and groaned, squeezing her breasts with her hands.
	There was a knock at the door that went completely unnoticed.  Then the door slowly opened and the poolman came into the house.  He was about to call out to see if anyone was home, when he saw the two on the couch.  He quietly walked to a corner of the room where he could get a good view of the action.  Unbuttoning his jeans, he pulled out his cock and slowly stroked it as he watched Jake eating Cheryl's pussy.
	Cheryl pushed Jake away from her cunt.  "I want that cock in me.  I want you to fuck me."
	Just as Jake stood up, Cheryl turned and saw the poolman standing by the wall jerking off.  She didn't say a word, but simply watched him as Jake pushed his cock into her pussy, thrusting in and out in a slow, steady pace.  She wrapped her legs around his ass, thrusting her hips against him as he thrust into her.  Jake leaned forward and sucked one of her nipples into her mouth.
	Cheryl beckoned the poolman forward with her finger.  He removed his clothes as he walked around to the back of the couch.  Jake saw him as he stepped up to the couch.  Cheryl slid his cock into her mouth, running her tongue around the shaft as she bobbed up and down on it.
	The poolman looked down at Jake.  "Hi, I'm David.  I clean the pool."
	"I'm Jake.  I'm visiting relatives next door.  I assume you and Cheryl have done this before."
	"Oh, yeah.  I clean the pool once a month, more often if Cheryl's feeling horny.  This is the first time she was already with another guy, though."

	"You don't mind, do you?"
	"Not at all."
	Jake continued thrusting in and out of Cheryl's twat as they talked.  Cheryl took no notice of their conversation, continuing to lick and suck David's cock.  It didn't take long before she reached her first orgasm, her love juices flowing down her legs.
	Cheryl looked up at the two men and smiled, flashing her white teeth.  "That was great.  But now I want both of you fucking me."
	David returned her smile.  "So who gets which hole?"
	"Well...Jake's already had my pussy today, so I guess it's your turn.  You don't mind taking my ass, do you Jake?"
	"Not at all.  I'd love a shot at that fine ass of yours."
	Jake and Cheryl got off the couch, and David lay down on his back.  Cheryl straddled his waist, slowly sliding down onto his prick.  She leaned forward, and David immediately took one of her breasts into his mouth, fondling the other with his hand.  Jake, meanwhile, positioned himself behind the two of them.  His cock was already slick from Cheryl's pussy juices, and he had no difficulty sliding into her ass.  Even though it was much tighter than her pussy, Jake could tell she had taken it up the ass before.
	The two men soon timed their thrusts to be in unison, and
were humping away at Cheryl's two holes.  Cheryl moaned loadly, running her hands along Davids firm, broad chest, curling her fingers in his thick chest hair.
	"Oh, God yes, fuck me.  Fuck me, both of you.  Oh, I'm gonna cum.  Yes, yes!!"
	Cheryl climaxed for a second time, writhing and jerking between the two men.  This caused them to increase their efforts, both thrusting into her as hard and fast as they could.  They could both feel themself reaching orgasm, and neither was holding anything back.


	While Cheryl was getting thoroughly fucked by the two men, Megan was walking along the side of the house, looking for her husband.  She was on her way to knock on the door and see if he was inside when she happened to glance in a window, and saw the three on the couch.  She didn't recognize Jake at first, and stood watching the three of them fucking, wishing she were the lucky woman between those two virile studs.
	Then Jake turned toward the window, and Megan recognized him with a sudden shock.  She stood wide-eyed, staring in disbelief.  As she watched, Jake pulled his cock out of the woman's ass and shot his cum all over her back.  This was too much for Megan.  She ran back to Jen's house, sobbing.


	Jake could hold out no longer.  He pulled his cock out of Cheryl's ass just as his seed burst forth, spraying jism all over Cheryl's back and ass.  His second spurt shot even farther, cum landing in Cheryl's hair as well as on her back.  David gave a few more quick thrusts before he came as well, blowing his wad inside Cheryl's cunt.  The cum filled her up, flowing out of her pussy and down David's shaft.
	Jake stepped away from the couch and collapsed onto the floor next to it, his breathing heavy.  Cheryl collapsed against David's chest, snuggling up next to him.  She stretched her hand down and caressed Jake's cheek, smiling contentedly at him.
	"You two were great.  You'll have to come visit me more often, Jake."
	"I just might do that.  But now, I think I'd better get back before anyone misses me."
	"Do you have to go already?"
	"I'm afraid so.  I'm sure you two will be fine without me."
	"Oh, I'm sure we will, once David's had a few minutes to recover."  David only smiled as she kissed him lightly on the cheek, rubbing his limp prick.
	Jake got up and put his clothes on.  Closing the door on his way out, he took one last look back, and saw Cheryl on her knees on the floor, sucking David's prick back to erectness.  He laughed to himself as he closed the door.


	Megan ran back to the house, crying.  She couldn't believe Jake had fucked that another woman.  She sat down at the kitchen table, her head dropping onto her arms.  Jen walked in, and was startled at her sister's state.
	"What's the matter, Megan?"
	"It's Jake."
	"What about him?"
	"I just saw him next door, fucking some bitch!"
	"Yeah, that's Cheryl.  She is kind of a slut.  Of course you know, there's only one way to get even with him."
	"What do you mean?"
	"You need to cheat on him right back!  And I know the perfect guy."
	"Who?"
	"Fred."
	"Your son Fred?"
	"Why not?  Admit it, he is a hunk!"
	"Jen!  That's your own son you're talking about!"
	"I know."
	"You haven't...?"
	"Fucked him?  As a matter of fact, I have.  And it was fabulous!  Come on, you'll love it.  Trust me, it's just the thing to cheer you up."
	"Jen, I don't know."
	"Don't argue.  I'll arrange everything."
	Jen immediately went and talked with Fred.  He was all in favor of it.  He had long been attracted to his aunt, and he had no intention of turning down the chance to fuck her.  He also wouldn't mind another chance at his mom.
	"We just have to get rid of everyone tomorrow afternoon."  Jen told her son as the planned the event.
	They planned everything.  Jake would spend the day with Sam at his office.  Grandma and Grandpa would would spend the day touring the city, and Trish and Marie would spend the afternoon at the mall.  The only person left was Joel.
	"So what do we do about Joel?"  Jen asked Fred.
	"Why not have him join us?  Make a foursome out of it."
	"Now why didn't I think of that?  Do you think Joel will go for it, though?"
	"Don't worry.  I'll take care of it.  Just be waiting in your room tomorrow afternoon with Aunt Megan."
	"We'll be eagerly awaiting you."


	That night, Joel and Fred stayed awake late, hoping their grandmother would make a return visit.  Unknown to them, she was joining Grandpa in the girls' room that night.  Joel was especially disappointed that she didn't show up.
	"I was really looking forward to actually getting to fuck her pussy tonight."
	"Don't worry about it," Fred reassured him, "I've got some seriously hot pussy lined up for us tomorrow."
	"Oh really?  Who?"
	"It's a surprise.  You'll just have to wait and see."


	Grandma, meanwhile, was about to follow her husband into Trish and Marie's room.  Grandpa was really nervous about the whole thing, but he knew there was no way to talk her out of it.  They left their bedroom, and saw that the light in the girls' room was on.  Grandpa went first, slowly pushing the door open and walking in.  The two girls, sitting on the bed in their nighties chatting, smiled brightly when he entered the room.
	Their smiles quickly disappeared as Grandma entered the room.  Their eyes widened, and the girls sat staring at their mother, both scared to death of what she would say.  Their fear turned to confusion when she shut and locked the door.
	Grandma sat down on the bed next to Trish, then reached out and caressed one of her breasts through the sheer fabric of her nightie.  "You don't mind if I join you tonight, do you?  I don't want your grandpa to have the fun."
	Grandma leaned over and kissed Trish on the neck, then started nibbling on her ear.  Her hand continued to massage Trish's breast.  Trish returned the favor, squeezing Grandma's tits.  She played with them briefly, then lifted Grandma's face to her own and kissed her lips.  She was somewhat surprised when Grandma pushed her tongue into her mouth, but quickly responded in kind, and the two passionately French kissed.
	Marie sat quietly on the bed, watching in amazement as the other two women made out.  Grandpa, on the other hand, had no intention of just watching.  He had removed his pajamas, and sat on the bed next to Marie.  Spreading her legs, he put his head in her crotch and kissed her pussy through her panties.  Marie lay back, fondling her breasts while Grandpa pulled off her panties so that he could get better access to her pussy.
	Trish and Grandma broke away from each other long enough to take their clothes off.  They immediately went back to kissing and fondling each other.
	"God, Grandma, I can't believe how hot your body is!"
	Grandma smiled.  "You're pretty hot yourself, honey.  Now let me get a taste of that sweet pussy of yours."
	"Only if I can do you too, Grandma."
	The two women got on the bed next to Marie and Grandpa.  Grandma lay on her back, while Trish lay on top of her.  They licked and sucked each other's pussies.  While they were going at it, Grandpa pulled off Marie's nightie, then pushed his cock into her pussy and fucked her hard and fast.
	Grandma was the first to cum, moaning and writhing under Trish's tongue.  She buried her face in Trish's cunt, pushing her tongue in as far as she could until Trish came as well.  Trish climbed off of Grandma, who turned kissed Marie.  Marie kissed and licked her face, tasting Trish's juices on her.  Grandpa continued to pump in and out of Marie until he climaxed, filling her twat with his cum.
	Grandpa pulled out of Marie and collapsed next to her, gasping for breath.  Trish and Grandma wasted no time in getting between Marie's legs, licking and sucking all of Grandpa's cum out of her twat.  This was too much for Marie, and she climaxed as well, moaning and writhing under the tongues of the other women.
	Grandma fondled Grandpa's limp prick.  "It looks like your Grandpa's out of action, girls.  I guess we'll just have to go on without him."
	The three women fell together on the bed; kissing, licking, sucking, and fingering each other with reckless abandon.  Once all three were completely spent, Grandma and Grandpa picked up their clothes and returned to their room, where they collapsed on their bed and were soon asleep.  Marie and Trish followed suit, sleeping contentedly in each other's arms.


	The next day, Jen waited patiently as the various members of the family left the house.  She then went into guest room being used by Megan and Jake.  Megan sat cross-legged on the bed, her hands folded in her lap.  She looked up nervously as Jen entered the room.
	"I can't believe I'm about to do this."
	Jen smiled, sitting on the bed next to her.  "Don't worry about it.  You're going to enjoy every minute of it.  Trust me on this.  Now let's get ready for the boys."
	When Fred and Joel entered the room about twenty minutes later, the two women were sitting side by side on the bed, completely naked.  Megan still looked very nervous, but Jen was completely at ease.  Fred smiled as he saw them sitting there.  Joel, on the other hand, stopped in the doorway, his eyes wide.
	"What the hell's going on, Fred?" he asked in dismay.
	"I told you we were going to fuck two hot babes, didn't I?  Now you can't tell me that these aren't two hot babes."
	Walking up to the bed, Fred kissed his mother on the lips.  Then he turned his attention to Megan.  Without saying a word, he caressed her breast, squeezing the nipple between his thumb and forefinger.  Megan didn't respond, but she didn't pull away, either.  Fred took that as a good sign.
	Joel was still standing in the doorway.  Even after what happened with Grandma, he still felt weird having sex with one of his relatives, even one as sexy as Aunt Jen.  He simply stood there as she got up and walked over to him.  Taking his hand, she led him to the bed, where she started to undress him.  Once he was naked, she dropped to her knees, taking his cock into her mouth.  She could feel it stiffen as she ran her tongue over it.
	Fred was sucking on Megan's nipples, while running his hand along her smooth stomach.  He could feel her body reacting, her nipples getting hard.  Her breath quickened.
	"Oh, Fred," she moaned.
	Megan pulled off Fred's shirt, then unbuttoned his pants and pulled them and his underwear off.  Fred continued to kiss and caress her breasts.  Once his clothes were off, Fred moved down, kissing his way down her stomach to her pussy.  Megan lay back, spreading her legs.  Her nervousness quickly fled as Fred ran his tongue along her pussy lips.
	Fred spread her pussy lips open, pushing his tongue deep inside her.  He lightly rubbed her clit.  Then he pulled his tongue out of her and inserted two fingers into, rapidly finger-fucking her while sucking on her clit.  Megan's moans grew louder and more high-pitched.
	"Lick my asshole, Fred," she moaned.  "Lick it.  Please!"
	Fred ran his tongue along her clit, then slit it down her vagina, going farther down till he reached her asshole.  He ran his tongue around the puckered hole, then pushed it inside as deep as he could.  Megan's moans turned to loud screams of ecstasy as she climaxed, grounding her ass against Fred's face.
	Jen and Joel had gotten onto the bed next to them, and were engaged in a wild, frenzied 69.  Jen was on top, bobbing up and down on Joel's cock, while Joel licked and sucked her twat.  Jen stopped to look up at Megan when she started screaming in orgasm.
	"So, Megan, do you regret making it with your nephew?"
	"Not at all," Megan answered breathlessly.  "And as soon as I catch my breath, I'm going to return the favor."
	"Why don't you do both of them?"  Jen got off of Joel, who sat up on the bed.
	"Sounds great!"
	Fred and Joel stood at the end of the bed.  Megan got on her knees on the bed, smiling as she looked at the two stiff pricks in front of her.  Taking one in each hand, she slowly jerked the two off.  Then she slipped Fred's into her mouth, licking and sucking on it while continued to pump her hand up and down Joel's shaft.  Then she switched, sucking Joel's cock while jerking off Fred.
	Jen sat on the floor, watching the action.  Her fingers slowly caressed her clit.  As the action heated up on the bed, her fingers moved faster and faster.  She slipped two fingers from one hand inside her cunt, while continuing to rub her clit with the other.  It was soon to much for her, and she came, moaning loudly.
	Megan, meanwhile, had taken both cocks into her mouth, licking and sucking the heads while stroking the shafts.  Jen got up and sat next to her on the bed.  She took Joel's cock and pumped it rapidly up and down.  Megan did the same with Fred's.  Joel came first, spurting his seed all other the faces of the two women.  Fred came just a few strokes later, shooting his load into Megan's mouth.
	Jen quickly turned and grabbed Megan's chin, turning her face towards her so that she could kiss her.  She stuck her tongue into Megan's mouth, sucking out Fred's jism.  Megan returned the kiss with equal vigor.  The women licked the cum off of each other's faces, kissing and licking each other.
	Jen and Megan lay side by side on their backs on the bed, wrapping their arms around each other.  They both spread their legs apart, smiling up at the boys.
	"Come on," Jen said, "what are you waiting for?"
	Joel and Fred looked at each other, then turned and looked down the two naked women in front of them.  Fred got on the bed on top of Megan, sliding his dick into her warm and wet pussy.  Joel followed his example, sticking his prick into Jen and thrusting away at her.  They fucked the women hard and fast.  All four of them were soon groaning and moaning.
	"God, that feels good," Megan moaned, "but I want it from behind!  Come on, Jen."
	"Sounds good to me!"
	The boys got off the women so that they could get on their hands and knees.  Joel immediately stuck his cock back into Jen's cunt and started working away.  Fred, on the other hand, had different plans.  Putting his head to Megan's tight little asshole, he slowly eased it inside.
	"Oh, oh yes!!" Megan shouted.  "Fuck my ass, Fred!"
	Fred started slow, but soon was humping away at Megan's ass.  Megan responded by pushing her ass up against him.  She grunted and groan, writhing underneath him.  She climaxed quickly.  Jen, who was frantically rubbing her clit while Joel fucked her, climaxed as well.
	They continued fucking wildly.  Joel reached forward and grabbed Jen's breasts, squeezing them roughly as he shot his load deep into her twat.  The two of them collapsed onto the bed.  Fred thrust hard into Megan's ass several more times, then he came as well, spurting his cum deep into her ass.  Megan slumped onto the bed, breathing deeply.  Fred lay down next to her, kissing her lightly on the shoulder.
	As much as they wanted to continue, all of them knew that they had little time left before the rest of the family started returning, so they quickly got cleaned up and dressed.  Megan gave both boys a deep kiss, telling them that she couldn't wait to fuck them again.  Then she kissed Jen, fondling her breasts through her shirt.
	"Thanks, sis," she whispered in her ear, "I can't tell you how much I enjoyed this."
	"My pleasure," Jen replied.


	"I still can't believe it happened," Joel told Fred that night in their room.
	"Yeah, it was pretty wild, wasn't it."
	"Man, I wish we could do that again tonight!  Hell, I'd even be happy if Grandma stopped by tonight."
	"Somehow, I don't think she will.  I think I've got a solution to our problem, though."
	"What do you have in mind?"
	Fred smiled.  "Let's wander over to the girls' room and see what they're up to."
	"Trish and Marie?  Come on, you don't actually think we'll convince our own sisters to have sex, do you?"
	"I don't see why not."  Fred laughed.  "Hell, they're the only women in the house we haven't fucked yet."
	Joel laughed as well.  "You're right about that.  Hell, what's to lose.  Do me a favor, though.  Let's be a little discreet, okay.  Last thing we need is for them to start screaming and wake the whole house up."
	"You've got a point there.  We'll act like we just want to talk, then see how things go.  Come on, let's go."

	Meanwhile, Grandma and Grandpa were getting ready for bed.  "So, you planning on visiting for granddaughters again?" Grandma asked as she climbed into bed.
	"No, I've got a better idea," he said, removing his clothes and getting into bed.  "Tonight, I decided it'd be just you and me.  Last night reminded me of how sexy you are."
	"Me too.  Come here."  The two kissed passionately, holding each other close.

	Trish and Marie sat on their bed, talking about the previous night's encounter.  "So, do you think Grandma will come along again tonight?" Marie asked.
	"I certainly hope so," Trish replied with a smile.
	"Me too."
	There was a quiet knock on the door.  The two girls looked at each other, uncertain as to why Grandpa decided to knock this time, since he had simply come in the other nights.
	"Come on in," Trish said eagerly.
	They were both very surprised when Fred and Joel came into the room.  Fred closed the door behind them.  "What's up?"
	"What the hell do you two want?" Trish asked.  Both girls were giving the boys dirty looks.
	"Gee, you sure sounded friendlier when you told us to come in," Joel said.
	"What, were expecting someone else?" Fred asked.
	The two girls both looked shocked.  "What are you talking about?" Marie said.  "Who would we be expecting?"
	"We weren't expecting anyone, so why don't you leave?" Trish told them.
	Fred looked at the two girls.  Suddenly he had a sneaky suspicion that they were expecting someone, and he thought he knew who.  He decided to play his hunch, and see if he could get the girls to admit to it.
	"You can't fool me.  You were expecting Grandpa, weren't you?"
	"Why would we be expecting Grandpa?"  Trish asked.
	Fred could tell by the sound of her voice, however, that she was hiding something.  "Well, you were probably going to fuck him, weren't you?"
	The two girls looked shocked.  Joel looked shocked as well.  "What the hell are you talking about, Fred?"
	"I'm right, aren't I?  Just look at their faces, Joel.  That explains why they sounded so eager for us to come in, until they found out who it was.  That's probably why Grandma came by the other night and took her clothes off.  I'll bet she caught Grandpa with these two and decided to get even.  Tell me I'm wrong!  Go ahead, Trish, deny it."
	"Okay, you're right.  We have been fucking Grandpa.  What are you going to do, tell  Mom and Dad?"  Trish stared defiantly up at him.
	Fred only smiled.  "Oh, I don't think that'll be necessary.  Joel and I have a few secrets of our own, don't we Joel?"
	"You're not going to tell them, are you?"
	"Why not, Joel?" Fred replied.  "Hell, with any luck, we'll get a repeat performance with our sisters, here."
	"What are babbling about, Fred?" Marie asked.
	"Well, like I said, Grandma came to our room the other night and took her clothes off, so we fucked her.  Not only that, but this afternoon, we got with Mom and Megan and had a nice little foursome."
	The girls simply stared.  "You're full of shit!  I don't believe a word of it,"  Trish said.
	"You can believe it or not.  I don't really care.  I just want to know how horny you are."
	"What?!" Jen asked.
	"Well, Grandpa doesn't look like he's going to show up, so I figured maybe we could fill in.  I'll bet Joel and I can satisfy you better than Grandpa could."
	"We'll see about that."  Jen pulled her nightie off and tossed it on the floor.  Her panties quickly followed.
	"God, Jen, I always knew you had a body, but never imagined you were this hot."
	Fred wrapped his arms around his sister, kissing her passionately on the lips.  She responded to his kiss, rubbing her body against his.  She could feel his cock getting stiff inside his pajamas.  She slid her hand down inside his underwear, rubbing his cock and fondling his balls.  They broke off their kiss, and she turned to look at Marie.
	"Well, what are you waiting for?  Get those clothes off and let Joel get a good look at you."
	Marie did just that.  By time she got undressed, Joel was naked as well, and was joining her on the bed.  The two kissed deeply, while Joel caressed Marie's breasts tenderly.  Fred and Trish got naked as well, and joined them on the bed.  The four bodies entangled on the bed, kissing and caressing each other.
	"God, you girls are sexy," Fred said, running his tongue over Trish's breast.
	Fred got between Trish's legs and started eating her out, pushing his tongue deep into her cunt and sucking her clit.  Next to them, Marie was running her tongue along Joel's cock.  She sucked each of his balls into her mouth, then started sucking his cock.  Joel simply lay there enjoying it for a while, then he grabbed her hips and pulled her around so that she lay on top of him in a 69 position.  She groaned as he ran his tongue over her clit, sucking even harder on his shaft.
	Fred continued to lick Trish's twat, occasionally sliding his mouth lower to tongue her asshole.  Trish's moans grew loudly every time he did this.  Then Fred brought his fingers to play, sticking two of them into her twat while slowly pushing his thumb into her asshole.  This was too much for Trish, and she had a violent orgasm, bucking wildly on the bed and filling Fred's mouth with love juice.
	At this point, Fred moved up her body, kissing her stomach and breasts, until he was face to face with her.  Trish kissed his face all over, tasting her pussy on him.  Then she gasped as Fred slammed his cock into her cunt, thrusting into her with hard, fast strokes.  It was all she could do to keep from shouting out from the pleasure she was feeling.
	Marie took one last suck on Joel's cock, then sat up.  "I want you in my pussy!"
	"Fine by me, sis.  I can't wait to feel your cunt wrapped around my cock."
	Turning around, Marie positioned herself over top Joel's cock.  Stroking it a few times she slowly lowered herself onto it, savoring the feel of it pushing up into her.  Grinding her ass against his hips, she rose it up even more slowly, getting into a nice, slow, steady rhythm.  Joel gritted his teeth, breathing rapidly as his sister moved up and down on his cock.  He reached his hands up to her breasts, pinching her nipples between his fingers, feeling them get stiff.
	Turning her head to the side, Trish ran her tongue along Joel's ear.  He turned to face her as well, and the two engaged in a deep, wet kiss, their tongues intertwining.  Their partners continued to fuck them.  Then Fred looked over at Marie, watching her rocking up and down on top of Joel.
	"Hey, what are you doing?" Trish asked indignantly as Fred pulled out of her.
	"I think it's time to swap partners," he replied, grinning.
	Fred slid his hands up Marie's sides, kissing her neck and sucking on her earlobe.  Marie turned and kissed Fred on the lips while continuing to ride Joel's cock.  Fred gently lifted her off of her brother.  Sitting on the end of the bed, he sat Marie in his lap.  Wrapping her legs around his waist, she lifted herself enough to get his cock positioned beneath her pussy.  Dropping onto his cock, she rocked her hips up and down, moving much faster than she had been while fucking Joel.
	Joel rolled onto his side, pulling Trish up against him.  Turning her away from him, he ran his hand down her back, caressing her ass and pushing his middle finger into her twat.  It was soaking wet.  Joel brought his hand up to Trish's face.  She sucked his finger into her mouth, tasting herself.  Lifting Trish's leg, Joel slid his cock into her wet and ready pussy.  The two cousins lay on their sides, Joel's chest pressed firmly against Trish's back as his cock slid in and out of her cunt.
	Fred was sucking on Marie's tits, thrusting his hips up to meet her downward thrusts.  Marie moaned, running her fingers through Fred's hair.  She thrust harder and harder against his cock till she climaxed, gasping for breath and biting her lip to keep from shouting as her body spasmed on top of her cousin.  Fred grabbed her ass and squeezed, giving her several more hard thrusts before shooting his cum inside of her.
	Joel slid his arms around Trish, fondling her breast with one hand with rubbing her clit with the other.  He ran his tongue along her neck, sucking on her earlobe.  Trish ran her hands along Joel's ass, massaging his cheeks.
	"Oh God, Joel, that feels so good," Trish sighed.  "Fuck me baby.  Fuck me good."
	Joel could feel Trish nearing climax, and increased his tempo.  Soon the two were writhing and bucking against each other in mutual climax.  Joel groaned as his jism filled Trish's cunt.  Then he slowly slid out of her, lying on his back, breathing heavily.  Trish rolled over and lay on top of him, resting her head on his chest.
	Fred and Marie joined them on the bed, Fred lying next to Trish while Marie lay next to Joel.  The four of them snuggled for several minutes.  Fred casually caressed Trish's skin, running his hand along her side.
	"Do you know what I want to see?" he asked.
	Trish turned her head to look at him.  "I'm afraid to ask."
	"I'm not!"  Marie smiled wickedly.  "What do you want to see, Fred?"
	"I want to see you two girls go down on each other."
	"Yeah, me too!" Joel quickly agreed.
	Trish looked over at Marie.  "What do you say?  Should we put on a show for the boys?"
	"Sounds like fun."
	Joel and Fred sat on the edge of the bed to watch the show.  Trish lay on her back, while Marie straddled her face, lying on top of each other.  The two boys sat there, slowly stroking their cocks as they watched the show.  The girls went at it with gusto, licking and sucking at each other's twats.  Trish moved her tongue from Marie's pussy up to her asshole.  Marie jerked as Trish pushed her tongue into Marie's asshole.
	"Oh, yeah, tongue my ass, you sexy bitch!"
	It didn't take long for the two girls to bring each other to climax.  By that time, both Fred and Joel were stiff again, and ready for action.  Marie looked up from Trish's cunt.  "So what do you want to do next?"
	Fred shrugged his shoulders.  "I don't know.  What do you think Joel?"
	"I think I'd like my sister's sweet mouth on my prick."
	Marie smiled.  "Why, Joel, you naughty boy.  How dare you say such terrible things about your sister."  She moved her head over to where Joel was sitting on the bed.  "I can't believe you want me to wrap my lips around that big cock of yours."
	Marie kissed his shaft, then ran her tongue along the vein on its underside.  Joel clenched his fists, groaning with pleasure.  Marie placed several kisses on his head before taking it into her mouth.  She sucked more and more of his cock into her mouth, until her lips were touching his pubes.  She slowly slid his cock back out of her mouth, leaving it slick and glistening with saliva.
	"Why don't we get a little more comfortable?" she said.
	"I want you on your back, Marie, so I can continue sucking on your pussy."
	"My pleasure, Trish."
	Marie lay on her back.  Joel straddled her chest, pushing his cock back into her mouth.  Trish buried her head between Marie's legs, sliding her tongue along her pussy lips and sucking on her clit.  Fred simply watched for a few minutes, then got between Trish's legs.  He caressed her ass, then bent down and kissed her cheeks.  He ran his fingers along her pussy, pushing his middle finger inside of her.
	Trish lifted her head from Marie's cunt.  "Come on, Fred, don't tease me like that.  I want your cock in me."
	"You got it, sis."
	Fred slid his cock into Trish's cunt, grabbing her ass cheeks and slamming his cock in and out of her.  The four impassioned cousins went at each other with wild abandon.  Marie bobbed rapidly up and down on Joel's cock, while he reached back to play with her tits.  Trish licked and sucked Marie's twat, then inserted two fingers into her, rapidly finger-fucking her while sucking her clit.  The middle finger of her other hand she pushed into her asshole.  Fred slammed his dick in and out of Trish hard and fast.
	Marie was the first to climax.  Trish's fingers in her pussy and asshole were too much for her, and she quickly reached orgasm, filling Trish's mouth with her juices.  Joel came almost right after her, his cum spurting into Marie's mouth.  She swallowed all of it, sucking every last drop out of his cock.
	Watching the other's coming encouraged Fred to increase his pace.  It didn't take long for him to cum as well, shooting his seed into his sister's twat.  This brought on Trish's orgasm as well, and she buried her face in Marie's crotch to keep from crying out.  Fred collapsed onto Trish, who was resting her head on Marie's stomach.
	They all collapsed in each other's arms, enjoying the post-orgasmic bliss.  After a few minutes, the boys went back to Fred's room, kissing the girls goodnight.  All four of them slept very soundly that night.


	Aunt Anne and Uncle Frank arrived the next day.  Everyone was glad to see them.  Of course, some of them looked at their relatives in a brand new light.  Since there were only two spare bedrooms, both of which were already occupied, Anne and Frank would be sleeping in Fred's room.  Fred and Joel would be sleeping in the basement.  The basement was composed of two rooms:  one large main room that Sam used for an exercise room, and a small laundry room that was connected to it.
	That night, Fred and Joel moved all of Sam's exercise equipment to one side of the room, setting their sleeping bags on the carpeted floor.  They lay in their sleeping bags talking.  About an hour after they had gone down to the basement, Trish and Marie came down the stairs.
	"Now what are you two doing down here?" Fred asked.
	"What do you think?"  Marie replied.
	Joel smiled.  "I certainly hoping you're thinking what I think you're thinking."
	"Actually," Trish said, "that's not why we came down.  Well, it's not the only reason we came down, anyway."
	Fred looked at her, puzzled.  "What do you mean?"
	The girls sat on the sleeping bags next to their brothers.  "Marie and I were talking today about everything that's been going the past few days.  Now, you said you and Joel had sex with Mom and Aunt Megan, and with Grandma.  Any other little incest encounters you didn't tell us about last night?"
	"Yeah, Mom and Cheryl came by the other day and we had a wild threesome."
	"You've done it with Mom twice?!"  Trish asked in surprise.
	Fred smiled.  "That's right."
	Trish continued, "And Marie and I have had sex with Grandpa and Grandma."
	It was Joel's turn to be shocked.  "You had sex with Grandpa AND Grandma?"
	It was Marie who responded to his question.  "Yeah, night before last, Grandma joined Grandpa in our room.  It was an amazing night.  I still can't believe how wild Grandma is."
	"Tell me about it, sis.  I can't believe it, either."
	"Okay, so now we know who's fucked who.  What's the point?" Fred asked.
	"Well, out of the twelve family members here for this reunion, eight of us have committed incest.  That's a pretty scary number if you think about it."
	"Maybe so.  But I ask again, what's your point?"
	"My point is this:  with two thirds of us having already done it, why not get the other four to do it, then we can see about bringing everybody together, have us a big family orgy."
	"Yeah, we can make this a family reunion to remember!" Marie added enthusiastically.
	"Okay, but how are we going to get the others involved, especially our parents.  Somehow I just don't see them getting having anything to do with it.  And then we've got to get everyone to admit they've done it in order to get them to do it all together," Joel said.
	"Getting them all together won't be a problem," Fred said.  "All we've got to do is get everyone together and just announce to them all who's done what.  They can't exactly deny it.  Then we just go from there."
	"But what about the others?"  Marie asked.  "Joel's right.  There's no way in hell that our parents would go for something like that."
	"Okay, we'll save them for last.  That leaves our dad and Uncle Jake," Trish said.  "How do we want to handle them?"
	"Leave Uncle Jake to me," Marie said.  "I've always wondered what he looked like naked.  Besides, you know he'd go for it; he'll sleep with anyone.  Sometimes I wonder why Aunt Megan's still married to him."
	"You're right about that," Fred said.  "That's probably why she and Mom fucked me and Joel, to get back at Jake.  Okay, Marie will take care of him.  I guess that means you get to seduce Dad, Trish.  Think you can handle it?"
	"I'm sure I can manage."
	"If you want, we could mention our plan to Mom.  I'll bet she could help you set something up.  Maybe even a threesome."
	"A threesome, huh?  That does sound fun.  We'll talk to her tomorrow.  Which leaves Aunt Anne and Uncle Frank."
	"How about this," Fred said, "Tomorrow night I can walk in their all of a sudden, pretend I need to get something or other.  With any luck they'll be having sex, and I'll see if I can join them.  Maybe I'll get lucky."
	"I doubt it," Joel said.  "Not with our parents."
	"I don't know," Marie said.  "Dad would never go for it, but I think Mom might be persuaded, if she were properly seduced."
	"But what about Dad?" Joel asked.
	"Don't worry about him," said Trish.  "If nothing else, we can get everyone else into it, then see what we can do with him once we get everybody together for the orgy.  But go ahead with your plan anyway, Fred, just in case."
	"Hey, that means I don't get to sleep with anyone," Joel said indignantly.
	Marie ran her hand up his leg, resting it on his crotch.  "Ah, is poor baby feeling left out?  Is there anything that dear sister can do to help?"
	"Just keep doing what you're doing."
	That was all it took to get everyone in the mood for some fucking.  Everyone quickly got out of their pajamas, and climbed into the sleeping bags, brother and sister together.  Joel lay on top of his Marie, sliding his cock into her already wet pussy.  She wrapped her arms and legs around him as they thrust wildly against each other inside the sleeping bag.
	Trish and Fred lay in another sleeping bag right next to them.  Trish was on top of Fred, lying across him as she slid her pussy up and down on his cock.  The two couples fucked each other in reckless abandon until everyone had come.  The girls, as much as they wanted to stay where they were, got up and put there nightgowns back on, and returned to Trish's room.
	The next day, they put their plan into action.  Fred and Trish went to talk to Jen, to get her help with Sam.  Marie would seduce Jake, and even Joel was able to help.  His job was to keep Megan occupied while Marie was with Jake.

	Fred and Trish cornered Jen right after breakfast, and took her into her bedroom where they could talk to her privately.  She was more than a just a little curious as to what her children had to talk to her about that had to been done privately.  She sat down on her bed, crossing her legs and looking up at Fred and Trish.  She smiled up at Fred, thinking of their two previous encounters, and wondering when the next one would be.
	"Okay, kids, you've got me.  So what do you want to tell me that no one else can know about?"
	"First of all, I'd just like to say that I'm shocked that you would sleep with your own son!" Trish said in the most shocked and indignant voice she could muster.  Jen simply stared up at her, unable to say anything.  Trish smiled brightly.  "I'd also like to compliment you on your taste of men.  Fred is an amazing lover."
	Jen's eyes widened.  She looked from Trish to Fred, who simply smiled at her.  "You two have been having sex?"
	It was Fred's turn to smile.  "Not just us.  It's a good thing you're sitting down.  Have I got a story for you!"
	Fred and Trish proceeded to reveal to Jen everything that had been going on for the past several days, as well as their plans for the rest of the family.  Jen's initial shock quickly turned to interest, then to excitement.  She was more than willing to help Trish in seducing Sam, and even suggested a threesome.
	"I was hoping you'd say that," Trish said.
	"So when do you want to do it?" Jen asked.
	"How about tonight?"
	"Sounds great.  Well, let's get back before people start wondering what's going on."

	Joel cornered Megan that afternoon.  "Hi, Aunt Megan.  Doing anything?"
	"Not right at the moment, why?"
	"Oh, I just thought you might like to go down to the basement with me."
	Megan smiled.  "And just why would I want to do that?"
	"Because no one's likely to come down there and bother us."
	"And just what did you have in mind?"
	It was Joel's turn to smile.  "You'll just have to come downstairs with me and find out, won't you."
	Megan laughed, taking Joel's arm in hers.  "Then lead the way, dear nephew."
	They went down to the basement.  Joel closed and locked the door behind them, then took Megan in his arms, kissing her passionately.  Megan responded to his kiss, pushing her tongue into his mouth.  Joel's hands fondled Megan's breasts through her shirt.  She wasn't wearing a bra, and he could feel her nipples stiffening.
	They broke their kiss long enough to remove their clothes.  Joel then lay Megan down on his sleeping bag on the floor.  He kissed her lips again, then worked his way down her body.  He kissed her neck, then her shoulders, then his breasts.  He took his time there, licking and sucking her nipples.  He fondled her breasts with his hands as he kissed his way down her stomach, until her reached her bush.  Then he slid his hands down her body, spreading her legs to give him easy access to her twat.

	While Joel was about to go down on his aunt, Marie was looking for her Uncle Jake.  She waited until he went into his bedroom, then followed him in, closing and locking the door behind her.
	Jake turned and looked at his niece.  "What's with locking the door, Marie?"
	"I wanted to make sure we weren't interrupted."  Without another word, Marie started undressing, never taking her eyes off of Jake.
	Jake sat down on the bed, watching Marie intently.  He had fantasized several times about both of his nieces.  Despite having a very attractive and sexy wife, Jake had a habit of enjoying other women whenever he had a chance.  As far as he knew, Megan hadn't ever found out about any of his indiscretions.
	Marie sat on Jake's lap, wrapping her legs around his waist.  She pushed his head down to her breasts.  He took one of her nipples into his mouth while fondling her tits.  Marie rubbed her crotch against Jake's, feeling his cock stiffen inside his jeans.
	"You like what you see?" she whispered in his ear.
	"Lie down on the bed and I'll show you how much I like you."

	Joel slowly spread the lips of Megan's pussy, running his tongue along her slit.  Megan moaned softly, her breathe coming in short gasps.  Joel took his time, licking and kissing every part of her pussy, from her anus to her clit.  Then he focused his attention on her love bud, sucking on it lightly as he pushed first one, then two fingers into her twat.  Megan gasped, gripping Joel's hair tightly in her fingers.
	Joel continued his loving attention of Megan's cunt until he could tell she was close to climax.  She was breathing rapidly, her hips thrusting to meet the thrusts of his fingers.  Then, when she was right on the edge, he pushed his thumb into her anus, sucking on her clit and continuing to fuck her pussy with his two fingers.
	This was too much for Megan.  Her ass was bouncing on the floor as she writhed and twisted, moaning loudly and trying not to shout.  Joel pulled out his fingers and pressed his mouth over her cunt, sucking up her love juices that flowed freely from her.  After a few seconds, Megan relaxed, smiling widely.
	"That was great, Joel.  I haven't had my pussy eaten like that in a long time."
	"I'm glad you enjoyed it," Joel said, licking his lips.  "You wouldn't mind returning the favor, would you?"
	Megan smiled, running her tongue slowly across her lips.  "Not at all, Joel darling, not at all."
	Joel and Megan reversed positions; Joel lay on his back on the sleeping bag, while Megan lay next to him, playfully running her fingers over his stiff cock.  She loved the way it twitched slightly as she stroked it.  She ran her tongue ever so lightly along his shaft, laughing as a groan escaped his throat.
	Megan continued to tease her nephew, kissing his cock and fondling his balls.  Then she got down to business, sliding the tip of his cock into her mouth and sucking it briefly before sliding all of his cock into her mouth.  She ran her tongue along his shaft as she bobbed up and down on his cock, sliding it out till just the tip was in her mouth, the swallowing it all to the root.  Joel thrust his hips up to meet her, fucking her mouth.
	Megan stopped before Joel climaxed, planting one final kiss on the tip of his prick.  "I want you in my pussy.  I want you to fuck the shit out of me, Joel."
	"Climb aboard, Aunt Megan.  I ready, willing, and able!"
	Megan squatted over Joel's waist, easing herself ever so gently onto his cock.  Placing her hands on his chest, she slid up and down on his cock, starting slow, then picking up speed.  Joel matched her thrust for thrust, slamming his hips up to meet hers.  Joel's hands fondled Megan's breasts, squeezing them and pinching her nipples.
	They continued at break-neck speed until they both climaxed, Megan collapsing onto Joel's chest.  They lay there silently for several minutes, both trying to catch their breath.  Then Megan got off of Joel.  She sat on the floor next to him, fondling his now limp penis.
	"We'd better get back upstairs before we're missed," Megan said, getting up and getting her clothes.
	"If you insist.  But we've definitely got to do this again sometime."  Joel followed his aunt's example and started to get dressed as well.
	"Most definitely."

	Marie lay down on Jake's bed, staring up at her uncle as he quickly undressed.  His thick cock stood out stiff and hard.  Climbing onto the bed, Jake got between Marie's legs and slid his cock into her pussy.  As soon as he was in her, he started pumping fast and furious, slamming her pussy.  Marie writhed and bucked underneath him, and soon matched his thrusts with thrusts of her own.
	Jake brought his mouth down to Marie's breasts, sucking greedily at them.  Marie ran her fingers through his hair, gasping and moaning.  Her first climax came quickly.  She dug her nails into his back, leaving long scratches.  Jake continued to thrust into her.  After Marie's second climax, he could hold back no longer, and with one last, hard thrust, he spurted his jism deep inside her cunt.
	Jake collapsed on top of Marie, breathing deeply.  After a few breaths, he rolled off of her and lay next to her on the bed.  Marie fondled his limp prick.
	"Not through already?" Marie asked teasingly.
	Jake smiled.  "Why don't you put that sweet mouth of yours to work and we'll see, won't we?"
	Marie kissed Jake on the lips, then worked her way down, kissing and caressing his broad chest, his flat stomach.  Then she came to his prick.  She slipped all of it into her mouth, savoring the taste of her pussy on it.  She could feel it twitching as it hardened in her mouth.  Slowly she slid it out of her mouth, then sucked on his testicles, taking them into her mouth on at a time.  Her hand stroked his cock, which quickly lengthened and thickened in her hand.  Soon it was rock hard.
	Marie ran her tongue along the vein in his cock, feeling it twitch ever so slightly.  She kissed it all of along its length; from the scrotum to the very tip.  Then she slipped it into her mouth, flicking at the tip with her tongue while she sucked on it.  She slid it just a little further into her mouth, then back out so that only the very tip was between her puckered lips.  She slid Jake's cock back into her mouth, taking just a little more of it this time, then slid it back out.
	Marie kept this up until she was taking all of his cock into her mouth.  She bobbed up and down on his cock.  Jake simply lay back, breathing deeply.  Before she could bring him over the edge, however, he gently pulled her off of his cock.
	"Why don't you climb on board?  I want to feel your hot pussy wrapped around my cock again."
	Without saying a word, Marie straddled her uncle's waist.  Taking his cock in one hand, she put the tip against her pussy lips, and slid it back and forth along her pussy before slowly sliding down onto it.  Jake squeezed Marie's breasts as she crouched over him, simply sitting there, enjoying the feel of his cock inside her.  Then she started to move, ever so slowly, sliding up and down on his cock.  She stayed squatted over him, supporting herself with her feet, and her hands on his chest.  Her ass bounced against his waist as she slid up and down on him.
	Marie carefully controlled her movements, stopping whenever she could feel Jake reaching the edge, the picking up speed a few seconds later.  She had two climaxes, and was quickly building to a third.  She could tell that she couldn't stop Jake from cumming this time, so she increased her pace, slamming her ass against him.  Jake thrust up against her, the two of them going faster and faster until Jake could hold back no longer, shooting his load up into her.  Marie slammed down on his cock several more times, then she two climaxed, collapsing down on him as her love juices flowed down his shaft.
	Marie lay on top of Jake for a few minutes, then got off of him and started getting dressed.  Jake simply lay there, watching her dress.  "So when can we get together again?"
	Marie looked down at him as she buttoned up her jeans.  "Soon enough.  Don't you ever fuck your wife?"
	"Megan?  Sure, we fuck pretty often, actually.  But I like a little variety in my life."
	Marie shook her head.  "Well, I think I can provide plenty of that, Uncle Jake.  Just be patient."
	"Oh really?" Jake sat up, leaning on one elbow.  "And what would that be?"
	"I guess you'll just have to wait and see."  And so saying, Marie left the room, closing the door behind her.


	That night, while everyone was preparing for bed, Trish hid in her parents' bathroom, waiting for them to come to bed.  She and Jen had everything planned out.  Fred, meanwhile, waited for his Uncle Frank and Aunt Anne to get comfortable.  The plan was to interrupt them during sex, then try to join in.  Both Joel and Marie were doubtful it would work, but they could think of no other way to initiate them into the incestuous goings-on of the rest of the family.
	And so a little while after they had gone to bed, Fred snuck back upstairs.  Listening carefully at his bedroom door, he could hear the moans and groans of his Aunt and Uncle.  Slowly he turned the handle.  Luckily, they hadn't bothered to lock the door.  Fred paused briefly, the door slightly ajar.  He still wasn't sure this was a good idea.  Then, with a final, deep breath, he pushed the door open and stepped into the room, reaching out and flipping on the light as he did so.
	Uncle Frank lay on his back on Fred's bed.  Aunt Anne sat on top of him, riding up and down on his cock.  They immediately stopped and looked at Fred when the light came on.  Fred stood there, admiring his aunt's body.  She had long, straight blonde hair, small, pert breasts, and muscular legs.  Fred could feel himself getting stiff.
	"Fred!  What the hell are you doing in here?" Uncle Frank demanded indignantly.
	"I-I'm sorry, Uncle Frank.  I forgot some of my stuff."
	Fred went to the closet, never taking her eyes off of his aunt.  Her eyes never left his, either.  Fred picked up some stuff from his closet, then turned to leave.  Uncle Frank was obviously very pissed off, but the look in Aunt Anne's eyes was very different.  'Well, it's now or never,' Fred thought.
	"God, you look sexy, Aunt Anne," he said, his eyes moving up and down over her body.
	"Fred!"  Uncle Frank almost shouted.  "That's your aunt you're talking about."
	"Don't get so upset, Frank," Anne said, looking down at her husband.  "He's a healthy young man.  He can't help it if he finds me attractive."
	"Anne.  I can't believe you're talking like that!"
	"Well, I'd better go," Fred said.  "I'm sorry I interrupted you two.  Have a nice night."
	Fred turned off the light and closed the door behind him.  He could tell his uncle would never go for a threesome, especially with his own nephew.  Aunt Anne, however, was another story.  Fred was certain with a little persuasion he could get into her panties.  Definitely something to look forward to.

	While Fred was striking out with his aunt and uncle, Trish was hitting a home run with her parents.  She waited in their bathroom until she heard her parents enter.  She waited a few minutes more for them to begin undressing, then she walked out of the connecting bathroom and into the bedroom.  She was wearing a very short, see-through nightie, and a pair of skimpy, black lace panties.
	She did her best to look surprised.  Her parents were both partially undressed.  Jen was wearing her panties and bra, while Sam is topless, and in the process of removing his pants.  He quickly pulls them back up when he sees Trish.
	"Trish, what are doing in here?"

	"I'm sorry, Dad.  I needed to use the bathroom.  I didn't think you two would be going to bed so soon."
	"That's a sexy nightie you're wearing, Trish," Jen commented, continuing to undress.  "When did you buy that?"
	"Oh, I've had it for while now," Trish replied, admiring her mother's naked body.  "What do you think, Dad?  Do you think I look sexy?"
	Trish slowly turned, revealing her body for her father's inspection.  He tried to pretend he wasn't looking, but she could see him watching her out of the corner of his eye.  Trish slid her hands up to her breasts, squeezing her nipples between her fingers.  She licked her lips sensuously.
	"Don't you think you should be going to bed, Trish?" Sam asked, trying to keep his voice level.
	Jen walked up behind her husband, sliding her hands around his waist and into his pants, rubbing his prick through his underwear.  He was already hard, the tip of his penis sticking out from the waistband of his underwear.
	"Well, what have we here?" Jen whispered in his ear as she pushed his pants off his hips, letting them slide down his legs to the floor.  "You seem to have gotten a hard-on from looking at your own daughter.  Come over here take a look at this hard-on your father has for you, Trish."
	Jen pulled Sam's hands away from his crotch as Trish walked casually up to him.  She ran her hands over his cock, then dropped to her knees, grabbing Sam's underwear and pulling it down around his ankles.
	"Gee, daddy," Trish said, using her best little-girl voice, "did you get this big hard-on from looking at me?  It's so nice and stiff.  Can I kiss it, daddy?"  Trish lightly kissed the tip of his dick, then planted more kisses all along his shaft.
	"Just what are you two up to?" Sam asked.  He put up only token resistance, however, pushing lightly at Trish.  When she refused to back away, he simply let her have her way with him.
	"Don't worry about anything, honey," Jen said, rubbing her tips against Sam's back.  "You just sit back and enjoy it."
	Sam knew he shouldn't be doing this, but the wonderful way his daughter's mouth and tongue moved over his cock was too much for him.  He decided he worry about the moral questions of this situation after he'd enjoyed what was sure to be a marvelous time fucking his wife and daughter.
	By this time, Jen had guided Sam over to the bed, where he sat down.  Trish removed his pants and underwear from his ankles while Jen joined her on the floor in front of Sam.  Then the two women turned their attention back to Sam's cock.  They got on each side of his legs.  Sam groaned as they ran their tongues along his shaft.  Their tongues entwined, and they engaged in a passionate French kiss.
	On breaking their kiss, Trish took Sam's cock into her mouth, Jen sucked on his balls.  At the same time, their hands were busy fondling each other's breasts.  After a minute or so, they switched places, and Trish sucked on her father's balls while Jen sucked his cock.
	"You two had better stop.  I can't hold out much longer."
	"Don't hold back, dad.  I really want to taste your cum."
	"Yeah, honey, gives us all that yummy cum of yours!"
	Trish stroked Sam's cock while Jen fondled his balls.  It didn't take long for him to cum.  His hips arched up as the first stream shot up into the air, falling onto his belly.  Two more spurts followed.  Trish and Jen wasted no time in licking it all up.  Then they kissed again, tasting the cum on each other's tongues.
	"Okay, Sam, now it's our turn."  Jen helped Sam to his feet, then lay on the bed.  Trish lay next to her.  They both spread their legs expectantly.
	Sam smiled as he looked down at the two gorgeous women lying side-by-side in front of him.  He couldn't decide who to start with, so he chose the pussy he hasn't tasted yet.  Getting between Trish's legs, he ran his tongue lightly along her pussy.  Sticking two fingers into her twat, he sucked on her clit.  Trish and Jen kissed passionately, fondling each other's breasts.
	Sam slid to his left, and stroked and sucked Jen's pussy.  He went back and forth between the two pussies until both women had cum.  Then he slid upwards to lie between them.  Jen and Trish kissed and licked all the juices from his face while playing with his cock.  It didn't take long for it to get stiff and ready for action once more.
	"Well, Trish, since you've never had him, I'll let you go first," Jen said, lightly caressing her husband's cock.
	"Thanks, Mom.  I've been looking forward to this for awhile.  Stick that big cock of yours in me, Dad."
	Sam got between Trish's legs, and slowly pushed his prick into her cunt.  "God, Trish, you have got such a sexy body!"
	"You too, dad!  Oh, yeah, fuck me, dad.  Fuck me hard!"
	Sam fucked his daughter slow and steady, while Jen kissed and caressed his back and ass.  Once Trish had her first orgasm, it was Jen's turn.  She wanted to enjoy both Sam and Trish, so she had Trish turn around on the bed, then got on top of her, in a 69-position.  While the two women were licking each other's pussies, Sam slid his cock into Jen's cunt.  Trish alternated between licking Sam's shaft as he fucked Jen, and licking Jen's clit.  It didn't take long for Jen to reach her first climax.
	Sam thrust into Jen harder and faster.  "I'm gonna cum, baby.  Yeah, I'm gonna cum!"
	"Let me have your cum, daddy.  Give your little girl all that jism," Trish moaned.
	"Okay, Trish, here it is!"  Sam pulled his cock out of Jen's cunt and slid it into Trish's mouth just as he came, shooting his load into her mouth.  Trish swallowed all of it, sucking greedily on her father's cock.
	Jen, meanwhile, had three fingers pumping rapidly in and out of Trish's twat while she sucked on Trish's clit.  Trish came, sucking even harder on Sam's cock.  Jen sucked up all of Trish's cum, burying her face in her daughter's pussy.  Once the three had taken a few minutes to recover from their orgasms, they crawled under the covers and went to sleep.


	Fred went back downstairs to where he and his cousins were sleeping.  When he got there, he found Joel and Marie naked, kissing and caressing each other with reckless abandon.  He cleared his throat, and they stopped to look up at him.
	"You're back awfully quick, Fred," Joel said.
	"Yeah, Fred, what happened?" Marie asked, while fondling Joel's erect penis.
	"Well, I've got bad news, and I've got good news."
	"What's the bad news?" Joel asked.
	"Uncle Frank was seriously pissed off.  No way was he going to go for a threesome."
	"We told you so," Marie said.
	"Yeah, whatever.  The good news, though, is that Aunt Anne looked very interested.  I'm almost certain that if I can get her alone I can get her to have sex with me."
	"So what are we going to do about our dad?" Marie asked.  "We're never going to get him to have sex with any of us."
	"I don't know," Fred said as he started to undress.  "I guess we'll have to just keep him in the dark until our little orgy.  With the rest of the family fucking their brains out all around him, even he should come around."
	"I don't know, Fred," Joel responded as Fred lay down next to Marie and started massaging her ass.  "Our dad can be pretty fucking stubborn when he wants to be."
	"Why don't you forget about Dad for tonight, Joel," Marie said, "and concentrate on me."
	Marie lay back, spreading her legs wide.  Joel slid down her body, sliding his tongue along her stomach as he worked his way to her pussy.  Parting her lips with his fingers, Joel pushed his tongue deep inside her twat.  Marie moaned, running her fingers through Joel's hair.
	"Well, Fred, don't just stand there," Marie said with a smile, "get those clothes off and join the fun."
	"Don't mind if I do!"  Fred quickly removed his clothes, and knelt down next to Marie's head.
	Marie slid Fred's cock into her mouth, sucking lightly on it while she fondled his balls.  Slipping it from her mouth, she ran her tongue along his shaft, then took his balls into her mouth, first one, then the other.  Fred stroked her hair, then slid his hands down to fondle her breasts.
	Joel got onto his knees between Marie's legs.  Placing her ankles on his shoulders, he pushed his cock into her cunt, shoving it in as far as he could.  He slammed rapidly in and out of her twat, his balls bouncing against her ass.  Marie's lips wrapped tightly around Fred's shaft as she bobbed up and down.
	Fred gently pushed Marie's head away from his crotch.  "Why don't you let me get some of that sweet ass of yours, Marie?"
	"Sounds great, Fred!  I want to feel both of your cocks in me at once."
	Fred lay down on the sleeping bag next to Marie.  Marie got up, and squatted over top of him.  Positioning the tip of his prick against her asshole, she slowly lowered herself onto him, groaning as he penetrated her.
	"Okay, Joel.  Your turn."
	Joel got back between her legs and slid his cock into her pussy.  Marie lay back, letting Joel and Fred do most of the work.  They took there time, stroking in and out of pussy and asshole.  It took them no time at all to get in sync; thrusting in unison.  Marie's breathing grew fast and shallow as she neared her climax.
	"Oh, yes, yes!  Fill me with your cocks, both of you at once.  God, yes, I'm coming, coming!  Yes, yes!"
	Marie lost all control, shouting and gasping as she came.  Joel gave several more hard thrusts, then he too came, spurting his load, then pulling out and collapsing on the floor.  Fred came seconds later, his jism filling Marie's ass.  Marie slipped off him as he prick grew limp.
	Fred, Joel, and Marie used the small sink in the laundry room to get cleaned up, then they zipped two sleeping bags together and crawled in, Marie snuggled up between the two boys.  All three slept soundly, smiles on their faces.

	
	The next morning, Fred waited for an opportunity to get Aunt Anne alone.  The family was having a picnic that afternoon.  The men were playing horseshoes, and the women were sitting around chatting.  Fred watched Anne until she went into the house to use the bathroom.  A minute or two later, he went in after her.
	Fred waited outside the bathroom until Anne came out.  "It's all yours, Fred," Anne said with a smile.
	"I don't need to use the bathroom, Aunt Anne.  I wanted to talk to you."
	Anne looked at Fred in puzzlement.  "Okay, Fred.  What do you want to talk about?"
	"It's about last night."
	"Don't worry about it, Fred," and responded, putting her arm around him.  "It wasn't a big deal."
	"Well, actually, that's not what was on my mind."
	"What exactly is on your mind, Fred?"
	"To be honest, you are.  Ever since I saw you naked last night, I can't stop thinking about your beautiful body."
	"Fred!"  Anne took a step back, shocked.  "I can't believe you're talking like that.  I am your aunt, after all."
	"I know, Aunt Anne, but I can't help.  I mean, you are a very sexy woman, and I'm a healthy young man.  I just thought you should know how attracted I am to you."  Fred waited to see how Aunt Anne would react.
	Aunt Anne smiled.  "Well, Fred, I suppose I must admit that I find you pretty handsome, too."
	Fred smiled.  "I'll bet nobody would miss us if we slipped upstairs for awhile."
	"Fred, what are you suggesting?"
	Fred slid his arms around his aunt's waist.  "Oh, I don't know.  I'm sure we'll think of something."
	Fred pulled her close to him.  He wasn't sure yet if she'd go along with this, but there was only one way to find out.  He kissed her right on the lips.  Anne didn't respond at first, but soon she returning Fred's kiss, going so far as to push her tongue into his mouth.  Anne wrapped her arms around Fred's neck, running her fingers through his hair.  When they finally broke their kiss, both of them were breathing heavy.
	Anne looked into Fred's eyes, and smiled.  "I'm afraid I have a confession to make, nephew."
	"What's that, Aunt Anne?"
	"I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since last night, either.  The way your eyes examined every part of me excited me; really excited me.  As a matter of fact, after you left last night, your Uncle Frank and I had some of the best sex we've had in a very long time."
	"You and Uncle Frank don't very a very good sex life?" Fred asked, still holding his aunt close to him.
	"Not really.  Things have become to routine.  There's no excitement to it any more.  I used to try and get Frank to try new things, but he was never interested."
	Fred slid his hands down to Anne's ass, squeezing her cheeks and pushing her crotch against his own.  "I think I can put a little excitement into your life."
	"Why don't we go upstairs and find out."
	Their arms about each other's waist, aunt and nephew went upstairs to Fred's room, where they hurriedly removed their clothes and got on the bed.  Fred's hands and mouth roamed freely across Anne's body, kissing and caressing her.  He massaged her feet while he kissed up and down her legs.  He kissed her stomach, her back, her shoulders.  Then he moved to her breasts.
	Anne's breasts were large and full, with big, pink areolas.  Fred squeezed her nipples, feeling them stiffen between his fingers.  Then he sucked one nipple into his mouth while continuing to squeeze the other breast.  He went back and forth from one breast to the other, then slowly kissed his way down her stomach to her crotch.
	Anne slid her hands under her knees and lifted her legs, spreading herself wide for her nephew.  Fred ran his fingers along her crack.  She was wet already.  Spreading her lips apart, Fred pushed his tongue deep into her twat.  Anne gasped, grinding her crotch on Fred's tongue.
	Fred kissed and licked her cunt, bringing her almost immediately to the brink of climax.  Then he latched his lips on her clit and sucked lightly.  This was too much for Anne, and she shouted out, writhing and shaking.  Her orgasm seemed to go on forever.  Finally she stopped shaking, and lay there panting.
	"Oh...God, that was good.  Frank...Frank hasn't gone down on me in years."
	Fred kissed Anne's inner thigh.  "I'm glad you enjoyed it.  I don't suppose I could convince you to return the favor?"
	"I'd love to!  Bring that big cock over here and let me get a taste of it."
	Fred got up and lay down next to his aunt, his cock next to her face, while his own face lay next to her pussy.  Lying on his side, he lifted one of Anne's legs and returned to licking her pussy, slipping two of his fingers inside her as well.


	Anne ran her hands tentatively along Fred's hard-on, fondling his balls and stroking his shaft.  Then she lightly kissed the tip of his penis, tasting his slit with the tip of her tongue.  She kissed her way down his cock, licking at the vein that pulsed just under the skin.  Fred's cock twitched in her hand, and he groaned loudly into her pussy as she kissed and licked him.
	Anne took Fred's cock into her mouth, sliding as much of it as she could down her throat.  Her lips touched the base of his shaft.  She slid his cock out of her mouth ever so slowly, then back in, working on his prick with a slow, steady rhythm.  She moved faster and faster, fondling his balls while she sucked him off.  It didn't take long before Fred reached his peak, spurting his cum into Anne's mouth.  She swallowed it all, greedily sucking every last drop of his jism into her mouth.
	Fred continued to lick and suck on Anne's pussy, bringing her to a second climax.  The two took a short rest, then Anne stroked Fred back to stiffness.  Spreading Anne's legs, he pushed his cock deep into her twat.  Anne wrapped her legs around Fred's waist, pulling him into her.
	"Oh yeah, that feels good.  Fuck me, Fred.  Fuck me hard!"
	Fred didn't bother to reply.  He simply started thrusting, hard and fast, slamming his cock in and out of Anne's pussy.   Anne thrust her hips up against him, groaning and gasping as he fucked her.  Anne quickly reached her climax, shouting out at the top of her lungs.  Fred was quick to follow, shooting his load deep in her twat.
	Fred pulled out and collapsed on the bed next to his aunt.  Anne lay gasping, her hand sliding along Fred's chest and stomach.  She rolled onto her side, pressing her body against her nephew.
	"That was fantastic, Fred."
	"Thanks, Aunt Anne.  You were pretty fantastic yourself.  But we'd better get back before somebody wonders where we are."
	Anne sighed.  "I suppose you're right.  I hope we get the chance do this again."
	Fred smiled, kissing Anne on the cheek.  "Don't worry.  I'm sure something can be arranged."
	Fred and Anne put their clothes back on, then went down-stairs.  Anne went back outside first, rejoining the women.  Fred came out a few minutes later, casually strolling over to where the men were still playing horseshoes.
	"So what were you up to, Anne?" Megan asked.
	"I just wanted to get out of the sun for a little while."
	Jen smiled.  "You didn't by chance see Fred while you were in there?"
	Anne simply shrugged, "No, can't say that I did.  Why?"
	"Just wondering."
	Trish and Marie left the table, walking over to where Fred watched Sam, Joel, Jake, and Grandpa playing horseshoes.  Trish stood right next to Fred, whispering into his ear, "So how did it go with Aunt Anne?"
	"It went just fine," he whispered back, smiling.

	That evening after dinner, the four cousins sat together in the basement discussing their plans.  They decided that they would hold the family orgy the next day.  At first they were going to tell Jen, then decided to surprise her along with everyone else.
	"But what about our dad?" Joel asked.  "He'll never go along with any of this."
	"Well, I guess he'll just have to sit back and watch the rest of us enjoying ourselves, then," Trish said.  She was sitting behind Marie, and reached around to fondle her breasts through her shirt.
	"Oh, I'll bet we can get him to join in," Marie said with a grin as she turned her head and kissed Trish on the lips.
	Since it was still too early to go to bed, they finalized their plans and went back upstairs, huge grins on all their faces.  They spent the rest of evening with their family.  As they talked and played card games, and they could think of was the pleasures to come on the following day.

	The next day was the last day of the reunion.  After dinner, the whole family got together in the livingroom to decide how they would spend their last night together.  Fred, Trish, Marie, and Joel, of course, had their own ideas on how the evening was going to be spent.  Several ideas had been suggested when Fred stood up.
	"Trish, Marie, Joel and I have gotten together, and we have an idea on how to spend our last evening."
	"And how's that, Fred?" Sam asked.
	"Well, everyone might not be aware of it, but pretty much everyone here has had sex with another family member."
	Everyone stared at Fred in shock.  "What the hell are you talking about, Fred?" Uncle Frank demanded.
	Fred smiled.  "You can all deny it if you want to, but you all know what I'm talking about.  Dad, you've had sex with Trish, and Mom and Aunt Megan have both had sex with me and Joel.  So's Grandma for that matter.  And Grandpa, both your granddaughters have some interesting stories about their nights with you."
	"So what are you getting at, Fred?" Grandpa asked.
	"Well, we figured, since we've all had sex with each other separately, why not end the reunion with an orgy?  That way, everybody gets a shot at anyone they haven't fucked yet.  Besides, can you think of a better way to spend the evening than getting naked and fucking like crazy?"
	Everyone simply stared at Fred for a few seconds, then Grandma got up and walked over to him.  "Sounds like a great idea, Fred.  Now why don't you get that big cock of yours out for your granny to enjoy."
	Fred immediately unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock.  Grandpa dropped to her knees in front of him, pulling his jeans down to his knees.  Then she slid his limp prick into her mouth, running her tongue along the underside of his balls.  His cock stiffened in her mouth.  Soon it was rock hard.  Grandma slid it in and out of her mouth, bobbing up and down on his hard dick.
	"Well I'll be damned if mom's the only one who gets laid tonight," Jen said defiantly as she stood up and started to undress.  "Dad, why don't you come over here and help me out of these clothes.  It's not fair that my daughter and niece have had a taste of your cock and I haven't."
	Grandpa smiled as he walked over to Jen and proceeded to unbutton her jeans.  Jen pulled off her T-shirt and lifted her legs one at a time so that her father could pull her pants and panties off.  Sliding her feet apart, Grandpa pushed his face up into Jen's crotch and started licking her pussy.  Jen removed her bra and massaged her breasts while Grandpa ate out her pussy.
	Seeing Grandpa and Grandma going down on Fred and Jen was all it took for everyone else to get into the act.  Megan was quickly all over Sam, kissing his neck and running her hands over his chest, stomach, and crotch.  Jake walked up to Trish and took her in his arms, kissing her passionately.  Their tongues intertwined as they lay down on the floor.
	Aunt Anne and Uncle Frank stood near the wall, watching in shock and amazement at the scene in front of them.  Fred was sitting on the couch while Grandma continued to suck his cock.  Jen had undressed Grandpa, who was sitting next to Fred on the couch while Jen sucked his cock.  Trish and Jake had dispensed with any such formalities, and were lying naked in the middle of the floor.  Jake was on top of Trish, thrusting his cock in and out of her wet pussy, while she wrapped her legs around his ass, slamming against him with every thrust.  Sam was sitting naked in the easy chair, slowly working Megan's pants down her legs while she sucked his cock.
	Joel and Marie watched their parents in amusement for a few minutes, then walked up to them, arms around each other's waists.
They didn't say a word at first, then Joel broke the silence.
	"So are you going to join in the fun, or what?"
	"What are you saying, Joel?" Frank asked in disgust.  "I can't believe what they're doing!  It's disgraceful."
	Joel stepped away from his sister and stood directly in front of his mother.  His hand casually caressed her breast through her shirt.  "Gee, Mom didn't seem to feel that way when she fucked Fred, did you Mom?"
	Frank stared at Anne in disbelief.  "I can't believe you're making up such lies about your mother.  And get your hands off her breasts!"
	Frank grabbed Joel's hand and pushed it away from Anne's breast.  Then it was Marie's turn to step in.  She stood behind her father, sliding her arms around him.
	"Come on, daddy, don't be such a spoil sport."
	Frank turned and pulled Marie off of him.  While his father was distracted, Joel returned his attentions to his mother's breasts, this time using both hands.  Anne made no attempt to stop him, and when Joel undid his pants and guided his mother's hand to his cock, Anne wrapped her hand around it, feeling it stiffen as she stroked it.
	The next time Frank managed to turn around and look in their direction, Joel had his clothes off and was sitting in the second easy chair.  Anne sat naked between his legs, running her tongue along his hard cock and fondling his balls.  Frank took a step towards them, but Marie got in his way.  He was about to push her aside when she started rubbing his cock through his pants.  This certainly got his attention.
	"What has gotten into you, Marie?" he asked, trying to push her away.
	"Come on, Dad, you know you want to join in," Marie said with a seductive smile.  "You can't tell me that wasn't a huge hard-on I felt in your pants."
	Frank looked down briefly, then looked back at his daughter.  "I don't know what you're talking about, young lady."
	Marie pulled off her shirt, then started unbuttoning her jeans, slowly moving her hips.  "You know you want me," she said in her most seductive voice.
	Her jeans unbuttoned, Marie slowly slid them down her legs.  She put on her most seductive dance, wiggling her hips and shaking her tits.  She turned around to show her father her ass, bending over as she slid her panties down her legs, stepping out of them and dropping them on the floor.  She stood up and removed her bra, still facing away from her father.
	Frank simply stood there, uncertain as to how to react.  A raging hard-on was ready to burst from his pants, but he refused to admit to himself that he was sexually turned on by his own daughter.  He tried to turn away from her, but everywhere he looked, his relatives were engaged in wild, uninhibited fucking.
	Sam was still sitting on the easy chair, but now Megan was sitting on his lap, sliding rapidly up and down on Sam's prick.  Frank stared at it going in at out of Megan's pussy.  Megan saw him staring and ran her tongue along her lips, beckoning him toward her with his finger.  Frank quickly looked away, letting his attention fall on the couch.
	Fred lay on his back on the couch.  Jen was on top of him, his dick buried deep in her pussy.  Grandpa stood at the end of the couch, fucking Jen's ass.  Grandma had joined Trish and Jake on the floor right in front of the couch.  Grandma was squatting over Jake, ramming herself on his prick, while Trish squatted over his face.  Jake's tongue was buried deep in her pussy.  The two women kissed and fondled each other's breasts.
	Finally Frank turned and looked at his wife and son.  Anne had taken Joel's place in the easy chair, and he was now on the floor between her legs, licking her clit and sliding two fingers in and out of her pussy.  Frank looked at his wife's face.  Her eyes were closed and her head lay back against the chair.  Her mouth was open and she breathed in deep gasps.  Frank could see the cum on her chin and cheek from where Joel had shot his load onto her face.
	Unable to look at his wife like this, Frank turned back to Marie.  His attention had only been off her for a few seconds, and she was just turning around, revealing herself to him in all her feminine glory.  Her breasts jutted out, her nipples stiff.  Her legs were spread, and Frank could just see the pink lips beneath her neatly trimmed pubic bush.
	Marie licked her lips, running one hand down her stomach and between her legs.  She breathed in sharply as she pushed her middle finger up into her pussy.  When she pulled it out, it was glistening with her love juices.  Making sure her father's attention was on her finger, she slowly moved her hand back up and slid her finger into her mouth, sucking on it gently.
	Without saying a word, Marie lay down on the floor in front of her father.  She spread her legs wide so that he had a clear view of her pussy.  Putting her hands behind her knees, she pulled her legs up to her chest, spreading them even wider.
	"Here's my pussy, Daddy, all for you.  All you have to do is take it.  You know you want it.  Look around you.  Everyone else is giving in to their urges.  Why don't you join us.  You know you want to."
	Marie kept up the dirty talk, staring into her father's eyes the entire time.  Frank simply stared down at his daughter's naked body.  He knew he shouldn't, but he wanted her so badly he could taste it.  Finally, he gave in.  Pulling his pants and underwear down about his ankles, Frank dropped to his knees.  Grabbing his cock, he put the head against Marie's pussy and thrust with all his might, burying himself to the hilt in her hot, moist depths.
	Grabbing her hips with both hands, Frank slammed his cock in and out of Marie's cunt.  Marie climaxed almost immediately, shouting and screaming at the top of her lungs.  She climaxed again very shortly after that, and this time her father joined her, spurting his load deep into her cunt.  After the first spurt, he pulled out, shooting a second load onto her stomach and chest.  Cum sprayed forth from his cock, falling in thick gobs onto Marie.
	Frank collapsed onto the floor.  Marie rubbed his cum into her skin, licking it from her fingers.  Then she looked over at Joel and Anne.  Anne was still sitting in the chair, but now Joel was standing over her, his dick sliding rapidly in and out of her cunt.  Anne's legs were spread wide, and her hands firmly gripped Joel's ass, pulling him into her with every thrust.
	Marie sat up and scanned the room.  Grandpa had just pulled out of Jen's ass and was spraying cum onto her back.  Jake sat next to the couch watching Grandma and Trish, who were engaged in a lesbian 69, their mouths and fingers going crazy on each other's twat.
	Megan was still bouncing up and down on Sam.  "Come here, quick, Marie," she said between gasps.  "He's gonna cum any second now."
	Marie crawled on her hands and knees over to the easy chair.  Just as she got there, Sam grabbed Megan's waist and picked her up off of his cock.  Marie took it in both hands, aiming it for her mouth as the first stream of cum shot forth from his dick.  She swallowed as much as she could, letting the rest dribble down her chin.  Megan got off Sam and sat down next to Marie, licking the cum from her chin.
	Marie and Megan kissed, and Marie opened her mouth, letting the cum flow into Megan's mouth.  After sliding their tongues in and out of each other's mouths and thoroughly enjoying the taste of Sam's cum, Megan kissed her way down Marie's chest, licking off all of Frank's cum.

	Fred and Joel were the last to cum, filling their mother's pussies with their seed.  Then everyone took a breather before going on to round two.  Anne looked down at Frank, who sat against the wall, looking extremely guilty over what he had done.
	Anne sat down next to him.  "Don't feel bad, honey.  What's done is done.  You might as well enjoy yourself.  Besides, whether you want to admit it or not, your daughter is an very sexy woman."
	Frank looked at her, and sighed.  "I guess you're right.  I just can't believe it.  I watched you, being fucked by your very own son, and part of me felt enraged and disgusted.  But another part of me was very turned by it.  It's so unbelievable."
	"Well, listen to the part of you that got off on your son fucking his mother.  You'll have a much happier life that way.  Trust me."  Smiling, she kissed him on the cheek.
	By this time, everyone was ready to go at it again, and soon they had all rearranged themselves with new partners.  Trish walked up to Frank, who was still sitting against the wall, his legs bent to hide his prick.
	"Mind if I join you?" Trish asked.
	"No, I guess not."
	Trish sat down in front of Frank.  Spreading his knees apart, she leaned down and took his limp prick into her mouth.  She licked and sucked his cock until he was once again hard as a rock.  Then she straddled his waist and slowly lowered herself onto his erect penis.  Trish let out a gasp as she his cock buried itself in her pussy.  Frank pulled Trish towards him, sucking on her nipples while she rode his cock.
	Anne strode boldly over to Sam.  "I can't tell you how often I've wanted your prick in my mouth," she told him.
	"Well, it's all yours," Sam responded with a smile.
	Anne dropped to her knees in front of Sam, slipping his semi-erect penis into her mouth.  One hand fondled his balls while the other rubber her clit.  It took no time at all for Sam to get rock hard.  Anne ran her tongue along the shaft, then around the head, drawing a groan from Sam.
	While Anne sucked on Sam, Jake was sitting on the couch, getting his dick sucked by Jen.  Her head bobbed up and down on her brother-in-law's dick, sucking and licking it at the same time.  Jake tried to pull her away before he climaxed, but she held on, sucking him to an intense orgasm.  Jake's spunk filled Jen's mouth.  She swallowed it all, her mouth begging for more.  Once there was no cum left for her to eat, she got up and switched places with Jake.  He buried his face in her twat, sliding his tongue deep inside the pink folds of her pussy.
	Grandpa sat on the couch next to Jen, with Megan on his lap, riding up and down on his cock.  Her left breast was in his mouth, and he sucked and licked it voraciously.  Megan moaned and groaned, and was soon screaming as her first orgasm hit her.
	Grandma and Marie lay on their sides on the floor, their arms wrapped around each other in a passionate embrace.  They French kissed and ground their pussies against each other.  Fred and Joel watched for a minute, then Fred got behind Marie and Joel got behind Grandma.  Laying on their sides as well, they lifted a leg each and slowly pushed their dicks into the women's assholes.  The two women ground against each other even harder as their anuses were penetrated.
	His stiff prick covered with Anne's saliva, Sam stood her up and led her to one of the easy chairs.  He had her sit on her knees facing away from him, her arms resting on the back of the chair.  He was about to slide his dick into her pussy, when his gaze happened upon Joel and Fred.  With a smile, he ran the tip of his dick along Anne's pussy slit briefly, then moved it up slightly, pushing his head against her asshole.
	Anne gasped as Sam pushed his dick ever so slowly into her asshole.  Once it was all the way in, he leaned forward, grabbing her breasts.  While he fondled her tits, he moved his dick slowly in and out of her asshole, setting a casual, relaxed pace.  Anne's breathing quickened, and a loan moan escaped from her throat as Sam humped her ass.
	Jake ran his tongue over Jen's pussy, then pushed two fingers into her wet slit, fucking them rapidly in and out of her wet hole.  While he did this, he wrapped his lips around her clit, sucking it and flitting his tongue over lightly.  Jen screamed in almost instant orgasm.  Jake kept this up, sucking and finger-fucking Jen through two more orgasms.  Then he stood up and grabbed her legs behind the knees.  Pushing her knees up against her tits, he slid his cock into her pussy and started fucking her hard and fast.
	Leaving Megan's breasts, Grandpa looked at the couples wildly fucking around him.  Seeing all the anal action going on, he decided to get some as well.
	"Why don't you turn around, honey, so daddy can fuck you up the ass."
	Megan smiled.  "Sounds like fun!"
	Climbing off of Grandpa, Megan turned around and sat back down on his lap, facing away from him.  Grandpa guided his cock to her asshole, and Megan eased herself onto his prick, feeling it fill her asshole.  She moved up and down on it, slowly at first, but picking up speed with every thrust.  Soon she was bouncing rapidly up and down on Grandpa's cock.  The tightness of her asshole was too much for him, and soon he was shooting his jism into her asshole.  Megan slid off of Grandpa's cock, cum oozing from her asshole.
	Frank and Trish had switched positions, and now Trish was on her back on the floor.  Frank was on top her, slamming his cock in and out of her pussy.  Trish wrapped her legs around his ass, pulling him into her with every thrust.  They thrust against each other rapidly until Frank spent his load, filling Trish's pussy.  He then collapsed onto the floor next to her.  Trish slid her tongue down his chest and stomach to his cock.  She licked his cock clean, then snuggled against him, turning her body so she could watch the rest of the family going at it.
	Sam was still steadily fucking Anne's asshole.  They had a nice rhythm going; Anne would rock her hips back against Sam as he pushed his cock into her ass.  It didn't take long in Anne's tight asshole for Sam to reach his climax.  Pulling out his got, he gave it a few quick strokes, groaning loudly as he shot his cum onto her ass and back.  Once he had spent his load, Anne stepped aside and he collapsed into the chair.  Anne promptly sat down on his lap, fondling his now limp prick while watching the foursome still wildly fucking on the floor.
	Fred and Joel were still humping away at Marie and Grandma's asses, while the two women ground their pussies against each other, there arms around each other, their lips locked in a passionate wet kiss.  Grandma reached her third climax just as Joel spurted his cum deep in her ass.  Marie's orgasm was quick to follow.  Fred continued to fuck Marie for several more strokes before depositing a load of cum in her asshole.
	This left Jen and Jake as the last couple still fucking.  Jake had Jen's legs spread wide, holding her ankles as he slammed in and out of her.  Megan was sucking on one of her nipples, and Anne had left Sam's lap to go suck on the other.  Then the three sisters kissed, there tongues teasing each other.  The rest of the family cheered Jake on.
	Jake could feel his balls feel with semen.  Just as he was about ready to burst, he pulled out, moving forward to get his dick close to Jen's face.  His hand moved rapidly up and down his shaft, and soon the first stream of sticky wet cum was spurting out, splashing Megan's cheek and lips.  Several more spurts followed, covering Jen, Anne, and Megan's faces.  The three women swallowed all they could, then ravenously licked the remainder off of each other's faces.

	Everyone temporarily spent, everyone got back into the normal couples and relaxed, enjoying the orgasmic afterglow.  Sam sat in one chair, with Jen in his lap, while Frank and Anne took the other.  Grandpa and Grandma, and Jake and Megan had the couch.  The four cousins sat on the floor in the middle of the room.  No one said a word for several minutes; everyone just sat where they were, smiles on all their faces.
	Trish finally broke the silence.  "So does anyone have any complaints about how the family spent our last night?"
	"None whatsoever!" Frank proclaimed immediately.
	"None?  I'm surprised," Anne teased her husband.
	"Yeah, dad," said Joel.  "Don't tell me you're mellowing out on us now."
	"Just wait till we get home," Frank replied.  "We'll see just how 'mellow' things are from now on."
	"Sounds like family orgies from now on at our house," Marie said with a smile.
	"I'm hoping the same goes for our house," Fred said.
	"I wouldn't worry about that, son," Sam said, running his finger up Jen's thigh to massage her pussy.  "I think we'll be pretty active in the bedrooms from now on."
	"And the bathroom, and the living room, and the kitchen..." Jen said with a laugh.
	Everyone echoed the same sentiment, and it was immediately decided that the family would have a "reunion" on a regular basis.  With that, everyone went off to bed.  The next day, good-byes were said and everyone returned to their homes, eager for the next family gathering.
??

--

 

 



