(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: FAMLYSEC.TXT
Title: Our Family Secret
Author: Eros




                             OUR FAMILY SECRET
                                (by Eros!)

                                  Part 1.

       I began feeling horny as the plane I was on brought me closer to
    home. I'd been gone four weeks and that was a long time to be away
    from my beautiful, sexy, sixteen-year-old sister Tina. Thinking
    about her had turned my prick into a bar of solid steel that pushed
    the front of my pants way out in front. The cute young stewardess
    noticed it and gave me an admiring smile. I knew the sight of my
    bulge had caused her pussy to start steaming and she wanted me to
    make a date with her, so she could take me someplace after we landed,
    take down her panties, haul out my big fat cock and ride it like a
    cowgirl at a rodeo.

       Any other time I wouldn't have passed up anything that good,
    because I'd never known a stewardess who wasn't a hot piece of ass.
    They aren't there simply to service the pilot and co-pilot. A
    handsome, horny male passenger can always get a piece of pussy from
    one of those young ladies who like to ride a friendly cock. But I
    didn't have time. I was in a hurry to get home... and home for my
    pecker was that tight, warm, snuggly place between my little sister
    Tina's legs.

       I know you'll agree it's natural for a brother and sister to love
    each other, but I meant a lot more to Tina than just being her big
    brother. I was the guy who took her virginity... the guy she took
    down her panties for... and the only guy who fucked her the way she
    needed to be fucked... long and hard and often!

       Sis and I started making out together when she was 13 and I was
    18, right after she discovered my secret.... mine and Mom's, that is.
    The secret was that Mom was letting me stick my horny young prick
    into her neglected pussy whenever we were alone in the house
    together! Apparently Dad wasn't able to give Mom the constant sexual
    satisfaction she craved. So when I accidentally barged in on Mom one
    night to find her naked... legs spread wide.. with a big, fat dildo
    stuffed up her cunt, one thing lead to another and it wasn't long
    before Mom's dildo was discarded to be replaced by 10 inches of the
    real thing... her own son's stiff and eager cock!!

       Then one day, like always, Dad was at the office and Sis was out
    somewhere. Mom was horny and so was I, but we didn't count on my
    little sister coming home sooner than expected. Tina found us in Mom
    and Dad's bedroom. We were on the bed, both of us naked... my prick
    was pounding full-pelt into Mom's spread pussy as I nailed her hot
    ass to the mattress. Shit, let me tell you, I had a hard-on that
    wouldn't fuckin' quit.. I was slamming my cock into my mom's
    tight, slippery cunt so hard the walls were shaking!

       As usual, Mom was squirming her ass and moaning, and having a
    wonderful time, because she really enjoys it when I fuck her. Her
    legs were over my shoulders as she bucked her cunt up to meet every
    solid stroke of my prick. As I rammed into her, Mom was contracting
    her cunt-muscles around my cock, making it so good for me I hardly
    knew which end was up. I don't know why Dad is so reluctant to screw
    her... Mom is one hell of a good fuck!!

       Anyway, after spying on us for a while, Tina thought it best not
    to announce her presence. She waited until she got me alone before
    revealing to me, in no uncertain terms, that she knew I was
    exploring forbidden territory by sticking my dick into Mom's pleasure
    hole.

       That was when she told me that if I had a thing for family pussy,
    she was more than willing to let me try hers. She entwined her arms
    about my neck and after she laid a hot sexy kiss on me, she said she
    needed my cock a lot more than Mom did, because she'd never had one
    before and she didn't like any of the guys at school who were trying
    to get into her virgin pants.

       And after all, she added, Mom had Dad getting into bed with her
    every night. Maybe he wasn't screwing her every night, but an
    occasional cock was better than none at all... and my little sister
    desperately needed a cock! Tina laid it right on the line. She wanted
    me to take her virginity and fuck her like I was fucking Mom. What
    could I say?

    Since then I've been fucking my horny little sister every chance we
    get, and fucking my gorgeous mother every now and then, whenever she
    feels the old man is neglecting her.

       Some family, huh? Well, can I help it if the choicest pussies in
    town are related to me? I won't go into detail about the numerous
    times I screwed Aunt Sara and Aunt Margaret, and my little cousin Jo
    Anne, but suffice to say that I was literally surrounded by hot,
    eager pussy... and it was all in the family! To me, that kinda made
    it more exciting!

       Anyway, after being away a month, I was back home. At least I was
    at the airport, my eyes scanning the crowd to find my little sister.
    Believe it or not, I was so anxious to find her I actually went right
    by her. It wasn't until I began to walk toward the baggage claim
    area, thinking she was late, that I felt someone tap me on the
    shoulder. Turning around, I was delighted to see Tina.

       My heart pounded in my chest. To see my sexy little sister
    standing there in front of me at long last was one thing, but to see
    her decked out in a white summer dress with white shoes, her
    shoulder-length blonde hair flouncing about, made me start
    hyperventilating on the spot. Her eyes, a lovely clear blue, seemed
    to hypnotize me with their radiance.I wrapped my arms around her in a
    passionate hug, pulling her tightly against me, and it was all I
    could do to keep from running my hands all over her tight, sexy little
    ass right then and there.

       As she rubbed herself against me, Tina she whispered hotly in my
    ear, "You've got a hard-on, Jerry! Is that for me?"

       "Who else?" I replied. "I've been saving it all for you, kid!"

        She laughed. "This is your sister you're talking to. I don't buy
    fairy tales. You've been with Aunt Sara for a month and there's no
    way you could behave yourself for that long... not when you were alone
    with her every day, while Uncle John was at the office. I'll bet that
    each day your prick never came out of her pussy until it was time for
    Uncle John to come home to supper!"

       "Never mind that!" I said, grinning at her. "Have you been saving
    some of yours for me?"

       "You'll find out after we get home," she replied. "We have a lot
    of catching up to do, big brother.. I haven't had any cock for a week!"

       "How can we do anything with Mom there?", I asked.

       "She and Dad left yesterday on a three-week vacation," Tina
    grinned. "We have the house all to ourselves. Mom said for you to
    remember I was your sister and to behave yourself!"

       "What do you suppose she meant by that?"

       "What do you think she meant, considering how many times she almost
    caught us when we WEREN'T behaving ourselves?"

       We couldn't get home quick enough to suit me, but finally we were
    there and we went straight upstairs to Tina's bedroom. I told her to
    sit on the edge of the bed and reached into my pocket, pulling
    out the gift I had for her. I asked her to close her eyes and
    took her present out of the box it was in, then I knelt before her
    and clasped the thin gold bracelet around her wrist.

       Her eyes widened when she saw it and I could see the deep
    affection she felt for me. She stood up as I got to my feet and her
    arms went about my neck as she pressed her mouth onto mine. When the
    kiss ended, she tugged off my jacket and shirt. We both kicked off
    our shoes and as I yanked off my socks, she stripped off her panties.

       "I haven't even unpacked yet," I chuckled.

       She dragged my pants and undershorts down to my knees, and as she
    took hold of my cock, she said; "Let's start by unpacking this!"

       When my feet were free of my pants and undershorts, she pushed me
    onto the bed. Falling on top of me, she kissed me with hotly aroused
    passion while her hand played with my cock. She covered my body with
    kisses, her lips straying lower and lower, over my chest, my belly,
    and finally coming to rest on my rapidly-stiffening cock.

       I gasped when Tina took it into her mouth while she fondled my
    balls. I began to feel totally aroused as her hot little mouth worked
    up and down on my shaft, sending shivers of pleasure all through my
    body. Tina sucked on my cock until I was half out of my mind, but she
    stopped short of getting me off. She lay down beside me and snuggled
    up to me.

       We hugged and kissed some more, and my hand was busy rubbing her
    hot, wet pussy and squeezing her tight little ass. While she nibbled
    at the lobe of my ear, Tina whispered; "God, Jerry! I can't wait any
    longer! Please fuck me!"

       She sat up and flung a leg over my hips, grinding her
    sparsely-haired little cunt over my raging erection. Reaching up, I
    took hold of her tiny boobs and delicately caressed them, as though
    they might break if they were mishandled.

       Leaning over, Tina lowered her tits into to my face. A sigh
    escaped her sensuously parted lips as I ran my tongue over her
    nipples them and sucked her firm young teenage breasts into my mouth
    one at a time. The next thing I knew, she reached down, got hold of
    my cock and guided the head of it into her pussy. The joy I felt
    having my cock enveloped once again by my sister's warm, slippery
    cuntflesh was intense, to say the least. It became a lot more intense
    as I fucked Tina through three orgasms before cumming a bucket-load
    in her tight, clinging little fuckhole.

       We fucked like a pair of sex-starved rabbits for the next three
    weeks while our parents were away, hardly stopping even for food.
    While at home, we never wore clothes because we were too busy
    fucking.... in bed... in the shower... on the floor... even once on
    the kitchen table when Tina thought she could get away with teasing
    me before she left for school. I don't know how she explained being
    two hours late for class, all I know is that she was just as horny as
    ever when she got home from school that afternoon.

       Those were three weeks of total bliss! Sis and I hardly left the
    house. We lived on cold pizza and hot sex..... what a diet! God, I
    love family life!!!!!

                                  The End.

--



Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....