The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




famlove2.txt

                                ROBBIE AND ROBIN

        I will be  a senior  at the University  of Georgia  this fall,  and
    because I'm an only  daughter, my parents let  me take this summer  (my
    last) off without  having to  work.  I've  been staying  with them  and
    simply relaxing.

        One weekend, my parents and another couple left for a four-day trip
    together and the couple  asked me to take  care of their fourteen  year
    old twins.  I was glad to do it since they have a big house in Dunwoody
    with a private pool.  I knew the twins, and I knew they wouldn't be any
    trouble.  What I didn't know was that they had grown up during the year
    I was away at school.   Robert, or Robbie as  he was called, was  about
    six feet tall and weighed about 160 with a curly mop of blond hair that
    had been sunlightened that summer.   He was on the basketball team,  so
    he worked out with  weights and was  really a sexy  guy, what with  his
    broad, tanned shoulders, narrow, flat stomach, and tight, rounded  ass.
    His sister was the exact opposite.  Robin was only five feet two inches
    tall and probably  didn't weigh 90  pounds.  She  had freckles and  she
    wore her red hair in braids with a pig tale on each side.  With her pug
    nose and diminutive stature, she looked to be only ten years old except
    for her breasts.  They were the size of a half of grapefruit, and, as I
    later learned, were just a firm.

        On Saturday morning  I took the  car to get  some groceries, but  I
    came back in a few  minutes to pick up the  list that I had  forgotten.
    On the way back to the car, I looked out at the pool deck, because that
    was where the kids were when I left.  I couldn't believe what I saw!

        Robbie was lying on the patio table with a towel over his eyes  and
    was spread-eagled with his swim trunks pulled down to his ankles.   His
    cock was sticking straight up his  stomach as Robin rubbed her hand  up
    and down  his thighs.   Robin  was  topless, and  her tits  really  did
    resemble grapefruit halves.   They were completely  rounded and had  no
    sag whatsoever, and her  nipples were a bright  pink rose on the  white
    flesh of her breasts.  She picked up the suntan oil and poured some  on
    Robbie's chest and  began to massage  it up and  down toward his  cock.
    She poured some oil  on her tits  and put Robbie's  hand on her  breast
    and, with  her  hand behind  his,  pressed  his hand  into  her  tender
    breasts.  He began to rub it in  as a bead of cum appeared on the  head
    of his prick.  Robin leaned over  and, with the nipples of her  breast,
    stroked his cock from head to  balls, letting him feel her hardness  on
    his sensitive skin.  He was still blindfolded by the towel, and I moved
    closer to the screen door so I could hear them but not be seen.

        Robin was telling him to imagine that she was Cathy (me) and that I
    was going to beat him off.   She described my body in detail  (although
    she had never seen  me nude) quite accurately  and took Robbie's  hands
    for a tour of her own body.  I opened my jeans and slipped my hand down
    the front of my panties to my clit  and pussy lips.  I began to  stroke
    my way to the inevitable climax while I watched Robin masturbate  every
    part of Robbie's body except his cock.  She poured some more oil,  this
    time directly on his cock,  and Robbie arched up  from the table.   She
    grasped his cock and began to rub one  hand up and down his seven  inch
    shaft while the palm of the other hand rubbed on the head of his  cock.
    It was more than either Robbie or I could handle, and we came at  about
    the same time.  He  was spurting all over his  chest and stomach and  I
    had to hold on to the curtain in  order to stand up.  Robin rubbed  her
    tits across his chest  and stomach, drenching her  nipples in his  cum,
    and then massaged it into her flesh.

        I  recovered  my  composure  before  Robbie  and  was  off  to  the
    supermarket, although with the germ of a  plan in my mind.  On the  way
    home, I worked out  my plan, and I  stopped by Fredrick's of  Hollywood
    and purchased a wet-look black string bikini.

        When I returned,  both kids were  in their swim  gear, although  it
    really didn't hide much, and I said hello and explained that I would be
    out after I put the groceries away.  I went to my room and stripped  in
    front of the  full length mirror.   I  pulled the rubber  band from  my
    long, blond pony tail  and let my  hair hang down straight.   I used  a
    brush to get the  kinks out, and  the feel of  the bristles against  my
    sensitive nipples  made them  erect and  hard.   I put  the new  bikini
    around my waist  and adjusted the  bottom so  that most of  my ass  was
    showing, and then put the bra on.  It was only a strap which was  about
    three inches wide, so it  couldn't hold all of  my breasts.  About  two
    inches of the tender, white underside of my tit was exposed along  with
    about four inches of the tanned top of my breast.  I put on high heeled
    sandals and practiced prancing and strutting.

           Robbie's eyes got wide when I strutted out on to the deck, and I
    knew that he could see some of my blond pussy hairs peeking out of  the
    skimpy bottom, and he could now see  the shape of all he had been  told
    about while being jacked off.  I kept my eyes on his crotch, and I know
    that he knew it.  I went into  the pool to make sure that the suit  had
    an even wetter  look and  then lay  down on  the chaise.   I  carefully
    adjusted the strings, ostensibly to be demure, but really to make  sure
    that both Robbie  and Robin could  see as  much as possible.   I  asked
    Robin to  rub  some  suntan lotion  on  me.   She  began,  but  I  said
    (according to my plan) that she wasn't rubbing hard enough, and I asked
    Robbie to take over.   His hands were trembling  as he poured oil  into
    his palms and began  to stroke my  thighs and stomach.   Every time  he
    came near my crotch, it was all I could do to not grab his hand and rub
    myself off.  I took his hand and  moved it to my stomach and guided  it
    toward my breasts.  His fingers  grazed the soft skin on the  underside
    of my tits, and I told him to make sure that he got them covered  since
    they hadn't been exposed to  the sun before.   His fingers dug into  my
    skin as he rubbed harder and harder, and my bra slipped up on my breast
    until the red circles around my nipples were exposed.  His hand brushed
    my nipples and I pulled his hand under my top, letting my hard  nipples
    poke into his palm.   I was  so hot that  I had to  find relief, and  I
    pulled the crotch of my bikini  bottom tight against my clit and  began
    to hunch the  material up  and down.   I  climaxed and  could feel  the
    wetness dripping out of my pussy into the material of the bikini, and I
    reached over and stroked Robbie's cock.

        I quickly got up and guided him to the table and pulled his  trunks
    down to his ankles, covering his eyes with  a towel.  I removed my  top
    and began to repeat the same words  as Robin had used earlier, but  now
    it was a big, grown up Cathy in person.  I used my hands and nipples on
    his cock, but when he began to  squirt his cum, I placed my mouth  over
    the end of his cock and drank his fluids.  I suctioned as much cum as I
    could get and let my  mouth draw up and down  his shaft.  I pulled  off
    and walked to  Robin, taking her  in my  arms and kissing  her with  my
    mouth and tongue.  Since I hadn't swallowed all the delicious sperm, my
    tongue transferred some to her waiting mouth.

        I walked Robin to the  table and took off  her suit and removed  my
    bottom.  Sitting on the table, I  pulled Robin next to me and told  her
    to instruct Robbie in pleasing  me.  Without hesitation she  instructed
    Robbie to lick my cunt and clit, and she used her own hand to spread my
    lips to give him access.  She leaned over and began to suck and lick my
    nipples until I went over the edge for the third time that day.

        The only one still to cum was Robin, and I instructed Robbie to eat
    his sister just as he had done to me.  Her freckled face contorted  and
    she began pinching her own nipples as she felt his tongue for the first
    time.  When she finally came, her body went into spasms that lasted for
    at least a  minute and  came in  waves so  that she  was in  continuous
    climax for what seemed to be five minutes.

        I instructed  the kids  that  we should  be nude  or  provocatively
    dressed for the rest of the  weekend, and that we would masturbate  and
    eat each other as often as we desired.  Later that night, I shaved each
    of our pubes, making both Robbie and Robin look like they were only ten
    or eleven years old, and exposing my lips and clit for each of them  to
    see.  I fucked Robbie that night, and the next day I took him up my ass
    (only after a liberal  dose of K-Y  jelly), the first  and only time  I
    have done that.  Since Robin was  licking my clit while he was  fucking
    my ass, I got off even through the  pain.  I might try it again if  the
    circumstances were right, but  only if the guy's  cock was thin  enough
    that it wouldn't  kill me.   Robin learned how  to suck cock,  starting
    from the time  Robbie had just  cum, through the  flacid, quiet  state,
    until he was again aroused  and hard.  She  couldn't quite take all  of
    it, and she was  disappointed that he  didn't have any  cum for her  to
    taste.  I told her to wait, that she would have plenty of chance later.

        I've gotten together with  the kids a couple  of times since  then,
    but it  hasn't been  as exciting  as that  first, teasing  time when  I
    fucked both brother and sister.  Guess I'll have to find some twins  at
    school this fall.

