Archive-name: Family/famstud2.txt
Archive-author: Ed Dippus aka Fast Oeddie
Archive-title: Family Stud - 2


					- Chapter 2 -


	After calling out to me in the shower, Mom proceeded to
Karen's room.  She knew something was up as soon as she walked in. 
She smelled S-E-X in the air, and Karen was wrapped up in her robe
again, holding it tight around her and looking guilty as hell
huddled in the corner of her bed.
	"Karen, what's going on in here?" she asked, stepping in and
shutting the door behind her.  She was dressed in her work outfit,
a pleated white blouse (which looked like the shirt you wear under
a tux), a black bow tie, a short, tight black skirt and black mesh
hose.
	"Nothing," good answer, Sis!
	"Don't tell me ... what's this?!"  Mom stooped and picked up
my polaroid.  Luckily, my face wasn't in the shot.
	"Uh, I was, uh, well ..."
	"You were masturbating, weren't you, karen?"
	Relieved beyond belief, Karen copped to the lesser charge. 
"Yes, Mom, yes I was.  I'm so sorry.  I'll never do it again!"
	"Oh, cut it out," Mom cried, but not angrily, as she sat on
the end of the bed, "there's nothing to be ashamed of, everyone
does it.  But I am worried about this photo.  Did you take this of
Bobby, dear?"
	Once again, Karen couldn't believe her luck.  But she made it
even more innocuous than it was, "It's Bob, Mom.  But I didn't take
it.  He just gave it to me.  He wants me to fool around and he
thought it would excite me and make me want him."
	"Well, I see it worked.  Mmmm, and I can see why.  He's got
quite a large one, doesn't he."
	"I wouldn't know large from small, Mom.  I haven't seen any
others, but it does look nice."
	"No, of course you wouldn't dear.  And it is nice.  But I wish
you wouldn't fool around with him.  What you were doing just now
is perfectly fine to release tension, but you don't need to have
intercourse with Bobby."
	"But Mom, I like him a lot and I want him to like me.  But if
I don't fool around, he might find some girl that does."
	"Well, there are other ways to keep a man interested without
risking it all, you know.  Have you thought about just using your
hand on him, the way you do on yourself?"
	"Oh, come on, Mom.  I don't know a lot, but I do know that
guys and girls do it differently.  I wouldn't even know what to
do."  Karen was really laying that innocent stuff on thick.
	Mom considered this for a minute, then said, "I'll be right
back."
	A few minutes later, Mom returned with a large shoebox.  She
placed it on the dresser and extracted a very realistic looking
dildo from it.  This flesh-colored monstrosity was about six inches
from base to tip and possessed a pair of balls as well.  Karen was
speechless as Mom began her lecture.
	"As you know, this is what a penis looks like.  You can
probably tell from Bob's photo that men masturbate like so."  Mom
began stroking the dildo lightly.  "By continuing with this motion
for an extended period of time, you can cause a man to ejaculate. 
Of course, you may vary the motion, going faster and slower, or
gripping tighter or looser.  Fondling his testes like this will
also provide some variety."  Mom lost her composure a little then
as she cracked into a guilty smile and said in a conspiratorial
whisper, "Your father used to love when I'd do this for him.  He
especially liked when I'd fist just the head, like this."
	"That's great, Mom, but won't jacking him off get a little...
old after awhile?"
	"I don't know where you picked up such language, but, yes, it
may," Mom admitted, "but you mustn't let him pressure you into
intercourse.  You must put him off."
	"But Mom, men can be so insistent.  Won't he argue that I'm
just doing something he can do for himself?"
	"Well, you have to be firm.  But if a man is extra insistent,
and there's no other way out, you may try fellatio."
	"Oh, wow, what's that?" Karen asked in (well-faked) wide-eyed
wonder.
	"Fellatio is the art of stimulating a man orally.  Your father
also said I was a wonderful fellatrix."
	"Mom, do you mean cock-sucking."
	"Yes, honey, that is a vulgar way to put it.  Other terms
include blowjob and giving head.  It requires much more technique
and lots of practice to do well.  I usually begin by stroking it
with my hand, then I move it into my mouth, licking and kissing it
entirely.  Then I hollow out my cheeks, applying gentle suction
with my lips and keeping my tongue against it.  A steady up and
down motion then usually finishes the job nicely."
	"But, what about the cum?"
	"You can swallow it, spit it out, or finish him with your hand
if you don't like the taste.  I always just swallow; it's much less
of a mess that way.  Here, observe my technique on this."
	Mom then began huffing and puffing up and down the length of
the dildo.  Karen began to get really turned on by this.  The fact
that our Mom was turning her on didn't phase her at all.  By the
way Mom's nipples were poking against her white work blouse, it was
clear that it was having a similar effect on her.
	After several minutes of demonstration, Mom handed the dildo
to Karen and instructed her to try.  Karen, whose expertise I can
attest to, enthusiastically swallowed the whole length of the fake
dong after only a few preliminary tongue swipes.  Mom squealed in
surprise "My goodness, Karen, you're a natural," as her chest
heaved with pants and her thighs squirmed under her short black
skirt.  Karen pulled away the dildo and, lips glistening with
saliva, asked in a breathless voice "But what about me, Mom, I'll
be so hot I'll want to do more than this.  Not even masturbating
can fulfill me now.  I feel empty, I want to be filled."
	Mom seemed out of it at this point.  Her eyes were slightly
glazed and her breath was short.  She considered a moment, then
came up with the solution.  "You already masturbate, so I guess
there's no harm in adding a little stimulation to that process. 
You could borrow this dildo here when you want to be filled.  But
I'm not sure you could take it."
	"But Mom, I want it!" Karen whined.
	"Okay honey, here, lie down.  But let's do this right."
	Karen couldn't believe what was happening, but the little slut
was incredibly turned on by this.  We always knew that Mom was
highly sexed (her shoebox of sex toys was no news to us), but that
she was highly bi-sexed was incredible.  Sis was the type of person
who would try anything once and most things twice.  Her philosophy
(and mine) was that if it feels good, do it.  If it feels real
good, do it a lot.  Hence her masturbation in the living room. 
Hence our tete-a-tete (interruptus).  On now, she was about to get
into it with Mom.
	Mom turned out the lights in the bedroom, but the glow from
the streetlights lit the room enough for them to see each other. 
Karen lay back with her robe sashed loosely at her waist.  Mom
knelt on the floor beside her.  She reached up and opened Karen's
robe, exposing her completely.  Mom then put her arm under Karen's
neck and whispered in her ear. "Okay, baby, begin by touching
yourself with your hands."  As Karen reached between her own thighs
with both hands, Mom began stroking her stomach lightly.  Karen
hunched closer in to Mom and moaned lightly.  Mom whimpered in
answer.  Almost imperceptibly, Mom's hand crept down Karen's torso,
her fingers first brushing lightly at Karen's golden pubes, then
twining into the curls.  Karen began humping her hips up into her
own hands as Mom's hand rode lightly, palm down, just above those
hands.  Karen brought her right hand up to her own breast, tweaking
the nipple and massaging the round globe of flesh.  Her other hand
slid up, covered Mom's and brought it back down to the juicy young
pussy.  Together, mother and daughter stroked the sweet gash and
swollen clit.  
	Mom's breath was hot and heavy in Karen's ear.  Suddenly,
Karen turned her head, paused for a moment, then plunged her lips
onto Mom's.  Mom responded warmly, increasing the pace of her hand
on Karen's slit while trying to tongue her tonsils.  They stayed
locked in that kiss while Mom slipped first one, then two fingers
into her daughter's juicy pussy.  Karen humped her hand hard, all
the while increasing the pace on her own clit.  Her right hand
returned to join her left.  Then Mom pulled away gently.  "I think
you're ready for 'Dick' now, honey."
	"Oh, Mom," Karen giggled "what a silly name.  I love you, Mom. 
I'm ready.  Please give him to me."
	Mom picked up 'Dick' from the floor, then said "Let me warm
him for you," and slipped it into her mouth.  After a few moments
of dildo deep-throat, she pulled the glistening fake phallus from
her mouth and moved it to Sis' snatch.  Mom teased Karen a bit by
rubbing the dildo between her pussy lips a while and teasing the
clit with the head.  Then she straightened it out, bent down,
kissed Karen, and slid the dildo into her snatch.
	As 'Dick' slid home, Karen took in a long shuddering breath,
then let it out in a long, low moan.  Her hands were gripping Mom's
shoulders.  Mom's right hand was still under Karen's neck as her
left manipulated the dildo slowly in and out of her pussy.  Karen
moved her hands in towards Mom's neck, then began unbuttoning her
blouse.  As Mom fucked Karen with the dildo, Karen moved down the
pleated front of Mom's work blouse.  When all the buttons were
undone, she began pushing the blouse off Mom's shoulders.  Mom
pulled her right hand back, shrugged off that sleeve, switched
hands on the dildo, then shrugged off the other sleeve, leaving her
in her bra, skirt and hose with that black bow tie still around
her throat.  Her left hand returned to dildo duty, while her right
began caressing her daughter's tits.  For her part, Karen began
kneading Mom's larger, fuller tits through her bra, then undid the
clasp, which was conveniently located in front.  As Mom's tits
burst free, Karen whimpered hungrily and began sucking on the large
nipples, swollen with lust.  Mom whimpered back.  Karen's hand
dropped between Mom's knees and snaked up her skirt.  Expecting to
encounter fabric, she was surprised to find that Mom wore stockings
... and no panties.  Her fingers progressed unobstructed to Mom's
glistening, swollen snatch.  "Mom!" Karen grasped, dropping her
liplock on Mom's tit. 
	"I never wear them to work," Mom said, "I get much bigger tips
that way."  Then she let go of the dildo and stood up to shuck her
skirt.  Clad now only in garterbelt and hose (and that incongrous
bow tie), she lay down next to Karen and took her in her arms.  "I
love you, Karen," she breathed, "I want you to feel good."  Then
they commenced to kissing again, running their hands freely over
one another's body.
	Finally, Mom grabbed hold of the dildo once again.  She sat
up a bit and began pumping it in and out.  Then she knelt over
Karen's body, picking up the pace.  Then she leaned over and, as
Karen moaned out her approval and assent, began lashing her
daughter's bulging clit with her tongue.  Karen kept one hand on
Mom's head and tweaked Mom's nipple with the other, then moved it
around Mom's ass and slipped a finger into her pussy.  They kept
this position for awhile, Mom tonguing Karen, Karen finger-fucking
Mom.  Then Karen began to pull Mom's ass closer to her head.  Mom
didn't struggle, but quickly assumed the full 69 position over
Karen.  Karen plunged her greedy tongue into her mother's pussy.
	Within minutes, both were humping like crazy, rubbing their
pussies into each other's face.  The dildo was discarded in favor
of a full oral attack, and mother and daughter each had her arms
hooked around the other's thighs.  Karen began to feel a tremendous
orgasm coming on, and lost her concentration in the feeling.  Mom
considerately stopped humping her face and concentrated on bringing
her squirming daughter off.  A short labial attack followed by a
full clitoral assault, and the objective was achieved.  Karen
arched her back as she reached the precipice, then lunged forward
as she came violently, her screams muffled in her mother's wet,
furry snatch.  Mom swung around, gathered Karen in her arms, and
kissed and licked her own juices from her daughter's face.  Then
the two slept.

		---------More to CUMMMMM!!!!!!!------------
--
