Copyright  1997, MAX FREE, ALL Rights Reserved  

File FamSx01E.txt   Title:  'Family Sex, JUNE' (MF g inc)   Author: Max Free 
Part 1 of 4. 'Family sex' is a series about the development of family sex relations

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of 
the author.  Else it may be freely distributed on condition that this notice remains attached
and that the usual precautions have been taken to prevent it being read by unauthorized
persons, especially under age children, or by persons that might be offended by its contents.  
  
The author may be contacted by E-mail at max_free@anon.nymserver.com .


*****************************************************************   
                                            JUNE 

                                        by Max Free
*****************************************************************  
David recounts: 

We are in the year 1973. 

       Our daughter June is fifteen years old. I , David, her father, am 39, and her
mother, Clare, is 35. June is a charming girl - in fact a young replica of her mother
- blond, blue eyes, slender but with nice curves here and there at the right places
and beautiful legs. She has firm, not too big, apple shaped breasts, a little well
groomed tuft of blond hair over her slit and a very nice looking ass I was often
tempted to grasp already when she was very young but just playfully slapped now
and then when getting the occasion. She also has the same character as her
mother, open, friendly and uncomplicated. She is quite good at school. She does
not have many friends but some very good ones.  

      Clare and I have always had a busy life and that explains that we have very
casual sundays: we rise late and breakfast is very informal, he or she who is first
awake and downstairs taking the necessary initiatives. So it happened one
beautiful summer Sunday, about five years ago when June was ten, nearly eleven,
years old, that I was the first out of bed and I got the idea to wake up my daughter
and bring her an orange juice on her bed. I opened the door and, SURPRISE, June
was lying on her back, completely naked, her legs opened wide with her knees
drawn up, the fingers of one hand very busy in her little hairless pussy and with her
other hand softly stroking the nipples on her budding tits. She was moaning very
softly, her eyes closed, obviously enjoying some very nice fantasy and feelings.  

      My wife had already told me once, when June was seven years old, that she
was sure she masturbated - we heard later from June that she remembered doing it
already when she was five - but because many children masturbate at an early age
we did not worry about it, as a matter of fact we were happy that she did, as we
considered it to be a nice preparation for more mature sex activities later on, and
so we did not pay any more attention to it. But now there was a problem because,
just when I thought I would leave her alone with her fantasy, June opened her
eyes, saw me standing there, got very red in the face, in panic pulled the sheets up
to hide her naked body and started to cry. Obviously she was very ashamed and
feeling guilty. And I felt guilty too. Obviously we should have told her long ago
that we knew she was masturbating and that we were even happy that she did,
explaining to her our views on the subject.  

      So I put down the orange juice, sat down beside her on her bed, kissed her
and took her in my arms. Then I said "June, I am sorry that I did not knock before
entering, we all have a right to our privacy, but please don't feel guilty or even
awkward about what you were doing. It is very normal for a girl to seek pleasure
with her little cunt, frigging, masturbating as it is called in the books. Masturbation
is as normal as kissing and fondling, nearly all girls do it sooner or later and
many women continue to do so even when they are married, besides having sex
with a man".   

      June looked up to me obviously very relieved that I was not at all mad with
her but still with tears in her eyes. So I kissed her again, entered a hand under the
sheets and started stroking first her arms and shoulders and then also her budding
tits while I continued : "There are certainly many boys who would like to play with
your pussy or even to have full sex with you giving you the pleasure that you are
now getting from masturbation but of course you are too young for that. But, as I
said, even when you will have full sex with a boy later on, I mean when you will
let him fuck you with his dick in your cunny, you may very well continue to
masturbate now and then. Masturbation means freedom, you can live any fantasy
you want in masturbation without asking the help of anybody or asking anybody's
authorization.   

      June now had stopped crying and wiped away the tears from her face. I
pushed down the sheets uncovering her beautiful young body and continued to
stroke her, going all the time lower down her body and finally to her legs,
meanwhile putting little kisses on her tit buds and finally licking her nipples and
softly pinching them with my lips. After a few minutes of this I looked up and
asked her "Do you like what I am doing? Shall I continue ?" . Her eyes had closed
savoring these new sensations and now she opened them looking at me in rapture
sighing "Yes ... Yes ... Please ... ". So I continued to lick and suck her tits to
stroke her body and finally also her thighs while she again closed her eyes enjoying
these new feelings.   

      After some time June opened her eyes again and said "Oh Daddy, that is so
nice. You must do this more often." and I replied "Yes my little darling, I will
come as often as you want and also show you all kinds of other ways to have
pleasure with sex. It also gives ME pleasure and in this way I can teach you a lot
of things about sex in a very agreeable manner. In school they just teach you the
mechanics of making children but I will show you a lot about having and giving
pleasure with sex. You must realize, however, that father and daughter having sex
fun together is thought sinful by very many people and even is forbidden by law.
So if we do it you must be convinced that we are not doing anything bad: we are
not harming anybody and we both like to do it. If ever I am doing something that
you do not like you must tell me immediately and you are of course completely
free to stop meeting with me for sex at any moment. Forcing somebody to have
sex is a terrible thing.  

      So you understand that you must never talk about our little games with
anybody, NOT EVEN YOUR BEST FRIEND. I think you are strong enough to
keep this big secret without feeling guilty about it. Tell me, do you think you
can?"  

      " Yes, but what about mommy ?" 

      "Oh, she will be delighted to hear what we have done and intend to do in the
future. We have very liberal opinions about many things and also about sex.  I
think she will even want to participate in our sex games, if you agree of course.  

      I resumed the stroking, licking and sucking of her little tits, the nipples of
which had become very stiff and June laid her hand on my head, stroking my hair,
closed her eyes again and, stretched and began to purr like a very content cat.
While I continued to stroke her thighs she automatically opened her legs and I
began to stroke their inside and now and then also her pussy. After some time of
this the door opened and Clare came in! She had wondered where I was when she
woke and did not find me in bed or anywhere else in the house. She was of course
rather surprised to find me caressing our naked little daughter, but when I made a
sign to her to leave us alone for the moment she tiptoed out of the room closing
the door very quietly behind her.   

      When I told Clare later what had happened, she of course fully agreed with
what I had done and with my plans to teach our little June the pleasures of sex.
She was in fact rather excited and said that she hoped that one day soon June
would like her to join us in our little sex games; she also told me that she hoped
that June would like to be fucked by me one day soon, she thought that that would
be tremendously exciting for her to see.  

      This first time I did not continue very long. After stroking her hairless pussy
for some time , which she obviously liked very much, I kissed her and left her
alone. I am sure she continued frigging for quite some time, and now without
feeling a bit guilty. When one night some days later I asked her if she would like
me to come up to her room later on, she hugged me and said "Yes, please daddy,
it was so nice last time! It is much nicer than when I do it myself". That night I for
the first time rubbed her little clit, giving her very much pleasure.  When I finally
left her I told her that I liked very much doing this with her, it excited me also, but
that I still would only come again if she invited me, to make sure that she really
wanted me to come.  And she did, already the next day!  

      The following weeks I spent many hours at and in her bed. I from the
beginning went to her wearing only a pair of shorts but soon we were always both
naked.  In fact we all had always very often walked around naked in our house.
Often I went to see her before she went to sleep and I fondled her and rubbed her
little clit until she was completely content and then very rapidly was asleep with
rosy cheeks. On Sunday mornings when she had no special engagements we spent
a little more time together.  

      June always let me do with her what I wanted, but I progressed only very
slowly, there was no hurry and I certainly did not want to hurt or scare her or even
let sex replace any other pleasant activity in her life.  

      I still remember the first time I kissed and licked her pussy. I started by soft
caresses on her little tits which seemed to grow a little bit every day, although
luckily they never became very big, I do not like big tits -- Clare does not have big
ones either. After I had fondled her tits for some time I stroked downwards over
her soft belly around her little mons, that was now covered by a soft down, over
the outside of her legs and then back upwards at the inside. She, as always,
automatically opened wide her legs, uncovering her treasures in full confidence.   

      June has a very nice pussy and I find it rather exciting that her inside cunt lips
protrude just a little as an invitation to explore a little further. Near her pussy the
inside of her legs was, and still is, incredibly smooth. (In later years, when I was
sitting in a chair and she stood beside me I often could not resist, even with people
around, to secretly feel her up along the inside of her legs, finally pushing a finger
into her pussy that immediately had begun to moisten. Later I would then relish in
the smell of my finger!.) Also then the feeling of her legs made the hardon I
already had even harder. When I started to stroke the outside lips of her pussy I
could see a little humidity on her slit and the lips themselves became a little
swollen.   

      My rubbing her clitoris made her start to moan softly. When I then started to
kiss her pussy, scenting her deliciously exciting young girl smell there, she pushed
down on my head with her hands and even more when I opened her pussy lips and
went in with my tongue to stroke her there with it, going each time from her little
cunt hole to her clit.   

      I of course enjoyed our meetings enormously, but I became rather frustrated
not getting immediate relief in return. Luckily my wife, being very much aware of
my problem, each time was waiting for me to satisfy my then very urgent needs.
Of course I thanked her thereafter by bringing her to a nice orgasm. My reports on
my doings with June were also very helpful as she found them very exciting.   

      After the first time I put my tongue in her pussy June said she liked it very
much but, still, wasn't it gross? This gave me the occasion to tell her to be always
prepared to have her cunt licked, i.e. she had to be always very clean there, but
without exaggeration: I like the taste of a pussy and so do most men. I told her the
same was true for her whole body. Especially her hair should be clean and without
nasty smells.  

I gave her some more advice on how to really please men ( i.e. me of course! ):   

- Hair feels nicest when completely natural so she should never use a hair spray     
that makes hair feel like nylon wire  

- If later on she would apply a perfume,  it should always only be one her lover     
has given her, and then with great moderation   

- Every man likes to be able to feel up a girl until he reaches her pussy, so she
should never wear a panty hose when with him. Ideally she shouldn't even wear
panties.   

- Many men, that means me again, do not like a hairy pussy, so she should later on
always keep the region around her slit free from hair, leaving a nice bush on top.    


       The day of her eleventh anniversary she got a great unplanned present, she for
the first time reached a really great orgasm, with a loud shriek, bucking when I
continued to lick her slit and alternately pushed my tongue into her little love hole
and licked and sucked her clit, holding and kneading her nice ass. Finally she
called out to me "Daddy  Stop it ... Stop it ... I can't have it any more!". When she
had recuperated from this tremendous experience she kissed me all over my face
and on my mouth. We finished tenderly french kissing for some time.   

                                                   *** 

      A few days later I told June that her mother was really dying to participate in
our sex games.  She would not only very much like to see us busy, but she would
also like to participate in petting June and bring her to orgasm. June was a bit
surprised as she had never thought about girls making love with each other, but
she immediately agreed, realizing also that that would permit her to see her
parents make love, quite an exciting perspective!   

      We chose the next Sunday for this new experience. Very early I went to fetch
June. I took her naked in my arms to our room and put her on our bed next to
Clare, who immediately started to kiss her, saying "Oh June, I am so happy to
have you here with us both" and then we started to bring her to orgasm together.
This first time only I kissed and rubbed her very wet cunt and sucked and licked
her stiff clit, now and then pushing my tongue inside her love hole while Clare
kissed her everywhere se and sucked and licked her little tits. Soon June was
moaning and  crying out "Oh Daddy   Oh Mommy this is so great  YES   YES  
YES",  finally having a great orgasm.  When she could speak again she said "You
were right daddy, this is even nicer than with you alone".  

      Of course Clare and I were also quite excited by all this; I had a very hard
cock and Clare's slit was drooling. So we told June to just let us fuck while she
was recovering. We did not need any further preparations and soon we were
having a nice fuck in the missionary position, preferred by me.  I saw that June
was looking on with great interest, soon unconsciously rubbing her clit. When
Clare and I had finished we asked June what she thought of our fucking and she
said that she had liked every second of it.  She was also very impressed by our
reactions, seeing and hearing how much we loved it.  

      We then gave all our attention again to little June and this time it was mainly
Clare who brought her to orgasm, first alternatively licking her clit and her slit and
pushing her tongue into her love hole and finally licking her clit while cautiously
finger fucking her; I meanwhile contributed by sucking her little tits.  It was a
great sight!  Clare had never before done it with a girl or woman and she found it
a great experience.  She especially liked June's taste, not at all the same as her own
that she regularly experienced when sucking my cock after I had fucked her.  June
later said that her mother maybe knew even better than I how to please her with
her tongue, perhaps also because Clare's tongue is much more slender than mine
and entered much deeper into June's love tunnel.  

      That day Clare gave June also a demonstration of cock sucking.  June was
very excited when she saw how her mother took my cock in her mouth and
sucked it until I started to cum.  Clare let June see how my jism spurted into her
mouth and on her breasts and let June taste a glob.  June gave us a laugh when she
said that she found the taste 'interesting'. Since that day when I had sex with June
it was nearly always together with Clare.  June just asked us if she could come and
we seldom had reason to refuse.  

      After a number of these meetings, June asked me if I would let her also bring
me to orgasm.  She had seen how her mother did it, using her hands and mouth,
and she thought it would be exciting to do it herself. June proved to have a natural
talent for cock rubbing, but of course she had had very good demonstrations from
Clare.  

      June soon took great pleasure in masturbating me. She started of course with
just rubbing my cock using her 'free' hand to meanwhile stroke my body, especially
my balls and my nipples.  She rapidly found out how to give me the most pleasure
and how to control my cumming by looking up at my face to see my reactions and
of course listening to my sighs, groans, moans and cries. She sometimes teased me
on the brink of cumming for a long time but at other times, when I needed it very
much, she made me cum very quickly.   

      After some weeks I also taught her to suck my cock. She started very timidly,
just giving a few licks, but very soon, maybe appreciating the taste of my precum,
proceeded with great enthusiasm.  She understood very soon that especially the
underside of the head of my cock was very sensitive and also that I loved it when
she softly stroked not only my balls and nipples, but also the inside of my legs and
my ass hole, while sucking. At first she let me always spurt my cum all over her,
but several times she scooped up a little of my cum to taste it and she started to
like it so much that soon she very often let me cum in her mouth, swallowing as
much as possible of my semen with relish.   

      In the course of the years June even learned to admit the whole of my cock
into her mouth and throat. It is true that my cock is not especially large but still,
Clare had never even tried to do that until then, so I was delighted when June after
some trials and a little gagging at first, managed to get all of my cock inside,
touching my bush with her lips. I found fucking my little daughters mouth as if it
was a cunt terribly exciting and she was very proud that she could deep throat and
let me fuck that way.   

       June became more and more aware of the fact that also giving pleasure was
very exciting and when I asked her if she would not like to try and make cum also
her mother she was immediately very enthusiastic.  She had already very often
seen me suck and rub Clare to climax and knowing what she liked herself, she was
very successful in getting Clare to orgasm already the first time she tried.  She
found it a tremendous experience to be able to control her mother's feelings and
emotions just by licking and sucking her slit and clit and by finger fucking, while at
the same time kneading her breasts and rubbing her nipples or holding and
kneading her buttocks now and then letting a little finger stray inside Clare's ass
hole.  For me also it was a great erotic experience to see my little daughter bring
my wife, lying in my arms, to a very intense orgasm.   

                                              *** 

      And then one day June, after I had been fucking Clare for a few minutes ,
asked me, if I would fuck her also afterwards. I found this a very exciting idea.  I
had of course thought I would fuck her one day but not so soon.  Nevertheless,
June then was already about eleven years and a half and there really was no good
reason to refuse. I would not even need to put on a rubber because I had had my
little operation preventing me from making any more children: there are already
too many people on this world. So I agreed, and after Clare had recuperated
enough after I had fucked her - without letting myself cum yet, I wanted to save
all my gism for June - we started out on that great event, the defloration of June
by her father. She knew of course that this first time I might have to hurt her, and
I told her that she could stop me at any moment, but I did not expect that she
would suffer very much since we had already often finger fucked her and also
because she was already very well lubricated as a result of our previously fondling
her.   

      So, after a lot of kissing, we laid June on her back and Clare pushed her legs
up and out to as much as possible expose and open her cunt. Clare then kissed and
licked June's slit a little more and a few times entered her pointed tongue as far as
possible in June's moist, narrow tunnel causing June to sigh and moan from
pleasure. Then my wife made room for me and she took my cock in her hand,
using it to rub our little daughter's slit and clitoris. Finally she positioned my very
stiff cock at the entrance of June's cunt hole and, asking her to relax as much as
possible, I started to slowly push my cock inside.    

      Clare then lay down  alongside June taking her in one arm with her head on
her shoulder and I put my hands on her tits and kissed her mouth and her eyes,
June sighing "Oh Daddy that is nice Oh that is nice". For me also it was a great
feeling to be inside her and looking down at my cock going in and out of my little
daughter's beautiful nearly hairless cunt was really heaven and so exciting that it
was difficult for me not to cum immediately. Although she was very narrow, I had
no problem whatever to continue pushing in my cock, June being completely
relaxed.    

      Soon I was fucking her in a very normal way without having had to hurt her at
all. While I was fucking June, my wife rubbed June's clit to make sure we would
cum at the same time, calling out to me "Yes Dave, fuck our little girl!   Fuck her! 
". Soon June started to cry YES, YES, OH GO ON , YES GO ON, GO ON ,
DADDY FUCK ME, and finally she gave a shriek and began to cum pushing me
inside her with her feet and drawing me to her with her arms. She had a
tremendous orgasm which even intensified when she felt at least six jets of cum
shoot deep inside her. When she had calmed down a little, June, still panting, rose,
put her arms around me and said: "Oh Daddy , I love you ... I love you ... it was
so nice, you must fuck me very often ... if mommy agrees of course", and she
showered me with kisses. Clare told June that she could fuck me as often as she
wanted, if she did not completely exhaust me. She told me later how excited she
had been seeing our little girl lie there with her legs wide open, my big cock going
in and out of her little girl's cunt and hearing June moan and cry.  

      We shall never forget this occasion. We continued hugging and kissing each
other for a long time before we at last went down for breakfast, being very
hungry.     

                                             *** 

      During the years that followed, June was with us for sex very often. I each
time fucked her at least once and often several times and in several ways,
missionary style, doggy, etc. She found it especially exciting to ride me, looking
down at my cock sliding into her pussy or, even more, looking at my face
observing how I enjoyed her fucking me.  And Clare never tired of seeing me fuck
her little daughter.    

      Coming back from a business trip late one evening, June was then thirteen, I
found Clare and June together in bed and I quickly showered to join them, but
when I entered the room they told me to sit down and first be a spectator. So I sat
down on a chair in a corner of our bedroom while Clare and June were on the bed,
also naked of course. And then Clare and June resumed their kissing  and fondling.
After some time of this Clare lay down beside June in 69 position and soon they
were licking and sucking each others cunts and clits, each comfortably lying with
her head on a thigh of the other. When they also started to finger fuck each other
they both began to moan and call out to each other, obviously they were very near
orgasm.     

      In the mean time I had been rubbing my cock, but now, also because I had not
had any sex for more than a week, I could not resist the temptation to jump on the
bed and participate. June was now on top of Clare and I went at my young
daughter from behind pushing my cock into her very wet and slippery pussy. My
wife continued licking and sucking June's clit, now and then giving a lick at my
balls and my cock. Very soon we came all three in a magnificent shared orgasm
and then Clare and June cried "Welcome Home!".   

      After that we often had these threesomes, in the same way, or me doggy
fucking one of them who sucked the other's cunt. Sometimes one of them just
prepared my cock and then guided it into the other's waiting hole. June also liked
it very much to participate when I was fucking Clare by meanwhile kissing her
breasts, sucking her nipples and rubbing her clit, thereby giving Clare great
orgasms.  

      When June was fourteen she began to have boy friends, but she never fucked
one until recently. A month ago she met a boy of seventeen, John, whom she liked
very much and whom she decided to let fuck her, on a beautiful warm night in a
wood under the stars. This meant the end of our regular sex meetings. But she
knew that Clare and I missed her very much in bed and, although fucking with
John was heaven, as she told us, she missed our threesomes also a bit, so we
occasionally still have sex, about once a month, and we expect this will continue
as long as she will live near us.   

      And, who knows if John will not one day participate in a foursome with us.
Clare would certainly like that and I would find it very exciting to share Clare and
especially June with another man. If it happens I will tell you all about it. And now
I have started fantasizing, once John would have adopted our love-life style, why
then wouldn't his parents join us also. I would find it very exciting if June sucked
my cock while being fucked in her cunt by John's father and in her ass by John
himself or to see John fuck his mother or Clare while I am fucking June. With a
group of six one can really make some exciting combinations (a pity that I have no
gay tendencies, then there would be even more). And it would be much safer than
having sex outside, also from a point of view of secrecy. But how could we start
such a group? One can only propose this kind of thing to people who are ripe for
it and how can one safely find this out?  

      But of course these are only day dreams.         

                                                        THE END 


==========================================================  
Part 2 : JOHN       
Part 3 : JUNE and JOHN       
Part 4 : JOHN and JUNE's CHILDREN 
==========================================================  

      














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There..... 