Archive-name: Family/famstud1.txt
Archive-author: Ed Dippus aka Fast Oeddie
Archive-title: Family Stud - 1


					- Chapter 1 -

	It was quite a shock to my system to find my sister naked in
the living room.  I almost fainted, so quickly did the blood rush
from my head into my dick.  For speed of tumescence, naked siblings
are tops.
	Of course, my appearance had the opposite effect on her.  As
her gaze met mine, her hands, which had been between her legs, flew
to cover her breasts.  Her legs, which had been splayed wide,
snapped shut so hard her knees bounced.  And her color, which had
been a sexy red flush, turned a ghostly pale.
	"What the fuck do you think you're doing?!" she yelled.  "How
dare you stare at me like that?  What are you doing home?"
	How typical.  I catch her jacking off naked in the LR and she
yells like it's my fault.
	"Fuck you!"  I yelled.  Stunning repartee, I know, but it
somehow leapt easily to mind.
	"Yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you, you pervert!"
	"Hey, I'm not the one masturbating here!"
	"Like you never have?" she snorted, "Little Boy Perfect, never
whacks off!"
	"If I didn't, I sure would now."
That left her open-mouthed and staring and (for once) silent.  I
escaped upstairs, leaving her to try to recover her shredded
dignity.  Also, I WAS going to jack off!
	Minutes later, I was naked on my bed.  My shaft jutted
skyward, begging for relief.  As I stroked my rod, I had my eyes
shut tight, recreating in my mind's eye Karen's surprisingly full
tits, her golden-hued pubic patch.  I imagined her hands, instead
of covering her nips, lifting them up, first to me, then to her
lips.  I could almost feel ....
	a draft?  What the....?!
	CLICK-whirrrrrr.
	"Gotcha!"
	Karen bounded from the room, now clad in a white terry-cloth
robe, a Polaroid camera in one hand, an about-to-be embarrassing
photo in the other.
	It took me about 30 seconds to hop into my jeans.  Most of
that was being careful not to zip up my still-hard rod.  Then I
stormed down the hall, ready to tear her room apart to find that
photo.  But as I burst into her room (by now you've probably
figured out that our bedroom doors don't lock), Karen was just
sitting quietly on her bed.
	"Okay, bitch," I growled, but stopped short when I saw the
strange look on her face.  "What's wrong?"
	"It's so big," she whispered.  Then I noticed she was staring
at the photo.
	In an uncharacteristic bit of modesty I said, "Not SO big. 
It's only seven inches or so."
	"But Bobby's is so dinky compared to yours."  Bobby was her
studly jock boyfriend, though apparently not so studly.  Then she
looked up suddenly with a gleam in her eye.  "Let me see it."
	I could say I refused.  I could say I turned around and left
the house without an incestuous thought.
	But why lie?
	I just unzipped (carefully) and basked in her admiration.
	Karen slid off the bed onto her knees in front of me.
	Closer....
		"It looks so nice."
					...closer...
						  "So big..."
							  ...closer...
								   "So...tasty."
											...BINGO!!
	She inhaled me.  My knees buckled from the sudden onslaught
of pleasure and I grabbed the back of her head.  She bathed my
shaft right fine, 'throating me in no time.  I don't know where
she'd learned to handle it (not from Bobby), but she did me like
a pro.  Her frantic tongue whipped the underside of my shaft.  Her
tonsils cuddled the head like a pussy.  Her nose was buried in my
pubic hair.  After 5 brain-numbing minutes, however, she slid back
up onto the bed, opening her robe and cooing "You know, I never
came when you interrupted me so rudely."
	"A thousand pardons, madam," I said, kneeling at her feet and
parting her knees.  "Allow me to rectify that."
	Oh, sweet snatch!  I love sucking pussy, even when it's a
little funky and tastes it.  But Sis was so nice, clean, juicy and
tasty that I was in Seventh Cunnilingus Heaven.  My enthusiasm must
have showed in my tonguing, because soon Karen's heels were
drumming on my back, her head was rolling and her red-tipped
fingers were mashing her tits together and squeezing her nipples. 
There's nothing so hot as looking up at a girl's face, framed by
her tits, as you eat her pussy!
	Pretty soon her mewling became more of a deep-throated growl. 
Then, without further warning, she sat straight up, grabbed the
back of my head, ground her pussy against my face and shuddered
silently through her orgasm.
	After she had let go and flopped back onto the bed, I caught
my breath preparatory to climbing up and fucking her brains out. 
Just as I got up, we heard the front door open and our Mom call
"hello" as she returned from her waitressing job.
	I grabbed my jeans and skedaddled into the john, the only door
upstairs that did lock, and started a shower.  As the warm water
cascaded around me, I picked up the soap and began to jack off
again, extremely frustrated.  I had been THAT close.
	Mom called "hi" again from the hall.  I grunted back at her,
finished myself off, stalked to my room and fell asleep.  Had I but
known what was going on I wouldn't have gone to bed so frustrated. 
As it was, I never did again.  But Karen filled me in on what
happened later.

			-  More to cummm!!!!!!!!! -
--
