Copyright © 1997,     Max Free.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




File: FamSx04D.txt Title: Family Sex, JOHN and JUNE's CHILDREN (ped inc group)
Author: Max Free 
Part 4 of 4.'Family sex' is a series about the development of family sex relations

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of 
the author.  Else it may be freely distributed on condition that this notice remains attached
and that the usual precautions have been taken to prevent it being read by unauthorized
persons, especially under age children, or by persons that might be offended by its contents.  

The author may be contacted at max_free@anon.nymserver.com .  

************************************************************           
                                JOHN and JUNE'S CHILDREN   

                                       by Max Free

************************************************************ 

David - June's father, see Part 1 : JUNE - recounts: 

      It is now 1995.  June and John married 17 years ago and their two children,
Michael and Marsha, are resp.  17 and 15 years old.  Soon after Marsha was born
John graduated and they went to live overseas.  They came back three years ago
and live near us again. 

      During the 11 years they were abroad we never saw June and the children, and
very little of John.  June wrote us many letters, however, in which she also told us
how she and her husband John managed to create a great sexual relation with their
children.  Before recounting what happened after they came back, here are some
extracts from these letters:  

*************************************************************          
                                     JUNE'S LETTERS

*************************************************************  
      In one of her first letters June told us that she and John would try and
impregnate Michael and Marsha with those liberal ideas, especially about sex,
which had brought herself and John so much happiness and pleasure.  They were
of course well aware of the fact that our ideas go against public opinion.    


      This is what June wrote us once on this subject:

 .....
      It is strange how our culture seems to be afraid of sexual pleasure.  As a
matter of fact, pleasure in general seems to be suspect, as something offered by
the devil.  Even in porno this idea of sin is maintained, e.g.  porno providers
themselves often use words like 'filth', 'dirty' and 'smut' when offering their
products, and writers of porno stories indicate women having pleasure with sex as
'sluts'.   

      We of course do all we can to protect and arm our children against such
destructive ideas, to begin with by teaching them to be positive about pleasure,
including that procured by sex, and to forget about taboos.    

      So we taught our children from the beginning of their life to have pleasure, but
always without harming others, as much and as often as possible, using all their
senses, touch being especially important e.g. when taking a bath or letting
themselves be fondled.   

      We also encourage them to have pleasure as much as possible in company, and
we do not miss an occasion to let them discover that one of the greatest pleasures
is to GIVE pleasure.   
.....

     
      Later June wrote: 

.....
      Yesterday something happened that will certainly interest you.  It concerns the
sexual education of Marsha and Michael, now resp. six and eight years old.     

      As you know, we try to bring up our children constantly providing them with
as much information on sex as possible appropriate for their age, often without
them even realizing that we are talking about sex.  Until now that was not very
much, but recently we discussed masturbation with them - letting them understand
that we knew that they masturbated, more or less often and maybe already since a
long time - and we explained to them how their cunny/cock, that now procured
them such nice sensations, later could, and we hope would, serve to start a baby.    

      As part of their sexual education we also got them used to be naked when
together or with us, so we all often unselfconsciously walk around in the house or
in our sheltered garden without clothes on.   

      We have never pushed Marsha and Michael in their sexual development, i.e.
we have never taken the initiative, simply letting nature take its course.  Yesterday
chance caused their sexual experience to increase with a great bound.  

      When they came to our room - of course naked, we all sleep naked - to join us
in bed, as they often do on Sundays, they found us fucking and this upset them
very much as we were just going at it very vigorously, making them think that we
were fighting! Luckily we had heard them open the door and seeing their scared
faces we immediately stopped fucking and asked them to join us on our bed,
which they did, with some hesitation, seeing us sitting there panting, John with a
big glistening hard-on and I with a dripping cunt! When Michael, at our question
what was the matter, told us that they thought we were fighting, we started to
laugh, but then we said we could understand they had thought we did, because
fucking, i.e. having adult sex, may give that impression as it is so exciting, but,
really, we were just making love! 

      We then reminded them of what we had told them when we had discussed
their masturbating, and we told them that fucking gave us the same pleasure as
that procured by masturbation, only more and better.  David then asked me to lie
down on my back with my legs held high and the children to go and sit on both
sides of me.  He then showed them, putting his still rigid cock in my cunt and
making some slow fuck movements, that to fuck was just 'rubbing' his cock inside
my pussy and he explained how that, at the same time as giving him pleasure, also
provided much pleasure to me, as if I were masturbating.  Doing it together
making everything even more exciting.   

      The children followed our little demonstration with great attention and
although this had not been our intention, it rather excited them, our eight year
old's cock immediately standing up stiff like a pencil.    

      Letting John's cock slip out of my wet pussy and sitting up again, I then told
them that they themselves could improve their masturbating by doing it to each
other, and I said to John "Let's show them how."  


      I then asked Michael to lie down on his back beside me and started to suck his
still very rigid little cock, at the same time alternately stroking his balls and his
nipples.  He was first so surprised that he cried "Mom, what are you doing?" but
after a few minutes of this he cried "OOOH that is nice OOOH!".  Meanwhile
John, following my example, had asked Marsha to lie next to Michael with her
legs spread wide and had begun to softly rub her little cunt, now and then letting a
finger enter her slit and tickle her clit.  When Marsha then began to push up her
pussy against his hand, John uncovered her stiff little red clit and began to
cautiously lick it while softly stroking her nipples, causing Marsha to sigh and
moan from happiness and to urge him on saying "Ooh daddy Nice Nice Ooh go
on!".   

      After some time of this I told Michael that it was now his turn to look after his
little sister and to lick her cunt.  Having seen John do it and how this seemed to
please Marsha, who now gave many little cries of delight, he did not hesitate a
second and began, first very cautiously using only the tip of his tongue, but, when
he caught on to her reactions, more boldly, to lick and suck her clit.    

       When Michael had done this for some time we let the children inverse their
roles and soon Michael was panting from the pleasure Marsha's little mouth was
providing him by sucking his cock.  It was great to see him look lovingly at his
little six year old sister while with one hand stroking her beautiful long blond hair
and with the other her soft arms, neck and shoulders. 

      Finally we even showed them how they could pleasure each other
simultaneously by doing a 69.  We warned them, however, that this was perhaps
not the best method, as it is often very difficult to concentrate on providing
pleasure when experiencing great pleasure oneself.  This did not prevent them
from soon presenting us with an exciting picture of our two children writhing and
moaning with pleasure.  Michael, as a real gentleman had let Marsha go on top
where she had immediately continued to suck his erect cock, while he had grasped
her little behind and had begun to lick her pussy from below.    

      Looking at them being so happy together I regretted that I had not had a big
brother when I was a child but I know I should not be ungrateful.  I had such a
nice and uninhibited time with you both.   

      In the mean time John and I had now become so horny again by all this that
we resumed our fucking next to our children.  It is a pity you were not there, it
must have been great to see us fucking next to our little Marsha and Michael
making love. 

      We continued like that for quite some time until we all were exhausted and
just lay panting on our bed.  At last we went downstairs for a well earned
breakfast, all still naked, John taking Marsha on his lap and I Michael, fondling
them while eating.   

      We told them during this breakfast how happy we were that they had so much
pleasure together, but we warned them that sex between brother and sister, and
even more so between parents and children, was thought by many people to be
very bad and anyway was against the law, so that they must never speak to
outsiders about their sex play, not even hinting to it, not now or ever.   
 ..... 


      A month later June wrote: 

.....
      The morning of sex with Marsha and Michael about which I wrote you a
month ago has had several nice consequences.  Now we can leave the door of our
bedroom open when we are fucking there and we may also spontaneously start to
fuck elsewhere in the house or in the garden where the children can see and hear
us.  When they know we are at it they just leave us alone or quietly wait until we
have finished, if they do not simply join us and make love together.     

      They hardly ever masturbate alone anymore, preferring very much to do it in
each other's company and very often they then also masturbate each other.  They
told us that they indeed not only like it very much to be masturbated but also to
give the other pleasure looking at, listening to, and sometimes even feeling or
tasting the reactions of their 'victim'.   
.....

      

      For a few years June had not much news to tell us about the sex of and with
her children, but then she wrote:   

.....
      As they often saw us fuck since their initiation to mutual masturbation a few
years ago - we had the impression that they now and then came just to look at us
fucking, the little voyeurs, especially Michael who when he comes alone usually
masturbates while we fuck - we should of course have expected that Michael -
even though he still is only just twelve and Marsha ten - would one day try and
fuck Marsha, but we did not.   

      This morning Michael did, however.  We heard cries coming from Marsha's
room, soon changing to shrieks of "No Michael..  No that hurts..  Stop it!!".    

      John and I ran to see what was going on and found them sitting with unhappy
faces on Marsha's bed, both nude and Michael with a considerable hard-on; his
cock is already quite big for a twelve year old and he starts to get a little hair on
his pubis.  Now that they had already gone so far we did not want to forbid them
to do it in the future but we told them that many things must be learned and also
nice things like fucking.   

      So we told them that they should never start fucking without a thorough
preparation, as Michael no doubt had tried to do this time.  He should see to it
that Marsha's fuck hole was nice and slippery before he put his cock in it.  For this
she could of course masturbate herself but I said that personally I found it nearly
always much nicer if John did it, so I suggested that normally Michael should
masturbate Marsha until her cunt became very moist.  I told him also not to
immediately start fucking even then but to continue until Marsha let him know that
she wanted him inside her.   

      John then took Marsha in his arms and showed Michael what we meant:
kissing her face and then her nipples while rubbing her clit a bit and then going
down on her and licking her slit and clit, now and then pushing his tongue into her
secret hole, he first got most convincing vocal reactions from Marsha and soon
she then sent a flood of cunt juice down her ten year old love hole.    

      John told me later that her cunt juice has a delicious taste.  I decided to verify
that as soon as possible; I remember, mom, that you also liked mine very much
already when I was a little girl, when I was twelve I believe!   

      Very soon Marsha was crying out from pleasure and then John, using his
thumbs, pulled open her slit a little to show Michael how moist it had become and
he let him cautiously stick a finger into her hole to let him feel how nice and
slippery it was.  In the mean time I had been gently rubbing Michael's cock, after
some time also softly licking and sucking it to make it nicely wet, and then I told
him that if Marsha wanted it he could now fuck her.  Marsha then cried "Yes Yes ,
my pussy feels so nice and wet, I want to feel his cock inside me" , while she
already fucked her little wet hole with one finger.  Michael then positioned himself
between Marsha's legs, just like he had so often seen his father do with me, ready
to push his cock into her.  We told him to enter her very slowly, making very short
fucking movements, in order not to hurt her too much when penetrating her
hymen and also to prevent himself from cumming too quickly.    

      So they started their first fuck, cautiously, under our guidance, and thanks to
our advice defloration caused Marsha hardly any pain.  When Michael sensed
Marsha's hymen we asked Marsha to push her pussy upwards to force Michael's
penis inside.  She did so with a little cry as it hurt, Michael instinctively responding
by pushing his cock completely in.  We then told Michael to wait a few minutes
with his cock inside Marsha to let her get used to feeling him inside while we
kissed and fondled her - telling her that when she would have her first
menstruation, no doubt in a month or so, she would already be a real WOMAN -
and then very soon they were nicely and normally fucking giving each other great
pleasure, kissing and stroking each other, giving cries of delight, Marsha clasping
Michael's body using both her arms and her legs and telling him how nice his cock
felt inside her.   

       It was great to see Michael's cock smoothly glide in and out of his little ten
year old sister's cunny.  We could not get enough of looking at them, John even
spurring Michael on shouting "Yeh Yeeeh Michael Fuck her Fuck her Fuck your
little sister !", but finally we left them to their pleasure and they continued fucking
for a considerable time.    

      When they at last came downstairs they kissed and hugged us warmly, they
said they were so happy.  There had been only little pain and very little blood and
Marsha obviously was very proud of having been deflowered while Michael felt a
real MAN having done it.   
.....

      

      In her next letter June wrote:

.....
      After we had shown them how to prepare for fucking, as I told you in my
previous letter, there were no further cries of distress coming from the children's
rooms but only cries of delight and of excitement, and that very often, they fuck a
lot.  It even has happened a few times that they were looking at the television,
unconsciously stroking each other and becoming so hot that they started to fuck
then and there, while John and I in the meantime had become so horny looking at
them that we also began to fuck.  The inverse has also happened.  They also often
come to us on our bed to fuck there while John fucks me and to look at John and I
make love.   

      We find it very moving to see these children fuck; they always become very
excited, even if Marsha does not yet reach full orgasm.  Michael does, but still
without ejaculating, making also Marsha very happy for him each time.     

      Marsha had liked it very much when John had masturbated her, and now and
then she wants him to do that again.  I then meanwhile always rub and suck
Michael's cock a bit before our children finish fucking together.    

      Once, when John was away, I profited from the occasion to both suck
Michael's cock and lick Marsha's cunt - she told me I did it very well! I can
confirm that Marsha's taste is delicious, so fresh!   We find it very arousing to give
our children pleasure.   
.....

      

      Clare and I were of course very happy to know that June and John had the
same kind of relations with their children as we had had with June, but we were a
little worried about their children having full sex without taking any precautions,
especially after we read in the news the other day of an eleven year old boy who
had knocked up a fifteen year old girl.   


      June's next letter put our minds at rest, however:

.....
      Recently, shortly after Marsha's eleventh birthday, we decided that Michael
should not fuck Marsha any more, anyway not without any precaution, probably
we should even have decided that earlier, but they were always so happy together!
Anyway, this morning when the children came to us on our bed for sex play, we
had a serious discussion with them.  We told them that we preferred Marsha not
to start taking the pill before she was fifteen.  Thinking that Michael using a
condom would not be 100% safe, and moreover because John himself hates to use
a condom because he finds it takes away much of the sensation and therefore
pleasure of fucking, we had another proposal and that was simply that WE would
fuck with them.  John had confessed to me that he certainly found the idea of
fucking his little daughter delightful while I also was very excited at the prospect
of Michael fucking me and that certainly has influenced us in making this proposal. 

      We told our children that they of course could continue to give each other
pleasure in many ways, but if they wanted to fuck, it would be with us.  Marsha
now being eleven and already having been fucked by Michael, who as I told you
has a quite large penis, we thought that Marsha would be able to accommodate
John's cock without any problem.  After all, I told them I was only eleven and a
half when my daddy started fucking me and I had not before that been fucked, as
Marsha, by a little brother with a big cock - when I said that Michael looked very
proud.    

      Marsha and Michael at first were a bit disappointed when they heard they
would have to stop fucking together, but they accepted our decision and were on
the other hand very excited when they heard what we suggested as a replacement.  
 

      Our children wanted to start fucking with us immediately, although Marsha, a
little nervous, looking at John's long brown cock that very convincingly showed
his excitement at the prospect of fucking his little girl, asked John to be very
cautious.  Of course John, hugging her, assured her that he would be very tender
with her.   

      This became a morning we will never forget.  Both wanting to savor every
second of this first time of each of the children, John and I did our fucking one
after the other.  John started by taking little Marsha in his arms kissing her and
stroking her little tits and hard nipples, asking Michael to separate her legs and to
kiss her pussy and then, parting her cunt lips, to lick her cunt, now and then
licking and sucking her stiff little red clit or pushing his tongue as far as possible
into her love hole.   

      I meanwhile first caressed Michael's balls and cock, but then I switched to
John's.  Although he really did not need any extra stimulation to keep a stiff cock I
wanted his cock to be very wet for it to glide easily into Marsha's pussy.  I wanted
her first experience of her father's cock to be as delightful as mine had been.  Do
you remember dad? I still remember it as if it were yesterday and not more than
twenty years ago.   

      When we thought Marsha was sufficiently prepared for her first fuck with
John, he went to sit between her legs.   

      It was very moving to see Marsha lying there waiting for her big father to fuck
her, a slim little girl, a smooth body with just a hint of future boobs but stiff little
nipples betraying her excitement, slender legs held high and wide showing a
delightful moist slit, gaping just a little, thin arms spread open as if indicating her
complete surrender, deep blue eyes looking avidly at the big cock that soon was to
enter her body.   

      I grasped John's cock and began to rub Marsha's slit with it causing her to cry
out panting "Yeh Yeh Ohh that is nice Ohhh Daddy please put it in PLEASE!". 
After letting me tease her like this for a few minutes John started to very slowly
push his cock between her little labia into her narrow hole.  At first John could
push his cock in only a little, but by cautiously going in and out, each time a little
further, telling Marsha to relax and just let her daddy's big cock glide in, it finally
started to go in deeper, Marsha crying out "Oh Daddy It is big It's big Oh Daddy
It's nice Oh Daddy Yes go on!"..  Obviously his cock did not hurt her at all, it
really is not so very much bigger than Michael's, and soon it had disappeared
completely in her cunt, after which John started to fuck Marsha really vigorously,
Marsha's clasping him in her arms.  Meanwhile I rubbed Marsha's clit calling out to
John "Yes Yes John fuck our little Marsha, fuck her!".   

      It was exciting to see my big John's glistening cock glide in and out between
our daughter's pussy lips under her beautiful little blond bush, a blush on her face,
her eyes now closed for concentration.  Marsha became ever more excited and
finally pushed with her feet against John's butt each time drove in his cock, crying
out her pleasure.  John was very excited fucking his little eleven year old daughter
for the first time and very soon he cried out "Oh Marsha my little love I'm
cumming", while kissing her hotly all over her face.  I had increased my rubbing of
Marsha's clit and when Marsha felt John's semen gush into her cunt she shrieked,
opening her eyes wide, and had an orgasm herself, the first full orgasm of her life.   

      John first stayed lying above his little daughter kissing her and then turned
over on his back, keeping Marsha in his arms while she came back to earth. 
Meanwhile his cock gradually became limp and after some time left her little cunt
letting escape a real stream of cum and cunt juice that seeped down on his balls. 
Marsha then grasped his head with both hands and began to cover his eyes and his
mouth with hot kisses.  When she had calmed down a little she said "Oh Daddy I
will never forget this.  Feeling you cum inside me was terrific, I never imagined it
could be like that."  

      Then she slid off John and went into my arms saying "Thank you mommy.... 
Thank you....  I love you so for your letting Daddy do this with me" and then she
gave me a thousand kisses.    

      It was high time now, however, we turned to Michael who had been looking
on, his erect cock showing his excitement and I said "Now it is your turn my
darling Michael.  I shall try to make this as nice for you as it was for Marsha. 
Come and kiss my breasts a little and my nipples".   

      When Michael knelt down beside me and started to hug and kiss me, Marsha
bent down to take his already stiff cock into her mouth to suck it and John rubbed
and then kissed and licked my pussy, very quickly causing it to become even
wetter than it was already from looking at his fucking Marsha.  After a short time
Marsha let go of Michael's cock and, knowing her big brother said "You had
better start fucking mommy or you will cum while I suck you".  I then raised my
legs and opened them wide so that he could easily enter me.  He stayed a few
moments looking at the feast before his eyes, a ripe woman with full breasts and a
wide open cunt, juices dripping from its hole, a memory for life.  Then I drew him
on top of me grasping his cock and guiding it into my hole, Michael crying "Oh
Mommy how nice!".   

      I also was delighted feeling my son's cock enter my cunt for the first time. 
Michael immediately started to fuck me while he continued to suck and delicately
bite my nipples, John calling out "Yes Fuck mommy, Michael     Fuck her!" I soon
began to moan with pleasure stroking his back and pushing him inside me with my
feet just as Marsha had done with John.  Michael probably had expected to find
my cunt much wider and therefore less exciting for his cock than Marsha's but I
had a nice surprise for him, being able to use my cunt muscles to grasp and knead
his cock.  This really drove him wild and very quickly he reached orgasm crying
"Mommy mommy I am CUMMINGGG Oh I love you!".  I had in the mean time
kept my excitement on level by rubbing my clit and I managed to cum immediately
after him crying out my love for him.   

      John and Marsha looked on, Marsha in John's arms.  

      There is nothing like sex to unite a family, as you know.  That morning was
really one of the most beautiful in our lives, it was sublime.  All those who think
that incest is necessarily dirty should have been able to see us that morning.   
.....
      


      A few months later June wrote: 

.....
      When Michael fucked me today, he likes to do so very often, I felt him for the
first time spurt cum into me, very nice, and a great event for my Michael who is
now a real man! We had a feast dinner to celebrate this.   
.....
      

      We continued to receive many letters with enthusiastic stories about their sex
with the children, here is an extract of a letter we received shortly before John,
June and the children came back:  

.....
      We continue to have a lot of sex with the children, they are really insatiable
and John is so happy when he fucks Marsha! The children as well as John and I
have a busy life but now and then we have a quiet day amongst ourselves and then
nearly always we make love with the children.  It often starts very innocently, e.g. 
Marsha sitting on John's knees while he explains something to her, but then
Marsha starts to softly rub his cock 'to see how fast it becomes hard'.  Very soon
they then are naked and fucking there and then.  Sometimes I do the same with
Michael.  He never resists me when I start to rub his cock, e.g. when he stands
next to where I am sitting.  He then is always fucking me in record time.    

      This morning I seduced John for Marsha, I like it so much to see him fuck her! 
We were all in the sitting room, still with very little clothes on.  I had Marsha on
my knees and John Michael.  I then started to rub Marsha's pussy, letting John and
Michael see it, secretly rubbing also my own, and soon Marsha's cunt became very
wet and she started to moan.  This was too much for both John and Michael.  I
could see Michael's cock become hard very rapidly while he started to rub it,
opening his bathrobe, and when he jumped off John's knees, John's hard-on also
came very much in evidence.  John then jumped up, pulled Marsha from my knees
and pushed her on her back on the carpet.  She immediately opened wide her legs
and he entered her pussy in one stroke.  Marsha gave a cry of bliss.  They did not
take long to get to climax.  Meanwhile I had laid down on the sofa where Michael
soon was fucking me like mad while I now and then looked down at John fucking
Marsha. 

      Afterwards in our bedroom John thanked me for my naughtiness by making
love to me for a long time.  
.....
     

      This is from the last letter we received:

.....
      Today was Marsha's twelfth anniversary.  We - John, Michael and I - went to
her room for a surprise wake-up.  We quickly had Marsha on her back with her
legs wide open and first John, then Michael and finally I eating her.  When Michael
saw my drooling cunt he grasped me by my hips and asked "May I mom?" and,
lifting my mouth for a moment out of my daughter's cunt, I told him "Yes Please
Michael!".  Michael shoved his cock deep into my cunt and began to fuck me very
rapidly, really like a doggy, and very soon I felt him push in his cock as deep as
possible, jetting his sperm into my hole.   

      All this made John so hot that he pulled me away from Marsha and started to
fuck her while I took Michael's cock into my mouth to suck it clean.  I very much
like to suck Michael; at fourteen his cock is already quite big and he seems to be
able to cum ten times in succession.  When I felt Michael was ready again, I asked
him to fuck me once more, but this time giving me time to cum.  After we had
cum all four crying, shrieking or groaning, I ate Marsha again to clean out John's
cum and her juices.  This made her so hot that she wanted John to fuck her again,
which he did with great pleasure while Michael and I kissed her on her mouth,
kneaded and kissed her beautiful boobs and rubbed her little clit.  She soon again
had a very nice orgasm.  This time it was Michael who cleaned out his father's cum
from her pussy while she affectionately stroked his hair and John and I looked on:
we are a happy family! Even though we had eaten a lot of cum and pussy juice, all
this had made us quite hungry so that we then decided to have breakfast.   
.....
      

*************************************************************          
                                      June's letters, end
*************************************************************  

      

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
AN INTERLUDE


      We were very happy when June and John and their children arrived.  They
seemed in great form.   

      After the usual hugs and kisses we took the time to have a good look at
Marsha and Michael whom we until now knew only through June's letters. 
Marsha, at twelve, was a very charming little girl with long silky blond hair and
sparkling blue eyes.  She already had pert little breasts that she obviously was very
proud of and liked to show off as much and as often as possible.  Michael, at
fourteen, was a very attractive boy, at least according to Clare, no doubt a better
judge of boys than I am.  He has the dark complexion of his father John and
surprisingly blue eyes.  Both children were, and still are, not only easy on the eyes
but also very agreeable company, intelligent, open, gentle and cheerful.    

      I must confess that my cock twitched when I looked at Marsha, realizing what
a hot little piece she no doubt was and I am sure Clare's cunt also became a little
wet looking at Michael.  We had some reason to daydream a little about them
because we knew that they were going to stay a few months with us.    

      John had come back having accepted a job at our local university and June
was going to resume her studies, which had been interrupted when Michael was
born but before they would settle down here they had to finish a job abroad which
would take a few months and so they had asked us to look after their children
during that time which of course had accepted to do with great pleasure.    

      June and John would leave again after staying for two days with us.  As soon
as we were a moment alone with them they came with a surprising request.  The
children would of course very much miss their parents during their absence, one
important reason being that they would not be there to fuck them.  Therefore June
and John asked us if we wouldn't like to replace them for sex with their children
during their absence.  And did we! I must say that our hope to once again have sex
with June and John but also with their children had been an important stimulant for
Clare and I to keep our bodies in as good shape as possible all these years.    

      June told us later that her children when asked the same question had
hesitated, although they knew how much we had enjoyed having sex with their
parents.  June had told them exciting stories, of how she had been fucked for the
first time by her father, when she was eleven, and how John, when he was just
eighteen, had surprised their mother doing a 69 with Clare and then fucked them
both.   

      June assured them that Clare and I were just dying to continue the family
tradition with them, but they hardly knew us of course.  So June and John had
suggested that the six of us would have a sex afternoon before they left, Marsha
and Michael of course being free to do and to submit to what they liked.  After
that they then could continue to meet us for sex, if they liked, after their parents
had left.  The children accepted this proposal, although still with some anxiety, and
it was decided that we would have this very special family gathering the next
afternoon, June and John leaving thereafter that same day in the evening.    

      After lunch the next day we cleared the sitting room downstairs, put down a
number of mattresses and then we all removed our clothes.  We then saw that
Michael already had quite some hair on his pubis, as also Marsha.  We asked the
children to please call us Dave and Clare.  If we were going to do some fucking
with them we did not want them to call us gramp and gramma!   

      John started by fucking Clare while I was fucking June, being very happy to
feel my lovely daughter's body once again under me with my cock inside her, the
children sitting together on a sofa as very interested spectators, softly stroking
each other's thighs and genitals; Michael immediately had a very convincing
hard-on.  When John asked Michael to join him, he did so, first stroking and then
licking and sucking Clare's tits.  After some time they swapped positions, John
sucking and Michael immediately fucking Clare and very rapidly cumming.    

      Marsha, not wanting to be left alone, came to help me, by rubbing June's clit
and sucking her tits, while one of my hands soon found its way up the inside of her
legs to finally rub her cunt.  Her mother then asked Marsha to let me suck her and
so we did.  I sucked Marsha's nice little pussy, getting to know her nice taste,
while June continued to stroke and suck her tits.  It did not take me long to give
her a nice orgasm.  After that I went back to my fucking June until we both had
cum.  Fucking her was as nice as it always had been.   

      Just before June and John left, there, was a good-bye ceremony, John fucking
Marsha and Michael June, Clare and I mainly just looking on.        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
THE CHILDREN OUR GUESTS


      Marsha and Michael proved to be very nice guests, cheerful and always ready
to help.  It was summer and they were not yet at school again so we showed them
all there was to see in the neighborhood, played tennis and swam with them in our
swimming pool and so on.   

      When the children came to say good night the first Saturday evening after their
parents had left, Marsha said that they were very happy to be with us but
nevertheless very much missed their parents.  On Sunday mornings they very often
went to play in their parent's bed and if they could now come to our room the next
morning.  We had of course hoped that these beautiful and hot kids would come
and so our answer was "We hoped you would ask" and there immediately was a
lot of kissing and hugging, our hands going astray under their nightgowns to fetch
a little 'pre-feel' of next morning's delights.    

      The next morning we were woken up very early by fourteen year old Michael
and twelve year old Marsha climbing naked on our bed, both obviously excited:
Michael with a nice hard-on and Marsha already quite wet between her legs and
with stiff nipples.  Thanks to our meeting a few days ago with June and John they
were not at all timid and we immediately started kissing and hugging them.  We
then asked them if they had any special wishes.  Marsha, who was already in my
arms told me that she always began sucking John's cock and she would like to do
the same with me.   

      Having my cock sucked by a twelve year old seemed a nice prospect to me. 
So Marsha grasped my cock with one of her little hands and she began to rub it
while I stroked her deliciously soft and beautiful little body and especially her nice
little behind.  When Marsha uncovered the head of my cock she saw a drop of
precum on it, immediately licked it up, and then said "Hmmm that is nice, but it
tastes different from daddy's".  She then put my cock as far as possible into her
little mouth.  Seeing and feeling my cock there was terribly exciting.     

      Marsha was very good at cock sucking, having practiced a lot with her father. 
When I felt I was going to cum I stopped her and told her that I wanted to do
some petting first.  While showering her with kisses, I continued to stroke her
body and especially her already beautifully developed breasts and hard nipples, and
then I went down to feel the inside of her thighs with my lips and against my
cheeks.  I wanted to know if her skin there was as smooth as her mother's and it
was! Maybe even more so, a delightful feeling! She was very proud when I told
her that.  She could then not resist feeling my hand between her legs and soon lay
down on her back.  How beautiful she was, with her perfectly formed little boobs,
her flat stomach, her long blond hairs flowing around her head, and offering her
already wet pussy to me, her slender legs spread wide, looking at me from those
intense blue eyes, smiling, panting slightly.   

      I dove into her little cunt and started to lick her slit and suck her clit, now and
then pushing my tongue as far as possible into her love hole, in the mean time
stroking and kneading her tits or squeezing her buttocks.  It was really heaven. 
She began to pant ever more strongly and her cunt became more wet by the
minute, soon calling out to me "Please fuck me now Dave Please...  Fuck me!".    

      When I entered her she uttered a great sigh of contentment and soon we were
fucking, Marsha moving her cunt to meet my thrusts.  We first fucked slowly, to
make the pleasure last as long as possible.  Looking down at my cock going in and
out of her small hairless cunt between its smooth labia was fantastic and I
delighted in feeling her little tits and suck and nibble her stiff nipples while fucking. 
After some time I began to fuck her ever more rapidly, and feeling that I was
going to cum very soon I asked Marsha to rub her clit in order to cum as quickly
as possible.  This she did and very soon she was crying out "Oh Dave Your cock
feels so nice I'M CUMMING , I'M CUMMING !" And then when she felt my cum
spurt inside her she cried out again "OOOOH OOOOH ", having a second orgasm
immediately after the first.  It was a feast, it was fantastic.    

      Meanwhile Clare had brought off Michael by sucking his big cock; at fourteen
he already had a nearly full-grown one.  He did a lot of moaning and groaning and
when he came he cried out very loud.  Clare delighted in feeling his cum gush into
her mouth and getting to know its taste.  Michael then thanked her with a lot of tit
and pussy sucking, obviously also enjoying very much the feel of her boobs and
her buttocks.   

      Clare soon needed his cock inside her and Michael, whose cock was already
stiff again took position between her legs and pushed in his cock drawing a
contented "Hmmm that is nice!" from her.  In the meantime I asked Marsha to
fuck me riding.  It was very exciting to hold her buttocks and to see her lithe
young girl body move fucking me.  She was very proud to be in control and
looked at me with a big smile on her face, panting, with her mouth wide open. 
Michael's cock meanwhile did its job very well and Clare helping a little by rubbing
her clit, soon reached orgasm, crying out when she felt Michael cum inside her.    

      Marsha, who had now and then thrown a loving look at her busy brother,
hearing him climax increased the speed of her fucking me while I began to thumb
rub her clit and stroke her little boobs and soon her smile changed to an expression
of intense concentration and then of pleasure when she felt me cum, cumming
immediately herself, falling down on me panting and kissing me.  She remained
like that for a considerable time, while I held her head against my breast, stroking
her soft hair and her smooth body, until my softened cock at last was pushed out
of her cunt, releasing the usual flood of cum and juices.    

      We ended this meeting asking them to do a 69 together, Michael sucking out
any remaining cum and cunt juice out of Marsha's cunt hole and Marsha
succeeding in getting Michael hard and even to make him cum again in her mouth. 
Clare and I found seeing and hearing them 69 very moving and exciting and we
have often asked them to do it for us during their stay. 

      These children were indefatigable, but finally we all got hungry and went
down for a well earned breakfast. 

      We did a lot of other things with these children during their stay but the
fucking sessions with them were real highlights. 

      Joyce and Bob were still living in the neighborhood and we had often been
together, also to have sex, while June and John were away.  When they heard how
much pleasure we had with Marsha and Michael they insisted that they should also
stay with them for some time in order to 'learn to know them'.  We knew that John
and June would have agreed with that and Marsha and Michael found the idea also
very exciting, having heard already many stories about their parents' sex activities
with Joyce and Bob.  So they went to stay with them for two weeks.  When they
came back to us they were very enthusiastic about their stay, having been terribly
spoiled by Joyce and Bob.   

      When Clare asked Marsha how she had liked Bob's long black cock, Marsha
blushed and said it was incredible.  But they had not only been fucking.  Joyce and
Bob had taken them to N.  where they had stayed in a hotel and where they had
done many of the things that are possible only in a big town.  Just walking around
and sightseeing had been great, but they had done much more.  The highlights had
been a Bach and Bartok concert and a Béjart Ballet.  They had never known that
music and movement could be made to go so well together, they had been
enchanted.   

      The mornings at the hotel had always started with a lively breakfast in Joyce
and Bob's room, with the "don't disturb" sign on the door, not for nothing: they
had done a lot of loving and fucking.  Just like us, Joyce and Bob had very much
liked to see Marsha and Michael make love and Bob could not get enough of
Marsha - luckily Marsha was delighted with that - and had fucked her a lot while
Clare sucked Michael and delighted in tasting his young and plentiful cum or let
him fuck her.   

      
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JUNE, JOHN AND THE CHILDREN
      

      When June and John finally returned, Bob and Joyce were away, so it was
only Clare, I and the children who went to fetch them from the airport and bring
them to our house where we had prepared a welcome meal for them.  During
dinner they told us how much they had missed the children, also for sex, and
Marsha, Michael, Clare and I had a lot of stories about all we had done together. 
When they heard about our sex activities they became very excited and they
promised to organize a grand fucking event with also Bob and Joyce present on
the occasion of the inauguration of their house in a week's time.  In the mean time
they said they could not wait to have a another three generations fucking with
Clare and me and the children and so we had one that same evening to the great
joy of especially the children.   

      After dinner we all went up to our bedroom where we dimmed the lights and
put on some soft music.  We had put down a few extra mattresses so that we
could indulge in all our fantasies.  Very quickly all six of us were naked.    

      John, having missed her very much, started by kissing and fondling his little
Marsha, very soon putting his face in her pussy to savor the smell of it and the
taste of the juice that started to arrive there immediately in great quantities, while
June kissed Michael and then proceeded to suck his cock, exclaiming that his cock
seemed to have grown enormously by fucking Joyce and Clare and was now
nearly as big as his father's.  When John started to fuck Marsha, who soon had
begged him to put his cock into her, June kneeled beside her to fondle her little clit
and softly kiss her titties and her mouth, asking Michael to fuck his mother in that
position.  He immediately grasped her haunches and pushed in his stiff cock
starting to fuck her wildly.  It was a great sight.  All four panted and moaned till
they cried out very loud one after the other with their nearly simultaneous
orgasms.   

      Clare and I enjoyed very much just looking on, lying on a sofa, Clare in my
arms.   

      After this soon the most extraordinary combinations were created.  I still
remember doggy fucking Marsha who was kneeling between her wide open
mother's legs, licking her cunt, while Michael was fucking June's mouth.  I saw his
cock go deep inside at every stroke.  Michael was so happy to fuck his mother this
way again! While this was going on John was nicely fucking Clare.    

      At another moment Marsha had to submit to three generations and liked it!
Her brother fucked her in her mouth and John and I relayed fucking her and
fondling her breasts and clit while she rubbed the free cock.  We kept her at a high
level of excitement for a long time until she beseeched us to let her cum.  Michael
then let go in her mouth, I spurted in her cunt and John let go on her breasts while
she was crying "Oh Yes Oh Yes Oh I am so happy!".  Meanwhile Clare and June
were busy 69-ing, savoring each other's cunts.   

      We stopped only when everybody was exhausted.  


      - THE GRAND FUCK

      The next week we had the 'grand fuck' at John and June's new house.  Clare
and I considered this to be also a sort of farewell party, thinking that we would see
much less of Marsha and Michael, at least for fucking, now that their parents were
with them again.   

      We started the day very calmly by inaugurating the swimming pool and then
we had a simple but nice meal.  During this meal there were no sexual activities,
apart from maybe now and then a kiss or a quick feel.  I at least could not refrain
from feeling up the inside of Marsha's legs, just fleetingly touching her cunt, when
she stood next to my chair, in order to savor her delightful smoothness there.  I
suspect that she had come to stand there just for something like that, the naughty
girl.   

      But then we were going to have some real action.  We went to the large room
June and John had had installed especially for sex play, just as Bob and Joyce had
done in their house.  There were several large low beds and a well furnished bar. 
The light was nicely dimmed.  While having sex fun, the bar was intended to
provide mainly soda's and juices, wine and whiskey sometimes being used
afterwards when we lay just talking or listening to music or looking at a film.    

      Once in the play room we all shed our cloths and then began a long series of
sex encounters with all kinds of activities with different partners changing all the
time on the spur of our desires.  We of course let June and John first choice.    

      John took Marsha in his arms, kissing her on her cheeks and in her neck while
letting his hands rove over her beautiful young body, and asked her to seduce her
grandfather Bob.  Marsha, remembering the incredible sensations his long cock
had given her a few weeks ago, ran to Bob and, looking up at him, smiling, took
his cock in her hands and began to rub it.  It became very stiff very rapidly and
then Marsha started to suck it, her father meanwhile with one hand stroking her
nice boobs and with the other stroking and kneading her fat, and nevertheless
resilient, little buttocks, repeatedly loosing his way between them, to feel and rub
her pussy and to now and then with one finger enter her slit and rub her clit.    

      When Bob felt that he was on the brink of cumming in Marsha's mouth, he
withdrew his cock from it and pushed her down on her back.  Marsha immediately
raised and spread her legs showing her open wet cunt and Bob pushed in his long
black cock until his black bush met her little blond one, drawing a long contented
sigh from his young granddaughter.  He then started to fuck her, her father
continuing to stroke her tits and clit and spurring on his father saying "Yes dad,
fuck her, fuck my little girl, spurt your cum inside her." Bob and Marsha soon
reached their climax and then John immediately took over from his father, fucking
Marsha until she reached orgasm again, and then squirting a new load of cum into
her love hole, Marsha, feeling this, giving a loud cry.    

      June who, quietly masturbating, had just been looking how her little girl was
being fucked, now asked John to make room for her between his daughter's legs
and then she started to lick Bob's and John's cum and Marsha's copious juices out
of her cunt.  This so excited Marsha that they were soon having a busy 69, Bob
and John now just playing the voyeur. 

      The others first had been just looking on but then Clare proposed a daisy chain
with the result that soon Clare sucked the cock of Michael who licked the cunt of
Joy who sucked the cock of David who ate Clare.  The daisy chain soon was just a
moaning and wildly wriggling chain of bodies. 

      For the rest of the evening we continued to make love more or less
haphazardly.  In fact, myself I did not think it very important if I was fucking or
sucking Joyce, Marsha, June or Clare as long as they liked what I did to them,
swapping my partner now and then in order to savor the differences in cunts, tits,
asses, odors and other sensations and sometimes joining in all kinds of exciting
combinations.   

      A few images will always remain in my memory, however, and that is when
her father and her brother let Marsha suck their cocks while I sat next to her
stroking her back and her nice buttocks.  In fact they alternatively fucked her in
her nice little mouth holding her blond head in their hands, she looking at them
lovingly from those beautiful blue eyes.  When they had both climaxed, 12 year old
Marsha sat there with a happy smile, showing a little pool of cum on her sweet
tongue, slimy cum dripping in long strands from her mouth onto her little boobs,
John and Michael still standing before her with stiff cocks, John with his hand on
her blond hair.   

      All went to bed that night very satisfied.  

      
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
EPILOGUE


      Marsha is now on the pill, so Michael can fuck her again, but soon Marsha and
Michael started to date and to have, at least temporarily, mainly separate sex lives
so that even Michael does not fuck her very often any more.  Nevertheless, Clare
and I and their parents are very happy that Marsha and Michael now and then look
us up, often also for some nice fucking. 

      Marsha and Michael told me once that they wanted to find sex partners who
would also like each other so that they might as soon as possible have nice
foursomes and thus brother-sister fucks again without hiding them from their
partners as they do now.  The ideal sex partners should also, they said, later on
want to give their children the same sexual freedom and education as they have
enjoyed themselves, so that they might participate in the sex plays of their parents
already at a very early age.  They think that their children could start sharing sex
with their parents even at an earlier age than they have done themselves; Marsha
thought that she would have enjoyed very much to be fucked by her father already
when she was eight years old - by the way, just as June told me once.    

      Ideally each pair would have two children, hopefully well assorted, the sex
gatherings - with four adults and four children - would then promise to be very
lively.  And if their partners would be like them, maybe there would also be
brothers and sisters in law interested in family sex! Anyway, they hoped that also
June and John would continue for a long time to participate now and then.  

      I hope for them that their dreams will come true.  To be happy they will have
to find partners having much more then only their ideas about sex in common with
them. 

      As I have said, luckily we are still fucking Marsha and Michael now and then. 
Not only during visits.  Now John and June are back we occasionally have old
style foursomes and sixsomes again - sometimes also viewing the films, porno
films and films of our spontaneous activities, we are now making - and then
sometimes the children participate, to our great joy.  Now and then making the
porno films also gives Clare and me occasion to see some nice fucking and
sometimes even to fuck one of our favorites ourselves.   

      I got a big surprise last year on my 60th birthday.  When I woke up on that
day Clare told me to have a shower and then go back to bed again.  She then left
me and I did obediently what she had asked me to do.  I was patiently waiting on
my bed when the door went open and in came my three favorite ladies, Clare, June
and Marsha, all naked, all laughing and crying "Happy Birthday!".  Of course my
cock immediately started to get hard and it became even harder when they then
began to stroke, kiss, rub and lick me at all the sensitive places of my body. 
Finally June sucked my cock until I was really ready, while Clare licked Marsha's
cunt and sucked her clit so that she became very wet.   

      Marsha then lay down on her back offering herself with her legs held wide
open, remembering that I preferred to have her like that and asked me to fuck her. 
At fifteen years she was really very exciting to behold, especially in that position,
showing beautiful firm apple form tits, not too large, just as I like them, with very
erect nipples, and a wide open cunt with a protruding red clit, glistening with her
juices, between a pair of gracious legs.  I first gave her cunt a lick to enjoy its
taste, and this was so delicious that I continued licking up her juices for some
time, but then I let my cock sink into her cunt, Marsha giving a big sigh of
contentment and June and Clare cheering.  When I started to fuck her, Clare
fondled her breasts while June rubbed her clit, thus assuring that Marsha and I
reached our orgasms together.   

      When we had recuperated a little I turned on my back with Marsha on top of
me kissing her tenderly and thanking her for this unforgettable birthday present
and I of course did not forget to include June and Clare in my thanks.  Later I told
John and Michael how grateful I was for this present which was also to some
extent theirs.  When they had heard what June and Marsha intended to do, they
had told them that they would make me the happiest man in the world and that
was the case!  

      I hope I will get the same present on my 70th birthday (and still be able to
profit from it)!  

************************************************************           

                                        

                                                   THE END  

      
      ============================================ 
       Part 1 : JUNE 
       Part 2 : JOHN 
       Part 3 : JUNE and JOHN 
      ===========================================


















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....