
	It was Saturday morning and I had to go put in some overtime at
work. It was beginning to get warm and I didn't much feel like working.
When I finally finished work I went outside to wash and wax the car and
putter around in the yard. Summer was here and I liked to be outside. About
three o'clock I went inside to relax a little while. When I got inside I
found a message on my answering machine. It was from a woman I knew asking
me to please come to her apartment to fix a leak under her kitchen sink.
The maintenance man was supposed to fix it two weeks ago, but he still
hadn't shown up to do it. I tinkered a little with plumbing so I decided to
go see if I could fix it. I called her back and said I would be there as
soon as I showered and ate an early dinner.
	I gathered a few tools and got there about 4:30. She already had
the sink cleared out when I arrived, so I opened my tool box and crawled
under the sink and went right to work. Soon I discovered that the problem
was a bad shut-off valve. I didn't have one with me and I told her I would
have to go find one. She gave me a key to the apartment and said to let
myself in when I got back as she had to shower for a date later that
evening. The hardware store down the block had the valve I needed and I
returned a few minutes later. She was still in the shower when I got back
so I had to wait until she was done so I could shut off the water to
replace the part. When the water stopped running I yelled to her that I
needed to shut off the water and ask her where the main shut-off was. She
said she would be out in a minute to show me where the valve was. I sat
down to wait, and a minute later I heard the door open. She came out
wrapped in a towel, just the bare essentials covered, her long, red hair
hanging on her shoulders still dripping wet. As I followed her to the
closet where the main was, the towel popped open a little as her hips
swayed and exposed her cheeks. She opened the closet and showed me the
valve. I shut it off and returned to the kitchen and crawled back under the
sink. As I started to work I couldn't help thinking about what I saw in the
hallway. She sure had great legs and now I knew what a great ass she had,
too. She asked me if I needed anything before she went to finish getting
dried. I asked if she had an old towel or two to wipe up any spills I made.
She said the only one she had handy was the one she was wearing, took it
off, dropped it beside me and walked away. By the time I got my head out
from under the sink to look she as gone. I sat for a minute wondering about
what I had just missed. Had she wanted me to see her in the buff? I went
back to fixing the valve but my mind was not on the job.
	I finished replacing the valve, cleaned up and put everything back
under the sink. She must be finished by now, I thought as I put my tools by
the door. I'd better tell her that I'm leaving now. As I walked down the
hallway I heard a strange humming sound. I called her but she didn't
answer. The door to her bedroom was ajar and I got closer to see what was
going on. Through the narrow opening I could see her lying on the bed. She
was stark naked! So that's what I missed earlier in the kitchen! She was
absolutely beautiful, her firm, lean body stretched out on the bed, her long
auburn hair draped on the pillow. The humming noise I had heard was coming
from a vibrator she was working in and out between her legs! As I watched
through the opening of the door she started pumping the vibrator faster and
she began to moan with ecstasy. I pushed the door open a little more to get
a better look and she seemed oblivious to the fact that I was standing
there watching her. Maybe she thought I was already gone. The excitement of
watching her was too much. I was so excited by this time that I had quite a
hard-on. She still didn't seem to know that she had an audience and I
quietly took off my clothes in the hallway. Her eyes were closed as she
continued to work herself to an orgasm with the vibrator. I opened the door
and crept over to the side of the bed just as she exploded into orgasm. She
opened her eyes and didn't seem a bit surprised to see me there and reached
out to grab my hand. She pulled me on top of her and reached down and
guided my hard cock in between her silky thighs to her wet, quivering
snatch. As I began pumping in and out she reached orgasm again and I could
feel the muscles of her womb squeezing my cock. Her hips undulated and I
pumped harder and faster plunging deep inside her with every stroke. A few
moments later we both reached orgasm in a wild frenzy. As I plunged in she
raised her hips to meet mine until we finished our orgasm together. I
stayed on top of her, my cock still throbbing inside her, and we kissed
passionately for a few minutes. Then I rolled over to lay beside her and we
continued to kiss and caress each other for a while. She had such soft,
luscious lips and as we kissed I couldn't help nibbling them and running my
tongue in between them. We were both still very much aroused with each
other and she reached down and dried my still hard cock with the sheets and
began to stroke it. She pushed me over on my back and told me "don't move,
I'll be right back." When she returned in a moment she had a can of
something in her hand, but I couldn't see what it was. She said "close your
eyes." I closed my eyes and she started spraying something cold and wet on
my cock and I opened my eyes and found her spraying whipped cream all over
me. "There, that ought to cool your tool for a little while" she said. I
sat up, grabbed the can from her, spread her legs and covered her pussy
with whipped cream. She reached down and began to lick the cream from my
cock and I laid back and pulled her hips up until my face was between her
legs and began to eat the cream on her pussy. We continued to eat each
other long after the cream was gone and soon she exploded with another
orgasm. She rolled off of me, turned around and mounted herself onto my
cock and started bouncing up and down wildly. Her pussy was so wet by this
time that with every up and down motion it made slurping sounds and her
juices ran down my cock. She continued to ride me and her hair bounced all
around her face and shoulders. As I was about to come I grabbed her hips
and pushed her up and down even harder so that my cock penetrated deeper
inside her and it felt like I was banging her up to her stomach. She was
having another orgasm and the muscles squeezed my cock tightly and I
couldn't hold back any more and shot another load inside her. She stopped
riding me and rolled off of me and laid next to me. We held each other and
kissed for a few minutes. Then I realized that it was quite dark outside
and looked at the clock beside the bed saw that it was 9:30. I said to her
"Didn't you say that you had a date tonight?" "Yes," she replied, "You were
my date tonight!" I realized at that moment that her plan was to get me
over to her apartment and seduce me. I sat up and said "You mean to tell me
that you planned all of this?" "I've been waiting a long time for you to
ask me out and I got tired of waiting, so I brought you up here so I
wouldn't have to wait anymore. As I watched you sprawled out on my kitchen
floor fixing my valve I knew I wanted to seduce you tonight!" she said.
	We talked for a little while longer as we laid in the bed together
and caressed each others bodies. I asked if I could use the shower to clean
up before I left and she showed me to the bathroom and handed me a towel. I
got into the shower and stood for a few minutes enjoying the warm water on
my body and closed my eyes, remembering the events of the last few hours.
When I turned around to start soaping up, I bumped into my beautiful
red-haired sex goddess! She had stepped into the shower with me and I
didn't even hear her get in. She smiled as she got the soap and began to
lather up my body. When she reached my cock she washed it over and over
again until it got hard. I grabbed the soap from her and lathered her body,
too. Her nipples were out again as I slid my hands over her shoulders and
massaged her breasts. I soaped her bush until it was white with suds and we
continued to caress each other until we were both quite excited again. We
rinsed off, dried, and I took her by the hand and led her back to the
bedroom and laid her on her back. She opened her silky thighs and I kissed
them all over until I reached her bush. I parted the lips and found her
throbbing clitoris and my tongue swirled around it until she couldn't hold
back any more. She reached orgasm and squeezed her thighs tightly around my
head as my tongue tickled her clitoris. When she finished I rolled her over
onto her stomach, pulled her hips up until she was on her knees and thrust
my throbbing hard-on deep inside her quivering snatch. I grabbed her by the
hips and pulled her towards me with every thrust and drove my cock in so
deep it felt like I was hitting her stomach. This really set her off and
she had orgasm after orgasm and her muscles were contracting so hard around
my cock I couldn't hold back any more and I shot another load into her hot,
wet pussy. We collapsed on the bed with exhaustion and laid in each others
arms. "I thought you said you were leaving," she said. "How can I go, when
you keep me 'coming' back for more?" I replied. We both laughed and
squeezed each other tightly.
	I woke up to the smell of bacon and I looked around and realized I
wasn't in my own bed. Before I could get out of the bed she came into the
room with a tray and set it on the bed next to me. She looked just as
beautiful as I remembered last night and she was wearing a see-through
negligee that was cut low in the front. As she bent over to set the tray on
the bed, her beautiful, firm breasts were exposed and I started thinking
about the night before. She noticed my cock rising under the sheets and
said, "Does breakfast in bed excite you that much?" "It does if you're the
main entree!" I said as I pulled her on the bed beside me. "Let's have our
breakfast first and we can play later," she said. So we had breakfast and
then made love later, first in bed, then in the living room. Later we
jumped into the shower to clean up and we soaped each others bodies and
became aroused all over again. She dropped the soap, and as she bent over
to pick it up I grabbed her hips from behind and thrust my cock deep inside
her. As I pumped in and out I reached around and found her clitoris and
manipulated it with my fingers. Before long she exploded into orgasm. She
pulled away from me, told me to lay down in the tub, straddled me and
mounted my cock. She bounced up and down wildly, banging my hard-on deep
inside and she came again and again. Finally my tired cock couldn't take
anymore and I came, too. We lay there for a minute, the warm water still
running over our tired bodies.
	After we finished showering I got dressed. "I really must be going
now. I had a great time fixing your sink!" I said to her as I walked to the
door. "Well, maybe next weekend I can find something else for you to 'come'
over to fix for me," she said. "If the rate of pay is the same, I'll fix
anything you have that's broken!" I replied.


