                          LINDA'S FANTASTIC EVENING
                     
         I  dressed very carefully for this evening for I knew it was
         going to be the Master evening of my life.   I  had  finally
         maneuvered  John  and  Steven  into taking me out, and I had
         fixed it so we would meet Jim later on.   The  obvious  next
         move  would  be for them to take me to dinner, I encouraging
         them on and then.....well who knows what would develop after
         that.  
                     
         I made sure my clothing was suitably arranged to awaken  the
         libido of any  man.  My dress fitted my luscious body like a
         second skin, clinging to my curves and accenting my  charms.
         Just  enough  cleavage showed to emphasize my large breasts.
         I didn't wear my brassiere in order that my jutting nipples
         could show through my sheer blouse.  My dress barely covered
         my plump thighs and was fashioned very snug over my inviting
         ass.  When I sat, my dress rode high to show a twinkling  of
         my panty-hose tops.  
           
         I  turned  in front of my mirror, making sure the effect was
         as I had planned.  John and I had been  out  before,  and  I
         knew  he  would be lusting after me just from my invitation.
         I had been teasing Steven for about a month now, letting him
         feel the pressure of my breasts on  his  arm,  then  lightly
         pressing my  ass  into  his  crotch.    On these occasions I
         noticed that these coy actions were producing the effects  I
         desired.  I had more than once felt the firmness of an erect
         cock after  these performances.  I knew that all I had to do
         was to increase my pressures and I would  have  Steven  just
         where I wanted him to be.  
                     
         The  mirror  reflected  just  the  picture I wanted, a lusty
         female,  putting  out  the   aura   of   desire   and   easy
         availability.   I  patted an imagined out-of-place strand of
         hair, made sure that all these effect  were  complete,  then
         undressed and  put  on  my  frilliest robe.  I went into the
         other room to await the arrival of John in a few minutes.  
                     
         When the light knock came  on  the  outer  door,  I  quickly
         arose, adjusted  my  robe and answered it.  John's eyes took
         in the magnificent woman standing there, and his cock surged
         before he could control it.  I smiled, seeing the slight mo-
         tion of the front of his pants, then said in my husky,  sexy
         voice, "Hello,  John, you're looking great.  Come in and sit
         down while I finish dressing for our special date tonight." 
                     
         I showed John to a convenient seat, bent to give him a light
         kiss on the cheek, letting him peek at my  massive  breasts,
         then, walking in my sexiest manner, strode to my bedroom.  I
         left  the  door  of  my  room  slightly  ajar  and  began to
         re-dress, knowing full well that John was  twisting  in  his
         seat  to  get  a  better  glimpse  of my putting on my outer
         clothing.  I moved slowly and easily, duplicating the entire
         picture I had achieved before John had arrived, then stepped
         into my living room to again see the desire arise in  John's
         eyes.  
                     
         "God Linda, you look beautiful," John whispered, "I've never
         seen you  look  so  desirable.   Let's just go to dinner and
         then see the fights some other day.  I just want to take you
         out and then come back here.  Shall we do it that way?" 
                     
         I laughed lightly.  "No,no, John, please not so fast.   This
         is  a  special  evening for me, and I would like to make the
         most of it.  No, let's do as we had planned, and after  that
         we will do as it comes about." 
                     
                     
         As  we  were leaving my apartment, I brushed John's arm with
         my outsized breasts, then smiled with amusement to myself as
         he tried to hide the rising bulge in his trousers.   I  knew
         that  the  first part of my plan for the evening was working
         and all I now had to do was to work my magic on Steven.  
                     
         John and Steven had rented a luxury  car  for  the  evening,
         complete with  driver.    The  car  was sitting at the curb,
         driver standing at the door.   He  opened  the  rear  doors,
         stepped back  and  motioned  us  inside.  Steven was already
         sitting in the rear seat and he jumped out  to  help  me  to
         take my  seat.  I settled in the middle of the spacious rear
         seat, making sure that my dress showed my legs to advantage.
         Even the driver noticed how attractive I  was,  and  my  two
         dates  exulted  for  being  the  escorts  of  such  feminine
         loveliness.  They settled in the seat on either side of  me,
         the  driver  started  the  engine  and  they were off to the
         fights.  
                     
         I had greeted Steven with a light kiss, leaning over to  him
         letting him  view  my deep cleavage.  I could not see in the
         darkness of the car's interior but I knew his cock was  ris-
         ing just  as John's had.  I smiled to myself and leaned back
         on the seat, riding easily, and the car sped us  nearer  and
         nearer to our destination.  
                     
         Just  as I had expected, Jim had made arrangements to attend
         the fights that night.  All three men met in  the  corridor,
         greeted  each  other  with  enthusiasm, and found our seats.
         All the men in the arena were looking at me as if I  were  a
         piece  of  candy  just  for them, the lust in their eyes ap-
         parent to anyone.  I felt just a twinge of fear, the fear of
         all women have when surrounded by men, but I  took  the  two
         arms  of  my  escorts  and walked close to them, and after a
         moment, I lost even that apprehension and began to  move  to
         inflame their passions even more.  
                     
         The fights were exciting, the crowds roared and shouted, the
         violence made passions rise.  I was caught up in the excite-
         ment jumping up, shouting and thoroughly enjoying the spec-
         tacle.   John, Steven, and Jim watched me, seeing my clothes
         covering less and less of my body as I moved  with  the  ac-
         tion.   They  could  hardly  keep their minds on the fights.
         After the second fight they excused themselves in  order  to
         go to the men's room.  
                     
         The  three stood at the urinals, their raging erections try-
         ing to release urine.  They  laughed  at  each  other,  then
         realized  that they had a golden opportunity in their hands.
         Why not combine their forces, and turn this date into a fan-
         tasy they had held for years.  
                     
         After the  fights  were  over,  Jim,  John,  Steven,  and  I
         returned to  our car.  They ordered the driver to take us to
         a well-known restaurant and there  we  enjoyed  a  delicious
         meal.   Later  that  night we found ourselves in front of my
         apartment.  Each was feeling great, the  combination  of  an
         exciting evening, a good meal, and pleasant company made for
         a mellowness easy to accommodate.  
                     
         "Won't you fellows come up for a drink," I asked.  
                     
         "I  will,"  said John, with the assent of the others not far
         behind.  As the driver opened the rear door, John,  who  was
         sitting  on the right side, hopped out and extended his hand
         to assist me out.  As I slipped out the door, my dress  rode
         easily up,  showing  my  legs and thighs.  The other two men
         were quick to jump out of the car to help me.  We walked arm
         in arm to my apartment door.  
                     
         Once inside my door,  I  stopped,  held  out  my  arms,  and
         paused.   As  if  this were a signal, the three men began to
         remove my clothing, starting with my sheer  blouse.    In  a
         twinkling  of an eye I was standing there naked, my luscious
         body bare to the view of the three men, my legs spread wide,
         my heavy breasts heaving in the slightly  chilly  air.    My
         nipples  were  beginning to firm and a slight moisture began
         to film my crotch.  The three men quickly  shed  their  clo-
         thing  and  they  picked  me up and rushed me to my bedroom,
         fondling my breasts all the while as I tried to grasp  their
         expanding cocks.  
                     
         I found  myself  flat  on my wide bed.  I squirmed to find a
         comfortable position, close to a cock but not yet having one
         enter me.  I wanted to stretch  out  the  moment  of  having
         three strong men in my bed, but the men were to have no part
         of it.    Each  was trying to shove his cock into my waiting
         pussy and neither was making any headway.  Finally I  yelled
         out and they stopped, and sat back, eager to find out what I
         was yelling about.  
                     
         They were  to  soon  find  out.    Sitting  up in my bed, my
         breasts heaving, I told them my plans.  I had always  wanted
         to  have  three men at once, one to fuck me in my pussy, one
         to fuck me in my ass, while I deep-throated the  third.    I
         had  deliberately  planned  this  get-together  with this in
         mind.  Would they like to please my wishes in this manner?  
                     
         The three guys agreed enthusiastically to this  arrangement,
         for  this  is  what  they  had planned while standing at the
         urinals in the men's room.  They quickly  positioned  me  so
         that  my  pussy  was  over John's thick cock, and lowered me
         onto it, watching it press deep into my hot snatch.  As soon
         as John's cock was buried in my pussy and I was beginning to
         moan with pleasure, Jim positioned himself at my  rear,  and
         eased the  head  of his huge cock into my open asshole.  The
         cock slid in easily, lubricated by the pre-cum  oozing  from
         his dick.    He  grunted as his cock entered into my rectum,
         then with a mighty shove, pushed it in all the  way  to  his
         aching balls.  
                     
         Steven  positioned  his  cock  at  my  face,  and guided his
         steel-hard member into my open mouth.  I took a hasty breath
         and sucked the tool deep into my  velvet  throat,  squeezing
         the shaft  with  my muscles.  Steven started to buck, moving
         his cock in and out of my throat, rubbing its sensitive head
         against my teeth, feeling my tongue stab  his  tight  balls.
         The pressure of my sucking throat started the rush of cum in
         his  balls  and  he  braced  to blast a load of jism into my
         waiting throat.  
                     
         I  was  twisting  under  the   combined   assault   of   the
         thirty-three inches of great cock pushing into my body.  The
         eleven-inch   cock  in  my  pussy  was  mashing  against  my
         clitoris, bringing on all the sensations that  made  for  my
         massive  orgasm, while the twelve-inch cock in my rectum was
         stretching my sphincter  as  it  had  never  been  stretched
         before.   The  ten-inch cock in my throat had me on the edge
         of gagging but I overcame the feeling and sucked on the cock
         like never before.  I seemed to feel each cock as it pressed
         into me, and I let my whole being be swept up in my  massive
         sensations that  were crashing into my lust-drugged mind.  I
         sensed more than felt the increase in the size of the  cocks
         as the cum started to explode from them.  
                     
         The  three men came at the same instant, their rivers of cum
         blasting into my openings, flooding me with the  essence  of
         manhood.   I felt the spurts as the cocks emptied themselves
         into me, and I pressed harder into them to  make  sure  that
         all the  cum  was  contained  within me.  A rising dizziness
         swept over me and I descended into a fuzzy world of whirling
         shadows, knowing little of what was outside me, knowing only
         that  I  was  being  filled with cum from the cocks of three
         throbbing men.  I tried vainly to recall  myself  back  into
         the  world  of consciousness but was swept over the rim into
         the land of orgasm, and giving up the  struggle,  went  deep
         into that world of the Unknown.  
                     
         The  three  men  paused  after  their  cumming, then changed
         places, each putting his re-energized cock into a new  hole.
         They increased their tempo as my female form below and above
         them  seem oblivious to the new cocks entering and battering
         my genitals and tonsils.  I seemed to be taking all the cock
         and cum they could manufacture that night and call for more.
         Cock entered hole.   Cock  changed  hole  and  still  the  I
         screamed for  more and more.  My mouth was dripping with cum
         but at each load from the cock in my mouth, I swallowed  al-
         most the whole amount and called for more.  
                     
         Finally the men lay back in my bed, cocks limp, balls empty,
         strength gone.    I was a mass of cum, moving back and forth
         with languor, still dreaming of another cock for each of  my
         openings.  I could feel that I was empty, nothing in me, and
         I  smiled and turned over on my back hoping to at least feel
         fingers penetrating my flesh.  John tried to push  a  finger
         into my asshole but he was too weak to enter, so he just lay
         there  exhausted,  trying  to  get some energy back into his
         body.  Jim and Steven were in the same situation, trying  to
         continue but not having the strength to do so.  
                     
         When I  awoke I was lying on my bed alone.  My three men had
         departed, but they had bathed my body and clothed  me  in  a
         intimate robe.   I stretched out and thanked them in my mind
         for leaving me in such a cozy state, and  immediately  began
         planning another session with them in the very near future.

