Archive-name: Bondage/fantas2.txt
Archive-author: Brat Wizard
Archive-title: My Fantasy 2


I'm almost ready. I hear you walking up the stairs, I rush to finish the last
of the preparations. I light the candles, the door opens, you walk in. You're
puzzled by the candles but I smile at you and you smile back. You enter the
kitchen and shuffle through the mail, you lay your coat down on the chair by
the door.  You've got on a thin, tawny-gold colored blouse. I can see the
straps of your white bra underneath. You're wearing an old but nice-looking
pair of blue jeans. The way they're worn in around the knees and thighs looks
comfortable.  As you turn to walk into the living room, I can see the outline
of your panties under your jeans. I feel my cock stir a little. You're
wearing a pair of girl's knee socks and an old pair of tennis shoes. Your
long brown hair is hanging loose around your shoulders. You toss a few
wayward strands over your shoulder absent-mindedly as you reach the corner by
the closet and kick off your shoes.

"Ahhhhh!" you sigh as you sink into the comfortable chair, "What a day!" You
stretch a moment. I like the way your thick brown nipples poke through the
material of your blouse as you arch your back. After a moment, you relax and
bring your leg up under your butt and sit back in the chair.

"How did it go?" I ask.

"Fine...I think." you reply. "I wasn't really sure if I was gonna get through
that exam or not! It was pretty hard."

"Philosophy's not turning out as easy as you thought eh?" I ask as I come over
and sit by the chair.

"No, it's not that, it's just that my teacher works so fucking hard to make the
exams so obscure, you gotta really work just to get your name spelled right!"
you say.

"Aww... poor baby...", I coo half-jokingly, half-sympathetically, "come here."
You move over a little in the chair and lean your head on my chest. I rub the
back of your neck a little.

"Mmmm. That feels nice," you say, "don't ever stop!" I chuckle and move your
hair out of the way a little with my hand. As I massage your neck, you ask
"What's with the candles?"

"I just thought they'd mellow out the mood a little, you like 'em?"

"Yeah, they're kinda nice." You look around the room. "Where did you get that
red one?" you ask.

"I bought it today. What do you think?" I ask.

"It's pretty. I like the little zig-zag around the base. Makes it kinda look
indian or something."

"Yeah, that's why I got it." I admit. You shift in your chair a little more,
leaning your entire back against me. I move my hands to your shoulders and
start to rub them slowly and gently.

"Nnnn." you sigh again, "I'm sure glad I have you." I smile. You can't see it
but I know that you sense it. After a while, you ask "So what did you do all
day?" I don't say anything and you don't ask again. I continue to rub your
back and shoulders and you wiggle a little to show me where you want me to go
next. Then you sit up. "I got an itch right here in the middle of my back" you
say, "will you scratch it for me?"

"Sure" I say and start scratching vigorously around your back.

"A little higher." I scratch higher. "Oooo. Ok, over to the left a little." I
move toward the left. "My OTHER left." you correct. I move to the right a bit.
"Ahhh. that's it. Right there." I continue to scratch your back for another
moment and then with a hand on your shoulder, I gently pull you back down to
me. You nestle back up against me. "What's for dinner?" you ask.

"What would you like?" I ask.

"Hmmm... how about some..., ummm, some... fajitas?" you say.

"Sounds good to me" I agree, "My wish is your command, O'Queen!" I bow deeply
as I stand causing you to shift rapidly in the chair. You laugh at my antic
and then close your eyes as I go into the kitchen to prepare the fajitas.


---


"Wake up, sleepyhead." I say as I gently shake your shoulder.

"Nnnnn," you lick your lips once or twice, "what time is it?" You do a little
stretch and open your eyes. You blink them a couple of times.

"Supper time" I say. I lean over and kiss you lightly on the cheek. You pat my
cheek lightly with your hand and then reach out for me to help you up. I take
your hand and pull you up. You hug me for a moment and I hug you back. Then we
go over to the table where I've set out all the fajita fixings, some wine and
wineglasses and some new red candles like you saw earlier.

"Wow!" you exclaim, taking in the spread in front of you, "You've been busy
today! How did you know I was gonna want fajitas?" you ask.

"Simple." I say, "They're your favorite. Whenever I ask you what you want to
eat, that's ALWAYS what you say!" I explain.

"One day I'm gonna suprise you." you tell me.

"You always do." I agree. I pull the chair for you and motion you to sit down.
"M'Lady?" I inquire. You flash me that million-dollar smile of yours and sit
down. I help you get settled up to the table. "Would the Lady like some wine?"
I ask. You giggle and nod your head.

Holding up your wineglass, you say "Pour away Jives!" I smile at our game and
pour the wine; Warm and red, the way we like it. You put down the glass and
motion for me to sit. I move around to my chair and sit down.

"Dig in!" I say.

"Pass the tortillas and the sour cream..." you ask.


---


"Mmmm. Those were really excellent fajitas." you say. I smile at the
compliment. "You always make good fajitas." I smile some more.

"Well, I gotta keep you around some how!" I kid.

"That'll get me here any day of the week!" You poke me with your finger and
say "You do the dishes, I'm gonna curl up here and die happy!" I kiss you and
get up to do the dishes.


---


Later, as you're stretching out along the couch, I come over and sit down in
front of your waist, where your legs make a sort of 'U' shape. I put my hand
along your side and tell you "I've got a nice evening planned for you".

"Oh yeah?" you ask, "What's up?"

"That's for me to know and you to find out!" I say. Leaning over you I take
something from behind the couch. You can't quite see what it is. It just looks
like something black.

"What's that?" you ask.

"You'll see." I say. I gently lift your head and stroke your hair a little.
Then a gather it up and pull it behind you so that its out of the way.

"What'r you doing?" you ask curiously.

"Nothing." I say as I put the blindfold around your eyes.

"Hey!" you protest, "What's that for?"

"Just relax, it's all part of the fun." I say. "Just relax and enjoy the
evening." I help you up and lead you back into the bedroom. "Stand here a
moment" I say, "no peeking?" You nod and I move away. You hear things rustling
and what sounds like a match striking. You smell the pleasant sulfur smell of
the match. You hear me moving around the room, picking things up and moving
things around. I look over. You're growing impatient. You start to fidget.
"Relax." I say again. You give me one of those little half-bounces with your
body as if to say 'Ok, but hurry up!'. Then you feel the air move as I walk
past you into the bathroom. You hear the curtain on the bathtub being moved
back and the water start. Soon, the heat of the water causes the moist, warm
air to move out of the bathroom and along your face. It makes your nose itch a
little.

"Hurry up!" you say impatiently, "I don't want to stand here all night!" You
feel me come out of the bathroom and I put my hand on your shoulder. Gently I
tug at you to get you to turn around. You do. I look at your hair and gently
brush it out of your face. I adjust the little bit that's caught up against
your face, under the blindfold. I move it around so it's behind you. Then I
gently touch your face. You move your cheek against my hand. I use my hand to
rub your face lightly. It feels good. You push against my hand. I bring my
other hand up and use it on your face as well. You sigh and visibly relax.

I stroke your face for a moment and then continue down to your neck and
lightly rub your neck. I pay special attention to those sensitive little areas
behind your ears. Like a cat I scratch you behind the ears. I can almost feel
you purring. You twist your head a little this way and that, not really sure
which scratching feels better. Then I rub the areas with my thumbs and you
just sort of melt right there on the spot.

I move my fingers down your neck, around to the front and stroke your throat.
I use my fingers to trace the lines under your chin down to your collar bone.
It sends little tingles of excitement down your body. Your body is getting
sensitive and your breathing is getting a little rapid. I briefly move one
hand up and stroke your face again. Then with both hands I unbutton the top
buttons on your blouse and rub the area above your breasts. You like it when I
rub here. It feels so good. I see your nipples poking out, your breathing
becomes shallow. I pull you close and kiss you, like a brand-new lover upon
your lips.

I kiss your lips so softly you hardly know I'm there. You open your mouth a
little to offer your tongue to me. I use my tongue to slowly lick around the
edges of your lips. This sends goose-shivers up and down your spine. You give
a little shake and then you reach out and grab me. Pulling me close you kiss
me deeply and we stand like that for a moment. I feel your breasts pushing
into me, my cock is getting hard. Your tongue searches my mouth and we play at
flicking our tongues together.

"Mmmm." you moan. You kiss me some more. Finally, I pull away and start to
stroke your face and neck again. You start to pout. I grin. I can't resist
tweaking your hard nipples poking through your blouse and bra. The sensation
sends a bolt of high-current electricity aimed straight at your clit. Your
clit becomes instantly erect and you a severe ache to have me inside you. I
twist your nipples a little and you feel your pussy start to leak. I smell
your woman-scent start to fill the air. "Nnnnn!" you moan again, bending your
knees and twisting in that little way that says you're horny as hell! "Fuck me!"
you whisper insistantly.

"Not yet." I reply and pull away. The sudden stop leaves you twisting unable to
sustain the wave of pleasure I've started within you.

"MmmMuh!" you pout as you stomp your foot and twist your head up a little toward
the right.

"Damn you're cute." I think to myself, out loud I say, "come on, it's time for
what comes next." You stop twisting and wait to see what I do. I finish
unbuttoning your blouse and I slip it down over your shoulders. You slightly
raise each arm in succession and the blouse falls to the floor. I stop for a
moment and look at you, standing there in jeans and a white bra. There's a
little lace trim around the cups and a pink bow in the middle. Your breasts
stand out enticingly. My dick hardens unmercifully. You know that looking at
you like this is what really turns me on the most. You just stand there, arching
your back a little and let me look.

I rub my cock through my jeans. Seeing you standing there like that is so
intensely erotic. I could cum just looking at you. Your big brown nipples and
prominent areola plainly visible and sticking out through the cloth. You're
pretty horny, I think to myself and finally I reach out and touch your breast.
You jump at the touch. Another shiver runs down your belly as I circle your
nipple with my finger.

Then I reach out and grab your breast in my hand and squeeze it but not too
hard. You moan out loud and twist your chest so that I have better leverage.
You like it when I squeeze your tits, the presure sends little twinges to your
clit. You can almost cum whenever I just grab them and squeeze them like this.
Soon I grab the other one and squeeze it too. I rub the nipples with my
thumbs. Round and round in little circles. You start to twist your legs again
and I hear you start to pant. Reluctantly I stop. I don't want you to cum too
soon. I've got lots more planned for you tonight.

You feel my hands leave your breasts, you jut them out farther hoping somehow
this will make me massage them some more. I reach around behind you and
unclasp your bra. I reach up and pull the straps down around your shoulders.
You move your arms like you did before, give your chest a wiggle and the bra
falls lifeless to the floor. Your breasts are huge and swollen. The nipples
are pointing straight at me. You're so turned on that even the little brown
areolae are standing out making your breasts look like pears. They look
delicious!

Just then I notice the tub is nearly filled. I almost forgot! I leave you and
quickly dash into the bathroom to turn the water off. You hear the water turn
to a trickle, and then with a final creak, off completely. You hear me moving
around in the bathtub and fiddling near the sink. You hear the cabinet open
up, something being removed and the door close again. Then you hear the sound
of something being poured into the water. The scent of strawberries wafts in
front of your nose. You like strawberries, the smell is one of your favorite
smells. You breath in deeply, taking in as much of the smell as you can get,
savoring it slowly as you exhale. Then you hear the pouring stop and a
swishing sound as I stir the water.

In a moment, I return to you. I stroke your bare breasts. The nipples have
receded a little but I'm not worried, it's going to be a long night. I run my
hand around each breast, feeling its weight. I feel a layer of sweat, fine
though it is, covering your belly. I rub my hand around your belly, feeling
the sweat lubricating, sliding underneath. There's a faint line of hairs
visible above the waist of your jeans. I stroke along this line. How sexy it
looks I think. Then I quit and pull you close. We kiss again for a few
moments.

Soon I reach down with my hand and unfasten the button of your jeans. I slide
the zipper down while kissing you. We're trading tongues again playfully. I
push my hand down the inside of your pants, the damp, steamy, aromatic
woman-smell greets my nose like an old friend. I inhale deeply. I love the way
your pussy smells when you're excited. I can barely reach my fingers between
your legs but I can feel the wetness of your panties. Your pussy gushes as my
fingers brush your clit. You give a little wimper and kiss me even harder.

I rub my fingers along your slit, coating them with your juices. Your hips
move back and forth, your pussy's searching for something more. I push my
finger against your thigh and you part your legs a little wider. I feel your
lips, through your panties, I can feel they're parted. I move my finger in a
little circle, you moan as I do this. I start to push it up inside, you feel
your panties getting tighter. I push the panties up in your hole just a
little. The friction is driving you crazy. You buck your hips and try to
spread your legs some more but the jeans around your waist won't let you.

Finally I pull my hand away and smell it under my nose. Then I stick in my
mouth and taste your musky, salty flavor. I put my finger in your mouth too,
you like the taste of your own pussy. You lick my finger for a moment and then
I pull it away. You lick your lips as I move my hands down to you jeans. I
grasp the waist and tug them down, bunching them up around your ankles.

You just don't know how sexy you are! Standing there in your panties with your
pants around your feet. Your socks are sticking out above the jeans now. Your
breasts are jutting out too. Firm and high, not too much, not too little. Just
enough for me! I kneel down for a moment and put my face to your pussy. I rub
my nose into your crotch. It excites you. I take a breath and smell your
smell. It makes me so incredibly horny. Finally I pull your panties down.

Black and bushy, your mound is full and thick. I can see your wetness around
your pussy and thighs. I pull your pussy to my face and bury my nose in your
bush. I rub my hands all over your ass. I grab each cheek and squeeze it. I
pull you toward me, savoring your womanhood. I run my hands up and down your
legs sending shivers of excitement through your body.

Your entire body is one huge time-bomb, primed and ready to explode. The
slightest touch causes you shivers, you twist and turn as I run my hands up
and down your body. You feel my hot breath on your cunt, I lick your clit a
little. I just barely flick it with the tip of my tongue, making you jerk each
time. I taste its salty taste as I explore your nether regions with my tongue.

You gingerly step out of your pants and panties, leaving them in a heap on the
floor. You spread your legs wide and put your hands on my head. You ride my
tongue with your pussy. You feel me lick you all around. You push your cunt
into my face and I almost smother from the pressure. I pull away and you pout
again, you give a frustrated moan. I lift each foot and remove your socks,
adding them to the pile on the floor.

Now you're naked. I step back and look at the girl I know and love so well.
From her dark brown hair to her beautiful breasts, her firm butt and bushy
cunt; her shapely legs and ankles. I look down at her feet and marvel the way
they curve to her toes.

I stand and take your hand. Your breath is quick in anticipation. I lead you
into the bathroom and stop you by the tub. I help you in and sit you down.
The sweet-scented water is warm and oily against your skin. The thick warmth
makes your body tingle, the fire between your legs subsides a bit but doesn't
quit, it just kind of smoulders, that deep-set heat that lasts a long long
time. You feel the warmth spread up your legs, through your belly, fill your
breasts and across your neck. You exhale a large breath as your body adjusts
to the water.  After a moment of sitting there, I get the washcloth and swish
it around in the water.  With my other hand I get the soap and lovingly start
to wash your body.

I start with your chest. I rub the cloth around and soap it to build a lather.
I clean your chest and around your neck. Then I gently wash your face. You
feel the heat of the washcloth across your cheeks. I lift your chin with my
finger so I can wash around your mouth more carefully. I soap as far as I can
without getting your blindfold wet. I rinse the cloth in the water and then I
wash your neck some more. I move around behind your ears and get that special
spot.

You shiver as I touch the place behind your ears. You know I know what that
does to you, it sends electricity straight to your clit. You squirm a little.
I laugh gently and then rinse the cloth again. I tug you forward so I can wash
your back. You reach out and hug your knees. Your face turned sideways against
your knee. I wash your back and rub it hard with the cloth. You like having
your back rubbed. I soap you up and rinse you off and then gently help you sit
back again.

Without being told, you sit up so I can wash your breasts and belly. I hold
each breast, one by one and wash them with the cloth. I soap them up with the
bar of soap, they get slippery and hard to hold. I play making circles around
your areolae and flipping your nipples with my thumbs. Your nipples get hard
and I finish washing your breasts. Then I move down to your belly.

Your belly's warm to the touch. I rub my hand around it. You feel my hand
circling your belly. It feels good. With the cloth I wash your belly and then
move down between your legs. The rough cloth excites your clit and starts you
off again. Your pubic hair is wet and stringy, I tug it with my fingers. The
sharp sensation is a nice contrast to the rough cloth rubbing your clit and
pussy. I rub you awhile but the heat keeps you from getting too excited. It
just feels nice and so you encourage me by slightly spreading your legs a
little.

Now I'm able to pull the washcloth completely across your slit. After about
three good tugs and you moan deeply. Suddenly you're very turned on. I stroke
your cunt a few more times and you arch your back to stretch out the
sensation. Your wet bush is matted down and I can see your plump, juicy cunt
almost completely. The full lips are slightly parted, your clit sticks up and
out. The oily water glistens along your smooth skin. You're sexy as hell and
you know I know it. I know you know it too! While your back is arched, I slip
a hand under your butt and start to wash it.

You keep yourself arched while I fondle and wash your ass. I pinch it lightly
to make you jump and smack it with my hand. Then I squeeze each cheek and
twist a little. You love the feeling, it's not really sexual, but it feels so
good anyway. You're slightly dissapointed when I move my hand away. You sink
back down into the water and lift each leg in turn. I wash each one with long
strokes that run from ankle to thigh. You love the way the cloth stimulates
the skin on the inside of your legs. That's a hot spot you don`t think I know,
but you quickly realize I do. I stroke your legs and pinch your butt again.
You sqeal and squirm away.

You lift you feet out of the water, I run the cloth between your toes. You
almost gasp at the pleasure the cloth brings there. You never knew how
sensitive your toes are. You pull away as the sensations grow intense. I reach
into the water and find your other foot and repeat.

Now you're clean and I leave you there to soak by yourself for a minute. You
hear me leave but shortly return. You hear me fiddle with something near the
sink. Then you hear me near you again, I reach for your hand and help you up.
The cool air causes you skin to break out in goosebumps. I look at your tits
and your nipples are standing straight out. I laugh and help you out. I reach
over and get the robe I've just brought from the bedroom.

Still soaking wet I cover you in the robe and pull it tight around you. Then I
put my arms around you from behind and pull you tight to me. "Did you enjoy
your bath?" I quietly ask. You nod your head and coo in my arms. "Will you be
a good girl and stand here while I take a quick shower?" You nod again. I pull
the drain on the tub but I don't wait for it to finish draining. I turn on the
water and pull the curtain and quickly shower off. I stop the water and get
out. I get the other robe I'd placed nearby and pull it tight around me.

You're still standing there, your hair is wet. You're shivering slightly. I
come to you and rub my hands up and down your body. "Mmmmm." you say and
snuggle closer. I turn you around and just hold you. I feel the warmth
returning to our bodies as we hold each other close. With a little hug I break
away and lead you into the bedroom.

"Your night is about to begin" I say.

"You mean there's MORE?" I chuckle at this and pick up a towel I'd placed on
the bed earlier. I rub your hair with the towel until it looks wild and
wooley. I open your robe and towel you dry. I rub your bush with vigour. Soon
it's dry too and I dry your legs and feet. Then I push the towel between your
legs and gently pull it back and forth between your legs. You like it when I
do this. It makes interesting sensations on your inner thighs and pussy. Now
and then it catches your clit as well and sends a bolt of lightning through
you. I stop before you get started too much however and dry myself off with
the towel.

I push your robe to the floor and you stand there completely naked. Freshly
clean and strwberry-scented, my little Foxy Lady. I drop my robe. I push you
back against the bed. You start to fall on it but catch yourself in time.
You're akwardly leaning backwards over the bed. I reach between your legs and
tweak your clit. You lose your balance and fall backwards. Laughing I jump on
the bed beside you.

I arrange you spread-eagled on the bed and reach up to get something from the
headboard. I rub it over your skin, it's cold and plastic, but somehow
exciting. Of course you know what it is and as your thinking you hear me start
it. With a gentle 'whir' it starts to buzz. I rub it on your breasts. You like
the sensation of the vibrator against your breasts. Your body's relaxed but
starts to tingle. I move my hand down and caress your thighs and mound. I push
my face into your belly and lick around your bellybutton.

You start to giggle as I continue to lick, you're ticklish there. You're not
ticklish many places, but I know each and every one. I lightly lick and you
start to writhe. All this rubbing's taking it's toll. Your nipples are hard
and I start to smell your pussy getting wet again as well. I rub my hand down
your leg, making you shiver a little. I grasp your ankle and gently squeeze.
Another erotic point you have. I slide my finger underneath your foot and
stroke your sole a little. This sends streaks straight to your cunt, you
shriek and jerk away! I grab your foot again, and this time I hold it with one
hand while I play with the other. Now you're captive and you toss and turn,
trying to get away from this excruciating pleasure. Having pity I let you go
but then I do your other foot.

On edge now you beg me to stop and so I bring your foot to my mouth and start
sucking your toes. One by one like little cocks I put them in my mouth and
suck them. You love the feelings it sends up your legs. Your breathing starts
getting shallow again. I lick each toe in succession and then reach for the
other foot. Over the course of the next half-hour I lick and squeeze every
part of your legs and thighs and feet. You feel thoroughly worked over.

Now it's time to pay attention to your lovely breasts again. I bring my face
down close to your nipples and exhale hotly against them. The warm breath
sends shivers through your belly. The nipples extend and I start to lick,
over, under and round and round. I lick your breasts all over and finally find
that secret spot underneath them. I gently push each breast up with my hand
and lick the crease where they meet your chest. "Yes!" you cry, "Lick me
there!... Oh God that feels good!" I massage them with my hands and squeeze them
tightly together. You like the sensation of tightness and encourage me on some
more.

Then I feel your hands on my head, pushing me downward toward your pussy. I
move down your body and swing my leg over so we're in a sixty-nine position. I
like this way because it allows me lots of room to spread your legs and lick
you good! I part your thighs and lick all around but never touch your pussy. I
lick your inner thighs and up and down your legs. I lick around your hole but
stop before I touch it. I lick each hair of your hairy bush, I take each one
in my teeth and tug on it. Your pussy's hot, I can feel the heat. I move my
mouth over it. I breath out deeply, you cry out from the pleasure. The warmth
of my breath caresses your cunt and your heat radiates from you. I smell your
musk and it turns me on.

I reach out with my tongue and flick your clit very lightly. You spread your
legs as wide as they'll go and push your cunt into my face. Now my face is
full of your fragrent pussy. I lick your lips and suck your clit. You cry out
in lust and pleasure.  My dick is growing harder and soon knocks you in the
chin. At the same time I touch your clit and your go bezerk underneath me.
You reach up and grab my cock and stuff into your mouth. The sudden warmth
engulfs me. Your mouth feels so good, your tongue licking all around it. I
continue licking you and you lick me. We start to play a game. Everything I do
to you, you do to me as well. When I suck your clit you suck my dick. When I
lick your lips you lick my balls. Crotch to mouth we're locked in lusty
embrace. You push your cunt against my mouth and suck my cock down your
throat.

All this sucking is having its toll. You're alternating sucking my cock and
yelling out your pleasure. I stuff my face with your delicious box until
finally you start to shudder. Your legs go wild and your hips buck hard, it's
all I can do to hold on. You fill my mouth with woman-cum and scream
holy-terror to boot! I suspect the neighbors are busy calling the cops to come
see who's getting murdered. I don't care though, and neither do you. You stuff
my cock in your mouth and suck me for all its worth. Then you give one final
buck and stay there arched and quivering. Your mouth is working overtime on my
cock, sucktion like a shop-vac, it's all I can do to keep from coming too.
Finally you stop and flop back on the bed like a rag doll.

Now its my turn. I let you rest for a few minutes and then I pull you toward
me. Kissing you firmly I pull us upright and help you sit in my lap. Still
kissing, I reach between us and put me between your legs. Your eyes are wide
with desire but you know this is the part I like. You're crazy to fuck me but
I just put the head in the entrance to your hole. I slowly move my hips from
side to side and you move around in circles.

I reach between my legs and 'thwack' your clit with my cock. I do this several
time until you're begging me to put it in you. Then, I grab your butt and with
all the strength I can muster, I ram it home and you scream as I jam it
against your cervix. You're sucking my face like you'll never get more and
rolling your hips to beat the band. I grab your butt and force you still and
then start slowly fucking you the way I like. You squirm and wiggle but I
continue my pace. Slow and deliberate I stick it in and out. We fuck for close
to an hour before I decide I want the rest.

I grab your nipple and pull it hard, the pain makes you contract your pussy.
THe added friction causes my cock to become rock hard as I feel it moving
slowly in and out of your cunt. Your pulsing pussy is more than I can stand.
With a final thrust I push it deep inside you. You know what's about to happen
and I flood your cunt with cum. When I come, you come too. Your cunt's
contracting tightly. I hug you tight and shut my eyes. The pleasure's intense
I cry out "Unnnnnngghhh! Unnnngh!" You feel the sperm inside you. With every
squirt, you contract again. We come for what feels like hours.

Finally though, we're both spent and slump together. Exhausted, hot and
sweaty. We just sit there holding each other. It feels good after what we've
been through. We sit for awhile until our legs begin to ache. Finally you lift
your head. I look at you and you kiss me. You start to get up and move away but
in doing so your pussy contracts around my cock. My cock stirs and starts to
grow, you moan and kiss me harder.

I lay you back and spread your legs and pound you for all I'm worth. You
scream my name and call me a bastard, you tell me to fuck you harder. The
entire time I'm pounding your cunt, you push to meet my every thrust. For all
the love in the go 'round, this one's mearly animal passion. You feel my cock
sliding in and you contract your cunt to keep it there. But my rythim soon
withdraws and you claw my back as you feel it slipping out. As soon as it's
almost gone, you grab my butt and pull. I slam it home again and you bite my
shoulder hard, drawing blood, but you don't care.

"Fuck me harder! Nnnnnngh! Nnnnnnngh!" You thrust your cunt upwards around my
dick. "Fuck me damn you Brat, split my cunt in two!" Your cunt's moving
faster, my dick's pounding harder, with every thrust, you parry. Your arms
locked around my shoulders, my hips slamming into yours, I feel your cunt
contract. "NnnnnnnaaaaaggggghHHH!! Unnnngh, Ooohhhh GOD!" You slam into me one
final time and then you shake and shudder. Your cunt grips my dick in her
loving, muscular embrace. Squeezing out every drop of cum, you milk my dick
until I drop. Exhausted, panting, still your cunt contracts.

We lie together, side by side, my dick still within you. You lick my face and
we kiss like lovers, and then we fully embrace. We fall asleep, you and I, our
lovemaking has worn us out. During the night, I awake, my dick is hard again.
I push your blindfold up over your head, and we begin all over again...

---
Brat Wizard

