Archive-name: 3plus/fantise2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Out of Town


I collected my change and put a couple of bucks on the bar.
I could not deside where to go next, I just knew I wanted to
leave.  This was a typical evening for me.  Here I am out of
town again, and can't deside what I want to do first.  There 
are two places I almost always visit, the adult book store,
and the live nude dancer clubs.  The book store is on the way
I'll stop there first, I finally decide.

Once out of the bar I headed for the car and tried to remember
where I saw that store on my way from the airport.  Oh yea it's 
on the strip.  As I was driving I got to thinking, I sure hope
I'm not harassed by one of the patrons of the store.  Usually
I'm followed around like a puppy till I leave.  I really feel 
sorry for those fellows.  I wonder if any of them know what 
it's like to be with a woman.  I should talk, its been quite a 
while for me too.  Well here I am.

I got out of the car and pulled my wallet out to retreive the 
browse fee.  I pulled out a dollar and as I walked in the door
I handed it to the guy behind the glass counter.  First things 
first, I should go in back, then I'll be in a better frame of 
referance to decide what kind of mag to buy to take home.
I walked toward the curtain and once in the dark I examined the 
choices.  I've never seen Kacsha, she is quite cute, I wonder 
if she is a good actress.  I went into the first booth that 
did not have a hole cut for the gays.  I put some quarters
in and slowly unfastened my pants.  I sat in the recliner that 
was in the room and took ahold of my penis.  By now all seven 
inches had come to life.  The movie was quite stupid, but
Kacsha's slick pussy is enough to get any one started.  In this
flick she started out almost naked, in the scene that came to 
life on the screen she was rocking back and forth on a dildo
that she was pushing into her cunt.  Needless to say I didn't 
last long.  I stroked my rod at a blinding pace till it spewed
cum down my fist.  I pushed on the spot under my balls to make 
the experience last as long as possible.  My cock kept pulsing
for a few seconds then I relaxed.  I pulled up my pants and 
headed back out into the light.  Once out in front I started
I proceded to make my selection.  I would like to be with a 
brunette this evening, she must have long hair, and a slender 
build.  I would like for her to have brown, or green eyes, and 
where eye makeup.  She should have medium breasts, about 34C 
would be fine.  I'd prefer her to be clean shaven except a 
small tuft of pubic hair at the top of her pubic mound.  She
should be masterbating with a variety of toys.  Now to find the 
girl of my dreams.  As I looked through the mags my cock had 
regained full length again.  I sorta liked the feel, but it made
me feel a little uncomfortable.  There are always willing hands
and mouths to accomodate my aching cock.  I guess more than 
anything I feared I would take one of those fellows up on their
wordless offer.  Well I finally found my girl, but I was going 
to have to settle for a black and white mag.  The pages in the
middle where of my girl and they were in color so that would do.
I took my purchase to the glass counter and paid for it, then it
was off to the Pussy Cat Lounge.

The Pussy Cat was a slightly run down little place.  It had only 
one lighted sign on a pole out in front.  There was a red porch
light at the entrance, but that was of no significance.  The place
was just my kind, Low Key.  I liked to just melt into the woodwork.
I waked through the front door and paid the cover and pushed the
second door open to enter.  The song playing was one of my old 
fav's, a Led Zepplin tune that I can even remember when I liked
to hear it so loud.  I walzed around the horse shoe shaped stage
and took a seat right next to it.  They had the lights down real
low because the dancer was on her her last number, and was totally
naked.  She was a real rocker too.  She danced real hard, with very
deliberate movements, and effectively teased the crowd.  She had 
to be one of the veterens who taught the younger dancers how to strut
their stuff.  Her hair was very long and kinda kinky-curly.  Her 
body was firm, yet she was a bit older than one would expect.  The
lights went down and she pranced out of sight off the stage.

Now I had a few moments to scan the place and see if I could spot 
anyone I knew.  I used to know some of the girls, just once in a
blue moon I even got to take one of them home.  Nothing ever happened
I just dropped them off and that was that.  The next girl made her 
way onto the stage, the music came up and she started to gyrate around
the floor.  She was kinda cute, so I pulled a dollar out and threw 
it up on stage for her.  That got her attention, she looked over at
me and smiled.  Then she pranced her way over to where I was seated 
and gave me a short private show.  I love it when the girls get down
on all fours and push their ass out at your face as if to say,
"Here, lick me".  My cock grew in my shorts again and I wished I 
could rub myself with out being seen.  She blew me a kiss then 
wiggled over to the next guy, and continued her art.  They announced
her name as Lisa, but then one can never tell.  Lisa I must admit
was very close in looks to what the girl looked like that I had picked 
out at the book store.  She was wearing a light brown, cotton,
mini dress.  The only place it was tight was across her well 
proportioned butt.  The dress sorta followed the curvature of her
hips and breasts, but not so tight as would make it difficult to 
dance.  Lisa came out in a black cowboy hat, that had a  pink
and white feathered headband. She had on four inch black spiked 
heals, and black stockings.  Her dark brown hair swayed against
her back as she danced around the stage.

I had ordered several drinks and seen all of the girls on stage at
least twice, but Lisa stuck in my mind.  She knew I was watching her
I had made her my dream girl for the evening.  I knew that as I 
pumped my cock later while leafing through my mag, I'd be thinking
of Lisa prancing around on stage.  The last dance was comming up, so 
I ordered a large water to staighten up before leaving.  Lisa was the 
last dancer.  I sat back and watched her strut back out on stage and
tease.  She came right over to where I was sitting and gave me the show
of my life.  She peeled her dress, and took off her hat by the time she 
reached my spot.  Then she squatted down in front of me and lay back
all the while swaying to Willie singing "Wiskey River".  Then she 
pulled her g-string to one side to reveal her shaved slick cunt.  She 
kept pushing her fingers closer and closer to her opening till her finger 
slipped in.  Then she ground her hips in to her burried hand.  Lisa's 
cunt was only an inch from my face while she was performing.  She looked 
right at me and mouthed " I Want You ".  I'm telling you if I could 
have, I would have.  I could see Lisa was really getting in to this too
because her hole was making sqishy, sloshing noices.  The scent was 
driving me mad.  I wanted to lick all the cum off Lisa's hand and
finish her off.  Now this only went on for about thirty seconds and
believe it or not, no one else saw her.  The guy in the booth must
have be blinded or something.  Well Lisa spent her entire dance
in front of me, pushing her butt out at me and making me so horney
I couldn't stand it.  The next thing I knew there was the bouncer,
right behind me.  "Come with me boy, we gotta have a talk", he boomed.
Oh Boy now I'm in trouble.  He picked me off my chair with one hand
and ushered me to the back of the club.  "Sorry", he said, "but it was 
the only way I could get you away from the stage to tell you this".
He told me to go get in my car, and wait for Lisa.  She wanted a ride
home but he didn't want to attract attention to me.  It was for our 
own saftey.  "Thanks", I blurted.  I walked out to the car, and five 
minutes later Lisa was escorted out by the bouncer.  She had her 
friend with her.  They reached the car and piled in.  We said good
night to the bouncer and drove off.

Lisa apologized, but giggled as she said it.  "You should have seen
the look on your face".  I can only imagin.  We drove to her apartment,
all the time I thought the other girl just lived near by.  It was her 
roomate, Trish.  Now Trish was as beautiful as Lisa.  Both girls were
in their late twenties.  Lisa was about 5'9, but Trish was every bit of
6'.  As they started to get out of the car Trish poked her head back in
and said, "Well, what are you waiting for".  "Well, ah, I, er, I don't
know", I stammered.  "We'er going to have a party", Lisa giggled.
I got out and followed them in to their apartment.  As the door closed
behind me Lisa wrapped both arms around my neck, she pushed her body
against mine and started to tongue kiss me.  She started pushing me 
toward the couch.  I followed her lead and walked backwards till my 
heals touched the couch then gently we tumbled on to it.  Trish had 
undressed herself, and was working on me.  I started to unbutton Lisa
and peel her clothes off, while we kissed.  Trish could not wait to 
get her greedy hands on my cock.  She pulled the elastic away from
my waist and my cock lunged out od my briefs.  She pulled them off of 
me and then engulfed my seven inches deep in her mouth.  I was slowly
fondling Lisa's breasts.  I worked my way down her sides to her waist,
them I massaged her cheeks.  I kneeded them, and continued to work my 
way down her body.  We finally broke the long kiss.  I came up for air 
and started to lick my way down her lusty body.  This is what I'd 
been wanting to do all evening.  I made sure to cover her with saliva, 
then I started to rub it in.  Lisa had manuvered her way over to 
Trish, and was massaging her the same way I was doing.  She pulled 
off Trishs panties and dove into her cunt.  I was already licking 
Lisa's hot pussy with long strokes, from the edge of her anal opening
to her pulsing clitoris.  Trish backed away for a second, then she 
my shaft.  Lisa watched for a bit then she started licking Trish's 
dribbling cunt juice off of my cock.  Then she pulled it our of 
Trish, and put it in her mouth.  She was using my dick for a spoon to
eat the slick liquid that was running so freely from Trish's hole.
Lisa was getting very close to cumming, she had her ass facing me
and was bent over sevicing Trish.  I could hear her deep lusty moan
as she groung her sweet pussy into my face.  Then I heard her squeel
as her pussy started to spasm.  She pulled her but away from my 
mouth for a second, as she did I felt a small squirt on my chin.
Her pussy had been spasming so hard, she squirted a gob of sticky
cum on my face.  I reached up and buried my face in her cunt to lick 
all the juice off.  Trish was grinding her pelvis into me, we were
rocking back and forth as she would gyrate into me.  Lisa had moved 
around behind Trish now and was licking both of us from there.  All at
once Trish grunted and colapsed ontop of me.  I pushed up against her 
to meet her driving.  I pushed into her as hard as I could and we both 
came.  She pulled out of me and turned around so her ass was in my face
and I buried my face in her cunt while Lisa and Trish devoured my 
cock.  The cum gushed from Trish's cunt and I lapped it up.  I swallowed
as fast as I could.  Then we all collapsed in a heap.

--
