Archive-name: Bondage/fantasy1.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Fantasy #1


     She had blushed for a good half hour before she had told her fantasy to 
her lover.  It was fragmentary, but the fragments had become more compelling 
of late.  
       ... Being naked while he was fully clothed
       ... Having little or no control
       ... Being outside in moonlight
       ... Handcuffs, behind her back
       ... Her breasts exposed to whatever he wanted to do, with her having
                no control 
       ... Being masturbated in some place she'd been many times before
                (her front lawn, the fenced in area in front of her local 
                supermarket, on a tennis court all had occured to her)
       ... Being so aroused (she used horny when she only thought of it) 
                 that she lost all control
 
       She had masturbated several times to various combinations of these.  
She knew he would understand.  She'd known it since the time he had 
encouraged her to remove her shorts and let him play with her as they drove 
down the beltway.  She still remembered coming as the truck passed them, her 
legs spread, his hand buried in her love canal.
      
       He had only breathed harder as she went on about this set of images 
that had played such a strong part in her fantasies for so long.  He began 
asking her more and more questions about what she really had in mind; Was 
she interested in a pseudo-rape?; Was she interested in taking a real chance 
on being caught?; Was there anything she positively did not want to happen?
       When she was done describing it, they had removed each other's clothes 
and made love on the floor of his living room without another word being 
said.
       And at that she thought that was the end of it ...

    The next few days she found him smiling at her at odd moments.  She 
noticed an old gym bag had appeared in the back seat of his car, but each 
time she began to ask him about it, the subject mysteriously changed.
   On a warm evening he took her out to dinner.  She found him running his 
hand up her shorts when the waitress was away.  She only assumed he was hot 
and had an evening of lovemaking in mind for later.
   As they left the resturant he took a white t-shirt from his bag and 
handed it to her.  
   "Put this on."
   She looked at him oddly for a moment and began to pull it on over her 
shirt.
   "You don't understand.  Take off everything above your waist and put it 
on..."
    She examined the look on his face and got a wet feeling between her 
legs.  Nearly never breaking his gaze, she took off her blouse and bra, 
putting on the white T-Shirt.  She saw it had a design on it; Neil Young, 
Back To the Future!
    As her breasts crept free of her bra, he reached over and touched them 
tentatively, but made on other move.  The T-shirt was not new by any means 
and had the odd hole in it.  For a strange reason, it made her feel terribly 
sexy.
    The feeling between her thighs became stronger.
    "Now, before we leave, give me your panties."
    "Here?" She exclaimed.  A middle aged couple had walked up and was 
getting into the car next to them.
    "You don't understand." He said as he reached into her shorts and pulled 
the waistband of her panties put of the top of her shorts.  His pocket knife 
slit through it and only her left leg was still encased in her tattered 
panties.  
    Without another word, he reached over and cut the other side as well.  
As he pulled them from her shorts, she was very consious of two things;  the 
center was quite damp, and she was as horny as she had ever been without 
being fondled ...
 
        She couldn't ever remember being this wet.  Her firm nipples hardened 
and poked out through the thin material of the T-shirt.  She could feel her 
pussy getting wetter by the minute. 
        He started up the car, first insisting that she buckle her seatbelt. 
 
As they entered the fast moving traffic his hand went to her lap.  He reached 
up the leg of her shorts and began to run his fingers through the hair he 
encountered.  The seatbelt was all that kept her in her seat. 
        As he pulled onto the beltway, she felt his fingers touch her clit.  
He began by just lightly touching her, but within two miles had her squirming. 
        Yes!  That was the word she thought to herself.  Squirming!  It took 
all of her self control not to force his hand to move.  At different times it 
would have been to enter her or to force it away. 
        He pulled his hand back for a moment and she thought he would allow 
her to catch her breath.  Instead, he pulled her T-shirt up, poising it above 
her breasts, exposing them fully. 
        As his hand went back into her shorts, entering her this time, she saw 
him pull up along side the tractor trailer. 

    She sat there, restrained by her seatbelt, her T-shirt pulled up above 
her breasts, her legs apart, her pussy dripping;  an easy sign of her desire.
    He pulled into the fast lane on the beltway.  As he completed the lane 
change he put his hand back into the leg of her shorts.  He had a little 
difficulty this time.
    "Those shorts are inconvenient.  Take them off!"
    Taking a deep breath she slid the shorts down her legs where they formed 
a small pile of cloth at her ankles.  Looking up she saw the tractor trailer 
coming up on their right.  As she watched he dropped the back of her seat 
several inches.
    She lay back, exposing her pussy as well as her breasts.
    The compact car pulled up next to the truck as his hand once again 
gained full possession of her hungry pussy ...

     She lay back in the reclining seat in his small car.  Her T-shirt was 
over her breasts, covering them not in the lease, her shorts were in a pile 
on the floor, her panties neatly cut off.  His hand was again playing with 
her pubic hair, darting occasionally to her clit.
     She was incredibly horny.
     The truck was getting nearer each second.  She closed her eyes, not 
wanting to know if she was observed, concentrating on the touch of hand.  
     She could not keep her legs together.  His touch was intense, but she 
was unable to do anything to regulate it.  She was lost in the sensation.
Her bottom slid back and forth on the seat, trying to increase or escape 
thesensations.  Her hands clenched at the material of the seat.  Her 
seatbelt was a different form or restraint in her mind.
    She was near orgasm when the truck's horn sounded.  As the third short 
blast came so did she, her eyes tightly shut, not daring to see the driver 
of the truck ...
      She opened her eyes as her orgasm faded.  She lay back on the 
reclining seat, her top pulled up, exposing her breasts, her shorts in a 
pile on the floor.  She got a quick glimpse of the cab of the truck as her 
lover pulled ahead of the truck.
      She exhaled letting the tension leave her limbs.  His hand continued 
to stroke her pubic hair and occasionally running up and down her slit.  She 
found herself becoming more and more aroused as the ride continued.  
ÒHe pulled off the beltway, turning off the main street into a residential 
area.  It was well after 11:00 in the evening.  He had not allowed her to 
touch him except for stroking his hand.  She couldn't believe how much she 
wanted him.
     He took a side street and pulled up to the edge of a community park.  
He parked the car and reached out to the glove compartment, removing a 
leather collar.  He put it on her neck, buckling it.  She heard clinking 
sounds as he put things in his pocket.
    "Pull your shorts up.  We're getting out." He said to her as he removed 
his hand from her pussy ...
     She pulled her shorts reluctantly; his hand was leaving her hot pussy 
alone.  Almost as an afterthought, she pulled down her top, covering her 
breasts.  She began to pick up her purse, but a negative nod from him 
stopped her.  She knew it would be unnecessary.
     She got up and walked into the park.  They went past the tennis courts 
with their bright arc lights, being used by a middle aged couple, past the 
last buildings.  After a few more steps they were shielded from sight.
    He grabbed her, kissing her firmly, his tongue darting into her mouth.  
As she tried to wrap her arms around him, he pulled her wrists behind her 
back.  Holding them in one hand he got something out from his pocket.  She 
felt her wrists encircled by the metal bands of handcuffs seconds later.  
    He began to fondle her breasts through the shirt.  Before she had 
adjusted to the new sensation, she felt him attach something to her collar. 
A chain leash ran from her neck to his right hand ...

     Her hands were cuffed behind her back.  The path in the park was now 
beyond nearly all of the electric lights.  He tugged her along a few more 
steps and only the moonlight shone the way.  
     She could barely see him when he stopped, gripping the cheeks of her 
ass through the material of her shorts.  As he began kissing her, his 
fingers slid into the waist of her shorts and they were pulled off of her.
     His fingers ran briefly through her slit and then a second tug pulled 
her back along the path.  As they walked under the limbs of some trees, the 
path was plunged into total darkness.  She felt his hand on her breasts, but 
could see nothing.  
     She was totally unprepared for him pulling the shirt in tatters off of 
her body ...
     She stood there in her shoes and her chains, the tatters of her t-shirt 
falling from her shoulders.  In the shadow of the trees she was nearly 
blind.  She could only see his outline, not the slightest hint of expression 
on his face.  The cool wind blew across her body.  It felt luscious after 
the heat of the day.  She could feel her nipples hardening as the air passed 
by.
     He tore the remainder of the shirt from her body.  Her hands, still in 
cuffs behind her back, could do nothing to hinder him.  
Ò    It was as the shirt came off, leaving her naked that she remembered 
telling him about her fantasy.  She wondered how much of it he was prepared 
to fullulfill ...
     There was a tug on the leash.  She took a step foreward into blackness. 
 He ran his hand over her breasts.  She had been unable to see the gesture 
coming.  He rubbed first one breast, then the other.  With her hands bound 
behind her, she was unable to do anything to help or prevent it.
      That was exciting in its own way.
      His hand went down her smooth stomach, pausing over her fur, and then 
swiftly plunging into her.  As two of his fingers probed her, his thumb 
massaged her clit.  
      He had never made her come standing before.  It had always been too 
awkward; she had always made him stop and do something else.  She knew that 
this time he would continue until she came ...

     His hand slid into her.  She was so wet, he entered her easily.  He 
held her in place by pulling on the leash as he finger fucked her.  She 
found herself rocking back and forth on his hand.
     There was a strange unreal quality to the experience.  Not only was she 
naked, handcuffed and on a leash out in a public park, but the darkness was 
like a blindfold.  She might as well be blindfolded, she could only see the 
dimmest of shapes.
     She couldn't believe it.  She was going to come, standing up on this 
pathway.  She tried to stiffle her moans as it happened, but not only did he 
know exactly what was happening, but so would anyone who happened down the 
path.  She could be heard for a dozen yards.
    As his hands left her, she felt his body up against her, his mouth on 
hers, his tongue darting into her mouth.  He pulled away again with no 
warning.  He put his fingers on her lips. 
    She eagerly sucked her own essence from his fingers ...

     She pushed up against his body, her mouth seeking his.  As she found 
his mouth, her tongue probed him, her breasts rubbing up against his 
sportshirt, her loins against his jeans.  He allowed her to maintain the 
contact for almost a minute, but then broke off and again began to lead her 
down the path.
    She continued along the walk, her eyes becoming more accoustomed to the 
dark.  When they stepped out of the shadow of the trees, she could see him 
with moderate clarity.  He lead her to a ball field.  It's lush grass was 
springy underfoot.  He took her to a park bench, leading her to sit on it.  
    He spread her legs apart and began licking.  His actions were more 
intense than usual.  She found that she could not do much to control the 
degree of his stimulation.  With her hands behind her, he could easily 
control the spread of her legs.  
    After a moment he allowed/forced her to lean back, finally lying back on 
the bench.  
    He not only licked her with much more energy than usual, but after she 
lay down, penetrated her with first one and then two fingers, fucking her 
with then as he licked her.
    She positively writhed on the bench.  This was terribly intense.  She 
was already on the verge of orgasm when he slid a third finger up her ass ...
     The additional penetration sent her over the top.  She came, she came 
in torrents, she came from the uniqueness of her experience, she came from 
the long walk in the dark, she came from his ceasless licking, and she came 
from his most unusual (for him) double penetration of her loins.
     The orgasm was on another level than her normal ones.  She felt herself 
losing control of her limbs as the stimulation rose and fell.  She writhed, 
not for effect, not to adjust the angle of stimulation, but because she 
could do nothing else. 
     It went on and on.  His energetic tongue, and probing fingers, and the 
bonds that still held her;  All conspired to bring her to this new height.  
It was less a case of a too intense feeling (not at all like when he just 
rubbed her clit too hard) than a case of too much sensation from too many 
different avenues.
     Her struggles pulled her loins from his mouth.  When he tried to 
re-establish contact she begged him to let her rest.  He let her catch her 
breath for a long moment, removing his hand, and then opening her handcuffs. 
 They had only caused a mild roughness to her skin.  (She had not noticed it 
at all as it happened.)
     She sat up and gave him a long kiss.
     Without taking off the leash, she led him to the grass, pulling him to 
the earth.
     "I want to thank you," she said with a husky lilt to her voice...
      He lay back in the grass.  Her words, "I want to thank you..." Ringing 
in his ears.   She wore only her sneakers at this point.  He could easily 
see the lush curve of her breasts, nipples erect in the moonlight.  He had 
taken nothing off.
     She reached for his belt, opening it.  She undid his pants, releasing his 
erection from his shorts.  Her warm mouth moved close to it.
     She began by breathing on the head and shaft.  After a long moment of 
this, her tongue licked in short strokes the shaft itself.  Her patients was 
a marvel.  She treated his penis with the care one normally reserves for a 
newborn infant.  When she first actually kissed the head, he nearly moaned.

    Her enveloping the head of his shaft had all the sensuality normally 
seen only in vaginal insertion.  
    She was playing him like a violin and thoroughly enjoying herself ...

       She took his shaft fully into her mouth, her hand cupping his balls, 
controling his sensation completely.  She used her free hand to slide his 
pants down further.  Her mouth gripped him with a sensuality he could never 
remember having felt before, from anyone.  
       She was doing this not so much out of lust (he had certainly 
satisfied that in her) but out of a feeling of gratitude and a need to make 
him enjoy himself.  She began going up and down on his shaft, squeezing his 
balls lightly in time to the rhythm she had built up.
       As she felt him begin to tense, she used her free hand to send a 
single finger into his bottom, fingering him in time with her mouth.  She 
pushed it in a bit further with each penetration.  AS she felt him begin to 
spurt in her mouth, she had it up to the knuckle in his previously virginal 
bottom.
      Swallowing every drop, allowing none to escape, she sucked him dry.  
Sliding up his recumbent body, she kissed him, their tongues dancing with 
eachother.  She tasted the combination of his seed and her own emission on 
his lips.
       She lay there on him, not wanting to move.  
       After a time they got up, and he helped her dress, with the spare 
clothing he had tucked into the waistband of his pants.  They walked back to 
his car, got in and necked for a time.  As she put on her seat belt, he took 
her purse and slipped the handcuffs in.
      "I thought you'd like to keep them."
      She took them and only smiled, wondering if they would form the 
framework of a further fantasy ...


5/88 / John Carter
--
