Archive-name: Bondage/fantas1.txt
Archive-author: Brat Wizard
Archive-title: My Fantasy



I see you sitting there, dressed in black leather, trying to look like a
'tough' girl. Your long dark hair braided into a single rope and tie-wound
with a silver cord; your mouth painted deep blood red in stark contrast
to your pale skin. A leather choker around your neck hooks to a small chain
that lazily snakes its way around your breasts to rest in the valley formed
by your leather skirt. Underneath your open leather jacket I see you're wearing
a tight-black, net shirt; through the net I see your big brown areolae and
your thick hard nipples straining a thin silk top that does little to conceal
your cold - or is it excitement? Your tiny skirt has ridden up to show a bit
of creamy thighs before they disappear into long black-leather boots with
laces and studs the whole way down. A small heel holds your ankles bent,
showing off your shapely calves.

I'm watching you, facinated by your fingers, painted red to match your lips.
You're moving them in circles, idly wrapping them in the little chain hanging
from around your neck. Your jacket's covered in patches from concerts you've
been to see. You turn your head just a little and I see you're wearing two
earings in one ear. A silver cross dangles from a chain and a black onyx
stone set into a large silver base. How ornate the base. I wonder if it was
a gift. A gentle breeze blows the cross and I imagine the sensation it must
create for you. As you turn back again, I see a feather I missed before.
Hanging from a silver clasp, it must be a large crow or a raven. In my mind
I decide it must be a raven, it somehow fits you better.

You're talking to a friend, a red-headed girl with big green eyes, pale skin
and lots of little brown freckles. Her hair is straight and a little kinked
and falls just below her shoulders. She too is dressed in leather; a sharp
contrast to her pale skin. She is wearing a brown, leather jumpsuit with lots
of silver zippers. It ends in a skirt though, instead of pants, that reaches
to her knees. A large zipper, from top to bottom, is partially undone.
She too, like you, is wearing a large studded collar. Her suit is open at the
neck, straining against her cleavage. Her breasts, widely set, push against
the hard-soft leather. No bra, I note as I drop my eyes down to see her butt,
nicely-shaped behind wide hips. I look further down and see her feet, she's
wearing boots as well, but not like yours at all. Hers are smoother, not
studded like yours, they're also made of softer leather; I can see the bulge
her ankles make as they strain against the black leather at her feet. A little
silver stud tips the ends of each her boots. The tops fold down about three
inches. It gives her an exotic look.

I look back up as you're finishing saying something to her. It must have been
a joke since she tosses back her head and laughs. Her lipstick is not as dark
as the lipstick you have on. It almost matches her hair and brings the color
to her eyes. She leans over you and whispers in your ear. You start to grin
and look my way and then turn back again. You subtly shift and I see your rear,
firm and plump set behind wide hips as well. The two of you must be about
the same height I think, my mind racing with desire. By now I'm so enraptured,
I can hardly look away. Then you shift again. Your legs slightly part. I see
your little white panties, a little lace border around the edges. Your thick,
black bush strains against the cloth, causing your mound to bulge. Unconsciously
I lick my lips. I notice some hairs escaping. The thought of touching you
there, feeling your soft panties covering your coarse pubic hair gets my
cock hard and it strains against my jeans. In my mind I hold you tight and rub
my hands across your leather. The musky smell of you and it drives me wild
with passion.

Then suddenly, the two of you rise, and to my horror begin to walk away. After
about fifty feet you stop and glance briefly over your shoulder. A quick smile
darts your lips and then its gone and you start to walk away again. I watch
your asses gently swaying, firm and hard young asses. I feel compelled to
follow. I feel a little sheepish knowing that anytime you might turn around
and catch me following you. You come to the corner and you pause again, waiting
for the cars to pass. You turn a little and my heart stops, you look almost
at me and I see that smile again. Almost like a game, I think but knowing it
probably isn't. I follow anyway to see where you'll go as the light changes and
you start to cross the street.

You lead me on, down busy streets, winding your way through the crowd. You
duck into an alley. I'm almost afraid to enter. As you round the corner,
almost out of sight, you stop again and wait. As I pluck up my courage and
step into the alley, then you continue walking again. Maybe this IS a game
I think to myself. I start to like this silent stalking. Who's stalking who
I wonder.

You turn to your friend and say something. I hear the musical notes of your
voice but the wind snatches away the words. Your friend nods her head and you
turn into a doorway. As soon as your gone, I steel my heart and timidly open
the door behind you. A set of steps leads upward into dark corners but I hear
the swishing of your leather. I start to climb the stairs, cringing at every
creak. Surely you've called the police by now I think, and my mind conjures
images of jails and prisons and big guys named Butch.

As I round the corner, I hear some giggles, faint girlish giggles and some
'shusshing' sounds as well. One more flight of stairs, I think, before my
world will end. Bright lights and interrogation at the hands of the local
police. I read the headlines in my imagination, "Stalker-Rapist Caught in
Downtown Apartment" (see story on page 2C). "Stalker-Rapist Gets Electric
Chair", "Jury Has No Mercy on Stalker-Rapist". My mind is whirling, I don't
know what I'm doing or why I'm here.

I'm just about to turn and run when suddenly you come into view. "Don't go"
you ask, and then you turn away again. Suddenly I am more puzzled than
before. The Stalker-Rapist image fades away. My curiosity peaked, I turn
the last corner, and step into a room. I see you standing there beside the
bed, its covers rumpled. You're playing with a zipper on your jacket. You
say nothing, you just look at me. I sense your swift, yet casual appraisal,
taking in my being.

You glance at my dirty-blonde hair, scraggly beard. Unimpressed you continue
down, your eyes take in my shirt. Nothing special, a mustard stain on the
right side near my stomach. Your eyes widen just a fraction as they sweep
across my crotch. A moment's curl, a tiny smile, and then the expression
drops. You see my jeans, nothing special there, and finally to my shoes. A
pair of nikes, they once were white but that was a long time ago. Then you
raise your head again and beckon me with your finger. I take a step toward
you; you reach out your hand to me.

As soon as our fingers touch, electricty flows between us. Your eyes lock
mine and I know I am yours forever. The feeling lasts but a moment and then
I hear a sound behind me. Just a creak, a tiny sound, but it brings me back
to reality. I whirl around just in time to catch a glimpse of she- Your
friend, it seems, has plans for me.

I feel the cold, hard steel of a handcuff to my wrist. A quick 'clack',
'clack' and I am yours to keep. I twist and struggle briefly but suprise is
on your side. Within moments I am tightly bound, my eyes are wide with fright.
"Shhh", you softly soothe, "no one wants to hurt you." I relax a bit and you
smile again. Your friend steps around from behind me, she's smiling too. 

"I am Mistress Moon", you say, "and this is Mistress Rachael."

I'm scared again and start to tug at the restraints that bind my wrists. You
gently laugh and run your hand over my chest. It feels good so I stop for a
moment. You unbutton my top button and you move your face close to my chest.
I can feel your hot breath against my skin. Your nose is inches from my body,
you take in my man-smell. With a cautious tongue, you dart it out and quickly
taste my skin. I shudder with excitement, goose bumps start to rise. You
stand up again, your face turns stern.

"Do you know why you're here?" you ask.

I shake my head no. You continue on...

"You're just a man and I'm a woman, your purpose is to please me."

I start to tremble again, and you laugh. You turn away but I stand there, not
knowing what comes next. You motion for your friend and she comes over and
stands beside you. You take her hand, she turns her head. You kiss her gently
on the lips. Without stopping, you turn a little, so you can just see me out
of the corner of your eye. I stand entralled, thrilled at what you're allowing
me to witness. I've never seen two beautiful women kissing before. You look
back at your friend and start to kiss her harder. Your friend's breathing gets
faster. With your other hand, you slowly start to caress her body. You run
your hand along the leather. You stop over each bulging breast, caressing 
the soft flesh underneath the hard-soft leather. She begins to moan just a
little so you move your hand away.

Without a sound, you shift your position, now you're holding her more fully
in your embrace. I can tell you like to be in charge, she likes to let you.
Your kissing grows more passionate, your hand finds her ass. You begin to
rub it softly, she rubs it harder back at you. I watch you while your tongues
entwine, writhing where you're standing. Your woman-musk fills the air. Your
foot touches hers and you push it sideways to spread her legs a little. She
begins to moan as you rubs he mound, buried beneath the leather. You look at
me again, I nod and you look away.

You start to push her back, toward te wall. Soon she's up against it. You
spread her legs with your knees. She holds one leg up, against your body.
You rub your knee against her crotch, she moans in lustful pleasure. She
starts to jerk and push back towards you. For a while, you let her. Just as
it seems she can bear no more you stop as suddenly as you started. She looks
at you with passion's eyes, you laugh as she twists away without you. Then
you grab her wrist and pull it above her head. With little or no resistance,
she allows herself to be lead. I follow he wrist along the wall, till to a
ring you come. A binding there you fasten. Her wrist secure, you find her
other, till finally she is as bound as I.

I look at her, against the wall. Her wrists bound above her head, her legs
to rings set in the floor. The leather of her jumpsuit is stretched taught
against her body. She struggles and strains, trying to make the hard-soft
leather do what your knee was doing only a moment ago. Her rich, full lips
pouting, her eyes are bright with lust. She strains against her bonds, her
hips quickly thrust. You step away a step, you look at her a moment. Satisfied
you turn around.

You're looking at me now, my pulse quickens. My head is throbbing with
delicious thoughts, my loins are burning hot. You smile at me and come toward
me. I take a step toward you. Your eyes flash once and then they lighten, you
forgive me my trangression. You take the chain you've bound me with and lead
me toward the wall. You stop me directly in front of Mistress Rachael, her
lusting eyes upon me. With precisioned moves, you bind me to another set of
rings anchored to the ceiling.

I'm so close to her I can feel her breath, hot and humid and horny. Her
writhing body just out of reach, her leather lightly brushes my skin for a
moment. You've positioned us well. Just far enough apart so our lust adds to
each other. We've locked our eyes and lick our lips, it's all we can do
together.

"Enough" you command, she quickly stops, "Now I want some pleasure."

You come to us, you run your hands over our bodies, pulling us together. You
look at me and smile. "This is for you." you say. You grasp her zipper and
pull it down. Slowly revealing her to me. Her body is beautiful. Her breasts
are full. But I notice she's wearing a bra after all. A tiny bra, made of
satin. A light lavender-purple with a little red trim around the edges. She's
standing there, allowing you to pull her zipper down. About half-way you stop.
She moans. You lightly slap he across the face, she moans again. You slap her
again. You run your hand across her chest. Around her neck and then caress
her breast.

You handle each one gently, you feel its weight in your hand. The satin bra
can barely hold this burden, it jiggles both her breasts. You rub her nipples
through the bra. I see them start to stiffen. You lean down and breath on them.
They strain against the thin material.

I'm watching you, my dick is hard, threatening to cut off my circulation. I've
never been so aroused, I watch with rapt attention. I look down her body, the
leather suit is splayed. She looks just like a fragile butterfly, about to
be filleted. The suit opens around her hips, her heaving breasts in view. The
contrast between the satin and leather begins to take its due. I start to
breath more heavily. I start to writhe and moan. Suddenly you stop and look
at me. I stiffen.

"Stop it!" is all you say. I must not have obeyed properly, you hit me with
your hand. "Stop it!" you say again. I wimper but comply. You smile again and
run your hand down my chest. You run your hand across my waist. You stop when
you reach my dick. The pressure of your hand feels good, I push against it.
You let me for a moment and then you say "I said Stop It!" once again. With
great reluctance, I stop my thrusting. You leave your hand there anyway. You
start to rub my bulging cock, my jeans only add to the friction. Its hard to
stand there with you rubbing my cock and not moving. It takes all my will
power to keep from crying out.

"Mistress Moon!" I beg, your hand slaps me cruelly.

"You shall not speak unless I command it." Your eyes are bright with fire.
"I know what I'm doing, do you trust me?" you ask. I nod my head slowly, you
bring your hand to my cheek, touch me softly and then you smack it. Your
slap brings tears and burning pain, but only for a moment. You touch my cheek
again, and tenderly stroke where you slapped it. You reach up and wipe away
a tear that escaped from my eye. Then you turn to her again.

You take her zipper and tug it some more. You pull it all the way to the
bottom. She thrusts her hips away from the wall, her suit falls all the way
open. She is now totally exposed. I can see her tiny panties. They're made
to match her bra, the same satiny material hugs her mound. I can tell it's
been trimmed. Her mound looks long and narrow. It pushes the fabric outward.
The way her legs are spread, I can see the outline of her vagina, hidden
neatly underneath. A small, damp patch around her cunt gives away her lust
and pleasure. Her open thighs allow a fresh waft of her woman-smell to reach
my nose. My cock gets harder, if that's possible to imagine.

You bend down to play with something, and then I see what's happening. You're
turning a little bolt that pulls her legs wider apart. She gives a little
moan. You crank it once more and then you stop. You straigten up and look her
in the eye. You place your hand on her belly. She moans a little, you give
her a tiny slap on the tummy and then you rub her in circles. She starts to
writhe a little as you move toward her cunt. You brush it lightly and then
move your hand away. She wimpers but you just laugh. You move your hand across
her thigh, down her leg until you come to her knee. You tickle her special
place behind the knee. I watch, riveted by the spot that grows in her panties.
As you rub her knee, it grows and grows until she shudders and goes limp.

You smile and then turn to me. "You're next." you say. You kiss my cheek and
rubs your hands across my chest. She watches through half-closed eyes as you
move your hand downward. You come again to my cock and give it a slight
squeeze with your fingers. As you press against my dick, you reach your other
hand to my ass and rub my butt awhile. Then you slowly start to squeeze your
hands together, creating a deliciously tight sensation. You hold your grip
but start to run your hands around in circles. I moan and you lightly pinch
my cock.

"Time to see what you've got hidden." you smile and lick your lips. You reach
my belt and unfasten it. You lower my pants around my hips. My prick stands
tall, forming a tent in my underwear. You giggle slightly and then press your
lips to my bulge. You clamp down lightly with your teeth, I shudder from the
sensation, I feel your hot breath against my balls, and tighten in anticipation.
Then you stop and stand again. Your hands once more to my chest. You unbutton
each button slowly, you open my shirt delicately and pinch my nipples. A wave
of pleasure makes me moan, you tweak them a little harder. I moan again and
you smile, you twist them in your fingers.

I feel like I'm in agony, but sweet agony it is. You move your other hand to
my ass and rub me there a little. Then you move around to my cock, you
circle it with your fingers. Still pinching my nipples in one hand, you
gently tighten with the other. Alternating sensations coursing through my
body. Its hard to know which to feel. My senses are overloaded. You start
to rub my cock again, through my underwear; I feel like I'm about to explode.
You feel my balls get tighter, a knowing smile flits across your lips. Suddenly
you leave my cock and kiss me on the mouth.

I look over out of the corner of my eye and see she's getting excited. She's
watching us intently, flicking her tongue as if it was yours, trying to enjoy
me too. She strains against her bonds, her breasts jut out sexily. Her crotch
is grinding in thin air, my cock is straining to reach it. You laugh a little,
you know what's going on. You bring your knee up to my dick and press into
it hard. The presure brings a strange relief, I rub myself on you. You move
your knee and slap my dick. It stings but in a pleasurable way.

"Your pleasure is for me to release." you softly chide. "Now you'll just have
to watch." You turn to her again, you flick her clit with your finger. She
jerks in pleasure and softly moans. You chuckle and then you walk away.

As soon as you're gone she looks at me and licks her lips, slowly, sensuously.
She pushes her pussy toward me, though she can't quite reach. I arch my back
and thrust toward her. Our crotches lightly meet. She moves her hips in tiny
circles. The pleasure is immense. With all the stroking you'ld given me, I
am on the edge. Her tiny circles push me over, my balls pump cum into my
underwear, she laughs and relaxes. When you come back she looks at me, her
eyes on the stain in my shorts. You follow her gaze and when you see, you
sharply jerk my chain.

"I told you you were mine to please, and now you've gone and done it!" Your
angry eyes flash at me and you smack my butt pretty hard. She looks at me
and smiles, and licks her lips. You continue to smack my butt and now it
begins to hurt. You grabs my balls and pull them hard. You twist my dick
in your hand. Then you reach inside my shorts and get my cum on your fingers.

You turn toward her and smear my cum on her lips. Her tongue darts out,
tasting, licking. Soon she licks her face clean, you turn to me again, you
tug my shorts around my knees and jerk my dick some more. You're still mad
at me, but I can sense your secret pleasure. You knew all along what would
happen when you left the room.

"Mistress Rachael!" you sharply bark. Her heads snaps to attention. "I left
you here to get a few things, I was going to use on him." Her eyes grow wide
as you reach behind you and pull out a huge vibrating dildo. You turn to me
and tell me. "You think you've had your fun? I want you to watch what happens
when you disobey like you've done!" With that you reach out and grab a handful
of tit. And cruelly twist it around until she whimpers with the pain. You
smack her hard across the cheek, "That's for what you've done. You cunt, you
slut, you bitch-dog." You slap her breast again. Then you reach out and grab
her bra and with a single motion you rip it from her. She cries out from the
sting; I can see red marks from the straps.

You reach between her legs and fiddle with something against the wall. Then
you put the dildo on it and arrange it so it rubs against her cunt. When you
back away I see it, attached to the wall. It juts out between her legs and
vibrates directly on her pussy. She begins to moan, you slap her each time
she does. She wiggles on the fake dick and grinds her pussy on it. Every time
she makes a sound, you slap her breasts and tease her. Her panties are jammed
between her lips, I can see her struggling to get over the head of the dildo.
But you know what you're doing. The dildo is just out of reach. You tweak her
nipples and slap her rear, she's really starting to get into this. You reach
up and grab her throat and start to choke her. She's coughing now, and
sputtering but still you hold your grip. Then I watch her stiffen, her body
starts to twist. You jam three fingers up her cunt and savagely thrust them
in and out. She cries out between gasping breaths and you jab up in her as
she does.

Watching this has made me hard again. I'm beginning to get into the rythm. She
screams out loud and jams down on your fingers. Her body shudders and starts to
quake, her eyelids flutter and her eyes roll back into her head. With a final
gasp she stops. Her body limp, her head hangs down. You relax your grip from
around her throat and remove your fingers from her cunt. You bring your fingers
to your mouth and lick them in front of me. You're watching me now, my dick
starts twitching. You lick your fingers sexily, I can't help my feelings.

I start to come but you quickly grab me, "Oh no you don't! Not again!", as
you grab my cock around the base and hold me till the spasms subside. "Look
at her. She's had enough. That should teach you a lesson." I wimper something
softly, you slap me, "Did I ask you to speak?" My cock is limp but my balls
are tight. My body aches to cum.

You remove your skirt and panties. You push your panties into my face. They
are dripping with woman-juice and you tell me to lick them dry. I stick my
tongue out slowly, I taste them and they taste delicious. Salty and musky.
Woman-smell. My cock rises to full attention. You laugh at it and say "Just
like a man, can't keep his feelings hidden!" You're eyes twinkle a little,
still you hold the panties to my face. My every breath is filled with you. My
cheeks are starting to ache. You step back a step and spread your legs. You
lean over backwards a little. You srpread your lips with your fingers, "Do
you like what you see?"

Your cunt is full and fleshy. Your clit is standing out. Your juices are
running down your legs. You take off your jacket, remove your shirt and
top. Your bare breasts are jutting out, your nipples hot and taught. You
pick up your coat again and slide it on your shoulders. All you're wearing
know is your coat and your boots. With a look of pure excitement, your face
is flushed and red. You take a step toward me, you touch my cock with your
hand. You rub your cunt against me, you bite my neck hard. I feel your juices
running down my hip; you dig your nails into my butt. You hump against my
hip until it brings you off.

Now you're slightly sated and begin to take your time, "Its time for you
to have me" you smile. You swing your leg over the dildo between us and rest
against her, against the wall. She moans softly but you say nothing at all.
You simply rub your body, your back against her front. Her breasts are pushing
in your back, your ass against her cunt. Slowly she opens her eyes and begins
thrusting back. You slam her back against the wall, she slams into you again.
Both your cunts are riding, the faithful dildo vibrating between your legs.
I look at it's massive head, slick with the juice of your pussies. You reach
for me and grab me, your arms around my waist. You pull me toward you as far
as my chains will reach, your breasts against my front. You bite my nipples
with your teeth as you pound me with your cunt.

Suddenly without any warning, I slip inside of you. Our bodies touch, we
start to fuck, pounding rythm, you slam me, I slam you, you slam her against
the wall. She pushes you, you push me, we continue to ball. Your hips begin
a little wiggle, feeling that plastic dick, your steaming crotch is slippery
with your juices. You move your ass so it's in the way, and on the next thrust,
you manuver me so the dildo slides into your ass. You're completely filled, you
start to moan. I begin to moan with you. Mistress Rachael's against the wall,
rubbing against you. You scream and curse, you shimmy and shake, you fuck me
for all it's worth. She is coming already, her passion can be heard. With a
mighty tremor you start to shake, you pussy clamps down on me. This sudden
thrill is more than I can take, I start to cum inside you. "Fuck me harder!"
you beg me now, "Fuck me, you slimy bastard! I want to feel that cock of
yours run me through, fuck me till I- Nnnh, Nnnh... NhhhhaaaAAAAAAGHHHHH!"
You scream a lusty, animal scream. You jam back down on the cock inside
your ass, she holds you tight, you scream some more, your face is tight with
pleasure. I'm cumming too, holding you. And soon we collapse together.

We stay like this for a long while. I really don't know how long. When I
finally look up, it's dark outside. The only light is from a street lamp.
You kiss me tenderly. You hand runs along my cheek. You reach between your
legs and turn off the plastic dick. You smile at me and start to kiss me.
And when I open my mouth, you thrust your tongue inside and clamp it down
on mine. You ask me to never leave you, to stay and be your slave. I tell
you though, I enjoyed the day, next time is YOUR turn in chains!

--
