Archive-name: Bestial/fantasi.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Fantasies


Been wanting to tell you about my fantasy yesterday when the farrier was
here.  Like I said, she was down on the ground on her hands and knees.
She's about 5'5", kinda slim, reddish blonde hair.  She wears the tightest
blue jeans I ever saw!  
I was thinking about the three of us fucking and sucking, right there in
the grass while the animals watched.  I was thinking of watching you two
play with each other for a while, then I'd have to join in!  I'd like to
stand while the two of you were on your hands and knees, sucking and
stroking my cock and balls.  I'd have a riding crop so I could reach both
your asses, and give you a little smack once in awhile to help you move a
little faster.  I reach under you and pinch the nipples of your tits.
Wish I could get to them and bite them!  
After a bit, I command you to start getting the horse ready.  You start
rubbing his sheath, and his 13 inch cock slides out from it's hiding
place.  You rub, stroke, and lick his shaft until it's fully hard.  I lead
you to a special "bed" that I have prepared for you.  It's just the right
height for you to lie back on, and I lead the horse over you until the
head of his huge cock is touching the wet lips of your pussy.  You take
his cock into your hand and guide him into the wetness.  The head is
large, and it finally disappears into your cunt, and I see several more
inches slide in.  With about four inches inside, you start stroking the
lenght of his shaft, up and down, trying to get more inside you.  The
horse humps, and two more inches disappear into your hot cunt.  Your hips
start rocking, fucking back on the horse cock.  He grunts, gives one more
great hump, and I see cum spraying out around your cunt lips.  You almost
faint with pain and pleasure.
My farrier has been busy with the dog.She has been stroking and sucking his
cock, and he is ready for you.  I command you to get on your knees, and as
you do, I give you a couple of whips across the ass with the leather lead.
You beg for something in your pussy.  I lead the dog up behind you and
command him to mount you.  He is eager, and his red cock is aimed right at
your slit.  As you feel his paws touch your back, you reach back and guide
his long, red shaft into you.  He starts pumping fast and you moan with
pleasure.  I watch closely, and hear you scream when the knot enters you.
You rock back and forth, until his hardness subsides, and finally his 8"
red dick slides out of you.  The mixture of your juices, along with horse
cum and dog cum, run down the insides of your thighs.  
You look back at me and see that my cock is still hard.  I tell you to lay
on your back and tell the farrier to suck at your well-used pussy.  She is
glad to oblige and soon you have another orgasm.  I lie down and you tell
the farrier to squat down on my hard cock.  She rides me for a while, but
you make her stop before I come.  I have you turn over again and get on
your hands and knees.  I come up behind you and smack your ass several
times with my hand.  I pull your ass cheeks apart and see the wetness.  I
drag the wetness from your pussy up to your asshole.  I gently push in one
finger and start stroke it in and out.  As you start to moan, I guide the
head of my cock into your soaked cunt.  I can feel your muscles pulling me
inside and sucking at my cock.  I start fucking you faster, and fingering
you asshole faster.  I slow down, withdraw, and push the tip of my cock
into your asshole.  I feel the tightness give way and let me inside.  It's
so hot and tight!  I feel the cum boiling in my balls as you reach back
between your legs and massage them.  I slam into your ass one last time,
and feel spurt after spurt of cum exploding deep into your ass.  

We are completely exhausted and fall asleep, well satisfied!


--
