There were two of them that night.  Yes, two of them.  I'll never 
forget it; it was simply wonderful. 

Linda was gorgeous.  She was about 5'7" with green eyes and blond 
hair.   I'm not sure what she weighed, but she was  a  knock-out!  
Large round and firm breasts with wonderfully large nipples  that 
grew  to giant size when they were firm...and, they  were  always 
firm.  Her ass was tight and rounded in perfect proportion to her 
tits.  Flat stomach and a curvaceous torso.  She was like a dream 
with a personality to match. 

She  was in from out of town, having called my wife a  few  weeks 
earlier requesting a place for an old friend to stay.  I had  met 
Linda  at our wedding and was impressed with her then.   But,  my 
wife  was  no slouch either so I wasn't too  terribly  distracted 
(but,  that's  another  story).   My wife picked her  up  at  the 
airport,  and  they arrived in time for us to share in  making  a 
warm  and wintry dinner at home.  We served plenty of  wine  that 
evening.   And, a good thing too. 

We settled into the living room after things were cleaned up  and 
Linda  explained why she was visiting Washington.  I was  feeling 
too  relaxed to be too very serious and decided to put some  warm 
music  on  the stereo just to keep things light.  As I  sat  back 
with  a  fresh glass of wine, I enjoyed watching my  wife  engage 
Linda  in  some  coded  conversation that  I  was  obviously  not 
supposed  to  be able to decipher.  But, I kept  getting  glances 
from Linda and had the uneasy feeling that I was getting the eye.  
Now, that wouldn't bother me, except that I really liked the  way 
she looked!   But, I became uncomfortable because I felt that  it 
was  an utterly hopeless situation as far as anything  coming  of 
it. 

I  left  the room for a breather and remembered the  many  recent 
conversations that my wife and I had had about  threesomes...and, 
the possibility that we might just be able to set something  like 
that  up  one day.  Naturally, it had to be with a woman  as  the 
third.  Could this be it?  Surely, something would have been said 
to me earlier.  Besides, I really didn't think that my wife would 
really  go along with the idea anyway.  But, before I  could  get 
back  to  the  living room, I was intercepted by  my  wife.   She 
placed her arms around me and planted a wet passionate kiss  upon 
my  mouth.   Her  tongue  entered between  my  willing  lips  and 
searched  and  found  my moist tongue.  Our  tongues  teased  and 
wrestled  with  each other for moments as I begin to  fondle  her 
breasts  with my searching hand.   Then, just as suddenly as  she 
had approached, she withdrew her mouth from my lips.  Looking  me 
dead  in the eye, she asked if it would be all right for  her  to 
kiss  Linda  the  same way!!!!  I couldn't  believe  what  I  was 
hearing.  My wife wanted to kiss and caress another woman!  While 
I  had  thought about this moment countless times  before,  being 
faced  with it was entirely different story.  All of a sudden,  I 
just didn't know what I should feel.  "Sure," I said, "But,  what 
about me...do you want me to leave?"  She nodded her head,  "No."
And,  her  silent response was all I needed to become  okay  with
what was about to transpire. 

I  followed my wife into the living room and sat across from  the 
couch  in the easy chair so that I would have a good view of  the 
action.   My  wife  walked  over to Linda,  who  by  know  needed 
assurance  that  this  was  to be  okay  with  me.   Sensing  the 
question,  I  nodded my head.  We both smiled, for it  was  clear 
that  I  might get my chance at making love to her;  she  clearly 
approved.   My wife sat next to her, offered her a refill on  her 
wine, which was declined in favor of Linda reaching for my wife's 
glass  and placing it down in the coffee table.  Now, Linda  took 
her  hand  and caressed my wife's head and cheek, like  a  mother 
would do with a young daughter.  Her tender touch brought my wife 
closer  to  her and she moved to place her lips  upon  my  wife's 
mouth.    I  was frozen.  But, as they made contact, I  began  to 
feel a warmth and tingle come over me.  I fell into a mild trance 
as  their mouths meet before me.  Two incredibly beautiful  women 
embraced...mouths  locked  to each  other...tongues  feeling  its 
others   wetness...gentle   caress  being  exchanged   with   one 
another...hands  beginning to explore faces, breasts and  torsos.  
My  cock  began to grow, as it does now as I think back  on  that 
evening.  It grew very hard and pushed to cause a large bulge  in 
my pants.  It was dark in the room and I knew they wouldn't  see, 
and  certainly  would never notice as my hand felt  my  throbbing 
penis which yearned for a touch.  

I  watched  as they began to undress each other and  the  passion 
began  to  increase.  I was dying to know how wet  their  pussies 
were  getting and how hard their nipples were.  I  imagined  them 
naked before me even before they were!  I was getting so  fucking 
excited I thought that my pants would either bust open or I would 
just  cum in them.  Linda succeeded in getting my wife  undressed 
to find her stocking's and garter a gift for her.  She spread  my 
wife's legs and buried her face on her blond bushy cunt.  My wife 
caressing  Linda's  naked  skin  anywhere  she  could  find   it, 
frustrated that she hadn't gotten all of Linda's clothes off yet.  
I  thought  for a moment of helping her, but I  sensed  that  she 
wanted these moments for herself.  I decided that I was lucky  to 
be there at all!   Soon, Linda lifted her face and smiled as  her 
tongue  tried to lick my wife's juices from around her lips.  The 
dim light caused her pussy wet face to glisten slightly.  My wife 
helped  by bringing her tongue to the aide.  She licked all  over 
Linda's  face.  Then, on some silent command, they rose from  the 
couch,  and  began to strip each other naked.  There  they  stood 
before  me...four  huge  and turned on tits just  waiting  to  be 
licked and fondled.  I thought my cock would bust that evening. 

They stood staring at each other for a long moment.  Each  others 
eyes  taking advantage of each others nakedness.   Each  admiring 
the others bodies.  Each wanting to make love to the other.  Each 
began  to reach out to explore the other.  Their hands  exploring 
their  curves and flat stomachs.  Soon, my wife was  feeling  and 
exploring  Linda's  large, firm tits.  Her fingers  circling  the 
nipples slowly and feeling each little dimple and bump on Linda's
aureoles.  From a distance I witnessed Linda's nipples grow  even
larger and began to squirm as my wife's finger began to pinch and 
pull  on  them.  I think I was jealous sitting  there,  my  mouth 
beginning  to  drool with lust as my wife was  caressing  another 
woman.   As hard as it was for me to just watch, I was  beginning 
to wish that these moments would never end.

Linda began to smile as my wife continued working on her nipples.  
She moaned as they were both being pulled and stretched.  She bit 
her lip in passionate agony as the torture continued, but reached 
with   her hand to pull my wife closer to her so that  she  could 
begin  biting her ear.  Now, I just knew what would happen  next.  
My wife placed Linda's closest breast in her mouth and her tongue 
licked  her nipples and her mouth closed in tight suction as  she 
sucked  and sucked on that breast, almost as if it were my  cock.  
(As  I watched this display I even imagined for a moment that  my 
cock  was in her mouth and that she was sucking wildly on it.   I 
yearn  to have my cock stroked and sucked by a  sexually  aroused 
woman.)

But,  soon  her  mouth and tongue began  exploring  the  rest  of 
Linda's  beautiful  nakedness  and I could soon  begin  to  sense 
Linda's restfulness.   I made a slight coughing sound, and as  if 
on  cue,  they  started for the bedroom.  At  the  last  possible 
moment, my wife's head turned toward me and I received a  knowing 
glance.   I gave them a few moments alone, but then followed.   I 
remained clothed as I walked into the bedroom to discover them in 
a 69 position upon the bed. 

My  cock  throbbed and throbbed as I witnessed them  sucking  and 
eating each others cunt juices.  Each of their tongues were  deep 
in the other's vagina.  Each sent there hands exploring as  their 
mouths,  tongues and cunts began to work feverishly and  in  some 
sort of race to bring the other to orgasm.   They turned each  on 
their sides so that they could spread the others ass's apart  and 
explore  their  tight assholes.  Linda's  fingers  penetrated  my 
wife's anus and the lubrication from my wife's  own pussy entered 
her own asshole.  My wife asked for some lubrication, and I found 
my moment to act.  I grabbed the K-Y jelly from the night  table, 
placed  a dab on my finger and wiped in onto Linda's ass  for  my 
wife!   I  lubricated  Linda's fucking asshole  for  my  wife  to 
penetrate  with  her finger!  How fucking incredible.   As  their 
fingers penetrated each others anus' and their mouths sucked each 
others  clitoris',  I could hear the sounds of love  making.   My 
wife  stole  a  moment to eventually  withdraw  her  finger  from 
Linda's  anus to reach for the dildo that I had set down next  to 
her.   She placed inserted it onto Linda's dripping cunt and  got 
it very wet with cum as I am certain that Linda was now in almost 
constant  orgasm.  Her body was retching and I could  almost  see 
her  clit quivering in the air.  She was turned onto her back  as 
my wife began to pump that dildo in and out of her lover's pussy.  
She took that thick rubbery long cock-like tool and began ramming 
it  in  and out of Linda's willing cunt.  Linda's  hands  reached 
over to help by spreading her swollen cunt lips and the dildo was 
pressed ever deeper.  Š
Linda  was moaning and retching with passion and my  wife  pumped 
the  dildo  in and out of that wet willing and young  cunt!   She 
twisted  and turned it and made every which motion with  it  that 
she  could.   Linda began to cry out that she wanted  more.   She 
began  to beg to be fucked.  "Fuck me..oh, please fuck  me!"   My 
wife  responding  by  pounding  that dildo it  and  out  of  that 
drenched and hot vagina.  She pumped it in and out, over and over 
again,  and over again.  Then, acting with  deliberate  slowness, 
she withdrew it completely from Linda's cunt. And, you could hear 
Linda's  cunt  make a popping like sound as it was so  very  wet.  
Wasting  not one second, my wife took the wet and now  hot  dildo 
and  ran its shank across Linda's anus!  Her anus tingled as  the 
wet rubbery dildo skirted the orifice.  At first, Linda  screamed 
that she just wanted to be fucked!  But, my wife had  anticipated 
the problem and was know adeptly inserting the dildo into Linda's 
ass!   As its slippery surface penetrated Linda's pink anus,  the 
moans turned into deeper moans as she demanded more dildo  rubber 
up  her  ass.  My wife willing complied, and soon  all  12"  were 
inserted deep into Linda's hole. 

By now, I had stripped myself naked.  I was hot with passion;  my 
cock  throbbing and waving in the wind, I practically  leaped  on 
the  bed and forced my cock into Linda's cunt!  It was  warm  and 
wet...spread wide from being worked, but still very firm in feel.  
I  felt its wetness upon my cock which had been yearning for  her 
cunt  for quite some time.  It throbbed within her  vagina  which 
had  accepted  it  gladly.  I could feel the  dildo  on  my  cock 
through  her lubricated vaginal wall.  I pumped my  penis  harder 
and harder as I felt her vagina clamp down upon it in a vice like 
manner.  My mind was filled with sexual rage and my cock throbbed 
so hard I thought it would explode with fury.  I continued to ram 
my  cock into her pussy as she screamed for more fucking  and  my 
wife  and I gave it to her.  The dildo in her anus and  my  thick 
long  cock within her cunt.  Linda came wildly know, but  neither 
my  wife  nor I let up.  Linda wanted to be fucked  and  we  were 
fucking her from both ends.  As I glanced at my wife, I could she 
a  passionate woman going fucking crazy with lust as I  witnessed 
saliva drip from her mouth! 

This  drove me absolutely crazy and I pumped my cock  faster  and 
harder  into Linda.  Before I could say anything, my wife  yelled 
at  me,  "Cum!"   And, I cummed in such a fucking frenzy  that  I 
thought my cock would exit through Linda's mouth!  I thundered in 
orgasmic thrill and felt the passion of a wild woman beneath  me.  
I  could feel the rubber like cock through Linda's vagina and  it 
was like my cock rubbing against another cock. 

After  ejaculating my sperm into Linda's cunt, I knew that I  was 
still  hard with lust.  I withdrew my still throbbing  penis  and 
faced  my wife.  I took her hand from Linda's ass, and  left  the 
thick  rubber dildo still inside for Linda.  I could see  Linda's 
hand reach for her toy and hold it there to be sure it would  not 
be  taken  away.   As her other hand reached  for  her  cunt  and 
scooped  out  my  cum that by know was mixed in  with  her  pussy
juice.   She moistened her fingers in it and then took it to  her
mouth to taste its tartness.   My wife and I watched her taste my 
cum  which  came from her cunt and we went  fucking  crazy.   The 
night had been tame up until now!! 

My  cock entered my wife's pussy with such passion that  I  found 
myself slapping my body against hers.  She was melting in my arms 
as I grabbed her torso and held in down as I rammed and pumped my 
cock,  with Linda's cunt juice into my wife's pussy!  This was  a 
most incredible experience for us all.   There was Linda, sucking 
on her cum drenched fingers, occasionally dipping and feeling her 
pussy  while with the other hand she was moving  that  lubricated 
dildo in and out of her asshole! 

I  pumped  my cock harder and harder and in the  background  both 
women were screaming in ecstasy!  

Finally,  after what seemed like forever, I came again!  Then,  I 
began to melt onto my wife.  I left my cock within her wet vagina 
as I glanced over at Linda.  She had closed her eyes and was know 
falling asleep!   WITH THE DILDO STILL UP HER ASS! 

My wife smiled at me, and I at her.  Soon we were all asleep.



