Archive-name: 3plus/fantasys.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Discovering Threesomes
                        

                                PART 1

  For the last five of six years of our marriage Linda and I have made aait a
must to get away from our small community of friends and relatives and have a
weekend just for the two of us.  It's easy when you combine business trips with
an extra day or two and the fact that Linda's parents live about three doors
down the street.
  The rule is that we plan something special like visiting
historical sites, a museum, fishing, snow skiing, etc.  It has to be something
the two of us can enjoy.  The second rule is that the weekend is centered
around sex.  Linda dresses and act sexy both in the motel room and outside.
Last summer we went to a nearby large metropolitan center to spend the day
looking at new autos.  Linda's clunker needed trading, so we spent the day
looking at cars on lots.
  It happened sort of by accident.  Linda wore a pretty slip-over shirt with no
bra and a pair of wide-legged shorts.  The shorts weren't too long and under
the right conditions, the view was just great.  It wasn't long before I
realized that the salesmen were staring at my wife as she bent over and crawled
in and out of various cars.  Even with a pair of panties on, I could see a lot
of ass and sometimes even a pubic hair or two sticking out of her panties.  I
kept a hard-on until she noticed and asked why.  We kidded some through lunch
and had a couple of beers before looking at some more lots.  The beers made her
bolder, so my pleading paid off and she removed her panties.  I told her I
could see some, but I could really see a heap and Linda knew it.  Her nipples
were at full attention against her T-shirt.  At 38 my wife's still good
looking, thin and trim, but well-rounded with a beautiful pair of breasts that
are firm and pointed.
  The first salesman after lunch got a good view of her ass and an even better
view of her cunt as she got in and out of the car.  I was so hot and bothered I
wanted to fuck her right on ther spot.  The game was fun and we played it for
hours from dealership to dealership.  At least a dozen salesmen saw more of
Linda that day than all the rest of the men in her life other than me and her
gynecologist.
  When we got back to our room we fucked for an hour; our best sex in months.
Staying turned-on all afternoon made it even better for both of us.  We had a
few beers and talked about our fun.  Linda had honestly enjoyed the afternoon
as much as I had.

                             PART 2

  We decided to stretch our luck and go dancing at a country/western place that
was highly advertised.  Linda wore her blouse mostly unbuttoned and tied with
her tightest jeans.  We've always avoided situations where men ask Linda to
dance, but we decided just this night would be different.  The small area
around the dance floor was filled, so we sat at the long bar to sip a brew.  A
man was sitting on the other side of Linda by himself so I engaged him in a
conversation.

  He'd not been to this particular bar too often even though he lived nearby.
His wife and kids were at his parents' house and he'd just walked over to the
shopping center and decided to come in.  His name was Bill and he couldn't take
his eyes off Linda's open blouse.  I knew he could see a full breast and a
nipple without being obvious.  Linda knew he was looking because it took her
some time to speak without blushing and sounding nervous.  We talked for some
time, and I got him to order us another round while we danced a number.  I
asked Linda if she was enjoying the attention.  She blushed and nodded with a
smile.  I got even bolder and asked if she' consider unbuttoning all the way to
show him both breasts.  I told her we might walk out to the car if she would
feel more comfortable.  She said she would have to think about it some more.
  Linda got friendlier with Bill after a little conversation and a lot more
beer.  She even asked him to dance after a while and winked at me on her way to
the dance floor.  Linda had made up her mind, but wanted me to take the lead.
When the band took a break, I suggested we all take a beer and walk outside to
get some relief from the smoke.  Our car was parked in a lot across the street
so we just headed over to have something safe and clean to lean on.  The lot
was open to the public, but it was private enough that no one would really
notice.
  I just popped the question.  "Linda," I said, "why don't you undo that blouse
and give Bill and I a full view so we won't have to keep on sneaking peeks at
your boobs."
  Bill's eyes lit up as Linda untied and opened her blouse right there on the
spot.  She told us, "I am so embarrassed.  What if someone sees me?"
  Our answer was that if she would step a little closer, we'd not only be able
to shield her but also see better.  Linda shut her eyes and moaned softly as we
both cupped a tit.  Her tits are one of her real erogenous zones and are a
guaranteed break-down to all her defenses.

                            CONLUSIONS

  That night was no exception.  I unbuttoned her jeans, forcing my hand down to
her cunt.  My finger found a wet, hot and ready woman.  I motioned for Bill to
do the same.  Linda had not opened her eyes, but her breathing was greatly
increased and her hips were moving to the thrusting if Bill's finger.  I told
Linda that I wanted her to let go and that I wanted her to have sex with Bill.
  She responded with a slow OK, but also asked that it not be here.  Bill
suggested his home so we climbed in the car with Linda in the middle.  Bill
kept up the pressure by sucking a breast and keeping his fingers busy between
her legs.
  At the house he led us into the den and pulled the drapes.  Linda asked me if
I was sure that I wanted her to go all the way.  I told her that I really
wanted her to but only if she wanted to.  She told me, "I want it so badly I
can't help myself."  We undressed her and gently laid her on the floor.  Bill
produced a healthy, seven or eight inch cock for her to suck.  I sat back and
watched for just a second as they moved to a pure 69 position.
  That night we share Linda over and over for several hours.  We took turns
fucking her and then she would suck us hard again.  Funny, but I was more
turned-on than Bill.  I kept a hard-on for most of the night.  What was worth
it all was Linda's total
abandonment when her last big orgasm hit.  It must have lasted 10 minutes and
neither of us could move as fast as she could as we sought to satisfy her
pleadings to "please fuck me, please suck me, more, more..."

  We left about 3:00 am and had slow, gentle sex back in the privacy of our
motel room.  The event proved to be a turning-point in our relationship.  Never
before had we had a really special secret that only the two of us shared.
Never have we had a single regret.  Since that time, we met a couple at a ski
resort who was on the prowl.  It was OK but not as good as our first night.  We
may be wrong, but we plan to stick with threesomes where Linda and I can stay
together.  With Bill, Linda was making love to me and having sex with Bill.
Once we understood it, we realized that we can continue having sex with others
safely and with no fears.

                        Mr. (Name and address withheld by request.)

                    HAVING THEM ALL AT ONCE

  My wife and I have been married for 10 years now, and we still enjoy sex
together tremendously.  We are both 30 years old and in better shape then when
we were teenagers.  My wife is a slender- built redhead with the face of an
angel, but she loves to get stoned and become a real devil.
  One day when we were on vacation down in North Carolina, I found out how wild
she could become.  We werecamping in the woods by a large lake.  Our cabin was
near another in which several college boys were having a real good time.  They
especially appreciated watching my wife lie beside the lake on the dock in her
string bikini.  She had noticed their attention and would do everything she
could think of to tease them.  When I asked her about it she said, "Who's
teasing?  I'd love to have them all at once!"
  I was quite amazed at her frankness.  Before this conversation the most we
had ever explored on the subject other sex partners was only in fantasy.  I
told her that if that was what she really wanted I would help her.  She said,
"I just want you to stay around so that they don't get too rough."  I agreed.

                         <Conclusion>

  That night we invited them over for a few drinks and a couple of joints.
After everyone had become good and relaxed, my wife went into the bedroom.  I
followed and watched as she removed her clothes.  The she put on only a sheer
white blouse and super tight and high cut pair of shorts.  She headed back into
the living room with all the guys following her every move.  She loved it!  I
told everyone to have fun and to not worry about me.  I drove away and saw my
wife close the front door behind her.  Driving only about a quarter mile as
planned, I hurried back to the cabin as the last remamants of daylight
disappeared.  I quietly moved up to the large window facing the lake.  Looking
in, I saw my wife serving them another round of drinks.  Her nipples were erect
and the boys behind had ther eyes riveted on her half-naked ass.  I could tell
she knew exactly what she was doing to them as I saw her glance at their
crotches every now and then.  She walked over to the window and glanced in my
direction.  I let her know that I was there and soon the boys came over to be
close to her.
  She slowly started to remover her blouse.  The light from the cabin bathed
every inch of her bared flesh.  The boys finished the strip for her as they
swarmed over her body.  She put up a bit of a struggle and I though she was
having second thoughts, but she was only making sure that she put on a good
show.  The she asked them to stop.  She walked over to one of the boys and
removed his shirt.  She sank to her knees and told the others to get undressed.
The she began to undo the young man's pants.  Pure lust was in her eyes as she
reached int his open front and grabbed his cock in her hand.  Her eyes grew
wide as she pulled the huge shaft out of its constraints and removed the shorts
entirely.  His cock was twice as large as mine!  She fell forward and rubbed it
in her face and them positioned him so that I would have the best possible view
of her sucking him.

  She told the others that she wanted to suck them all, but she wanted this one
first and to just watch.  She lowered her head over his cock and slipped the
head between her lips, her swirling tongue continuously painting its surface.
Slowly she fed the entire shaft deep into her mouth and down her throat.  The
massive thing twitched as if it were alive as she pressed her lips against his
balls and stomach walls.  The others had seen all they could and they took
turns ravaging her other end.  She met them half-way on every thrust.  She
climaxed three time before the guy she was sucking began to shudder to orgasm.
One of the guys found our Polariod on the table and started snapping pictures
of my wife getting it from both ends.  As they developed, he showed them to
her, and she went limp with passion.  Those boys fucked her every way
imaginable for the next two hours.  Finally exhausted and fearing my return,
they headed back to their cabin.
  When I "arrived" home I found her in the shower freshening up.  We smoked
another joint as we talked about what had just happened.  My wife told me that
she had really enjoyed doing it, but that she didn't want it to become a habit.
She also said she was going to return the favor as soon as she could arrange it
with some horny women for me.  She slid down my waist and undid my pants and I
felt her wonderful, hot mouth close over my cock.

                        Mr. (Name and address withheld by request)

                          Dorm Room Friends....

I am in my dorm room with my girlfriend and my roommate.  We have been drinking
and the topic turns to sex.  As we all relate different experiences, my
girlfriend, Terri, starts to rub against me and puts her hand on the crotch of
my shorts.  She looks very sexy in her short denim skirt and t-shirt.  Knowing
she has nothing on underneath  makes me very excited.  Jack, my roommate smiles
evilly as he watches. I know he has a good view up her skirt.  I think Terri
knows too.  Next she pulls down my shorts and takes my stiff cock into her
mouth, licking and sucking.  I moan and place my hands on her head to control
her movements a bit.  She is on her knees now, her ass in the air on my bed,
totally exposed to Jack's view.  I motion him over as she starts jerking my
cock and squeezing my balls.  He comes over and pulls off his pants, placing
the head of his swollen cock against Terri's cuntlips.  Rubbing it against her,
she moans on my cock and starts jerking harder as she rubs the head against her
tongue.  Jack grabs her hips and pulls her back onto his rod.  Terri stops
sucking me briefly, her eyes closed in passion as Jack begins ramming into her.
She grunts softly with each of his thrusts, then starts working on my throbbing
cock again.  She starts squealing as she approaches orgasm, her head bobbing on
my cock in unison with Jack's thrusts.  Soon she tenses as her orgasm sweeps
over her, Jack continuing to pound her cunt.  As it passes, I suggest she get
on top of Jack and take both of us at the same time.  She quickly agreed and
climbed onto Jacks cock as he lay down.  She immediately began humping him, his
hands were all over her large breasts.  I got behind her and held her still as
I pushed the head of my saliva soaked cock against her asshole.  She reached
back to spread her cheeks as I pressed harder, til it finally popped.  She
urged to start fucking as she lay ontop of Jack.  I eagerly complied, slowly
fucking her ass at first, then pumping into her with greater speed and force.
Jack again was slamming into her hot pussy as I attacked her ass.  The
sensation of the tightness was too much for me and I rapidly reached orgasm.  I
held her hips as I shoved into her, squirting my cum into her tight ass.

As he moaned that he was coming, he continued to drive into her. Terri had
reached several orgasms at this time and was gasping with pleasure.  Soon we
lay still catching our breath.  I pulled out and clean my cock.  Then I came
back to the two, now separated.  I lay Terri on her back and brought mynow
stiffening cock between her breasts.  She smiled and pressed them against my
cock as I started tit fucking her.  She licked the head of my cock with each
thrust.  Urging me to come into her mouth, I fucked more rapidly, the delicious
friction of her breasts bringing me to a quick climax.  I shouted I was ready
to come and she took me into her mouth, jerking my cock and squeezing my balls
as I shot a wad of come.  She sucked it eagerly, swallowing my load and sucking
until I shrank down.  We all rested then, quite contentedly.


                      It's Eleanor's Turn Again

  Eleanor and Cheryl had gone on a "date" and were surprised to find their new
"friends" were black.  After smoking a little pot the blonde Cheryl had done a
strip-tease act for the two men.  Raymond, the larger of the two, had forced
Cheryl to suck him off.  The Champ had screwed Eleanor to orgasm.  While Champ
pumped Eleanor, Raymond had filled the blonde's pussy with his large, black
prick.

  Eleanor didn't know how long she had lain there, it seemed like hours, though
it was only a hazy blue of lights and colors, sounds and voices around her.
She tried to cry, but the tears would not come.  Perhaps it was too late for
that, she told herself.  She would have liked to hide from the awful truth, but
it kept hounding her, nagging her with the humiliating degredation of what she
had done.  She would have liked to pretend it was awful - a painful, unpleasant
nightmare  - a brutal, unfeeling attack that she couldn't have avioded.  But
she knew that wasn't the truth at all.  She knew she'd let this man, this black
stranger drive her to do and say and feel thing she would never have dreamed
possible.  She'd never known sex like that.  She'd never experienced the
all-consuming joyous agonies of a real climax.  She'd never known her body to
leap wildly out of control, to respond of its own apparent will.
  She didn't know how she would ever face John again.  She was afraid even of
turning her head now, of having to look that man in the face, of having to see
that knowing look in his eyes, of having to feel that laughing stare.  She knew
that Cheryl was there, too, and she knew there was no ultimate choice but to
face them all.  But for now, she wanted no more than to be left alone.
  She jerked instinctively as she felt a strong man's hand suddenly grasp her
buttocks.  "Oh no, it can't be!  He doesn't want more from me!  He couldn't!"
  She turned her head to protest.  It was Raymond, the other Negro! His eyes
mirrored the lustful urge the huge man had no intentions of suppressing.  His
teeth gleamed through his wicked, mocking grin.  Grabbing both ankles, he spun
her over onto her back, shoving her legs back tight against her shoulders,
smashing her tender breasts beneath her upturned thighs.  Her ravaged cunt,
still moist and sensitive, was opened to him like a dinner plate before a
starving man.
  "No, no...please don't!  Haven't you done enough to me?  I can't stand any
more.  I can't!"


                               - 2 -

  But there was no stopping the immense black hulk now.  Without any
hesitation, he probed savagely at her upturned crotch, ramming her tender
vaginal slit with the blunt head of his lust-engorged prick.  He found the pink
puckered flanges of her pussy and slipped it in a couple of inches.  Suddenly
he pulled the swollen, bulbous head from her already sperm moistened tunnel and
lowered his aim, shoving her legs back so hard that she was nearly standing on
her head, doubled in half from the pressure of his arm against the back of her
thighs.
  A cold, frightening chill suddenly raced along her spine.  The pressure of
his hardened penis pressed against the tiny puckered mouth of her rectum,
relaying the horrible truth about what the huge black was about to do to
Eleanor's numbed brain.  It shattered into her head like a rifle blast.  "Oh,
my God, no!  NO!  NO!  PLEASE!" Her eyes were wide and white with fear.
"Cheryl!  SOMEBODY! Don't let him do it!  Don't......AAAGGGHHHHHHHHH!"
  She tried to pull away, but it was too late.  Like a pile driver, the
enormous man sank his thick swollen cock stiffly into the helpless girl's
rectum, splitting apart the tight muscular bands and ramming deep into her
asshole.  She screamed loudly, again and again.  It felt as if she was being
split in half as he drove mercilessly into the depths of her smooth, rubbery
tunnel.  She could feel his mammoth hardness burrowing far up into her
intestines, spreading the delicate pink walls of her rectum wide apart as he
plowed into her.  Through tear-flooded eyes she saw the outline of another
girl, naked as herself, and felt the girl shoving a lumpy pillow beneath her
upturned ass, forcing her anal crevice even higher toward the black man's
humping, sweat-matted pelvis.
  He looked down at her with a sneering leer on his lips, beads of perspiration
rolling down his dark cheeks.  Her face twisted horribly with each painful jab,
her teeth tightly clenched as her lips parted in a half-cry of soul-rending
anguish.  She tried to lift her arms, to fight back, anything to force this
devastating assault on her anus to stop.  Bit it was hopeless.  Her feeble
blows only glanced off the giant Negro's thick hide.  She was impaled
helplessly beneath him, and he wasn't about to pull his huge rod out of her
now. He was savoring every magic second of this wanton ravishment of this naked
young beauty.
  Eleanor tried to tighten the strong muscles of her rectum, hoping upon hope
that she could force the painful intruder from her forbidden orifice, but her
on-and-off clenching only seemed to add fuel to the raging savage lust the big
man was feeling.  As the muscular walls of her anal passage squeezed against
the impaling length of his dark cock, he slammed into her with renewed
excitement, burying himself deeper and deeper in the wretched brunettes
housewife's asshole.  The taut band of muscle around the normally tiny opening
were stretched beyound endurance to accomodate the ravaging log-like pole of
his cock, clasping like over-stretched elastic the hard, thick shaft of his
manhood, tightly massaging every long hard inch of its fantastic length.

                             - 3 -

  Her nostrils unconsciously flared at the salacious scent of their sweating
bodies grinding together in the hot, stuffy room.  Ther sweat of her own body
was running freely with the musky wetness of this man.  A whiff of pungent
sharpness caught her attention.  The smell of her own vaginal secretions was
mingling with the tangy, acid scent of the balck manaa'as wildly pistoning
cock.  This incredibly lurid scene; the overpowering numbness of the grass; the
indescribable saliciousness of being ravished like this, being used and
manhandled by a complete stranger right before the eyes of her best friend and
another man.  These all coupled together, slowly bringing on a change deep in
her body.  Almost indiscernible at first, it was nearly impossible to feel
anything exceptt the constant intense pain.  But something was happening to
her,
something was changing.
  "She's starting to dig it now, Ray boy!  Let her have it good! Really throw
it to her!" screamed Cheryl, up on the bed on her knees now.  Her eyes
glistened hypnotically just a foot from the painfully stretched nether ring of
Eleanor's ravaged anal hole.  Her eyes were wide and glazed as she puffed
another joint and watched this fantastic performance right in front of her
face.
  Eleanor felt an involuntary movement beginning that was not of her own doing.
Her hips began to arch upward toward the giant black.  The bruised, battered
walls of her rectal passage began to contract involuntarily as the sheer
perverted wickedness of what she was doing began to rattle through her drugged
mind.  Her naked torso was coming to life, rolling and squirming from side to
side, starting a slow deliberate rhythm as she slowly ground back up against
his loins, impaled painfully with the whole long shaft of his black cock rammed
up her quivering asshole.  Slowly, undetectably at first, the pain of this
brutal, viscious attack was gradually subsiding,  In its place the unfamiliar
waves of wanton pleasure began to fan out from her battered rectom, rippling up
through her belly, coming to rest in the bulging peaks fo her young tits, which
were smashed beneath her upturned legs.  Her toes curled tightly against the
bottoms of her feet, opening and closing in perfect harmony with his long, slow
thrusts that seemed to be coming out of her mouth.  His cock slipped easily in
and out of her tight, constrictive tunnel now, lubricated with the oozing
seminal flow from the enormous, throbbing head of his savage rod of steel-hard
flesh.
  "Oooohh.  Aaaawww!  Oh, God!  OH, God!"  Her hands were on his mammoth black
shoulders, her nails raking his tough flesh and leaving long wakes of red as
she dug visciouly through his skin.
  A whirling melange of thought-pictures raced the screen of her mind, jumbled
and confusing images of familiar faces in slow-motion, like a movie runnig on
the wrong speed, slowed by the stupefying powers of the marijuana she had
comsumed.  She thought of her husband John - of what it would be like to be
with him now, away from this frightening nightmare.  Oh how much she wanted him
to come and save her from this horrible degredation.

                             - 4 -

  But other thoughts, other feelings, other sensations were bouncing around in
her head, too.  She recalled the many long, empty nights with John, those
endless, agonizing nights when only a few moments of unbridled passion would
have fulfilled the gnawing pain in her loins.  Those nights, those countless
nights, when she'd cried herself to sleep, clutching her belly to keep from
screaming in anguish.  Holding her stomach to quench the insistent pain in her
loins, the recurring, all-consuming pain that John could have eliminated so
easily...but didn't.
  Suddenly, something snapped deep inside her.  The pain was gone, completely
kicked aside by the growing, savage animal passion that had stealthily slipped
from her loins and taken control of her naked body.
  "Oh, God...it's so good!  It's so good!  Oh, shit, fuck me!  Fuck my ass so
hard!"
  A long, deep moan growled from her lips, her body arched hard against his
pelvis.  His long, thick cock rammed deep inside her asshole.  She screamed
again, wordless, gasping cries as a torrent of her own juices flooded from her
ravenouly hungry pussy and drained down the narrow furrows of her buttocks,
streaming in a white, warm wave over the huge black shaft imbedded deep in her
rectum.  Spurred on by the sight of her orgasm, the Negro pumped into her anew,
spreading the buttocks-cheeks of her naked,
unprotected ass with his fingers to allow his giant prick even deeper entry to
her forbidden, tightly-clasping tunnel.  He pulled the immense shaft all the
way out, leaving just the distended, pulsing tip to keep the tiny hole open.
Then he rammed straight down, sinking deeper and deeper until his kinky-haired
pelvis smashed against her naked, upturned ass.  He could feel her
struggling to get her legs wider, to suck his gigantic cudgel deeper into her
belly, to swallow him up in the intense, raging inferno of her loins.
  Eleanor was now aware of nothing around her.  The room could have been filled
with all her friends, all her relatives, and it wouldn't have mattered now.
Suddenly she was lost in the animal raptures of pure, undiluted, savage
passion, simple and primative.  She imagined herself a helpless love-captive of
this towering African above her, his to do anything with that he desired.
Every muscle, every nerve in her trembling body was attuned to his rythmic,
plundering thrusts that seemed deeper and deeper with every powerful lunge.
She had become just an extension of his strong, black loins,  just another
instrument of the burning, savage lust now about to explode from his
sperm-swollen balls.  He reached between the fleshy cheeks of her buttocks and
the cushioning pillow, lifting her even higher, tilting her painfully upward so
that the rapid, potent thrusts were straight down into her asshole.

                             - 5 -

  She was insane with salacious desires!  She had no control at all over her
body.  It was responding on its own, humping and writhing as the Negro bored
mercilessly down into the tight, hairless tunnel of her rectum.
  And then it began to spurt!  The heated lava-like flow shooting like liquid
flames deep up into her bowels, blasting up into her belly, ripping through her
hungry, receptive body in never-ending spurts.  Over and over again the white
flow erupted from the throbbing, blood-swollen head of the huge, black shaft,
filling the cavernous hollow of her insides and draining over the
tightly-sucking muscular ring of her anus, streaming in a warm flood down both
sides of her creviced bottom.  It trickled in twin streams down her upturned
back and down oover the hungry lips of her vagina, soothing the lust-inflamed
passage with an oozing, viscous balm.
  When every precious drop had been milked from his thick, pumping penis, when
every hot spurt had been sucked down into her belly where it mingled luridly
with the sperm of the other man, he gave one last, gasping lunge, and pulled
his now soft, pliable cock from her still tightly clenching anal grip,
collapsing, exhausted, on the bed beside her.
  She knew she should feel worse than ever before in her life...  that she
should be crying pitifully from this horrible, filthy act of perversion she'd
been forced to endure.  She knew she should feel abused and humiliated, lying
prostrate at the bottom-most pit of wanton depravity, but she didn't.
  She felt nothing except the fullnes of her sperm-laden belly, the warm glow
of satisfaction that had eluded her all these years.  She couldn't help it.
She would have been lying to pretend otherwise.
  She glanced through the slits of her blood-veined eyes and caught a glimpse
of Cheryl, laughing and giggling like a teenager, pulling the other Negro down
onto her squirming, tempting nakedness.  Her tiny fingers gripped around the
hardening shaft of his black prick.  She closed her eyes and drifted
away...drifted as if in space, floating languidly through the hazy shadows of
the long night.



                    The END



                        THE REMARKABLE MASSEUSE

  Late Thursday afternoon I helped my husband get ready for a long- deserved
hunting trip.  He had been working especially hard and needed to unwind
tramping through the fields and sitting in duck blinds.  I made a big thermos
of hot coffee for him and packed a picnic basket full of sandwiches, fruit and
homemade brownies.
  Friday morning, when I awakened, it was pouring rain.  Raining harder than it
had in a long time.  I knew I was in for a long weekend.  I decided to make the
best of it.  I went to my dance class, and then over to the gymn for a morning
of strenuous workout.  On my way home, I stopped at the video store and picked
up some movies.  I rented a couple of film classics and a couple of love
stories that I could watch and cry my eyes out.  I also picked up an X-rated
film about two women making love.  This was a first for me.  With the movies
and a novel, I thought I would be able to make it through the weekend without
being too bored.
  When I arrived home, it was still raining, so I put one of the movies in the
machine.  One of the games I play with myself when I rent movies is not to look
at the labels.  Just grab a movie from the stack and pop it in the recorder.  I
settled down on the couch to see what my first pick was.  Well, it was a
doozie!  The first movie was the X-rated one about two women making love.  I
watched, intently experiencing every second of this movie.  The things these
women were doing were very interesting.  I could see why my husband had such
strong fatasies on this subject.  I was really beginning to appreciate why he
got so turned-on over the mere mention of two women making out.
  I decided since it was such a long weekend, I would explore further.  Several
weeks before I had met a girl at the gymn who said she gave massages for $20 an
hour.  I felt that was a very reasonable price and asked for her card.  When I
finished watching the movie, I searched for the masseuse's card and gave her a
call.  We set up an appointment for Saturday morning at 10.
  It rained hard all of Friday night, and it was still pouring when I awakened
on Saturday morning.  I took a long shower, washed my hair, shaved my legs
immaculately and made sure that my shaved pussy did not have one stray strand.
I set about to build a fire in the fireplace, as that is where I wanted my
massage - in the living room right next to the fireplace.  Not only was it
raining cats and dogs, it was cold as well.

                              Part 2

  Promptly at 10 am, my personal masseuse arrived with her portable table.  We
chatted while she set up her table and got everything ready.  She told me that
I could go and undress.  I went to my bedroom and took off everything.  I put
on a terrycloth robe and purposely didn't tie the sash as I knew it would be
coming off soon.
  I am a little over 40 and have kept my body in fantasic shape.  I am quite
small and rarely weigh over 113 pounds.  My husband is a fanatic for a shaved
pussy, so I keep it well shaved and glistening by rubbing it daily with baby
oil.  My masseuse told me I could get on the table now, and I removed my robe,
stretched my lean body and climbed up on the table.  Her eyes never left my
body.  While I was out of the room, she had warmed the lotions and oils she was
to use by the fireplace.  The towels were also warming.  What a wonderful
massage this was going to be!
  The masseuse began by covering me with a towel and going to the end of the
table to begin work on my feet.  Many pressure spots in your feet tell you what
is going on with the rest of your body.  When she hit a spot that was sore, I
asked what part of my body that related to.  She told me that was my
reproductive organs.  They were in need.  I have always had a very active sex
life with my husband.  We make love at least once a day.  Since he was gone, I
had to use my vibrator several times, but it just isn't the same without your
lover.  I told her that I was highly active sexually and that my darling was on
a hunting trip and wouldn't return until late Sunday.  I also said, "I guess my
reproductive organs will have to stay sore until Sunday night."  She replied
with a sly grin, "We'll see."
  My masseuse and I covered a variety of topics while she was working on my
feet and lower legs.  The video recorder was right next to the table and the
tape was in the "eject" mode so you could see what the name of the tape was.
Being a very alert lady, her eyes scanned the room.  They settled on the video
machine, and she made a comment about the movie that was in the slot.  I was
rather embarrassed and told her that I had gotten the X-rated tape as a
surprise when my husband came home.  She asked me how I felt about two women
making love, and I told her that after viewing the movie yesterday, I was
becoming more open-minded about such things, especially during the absence of
my lover.

                               Part 3

  At that point, she was working on my thighs and her fingers would come all
the way up to the top of my legs, expertly I must say, and dart back down my
legs.  I just laid back and started to enjoy this whole experience.  Her
fingers would come up my legs more rapidly and genlty pass my clit.  I was
beginning to get turned-on and I was getting slightly wet.  Oh, this was heaven
and I wanted more.  I began to moan slightly, and she took the cue and placed
her fingers expertly around my hooded pearl.  The constant motion was more than
I could stand and I had a huge orgasm right on the table.
  With her fingers popping in and out of my vagina and playing with my clit,
she began to move slowly up my belly with her other hand.  The excitement was
running through my veins.  I couldn't wait to tell my husband I had taken this
bold step.  Before I knew it, I four rocking orgasms.  This was utter bliss!
She continued to move up my body withe her other hand until she was gently
massaging my right breast.  The she carefully laid herself at the end of the
table and put both hands on my breasts.  She began to lick me furiously while
she massaged my nipples.  I was absolutely going out of my mind.
  I reached down and began to play with her erect nipples.  Her breasts were
quite large, with nipples that stuck out rock hard.  I loved playing with them.
I can't tell you how many orgasms I had at this point, because they just kept
rushing down the pike.  She slid up my body and planted a full-on kiss on my
lips.  I could taste my own pussy juices.  She began to tongue me and writhe on
top on my body.
  She then swung herself around on me in a 69 position so that I could lick her
free-flowing pussy and enjoy the same sensation she was.  I lapped away
greedily, savoring every second of this new form of lovemaking.  We were both
writhing, licking, sucking and kissing.  I licked her and she had a tremendous
orgasm.  She came so hard and furiously I thought the room would explode.
  Just then, the front door opened, and I heard my husband's voice.  He was
home a day and a half early.  I was too entrenched in my lovemaking to be able
to leap up and at the same time I remembered how much he loved to fantasize
about me with another woman.  He came into the room to find two women, without
a stitch on, sucking and kissing.  The room smelled strongly of pussy juices.
What a sight we must have been to my poor rain-drenched husband.

                              Part 4

  He muttered something about don't let me disturb you and the roads were so
rain-soaked he wasn't able to hunt, so he came on home.  He was taking off his
wet jacket and boots and I looked over at him dreamily and said, "Why don't you
join us, darling?  You can collect your birthday present."  It didn't take much
prodding, and my husband dove in.
  We were still in the 69 position with me on top.  He began to lick at my
cum-soaked pussy and fondle my masseuse's breasts.  The fire was roaring and so
were all three of us.  I rolled over on all fours and put my ass up in the air.
My masseuse straddled my back and thrust her breasts in my husband's face.  He
took his thick, long cock and thrust it into my sweet, little cunt while he
kissed away at her breasts.  He shot a load that lasted longer than any he had
shot before.  I could tell that this was his big moment and we were both in
ecstacy.
  I told my husband it was his turn now and to lay down on the table.  He did
so willingly.  The massuese began to work with expert fingers all along his
upper leg.  His cock was standing at attention once again.  I climbed up on the
table and straddled his face so that he could lick some more.  She began to
slide her mouth up and down his cock.  I wish that I could have seen my
husband's face, but
unfortunateley, I was sitting on it.  After a short time, he came again, and
again, and again.  I had really been missing something; something I was never
going to miss again.  With me still sitting on my husband's face, the masseuse
moved up and began to kiss me and play with my breasts.  We were both writhing
up against each other, our bodiws swaying in motion.  She lowered herself down
on my husband's once-again erect member.  We were rocking and rolling.
Simultaneously, we all had the biggest orgasm that I can ever remember
experiencing.
  When I got off the table and looked at my darling, he was laying there with a
big grin and pussy juices all over his face.  We both sang "Happy Birthday" to
him.  He was really glad that he was home.  Our masseuse gave us both an oil
massage and then quietly let herself out the door.   We both agreed that a
massage was a "must" in our household expenses and that we would have one at
least once a month or more.  If you could see how lightly my sweetie walks
around the house and how much he loves me, you would consider giving your man
the same kind of birthday present.


                                       The End


