From - Tue Sep 24 13:43:02 1996
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!nntp1.jpl.nasa.gov!news.alt.net!newspost1.alt.net!default
From: hm300@hotmail.com (David Roch)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.stories.incest
Subject: - farmhelp.txt [01/03]
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 96 05:59:38 GMT
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Affordable Usenet Access - http://www.alt.net
Lines: 1001
Message-ID: <522knv$akd@tofu.alt.net>
X-Newsreader: News Xpress 2.0 Beta #0
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:24134 alt.sex.stories.incest:5864 alt.stories.incest:405

                                                                                 
FARM HELP
                                                                                           
by

                                                                                     
R. Hawk



A little over two and a half months ago my brother-in-law, Frank 
Crawford got himself killed in a tractor accident on his farm 
leaving my younger sister all by herself to raise there four 
kids, plus also leaving her with one on the way, which she only 
found out after he was already dead and burried a good month.

Both Pamela, and I had grown up on a farm, and I knew exactly 
how hard of a life  it was, and I really felt bad for her and 
for the situation she was put in.  As soon as I was old enough 
to leave home I'd packed my bags and headed for the biggest city 
I could find, stating that I was tired of country life and that 
I'd never go back to it.

About ten years after I left, our parents died in an automobile 
accident of all things.  Anyway, I'm losing ground here, and I 
think I better stick to what I'm suppose to be talking about 
instead.  As I was saying I said that I'd never go back to a 
farm, but when my sister called three months after her husbands 
death.  The phone conversation went something like this.

"How are you doing Charlie?"  Only my sister ever called me 
Charlie, a childhood nick name, my full name is Charles Riley 
Larson.  Most people around the office though called me Chuck.

"I can't complain, how are you's doing?"

"Well, we're surviving, it's still a little hard on all of us, 
Frank's death I mean."

"I'm not surprised."

"Listen, Charlie, I need to ask a bigfavour of you."

"I knew this call couldn't be just to say hi, I told you at the 
funeral Pam, if you need anything just give me a call, and I 
meant it."

"You're probably not going to like what I've got to ask."

"Probably not, but ask anyway."

"Well, I know you said that you'd never go back to a farm 
Charlie, and you're probably busy and all with work, but do you 
think it could at all be possible for you to come and help here, 
just for a little while anyway.  I've been trying to manage the 
farm on my own here, and even with the kids help, I'm afraid I'm 
not fairing so well, especially between bouts of morning 
sickness, and quick changes in mood.

"I know I'm asking a lot Charlie, but do you think it's at all 
possible that you could give us a hand, just for a little 
while."

"Define a little while?"

"Well...."

"Come on Pam, how long?"

"Maybe...six months, just until I've had this baby Charlie, once 
I've had her I should be able to get back to work normally, and 
take over running the place."

"Six months."

"I know it's a lot to ask Charlie."

"A lot is putting it mildly don't you think.  Why don't you just 
sell the place?"

"I can't Charlie, this is the only place the kids have known, 
and I don't want to take that away from them, it's one of the 
few things that they've had that's secure, and stable."

"Why don't you just hire someone to take over running the place 
for a little while?"

"I would Charlie, but, well, the kids need a male influence 
around the house, and I don't think I could trust them to a 
stranger.  Especially the girls.  Charlie, I trust you more than 
I do anyone else in this world, I really need you Charlie, 
please."

"Can you let me think about it for a little while?"

"Sure Charlie, sure, just don't take too long, huh?"

"Ok Pam, I won't I promise."

"Charlie?"

"Yes?"

"...Are you still single?  I mean is there a woman in your life 
right now big brother?"

"No, not right now," I replied kind of curious about the 
question.

"All right, don't take too long, ok?"

"I said I wouldn't Pam."

"All right then, I'll talk to you later."

"You bet," I said softly before lowering the phone back down 
into it's cradle, then before it settled into the hook, I swear 
I heard Pam's voice say something else, but unfortunately it was 
half cut off and I couldn't quite make it out.

The next day I phoned Pam back.  I was sorry I had to do it, but 
I told her I just couldn't take any time off right now.  She 
said she understood but.....  "Charlie, could you at least take 
a couple of days off to come for Caroline's twelfth birthday.  
It's in a month, it's really an important one to her and as I 
told you before you're the only one that I trust."

"I think I can make that," I said smiling, so little Caroline 
wasn't so little anymore, twelve, that must make the other two 
girls Shawna and Helen, 15 and 16.  And that would make little 
Johnny, 6, no 7.  Boy they were growing up quickly.  "I'll be 
there for it Pam, guaranteed."

"She'll be so happy, thank you Charlie."

"I really am sorry about the other Pam."

"Don't worry about it Charlie, it was selfish of me to think 
that you could just take time off when ever you wanted."

"No, it wasn't.  There's no need for you to apologize Pam, I 
just wish I could."

"Don't worry about it Charlie, we'll survive," she said sounding 
disapointed, and a out of energy.  Nothing like her usual spunky 
self.

"All right, I'll talk to you later ok Pam?"

"Sure, sure Charlie," she said softly before I heard the click 
of the disconnection.  The next day however being Monday, I was 
back at work, and the gods were conspiring against me.

"Damn it Larson, that's another account you've lost this week!"

"It's not my fault Tom."

"I know, I know, maybe what you need to do is take a vacation.  
Recharge the old batteries."

"Tom, I can't I've got to much going on right now, my work load 
is so full right now."

"So, it can be spread out.  You haven't taken a vacation in six 
years Chuck."

"I have so," I argued.

"Those little weekends don't count.  You need some real time to 
just relax, and get away from thinking about all of this.   
Besides can't you think of one place that you could be rather 
than here."

"Well, my sister did want me to go visit her."

"That's it, go see her then.  She's got some kids too doesn't 
she?"

"Yes, four, soon to be five."

"She lives out on a farm too doesn't she?"

"Yeah."

"Then go visit her, get some fresh country air, and when you 
come back you'll be all ready to tackle anything that comes at 
you."

"All right, I suppose I could.  Would it be possible to arrange 
for six months?"

"Six months?  Well...I suppose you do deserve it, we work you 
like a dog don't we.  I'll arrange the details then, and we'll 
see if we can't get you all of your back vacation time, and if 
that isn't enough we'll see if we can't give you an extended 
leave of absence.  Just make sure you're ready to go back to 
work when you get back."

"No problem.  I should give her a call, incase she starts 
planning for something else."

"Go on then, and give her the good news, I'll come back down a 
little later and we'll go for lunch and I'll tell you what I've 
got worked out."

"Thanks Tom."

"No problem, your worth the effort Chuck," Tom said with a smile 
before getting off the corner of my desk and heading out of my 
office.  I turned and faced the phone and dialled Pam's number.

"Hello?"

"Shawna?"

"No, I'm Caroline.  Just a minute and I'll get her."

"No, no Caroline, I don't want to talk to Shawna, can I talk to 
your mother?"

"Can I tell her who's calling."

"Tell her it's Uncle Charlie."

"Uncle Charlie!" the young girl cried excitedly.  "Oh, I can't 
wait till my birthday.  I can't wait to see you!"

"Well, things have changed a little bit since I last talked to 
your Mom honey."

"You're not coming," she said sounding depressed.

"No, I'm coming, can I talk to your moth...."

"Hello Charlie?" I could tell it was Pam's unique voice, 
sounding a little grumpy.

"Pam.  Hi."

"You've changed your mind and you're not coming?  Caroline looks 
so sad."

"No, I am coming Pam.  It's just that my plans have changed a 
little bit."

"Oh, how?"

"Well, I changed my mind, I'll be there as soon as I can get 
everything arranged."

"Your coming now?"

"Well, in a few days."

"How long are you going to stay?"

"Well, I'm working on getting the whole six months."

"Really?" she said suddenly as excited as Caroline sounded.  
"You're not pulling my leg are you?"

"No, I'm really coming."

"That's wonderful Charlie, I can't wait to see you again."

"Me either Sis," I said smiling at the new happiness in her 
voice.

"Then I guess I can cancel looking for a new man, right?"

"You bet."

"Great.  The girls will be pleased as punch.  They've missed 
there father something fierce, and I'm afraid I'm starting to 
feel the same.  It'll be nice having you around Charlie.  Maybe 
we can make up on lost time."

"Lost time?"

"Charlie, I've got to go, Johnny's just getting into the 
cupboard!"

"All right, I'll see you later Pam."

"Oh Charlie, I love you."

"I love you too Sis," I replied softly before hanging up the 
phone.  The rest of the day just seemed to breeze by.  Tom had 
it worked out that I only had to put three more days in, so that 
I had a whole day to pack and so that I could be at Pam's by 
Saturday.

The next few days went by just as fast, then on Saturday morning 
at four in the morning I found myself boarding a plane.  Two 
hours later the plane touched down.  I rented a car, not 
bothering to phone ahead, pretty sure that I could find the 
place all on my own.

Two and a half lost hours later I finally pulled into the right 
drive way, the gravel drive way crunching as I slowly drove up 
to the main house.  It was obvious that no one expected me, and 
for that I was grateful, I don't think I could have survived the 
great big welcoming, what I really needed was a good hot mug of 
coffee.

Just as I was getting out of the car Helen came around the 
corner of the house.  "Can I help..." she started just as I 
turned around "Uncle Charlie," she screamed and dropped the pail 
she was carrying its contents spilling out onto the ground while 
she ran towards me leaping up into my arms while her 
surprisingly large breasts pushed hard into my chest as she 
pressed her lips against mine and gave me a kiss.  A 
surprisingly warm kiss, one that started my cock swelling.

"Hello, Helen," I said softly setting her down so that I could 
get her sixteen year old body off of mine so she wouldn't notice 
the hard on I was starting to get.

"Helen, what's going on out her..." Pam said coming out through 
the screen door.  "Charlie!"  Her actions followed pretty close 
to her daughters, only Pam's breasts only went to prove that 
Helen wasn't fully developed yet.  The thing that was getting 
more and more difficult to hide was the fact that all this 
contact was producing a raging hard on.  "Why didn't you call?"

"I thought I'd surprise you."

"Well you succeded, I must look a mess!" she exclaimed before 
she called into the house "Caroline, Shawna,  Johnny come see 
who's here!"

Shawna made it to the door first and attacked me the same way 
that her sister had, jumping up so that I had to grab her 
quickly, my improvisation ended up that I was holding her up by 
her firm buttocks.  Her kiss lasted as long, but in addition, I 
was shocked as hell when I felt her tongue slide over my lips.  
So much so that I almost dropped her on the spot, but the way 
that she was hanging on me prevented any way that she would have 
dropped away from me.

For a second just before she got down she seemed to grind her 
crotch into mine, making my cock twitch all the more.  I'd never 
had such a hard-on in years.  When she finally stepped away, 
smiling at me, I glanced at Pam, who seemed intent on watching 
the backdoor for her other two kids.

"Caroline, Johnny, where are you two!"

"I think I saw them upstairs Mom," Shawna said softly.

"Well, would you mind going and telling them we have a visitor?"

"Sure Mom," she said quickly before running towards the house 
giving me a clear view of the firm muscles that I had been 
holding her by.  Which were tight inside of her jeans.  I 
couldn't believe I was looking at my sister's daughter's ass!

"You must have really been up with the birds this morning to get 
here at this time in the morning.  Did you have breakfast?"

"Well, I had something on the plane, I don't know if it was 
breakfast, it didn't move so I didn't question it.  But I could 
use a cup of coffee, if it's not too much trouble."

"It's no trouble at all, in fact I just made a fresh pot just a 
few minutes ago.  Helen, where's the milk I asked you to get," 
Pam said looking at her.

"I-uh...uh-I-I dropped it.  I'm sorry Mom, it's just that when I 
saw Uncle Charlie, I just kind of forgot all about everything 
else."

"Well, go see if you can get another pail then."

"Yes Mom," Helen groaned before going back to where she dropped 
the pail and picking it up.  Then taking anothe quick look back 
at me, she let out a grin and then disappeared again around the 
side of the house.

"Come on Charlie," Pam said taking my hand and tugging on it.

"But my bags."

"You can get them later, there not going anywhere."

"I should lock the car first."

"Charlie, you're back in the country again, you don't need to.  
There's no one around that's going to steal."

"You're right."

"Come on and we'll get you a cup of coffee," she said smiling 
leading me into the kitchen and guiding me right into one of the 
kitchen chairs.  At first it didn't register, but when it did I 
noticed that she'd sat me in Frank's old chair, at the head of 
the table.  "Here you go."

"Thanks," I said taking the cup from her.  "So how are you 
doing?"

"Better, now that you're here," she said smiling softly.  "I 
still can't get over the fact that you're actually here."

"Well, believe it," I said after taking a good sip from the cup 
of coffee, trying to keep the sour look from my face I set the 
cup on the table.

"I guess I should have warned you," she said with a little 
laugh.  "It's decafe."

"Why?"

"This little one," she said rubbing her stomach.  "I know, I 
miss that warm cup of real coffee in the morning too.  It's what 
I always needed to really get started.  I suppose I could try 
and find some of the old beans and make you up a cup of the good 
stuff."

"No, don't go to the trouble Pam."

"Well, we can get some regular next time we go into town," Pam 
said just as something rambled into the kitchen and grabbing at 
my pants.

"Hey there sport," I said picking up Johnny.  "Boy, you get 
bigger and bigger every time I see you."

"Hello, Uncle Charlie!"

"Have you been being a good boy for your mother?"

"Yep!  I even cleaned my room, all by myself!"

"I'll just bet you did," I said grinning at Pam, knowing by her 
sad little grin that Johnny had probably spread more stuff 
around than he put away.

"Is Uncle Charlie really here," Caroline asked at the entrance 
to the kitchen, then spotting me quickly came around.  When she 
found Johnny in my lap she pursed her lips as if she was 
disapointed then wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a 
squeeze before pressing her lips to mine in a warm kiss.  When 
she let up, I glanced towards Pam warily and found her smiling 
at me.

"Caroline, give him a chance to relax, he just got here.  Are 
you sure you wouldn't like something to eat Charlie?"

"Well, if it wouldn't be much trouble maybe some toast, and some 
of that wonderful stuff you call jelly."

"You got it," she said smiling.  "Caroline, why don't you and 
Johnny go outside and maybe you can give him a swing on the tire 
swing.

"Awww Mom, I want to stay and visit with Uncle Charlie!"

"You've got six months, you can give the man a few minutes to 
relax, or you might scare him away."  Her mother's joke 
seriously had her seeming a little bit frightened.  She looked 
at me like she was afraid that I was just going to disappear in 
a puff of smoke.

"I'm not going anywhere honey, I promise, we'll visit later," I 
told her and as if she wasn't sure I was telling the truth she 
slowly took Johnny from me and proceeded outside.

"Don't the kids get breakfast?"

"We all ate an hour ago.  You're the one that's late for 
breakfast."

"Well, I got lost, so sue me.  Besides, at this time I'm barely 
out the door for work.  Hell a half hour ago, I would have been 
normally just rolling out of bed."

"Then I'm afraid you're going to have to adjust to getting up a 
lot earlier then.  We're up with the sun here."

"I noticed."

"Mom, here's the milk, it's only a half pail though.  I'm 
sorry."

"It's all right honey, don't worry about it.  You were excited, 
you had a right to be.  Will you go feed the pigs now."

"All right," she groaned heading back out towards the door.  
"Oh, and Mom, the Marlands are coming up the drive."

"Oh lord, what do they want at this time of day.  They're our 
neighbours," Pam explained.  "They've been trying to push there 
way in here ever since Frank died.  They even offered to buy the 
place."

"Well there's nothing wrong with being generous."

"Hardly, Travis Marland offered me half of what the farm was 
worth, hoping that he could take advaantage so that before I 
came to my senses he would have the farm.  But I told him I 
didn't want to sell anyway."

"That doesn't seem very fair play."

"Well, the Marlands hardly ever play fair."

"Knock, knock," a womans voice said with the raps on the wood 
outside of the screen door.  "Anyone home?"

"In the kitchen Mavis," Pam said quickly, while making a face at 
me, one that told me that she didn't like this Mavis very well 
either.

"Hello, hello," Mavis said breezing into the kitchen.  But it 
would have taken more like a good hurricane to move her, the 
woman had to weigh in the least four hundred pounds.  "Oh you 
have company!  How nice."  The woman paused for a second like 
she was waiting for something to happen.  "Pamela, are you going 
to introduce us."

"I'm Charles Larson, Pamela's brother."

"What Charles means to say, is that he's like a brother to me," 
she said quickly, while I glanced at her.  "Charles and I grew 
up together, we're from the same town.  We practically lived in 
the same house.  He's just a very-very close friend of the 
family."  I didn't know what Pam's angle was but I wasn't sur e 
I cared for it.  "He's come to stay and help out around the farm 
until the baby is born."

"Are you going to stick around afterwards Mr. Larson?"

"He's not sure yet," Pam said quickly before I could say 
anything.

"Well, if you want a night out with a pretty girl some time, 
just...."

"Actually, Mavis, Charles and I...I mean, well you know, we're 
close friends, from way back."

"Oh," Mavis said softly as if she stumbled upon the answer to 
some great mystery.  "Oh, of course dear, close friends," she 
added with a wink.

"Did you want something Mavis?"

"Oh, well, now that Mr. Larson is here, it's seemed to have 
slipped my mind what I was coming about.  I better get going so 
Travis doesn't worry too much.  I'll stop by again some time 
soon."

"Would you mind telling me what that was about?" I demanded 
after Mavis had left the building.

"Shhhh!" Pam said peeking out the window.  "That woman has the 
ears of a hawk!  Wait till she's gone."  I waited and watched 
Pam standing at the kitchen sink stretching a little to look out 
the window, and the way that her breasts were pushing out 
against her blouse it was reminding me when she met me first 
thing that morning.

"Now would you mind tell me why you did that?"

"What?"

"Well the way you made it sound was that we were lovers of some 
sort."

"Did it really sound that way?"

"Yes.  Now would you...."

"Good.  Let's keep it that way huh.  That family has to be the 
worst thing about living around here.  After Travis couldn't buy 
the land out from under me, now that I'm a widow, Mavis has been 
trying to set me up on blind dates with her brother, or cousin's 
or nephews, I swear there family tree must go off into heaven 
there's so many of them.  Besides, the better they believe that 
we are lovers, the less chance you have of being fixed up with 
one of her "pretty girls."  And you couldn't imagine most of her 
pretty girls in your worst nightmares."

"But won't she get suspicious when she realizes your maiden name 
and my name ar e the same?"

"She doesn't know my maiden name, no one does, and as far as 
they ar all concerned I am and always have been Mrs. Crawford."

"Is she gone," Shawna said peeking into the kitchen.

"Yes."

"Which sicko did she want to set you up with this time?"

"She didn't say, not after we let her believe that Charlie and I 
were old lovers, with the strong possiblility of starting up 
again."

"Great, maybe she'll stay away."

"I doubt it," Pam groaned.  "But you've got to try and pretend 
that Charlie and I are starting some sort of love affair, ok?"

"That shouldn't be too hard," Shawna said with a wink at us.  
"I'm going to go out and feed the chickens."

"All right, this time don't forget to pick up the eggs too while 
you're there, after Charlie's finished eating here I'm going to 
show him to his room and help him get settled in.  You kids work 
on getting all your chores done, and maybe the six of us can go 
on a picnic this afternoon.  That is if Charlie's up to it?"

"I'll be ready," I said grinning at her.  "Nothing can keep me 
away from a good picnic."

"All right good, then eat up and let's get on with the rest of 
the day," Pam added pushing a plate of toast and jam infront of 
me.  "While you do that I'm going to go freshen up a little, 
it's not often we have men around here for the day," she said 
giving me a big flirtatous wink.  One that was so overdone it 
was funny.  Then in the same over done style she sashaed her 
hips while she left the room.

I gobbled down the toast as quickly as I could and even forced 
myself to swallow the "coffee" down.  Just as I was putting the 
dishes into the sink Pam reappeared at the entrance to the room, 
wearing a pretty sun dress and smelling of perfume, and even had 
a small amount of makeup on her face.

"So how do I look?"

"Gorgeous," I said softly as she took a quick spin.

"It's been awhile since anyone ever told me that, I certainly 
don't feel all like it considering the baby and all."

"I think it gives you just an extra sort of glow, it looks good 
on you."

"You think so."

"Yes."

"What do you want first to see your room or get your bags?"

"I'll grab my bags, and you can lead me there, then I'll get the 
rest out afterwards."

"All right," she said leaving the kitchen again and going 
outside waiting for me beside the car.  I wasn't too far behind 
her and pulled out a couple of the bigger suitcases.  She picked 
up one of the smaller ones despite my protests and led me back 
into the house.  I was doing something I knew I shouldn't have 
been too.  I was watching her figure swaying under the sundress 
she was wearing, and I was having lots of un-brotherly thoughts.

It was hard to believe that the sexy woman infront of me was the 
same one that teased me, and I teased her in return.  It was 
hard to fathom.

"This is your room," she said pushing open the door.

"I can't take this room, this is yours," I said looking into the 
masterbedroom.

"Sure you can, you're the man of the house now Charlie, at least 
for as long as your here, and that's the bed you get to sleep 
in."

"But Pam, I can't take you're bed."

"It's all right Charlie, I want you to have it.  I expect that 
I'll be back in it before I even knew I was out of it," she said 
softly.  "Go on in Charlie," she said motioning me forward with 
the bag of luggage she was carrying.

"Are you really sure about this Pam?"

"I'm positive Charlie, now hurry up and get in there so I can 
set this suitcase down, it's starting to get heavy."

"Here let me have it," I said setting down one of the ones I was 
carrying and reaching for hers, brushing my hand over hers to 
get at the handle.  It was weird how touching her hand seemed to 
have dropped a cone of silence around the whole room.  I 
couldn't believe how stupid I felt just standing there staring 
into her blue eyes.

"We-we don't need you straining yourself or something," I 
muttered taking the suitcase away from her a few seconds later.

"I'm not a weakling yet Charles," she said sternly, "you can use 
these two closets here and that dresser over there.  There both 
empty."

"Thanks, but are you sure you really want to do this, I 
mean...."

"Charlie, your the man of the house and it's your room."

"Well, if you're sure Pam."

"I am Charlie.  Now I don't think you should take too long to 
get the rest of your stuff inside and put away.  I don't think 
the kids will give you much grace time when they all know about 
the picnic this afternoon.  This afternoon probably meaning to 
them that as soon as your done.  While you're doing that I'll go 
make up the picnic basket.  Just shout if you need anything 
else."

The picnic was pretty good, and it kind of felt surprisingly 
good to me to have what would look to anyone else, just a family 
having a family outing, father, mother and kids.  I think I 
always considered kids to be a major disadvantage of any serious 
relationship, because sooner or later, the kids issue would come 
up.  And I never really liked kids all that much, but being 
around Pam's kids, I wasn't so sure about all my firm beliefs, I 
mean the kids were great, and it was nice having them around.

I never would have pictured myself the family man, but for all 
intense purposes, we did seem like a family, and I really didn't 
mind it at all.  I mean, despite the fact that Pam was my sister 
and pregnant, she was still drop dead gorgeous, and her kids 
liked me, and I loved them.  If I had of been someone that 
didn't know any of us and I had wandered upon the seen that we 
must have made, I would have probably thought, there's a family.

The picnic turned from just being an afternoon event into a full 
day event, and when we got back to the house, everyone was 
exhausted.  Especially Johnny, who I had to carry most of the 
way back.  "You put him to bed, and I'll put on a cup of coffee 
for us.  And I'll meet you outside on the porch," Pam said when 
we got inside of the house while Helen and Shawna went on up to 
there own room on their own accord.

I put Johnny to bed, and then quickly retreated back down the 
stairs and slipped outside into the darkness of the night.  
Sitting on the porch swing it was amazing how any farm anywhere 
looked the same as any other.  I could swear I almost could hear 
my own mother working in the house at something or other, like 
most of the time she had been when I was a kid.

"It's a beautiful night," I commented when Pam came out of the 
house holding two steaming mugs.

"Yes it is, here," she said softly handing me one of the mugs 
before sitting down beside me.  "So how was your first day?"

"I wouldn't exactly call it the first day, I haven't done 
anything yet."

"I know, I think we all kind of slacked off today, but you know 
what that means."

"Slack off one day...."

"Do three times the work the next," we both said together 
repeating one of our Dads most famous sayings.

"He was right you know," I said softly taking a sip of coffee.

"About what?"

"You can put the country in, but once it's in, it doesn't come 
out again.  I didn't realize it till today, but he was right."

"He was right about a lot of things, but I think we were just to 
sure of ourselves to believe a word anyone over twenty said."

"I guess, but you know if we had of paid a little more attention 
to him, maybe...."

"No, he tried to help Charlie, but he also knew that we had to 
make our own mistakes if we were expected to survive."

"Well, I sure have made some doozies."

"You're not the only one Charlie, I've had my share too.  But I 
don't have any regrets about what I've done, and I don't think I 
would change anything."

"Nothing?"

"No, despite loosing Frank, I've still had a pretty good life.  
I've got all that I need, I've got a roof over my head, kids 
that I adore, and a big brother that I love a lot," she said her 
voice becoming softer as she finished her sentence off while 
sort of leaning into me.  "I'm really glad you're here Charlie, 
we've all missed having a man around."

"I'm glad I'm here too," I said softly rubbing my chin over the 
top of her head.  "Do you think you could tell me a little more 
about the Marlands?"

"Why do you want to know about them for?"

"I don't know, it sounds like that there the ones that I should 
watch out for."

"When there around keep both eyes open.  And if you're sleeping 
near one of them, I suggest you sleep with one eye open."

"Why the hostility?"

"Frank and I bought this property from Travis Uncle, he was 
nothing like the rest of the family, and he sold specifically to 
us just to spite the rest of his family.  Old Bob Marland was 
nothing like the rest of his family, he was one of the really 
good ones.

"Anyway, as I was saying Bob, sold the property to us, just so 
that he could keep it out of the rest of his family's hands, 
because he saw that they were getting too big for their own 
britches.  And I tend to agree with that oppinion, they seem to 
believe that they own the county, and that everyone should fall 
in line and do what ever they say.  Well, since Bob sold us the 
land the rest of them have been harping on us ever since.

"About two days after we bought the land, Travis came to the 
city where we were staying and he offered us far more than the 
land was worth.  There were two reasons we didn't accept, one 
Frank and I were just looking for some place to settle down and 
raise some kids, and secondly by all of what Bob had told us, 
selling to Travis just seemed like turning the few decent honest 
people in the county over to the Marlands, because we're the 
only property adjacent to his that he doesn't own.  So we told 
him we were flattered for the offer but we weren't selling.

"I think that just sort of ticked him off all the more.  And 
almost every year at some point he's offered to take the land 
off our hands.  Then when Frank died, they gave me two days to 
grieve before Travis offered to take the place off of my hands.  
I was shocked at how cold bloodied he could be, Frank's body was 
barely even cold....

"Well, I told him to take off, but not so nicely.  But I made it 
clear to him that I was in no way interested in selling to him 
at all.  Last month Mavis tried to fix me up with there cousin 
or something or other.  I think what they were expecting was for 
him to marry me so they could get at the land or something."

"Would they actually sink that far?  I mean that's a pretty low 
thing to do, marrying for the land."

"I wouldn't put it past them, besides it seemed that Martin had 
some sort of crush on me or something.  But I think the main 
reason behind him wanting to go out with me was because of his 
family behind it.  I managed to slip out of it at the last 
minute, but I didn't like the idea of being a trophy, and being 
married simply to get at my land."

"Well, I don't blame you Pam.  That's a pretty crummy thing to 
do if you ask me, I don't think any land would be worth that 
much."

"What, are you saing, as a man, that you wouldn't want to be 
married to me?"

"That's not what I said, any man would be out of his mind if he 
said no to having you for the rest of his life.  I just meant 
that it was pretty crummy of them to try and get at your land 
through you."

:"Well, as long as you meant it that way," she said giving me a 
small grin while nudging me.

"Tomorrow I'll get Helen to show you around so that you can find 
everything, then Monday you can get a real day's worth of work 
done.  I really hate to put you to work without letting you 
enjoy any of your time off."

"I'm enjoying myself right now," I replied smiling.  "Honest, I 
don't mind, the change of pace will be good for me.  It's been 
awhile since I've had to deal with chores."

"Don't worry I promise it'll be just like riding a bike.  
They're something you can never forget how to do," she replied 
with a laugh.

The next day Helen and I spent the morning on horse back, while 
she took me around the entire borders of the farms twenty acres.  
I didn't mind being back on a horse, in fact it was sort of 
comforting, but it was far from comfortable.  The day had turned 
out to be a hot one, and as a result Helen took that into 
account when she dressed.  She was in a very tight tank top and 
extremely short shorts that crept up into the crevace of her ass 
when ever she bounced a little atop of the horse.

And since she went infront of me all the way, I was stuck riding 
on top of a horse with nothing between my body and the saddle 
more than a pair of jeans and a raging hard-on.  "We can stop 
and have lunch by the stream up ahead," Helen said as we 
approached the planned lunch stop.  Before we'd left Pam had 
given us some sandwhiches and a thermos of coffee.

We sat and talked quietly about what I thought about what I'd 
seen so far, and Helen talked about her favourite places around 
the farm, while we ate.  And I swear I tried as hard as I could 
but I couldn't help my eyes from drifting to Helen's bare flesh, 
especially the swelling mounds of her breasts.

We talked some more after lunch was all packed away just 
relaxing and keeping things easy going between the two of us.  I 
was kind of surprised at how mature Helen seemed, I could never 
remember myself being interested in the world the way Helen was.  
But she loved to talk about what she thought were the great 
crimes of the government, and what she thought of the poor and 
homeless.

She was an amazingly bright girl, I had to admit she was some 
young woman.  She'd make some man really happy.  "It's getting 
hotter!" she said trying to fan herself with her hand.  "What do 
you say we go for a swim Uncle Charlie."

"I never brought a swim suit," I replied solemnly.

"So, there's no one around," she said standing up, slipped off 
her shoes and then shocked me by stripping off her tank top and 
revealing her young gorgeous tits to me.  "We can go skinny 
dipping."  I watched frozen as she unbuttoned her jean shorts 
and pushed them down, leaving her in all the glory of the day 
she was born.  Including the lack of pubic hair around her 
crotch.  "Is this your first time Uncle Charlie?" she asked 
looking at me as if I was from another planet.

"Of course not," I said standing up and following her lead 
stripping off my top.  "I've done it lots of times."

"Good," she replied smiling before turning and heading for the 
water, leaving me a wonderful view of her backside in all it's 
splendor.  She was a gorgeous young woman, and I couldn't help 
thinking about what it would be like to have her legs wrapped 
around me as we....  Then I came to my senses thinking that this 
was my sisters daughter!

I just had one problem, I realized as I headed for the waters 
edge still wearing my pants, how to take them off and still hide 
my aroused cock.  "Well are you coming," she asked treading 
water, not taking her eyes off of me.

"Yes," I replied quickly turning so my back was to her and 
stripping out of my pants.

"Are you shy Uncle Charlie," Helen asked, with I swear, a sort 
of smile in her voice.

"Of course not," I said turning and doing a sorry excuse of a 
belly flop into the water as quickly as I could.  When I 
surfaced Helen was laughing, in response I splashed her.  She 
splashed back, and then the next half hour was spent horsing 
around in the stream.

"We better get going, or your mother will wonder where we got 
to."

"No she won't, besides we've still got a long way to go."

"Well, despite how fun this has been we better get a move on.  
Remember a journey of a thousand steps starts with one."

"I know, I know, and we've still got another seven hundred to 
go, but can't we stick around for another half an hour and just 
sun bath.  You could certainly use the sun, you and your lilly 
white ass."

"Hey!" I said looking back over my shoulder as I started heading 
out of the stream.

"What, you're almost as white as a ghost!"

"But we don't have any sunscreen."

"I do, it's in my saddle bag," she said getting out of the 
stream, "I'll get it for you."

"Thanks," I said quickly laying myself on my stomach over the 
blanket that we had spread out to use for lunch.  I watched 
Helen as she looked through her saddle bag with little care of 
her undresss.  Well, the last thing she could be falted for was 
being shy.  I was starting to get the feeling that I might have 
signed on for six months of having a solid erection.

"Here, you spread it on me first," she said throwing the bottle 
down close to my face before she spread out beside me.  "Then 
I'll rub it in for you."

"But...."

"Well you can't expect me to rub it properly into my ass can 
you, how can I do that?  And I doubt you could do any better," 
she said very sounding very mature, and I had to admit very 
logical too.

"All right," I replied softly picking up the bottle and moving 
over to where Helen was laying.  I squirted some of the 
sunscreen onto my hands and started rubbing at her neck while 
she held her hair off to the side.  Then I moved down her back, 
and over her sides grazing the sides of her breasts.  Then I 
moved on down to her ass,  it was a beautiful ass, soft and firm 
