Downloaded From: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321 1200/2400

The Farmer's Step-daughter

Part One

Her full name was Melinda Kay Burch, but they all called her
Mink. Her step-father had begun calling her that when she had
been caught trying to shoplift a mink coat from a store in a
nearby city. Mink had been caught on several occasions trying to
pull similar stunts and had been in and out of reform schools
since the age of eleven. Mink's mother did everything she knew to
do for her, but there was a wild streak in her that it seemed
impossible to tame.

Her natural father had been of no help at all, and most everyone
attributed Mink's proclivities to his influence on her. Mink's
mother had left her father when Mink was fifteen years old on the
advice of the social services department who believed him
responsible for most of Mink's problems. Not quite three months
after their divorce was final she had met Jim and they had
married shortly thereafter.

Jim and Anne had gotten along well from the start. Anne had a
tendency to be rather weak and indecisive where Mink was
concerned and needed a strong man as a mate. Jim was just that, a
tall, slim but muscular man of simple ways and tastes who had
grown up on his father's farm and had taken it over upon his
death. It had been a dairy farm at one time, but now the milking
barn was used mainly for the storage of hay for the beef cattle
and horses that Jim raised and sold at the market.

Anne had enjoyed learning the farm life and was quite a bit of
help to Jim, always eager to please him in all ways and
captivated by his dominant charm and inner strength. Even Mink
had seemed to adapt well to the new environment and seemed to
respect and admire her new step-father, who was obviously fond of
her. Anne had expressed to Jim her desire for him to be the
father figure that Mink had so long been without, and Jim had
accepted that task gladly and seemed to be doing a wonderful job.

It was partly because of the closeness that Jim and Mink seemed
to be developing and also because of Anne's frustration with her,
that after the attempted shoplifting of the fur coat, Anne had
pleaded with Jim to do whatever he could to straighten out the
young thief.

"I'm completely at a loss, Jim", Anne sighed. "She's never
listened to me or to anyone else, and if she gets caught trying
anything like this again she'll get much more than a three month
sentence, they've already said as much! Every time she comes back
from those reform schools she seems wilder than ever... I just
don't know what to do with her!"

"She needs discipline, Anne... she's never really had it from
anyone. I don't mean to be critical of you, you're just too sweet
and soft, and can't stand to see her unhappy about anything. I'm
not sure you can stand to see her get the discipline she really
needs."

"I know... I'm not sure I can either. But I trust you, Jim. I
trust you, and I know that Mink cares enough for you that she
will respond to you and the discipline you can give her. Please
do what you can... whatever it takes... Please?"

"If thats what you want, Anne, but I must tell you that I will
have to do it MY way. Mink needs more than simple discipline...
she needs something to keep her too busy for shoplifting, and
something to fill the emptiness that she feels inside. I can
provide what she needs, but it will be an unusual approach... one
that you must accept and trust me with entirely."

"Anything, Jim. Whatever it takes, please do it. If there are
parts of it you don't feel I can handle, then keep them from me,
but do whatever you can, however you can do it. I promise that if
Mink comes to me that I will explain to her that you have my
complete support in everything you are doing, no matter what it
is."

After this discussion, Mink's relationship with her stepfather
began to change. It was a gradual change, one carefully planned
and guided by Jim, and so natural that Mink was completely
unaware that there was anything planned about it. She only knew
that she was growing closer and closer to him both emotionally
and physically. She was becoming more and more aware of inner
strengths and qualities in her step-father that were drawing her
to him more closely with each passing day. If at one point she
had resented his advice and instruction, she now began desiring
it, coming to him often to discuss things that were bothering
her, accepting correction from him without animosity, honestly
interested and concerned about what he thought.

There were times now when their eyes met and Mink could feel
something very deep inside her being touched gently, yet firmly.
It was a strange emotion for Mink, a crazy mixture that she
couldn't really understand, but which seemed to be made up of
love, fear, passion and trust. There was a sensuousness
developing between them that was different from anything she had
experienced with the boys she had known, and yet there had been
no real physical contact between the two of them. Jim often
hugged her, of course, and when she offered her lips to him he
would kiss her there softly... but he never prolonged the kiss
nor allowed his hands to roam over her young body.

Jim's reluctance to try her limits was something which had
surprised Mink from the start. She knew he must surely find her
attractive... all the men did... and she often caught him
watching her at times when her legs or breasts were a bit more
exposed than they might usually be. Mink had heard tales about
stepfathers from the girls in the reform school, and fully
expected Jim to try to take advantage of her young charms. He
never had, inspite of the fact that Mink had purposely teased him
with her young body from time to time.

As she grew closer to Jim, Mink began wanting him sexually as she
had never wanted any man. The desire burned so hotly inside her
that she wondered if her mother was aware of it, or if Jim could
see it when he looked at her. A day never passed now that Mink
didn't lay in her bed in her room, rubbing her hard little
clitoris and fantasizing about her handsome step-father taking
her naked body in his arms and filling her with his manhood.

It wasn't as if there were no other men in Mink's life. There
were a couple of the local guys that Mink dated from time to
time. They were as different as two men could be, Matt the virile
athletic type, resplendent in is black leather biker's outfit,
and Chuck (or Charles, as his mother called him... God, how Mink
hated that), who was the upper-class type... college-bound, his
success assured by his family's connections. Matt's parents could
care less who he dated, or what he did, as long as they weren't
bothered any more than absolutely necessary. Chuck's parents were
embarrassed by his interest in Mink and did all they could do to
try to persuade him to turn his romantic attentions elsewhere.

Mink was having sex with both of them whenever it was convenient...
more often with Matt simply because he would take her
wherever he could, while Chuck seemed to prefer more secluded and
romantic surroundings, which weren't always easily available to
them. Mink's mother had made sure that she was taking the pill,
but until recently, Jim had made no mention of her activities
with the two boys.

When he finally brought it up, Mink was a bit surprised by what
she heard.

"Mink, I know that you are sexually active with your young
friends. I also know that you are on the pill, which is good, but
from now on you will come to me after your dates and let me check
you over to make sure that you are protected as much as possible.
Your mother and I are proud of your development into a young
woman and merely want to make sure that you develop in the proper
way."

"You want to `check me over'?", Mink asked, a bit confused.

"Yes, I'll wait up for you, to make sure that you are returned
home safely. Then you will come to me and remove your clothing
and I will examine you to be sure there has been no damage done
to you which might require medical attention."

Mink had never been more excited in her life as she was when she
thought about standing nude in front of Jim, allowing him to
examine her body after having been on dates. Would he enter her
himself when he did that, she wondered? Would she be taken by
Matt or Chuck, and then come home to be used once more by her
handsome step-father? As she thought about all the possibilities
she felt her heart pounding within her chest and could feel her
nipples hardening under the shirt she was wearing. She swallowed
hard before replying to her step-father.

"You're so sweet... I still have so much to learn about sex. I'm
glad you care enough to want to protect me. Thanks!"

She threw her arms around Jim's neck, hugging him tightly and
loving the feel of her breasts as they pushed against his broad,
manly chest. Jim's arms wrapped around her and he pulled her to
him in a way he had never done before, her crotch being pulled
tightly to his, his member full and pressing against her soft
belly. Suddenly he released her and pushed her away.

"Now," he said smiling, holding her at arms length, "you get to
bed... we'll talk about all of this another time."

Mink retired to her bedroom obediently that night and stood for
quite some time in front of the full length mirror on her closet
door, examining her ripe young body and imagining what it would
be like to present it to Jim. Her hands roamed over her ripe
breasts, teasing her nipples to their full hardness. Her right
hand slid down her flat belly and through the soft, sparse pubic
hair to her throbbing clitoris and wet soft lips. Staring into
her eyes, her peripheral vision taking in the remainder of her
nakedness, Mink moved her hips hotly against her intruding
fingers, hunching lewdly as she thought about her handsome
stepfather and the earlier feel of his cock pressing against her.
When she came, her orgasm seemed to run on forever, as if it
would never end, and she covered her mouth with her left hand,
afraid she might scream her passion into the dark house.

Later as she tossed and turned in the big bed, Mink thought about
how lucky she was to have Jim for a step-father. She would do
whatever he asked of her, no matter what it was. The emptiness
she had felt so deeply in the past was being filled now, and it
was wonderful beyond words. The possibility still existed that
she might disappoint him in some way, she knew that... she seemed
pretty good at making mistakes sometimes... but she would make
that up to him if it happened, no matter what she had to do.

Her hand slid between her legs once more, her fingers toying with
her clitoris and sliding between the lips of her sex again.
Yes... yes, Jim... whatever you say, whatever you wish...
anything!

Part Two

The cool night air blew Mink's long hair back as they rode
through the streets, the big Harley throbbing beneath her bottom.
She gripped Matt tightly with her legs and arms, her head resting
against the black leather jacket he wore. She had no idea where
they were going, and really didn't care. She knew that before the
night was over Matt would be on top of her, pumping his young
meat into her with a ferocity that no one else had been able to
match. Chuck certainly couldn't, although his tender approach to
love-making (as he called it) did have its appeal at times. She
might have to spend a part of the evening watching Matt shoot
pool with his friends before he would get around to having his
way with her, but she didn't mind that. Since that first time,
when Matt had taken her into the backroom at the Biker's Barn and
had bent her over the oil drum and fucked her hard from behind,
they had never failed to do it at least once when they were on a
date, and if she had to watch some pool shooting first, that was
okay with her.

As she thought about what was sure to lay ahead of her that
evening, Mink let her hand slide to Matt's crotch, and rubbed his
thick cock through the conforming black leather pants. She loved
to touch him like that, to wrap her fingers around the bulge in
his left pants leg. It was always there, never in the right leg
or pressed against his belly, but always angled to the left,
always large enough and firm enough to find easily and to enjoy.
She slid her small fingers back and forth over the cool, slick
leather, her thumb and forefinger slipping briefly over the
prominent rim of his big cock head before sliding back down the
shaft once more.

As she continued stroking Matt, Mink thought about her step-
father, wondering if his cock was large like Matt's or somewhat
smaller like Chuck's. She had tried to be in the right place at
the right time on several occasions, hoping to catch a glimpse of
Jim with his organ exposed, but had so far been unsuccessful.
Would tonight be the night she would see it for the first time?
God!... she hoped so! All she had been able to think about for
the last few days was what Jim had said to her about "checking
her" after her dates, and now as she and Matt rode along and she
stroked his thick cock with her hand, she felt her tiny bikini
panties soaking up her juices as she grew wetter and wetter.

Mink had always been fascinated by cocks. Her natural father had
always kept some dirty magazines in his dresser drawer, and when
there was no one else around Mink would slip them from their
hiding place and look at the men in them, their big dicks so long
and thick and angry looking. She liked to look at the women too,
and had always wondered what it would be like to kiss another
woman "there", as some of the pictures showed. When she played
with herself she would remove her wet fingers from her sex and
put them in her mouth, sucking the juices, pretending in her mind
that it was another woman's juices she was tasting, rather than
her own. She found the taste pleasant, actually, certainly more
pleasant than the cum that men expected her to take into her
mouth. But the cum did come from cocks after all, and that made
all the difference. She would take anything that came from a cock
and love it, that's how much she loved them.

Mink's fascination with cocks also extended to the farm animals.
Not long after they had moved to the farm, Mink had witnessed a
stallion and a mare coupling in the field. She couldn't believe
the size of the black horse's cock! It seemed at least 36 inches
long, and as big around as her forearm, maybe even bigger!
Watching the big black stallion mount the mare from behind and
pump into her with that monstrous dick had made Mink hot, and she
had laid in the hay in the barn afterward and played with
herself, thinking about the huge horse dick she had just been
priledged to see.

Matt downshifted and turned the bike hard to the left, awakening
Mink from her reverie. He had turned onto McAlister Park Drive,
and was now heading up the hill toward the picnic shelters.
Passing the first two shelters, Matt slid the bike to a halt at
shelter number three and pulled Mink from the bike roughly. The
shelter was dark, only dimly lighted by the light from the dusk
to dawn light at shelter number two, and Mink stumbled along
behind Matt until he reached a table in the center of the
shelter. He lifted her, setting her down on the table and pushing
her back onto her back, pushing her short leather mini- skirt up
to her waist and tugging the tiny panties down her legs.

"Damn, baby... you were about to make me splash in my fuckin
pants! I don't know what's got you so fuckin hot tonight, but if
you need some dick, you're about to get it!", he said hotly,
spreading her legs open and pulling her to the edge of the table.

Mink was somewhat puzzled by the rough way in which Matt was
taking her, unaware that she had been pumping his hard cock for
all she was worth as her mind had roamed earlier on the bike. But
she made no effort to stop him, finding his urgency nothing more
than a match for the heat she was feeling herself. She wrapped
her legs around his leather clad body, bracing herself for the
entrance of his thick meat into her more than ready hole.

Quickly unzipping his pants, Matt struggled to remove his hard
cock and reached forward with his left hand to hold Mink's sex
open in readiness for his entrance. His fingers pushed her slick
lips apart and he moved forward, pressing the big head of his
dick into her with one long and hard plunge.

Mink gasped, feeling the huge cock slamming into her. She grasped
the table under her with her hands, trying to steady herself
against this onslaught, and tightened her thighs, trying to hold
Matt inside her. But she was no match for his strength, and Matt
pulled back, his cock moving outward and then slamming home once
more. Over and over he plunged into her, his heavy balls slapping
her ass as he rammed her with his hard fuck meat.

Almost before she was aware of what was happening, Mink found
herself exploding with passion, her thighs jerking against her
young lover, her orgasm coursing through her slim body. She
grunted hotly as she hunched her hips back up at Matt, and was
only vaguely aware that he was now spurting into her, his cock
jerking as he released his load of hot cum into her trembling
pussy.

Mink clenched her vaginal lips, milking Matt's withering cock
until he finally removed it from her, wiping the head against her
thigh and tucking it back into his pants. She lay back on the
table, panting and resting, unaware that Matt had walked back to
the bike. Hearing it start with a roar, Mink jumped from the
table and pulled her panties back up under her skirt, running to
the bike and throwing her leg over it and wrapping her arms
around him once again before he roared off.

The rest of the evening passed slowly for Mink. Normally she
would have had the anticipation of Matt taking her sexually to
make it more palatable, but she realized quite correctly that her
one fuck for the night had already taken place. Finally their
date had ended and Matt had dropped her off at the farm, roaring
away before she ever got to the front door of the house.

Just as he had promised, Jim was waiting for her in the living
room upon her arrival, watching tv from his favorite chair. He
was still fully dressed, and smiled warmly at Mink as she entered
the room.

"Hi!", he said pleasantly, "how was your date?"

Mink tossed her purse down on the table and slid the jacket from
her shoulders.

"It was fine... just about like usual. I like Matt, even though
sometimes I get bored with him and his friends. But, I had fun."

"I'm glad you had fun. Do you remember our conversation of the
other night?", Jim asked.

"Yes, I do", Mink answered quietly. "You want to check me now...
here?"

"Yes, Mink", Jim said, folding his hands in his lap.

"Uh..okay..if thats what you want", Mink said, moving in front of
Jim and slowly unbuttoning the blouse. She seldom wore a bra, her
young tits full but firm. She slid the blouse from her shoulders,
blushing a bit as she watched Jim's eyes take in the beauty of
her medium sized breasts. She unzipped the skirt in back and slid
it down her legs, stepping out of it and tossing it to the floor
beside her. Jim's eyes were now running up and down her long
legs, exploring, savoring her soft curves. Mink swallowed hard
and hooked her fingers in the waist-band of the tiny panties,
tugging them downward and stepping from them, tossing them in the
pile formed by her blouse and skirt. Unsure what to do with her
hands, she simply clasped them together in front of herself and
waited.

"Good... now open your legs a bit wider, Mink", Jim instructed.

Mink moved her right foot to the right, opening her legs a bit
wider, feeling her face flush and her sex growing wetter.

"Yes, thats it... now, clasp your hands behind your back", Jim
said evenly.

Mink moved her hands behind her, clasping them in the small of
her back, aware of the way it made her breasts push outward when
she did that.

Jim moved to the edge of his seat in front of her and looked at
her naked body, taking his own sweet time and observing every
visible part of her up close.

"Did your young friend enter you tonight, Mink?", Jim asked,
matter of factly.

Mink blushed and grew more excited, thinking about the hard
fucking that Matt had given her on the picnic table earlier.

"Yes, he did, Jim", she replied, hoarsely.

"Did he enter you in your mouth, or your pussy, or your asshole,
Mink?", Jim asked, looking into her eyes.

"In my... uh... in my pussy, Jim... this time", Mink replied,
embarrassed.

"You will call me sir when you answer my questions, Mink", he
said, seriously.

"Yes, sir", Mink replied meekly.

"Did he spurt inside your pussy also, Mink?", he asked.

"Yes, he did... sir."

"You said, this time... does he also spurt in your other holes at
times, Mink?"

Mink swallowed hard. She had never told anyone about the things
that Matt did to her... or Chuck for that matter. "Yes, sir... he
sometimes spurts into my mouth... but never in my... my... well,
back there. Wouldnt' that be very painful, sir?"

Jim reached out and slid one finger slowly between Mink's wet
vaginal lips, opening them as he looked closely at them.

"Well, some women come to love being entered in their assholes,
Mink. Some even prefer it that way and come more strongly that
way than any other. I feel sure you will come to love it that way
as well in time." He slid his middle finger into her wet opening,
moving it around slowly within her.

Mink closed her eyes tightly, embarrassed but tremendously
excited by Jim's touch and his talk.

"I have so much to learn... but I want to learn", she said.

"Yes, I know you do, Mink, and learn you will, I'll see to that",
he said evenly, his finger continuing its prodding.

"Your nipples grow quite hard when you are touched in this way,
don't they, Mink?", Jim asked.

"Yes sir... my nipples are very sensitive. Sometimes Matt sucks
them and bites them... and it feels so good", she replied
honestly. She could hardly believe that it was so easy to talk
about these things with Jim, but it was. He seemed to understand
her so well!

Jim withdrew his finger and held it in front of his face, looking
at it intently. Mink looked at it also, and saw the juices
covering it, and blushed even more deeply. Jim placed it in his
mouth and sucked it, cleaning it as she watched, his eyes fixed
on hers as he licked it clean.

"That will be all, Mink", Jim said, leaning back in his seat and
crossing his hands in his lap once more.

Mink looked at him, her mouth opening with consternation. She had
assumed there would be more than this. She had thought... but she
knew that it was over. This examination had ended and there would
be no more for tonight. Somewhat disappointed, but still excited
by exposing her naked body to Jim, Mink picked up her clothes and
turned to leave the room. Stopping before she reached the door to
the hallway, she stopped, and turning back toward Jim, said,
"Thank you, sir, for checking me."

"You're welcome, Mink. Sleep well", he replied.

Mink walked up the stairs naked, still unsure what to make of her
examination, and still perplexed by her step-father's failure to
take her as Matt had done earlier. She would have allowed him to
do just that, in fact she had wanted him to do it. Couldn't he
tell that? Should she have asked him to do it to her? What had
she done wrong?

She bathed herself quickly, cleaning her body and drying herself
off with the big terry-cloth towel before laying naked between
the cool sheets. Perhaps he will come to me in the night, she
thought. Perhaps he will come to me and teach me how to accept
him in my ass. I will sleep with my legs open, ready for him, in
case he does come to me. He can have me however he chooses,
anyway, anytime.

The young, naked step-daughter's hand moved between her legs once
again, and when it had finished its happy work there and had been
cleaned by her hungry mouth it rested on her stomach, sleeping
with her and dreaming of things to come.

Part Three

As the days and weeks passed, Mink grew increasingly frustrated
by her handsome step-father's failure to take her sexually as she
hungered for him to do. He did continue "checking her" after her
dates, and she loved it as much as ever, but it seemed that Jim
was never going to plunge into her with his own manhood. Once or
twice she had brazenly held his hand against her sex and ground
her hips against it, hoping that her heat would arouse him to the
point that he could control himself no longer; but in spite of
the fact that Jim had appeared pleased by her actions, he had
made her stop both times before she could bring herself to
orgasm.

If Mink's mother was aware of the sexual desire Mink felt for
Jim, or even of her being "checked" after each date there was no
evidence of it. Anne seemed more than content with Jim's handling
of the young girl, and the normalcy that Mink's improved behavior
had brought to their home. Whatever method Jim was using it was
certainly working, and that was the important thing.

There was no question that Mink's affection for Jim had much to
do with her new ability to stay out of trouble, but living on the
farm helped as well. Jim kept her busy with farm chores when she
wasn't dating or doing schoolwork, and as the school year drew to
a close there would be more and more hours spent caring for the
animals that shared the farm with them.

Mink had grown fond of her chores, and more especially of the
animals she cared for. She gave each of them names, learning
their particular mannerisms, and developing a raport with them
which was interesting to observe. Her main duty was the feeding
and grooming of the large animals, the cattle and horses, and
while she was at first a bit hesitant around them, over time she
came to trust them and they her.

The horses were her favorites, and Mink treated each of them like
like a show horse, brushing and combing their manes, keeping them
clean, well fed and well exercised. She loved watching them
breed, and as the mares gave birth, Mink watched over the young
foals as if they were her own children.

Jim enjoyed watching Mink take such an interest in the animals.
He saw the fondness which she felt for them, and had noticed her
particular attachment for the horses. As school ended and the
summer months wore on, Jim allowed Mink more and more of the
responsibility for their care, instructing her in administering
the medication they often required, even showing her how to clean
the stallions' large cocks before they were allowed to perform
their stud duties with neighboring farmer's mares.

Mink tried not to let Jim notice her fascination with the huge
cocks, but she came to love the opportunity to wash them and care
for them. She made it a part of her daily routine with her
favorite horses, not waiting until they were to be with a mare,
but cleaning them each afternoon, watching them grow so long and
hard, and rubbing her small hands up and down the full length of
them. On one occasion the big black stallion that Mink had come
to think of as her own had ejaculated while she rubbed him,
spewing an unbelievable amount of warm cum in seemingly endless
streams as she rubbed him up and down his shaft. Mink had stared
open-mouthed at the spectacle, shocked but pleased at what she
had made happen. As she stared at the pools of horse cum there in
the straw, she wondered just how much it would be like the cum
that she had so often taken from Matt's cock. Would it feel like
his cum on her skin? Would it taste like his? There was so much
of it! What would it be like to feel it shooting into her, long
gush after long gush pouring into her mouth or her vagina?

Such thoughts embarassed Mink, but excited her as well, and she
had moved back into the corner of the stall and had rubbed her
wet pussy hotly, staring at the still hard cock and the puddles
of warm horse semen. She felt so depraved, fingering herself
there in front of the stallion, thinking about his cock and his
cum, but never had she felt so much passion course through her
body. Surely it would be impossible to take such a huge cock into
herself...but yet Mink thought about it as she masturbated. Could
she open that wide? How much of its length could she take? How
could she position her body to allow the huge animal to fuck her?
Suppose he tried to put the whole thing into her...would he harm
her, or perhaps keep her from ever being able to have babies?
Maybe she would just lick the head sometime and let him spray her
face. She could keep her mouth open if she wanted, and taste him.
Or she could close it if it got to be too much, letting the warm
semen splash against her face and run over her breasts and
stomach.

Lifting her hips from the straw and plunging her fingers rapidly
between her wet lips, Mink came strongly, grunting and moaning,
staring at the big black stallion as waves of passion washed over
her. When it was over she fell back weakly, lying there amazed at
what she had just done. What would people think if they knew what
she had been thinking? What would Jim think of her? Would it make
him never want to have her sexually? Or would it make him want
her even more? All these questions and more had run through the
young girl's mind as she rested there, trying to sort out her
emotions and reconcile them with the deep hungers and needs
inside her.

Unknown to Mink, Jim had been very much aware of his
step-daughter's actions. He had happened upon her just as the
stallion was coming, and had stepped back into the shadows to see
just what her reaction would be. It had been incredibly exciting
to watch her, and he had taken out his cock and stroked it as he
saw her fascinating response. His own orgasm had occurred almost
simultaneously with hers as he had watched her lifting her hips
and working her fingers hotly inside herself. Perhaps he had
underestimated the passion that lived within the slim girl's
body. He hadn't wanted to rush her sexually, hadn't wanted to
frighten her or push her away from him. But after seeing the heat
in her reaction to the horse's eruption, he began to realize that
was extremely unlikely.

Slipping unobserved from the shadows and through the door of the
barn, Jim walked back toward the house re-evaluating Mink's
development. Perhaps she was indeed ready for more from him. Yes,
perhaps now was the time.

Part Four

Mink enjoyed her dates with Chuck. They weren't as exciting
sexually as the ones with Matt, but Chuck was much more
considerate and liked to do a variety of interesting things,
which was a pleasant contrast to Matt's more narrow approach to
life. If nothing else it was nice to be able to dress up a bit,
to wear a dress occasionally rather than the tight jeans that
Matt usually expected her to have on.

As she prepared for her date with Chuck, Mink thought about the
difference in the clothes she had to choose from now and the ones
she had owned prior to her mother marrying Jim. Anne had always
had such conservative tastes, and would never let Mink buy
anything that was really in style or what Mink considered to be
really pretty. But Jim took Mink on all her shopping trips now,
partly to make sure she didn't shoplift, but also because he
enjoyed watching her try on different outfits, and was pleased
that she respected his opinion about what she should buy.

Unable to change Anne's clothing tastes much so far, Jim had
really enjoyed helping Mink choose her clothes. Mink trusted his
judgement completely, and where her closet had once been stocked
with long, full dresses and loose fitting slacks and blouses, now
it was full of much sexier and more up-to-date clothes, and
plenty of them. Jim seemed to have a particular preference for
tight fitting short skirts and dresses, which Mink had to admit
she did look wonderful in, and had even influenced her taste in
lingerie, encouraging her to wear garter-belts and stockings
rather than the pantyhose that so many other women seemed to
prefer. They were a bit of a bother at times, but Mink did enjoy
the way they made her feel so sexy when she wore them, and the
ease with which she could open herself to Chuck or to Jim when
she returned from her dates.

Jim amused her when they went shopping. She had more lingerie now
than she could ever hope to wear, especially the garter-belts,
but he insisted on buying her more each time they shopped. It was
never enough that she try them on in the store for him either,
once they got back home he always made her try them all on again,
often specifying which pair of high heels for her to wear, and
having her turn slowly in front of him and sometimes even walk
back and forth across the room as we watched. One one occasion he
had returned from town with a bag full of nothing but panties for
her. There had been at least two dozen pair, and she had
obediently modeled each pair for him, giving him ample time to
see them on her from all angles before sliding them off and
putting on yet another one.

Now as she sat on the edge of her bed and slid the tan stocking
up her right leg, smoothing it as she went before attaching it to
the clip of the garter-belt, Mink smiled at her handsome
step-father's obvious delight in her young body. She loved for
him to look at her, and even though there was at least a chance
that Chuck would make love to her tonight, it was not his
attentions that excited her most, but the opportunity to present
herself once again to Jim upon her return. He seemed to be
growing more and more amorous toward her with each passing day,
leaving his fingers inside her longer when he checked her young
pussy, and letting his hands slide over her breasts and legs more
sensously, touching nearly every inch of her during his
examinations.

Shaking her head from side to side in an attempt to drive her
thoughts of Jim from her long enough to finish dressing, Mink
stood and slid the tight dress over her head, tugging it down
over her ripe young frame. She chuckled softly as she thought
about her naked breasts. In all the time that Jim had been buying
lingerie for her he had never bought her a single bra. She surely
didn't need them; her breasts, while full, were quite firm enough
to stand high and proud on her chest without any help of that
sort. But she had to wonder how many other girls her age had a
lingerie drawer stocked as her's was.

The doorbell rang, and Mink heard Jim letting Chuck into the
living room. What a difference in Matt and Chuck. Normally Mink
would have been ready for at least thirty minutes before Matt
would ever arrive, and the only announcement of his presence
would be the roar of his bike in the driveway outside the house.
There was certainly much to be said for someone with his manners,
even if his love-making was a bit routine and lack-luster at
times.

As the young couple drove away, Mink slid over closer to Chuck,
sliding her dress up nearly to the tops of her stockings and
placing her hand high on his thigh. He smiled at her warmly and
placed his hand on her leg, massaging the stockinged flesh and
working his way almost too slowly toward the top of her leg.
Responding to his touch, Mink closed her eyes and lay her head on
his shoulder. She wondered if he knew that he could stop the car
at that very moment and do whatever he wanted to with her. As
much as she would enjoy the nice dinner and the movie they would
see following it, she wanted and needed more than anything to be
in the arms of a man tonight.

Sliding her hand up Chuck's thigh she found his small cock and
rubbed it gently, feeling it begin to respond. Maybe she should
suggest that they just park somewhere and forget dinner and the
movie. But she had tried that before and had been disappointed by
his lack of enthusiasm. No, she would have to wait and hope that
he would want and need her as much as she needed him. Opening her
legs and taking Chuck's hand in hers she slid it past the top of
her stocking and over her naked inner thigh pressing it against
her wet pantied crotch and wishing he would slide his fingers
under the edge and finger her. But it was not to be, as he merely
patted her and put his hand back on the wheel, turning the car
into the parking lot of the restaurant.

It was quite a nice restaurant, and Mink felt the eyes of the
other diners on her as they walked to their table. She and Chuck
made an attractive couple, but she knew that it was her on which
those eyes were focusing and it made her nipples grow even more
rigid under the tight dress.

Chuck did most of the talking during dinner, which was just as
well since Mink's mind was filled with thoughts about sex. She
tried to hide her impatience, but it seemed as if they would
never get through eating. At one point Mink had slid her high
heel off and toyed with Chucks leg under the table with her
stockinged foot. She wanted to feel it pressed against his
crotch, but Chuck had smiled and moved it back to the floor when
she had tried to put it there. The older man at the table to
their left had watched all that happen, and Mink smiled an
embarrassed smile at him as Chuck pushed her foot away. She
wasn't ashamed of her passionate nature, she just wished that
Chuck would take advantage of it.

Finally dinner was over, and as they walked back out to the car,
Mink finally decided to suggest they go somewhere other than the
movie.

"Are your Mom and Dad home?", she asked, taking his arm and
laying her head on his shoulder.

Chuck laughed quietly, glancing down at his friend. It wasn't the
first time she had asked him that question, and he knew exactly
why she was asking.

"They were going out tonight...you don't want to see the movie?",
he asked.

"Whatever you want is okay, but I'd really like to be alone with
you", she replied.

"We can watch a movie on tv if you like", he said. "We'll go to a
movie next week."

Mink smiled warmly. For some reason she especially needed sex
tonight, and the prospect of sitting through the long movie in
the theater with Chuck absent-mindedly playing with her had been
such a frustrating one.

Later, in the darkened living room of Chuck's house, Mink lay
with her head in his lap, the tight dress raised to her waist.
Her feet were flat on the couch, her legs opened, her panties
moist from the heat she felt inside them. Chuck ran his fingers
through her hair with one hand, and stroked the inside of her
thigh lightly with the other, his forearm pressed against her
pubic bone, his upper arm resting against Mink's left breast.

While her head was turned toward the flickering light of the
television, her mind was on the bulge she could feel pressing
against the back of her head under Chuck's pants and on the
burning need she felt to take him inside her. She felt his cock
make a tiny jerk and smiled at the realization that he was
beginning to respond to her. Ever so slowly she pressed her hips
upward, straining to rub her hardening clitoris against his
forearm. She felt him press back down at her and hunched back
upward more openly, wishing to encourage him. He pressed back
harder, sliding his hand down her thigh even closer to her wet
crotch and Mink began letting her hips rise and fall hotly,
humping herself against his arm.

Mink could feel Chuck's hardness complete now under her head, and
would have gladly rolled over onto her stomach and pressed her
face to his crotch taking him deeply into her mouth. She would
have kept her legs opened to him, and he could have fingered her
bottom any way he wished while she sucked his sperm into her. But
Chuck wasn't inclined to appreciate Mink's enjoyment of oral sex
that much. Maybe it was his knowledge of her relationship with
Matt and the conviction that she just as eagerly fell to her
knees in front of him, but whatever it was he preferred to lay
between her legs and take her pussy (like married people do it,
he always said).

Reaching down and taking Chuck's hand in hers she slid it to her
crotch, pressing his fingers against her wet panties. Chuck slid
his fingers up and down her slit, touching her clitoris firmly
the whole time with some part of his moving hand. Mink moaned
softly and continued hunching her hips upward hotly, loving the
feel of him touching her. She kept her hand on top of his,
guiding his strokes and before long feeling the accumulation of
her juices on his fingers as they leaked through the crotch of
the thin panties.

Stopping him for a second, she pulled the crotch of her panties
to the side, allowing him total access to her naked slit, and
groaning as his fingers slid between her trembling lips. Chuck
really wasn't very good at fingering her, but at the same time
his unstudied approach made it impossible to guess what he would
do next, and that in itself was often exciting. Mink was so
turned on by now that anything he had done would have pleased
her, just as long as he kept it up.

Finally he pressed his thumb into her, the top of it pressing
against her clit, and Mink turned her head to look at him,
moaning again and rubbing her right breast with her hand.

"Make love to me, Chuck", she breathed hotly. It would have been
"fuck me, Matt!" had she been with her other friend, and quite
possibly if she had been with ANY man other than Chuck, but she
knew better than to talk like that to him.

"Please do it, I want it so much!", she pleaded.

Chuck pulled his finger out of her and wiped it on her naked
thigh. Mink sat up, to allow him to change positions, and when he
had risen from the couch, she scooted backward, laying her ripe
young body on the couch again, her right foot moving to the
floor, her left leg rising to lay across the back of the couch.
She would have preferred taking off the panties, but Chuck was
always afraid his parents would come home and interrupt them and
that her panties would be left behind as evidence of their sin.

Mink watched her handsome young lover unzipping his pants and
reaching inside to retrieve his now hard and throbbing cock.
Reaching between her lewdly opened legs, she pulled the crotch of
her panties to the side again, exposing herself and making his
task as easy as she possibly could.

Chuck knelt on the couch, guiding his shaft with his left hand
and supporting himself on the back of the couch with his right.
He probed awkwardly, the slick head of his young manhood pressing
here and there, trying his best to find the center of her
opening. Mink finally reached to help him, and taking the hot
shaft in her hand pressed it to just the right place, hunching
herself upward to aid his entrance.

Her mind screamed its pleasure to her as the intruder made its
way deeper and deeper into her moist opening. Yes! This was what
she had been hungering for all night long, what she needed and
wanted so desperately! Reaching for Chuck's waist, Mink wrapped
her legs around him, pushing herself upward toward him as he
began moving in and out of her.

The glare of the headlights illuminating the darkened room
preceded the sound of the car in the driveway as Chuck's parents
arrived home earlier than expected.

"Damn! They're home!", he exclaimed, pushing Mink's grasping legs
away from him and removing his now deflating cock from her still
hungry sex. Mink's hand flew to her clit and she rubbed it hotly
as Chuck rose from the couch, shoving himself back into his
pants.

"Get up! Pull your dress down! They're home!", he whispered
desperately. "Mink!! Come on!"

Overcome with frustration, Mink tore her hand away from her needy
sex and swung her legs to the floor, tugging at the dress to pull
it back down in an acceptable manner. Chuck fell heavily to the
couch, putting his arm around her just as his Mother called out
to them from the kitchen.

Their close call at being caught discouraged Chuck from trying
anything further that evening, even though Mink had pleaded with
him to take her to the overlook on the way home. There would be
other times, he said, no need to push their luck when it was this
late already.

Kissing him goodnight sweetly on the porch outside the farm
house, Mink outwardly tried to appear understanding. Inwardly her
frustration still burned hotly, and she was angry that she had
been deprived of the pleasure she hungered for so deeply.

Entering the living room and finding her step-father awaiting her
as usual, Mink tried to hide the emotions that coursed through
her and assumed that she was successful. She was not.
