From - Tue Sep 24 13:44:24 1996
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!nntp1.jpl.nasa.gov!news.alt.net!newspost1.alt.net!default
From: hm300@hotmail.com (David Roch)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.stories.incest
Subject: - farmhelp.txt [03/03]
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 96 06:00:21 GMT
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Affordable Usenet Access - http://www.alt.net
Lines: 727
Message-ID: <522koj$akd@tofu.alt.net>
X-Newsreader: News Xpress 2.0 Beta #0
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:24135 alt.se call, do I still have a 
figure?"

"Yes," I replied grinning at her.  "For now, but I don't know 
how much longer it's going to last."

"Me either, usually I can get along with one more month before 
it's totally gone."

"I don't think you could ever completely loose your figure."

"I'll take that as a compliment," she said smiling.

"As you should."

"Well, I'll get out of your way, if you're embarassed about me 
seeing you naked."

"Are you sure you don't want this room back Pam, it doeed them again, and again until she was 
awake.  There was only one person that I had to tell about what 
I'd discovered when I saw her in bed waiting for me.  I had 
fallen in love with my own sister, and I had to tell her.

"Oh damn, I didn't mean to fall asleep."

"So you were waiting for me?"

"Yes.  I wanted to talk to you about something important."

"I do too," I said smiling at her, while at the same time not 
letting her slip out of my arms.

"Look Charlie, whether or not your going to keep screwing around 
with that fluezy or not is your business, but...."

"I told her I didn't want to see her, on anything more  than a 
friendly basis last night."

"R-really?  You did?" she asked looking at me with a shimmer of 
surprise, and something odd, hope in her eyes.

"Yes, I did."

"Well, that's great Charlie.  Really it is."

"You were saying...."

"Oh, ye-yes, of course, well I guess I can skip the first part 
can't I?"

"Yes."

"All right then, I have to tell you something about Frank, 
and...and the girls."

"What about them?"

"Well, Frank and I both knew that the girls would have urges, 
and that there were very few boys around, at the best of times.  
And we really didn't want them settling for just anybody.  So as 
the man of the house, it became Frank's job to satisfy all of 
the women's urges in the house."

"You mean he fucked them?"

"Not all of them, just Shawna and Helen, just like you have."

"Y-you knew?"

:"Of course I did, you don't think you could get away with 
something like that and not have me find out did you," she said 
grinning.

"I've got to admit, I kind of found it strange that you didn't 
find out.  I've been waiting for you to throw me out over it."

"I won't Charlie, you're the man of the house now, and they need 
you."

"So you don't mind if we...."

"No, of course I don't, it wasn't the same for them when I tried 
to satisfy them on my own.  They need a man to make love to 
them.  That's kind of why I had to talk to you Charlie, it's 
Caroline's twelfth birthday today, and Frank's present to her 
was going to be her first time making love with a man.

"She's been looking forward to this day for a long time Charlie, 
and she needs the man of the house.  That's you Charlie, to make 
love to her for her very first time.  I know it's probably not 
exactly what you signed on to do, but I beg of you, don't 
disapoint her."

"You want me to take your daughter's cherry?"

"I hope you understand how much this means to me Charlie."

"So what happens when Johnny reaches the age of twelve."

"He get's to make love to his sisters, and me."

"So right now, as the only man of the house I have access to all 
of the women of the house?"

"As of today, yes."

"Oh Pam, I'm sorry."

"What do you have to be sorry for, you haven't taken Caroline 
already have you!"

"No, no I've never touched her."

"That's a family event."

"What do you mean?"

"You have to take her cherry infront of everyone.  That's the 
way that we've always done it before.  Now would you mind 
telling me what you're sorry about."

"I promised you that I would take care of all your needs, and it 
seems that I've been grossly negligent in my duties haven't I," 
I said giving her a deep kiss.

"Yes you have," she said with a bitter-sweet smile.

"Well, we'll just have to fix that won't we," I said rolling on 
top of her giving her another kiss.

"Charlie, we can't!"

"Am I hurting you," I said looking down into her face, before 
kissing her again.

"Of course not."

"Am I hurting the baby?"

"No."

"Then why can't we?"

"Because you've got to save your strength for Caroline, she's 
going to want a fair bit of your attention today.  You are going 
to..." she said sounding a little doubtful.

"Of course I will," I said kissing her again.  "But the day 
after tomorrow, after I've rested up, I'm going to want to spend 
the entire day in bed with you."

"Are you sure you want to do that with this big fat pregnant 
lady, when you've got nearly three teenage girls to satisfy?"

"There just going to have to wait," I said grinning before 
kissing her lips again.

"You had something to tell me too didn't you?"

"Yes."

"Well?"

"I love you."

"I love you too, Charlie."

"No Pam, I mean I love you."

"Oh, that kind of I love you?"

"Yes."

"Well, as I said Charlie, I love you too.  How could I not, 
we've spent so much time together lately."

"What do you think Mom and Dad would have said?"

"I don't know, and I really don't care Charlie, I just want 
you," she said before stretching her neck up and kissing me.

"You know something?"

"What," she said smiling.

"I think I can spare a little energy," I said touching the tip 
of my cock to her entrance which was already so damp, it felt 
almost like it was being sucked in as I applied a little push.

"Oh Charlie we shouldn't," she said wrapping her arms around my 
waist while bringing her legs up.

"No, we probably shouldn't," I whispered to her before kissing 
her as I continued to pump in and out of her.

"Oh Charlie," Pam cried softly hugging me tight as we kissed and 
exploded together.  We laid there together gently caressing and 
kissing each other.  Before all three girls came into the room 
and climbed on the bed.

"It's about time you made love to her," Helen said sitting on 
the bed.

"Yeah, she's been waiting for you to do it a long time Charlie."

"Has she," I asked looking at Pam, who blushed a little.

"Especially since we told her how good you were," Shawna said 
leaning over and kissing my lips.  "Right Mom?"

"How much did you little scamps see?"

"Almost all of it," Caroline said grinning.

"Well, you kids get out to the kitchen so Charlie and I can get 
dressed.  Then we'll get some breakfast."

"I've got a better idea," I said squeezing Pam who was laying 
ontop of my arm.  "Since today is such a special day, why don't 
we all drive into town, and we'll get some breakfast there.  
Then we'll come back and give Caroline her presents.  How does 
that sound Caroline?"

"It sounds nice," she replied softly.  "But, did Mom tell you 
what present Dad was going to give me?"

"I know all about it."

"And?"

"Well, I am the man of the house," I said grinning at her, 
before her older sisters broke out in smiles.

"Does that mean...."

"Yes honey, you'll become a woman today," Pam said happily as 
she snuggled up closer to me.  "Now go get your brother out of 
bed and ready to go."

When we got into town and at the restaurant, we got a booth, and 
everyone piled in.  First Helen and Shawna went in, then Johnny 
sat down beside them.  Pam slipped in beside them, while I 
waited for Caroline to slip in beside her but she waved me in 
instead.  Once I was sitting I realized what was going on 
Caroline wanted to sit beside me, but she also wanted me to sit 
beside Pam.

While we were eating breakfast, with the exception of Caroline 
occassionally touching my leg, I felt like we were a regular 
family.  It was the one thing that I thought I'd never feel.  I 
mean I'd spent the almost three decades looking for a woman to 
settle down and have a family with, but I'd never found the 
right one.

And yet here I was sitting down with that exact same feeling and 
enjoying it more than I had anything else in my life.  In fact I 
was feeling better about everything just sitting there acting 
like a family, especially with Pam and I sharing kisses infront 
of everyone.  I'd almost given up on the expectations of ever 
experiencing it.

"You girls go inside Johnny and I will feed the chickens," I 
said when we got home.

"All right, but don't take too long," Pam said before giving me 
a kiss and patting my butt.  "Caroline's anxious enough without 
you delaying things along."

"Well, we can't have them go hungry can we?  Besides, isn't 
there a birthday cake or something to put candles on?"

"Sure there is," Pam said grinning.

"Well, you Shawna and Helen do that."

"And what do you want me to tell Caroline?"

"Tell her to get everything else ready."

"You're going to make her work on her birthday?"

"Oh go on," I said grinning at her giving her a pat on the butt 
back.

"All right, but I hope she can handle you, you're awfully big 
down there," Pam whispered as she ran her hand over the front of 
my jeans.

"Come on Johnny lets go feed the chickens," I said offering him 
my hand which he took.  Together we started spreading the feed 
around to all of the chickens.

"Uncle Charlie?"

"Yes Johnny?"

"Are you going to sleep with Mommy from now on?"

"What would you think if I did?"

"I think it would be all right, she's say's I'm big, but I'm 
just not big enough to make love."

"She told you that did she?"

"I tried my best to please her when I was the man of the house, 
but I really couldn't give her what she wanted.  She said I had 
a little bit more to grow."

"So, you slept with your Mom before I came?"

"Yep," Johnny replied proudly.  "I was the man of the house!"

"Does it bother you that now I'm the man of the house?"

"Well, it did at first, but Mommy explained that I'd always be 
able to be the man of the house in a special way no matter what 
happened."

"So you really don't mind?"

"Nope!"

"Let's go inside then, and we'll see what the girls are up to."

"Ok."

"Where is everyone?"

"I'm in here Charlie," Pam called from the kitchen.

"Where are the girls," I asked when we found her alone sipping a 
cup of coffee.

"Helen and Shawna decided to help Caroline get ready.  There 
dressing her up so that she looks real special for you Charlie.  
You should have seen her, she was almost ready to jump through 
the roof she's so excited.  You might want to think about 
delaying our day till the day after next, I think she's planning 
on wearing you out pretty good."

"I wouldn't think about it," I said leaning down and kissing 
her.

"So are you ready for your sister's big day Johnny?"

"Yep."

"Why don't you go see what your sisters are up to Johnny, and 
tell them we're back now."

"All right," Johnny said before heading out of the room.

"There's some coffee in the pot if you want some."

"No, I don't think I could take any more caffine right now."

"Charlie, I don't want you to take her too fast now.  It is her 
first time, and I want you to make sure that it's gentle and 
loving and not...."

"I know what I'm doing Pam, and I'll take very good care of her.  
I promise."

"I just want what's best for her Charlie."

"I know you do, but I want you to know, I want the same thing.  
I want what's best for her too Pam, and I'll do my best to make 
sure that she gets it."

"I know you will Charlie, you're alot more gentle than Frank 
was, and in alot better shape too," she said wrapping her arms 
around me.  "And from the little bit that I've had, you're a 
better lover too."  Then she gave me a kiss, and we just stood 
there holding each other.  "Charlie I want you to know that I 
never expected this to happen when you came.  I dreamed about it 
but I...I mean I'd been alone for three months, and when I'm 
pregnant, the first few months are kind of when I have the 
strongest urges.

"At first, I thought of Frank, but with all the other kids he 
was kind of, of the oppionion that if I was pregnant the seeds 
were sown, so there was no need to sow more you know.  But then 
I started thinking about how you were there for me when Frank 
died.  And how you've always kind of been there for me when ever 
I needed you, you started taking a place in most of my 
fantasies.

"Then after awhile I got the urge to call you, I didn't know 
what to say, not really.  I mean how do you tell you're own 
brother you want him to come and fuck you.  And then when you 
came I didn't know what to say or do to tell you how I felt.

"I'm glad you're here Charlie," she said before kissing me 
again.

"I am too.  There's only two things that I wish could have been 
different."

"And what are they?"

"Well, the first one is, I wish we had of found out about each 
other twenty years ago.  Then we could have had something to 
really keep us busy during all those long boring nights when we 
were kids," I said and she laughed.

"They certainly would have disappeared wouldn't they've?  What's 
the second thing you wish could have been differnt?"

"Well, you said that the majority of your urges were when you 
were in the early stages of your pregnancy.  I only wish we 
could have started this then," I said grinning at her before 
kissing her again.

"Yeah, then maybe I wouldn't have been so fat."

"You're not fat Pam, you're gorgeous," I said hugging her before 
kissing her again.

"Mmmmm...I love you Charlie."

"I love you too Pam," I whispered softly into her hair.

"She's ready," Helen said coming into the kitchen.  "Mom, you're 
going to have to give him up for today," she added tugging on my 
arm.

"Oh do I have to," Pam said pouting before laughing.  "All 
right, take him, but just remember I want him back."

Helen dragged me into the living room where only Shawna was 
waiting for us.  Then Helen pushed me down onto the couch.  
"Where's Johnny and Caroline," I asked while Helen and Shawna 
sat down on either side of me.  They each gave me a kiss and 
then started undressing me.

"Johnny's getting her prepared, they'll be down in a few 
minutes," Helen said while stripping off of my top.

"After we get you prepared," Shawna added as she undid my pants 
and pulled them down along with my shorts.


"Do I just get to watch," Pam asked eyeing her daughters as they 
both started rubbing my cock.

"You can help if you want Mom," Shawna said turning back to look 
at her mother while Helen gobbled my cock up with her mouth.

"Hey, I was going to do that," Shawna whined when she saw what 
Helen was doing.

"Now you girls share," Pam said sternly before grinning at me.  
And whether to my horror or excitement they did exactly that, 
each of them going down on me for a second while the other 
sucked and licked my balls.

Pam came over and took up a position behind the girls and 
started rubbing their sweet cunts through their jeans.  It kind 
of caught me off guard, I'd never really thought about it, but 
Pam had said that she had tried her best to satisfy her 
childrens urges between the period that their father had died 
and I showed up and that must have meant making love to them 
herself.

And both of her girls responded to it sort of humping against 
her hand from what it looked like, but they also started 
moaning.  "Hey, save me some," Caroline said grinning as she 
came down the stairs.  Pam wasn't kidding when she said they 
were dressing her up.  Caroline was wearing a pair of crothless 
black lace panties, with a matching bra for her little budding 
breasts that gave complete access to her young glistening pink 
nipples.  She looked absoultely gorgeous, she was even done up 
in a little bit of makeup, with her long hair swept up into a 
sort of bun on top of her head, with a couple of strands hanging 
down.

Her hips were only slightly rounded but showed good signs of the 
woman she was becoming.  Pam led both Helen and Shawna back and 
then reached around behind the chair and pulled out a foam 
mattress and set it on the floor and then spread a towel out 
over top of it.  My prick must have doubled in size just at the 
sight of her, as she moved down from the stairs and came over 
and kissed my lips, a full open mouth tongue kiss.

Then taking my hands she led me towards the piece of foam, 
laying down on it on her back, while guiding me over top of her.  
Someone took ahold of my prick and guided me to Caroline's 
entrance, while I stared down into her eyes.  I had every 
intention of taking things slow, but whoever was guiding my cock 
must have thought that Caroline didn't need any foreplay.

When the tip of it reached the inside of her legs, I could feel 
her hot steamy cunt, and as the tip touched her, I could feel 
her damp pussy, she was soaked, and completely ready.  I looked 
up and found Pam kneeling right infront of us, watching 
carefully as I took what I had to consider one of the best 
presents I could ever have, her daughter.

"Put it in me," Caroline said anxiously wrapping her arms around 
my neck.  I got my cock in about an inch and a half before I met 
the reistance of her hymen.

"Are you ready," I asked looking down at her.

"Do it!" she cried excitedly.  I withdrew and then pushed back 
into her tearing her hymen with one thrust.  She let out a 
little squeal and I waited for her to adjust to me.

"Tell me when you're ready," I said softly leaning over and 
giving her lips a kiss.

"O-ok, I'm ready," she said softly in close to a whimper.

"Are you sure?"

"Fuck me Charlie."

"All right," I said grinning before leaning down and kissing her 
again as I slowly backed out of her a little and then slid 
deeper into her, making my strokes slow but steady working my 
way deeper into her tight young cunt.

"Faster," Caroline moaned digging her fingers into my back as I 
did as she told me, making my strokes a little faster.  Caroline 
picked up the rythm quickly and soon she was acting just like 
her older sisters, a little roughly but she was very eager to be 
making love and it got to a point that it started to feel as if 
she'd been doing it for years.

Even if she hadn't ever made love before it was obvious that she 
had obviously witnessed it happening enough times to know what 
she was doing to a limited degree.  And between the excited 
state that I'd been in all day and the fact that Caroline was so 
tight and her pussy clung to my cock, it didn't take long to 
bring me close to cumming.

But I didn't want to cum without her, especially it being her 
first time, so I tried my best to slpw my strokes, my only 
problem was that Caroline had no interest in slowing the pace 
one bit.  But Pam must have realized what was happening because 
her hand slipped down between Caroline and me and started 
rubbing at Caroline's clit.

And that just drove Caroline mad, she began writhing beneath me 
and crying out that she was cumming.  After a few seconds she 
did, and she began convulsing around my cock, squeezing it even 
tighter within her vagina.  So with one last thrust I burried 
myself as deep as I could inside her and shot my load.

After a few minutes of laying there together on the foam 
mattress and sharing kisses, we finally slunk apart.  I sat back 
against the couch while Caroline gathered herself up so that she 
was sitting still on the mattress before Pam moved over to her.

"My little baby's a woman now," Pam said giving Caroline a hug 
before turning and giving me a kiss.  "Now what do you have to 
say to Charlie Caroline?"

"Thank you Charlie," Caroline said grinning while rubbing her 
pussy before licking her fingers clean of our mixed juices.

"Helen, Shawna, Johnny come congratulate your sister," Pam said 
looking off to the side.  I only turned to look when she'd 
talked to them, and I hadn't expected to find all three of them 
naked and licking and sucking on each other's genitals but 
that's what they were doing.  "Come  on you three, knock it off 
and come clean up your sister."

"Awww...Mom!" Helen complained looking up from where she was 
sucking on Shawna's pussy.  "We're just getting started."

"You three know this is your sisters day.  Now come on.  At 
least one of you clean her up, while I clean up Charlie."  I 
guess it was Helen that got drafted to do the job because she 
took the towel and gently wiped the little bits of blood off of 
her sister.  The next thing I knew they were kissing and 
fondeling each other.

"Did I do good," I asked Pam as she came over and kissed my 
lips.

"You did wonderfully," she said grinning before reaching back 
and grabbing the towel to wipe me with.  "But you know what this 
means now.  Now you've got four women that you have to take care 
of."

"I don't think I'll mind, too much," I said grinning before she 
laughed and kissed me as she straddled my legs.

"Oh Charlie, you're wonderful, you know that.   I don't know 
what I would have done if it wasn't for you.  Just you wait till 
it's my turn at this," she said wrappng her fist around my cock 
and giving it a little yank.  "I'll show you how much you mean 
to me."

"And I thought you said you had most of your 'urges' during the 
first months of your pregnancy."

"So, I guess maybe I was wrong," she said grinning.  "Maybe I 
still have a few months ahead of me yet."

"I can't wait," I replied smiling as I wrapped my arms around 
her.

"Well you're going to have to," she said glancing back at Helen 
and Caroline.  "There almost done.  And when they are you should 
take Caroline to your bed and teach her more about men and 
women."

"I think she knows about all there is don't you?"

"Well, that may be true, but it is her day.  Besides don't you 
like making love to her," Pam asked in a whisper at my ear.

"Of course I do," I whispered back before nipping at her ear.  
"It's just occasionally I like to have a fully blossomed woman.  
And I've only had one in a month, and that was only for fifteen 
minutes this morning."

"Well, don't worry," she replied kissing me again.  "We've still 
got another five months.  And from now on, I'm going to be 
sharing your bed.  If that's all right with you."

"That's more than all right Pam.  I'd love it."

"Good," she said smiling before giving me another kiss.  "But 
right now Charlie just remember today is Caroline's, not ours.  
So no matter how much we want to be together today, we've got to 
wait, just for a little while longer.  We've waited this long, 
surely we can wait another day."

"Oh sure, give me a little sip at how good it is, and then say 
we've waited this long...."

"Charlie!  Look, you take Caroline to our bed...it is our bed 
isn't it Charlie?"

"Of course it is."

"All right, you take her to our bed, and you make sure she has 
the best day she can.  I'll be in there to sleep, all right."

"And what are you going to do till then?"

"I do have other children to satisfy Charlie," she said grinning 
at me.  "And I can't be a negligent mother now can I?"

"You?  Never."

"All right," she said sliding off of me, and then giving me 
another kiss.  "You go get Caroline, and I'll see you later."

I went over to where Helen and Caroline were still entangled and 
I tapped Caroline on the shoulder.  When she saw it was me she 
slipped away from Helen in record time.  She slid around giving 
me full access to her center, and without a seconds delay I 
moved over top of her and slid home.

She wrapped her arms and legs around me and I gave her a kiss as 
I raised myself off of the ground telling her "Hold on tight."  
Then when I had her off of the ground enough I slid one of my 
own arms around her back to help support her.

"Where are we going?"

"To bed," I told her walking out of the room and into Pam and my 
bedroom, and spent the next eight hours pleasing an insatiable 
twelve year old.  In fact we were still going at it when Pam 
came into the room closing the door behind her, but now 
completely nude, and slid into the bed with us.

EPILOGUE

After the baby was born and the time for me to leave quickly 
approached, I began to realize how comfortable I'd become in 
this new life.  I mean, after adjusting to the situation, and 
working out a plan to keep all of the women in the house well 
satisfied, it was kind of a hell of a thing just to throw away.  
And besides I loved Pam like no man should love his sister.  So 
after seven months I was still on the farm, and even after 
eight.  Then...

"Is that really how babies are made?" Johnny asked watching as I 
thrust into Helen on her seventeenth birthday.  The question 
puzzled me at first, but I told him "Yes, it is."

Four weeks later I found out the reason for the question, Helen 
was pregnant.  And after Pam and I got through questioning her 
about it, we found out that it was not only my child but it was 
planned, by her.  The only reason that she had for doing it, was 
because she loved me and she wanted to have my child.  It seemed 
Pam couldn't fault her for that.

I didn't enjoy being used that way, but Pam calmed me down until 
I was accepting enough to accept the situation, and the child.  
Another two weeks later, we also found out Pam was pregnant 
aswell.

After that happened there was definitely no turning back for me.  
I decided to stay with Pam, and besides after that there was no 
way I was ever going to leave her or any of "our" kids.

Pam and I and the kids went away for the weekend, and when we 
came back we told everyone that we had gotten married, and since 
everyone around didn't know me, they just accepted it.  We got 
the kids to agree to either call me Charlie, or Dad.  And I was 
touched when Johnny really did call me Dad, even if it was a few 
years afterwards.

But all the kids after him did, Samantha, which is the baby that 
Pam was carrying when I arrived was born on the 11th of 
December, and the baby of mine she carried afterwards, Tanice, 
was born on the 19th of November, and Helen's and my baby, Judy 
was born on the fifth of March.  And I'm happy to say all three 
of them were healthy baby's.  I'm starting to feel glad that 
Johnny will be of age soon, I don't know if I can handle much 
more on my own.

For any of you that think that we held any of the kids back, we 
didn't Shawna went through college, got married and started a 
family of her own.  Helen did too, start a family I mean, after 
she gave me a second Child named Christopher, another boy.  
After that, she fell for one of the farm hands.

Johnny's not quite ready to leave yet, and he say's he's going 
to stay and help with the farm.  I'm happy that he will, but I'm 
not going to hold him to it if he changes his mind.  But the 
farm will be his if he wants it.

Well, that's about all that I'm willing or want to talk about 
for now anyway, so to all of you that enjoyed my story, I hope 
it was as good a time reading it as I had writing it.  Pam's 
waiting to read it too, so I better take it to her.

