Archive-name: Bestial/farm-dig.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Farm Digest - Letters


Letter from Melody and Jim

When  we received your letter asking for experiences relating  to
animal exhibitions, it brought Jim and me back to one of the most
erotic experiences of our lives. To relate this, I must start  at
the beginning:

Donna  and Karl and Jim and I decided to celebrate  Donna's  27th
birthday by spending a week in Havana together (before Castro, of
course). Now Donna, who was (at this time) much bolder and  freer
regarding sex than I, had been to Cuba before, Jim and I had not.
They told us about the fantastic live sex shows and of a  special
show with a beautiful blonde and a Great Dane. When they told  us
this, I was somewhat disgusted but still excited by the  thought.
I had always wanted to be more like Donna and after listening  to
her stories about Havana, I viewed this trip as my chance to  let
go  and  experience  pleasure without the guilt.   Little  did  I
realize the sensual heights to which I would be taken.

Donna,  as is her nature, took over. She made the plans  and  the
reservations for everything: Hotel (two bedroom suite) ait (first
class) and entertainment (as erotic as possible). Then she start-
ed in on my wardrobe which, at this time, was on the conservative
side.  With  her direction, I purchased  clinging  satin  evening
dresses, very reveling swimwear ("to be seen in not swim in") and
underthings  designed  for an overactive libido. I  bought  filmy
bras with holes for my nipples to stick out, sheer lace and  silk
French-cut panties, and cheek exposing shorts and nightwear  that
screamed, "fuck me".

After shopping, we stopped by Donna's to try on our purchases and
have  a drink. While trying on some of the things, Donna  noticed
me  staring between her legs. She was completely shaved.  I  told
her how lovely I thought her pussy looked without hair, the  deep
coral of her vulva standing in bright contrast to her pale  skin.
She  told me that shaving was first Karl's idea and she  was  now
happy  to have agreed, because the shaved pubes had  greatly  en-
hanced her sexual pleasure and intensified her orgasms. She  said
that my husband wanted me to shave but did not know how to broach
the  subject with me. I said, "I'll do it!"  "It will be  a  nice
surprise for Jim and I won't let him see it until our first night
in Havana".  Donna got the shaving supplies while I disrobed.  We
went  into  the  bathroom and I sat on the edge of  the  tub  and
spread my legs for her. She began by clipping my pubic hair  with
a small scissors and then lathering me up for the razor.

This was the first time that I had ever been touched so intimate-
ly by another woman. At the start, I could feel an orgasm  build-
ing  deep within me and by the time she applied a  soothing  aloe
gel between my legs I was whimpering with passion. When she said,
"you  have  a very beautiful pussy", and ran her tongue  up  it's
length to my clitoris, I came with a soft shudder.

She  told me that this was just the beginning and that this  trip
would  open  doors of pleasure that I could not even  imagine.  I
could only wonder how anything could feel better that what I  had
just felt.

Our flight departed at 7:30 in the morning so we really needed  a
good  nights sleep so it was easy to keep from Jim  the  hairless
surprise  between my legs. On the way to the airport Donna and  I
laughed and discussed "Jim's surprise" and how much he was  going
to  enjoy it. When he asked, I told him that I couldn't tell  him
what  it was, that I would have to show him; he asked if I  could
show  him on the plane and we joked and laughed about this  until
we boarded our flight.

I  had worn a very short black leather skirt that showed  off  my
legs all of the way up and I found myself enjoying very much  the
glances  that  I was getting at the airport. Donna and  Karl  sat
across from us and the first thing that they did was cover  their
laps  with a blanket and snuggle and stroke each other.   Between
watching  them  and seeing the other men looking  at  my  thighs,
which I had spread slightly, I was turning on. After two  drinks,
I asked Jim if he would like to feel, at least, his surprise.  Of
course he said "yes".

I told him to get a blanket from the overhead bin and to cover us
and pretend that we were asleep. We moved the seat backs down and
lifted the arm rest. I then took Jim's hand and placed it between
my  thighs and guided his fingers under my panties to  my  smooth
mound and pussy which was wet with desire.

As  soon  as  he touched me, he opened his eyes  and  smiled  the
biggest  smile possible. I reached between his legs  and  lightly
grasped his erection. He leaned over and whispered, "I can't wait
to  stick  my  tongue in you and suck your pussy  and  your  hard
little cIit!"

I put my mouth on his ear and licked inside and said, "I'm  going
to  shave your balls and suck you until you shoot your hot  juicy
come  into  my  mouth!" I had never ever said  things  like  this
before and I think I shocked myself more than Jim.  I could  feel
his hardness grow and throb in my fingers and I said that we  had
better  quit before we wasted an orgasm. By the time  we  reached
our  hotel,  I was both in a state of high  excitement  and  very
tired.

After  we had unpacked, I decided to lie down for a few hours.  I
knew that the night would be a long one and I wanted to be fresh.
We  agreed  to  meet at the hotel's poolside cafe  for  an  early
dinner, before leaving for the "Show Erotique" at Smoker's  Club.
I  slept  for over six hours and then got up quite  refreshed!  I
took a shower and dressed in one of my new outfits: White  nylons
&  garters, French-cut silk lined lace panties, a sheer bra  with
cutouts for my nipples and a white lace, scooped-neck dress  with
a high slit up each side.

The  bra  cutouts had elastic around them and  they  squeezed  my
nipples outward so that by rubbing against the silk lining of  my
dress,  they  stayed hard and the tight panties against  my  bare
slit had my clitoris more sensitive than usual. As I walked  down
toward  the  pool  area, I almost came  just  from  the  movement
against  my clothes. I suspected that Donna knew the effect  this
would have on me when she chose this outfit.

My  group was sitting at a table with one of the  most  beautiful
women  I had ever seen. Her blonde hair was cut in a short  pixie
style and her jade green silk dress set off her large blue  eyes.
She  had  a perfect mouth and large firm breasts  and  her  large
nipples were visible through the material of her dress. Her  slim
legs  were  perfectly tanned and perfect in every  way.  She  was
introduced to me as Ilse, a friend of Donna and Karl.

She  told me that I looked lovely and complimented me on my  out-
fit.  The five of us ordered dinner and discussed our  plans  for
the evening. I asked Ilse if she had ever seen the show at  Smok-
er's and she laughed and said, "many times". "I believe that  you
will  find it quite exciting". She then excused herself,  stating
that she had to get ready. She kissed me good-by on my cheek  and
just  the touch of her lips and her scent made my vulva  contract
and moisten.

I  don't  know,really, what I expected Smoker's Club  to  be  but
certainly  not what I found. Smoker's was a walled mansion  about
15  miles outside of Havana on the Gulf. Guards at the gate  took
our  invations (tickets) and checked our names off of their  list
and let us through. This was couples night and we were led into a
large  room  that looked as though it could seat  200  people  on
large curved couches around a raised stage.

Because there were only about 75 couples there, we had plenty  of
room.  Donna and Karl were seated to one side of us and an  older
(40's) German couple on the other side.  While drinks were  being
served,  the  German couple introduced themselves as  Albert  and
Martha.  She said that they were seeing the show for  the  fourth
time  and that it was the most exciting thing that she  had  ever
seen and that she was getting very wet just thinking about it.

She was wearing a low cut dress that matched the deep blue couch-
es  and  it was hiked up reveling her thighs above  her  stocking
tops. Her husband was stroking her thighs and running his hand up
in between her legs. Jim whispered to me that their foreplay  was
giving him a hard-on and placed my hand on his cock to prove it.

Just  then, the house lights dimmed and two voices, one male  and
the  other  female, began to address us: "Good  evening  lovers!"
"Welcome  to what could prove to be the most sensual  and  erotic
night  of  your lives!" Then the women's  voice:  "Ladies,  allow
yourselves  to relax!'  "Let yourselves be enfolded in  pleasure,
like the soft flesh that enfolds the clitoris!"  "Our first foray
into  this world of pleasure is before you now!"  "It  is  called
Awakening!"

The stage lights came up to show a young girls bedroom; all white
and lacy with loads of stuffed animals. On the bed were two young
girls.  As  they began giggling over a sex magazine,  I  snuggled
closer to Jim and put his arm around my shoulder and his hand  on
my  breast. The touch of his fingers on my exposed,  and  already
hard nipple, caused a most wonderful feeling deep inside of me.

The  girls  on stage were in tiny Baby Doll's  and  were  talking
about  how much they wanted to make love.  They took out  a  very
large  dildo  and talked about how good it would feel  inside  of
them.  They then began kissing and fondling and  undressing  each
other. When Jim and I saw that both of the girls were shaved,  we
smiled  knowingly  at  each other. Each of  the  girls  had  firm
breasts,  with  cute up turned nipples. As they  began  fingering
each  other and sucking each other's breasts, I glanced  over  at
Martha  who had pulled down the top of her dress and was  pulling
on her own nipples, while her husband was rubbing her between her
legs.  On the other side of me, Karl was sucking on Donna's  nip-
ples. I felt enveloped by sex.

When  the girls on stage got into position to lick each other,  I
slipped off my panties and placed Jim's hand between my legs.  He
touched me just lightly enough to cause quick plant-like contrac-
tions of my moist vulva. Every couple in the place were caressing
and fondling each other. On stage, a boy of about eighteen joined
the  girls on the bed; they undressed him, to much  giggling,  to
show a very large and hard penis.

They both began sucking and licking this beautiful organ. One  of
the  girls licked his ass and eased her index finger up into  it.
He moaned and told her how good it felt. By this time, Donna  had
Karl's  erection  out and was slowly stroking the head  with  her
fingers.  I told Jim that I wanted to make love right there,  but
he said,"No, lets wait!'  "The best is yet to come!' The boy then
placed himself between one of the girls legs and eased into  her.
The  other  girl  sucked on her friends nipples,  while  the  boy
slowly  pumped  in  and  out. The second  girl  then  rubbed  and
squeezed his balls and licked his ass. I was so hot that I almost
passed out!

The  boy  then removed himself from the girls soft  wetness;  his
shaft was all slick and shiny with her juices. He then positioned
her on her knees and entered her bald slit from behind. The other
girl  got  underneath them and placed her mouth on  her  friend's
cock-filled  pussy. The boy stopped his movements long enough  to
insert  the  dildo into his lover's asshole. She cried  out,  "Oh
yes!"  "Fuck me, please fuck me!"  "I want to come!'

At  this,  his  movements became faster, until  he  withdrew  his
spurting  member  and allowed the girl under them  to  taste  his
creamy  outpouring. His considerable output overflowed her  mouth
and  ran down her chin and cheeks.  He continued to pump  himself
with his hand and shot another full load on her shaved mound  and
vulva. The other girl then licked and sucked this delicious  male
essence  from  her lips and mouth and pussy, before  sucking  the
last dregs from the boy's softening penis.

I  stuck my tongue into Jim's ear and told him that I wanted  him
to come in my mouth. He kissed me deeply and plunged two  fingers
into  my sopping wet pussy. He said, "I want to taste you!' As  I
looked  toward Donna and saw that Karl was on his  knees  between
her legs, licking her, Jim gently inserted his index finger  into
my anus. I had never let him do this before. Now, I wondered why;
it  felt so good and I was delirious with passion. I had  already
come several times, during the show, and this was just the begin-
ning.

This  act, before the main show, was followed by three others:  A
women  with  four men; a very heavy woman with two  midgets;  and
five  women with the "Superman of Cuba", a tall, thin  man,  with
the  largest penis I had ever seen or heard about. It reached  to
just  above his knee. At this point, the entire audience  was  in
the throes of passion. The woman in front of us had straddled her
husband  (or  date) and was looking right into my  eyes,  as  she
moved on his penis and said, "Oh God I wish I had two in me!"

The  stage  was  again dark, as was the room.   A  women's  voice
described  the coming scene:  "What you are about to see, is  the
reason  that  you  are all here this night!'   "In  other  times,
people  believed  that the souls of men, after  their  death,  in
certain  instances, passed into the bodies of  certain  animals!'
"Is  this true?"  "You be the judge!'  "When the lights came  up,
the  woman, that you'll see before you, will have  just  received
notice that her lover was killed in battle!'  "Before leaving for
the war, he told her that should he die, she should look to their
dog  for a sign of their love and that his soul still lived!'  My
heart  was  pounding so hard, at this point, that I was  sure  it
could be heard across the room.

Then,  the  stage was bathed in light. And there,  sitting  on  a
brass  bed  with a huge tan Great Dane at  her  feet,  was.......
Ilse!  Donna smiled at me and said, "Surprise!"  Well,  I  surely
was.  Ilse  was wearing only a white bustier, that  uplifted  her
breasts  and exposed her large pink nipples.  She was  reading  a
letter  and  saying to the dog, "Oh Casare, if only  I  could  be
sure!'  She then sat on the edge of the bed and spread her  legs,
giving  us  a view of her hairless sex; the lips  of  her  vulva,
rosette and full, like deep pink camellias, already wet,  showing
the paler interior bud.  With this, the dog, who acted more human
than  animal, got up and began licking between Ilse's  legs.  She
moaned,  "Yes Casare it is you!"  "That's it!'  "Suck my  pussy!'
"Make me come!"

When she called the dog upon the bed and placed him on his
back and began, lazily and slowly, stroking that huge,  blood-red
dog  penis, I had an orgasm that left me weak. The  Great  Dane's
penis, when fully exposed, was very large (it looked to be  about
12  inches long) and glistening and the knot formed by  his  come
filled  balls  was about the size of a large  orange.   The  most
lascivious  and  exciting thing, that I had ever seen,  was  when
Ilse  leaned over and licked and sucked that big red animal  cock
that was already dripping come from the tip.

She  opened  her mouth and placed the dripping cock-head  on  her
tongue while slowly moving both of her palms along the shaft.  At
that moment, all that I wanted was a dog dick in my mouth and  in
my pussy and even in my ass.  When Casare flooded her mouth  with
his  semen  and  she let it bubble over her lips  and  chin,  the
sensuality  in the room was so thick that we could  almost  taste
it.  Ilse  then swung her leg over the dog, straddling  him,  and
placed his still hard member in her.  With her head hanging  down
and  doggie come still dripping and hanging in tendrils from  her
mouth,  she  told Casare (and us) how good it felt  to  have  him
inside of her.

She then slipped off and we got another look at Casare's  beauti-
ful  penis,  which seemed to have gotten bigger while  inside  of
Ilse.  She  removed her bustier, and positioned  herself  on  her
knees,  so  that the dog could enter her "doggie style".  Like  a
man,  the  dog gently wrapped his front paws around  Ilse's  back
and, with help from her hand, eased into her wet pink slit. As he
pumped  her faster and faster, she begged him to come.  "Fuck  me
Casare!" "That's it, oh yes I feel your come!'  "Oh I love it!"

Language is inadequate to describe what I felt, when Ilse  pulled
away  from  Casare's penis, rolled on her back, grasped  his  wet
organ,  urged  him toward her face and began sucking,  with  loud
slurping  sounds, his cock. We could, also, clearly see the  come
running  out of her and down her slender thighs.  For  this,  the
language of the senses is required; that which only captures what
the body feels.

Ilse  then  pulled Casare down and again  placed  that  wonderful
piece of hard flesh inside of her. She crossed her legs above his
haunches  and  while he, like a human male, remained  still,  she
moved her pelvis very slowly up and down and around his penis.  I
could not understand how, after coming twice, copiously, the  dog
was  able  to  stay erect. We had a very good  view  of  Casare's
bright red penis, being held in Ilse's sheath of pink wet  flesh,
the  lips clinging as it was slowly withdrawn and pushed  inward.
She  talked  to the dog, as if they were long  time  lovers.  She
reached  between  them and held the shaft in her  tiny  hand  and
murmured,  "Oh Casare I want you to come on my nipples just  like
before!'  "I know how much you like that!'

"Come,  come Casare"  "Oh please, give me your come"  "I want  to
taste  you again", Ilse said, just before her urging hand  caused
the dog to spurt his third load upon her breasts.  She milked the
dregs  from  the dog's penis and, as he rolled off  of  her,  she
looked  right  at  me, as she smiled and held  her  come  covered
breast  to her mouth and licked all around her nipple.  The  last
sight  of her, before the stage lights went dark, that I had  was
of her smiling eyes locked onto mine and her full lips glistening
with come.

Before the house lights came up, Donna took my hand, leaned  over
toward me and asked, "How do you feel?"  I squeezed her hand  and
told  her  that all that I could think about was getting  a  cock
(human  of otherwise) in me.  She smiled and said,  "The  party's
not over, yet!' As we prepared to leave, one of the ushers  asked
us to follow him. He led us out a side door and up a large  curv-
ing  staircase,  into a large sitting room.  He seated  us  on  a
white,  nubby  cotton couch, that ran the entire  length  of  the
wall.

In front of us, were three large round glass coffee tables,  upon
which  were pitchers of tropical drinks and a wide assortment  of
cold fresh fruit. Our guide left us to the food and drink and our
thoughts. I could hear a shower running and I asked Donna what we
were  doing  there. She replied,  somewhat  cryptically,  "You'll
see!'  Just then, to my joy and surprise, from French doors  that
opened  to another room, Ilse, wearing only a red silk robe  that
reached to mid-thigh, entered with Casare.  Both were fresh  from
a  shower and slightly damp. She laughed and greeted us and  said
to  me, "So, Melody, did you enjoy what you saw?"  "How  did  you
like my Casare?"

I  was speechless for a moment, before blurting out that  it  was
the  most exciting thing that I had ever seen, and, that I  loved
the  sight of Casare's hard penis in her and in her  mouth.   "No
need to be ashamed, Melody", she said, "Many women have felt this
way about this great animal". Then, with the word, "Go!" she sent
him  to me. He sat in front of me and gave me his paw  to  shake.
Ilse  came  over and stood beside him and petted his  head.  They
both smelled of expensive soap and cologne. She patted her  chest
and  said, "Up boy", and the dog was standing on his  hind  legs,
with his front paws resting on Ilse's shoulder's.

Standing that way, the dog was a head taller than Ilse. I gasped,
when  I saw that his penis and exposed knot were still  erect.  I
could  not  believe that he could remain so  hard,  after  coming
three times and I said so. Ilse said that he was well trained and
could come more that a half dozen times in a single day. I barely
heard what she was saying; my heart was pounding in my ears, from
the  closeness of that red pointed doggie penis that I could  not
take my eyes off and that held a drop of fluid at the tip.

Ilse  asked me if I wanted to touch it and I did. It was wet  and
very hot to the touch. I don't know what came over me, but I  got
down  on the floor and licked the pre-come from the tip  of  that
hot  dog cock. The next thing that I remember, is Donna and  Karl
sucking on my nipples and Ilse rubbing the dog's huge penis on my
clitoris and down the wet lips of my vulva. My husband was strok-
ing  his  beautiful erection over my face and asking  me  if  "it
feels good!'

They then placed me on my knees, with my butt up and Ilse  licked
between  my  legs and then placed that dog penis in me.  It  felt
even hotter inside of me, than in my hand. He was so large and  I
was  so open and wet, that with his first thrust, I felt the  tip
of that cock touch my womb. I was coming, from the first  contact
of  my soft flesh with that cock.  He pumped faster  and  faster,
rubbing  my  clit with every stroke. The dog came, in  what  felt
like, torrents of hot come splashing against my womb and  running
out of my pussy and down my thighs.

Ilse removed him from me and I rolled over on my back and felt my
pussy  filled to overflowing with come. Ilse said, as she  gently
stroked  his still hard penis, "See, he has still more  come  for
you!'   With  this, she brought him up to my face.  I  opened  my
mouth, for at that moment, I wanted
nothing more than to suck on that big come covered dog cock. llse
continued to stroke him, while I sucked him as deeply as I could.
Ilse  was  saying, "Taste him!'  "He loves a mouth to  come  in!'
"Suck  my  lover's cock!'  He wants to give you more of  his  hot
juicy come!"

Just  then,  the dog panted and filled my mouth to  over  flowing
with his essence. Donna said, "I want to taste it", and stuck her
tongue  into  my mouth and licked the dog's come from  inside  my
mouth  and from where it ran down my cheeks and chin.  It  tasted
like  salty honey which, as I found out later, was the result  of
Ilse's special diet for him.

Ilse then led the dog into another room and Donna and Karl  began
sucking on my breasts and nipples. I asked them to stop and  told
them  that I could not come anymore. Jim said, "That's  what  you
think",  as  he began licking and sucking my come  filled  pussy.
While  he  did this, he inserted his finger in my bottom.  I  had
never  let him do that before; I never realized how wonderful  it
felt.  Karl  then placed me on top of him and plunged  his  penis
into me. It did not reach as deeply as the dog's, but felt great,
none the less. My husband, to my surprise, then gently eased  his
cock into my ass. I had thought about this act before and  always
thought that it would be painful. I was wrong!

It was beautiful.  I pushed both ways trying to get the two cocks
deeper  within me. I could feel the two of them rubbing  together
through the thin membrane separating them. The feeling was  deli-
cious  and  I had seven shuddering orgasms, as  these  two  cocks
buried deep within me, spurted and flooded my insides with thick,
hot come. At this point, I was euphoric and quite beyond  satura-
tion.

We  did  not  see Ilse again.  When we said  our  good-byes  that
night,  we thought that there would be other nights like  it.  We
were dead wrong.  After Castro, Cuba ceased to be a place of joy.
I have not been with a dog since, but for Donna and Karl and  Jim
and  me, that night has become our personal aphrodisiac, and,  in
the  remembering  and the re-telling of the experience,  we  have
enjoyed  many  times, of frenzied fulfillment  with  each  other.
Perhaps,  you could join us for one of our "Remember  Ilse"  par-
ties. I promise that you would
not go home unhappy.

Much love, Melody & Jim

Reprinted from the Fall Issue of "The Wild Animal Revue" a publi-
cation  devoted  to the "Beauty and the Beast"  theme  from  Farm
News,  P.O. Box 608039, Orlando, FL 32860. Send SSAE for  details
on obtaining this publication.


Letters to the Editor

Editors Note: We screen the letters carefully in order to present
what  appears to be a true experience. Only the writer knows  for
sure. We have rejected a large number which do not have the  ring
of  truth, at least to our ears. The following were sent  in  re-
cently and we believe you will enjoy them.

                      Letter from Texas

Dear Editor,

A  long time ago when I was a kid, me and my buddy used  to  take
rides out in the country on my horse. "Chucha" was a skinny,  run
of  the mill mare, that I think, also liked to go to the  country
and  munch on the scarce grass in this part of  Southwest  Texas.
We, my buddy and I, especially had two favorite places to  visit.
One was about two miles outside the city limits, a cow pond.  The
other  was  the Rio Grande about one mile away. During  the  week
we'd go to the river so "Chucha" could eat grass while we  skinny
dipped the river and enjoyed ourselves. On these outings we saw a
lot  of hanky panky going on, couples copulating or  skinny  dip-
ping,  and  even homo acts, all from our hiding places.  But  one
time, at the cow pond, we saw something new and perplexing to us.
We  were then about 10 years old and of course didn't know  about
people having sex with animals.

As  usual  on  Saturday, we roamed the country  on  "Chucha".  No
saddle,  two  astride, back bone jabbing  our.perineum,  glad  to
reach  the cow pond and change roles from "Indian Chiefs  on  the
warpath"  to "Tarzan". But this time it turned out different.  We
tied "Chucha" at the fence by a shade tree where there was  grass
and  proceeded across the fence towards the pond, about  a  block
away. Cautious, as always, 'cause we were trespassing, we made it
to  the  pond  and started to disrobe to cool off  in  the  pond.
Suddenly we heard voices, girlish voices.

We  hid  in the foliage and soon there appeared two  girls  on  a
horse, one about 14, the little one about 12. They dismounted and
let the horse drink. They were chattering back and forth, but  we
couldn't make the words. We were scared to be discovered, because
they  were  probably the owner's daughters. We  decided  to  keep
still and hidden, sweat pouring out.

The  big girl took her boots off and rolled her trouser  legs  up
some  to sample the water. They said something to each other  and
the  little one took her boots off, and then her shirt (no  bra),
then  slid  her trousers off and stood up in panties  only.  Holy
Cow!  What a delicious morsel! There was more. Balancing  on  one
leg,  she  reached and yanked her panties off and jumped  in  the
water.

We decided to crawl closer to get a better view. Hearts pounding,
we  got close enough to see everything and hear some  words.  The
older girl slid her trousers and panties off, then her blouse and
bra  and  stood  up. Jesus Christ! What a  sight!  Proper  little
breasts sticking out. She folded her clothes, then turned  around
to place them in a neat little pile. What a gorgeous little butt!
Our hands were somewhere between our legs-of there own volition I
presume.

She  joined the little one in the water and were having  a  great
time.  At one time the little one squeezed the others breast  and
the  big one reached for somewhere under water. Just then,  their
horse started to be restless and shifted and pawed the ground.

"Oh look" the little one shouted! We looked too! The horse had  a
quivering  hard on, displaying about two feet or more. The  girls
guffawed the spectacle. "Look Janey! Look!" The horse was  sniff-
ing the air, nostrils flared, and looking the direction where  my
mare was tied. "What's got into you, eh"? They walked out to  pet
the horse, trying to calm it.

The horse kept on pawing and sniffing the air. While petting  the
horse  they unconsciously assumed several poses. We were  treated
to  a  display of feminine charms this side of heaven. To  be  in
heaven all we needed was a heart attack. To get a better look  at
the  horse's  penis, the little one squatted down,  splaying  her
legs.  She was facing us and we were facing "it". Such  a  little
beauty  for a ten year old boy to behold! Sweat was beaded on  us
like marbles!

The horse was getting restless. They were talking, but we  could-
n't hear the gist of it, just a word now and then. They continued
to pet the horse and the horse wouldn't settle down. But now, the
big girl, standing up, was crossing her legs at the hip, like  as
if  she  was holding something between them. Both  of  them  were
blushing a terrible scarlet. The little one had temporarily  been
shielded  by  the big girl from our sight. Just for  an  instant,
when  we  saw her again, she was rubbing  her  cunny  vigorously.
Seeing this industry in the little girls part, the big one did it
too. They were being carried away royally!

Something possessed them, then, acting as if one, simultaneously,
they  grabbed the horses penis with both hands and  proceeded  to
jerk it up and down hard! They were oblivious of being stepped on
or  trampled  down, it seemed to us. I think that  we  were  more
chicken  just watching. The horse's penis was now stretched  full
out,  maybe 30 inches. Wild eyed, huffing and puffing, the  girls
were  jerkin'  like they were afraid to let go.  Then  spurts  of
gooey  stuff shot out every which way! Some got on  their  hands,
too.  The  penis  started to go soft. The  girls,  laughing  like
maniacs, washed their hands in the pond, squatting down where  we
saw right between their legs, all puffed apart and glistening wet
and red!

They  sat  in the shade giggling, The little one spread  out  her
legs  and rubbed her cunny, seemed to us that she was  displaying
to  the  big one. Their horse now started up  again,  pawing  and
sniffing the air, then let go with a neigh and we heard a  return
whinney from our mare.

The  girls  jumped up, in a hurry put their clothes  on,  crammed
their muddy feet in their boots, attempted to direct their  horse
in a certain direction, the horse wanted to go towards our  mare.
They  hit it with a stick, the horse kicked back.  After  getting
away  about 50 feet, we too put our clothes on, shoes, and  skid-
daddled out of there! All excited we talked about our  experience
all  the way home, periodically looking back, expecting to see  a
horny  stallion  gaining on us. We made plans to come  back  next
week  but we never saw them again. This happened in 1946  on  the
outskirts of Laredo, Texas. I'm male, 54, Chicano.


Letter from Ginger

When  I  was 16, we lived out in the country and  my  dad  raised
quarter  horses and I used to hide and watch them, I also  had  a
collie. My brother was the one who turned me on to this, he  took
me out and showed me a stud horse putting it to a mare. I was  so
turned on thinking about how his big dick must feel to that mare!
My brother took my cherry, I think he set this up just to get  me
horny so I would let him do it. Anyway, after this I used to  spy
on  the  horses and watch for the stud to do his thing.  One  day
when  I  was  watching the horses and playing  with  myself,  the
collie  came up and started licking me, it felt so good. When  he
stopped, I was so turned on and the dog's dick was sticking  out.
I finally got him on top of me with some of him in me and it felt
good,  but  I never did get him to give it to me. I  have  always
wanted to try a big dog ever since.


Letter from Malton

You  asked about experiences concerning donkey exhibitions  so  I
will  tell you mine, although it was a long time ago, the  memory
of  it is burned in my brain in an indelible way, I still  get  a
hard on when I think about it even though it happened over  fifty
years ago.

My first experience with an animal/girl sex show I saw when I was
a boy of sixteen at a Carnival side show in my old home town.  It
was  out  front a girly show which cost 50 cents to  see,  inside
three  girls did a poorly done strip, never showing anything.  We
guys were next hustled for another 50 cents to see more and  most
of  us  paid and stayed, this time the three  girls  finally  got
topless,  then  came  another 50 cents hustle, and a  few  of  us
stayed  and  got to see the three girls get naked.  Then  came  a
$2.00 hustle to see the sex show, only about 6 or 7 of us paid to
stay.

We  were taken behind a canvas curtain, and stood behind  a  rope
fence.  There  we  saw a rack or frame, which was  made  for  the
donkey  (Actually  a burro, but I didn't know what  a  burro  was
then)  to service a woman upon. The rack was made so  the  donkey
couldn't  thrust forward, his hind legs were up against  a  frame
which inhibited his movements. It kind of looked like the  sketch
below from a side view.

The  top of the high part on the left was padded and the  donkeys
front legs were over it. His rear legs were restrained by the low
frame to the right of the sketch. This was set up so that a woman
could lie under the burro, on the  reclined part of the rack, her
head  on  the pad. It was set up so that she fucked  the  donkey,
rather than him fucking her.

OK,  on with the show! A girl came into the show area from  some-
where  off  to the side, wearing high heels and a robe.  She  had
black hair, and was nice looking, probably Mexican. She took  off
the  robe  and paraded around, completely nude,  except  for  the
heels.  She then went out and brought in the burro. She  got  him
quite easily up on the frame, and tied his lead rope to the  ring
shown in the sketch. She stood on the other side, and using  both
hands  got  the burro's cock out and worked it up  hard.  It  was
about 12 inches long and maybe 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 inches in diameter.
She  then got down under the animal, on the padded part, and  got
out some kind of lubricant, which she used to lubricate both  her
pussy  and the donkey's cock. The donkey never made any  sign  of
movement,  or of being sexed up, except for the big hard on.  She
then  slid further under him and with her legs up, got  her  self
positioned and sunk the head of his cock in her. She then started
a rocking motion, taking more of him on each stroke until she was
getting about 2/3 of it. With the exception of her low talking in
Spanish ( I believe directed to the Burro), you could have  heard
a pin drop.

She  was starting to breath hard, and was moving her hips  faster
and  faster,  if she wasn't enjoying it, she was  putting  on  an
incredible act! We 6 or 7 watching were guiltily shifting around,
trying  to  get  a better look at the  black  haired  pussy,  all
stretched  open by the big pole sticking out of the  donkey.  She
kept this motion up for some time, gradually increasing the speed
and length of her strokes until she was getting almost all of  it
inside.  Then  as she started moving her hips more  rapidly,  the
donkey made his first real move, he hunched , she let out a  loud
moan  and cum squirted out around his cock. She let go of it  and
it  came out, along with about a cupful of cum. We saw  that  the
end of it had grown to about 3 inches in diameter. If she  didn't
come  it was a very good fake. Then a canvas curtain  was  pulled
across, ending the show.

We  were then escorted out the back of the tent, through a  flap,
rather than out the front where we came in. I found out the  show
was  only given at the end of each nights performance, and I  had
just  lucked  out by going to the last show. I went to  two  more
shows, but since it was a 5 day Carnival, and I didn't start till
the  third  day, that's all I got to see. I have jacked  off  for
years over what I saw those three nights!


Letter from Illinois

This  is the story of how my now deceased wife, Anita,  got  into
animal sex. She, like me, was born on an old style farm which had
all  the usual farm animals, dogs, cats, cows, horses,  sometimes
even goats and sheep. She became sexually active at an early age,
five or six, and always got some level of sexual excitement  from
seeing  the  animals breed. Anita found seeing the  horses  breed
intensely  arousing.  By  the time she was 11 or  so,  she  would
always,  when possible, hide in a portion of the barn  where  she
could  peek  at her father breeding horses. This was  up  in  the
loft, where she could see out through the large gaps between  the
boards.  While watching, she would almost always play  with  her-
self, rubbing her breasts and her young snatch, with it's budding
bush  of  black  hair. As time went on, she  would  use  selected
vegetables, carrots, young sweet corn, and even some small cucum-
bers.

As time went on she got her routine down to where she usually got
naked,  while  watching  at her #1  perch,  usually  placing  her
clothes  on a bale of hay, upon which she would kneel  while  she
watched the horse breeding and did herself.When she was 13 or 14,
things  really picked up because her father was now a well  known
breeder, and a steady stream of mares were brought in for the big
stud  to service. She now had a lot more times to watch, get  hot
and have a nice come. Up to this time she had never ever sexually
played with a dog, even though her father had a Border Collie  as
a cattle dog.

On  this one afternoon, for some reason, the collie had  come  up
the stairs to the loft area while she was naked, up on her knees,
masturbating  and  watching the prize stud, Big Tom breed  a  hot
mare. The dog came up behind her and started licking her cunt and
exposed  ass, and she went off almost as soon as he started,  and
had  a  super orgasm, better than it had ever  been  before.  She
thought  this was really good, and maybe she could get him to  do
it again, and maybe even fuck her.

She  then started a program to work on this, and to get  as  much
sex as possible out of the dog, with the ultimate goal of getting
him to fuck her.


Letter from "M"

I promised to tell you about my first experience, so here it  is.
Soon after I got married my husband and I talked about my fantasy
about  being  gang  banged by two guys with big  cocks  while  he
watched. This was just a fantasy, but it always got me all hot to
talk  about  it.  My birthday came along and Bob said  he  had  a
surprise for me. The night came, which was a Friday, and he  said
that  we were going out to dinner. On the way he said he had  one
business stop to make, so we stopped at this house. When we  went
in,  some guy I didn't know said for us to sit on the  couch,  he
would be right back.

As  we  were browsing through a book, we heard  "Surprise!",  and
turned, and two guys, naked with big hard ons, stood in the  door
way.  I  looked at Bob, he had a big grin and said,"This  is  the
birthday  surprise we talked about". Before I knew it,  the  guys
took  me in the bedroom and stripped me naked, then both  fondled
my tits, getting me hot and my cunt juicy. They took turns  lick-
ing  my  cunt.  Then my legs were spread wide open  and  one  guy
crawled  in the saddle, burying his cock in me, while  the  other
knelt near my head and fed me his cock. I looked over at Bob  and
he  was  naked  with a 9 inch hard on. The two  guys  took  turns
fucking me.

Then  they piled up some big pillows on the floor and had me  lay
on them, up on my knees with my ass up in the air. Bob and one of
the  guys held me down, the other guy was behind and I heard  the
door  open. It was a very large dog! He came over and I felt  his
wet  nose against my cunt, and he began to lick my cunt and  ass,
and before I knew it, he was up on my back, he had a big hard  on
and was trying to get his cock in me. One of the guys helped  the
dog by spreading my open my cunt lips and guiding the dog's  cock
into my cunt.

His  long wet cock was deep in me. I don't recall how long I  was
fucked,  but  just as he came, his knot swelled up, and  he  came
like  someone had stuck a water pistol up in my cunt  and  pulled
the trigger. He was so large that I thought he was going to split
the  partition of skin between my cunt and asshole. The  dog  was
held  with his cock in me for several minutes, and for the  first
part of it the knot got even bigger. It hurt, but it was a sweet,
sweet kind of pain. Then he finally got small enough to pull  out
without killing me, and they let him off. The guys asked me if  I
liked it, what could I say, I loved it!


Letter to the Editor from Joan

Dear Revue,

     When  I was 14, one of my girl friends, Cynthia, who  was  a
year  older than me, told me that one of the women in our  neigh-
borhood was having sex with her dog. She wouldn't tell me how she
knew, and since I was just at the age where I was getting excited
every time I got my mind on sex, I just couldn't get this out  of
my  mind.  I was playing with myself regularly by now,  so  every
night,  in  bed under the covers, I  masturbated  and  fantasized
about this.

     I  kept pestering Cynthia to tell me about it, but she  said
it  was disgusting and wouldn't talk about it. This only made  me
all the more curious. One day we were playing in the attic of her
house  and we got to talking about sex and got around to  showing
each  other  our pussies. We started playing with  ourselves  and
when Cynthia got all aroused she told me about Mrs. Smith and her
dog.

     Mrs.  Smith lived on our street, and took care of  her  hus-
band,  who  was crippled and used a wheel chair. They had  a  big
dog, he was part Sheppard and probably weighed 80 or 90 lbs.  She
walked  the dog fairly regularly, and I had seen them before  but
at the time I hadn't even imagined anything like that was  possi-
ble, let alone happening

     Their  house  had a big two car garage next to it,  with  an
attic above for storage. Cynthia lived close to them and when she
was younger used to go up into the garage attic to play. Now that
she  was older, she would still go there to be by herself,  espe-
cially if she wanted to masturbate during the daytime.

     Cynthia  said this one time she was in the attic  when  Mrs.
Smith  took  the  dog for a walk, and when they  came  back,  she
brought the dog in the garage and shut the doors. Cynthia  didn't
want the lady to know she was up there, so she just stayed quiet,
thinking  the woman would leave pretty quickly. She  stayed  real
quiet and watched through a large crack between the floor boards.
She said Mrs. Smith had sex with the dog. I begged her to tell me
about  it, but she said it would be easier to just go watch  her.
We agreed to do it the next day. I almost wore my pussy out  that
night, thinking about it while I played with it.

     The next day, it was in the summer, we watched and right  on
schedule  she took the dog for his walk. We got up in the  garage
attic  and  got ourselves good knot holes in the floor  to  watch
through.  Mrs.  Smith  came in the garage, shut  the  doors,  and
petted the dog and talked to him a little bit. Then she took  her
panties off and let the dog sniff them. He seemed to get  excited
and started to run around her and try to jump up on her.

     Then she pulled her skirt up above her waist, sat down in  a
lawn  chair  and  spread her legs. The dog  started  licking  her
between  the legs and she started to moan and buck her hips.  She
had to hold the dog back by his collar because he kept trying  to
get  up  on her. Then she got off the chair and got down  on  her
knees  on the floor, and the dog mounted her.We couldn't see  his
dick,  because we were above and to the side of them, but he  was
really  pounding her. She was whimpering and moaning. He  finally
came and stopped and they just stayed like that, the dog  panting
and her whimpering. Then he pulled out and she screamed. We got a
good  look at his dick, no wonder she screamed, the knot  at  the
base of his cock must have been as big as an orange, and she  was
hung  up with that in there. I think she usually let the knot  go
down before he pulled out but something spooked him and he pulled
out early.

     About  this  time her husband called, I think he  heard  her
scream,  and she told him she was OK, she had just seen a  mouse.
She  then played with the dog's dick, jacking him, I guess  until
he went limp, although we couldn't see it, she was along side  of
him with her hand under him. We were both so hot we  masturbated,
facing  each  other,  and holding hands. We  watched  Mrs.  Smith
regularly  the rest of the summer. Then we started to  school  in
the fall, got interested in boys etc. and never did it again.  To
this day, though, I still get my biggest and best orgasm, when  I
masturbate and think about Mrs. Smith and her dog and that  beau-
tiful red dog dick with the huge knot, and how she screamed  when
he pulled it out of her.


--
