The Farmer's Step-Daughter

Downloaded From: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321 1200/2400

Smiling at his young step-daughter as she walked across the room,
Jim could tell immediately that the evening had been a
disappointment to her. He had seen that look on her face before,
usually after dates with Chuck. He looked up and down her
attractive body, assuming correctly from the wrinkled nature of
her dress that there had at least been some rather exciting
foreplay.

"Hi!", he said warmly. "My you look lovely in that dress, you
don't wear it much anymore."

Mink smiled back at her handsome step-father. "Well, I don't wear
any of them often enough to justify having as many as you've
bought me, but I do like this one alot." She reached behind her
to unzip it and began sliding the thin straps from her shoulders.

"No, wait. Let me see you in it a moment longer. Its really very
good for you. Turn around slowly."

Mink grinned broadly. Jim made her feel so good about herself.
Putting her hands on her hips she turned gracefully just in front
of him, moving around slowly, letting him see her from all
angles. She knew the zipper was down in back and that he'd see
her bare back, and she lingered just a bit longer, hoping it
would excite him to have that teasing view of her.

"Very nice, Mink." Jim whistled softly in appreciation. "Which
garter belt did you wear?"

"The black one with the red bows... would you like to see it?",
she asked, teasingly.

"Yes", he replied, smiling broadly at their little game. "Show
me."

Mink knew just as Jim did that she would be naked in front of him
in just a few moments anyway, and that this little game was not
about nakedness but was about erotic teasing. She loved doing it
for him and had found it becoming a more regular part of his
examination of her as time went on. Turning her back to him once
more, Mink looked over her shoulder at him sexily and grasped the
dress by the sides, lifting it slowly. Bit by bit she exposed
more and more of the backs of her long legs to him, lifting the
dress higher and higher until it was at her waist. Bending over
sligtly and pushing her pantied ass out toward him, she asked
with a voice thick with passion, "Would you like to see the front
too?"

Jim felt his cock stirring inside his pants as the attractive
young girl raised the dress above the tops of her stockings and
over the black panties and matching garter belt. Her ass was one
of her better features, and frankly it had been with a bit of
disappointment that he had found Mink's behavior changing so
quickly for the better. He had fantasized often about laying her
across his lap and spanking her youthful cheeks, but hadn't found
any really explainable excuse so far.

"Yes, show me all of it, Mink", he replied, softly.

Allowing the dress to fall back slightly as she turned, the hem
now even with the top of the stockings, Mink faced him, her feet
spread apart evenly. She leaned forward slightly now, the straps
of the dress falling sexily down her arms, the top exposing just
the upper curves of her ripe breasts. Placing her hands flat on
her thighs, she slid the dress up slowly, allowing the hem to
rise above the stockings, exposing her white flesh and the black
straps which contrasted with her skin so beautifully. Her legs
were locked tightly at the knees, her body still leaning forward
from the waist up. Up and up the hands moved, sensuously, until
the hem was gathered around her waist, the tiny panties and the
full frontal portion of the garter belt easily visible.

Jim fed on her beauty with his eyes, taking in every detail, from
the width of the opening between her spread legs to the whisps of
pubic hair that stuck out from the sides and top of the panties.
He stared at her for quite some time, enjoying the view, and
aware of the effect that leaving her posed like that would have
on her.

"Lower the top, Mink", he finally instructed.

Mink straightened, sliding the straps slowly off each arm, the
hem of her dress still gathered around her waist, her legs still
opened widely. Taking the upper portion of the dress in her hands
she tugged it down over her breasts, letting it fall to her
waist. She was nearly nude now, the material of her dress
entirely gathered in a lump of fabric around her middle, her
breasts totally exposed, her hard nipples being stared at by this
older man.

"Your nipples are hard, like little pebbles, Mink", Jim said
evenly.

Mink swallowed hard. He seldom if ever commented this personally
about her body, and every time he did it made her flush with
passion. "Yes, I know", she replied simply.

"Thats usually a sign of arousal, Mink", he said.

"They've been that way all night." Her voice trembled slightly as
she replied, her excitement exposing itself.

"Pinch them a little", Jim instructed.

Mink took a deep breath. He had never asked her to touch herself
in front of him before, but it was certainly something she had
fantasized about often enough. She moved her hands to her
breasts, looking down at them, and circled the hard nipples with
the thumb and forefinger of each hand. Slowly she tightened her
grip, pinching the small nubs. A tiny gasp escaped her lips, and
she let her head fall back, her eyes closing.

"Yes, thats it. Keep pinching them. Pinch harder."

Mink increased the tension, closing her eyes more tightly, her
mouth opening slightly. It was hard to keep from moving her hips,
but she wasn't sure what Jim would think of her hunching them in
front of him.

"Do you have Chuck's sperm inside you, Mink", Jim asked.

Mink continued pinching the nipples, and looked at Jim through
eyes glazed with passion. "No," she said softly, "his parents
came home early."

"But you wanted it, didn't you, Mink?"

"Yes," she replied, "yes, very much."

"Pinch the nipples harder now, Mink, and pull them out away from
your breasts."

Mink tightened her grip even more, moaning, and pulled the
nipples outward toward her step-father.

"Did you see Chuck's cock tonight, Mink", he asked.

"Yes, for a moment", she replied, her face beginning to contort
with lust.

"You like cocks alot, don't you, Mink?"

"Yes." It was all she could do to breathe now, and her knees were
weakening.

"I have to check your pussy for cum anyway, you realize that,
don't you, Mink?"

"Yes, Jim, I know. Its okay."

"Take off the dress and the panties, and step up a little
closer", he instructed.

Mink released her throbbing nipples and slid the dress down off
her hips, kicking it to the side. Moving her hips sexily, she
tugged the tiny soaked panties downward and off, tossing them
aside as well, and stepped within a foot or so of her
step-father.

"Hold open the lips for me, Mink, let me look inside."

Mink obediently moved both hands to her sex, and taking the outer
lips in her fingers, pulled them down and out, opening her vagina
to his gaze.

"You're so wet! Much wetter than usual. Has it been like that all
night too, Mink?", he asked teasingly.

Mink merely nodded, embarrassed but excited by this unusual
stream of questions.

"I think I'll let you help me with the examination tonight, Mink.
Put one of your fingers inside for me."

Mink blushed a deep red, but obediently placed the middle finger
of her right hand into her wet opening pushing it in deeply.

"Move it around inside, get it nice and wet."

Mink moved the finger down toward the bottom of her slit, and
then to the top again, she caressed the sides of her pussy with
it, slid it in and out, fingering herself only inches from Jim.
Much more of this and I'll come, screaming, she thought to
herself.

"Now take it out and show it to me, Mink", he instructed.

Mink slid the drenched finger from her and held it up in front of
Jim's face. He took her hand in his and examined the finger
closely, taking his time.

"Well, I don't see any cum on it, Mink. I certainly do see alot
of your juices though. Thats another sign of arousal, another
sign that a woman needs a cock inside her."

Mink was beginning to feel as if she was going to explode inside.
She'd never been so hot in her life, and she had to fight the
urge to beg Jim to fuck her. God! She needed it so much!!

"This finger isn't as big as a man's cock, is it Mink?", he
teased.

"No, its much smaller." She swallowed hard, looking at the wet
finger.

Jim took her ring finger and placed it beside her middle finger,
holding the others closed toward her palm.

"Is this more like it, Mink? Is this about the size of a man's
cock?"

She swallowed again. "No, a co... er, the ones I've seen are
bigger still."

"The whats, Mink? The cocks? You can say it, I like for you to
say it."

"Cocks are bigger", she replied weakly. He was rubbing her hand
softly now with his.

Adding her index finger to the other two, Jim looked at them,
turning them slowly. "This is more like it, isn't it Mink? Isn't
this about the size of a man's cock?"

"Yes, it is", she replied breathlessly. All this talk of men's
cocks was making her even hotter.

"Good, now put them inside, Mink. Put this cock sized group of
fingers inside for me."

Mink closed her eyes, embarrassed to see the three fingers
heading toward her exposed sex, and placed the tips of them at
her opening, sliding them inside slowly.

Jim watched the young girl pressing the tips of three fingers
into her wet pussy and felt his cock grow totally rigid inside
his pants. She bent at the knees slightly, pressing inward more
firmly, sliding the full length of the three fingers into her.
She moaned, and uncontrollably began moving her hips against the
hand.

"Thats more like it, isn't it Mink? Thats more like what you've
been wanting all night, isn't it, sweetie?"

"Yessssss... it is Jim!", she hissed, moving her hips more
intensely now, and beginning to fuck the fingers in and out of
herself.

"Thats it, Mink, move the fingers in and out. Yes, just like
that. I like to watch you."

Mink fucked herself more wantonly now, feeling herself losing
control, needing so much to come.

"You really do like cocks, don't you Mink?"

"Yes, Jim... oh yes... I LOVE cocks!", she moaned hotly.

"Yes, of course you do", Jim replied, beginning to rub his thick
cock through his pants. "And when you're cleaning the stallions
you love the feel of their cocks too, don't you, Mink?"

Mink's eyes opened in astonishment at the mention of the horse
cocks. Surely he hadn't seen her stroking them so lovingly! He
was rubbing himself now as he watched her hips moving. She'd
never seen him do that before. Keeping her eyes glued on his
moving hand, she replied quietly. "They're so big!"

"Yes, they are big, Mink. They're huge. Huge shafts of hard meat
with loads and loads of cum to squirt. Do you like to fuck,
Mink?" His voice was heavy with lust now, the nasty words
shooting into Mink and exploding inside her.

"I love to fuck. I need it sometimes so bad", she confessed, lost
in a sea of passion.

"You need it bad now, don't you, Mink? You want me to fuck you,
don't you?"

"Yes, oh Jim! Yessss, please!" She was moving the hand rapidly
now, plunging the three fingers in and out.

Jim unzipped his pants and struggled to remove his rock hard
cock. Mink watched him hotly, amazed by the size of the cock she
had fantasized about so often. When he had its full length out
and stroked it openly in front of her she realized it was much
longer even than Matt's cock was and thicker as well. Her mouth
was watering.

"Kneel on the floor and lean forward on your hands, Mink. Open
your legs, I'm going to mount you."

Mink trembled, and reluctantly removing her fingers from her wet
sex, knelt on the floor in front of the couch as instructed,
placing her knees apart and supporting herself with her hands out
in front of her. She looked back over her shoulder to see him
removing his shirt and pants. Almost instinctively she lowered to
her elbows, raising her ass higher, presenting it to him. As he
slid his undershorts off his huge cock swung slowly in front of
him. It was certainly much smaller than the huge horse dicks, but
compared to Matt's and especially the cock she had longed for
earlier in the evening, still monstrous.

Jim knelt behind his young step-daughter, running his fingers
through her sex, gathering her juices and spreading them on the
head of his large cock. She jerked at his touch and moved her ass
in small circles, hungry for what she was about to receive.

The symbolism of their position and of the size of the cock she
was about to take was not lost on Mink. It was almost as if she
were one of the mares she had seen bred so often, kneeling,
exposed, about to be filled with a huge member.

Taking the shaft in his hand and moving closer to her, Jim rubbed
the head along her slit, thrilling at the feel of her lips
against his smooth skin. Centering it easily, he moved forward,
spreading her, making way for the long thickness to follow the
head.

Mink gasped, feeling herself stretched as never before.
Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion, and it seemed
as if the head would never slide between her lips. Finally it
did, accompanied at first by an uncomfortable stretching not too
unlike pain. She gritted her teeth, determined to take it all,
and pushed herself back on the huge invader. Her walls clung to
the thick meat entering her. It seemed as if he was touching her
in places she had never been touched before. More and more of the
hard shaft entered her, filling her, prodding her as she had only
dreamed of in the past. Finally she felt the tip of him touching
her cervix, and was aware that he had not completely entered her
even yet. He was pushing harder toward her, causing her to move
forward as he pressed against the opening of her womb.

Jim held her by her hips, his fingers caressing the lacey straps
of the garter belt as he began moving his huge cock in and out of
her. After one or two strokes the uncomfortable feeling began to
subside, and Mink's copious moisture lubricated both the sheath
and its invader as her muscles relaxed to accomodate him inside
her.

He moved more quickly now, hunching forward into her and driving
most of his length into her with each lunge. Mink stared at the
floor, her mouth opened wide, amazed at the sensations flooding
her. She raised her hands toward her chest as she became
comfortable with the motion of their hunching bodies, still
supporting herself on her elbows and began pinching her nipples
once again. She tightened and released her vaginal muscles,
stroking the huge shaft that slid between her lips.

Jim couldn't believe how good she was, how easily she was
accomodating him. Just a bit more and she would have his full
length inside her and his heavy balls would be slapping against
her tight young ass. He had longed for this chance to pump his
meat into her for so long now, and it was even better than he had
expected it to be!

Beside herself with passion, her mind caught up in the
remembrance of her nearly constant hunger of the evening and of
this fantastic realization of her deepest fantasies, Mink shoved
herself back toward Jim, wanting every inch of him inside her.
Each time she fucked back at him the head of his huge cock would
press more firmly against her cervix, but she came to accept and
enjoy the pounding that he was giving her, wanting and even
needing to feel him slamming against the opening of her womb.

Jim could feel Mink pushing back at him, encouraging him to feed
her more and more of himself, and began plunging into her even
more freely and with greater force, no longer concerned about
hurting her with his huge cock. Her body rocked forward with each
plunge of his hips, and he felt her stretching more and more with
each lunge of his hips. Bit by bit more and more of his balls
began touching her and before long he could feel the cheeks of
her ass pressing against him firmly as the full length of his
long shaft disappeared inside her.

Mink began moving her stomach up and down now, swinging her ass
up and down and around in circles, caressing the thick cock
inside her in every possible way as she dug a fingernail into her
nipple. She felt as if she were on a skewer, being impaled on it,
filled with it, turning and rotating, feeling it hot within her.

Rather than the slow build-up of passion that had accompanied her
other orgasms in the past, Mink felt an explosion within her that
came without warning. The force of it jerked her ass into the air
with such force that she swore she could feel her knees leaving
the carpeted floor. Her head fell hard to the floor, her elbows
folded, her breast spreading themselves against the carpet under
her. She felt Jim's hand on her back now, holding her down as he
continued ramming into her with more passion than she had ever
known possible.

Every nerve in her body seemed to be charged at once, and the
extreme pleasure of the manhood within her was eclipsed by the
eruption of orgasmic tremors which coursed through her from head
to foot. She shook, trembled, and was only barely able to resist
screaming out as wave after wave of pleasure exploded within her.

Jim had never seen anyone come so forcefully, and as Mink had
fallen to her chest in front of him his own orgasm had begun,
erupting within him forcefully, nearly taking his breath away.
His jerking penis pumped load after load of hot sperm into his
writhing young step-daughter as he held it deeply within her,
grasping her hips tightly and pulling her back against him hard.

Later, when it was over and Jim was leaning back against the
front of the couch recuperating, Mink had crawled to him and
gently licked her juices and the last traces of his cum from his
softening penis. She was in total awe of him now. Never had she
known such passion, nor had she in her wildest dreams believed it
could have been as wonderful as it really was.

Mink fell asleep easily that night, her body exhausted, her mind
put to ease by the long awaited for encounter with her handsome
step-father. Jim lay awake, reliving the incredible moments of
their time together. He felt himself growing hard again, and
turning onto his side, pressed his full member against Mink's
mother. She stirred slightly at his touch, and as he reached over
her hip, sliding his fingers toward her clitoris, she raised her
upper leg and reached between them, searching for his huge cock.

Part Six

Once Jim had taken Mink in the living room floor everything about
their relationship seemed to change. Mink was thrilled by the
change, but its magnitude was almost overwhelming for her at
first. He never passed her without touching her now, even when
her mother was watching. At those times it was always just a
friendly pat on the shoulder or an arm around her, but when they
were alone he touched her freely wherever he liked and often took
her in his arms and kissed her deeply, pulling her to him
tightly.

It seemed to Mink that Jim couldn't get enough of her now. Five
days had passed since they had first "done it" together, and they
hadn't missed a day since then. Three times Jim had sneaked into
her room at night, waking her, and had taken her while her mother
slept. The other days he had taken her in the barn in the middle
of the day, laying her in the hay and peeling her tight jeans
off, kissing her long legs and her wet sex before plunging his
huge cock into her. No one had ever kissed her like that before.
Matt certainly never took time for that, and Chuck was repulsed
by even the idea of it. But Jim seemed to love it, kissing her
nearly every time until she had an orgasm and often kissing her
well past that point. Mink loved every second of it, and even
enjoyed tasting herself on his lips when he kissed her afterward.

The result of all these changes was that Mink never knew when she
might be eaten or fucked by her handsome step-father and thought
about it almost constantly. Since Jim worked there on the farm
they were together almost constantly, and Mink found herself
staying wet almost all the time. Jim noticed that and kidded her
about it, calling her J.P. when they were alone, explaining that
J.P. stood for Juicy Pussy. Mink liked the nickname and was happy
to be that wet so often.

Anne had been planning a trip to visit her sister for some time,
and had been expecting Mink to go with her. It would mean being
away for several days, and Mink had dreaded the trip, not wanting
to leave Jim for that long. Jim evidently felt the same way about
it, and managed to convince Anne that he needed for Mink to stay
there on the farm to help him during Anne's absence. Anne
accepted the change of plans graciously, glad that Mink could be
that so much help to Jim while she was gone.

On the day of her departure the car was barely out of sight
before Mink was in Jim's arms, his strong hands roaming over her
youthful body. He stood behind her, filling his hands with her
breasts and rubbing his hardening manhood against her firm bottom
as they stood on the front porch, the dust still settling in the
driveway. Mink reached downward and unzipped her jeans while Jim
caressed her breasts, shoving them, along with her panties, down
past her hips. Then bending over and supporting herself on the
porch railing, she spread her legs as far as the jeans would
allow her to, offering her naked sex to her handsome step-father.

Jim had taken her quickly, pulling his cock from his jeans and
shoving into her, filling her and pumping her and thrilling at
the way her tight young sex gripped his stiff dick.

After their fervent encounter on the porch, Jim had made Mink
change clothes, allowing her to wear only a pair of cut-off jeans
and her work boots. They went around the farm, tending to the
normal chores, Mink's naked breasts exposed for all the world to
see. Jim watched her the entire time, seeing her rub her breasts
against the side of the big stallion as she brushed and curried
him, excited by this semi-naked view of his young step-daughter
doing her chores.

"Clean his cock, Mink", Jim instructed her.

"Oh, are we going to take him somewhere today?", Mink asked. She
loved watching the big stallion at work.

"No, I just want to watch you cleaning his cock", Jim replied, as
if it were the most normal thing in the world to want to do.

Mink complied. There wasn't anything she wouldn't do for Jim, and
she loved playing with the big black stallion's huge cock anyway.
She filled the water bucket and moved underneath the horse,
sitting on the old milking stool. She soaked the sponge full of
the soapy water and began cleaning him, watching with excitement
as his cock emerged from the sheath, growing larger and larger
and larger as she touched him.

"You're making his dick hard, Mink", Jim said, smiling.

Mink didn't reply, but started rubbing her hands along the huge
shaft, wanting to make it hard for Jim, wanting him to see her
stroking the horse cock.

"Thats not cleaning, Mink, thats masturbating, but don't stop,
keep masturbating the horse dick", he said.

Mink swallowed hard. She always did it this way, and she wasn't
sure if it was cleaning or masturbating, but whatever it was she
liked it. There was something especially erotic about Jim
watching her do it. She wrapped her tiny hands around the big
hunk of flesh and stroked it, sliding her hands up and down and
up and down, the horse cock now fully extended, nearly three feet
long and as thick as her arm.

"Will you do anything I ask you to do, Mink?", Jim asked.

"Yes, Jim, I'll do anything you want me to do", she replied,
honestly, still stroking the horse.

"This is something very nasty, Mink. You have to promise you
won't tell Anne that I made you do it. Do you promise?"

"I won't tell, honest I won't", she replied.

"And you'll do it? Whatever it is?", he asked, his voice
thickening.

"If its nasty, I'll do it, Jim. I like doing nasty things,
especially when you want me to do them. You know what it does to
me."

Jim smiled. He certainly did know. "Yes, I know, J.P., I know
what it does to you, and thats one reason I want you to do it."

"Can I take my shorts off, Jim?", Mink asked, feeling so sexy and
so hot.

"Sure, take them off. I like seeing you naked. But leave the
boots on."

Mink left the long animal cock long enough to pull the raggedy
jeans shorts from her body. Jim had not allowed her to wear
panties under them, so she was now completely naked except for
the heavy work boots on her feet. She resumed her position on the
stool, feeling the cool air hitting her hot and wet sex as she
began masturbating the horse again.

"I want to see you drink horse cum, Mink", Jim said.

Mink blushed deeply. She had thought often about what it would be
like to let the big horse shoot a full load of his fuck into her
face, and had often considered doing it. But it was so nasty, so
terrible. She felt her vagina contracting, her nipples hardening
at the words her step-father was speaking to her.

"Do you really?", she asked, timidly.

"Yes, I do. I know you love cocks, and I know you love cum. And I
know you are aware of how much cum horses shoot from their huge
cocks when they come, aren't you?"

Mink had seen it for sure. In fact she had stroked this very
stallion to more than one orgasm and had on more than one
occasion wiped the cum from the head of his cock and had tasted
it.

"Yes, I've seen it. It won't hurt me to take his cum?", she
asked, quietly.

"No, it won't hurt. And I promise I'll fuck you after you take
it. Is that what you'd like?"

"Oh yes, Jim. Please promise you will. It will make me hot to
take his cum, and I'll need you. Please promise me you will."

"Oh, I promise, Mink. I'll fuck you hard. Sit on the hay under
him and lick the head of his dick. Stroke him until he shoots and
keep your mouth open. Try to get as much as you can inside your
mouth. Do it."

Mink got off the stool and sat underneath the big horse, keeping
her hands wrapped around his huge black cock. She positioned her
naked body so that she could easily reach the head of the monster
cock and began licking the smooth skin of the softball size head
as her hand slid back and forth along its length. The hay tickled
her naked bottom and she squirmed slightly as she licked at the
cock. She was only vaguely aware of Jim sliding off his jeans and
sitting on the stool next to them.

The big stallion whinnied, and Mink knew she was making progress.
Her tongue lathed at the dark skin, lingering at the big hole in
the end of it, teasing the horse, tasting a bit of the horse's
pre-cum. She could smell his sex, and her hands slid along the
length of the animal cock, pumping it, stroking it, while her
step-father watched, stroking his own cock as she continued
licking.

Almost without warning the stallion began coming. His cock jerked
violently in her hands and a huge gob of hot horse cum splashed
against her face, catching her by surprise and landing on her
nose and cheeks, almost getting into her eyes. She opened her
mouth widely as the second huge eruption of cum shot forth out of
the big black cock. This time her aim was better and she felt the
warm fuck filling her mouth, coating her tongue and draining back
toward her throat. She almost gagged there was so much of it, and
then yet another stream of hot fuck hit her, splasing into her
open mouth. She swallowed hard, drinking the hot horse fuck that
kept exploding toward her, her hands still pumping on the monster
dick. She closed her mouth to swallow, and another stream hit
her, splashing against her closed mouth and running down onto her
naked body, splashing against her naked tits and dripping down to
her young legs.

It seemed as if the stallion would never stop coming. Wave after
wave of hot fuck erupted from the huge cock, splashing against
her naked skin, some hitting her open mouth, some covering her
body while Jim watched, his hand around his own cock, stroking
himself as he watched her.

Finally there was no more cum for her to take, and Mink ran her
hand over her breasts, spreading the warm cum over her naked
skin.

"Fuck me now, Jim...please fuck me!", she pleaded, sliding out
from under the stallion.

Jim rose from the stool, overcome with passion, and took the
young step-daughter by the arm and led her to the corner of the
stall. He lay her on her back and pressed her legs back toward
her cum covered chest, pressing his hot member into her dripping
opening and fucking her harder than he had ever fucked anyone in
his life. Mink kept trying to kiss him, wanting him to taste the
horse cum in her kiss, but Jim refused, moving his head, but
still pumping into her with tremendous force. Mink began coming
almost immediately, her hips fucking back at him, her muscles
gripping him, squeezing him.

In almost no time both of them were coming, spilling their heated
passion, screaming into the barn as their lust overcame them.

Afterward, as they lay there in the barn holding each other, Mink
thought about what she had just done and smiled. She had just
taken horse cum into her mouth for a man. But it had not just
been any man, it had been her mother's husband. She had meant it
when she had told him she would do anything he asked her to do.
And she would prove that in the days to come.

Part Seven

Later on that same afternoon, his mind still full of the lusty
sight of Mink drenched in horse cum, Jim had made Mink repeat the
act, and had this time taken pictures of her doing it with his
camera. Mink had responded hotly to being photographed, and
suggested that after dinner Jim allow her to model some of the
lingerie he had bought for her while he took more pictures of
her.

Mink made a wonderful model, her ripe young body just as suited
for it as the bodies of the young women in the magazines and
catalogs. Jim posed her in various positions, innocent ones at
first, and then as his passion grew, more daring ones. One he
particularly liked was the pose of her only partially clad with
her legs open and her hands opening her sex to the camera.

By the time they ran out of film there was a large pile of sexy
underthings laying in the corner of Mink's room and she had been
sucked, fingered, or fucked to several more orgasms. Jim bathed
Mink that night, cleaning her gently, and took her yet another
time before allowing her to fall asleep in his arms. It had been
a day crammed full of eroticsm for both of them and they slept
well.

Mink rose before her step-father the following morning, and when
Jim entered the kitchen he found her preparing their breakfast
clad only in a pair of pale yellow bikini panties and a pair of
high heels. Giving her a soft and tender good-morning kiss and
running his hands over her body long enough to feel her shudder
of excitement, Jim poured a cup of fresh coffee and sat at the
table, watching her as she continued cooking, delighting in the
view he had of her tight young ass and perfect legs.

They ate quietly, enjoying the early morning sounds of the farm
and happy to be alone together. After they were done, Mink
cleared the table and then lay down on it in front of Jim,
sliding her yellow panties off and spreading her legs. Jim smiled
at the lusty freedom his young step-daughter now felt and the
consistency with which she offered herself to him. He leaned
forward to lick her opened sex.

"Put some jelly on it if you like", Mink said, smiling.

Jim grinned. She was in a playful mood already. He rose from his
chair and retrieved a few of the items Mink had moved from the
table to the counter earlier. Taking a bottle of squeeze
margarine and holding it above her pubis, Jim squirted the slick
yellow imitation butter down along her slit, rubbing it in with
his fingers.

"Get some inside too...it feels so good," Mink moaned.

He pressed the nozzle to her opening and pressed hard, squirting
a large amount of the margarine into her sheath. Seeing her jerk
her hips hotly as the liquid squirted into her, Jim pushed the
head of the bottle into her further, fucking her with it.

Mink responded hotly, hunching back at the odd intruder. It
really did feel wonderful. The cap portion of the container was
like a small cock and yet the shoulders of it pressed against her
full slit, touching her clit in the process. And then there was
the margarine squirting into her, reminding her of a man's warm
sperm.

"Mmmmm, that looks hot!", Jim said, "its too bad we're out of
film. I'd love a picture of you fucking yourself with that."

"We can do it again...anytime you want", Mink replied, sincerely.

"Whew!", Jim thought to himself. Mink was turning out to be even
better than he had hoped. He was beginning to wonder if there
were truly any limits to what she would do for him or allow him
to do to her.

He knew he could continue fucking her with the margarine bottle
until she came if he liked, but Jim wanted to taste her. So
removing the bottle from her bottom, he opened the jar of grape
jelly and began spreading it over her margarine covered slit,
pressing some inside that he could dig for with his tongue. When
he had it coated sufficiently he set the jar down only to find
Mink picking it up and spreading jelly on her naked breasts as
well.

The phrase "teen tit toast" popped into Jim's mind and he
struggled not to laugh as Mink spread the dark jelly all over her
delicious breasts. She licked her fingers to clean them, looking
into his eyes as she sucked them like tiny cocks. He rose and
leaned over her, licking at the hard nipples that poked up
through the jelly which covered them, sucking it into his mouth.
His tongue moved over her breasts, cleaning them, delighting in
the new sensations they both were feeling.

When he had cleaned both of her breasts, Jim moved back between
her legs once more and began licking her sex, swallowing the
mixture of pussy juice, margarine and grape jelly that covered
the young slit and pressing his tongue into her, sucking at the
jelly and margarine inside her. Some of the margarine and jelly
had run down her crack and he dutifully licked over her anus,
cleaning her of the condiments before moving back to her
throbbing clitoris and sucking it back into his mouth. He held
onto her hips as they rose and fell under him, making sure she
didn't fall from the table in the heat of her passion, and
pressed his face to her young crotch as she erupted in her first
orgasm of the day.

When it was over and Mink had licked Jim's face to clean it of
the strange mixture that covered it, they walked together arm in
arm up the stairs. Jim watched Mink scrub herself, getting the
sticky jelly off of her breasts and out of her sex while he lay
out her clothes for the day on the bed. They needed to go into
town to do some shopping. They were out of film, of course, and
that was something that certainly had to be remedied, and there
were other things that Jim wanted them to shop for together as
well.

He had already decided that they would go to a larger city nearby
where not many people knew them, rather than to the small town
which was their usual shopping center. So, rather than choosing
the rather conservative clothes that he might normally want Mink
to wear, he laid out instead a very sexy pair of tight white
short-shorts and a matching white halter top which rather than
having elastic across the bottom hung freely, standing out away
from her flat belly and sometimes allowing a glimpse of the
bottoms of her firm breasts.

"No panties?", Mink asked, smiling as she looked at the items on
the bed.

"Nope, no panties for you this time, Mink. Oh..by the way," he
continued, reaching into his pocket and removing two gold toned
balls, "push these up inside you before you put on the shorts."

Mink looked at the balls he held out to her with a look of
confusion. "Push them into my pussy?", she asked, wondering.

"Yes, your pussy. They're ben waa balls and they will move around
inside you while we shop and keep you nice and wet. You know I
love for you to stay wet."

Mink took the two shiny balls from him and pushed them one at a
time up inside her vagina. She saw him grinning as the balls
disappeared. "They will come out without any problem, won't
they?", she asked timidly.

Jim smiled warmly at her and pinched her left nipple. "Oh yes,
they'll come out when we want them to. Now, get dressed, we have
lots to do."

Mink continued dressing, feeling the hard metal balls inside her
as she moved. It was erotic feeling something moving around
inside her sex. She wondered if she could keep from having a
climax while they walked around together, and what would happen
if she had one with others around her.

The drive to the city took about an hour, and Jim let Mink play
with his cock and suck him to a very nice orgasm along the way.
The halter top had worked nicely for their ride together,
allowing him to reach up under it with easy access to her hard
nipples while she slid her mouth up and down on his cock.

It was early in the day still, and the city streets were full of
people on their way to work. As they sat at the stoplight waiting
for it to change, Jim looked over at the young girl next to him.
She would create quite a sensation and would certainly have lots
of men staring at her.

"Do you like for men to look at you, Mink?", he asked.

"Yes, I guess so. Sometimes they stare and I wonder what they're
thinking. I guess they'll stare alot with me in this outfit."

"Yes, I expect they will, Mink. Do you think they look at you and
think what a good fuck you would be?"

"Is that what you think when you look at me?", she replied.

"Yes, it is. You really look like you would be a wonderful fuck,
especially in those shorts and that top, and of course you are a
wonderful fuck!", he smiled. "Do you ever think about letting
more than one man fuck you at a time, Mink?"

This line of conversation was getting to her. The men walking by
were looking in at her already and they couldn't even see her
legs or her bare stomach above the shorts. It seemed that
everywhere she looked there were men looking back at her and
smiling.

"I have thought about it before. Is that very naughty?"

"Yes, I suppose it is. But not much more naughty than jerking off
horses. Perhaps someday I'll let some other men fuck you."

Mink stared straight ahead and didn't say anything, but her hand
moved to her crotch and she rubbed her clitoris through the tight
shorts. She'd do it for Jim. No, really she'd do it for herself.
She wondered if they would be guys her own age, or if they would
be older men like Jim. How many would there be? Would they be big
like Jim or more like Chuck? Would he let them have her mouth
too?

"These balls inside me are making me very hot", she said. "Is
there anywhere we can go before we get home?"

"You mean anywhere we can go so that you can fuck me, Mink", he
asked, grinning broadly.

"No, where you can fuck me...just a quickie...I just need to come
so bad!"

"We'll see, Mink, but we've just gotten here. You may just have
to wait."

"Okay", she replied softly, lowering her eyes and rubbing her
clit hard.

When she raised her eyes again the car had stopped. They were in
a parking building of some kind. Jim slid over closer to her and
raised her halter top, taking one of her breasts in his mouth.
Pushing her fingers to the side he began rubbing her clitoris
hotly. Mink threw her head back and moaned as Jim sucked hard on
her breast, drawing her rigid nipple deep into his mouth. She
pulled the halter top up further and began pinching her other
nipple with the fingers of her right hand.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw two attractive middle age
women walking toward their car. She thought about telling Jim,
but was too hot to bother. Let them look, she thought, who cares?
The women stared into the car as they approached and glanced at
each other knowingly. It turned Mink on for them to see her
having her breast sucked by this obviously older man and for them
to be able to see the passion on her face. She grunted more
loudly than necessary, as much for their benefit as out of real
passion. The two women walked on past, but as Mink climaxed they
were looking back over their shoulders, thrilled and somewhat
embarrassed by the passionate young girl who was so freely giving
herself to that man.

"Maybe that will help for a while", Jim said, smiling, as he
moved back over to his side of the car, opening the door. Mink
pulled the halter top back down over her well-sucked breast and
opened the door and got out, feeling the metal balls moving
inside her with every move she made. It wouldn't help for long,
she thought to herself, not the way the balls were making her
young pussy feel already.

They shopped for hours, going in a myriad of stores. Mink was
thrilled by Jim's generosity and delighted by the items he
purchased. Nearly every one of them was something for her to wear
or something to enhance their being together sexually. It had
been a bit embarassing to go in the x-rated book/movie store, but
exciting as well. It was her first time in one of them, and she
was certainly the center of attention the entire time she was
there. It was always exciting to have men staring at you, but
when you were in a place like this...well...there was little
doubt what those men had on their minds when they looked at her.
She wasn't really sure whether Jim cupping her ass and squeezing
her cheek while they watched was the thing to do or not, but she
was turned on by it and felt the balls moving around inside her
as he pulled one cheek away from the other one. At least the men
watching couldn't tell she had them inside. Maybe.

They looked at lots of magazines and purchased quite a few as
well. Mink wasn't sure which ones she really liked best. She
found the ones with women in them just as erotic as the all male
magazines Jim showed her and asked if she wanted. He bought some
of each and she was sure she would enjoying looking at all of
them.

The most difficult moment for her was when she was told to select
a dildo from the ones in the case at the front of the store.
There were so many to choose from, and the man behind the case
smiled broadly as she looked them over. Her face was beet red as
she asked Jim which one he thought she should pick out. Jim asked
the clerk to explain the differences to her, and she watched
red-faced as he discussed the lengths, diameters, and how
realistic or unrealistic each one was.

"This one is probably our best seller", the clerk said, holding
up an especially realistic looking model which also happened to
be the biggest one in the case. "But its really for women who are
a bit older and more experienced than you are." He held up a much
smaller dildo and extended his arm, offering it to Mink. "I'd
recommend you try this one first and maybe come back and buy the
bigger one another time."

"No, I'll take the big one", she said, evenly, staring into the
man's eyes.

It wasn't the reaction he had expected from a girl her age and
the clerk swallowed hard and glanced at Jim.

"Wrap it up", Jim said, smiling at the man. Mink could hear the
men watching chuckling to themselves behind them and slipped her
arm around Jim's waist, laying her head on his shoulder.

Their last stop was at a leather shop where Jim bought alot of
items which seemed to Mink to be unrelated to the purpose of
their shopping trip. She assumed he was going to make some
bridles for the horses or perhaps do some saddle repair, as she
could see no other purpose for the leather straps and d-rings
that he bought in such abundance. The riding crop he purchased
was even more difficult for Mink to understand. She had watched
Jim ride often and had never seen him use a crop on any of the
horses. But, he had bought so many things for her, it was only
fair that he buy whatever he wanted for himself or the farm.

On the drive back home Mink excitedly went through the bags of
goodies. She was thrilled by all the things Jim had bought her;
it was almost like Christmas. She chuckled at the bag full of
film. She had expected him to buy maybe two rolls, at the most
three. But instead he had bought at least a dozen rolls of 35mm
film and six blank video tapes.

"I don't think we're going to run out of film any time soon!",
she said, laughing.

"Oh, I sure hope we do", he replied, sliding his hand along her
thigh. "I love watching you model and pose, and I'll love having
the pictures of you to look at too."

"Well, I love for you to take them, and I hope I'm in every
single one you take with every roll of this film. But you'd
better hide them so Mom doesn't find them. She'd have a cow if
she saw those pictures you took last night."

Jim resisted the urge to say they could always use another cow on
the farm. "I might like to show them to some friends sometime,
would that be alright with you?"

Mink thought about the sexy poses she had assumed and how naughty
some of them had been. Anyone who looked at the pictures would
know that Jim was fucking her whenever he wanted to and would
know that she loved it.

"Men or women?", she asked, breathily.

"Both, probably." He unzipped her shorts and slid his fingers
inside them, feeling the sparse and fine pubic hair against his
fingers.

"They'll know about us if you show them the pictures", she said,
her heart pounding.

"Yes, they'll know you fuck your step-father." He slid his
fingers into her slit, feeling them instantly covered with her
juices. "The pictures will make my male friends hard, Mink."

"Yes, I bet they will", she replied. She needed his fingers
inside her. "Can I pull the shorts off, Jim?", she asked hotly.

"Yes, Mink, and take the top off too", he replied, sliding his
hand out of her shorts.

Mink slid the tight shorts off of her and pulled the halter top
over her head. It was dark now and those in the passing cars
would not see her naked body. She wasn't sure if she was glad
about that or not.

"What will your women friend think of me posing like that, Jim?",
she asked, reaching for his hand and placing it back on her naked
sex.

"Well, the ones I'll show them to will be bisexual women, Mink."
He pushed two fingers into her, feeling the metal balls with the
tips of his fingers. She moaned. "They'll look at your delicious
young body and wish they could see it in person. They'll get wet
and will think about kissing you all over."

Mink hunched her hips upward, driving Jim's fingers in more
deeply. She reached upward and began pinching her nipples, laying
her head back on the car seat.

"I've never been with a woman, Jim. There were women at the
reform school that wanted me, but they weren't nice women. Still
it made me hot that they wanted me and I often masturbated while
thinking about letting them have me."

"Would you like for me to invite a woman over while Anne is away,
Mink? All I have to do is make one call and a very nice and very
attractive woman will come over and teach you the joys of being
with another woman. Is that what you want?"

Mink reached down with one hand and pushed Jim's fingers in
deeper. Her head moved back and forth from side to side on the
car seat as she thought about being with another woman sexually.

"Would she make me kiss her pussy?"

"Yes, I'm sure she would. But she would kiss yours too, Mink. You
like the taste of your own juices, I bet you'd like the taste of
Vicky's juices too."

"Vicky? You mean Wendy's mom? Is that the Vicky you mean?"

"Yes, Mink. She says Wendy tastes very nice, by the way."

Mink thrust her hips high into the air, her climax exploding
within her. Wendy was one of her best friends, and she had
probably fantasized more about Wendy and her Mom than any other
women she knew. She had no idea that either of them was bisexual,
certainly not that they were doing it with each other!

Jim grabbed her pubic area hard with his hand, imprisoning the
two fingers inside her and smiling as she hunched upward hotly.
He was pleased by Mink's climactic response to the news about
Vicky and Wendy. The only thing that bothered him was that he had
probably not bought enough film.
