                         Farmboys

Summer  had finally come and I made it up to my uncle's farm  for 
a  week  away  from work.  All winter in  the  city,  I'd  looked 
forward to getting up there.  And I'd thought a great deal  about 
Shawn,  a lovely 12 year old who I'd known since he was half  his 
age.   Shawn is the middle boy of a dirt poor farm  family.   I'd 
never  quite understood how his father made a living on his  only 
visible  means  a support, a tiny garage video  store.   But  I'd 
enjoyed  my  visits  up there in previous years  and  I  remember 
playing around outside with Shawn and his younger brother.   We'd 
throw  frisbees  and otherwise clown around.  I had  never  given 
Shawn much thought until last summer when as we played, he seemed 
to  hang  around me alot.  More than a few times, he  slapped  me 
playfully on the ass.  And I remembered the movies we'd seen over 
at his house.  I knew his dad rented x-rated movies and sometimes 
I  wondered  how  many of them he'd watched when  his  dad  wasnt 
around.  I had recognized some of the titles when I'd browsed the 
tapes.   There were more than afew which were less plot and  more 
fucking and sucking.  I wondered if he'd seen the sucking.  
 
At Christmas, when I was up for only a day, I managed to go  over 
to  Shawn's place just to say hello.  There he was, on the  floor 
watching his brother play a video game.  I stuck my toe playfully 
between  the  cheeks of his backside and gave him a nudge  and  a 
cheery,  "Hi pal...how'ya been?"  He turned and grinned and  told 
me fine.  I couldn't believe his adorable smile.  His eyes lit up 
as he turned and saw me.  Shawn's hair was longer and he  sported 
a single earring.  We chatted about pretty much nothing but I was 
so anxious to put my hands on him, I finally cradled his cheek in 
one  had  while pretending to examine his earring.   Holding  his 
face in my hands was the only touch I had of him last  Christmas.  
"That's  pretty  rock and roll for a farm kid," I offered,  as  I 
made sure my touch was more of a carress.  He lingered and let me 
hold  him as long as I dared in the room where his older  brother 
was also watch.
 
"Yeah, a regular faggot," his twenty year old brother snorted.  I 
saw  the instant hurt in Shawn's face.  He was  embarrassed  that 
his  brother had said such a thing in front of me.  I spent  days 
wondering what that meant...whether he was calling Shawn a faggot 
because  of  the earring or because of something  else  that  had 
happend  recently.  But for the moment, I just winked at him  and 
sqeezed his cheek lovingly.  There would be another time we could 
talk about THAT.
 
Just  an hour before I had to end my Christmas, I happened to  be 
over  at his house to say goodbye.  He was on the couch,  dressed 
in  a  pair  of bib overalls and a flannel  shirt.   All  that  I 
touched of him was his bare feet.  We wrestled momentarily and he 
stuck a foot up to my face.  It was just reaction.  I grabbed his 
foot  as  he poked me with it.  And I ran my  tongue  across  the 
underside of his toes.  He seemed abit surprised at that.
 
"You taste pretty good, lad.  I'll have to remember that!"
 
He  looked  away  momentarily but he  smiled.   I  just  laughed, 
reached down and slapped his jeans on the backside.

"Well, I gotta go.  Maybe I'll be around this summer to see ya."
And  with that, I left to make my goodbyes to my uncle  and  aunt 
before I hit the road.
 
-0-
 
When the first summer day of my farm vacation started, it  wasn't 
an hour before Shawn had spied my car in my uncle's driveway.  He 
was  over.   He  just  hung  by the  back  door  waiting  for  an 
invitation  inside.   I  didn't hesitate for I had  come  to  the 
country to see Shawn as much as I'd come to see my uncle.
 
"Hi bud,"  I said, "good to see ya.  Come on in."  I gave  him  a 
one-armed  hug,  one of those older brotherly kind of  hugs  that 
most people don't pay much attention to.  He was in the house  in 
a flash and while my uncle and aunt found him obnoxious, they let 
it go because they knew we were sort of buddies.  They  certainly 
didn't  know how close we were and how close I'd like  to  become 
with  him.   He  spent the early evening sometimes  with  me  and 
sometimes at home.
 
After  a good family dinner and a talk, the evening grew late  by 
farmers's  standards.  It was pushing eight o'clock.  I  knew  my 
uncle and aunt would be going to bed soon for they were always up 
by four.  They knew I was a night owl and they weren't  surprised 
when I said I was going to go across the street to visit with the 
neighbors  for awhile.  I practically ran across the road  but  I 
slowed down and got into my "neighborly" attitude when I  knocked 
on their rickety back porch door.
 
Shawn's  dad  answered  the door.  We had me afew  times  and  we 
exchanged  pleasantries.  He invited me on in to the living  room 
of  their modest (and rather trashy) house.  It was your  typical 
poor farmhouse.  The only thing less than twenty years old was  a 
Sony TV, two VCR's and a Nintendo.
 
"We're just getting ready to turn in but you're welcome to  stick 
around and watch a movie with the boys," he said.  I didn't  need 
a  second  invitation.  Shawn and his ten year old  brother  were 
sprawled on the floor watching Top Gun for what had to have  been 
the hundredth time.  After all, they had five hundred  videotapes 
for  rent  out in the garage.  I made myself at home on  the  old 
couch, adjusting my shorts downward so as to prevent the crowding 
that was coming as my dick grew in anticipation.
 
"Great movie!" I said, thinking it was mosty great because it had 
just started.  And lets face it, Tom Cruise never looked better.
 
"You boys, get ready for bed...you can watch the movie but I want 
your  faces and hands washed and you in your PJ's.  Do  it  NOW!"  
Their dad had a commanding way about him.  He wasnt hard, but  he 
was  firm and the boys hustled upstairs obediently, racing so  as 
not to miss the entire first fighter scene.

"That's  pretty  good,"  I said to their dad, as  I  glanced  up, 
approvingly that they had jumped to his command.
 
"They mind.  Well, you enjoy yourself.  Maybe tomorrow I can  get 
you  to  buy off some of this inventory from me."   He  had  been 
wanting  to sell of his tapes because most of the farmers in  the 
area had already seen most of them.  We said our good nights  and 
he  went on upstairs.  In the next couple of minutes,  excitement 
built in my loins as I anticipated being almost alone with Shawn.  
I  tugged at my terrycloth shorts again, stretching them to  make 
much  more  room.  They were short and loose and as I  tugged,  I 
felt the bare hardness of my growing penis.
 
Shawn flew down the stairs wearing a long shirt of his dads.   No 
long  pants.  I could see his slender, hairless boylegs  and  the 
length  of  his shirt hiding what I had longed to see.   He  went 
directly into the kitchen and brought out a bag of potato chips.  
 
"These'll be good," he said as he settled back  down  on 
the  floor.  He put the bag of chips between us.
 
"I remember last winter...YOU tasted pretty good too."  I  looked 
directly at him to see if he remembered what I was talking about.  
He grinned and looked away, sort of rolling his eyes as if to say 
"Oh yeah, THAT!"
 
I grabbed the bag of chips and put them on the couch and  enticed 
him  as if to indicate that if he wanted any of those  chips,  he 
was going to have to share them up here with me.
 
"Aw come on up here and keep me company,"  Shawn hopped up on the 
couch,  his  back up against the armrest and his legs  drawn  up, 
almost touching my leg as I sat near the other end of the  couch.  
His  brother  Jason stumbled down the stairs and took  his  place 
directly  in front of the TV.  I knew he would be occupied  as  I 
hoped to be with his brother.
 
We sat for awhile watching.  Shawn slid down on the couch and his 
bare  feet were up against my leg.  Boy seduction is a  specialty 
of  mine and I know just how it's done.  I put the bag  of  chips 
between  his  legs and he spread himself to make room  for  them.  
Now I could see the crotch of his underpants and I stared them as 
often as I dared.  I was hoping he would notice.  For a  shrimpy, 
skinny  twelve year old, he filled out those briefs pretty  well.  
I  noticed  they fit rather loosely and I could  almost  see  his 
balls where the leghole was separated from his skin. It was  hard 
not to stare.  After we munched awhile and shared a Pepsi, I  put 
them on the floor.
 
"It's a little cool tonight," I mused as I grabbed a nearby quilt 
and  placed it over us.  In doing so, I put his bare legs  on  my 
lap,  slid  alittle closer to him so his thighs  and  knees  were 
resting  across  my own thighs.  I covered him and myself  so  we 
shared  the  blanket.   It left my hands  under  the  covers  and 
resting on him.  We kept watching the movie and all the while,  I 
stroked  the  inside of his calf with one hand and  the  top  and 
slightly  to  the  inside of one of his thighs  with  the  other.  
Shawn was enjoying the attention; I could tell it when I  glanced 
at him and saw his satisfaction.
 
By  this time, I had a raging hard on and I could hardly  control 
myself.   I  moved my left hand to the inside of  his  thigh  and 
rested  it  there.  To my surprise, he spread his  legs  alittle, 
giving me more access to his innner leg.  And he moved his leg so 
it  was  pressing against my own excitement.  He knew.   I  could 
feel  my  own wetness and my dick was pressing against  his  soft 
leg.  I adjusted his leg so it pressed even more intensely on  my 
erection  and  he  slid it back and  forth  just  alittle,  which 
brought  me to exhale deeply and look at him.  Shawn was  staring 
right  at my face and he smiled a naughty little smile.  What  an 
incredible face has.  Broad lips, boyish grin, turned up nose and 
curly  long  brown locks.  His hair was very long and  it  curled 
below  the  nape  of his neck.   It was all I could  do  to  keep 
myself from reaching down and kissing him on the mouth.  Instead, 
I  slid  my  hand from his thigh to his groin and  I  brushed  my 
fingers across the top of his underpants.  He was hard as a  rock 
and looking right into my eyes.
 
I whispered to him.  "Hey, you have what I have."  I squeezed his 
dick and the muscles in his legs convulsed with pleasure.   While 
Jason  sat in front of the TV watching practice flights over  the 
California mountains, I slid my hand under the stretched legbands 
of  Shawns  underpants.  There was little or  no  elacticity  for 
Shawn was one of those lads who peed by pulling a legband to  the 
side.   All  winter, I'd dreamed of putting my  hand  on  Shawn's 
boyhood  and  here it was at hand, firmly in my hand.   For  only 
twelve, his dick had to have been at least four inches long.  And 
thicker  than  I expected for such a diminuitive lad.  I  ran  my 
thumb  over  the turgid head and felt a  slight  wetness.   There 
wasnt much there.  But I slipped his dick outside his shorts  and 
gethered  what  moisture was on the end of it.  And I  pulled  my 
hand out and licked my thumb, gazing directly into his eyes.
 
Shawn  looked at me in wonder but he smiled.  I put my hand  back 
under  the  quilt  and onto his member.  He  slid  down  further, 
pressing  his bottom against my leg.  That made it easier for  me 
to  hold him but he had other things in mind.  Now his  own  hand 
was close enough to my dick that he was able to sqeeze it through 
my  shorts.   I reached over and released my  hardness  from  its 
shorts  and  my dick stuck straight towards him.  Neither  of  us 
could  see what we were doing under the blanket but we  held  and 
sqeezed  each  other's dicks.  As I would squeeze his,  he  would 
squeeze  mine. As I would rub his up and down, he would rub  mine 
similarly.  As I would roll my thumb across the head of his dick, 
he  would  do the same to mine.  I knew I was drooling  all  over 
his hand for his fingers were slippery.

"You  better quit that," he whispered and I nodded and rolled  my 
eyes and smiled, saying, "Really!"

"Jason," Shawn called.  "Go to bed...you're half asleep!"
"No I'm not," the ten year old insisted.
"Yes  you  are...go  on upstairs.  I'm not dragging  you  to  bed 
again."  With that, Jason got up and dragged his own self out  of 
the room and up the creaky stairway.
 
I  knew that we were finally alone and no one would surprise  us.  
Any movement in THIS old house and you can hear it.  After he was 
gone, I turned back to Shawn.
 
"Okay...now I'm gonna get you off," I said as I leaned up and put 
myself  between his legs.  "I'm dying to find out how  sweet  you 
taste."   I gave Shawn no time to think about it.  As  I  removed 
the quilt from his lap, I saw his firm young dick.  His head  was 
reddish and perfectly formed.  Sticking straight up.  I uncovered 
his  privates completely by sliding the stretched leg elastic  to 
the opposite side of his scrotum.  It revealed a twinge of  curly 
brownish  hair...only  a  whisp  around  his  otherwise  hairless 
midsection.   With a featherlight touch, I grazed his gonads  and 
ran  my  nail ever so lightly on up to the end of his  dick.   He 
flenched  and  his dick bounced firmly up to meet my  finger.   I 
reached my fingers around and gave it a firm squeeze.  The  skin 
stretched  as  it  swelled to its maximum  firmness.   Finally  I 
lowered  my grasp to hold Shawn's organ at its base  and  reached 
down and took the head of his boy organ into my mouth, getting it 
wet  and putting biting pressure with my lips.  He was rock  hard 
and  sticking straight up.  Finally I tasted him with  my  tongue 
and it was everything I had hoped for.  I wet his penis, took  my 
mouth  off of it and rubbed its wetness across the outside of  my 
mouth, across my cheeks and across my nose.  Ah, the smell of  it 
and the feel of it on my face.  I kissed it then took all of  him 
into my mouth and moved up and down on him, licking and  sucking.  
Within thirty seconds, his thighs tightened and I felt his  whole 
pelvis  shudder  as  he spurted his boyload  into  my  mouth.   I 
withdrew  him,  all but the head so that I could feel  his  semen 
flow  from  the end of his dick onto my tongue and I  tasted  the 
saltiness  of this tiny mandick's treasure.  Shawn was giving  me 
all  he had.  I swallowed his love cum and sucked his dick  until 
he had no more.  There is nothing like boycum.  And nothing  like 
the taste and smell of puberty.
 
Where he had leaned back and tensed his body, he relaxed as if he 
were  dead  of  exhaustion.   I looked up at him as  I  took  his 
boyhood  from my mouth and kissed it and rubbed again  around  my 
mouth and face.
 
"Oh  wow.  That's the first time it ever felt THAT good!"   Shawn 
closed  his  eyes and opened his mouth as he lay  on  the  couch, 
totally spent.  I leaned forward and kissed his lips.  He  closed 
them  only slightly and remained totally relaxed so I could  kiss 
him and lick his beautiful mouth.  I held his cheeks in my  hands 
and kissed all over his boyface.
 
"You  are  so sweet, Shawn."  I just held him,  kissed  him,  and 
stroked his curly hair.  "You're just delicious.  I want to  lick 
you all over."
 
He just lay there but whispered, "After that, you can do whatever 
you want."
 
"I haven't had enough of you yet, boy." I whispered back.
 
With that, I reached down and slipped his underpants off of  him.  
His  dick was still swollen but no longer hard.  Shawn was  small 
for his age so I easily lifted his legs upwards.  I ran my  hands 
under  his oversized shirt from his hips up his sides and  across 
to his shoulders and back down his chest.   I carressed his flat, 
hairless  chest,  down across his belly and ran my hands  to  the 
outside,  taking his boy bottom in my hands.  The cheeks  of  his 
fanny  were  warm to the touch and babysoft.  I  spread  them  to 
reveal the innner place of his rear end. 
 
"I'm going to lick you everywhere," I whispered, as i lifted  his 
pelvis  up.   His soft legs were over my head and resting  on  my 
shoulders  and  back.  In doing so, his cheeks were spread  so  I 
could  see every pubescent part of him.   I bent down and  licked 
the  length of his dick.  In short strokes, I lowered my  tasting 
to his boysack and licked his balls all around, lingered at their 
base,  just and inch from his hairless ass.  As I ran my  toungue 
around  the edges, I knew he was enjoying the sensation  for  his 
ballsac witdrew and became rough and firm.  And I licked  further 
down;  my  tougue sampling the ridge of rough  skin  between  his 
balls  and his bumhole.  I knew he was enjoying the warm  wetness 
of my tongue in a place he had never felt a mouth's sensation.
 
And then I moved to the reddish flower that was his most  private 
place.   All  over the crack of his little bottom, I gave  him  a 
tonguing  that thought about the similarity between the  lips  of 
his  bottom and the lips of his mouth.  It caused me to  suddenly 
explode in my own lap.  I could hardly concentrate on the washing 
I  was  giving  him, my orgasm was so  intense.   My  whole  body 
shuddered  in a climax caused with no stimulation except for  the 
feeling of my tongue and my mouth on his perfect little fanny.
 
I  hardly noticed that Shawn's dick had grown to its former  size 
and  was  invitingly sticking straight towards  his  bellybutton.  
When  the  rush of my own cumming subsided, I could see  that  he 
wanted more.  So I moved back to give my attention to his boyrod.  
This time he would not be so quick to reach his climax.
 
As Shawn lay on his back with his eyes closed, I told him to just 
stay  relaxed and enjoy the feelings I was giving him.  His  legs 
remained  up  around my neck.  I reached to my thigh,  dipped  my 
index  finger  in my own spent orgasm and wet his anus  with  it.  
And  then  I continued gently sucking, licking and  prodding  his 
penis  as I fingered his rectum.  My finger did not go in  easily 
except  for the fluid which made it easier.  I only entered  with 
the tip of my finger for I didn't want to make him uncomfortable.  
I just played with his asshole, fingering in and out and  around.  
I  concentrated most of my attention is his firm dick and I  felt 
his excitement build to a peak that spent once again in my mouth.  
He came less this time but I enjoyed it nonetheless as I  watched 
his  stomach  muscles tighten and felt the muscles in  his  groin 
spasm  a  half  dozen  times to feed me  what  of  his  boyjuices 
remained in him.
 
"That  was two good ones for me," he sighed.  And then he got  up 
and pushed me backwards so this time it was ME who was laying  on 
my back.  "Lets have a look at this," he said as he uncovered  me 
to return my favors.
 
Shawn  was  surprised to see that I had already cum.   "When  did 
THAT happen?"
 
"When  I  was  licking your buns, pal.  You made  me  cum  in  my 
pants,"  I  said softly, as I watched him clean me  up  with  his 
wadded up underpants.
 
He  grinned.  "Yeah, that was different.  You can do that  to  me 
again if you like it so much."
 
"Count on it, Shawn.  I'll be here for a week."  We leaned up and 
watched  the  credits  to the movie we'd  missed.   As  the  tape 
started to rewind, I kissed my loveboy on the mouth again, got up 
and said "I'll see you tomorrow."
 
                       Chapter 2
 
I slipped between the rough cool cotton sheets on the hidabed  of 
my uncle's living room.  This first night of my weeklong visit to 
the farm was more than I ever dreamed.  I had just seduced Shawn, 
the most beautiful 12 year old I'd ever seen.  I was too keyed up 
to go to sleep.  I recounted the last two hours in my mind.  Just 
across  the  road, I'd been on the couch with this  loveboy.   So 
clearly,  I  remember kissing his face, playing  with  his  long, 
curly  brown locks, sucking his perfect dick, and cumming  in  my 
pants  as  I licked his hairless, sweet asshole.  I  expected  to 
spend  all  week,  just  finding  satisfaction  to  squeeze   his 
buttcheeks  once.   But tasting him all over,  the  first  night.  
I hadnt expected to be so lucky.  Twelve years old, cumming twice 
in  my  mouth.  Liking it.  Wanting to do more.  I  could  hardly 
wait for tomorrow.  The only things I thought that might give  me 
trouble  would be getting myself away from my aunt and uncle  and 
getting him away from his ten year old brother, Jason.
 
Finally  I went to sleep.  While my aunt and uncle were  up  long 
before  daybreak,  I slept until nearly nine.  I awoke  and  just 
laid quietly, feeling my morning hardon more intensely than usual 
as I visualized last night's session with Shawn on his couch.   I 
loved  his legs, laying across my lap.  How he spread them  so  I 
could  play  with  his  thighs and work  my  hands  down  to  his 
underpants.  And my surprise to find his rather large dick  stiff 
under  the  cotton cloth.  Even though a blanket  covered  us,  I 
visualized  what his small fingers looked like as he played  with 
my dick as I played with his.  What a night it was!  Well the day 
wouldn't  promise anything if I didn't get up to start it.  So  I 
got up, went into the bathroom and took a shower.
 
"Well  typical...city people sleep half the day," smiled my  aunt 
as  she fried me two eggs and bacon.  I was already  fully  awake 
 but I wasted no time getting a cup of coffee down.
 
"So you were across the street quite a while?" she asked.
 
"Oh yeah," I said.  "Watched a movie with the boys.  I can't ever 
go to bed before about midnight."  I was hungry so I wolfed  down 
those eggs.  "Where's Chucky?"  
 
"Your uncle is out in the southwest pasture counting cattle.   He 
wants you to drive over there.  I dont think you've seen it."
 
"Yeah,  okay,"  I answered.  "First I want to wake up.   This  is 
vacation...I don't want him putting me to work."
 
Teresa smiled.  "Not to worry. He just wanders around  pretending 
to  be busy.  Those cows out there take care of  themselves  this 
time  of year."  She went on.  "You know Chucky...he  spends  his 
time in town at that country bar with his VFW friends."
 
The  screen  door opened and I turned around,  expecting  to  see 
Uncle  Chuck.   I inhaled suddenly when I saw it was  Shawn.   He 
bravely  made himself at home by just walking right  in,  sitting 
down next to me at the kitchen table.
  
Teresa  didn't  smile.   "Well  I  suppose  you  want  eggs  too, 
Shawny...your mom didn't feed you this morning?"
 
"Nope...I slept too late."  Shawn grabbed a piece of toast off of 
my plate, looked me straight in the eye and painted a very  wide, 
pretend smile on his face.  "Long time no see!"
 
"Yeah,  right!"  I said, as I doubled my fist and tapped  him  on 
his arm.  "So what are you doing today, bud?"
 
"Hanging  around with you."  He filled his mouth with  toast  and 
gave  me a long, penetrating stare.  His eyes said it all  and  I 
knew it would be a great day.
  
We finished breakfast and I told Shawn the bad news.  I had to go 
see my uncle in the southwest pasture.  "But you can tag along in 
case I get lost."
 
"MMMkay," Shawn pretended nonchalance.  "Jason's coming.  Mom and 
dad are gone so I have to watch him."
 
 "Okay,  fine,"  I  answered cheerfully.  But I  showed  him  some 
disappointment with my eyes.  We got up and said our goodbyes and 
thanks  to  Teresa and then headed for the car.   He  ran  ahead.  
Today  he was wearing a tank top and a pair of cotton shorts.   I 
looked  at  his narrow buns and visualized what I  had  seen  the 
night before...his cute white ass spread out before my face.
 
As  I got in the car, he was already in the front seet.   He  put 
his back to the door, turned his body to face me, spread his legs 
and lifting one foot up to the console between our bucket  seats.  
My eyes went immediately to his loins.  Once again, I was looking 
at  his  underpants between the open, loose legs of  his  shorts.  
His  undies were stretched out and I could see his boysac in  the 
morning light.  He was offering a look and I took it.
 
"I sure had fun with THAT last night, Shawny!"
 
"Yeah I know.  So did I."  I backed out onto the gravel  driveway 
and  Shawn told me to stop by his place to pick up  his  brother.  
We did and Shawn sat up on the console as Jason climbed into  the 
car.
 
"Its  about time," Jason whined.  "I thought you guys were  going 
to leave me here alone."  Jason's not so bad looking either.  His 
hair  is  darker and his eyes are brown.  Unlike  Shawn,  Jason's 
complexion is much darker.  He's alittle bit heavier but not fat.  
Both  boys  have  long, unkept hair.  Jason too wore  a  pair  of 
shorts and a tanktop.  He was cute...but noisy.
 
We  drove the country roads to the far pasture.  I rested my  arm 
on  Shawn's bare leg as I tried to keep in physical contact  with 
him as much as I could.  He made it easy.  He put his arm  around 
my   neck  as  I  drove.   All  I  could  think  about   was   my 
disappointment  that  Jason was along for I would  have  been  in 
Shawn's pants even now, had we been alone.
 
Twice,  Jason got out.  Ten year old farmboys know how to  unhook 
wire  fencegates, open them for cars to pass and then close  them 
to prevent the livestock from doing the same.  I looked at him as 
he walked back to the car, thinking here's the little brother  of 
the  boy  I sucked last night.  Briefly, the thought  crossed  my 
mind that these two boys might someday be doing the same thing to 
each other.  But the thought passed.
 
My  uncle  was parked on the very far side of  the  pasture.   We 
drove  down  a deep valley and across to the ridge on  the  other 
side  where his pickup was, next to a treelined draw.  I  watched 
the  tireruts  carefully to prevent my car  from  bottoming  out.  
When we got there, both boys and I jumped out and walked over  to 
him.  Chuck was just standing there watching us.  It was  already 
getting warm.
 
"Hey  Nephew," he drawled. " You just about missed me.  I've  got 
things  to  do."  We chatted awhile while the boys  took  off  to 
explore  the nearby treeline.  Chuck said he had to go into  town 
and he asked if I could get back without getting stuck.

"No problem....I followed the path pretty well."  I told him  how 
peaceful it is out here.
 
"You're  right about that."  He walked towards his  pickup.   "If 
you want to see some nature, go down there past the treeline  and 
you'll see the best fishing pond in this county."
 
And he added, "You watch those kids though...they can get  pretty 
ornery."    Ornery isn't the word I would have used  about  Shawn 
but I answered that I'd take care of em.
 
With that, he started up his Ford and headed across the  pasture.  
When truck disappeared over a ridgeline, I walked into the little 
forest and yelled for Shawn.
 
"Over HERE!" he yelled back.  I followed the voice and found both 
boys sitting next to the pond.  It was in a clearing.  It had  to 
be twenty yards across.  It was completely secluded by a treeline 
on one side and tall grass on the other.  There were cattle paths 
on the far side and I knew it was a source of water for the  cows 
which were grazing on the hill.
 
"Well, Chucker's gone into town.  What'll we do?"
 
"SKINNYDIP!" Shawn yelled, almost like a challenge.
 
"Yeah, lets DO it!" answered Jason.  Both boys looked to me for a 
reaction.   It was warming up and I was pretty interested in  the 
prospect  of seeing these two boys running bare assed naked  into 
that  water.  I reached down with my hand and sampled  the  water 
temperature.   The  water  was  shallow  and  still  due  to  the 
windbreak.  I could see the muddy bottom but just ten yards away, 
it  was  deeper and a large treetrunk formed a waterbreak  as  it 
extended  into  deep  water. It almost like a  dock  the  way  it 
jutted  straight into the lake.  I expected the water to be  cold 
since it was early June.  But in the shallows it was very  warm--
almost bathlike.  I didn't say anything for afew seconds as if  I 
were  pondering  a  tough decision.  But I  sensed  some  serious 
eagnerness.   A little more silence, just to tease them.  
 
"Sure...why  not?"  I looked at Shawn and he  grinned.   Farmboys 
know  all  about  skinnydipping in ponds and in  a  flash,  their 
shorts were in figure eight circles as they stepped out of  them.  
Tanktops came off in an instant and both boys bottoms dropped  to 
the  ground and fast fingers were working on their  shoes.   They 
got  up and took to the water before I even had my  belt  undone.  
But  I stopped long enough to see two bouncing  boybutts  heading 
into  the  pond.  Shawn has a nice shape.  He's slender  but  his 
shoulders are broad making his back well formed and the V pointed 
to his lovely assmuscles.  I took my eyes off of him long  enough 
to see Jason who was a smaller, but darker version of  boybeauty.  
Such  a  turnon  to see two boys with  long  hair  and  bareskin.  
Shawn's  skin  was whiter than Jasons.  Except for the  ten  year 
old's  bottom.  It was apparent that the younger boy had  already 
worked up a presummer tan because I could see the color  contrast 
between tan and previously unexposed fanny.
 
As they reached two foot water, they collapsed their legs and the 
mud  they stirred up hid their bodies.  Splashing, the  water  on 
their  shoulders glistened in the late morning sun.  Off came  my 
shirt  and pants, shoes and socks.  I wanted in the water  before 
my dick gave away my lust.  Both boys turned and watched me,  now 
naked,  wading  out to them.  I was swelling abit and  trying  to 
avoid  looking  at  them.  I looked at the cows  grazing  in  the 
distance  and tried to think about COWS until my growing  manhood 
was submerged.
 
"I told you he was big," Shawn said.  His brother stared directly 
at my loins.  I didn't know what the hell to think.
 
"What?"  I muttered.
 
Shawn smiled.  "I told him what we did last night."
 
A shot of fear ran through me...but not for long.
 
"We've  never sucked before but I told him that its  better  than 
just playing around."
 
I  waded past them into deeper water to make my  modesty  alittle 
more  comfortable.  Both boys followed me.  I was in about  three 
feet  or more of water now and I crouched down to leave  only  my 
neck  and chest exposed.  The boys struggled with the  depth  and 
each  grabbed onto a shoulder, one on each side.  The water  this 
deep was cooler but I started getting used to it.  Shawn  shifted 
himself in front of me and gently sat on my right thigh.  I could 
feel his thighs resting on my leg and I studied his nose and eyes 
as he was right in front of my face.  Instinctively I brought  my 
arm down and rested my hand on his bare hip.  A place where there 
should  be swimsuit but there was none and the water didn't  feel 
cold anymore because I was warming up all over.
 
I  didn't know what to think about Jason but he  shifted  himself 
too towards my front and he straddled my other thigh and squeezed 
his  legs together, gripping me.  I could feel the pressure of  a 
hard on coming.  I knew his ass was resting on my leg.
 
"Well  this  is pretty fun, no doubt about it," I said in  a  low 
tone to these two naked boys.  I dropped my right hand to Shawn's 
bare  bottom and spread my fingers so as to cover as much of  his 
fleshy  asscheeks  as  I could hold.  And my  left  hand  reached 
around  Jason's  waist and I pulled him towards  me.   Somebody's 
body touched my stiff dick but I wasnt even sure whose.
 
"Feel his dick, Jase," Shawn ordered.  I knew then it was  Shawns 
leg against me and I watched the top of Jason's arm move  towards 
me.  A small hand found my underwater hardon and squeezed it.
 
"Boy  he's  bigger NOW," Jason giggled.  I figured  I  was  about 
three  feet  long  and hard as a steel rod.  I  never  felt  more 
excited in my life as I felt Jason's small fingers squeezing  and 
examining.   He  was  alittle clumsy with it  and  that  made  me 
even hotter.

I  pulled my left hand from the back of Jason's waist  and  found 
his little peter sticking straight out.  And with my other  hand, 
I  ran  my index finger down Shawn's crack and  played  with  has 
asshole.
 
"So you guys play with each other, huh?" I said to Jason.
 
"Yeah,  Shawny likes me to jack him off.  But I'm not old  enough 
to cum yet."  The boys looked at each other and Shawn nodded.
 
"We  never fool around with anybody else."  Shawn added and  then 
he  reached down and put his hand on my dick so I had two  little 
hands on it.
 
"I hope mine gets as big as yours...and Jason's too."
 
Both  boys laughed.  I moved my right hand from Shawn's fanny  to 
his front and felt his hardness, just as it was last night.
 
"I'd  say  you'll  get there but Jason's got a ways  to  go."   I 
squeezed  both  of them at the same time, comparing  their  size.  
Shawn  had a dick and Jason still had a peepee, I  thought.   But 
their hardness was equal, if not their size.  So here we were  in 
a  pond out in the middle of nowhere, naked and  squeezing  each 
other's dicks.
 
"So  what dirty little deeds do you boys wanna do?" I asked  them 
as I squeezed their dicks all the more.
 
Jason  was quick to answer.  "I want you to show me how you  suck 
Shawny," he said nonchalantly.  There was no guilt in his  voice.  
He was just as matter of fact as if he wanted me to show him  how 
to hook a worm.  "And then I want you to suck ME."
 
"Yeah,  I can do that," I said. "But first, lets play  around  in 
the water for alittle while.  We'll do that after we get out."
 
I thought a minute about what delights we might try before  that.  
While I thought about it, I moved my hands all over their bodies, 
moving  from  their dicks to their hips and asses.   Shawn's  was 
very  accessible because it stuck out to the right of  my  thigh.  
As  I  felt around Jason's back and reached for  his  bottom,  he 
leaned up on his straddle of my left leg and gave me access.
 
Without  saying  a  word,  Shawn  changed  positions  so  he  too 
straddled my thigh...only he was on my right leg.  I had each  of 
my  index fingers massaging a different boyhole.  As  I  released 
them  and  brushed  their hips and brought my  fingers  to  their 
dicks,  both boys leaned back to give me their frontsides.   Even 
though  they  were virtually weightless in the water,  I  had  to 
shift my balance to keep myself from falling over as I held them.
 
"Lets  go  alittle deeper so I can stand up."  And with  that,  I 
shoved both boys off of my thighs and put my arms around each  of 
their waists and started moving to where the water was closer  to 
five feet.  I wasnt sure what we could do but it seemed like  the 
thing  to  do to try some things.  "Get in the back  Shawny,  and 
stick your dick into my butt."  I knew he wouldnt be able to  get 
that  done but I wanted to feel him against my ass.  I spread  my 
legs wide and bent forward and felt him bring his hips up against 
me  and  I felt his hardness up against my  asscrack.   His  dick 
found  my  asshole  and he pushed.  It felt nice but  I  knew  he 
wasn't  going to get inside.  I floated Jason on his back and  he 
spread his legs before my face while I kept him bouyed.  His dick 
was  just  out of the water so I pulled him closer to  me  and  I 
kissed its firm underside.  It stuck straight up towards the  sky 
as he wrapped his legs around my neck.
 
Shawn  had  tried what I asked but he grew bored.   I  moved  him 
around  the  front  to join Jason.  They let me move  them  as  I 
wanted so I put Shawn where his dick might be shoved against  his 
litlte brother's ass.  He wasn't impressed.
 
"Lets  get  out and go suck."  I could tell he  didn't  have  the 
assfetish  that  I did.  With that, I said fine and I  towed  the 
boys  to  more shallow water.  When they  reached  a  comfortable 
depth, they took off on their own and waded to shore.  All  three 
of  us marched out of the water bareskin naked into the  sunlight.  
Three hardons.

"Grab  your  clothes and lets hustle for cover."  I  didn't  like 
having sex with two little boys out in the open, even if we  were 
a long ways from humanity.  As we got to the treeline, I used  my 
shirt  to  wipe the large droplets of water  from  Shawn's  skin.  
"Lets get dried off after our little baths."
 
I  felt  abit  chilled but Jason used his shirt to  dry  me.   He 
didn't  seem  abit  cold.   I guess farmboys  are  just  used  to 
swimming.   We  walked  into  the trees  which  were  very  tall, 
providing a high ceiling.  There was little foliage on the ground 
and the dirt was covered with last year's fallen leaves.

"This will be nice," I said when I found a place that provided us 
abit of cover.  I sat down in front of the boys, surveying  their 
nakedness.   I  studied  the differences  between  their  bodies.  
Shawn  was beginning a sprout of hair above his  semi-hard  dick.  
Jason's  pencil boner still stuck straight out.  There  wasn't  a 
hair on him except on his head.  "You two are sure cute!" I said, 
as I flicked their dicks playfully.  "So what shall we do?"
 
Both boys answered almost at the same time.  "Suck!" they said.
 
"Well,  youre gonna get a good lesson, guys, because I  can  suck 
the  chrome off of a trailer hitch."  It was one of  my  favorite 
lines.   Shawn laughed but Jason didn't get it.  "Who gets to  be 
first?"
 
"HE does," said Jason.  "He's older."
 
"That won't break your heart, will it Shawny?" I grinned.
 
"Nope."  Shawn laid down and spread his legs.  His dick grew abit 
at  the thought of it.  I studied his hard, red head,  his  thick 
four inch shaft and his ballsac.  Jason laid down beside him  and 
put his head very close to his brother's hip.  The ten year  old 
wanted a close look.
 
"First, you tease him a little bit."  I took Shawn's boydick in my 
hand,  held  it perpendicular to his body to make it  harder.   I 
opened  my  mouth  and put a hot breath on it.  As  he  felt  the 
warmness,  the  muscles  in his groin  contracted  and  his  dick 
spasmed in my hand.  "Then you get him wet...you kiss it and lick 
it.   Make it last awhile." I showed him how to make love to  the 
underside of a boydick.  Kissing and licking.
 
"Very  special  place, right here," I instructed as I  darted  my 
tongue across the rim of Shawn's head. "How you doin, Shawny?"
 
Shawn's chest rose and fell in deep breaths.  He was laying  back 
with his eyes closed.  "No complaints here!"  As I paused to look 
up, I squeezed his dick with my hand and a droplet appeared.
 
"That's called precum.  It's very slippery," I lectured.
 
 
I  smiled,  visualizing these boys playing with each  other  when 
they were supposed to be sleeping.  "I guess you know a lot about 
your brother, eh?"  
 
"Yeah.  He likes me to spread it around with my fingers."
 
Shawn  interrupted.  "Enough of this school.   You're  forgetting 
about ME!"
 
I  didn't need to be prompted.  I put his dick back in  my  mouth 
and  enjoyed the slightly salty, slippery taste on my tongue.   I 
sucked him harder now and took all of him in my mouth.
 
"Shawny's gonna cum pretty soon." Jason predicted.  "What are you 
going to do?"
 
I'm  gonna LET him...it's good." I went back to Shawn and  worked 
him.
 
"Can I try it?" Jason had had enough instruction.
 
"If its okay with Shawn, it's okay with me."  Shawn nodded as  he 
kept  his eyes closed.  Jason and I traded places.  The ten  year 
old grabbed his shorts and wiped my saliva off of his brother.  I 
smiled  at that little touch of sanitation.  He wiped it once  as 
if it was a Cokebottle and then proceeded to put his lips to  the 
head.  It both excited and amused me as I saw this youngster  put 
his brother's now "cleaner" dick in his mouth and suck on it just 
as  I had.  He was on his hands and knees.  I watched him  for  a 
moment,  partly to see if he was doing it right and partially  to 
fill  my  eyes with something I'd never seen  before...two  young 
boys engaged in sucking.  
 
Don't bite him...keep your teeth off of him," I cautioned.
"While  you do HIM, I'll do you, Jase."  I said as I got  up  and 
ran  my hands along Jason's bare boyback.  I carressed his  fanny 
and  told him to spread his legs alittle.  Jason  obeyed  without 
stopping the blow job he was giving his older brother.
 
I crawled around behind the younger boy's ass and got down on  my 
own  elbows  and knees and proceeded to kiss his  asscheeks.   My 
tongue danced up and down his crack; I felt the firm boyflesh  on 
each side of my tongue and I probed the center where his  rosebud 
surely  was. Jason arched his back to open himself as  my  tongue 
found  it.  Knowing we had just finished a nice swim,  I  eagerly 
centered  on  his little hole and I licked it  intently,  probing 
with  the  tip of my tongue.  He spread even more and I  used  my 
fingertips to spread his cheeks further so I could press my  face 
into his ass.  I rubbed my lips and cheeks all over his  boybutt. 
And  then turned around and laid down under him.  His short  legs 
made  his  dick protrude down to a perfect level for me  take  it 
completely  into  my  mouth.  It was small but hard  as  a  thick 
pencil.   I reached around and played with the cheeks of  Jason's 
fanny and his tiny boysac.  It was round and firm.
 
Shawn groaned and I knew Jason was about to get a mouthful of his 
brother's  juice.   Not  alot, for Shawny  was  only  twelve.   I 
stopped  sucking  the  ten year old but I kept his  penis  in  my 
mouth. I wanted to listen to what happened.  Jason coughed  twice 
as  Shawn squirted his boyhood into his little brother's  sucking 
and  unprepared  mouth.  Jason rose up quickly and I  turned  and 
crawled  over  to Shawn.  There was boycum oozing  from  his  wet 
dick.
 
Quickly  I  said, "Ya don't waste this" and then I put  my  mouth 
back  on  Shawn and sucked the remaining bit  of  his  dickjuice.  
When I was finished, I leaned up and said, "And I like to kiss my 
boy so he can taste himself too."
 
With  that, I planted a deep kiss on Shawny, making sure he  got 
to share what little boycum I had gotten from him.

Jason had taken it all in.  "Well, I'll do better next time,"  he 
promised.  "Gee I wish I could cum.  It must be really good.
 
"Well, you will," I reassured him.  "And you did a good job.  Let 
Shawn suck on you for a little while.  I think I'll just watch."
 
Shawn  was  agreeable.   He and his  brother  traded  places.   I 
watched  Shawn start on his little brother.  But I couldn't  just 
watch.   I  had  had so much fun working the boys  over,  I  felt 
alittle  left  out.   So as Shawn remained on  elbows  and  knees 
sucking  his  brother, I moved to the older  boy's  backside  and 
started rubbing my hardness up and down the crack of his upturned 
bottom.  He was too dry so I stopped, reached down and gave him a 
very  wet  buttlick.   And another.   Unlike  his  brother  whose 
spincter muscles remained very tight when I tongued him,  Shawn's 
asshole  seemed to open abit.  My tongue darted in as far  as  it 
could  go.  It didn't go far but I was able to insert the tip  of 
my tongue and lick in and out ever so slightly.
 
I  spit on him and replaced my tongue with my dick which was  wet 
with  slipperyness.  His ass would be unaccustomed to a  dick  so 
large so again, I opted not to ruin his afternoon with pain.   So 
I just rubbed my own dick around his asshole and gently poked  at 
the opening.
 
"How's he doing, Shawny?"
 
"This  is  a lot better than when he just plays  with  me,"  Jason 
said.  "It feels warm."  And he became breathless. "...and WET!"
I  looked  up  and saw Jason bounce on  the  ground.   Jason  was 
getting off.
 
"Suck him hard, Shawny!"
 
Shawny did as I told him and Jason bounced again before  relaxing 
as if he were dead.
 
"See, even a little guy can do pretty well," I told them.
 
Jason just blew quietly as he began to rest.  Shawn got up.   His 
mouth was alittle red.
 
"Jase's still dry tho."  Shawn gently wiped his own spit from his 
lips.
 
Jason  leaned up as if he were coming to from  unconsiousness.  I 
think  Shawn had had enough sucking for one day but  Jason  said, 
"Well, its time to do YOU."  He reached up and pulled at my  arm.  
I let him pull me down to a laying position and I turned over  on 
my  back.  Shawn watched as Jason leaned over my leg and took  as 
much  of me in his mouth as he could.  I gently moved Jason  from 
my  side to between my legs.  He did better for the shape  of  my 
dick fit his mouth better straight up and down.
 
I'd seen and done so much I knew it wouldn't take long.
 
"I'm  not sure you want me to cum in your mouth, hot  lips!   
I've a lot to give."  Jason nodded up and down but he didn't stop.  
His mouth wasn't big enough to take much of me but what he was  
doing felt  just  fine.   I loved the look of his curly  hair  
and  his turned-up  nose and his little fingers holding me.   
Seeing  his youth  just excited me more.  The only thing that gets 
me  hotter is licking little boybutts.

"C'here,  Shawny baby." I was trying to shut my  excitement  down 
for  a  moment because I wanted to come with Shawn's  ass  in  my 
mouth.  "Let me taste your young ass again...straddle me."
 
Shawn was agreeable enough.  I reached up and guided him, turning 
him  around and bringing his ass down on my face.  He knelt  down 
with one knee on each side of me.  His fanny was widely spread in 
this position and he just leaned back, lowering his bottom to  my 
face.   The instant my tongue touched his asshole I was aware  of 
both my lips and my dick and my entire body started to tingle.  I 
felt electrified.
 
I paused long enough to say "NOW, Jason....jack me off."
Jason replaced his mouth with his hand and started rubbing me.  I 
tightened  my  groin muscles to prevent my climax and  it  served 
only to heighten the feeling throughout my body.  I put my  mouth 
on  Shawny's ass and have him a long, deep kiss and proceeded  to 
shoot  everything  inside me in long,  powerful  thrusts.   Jason 
pretty  nearly  kept time with my spasms, making them  even  more 
intense.   I nearly passed out as I felt my orgasm while  sucking 
and kissing deeply on Shawn's fannyhole.
 
"God...look at THAT!" Jason exclaimed.  My orgasm was so intense, 
I had splattered Shawn's chest, possibly as far away from my dick 
as  eighteen inches.  I had no idea for Shawny was sitting on  my 
face and I was semiconscious when it happened.
 
I lay there exhausted.  Jason watched Shawn spread my cum on  his 
chest,  seeing how much there was.  And Shawn then bent  down  on 
one  elbow and took my dick in his hand. He put his mouth  on  me 
and  licked  the remaining off of the head.  His ass  moved  away 
from  me for he was too short to sixtynine me.  When I opened  my 
eyes,  I  reached up and just held his cheeks as he  finished  my 
dick, sucking out what tiny amount I had not expelled.
 
"I wanted a taste too," Shawn said, explaining himself.
 
"Hey, that was a nice touch, little lover."  
 
We  all got up at the same time.  "I think it's time for  another 
swim."  I knew Shawn was pretty sticky so I led the boys back  to 
the  water.  We waded in, rubbed and washed each other  with  our 
hands.   And then we swam and just had alittle regular fun.   But 
it was nothing like what had happened in the treeline.
 
I  didn't know if I was going to survive five more  vacation  days 
with these boys or not!
 

