From - Tue Sep 24 13:43:51 1996
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!news.sgi.com!news.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!in3.uu.net!news.u.washington.edu!news.alt.net!newspost1.alt.net!default
From: hm300@hotmail.com (David Roch)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.stories.incest
Subject: - farmhelp.txt [02/03]
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 96 06:00:10 GMT
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Affordable Usenet Access - http://www.alt.net
Lines: 1001
Message-ID: <522kob$akd@tofu.alt.net>
X-Newsreader: News Xpress 2.0 Beta #0
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:24080 alt.sex.stories.incest:5844 alt.stories.incest:397

at the same time.  If it was an apple it would have been perfect 
for picking.  I covered all the way down over the backs of her 
legs and over her feet too.

"There, you're turn," I said holding out the bottle to her.

"No, it's not," she said rolling over with a smile on her face, 
"you still haven't done my front."

"But you can do that yourself."

"Are you a quiter Uncle Charlie, you're no where's near being 
done, are you going to quit now?"

"I'm not a quiter."

"Then finish," she said grinning up at me.  She damn well knew 
that if I didn't she'd be beating me with the I told you so 
sticks, for the rest of my stay and maybe a little longer but if 
I went on....  I didn't have much of a choice my pride demanded 
that I go on, so I started back at her throat again, and slowly 
started moving down over her chest.  I nearly bit my tongue as 
my hands moved on to her breasts.  They were perfect on her, 
each one fit perfectly in one of my hands.

I rubbed her all the way down to her toes again, taking more 
time than I'd meant to.  When I finished with her toes I moved 
to move away but she had more for me to do.  "You're not 
finished yet."

"Sure I am."

"No," she said spreading her legs.  "You haven't done my pussy 
yet, and we don't want that to burn do we?"

"I suppose not," I said taking a fresh squirt of the sunscreen 
knowing this was going to be the killer of it all.  I rubbed my 
hand into her cunt, smothering it in the sunscreen.  The 
surprising thing was the amount of heat it was generating.  And 
if it hadn't been for the oily sunscreen I would have sworn her 
pussy was soaked in her own juices.

"My turn," she said getting up and taking the bottle from me.  I 
laid down as quickly as possible to hide as much of my erection 
that was possible before she could see it, knowing that I had to 
get it down since she probably expected to be doing my front 
too.

She stradled my back and started kneading the sunscreen into my 
shoulders, and then working down my back as far as she could 
reach from her position, then she reached back down between my 
legs and cupped my balls rubbing the sunscreen into them.  My 
erection throbbed at her touch becoming even stiffer than it had 
been under me.  Slowly she slid her whole body down further and 
started rubbing the stuff into the small of my back and my ass.  
Taking what seemed extra time working over my ass.

"You have a gorgeous body," Helen said softly as she started 
rubbing into my legs.  "It's so well muscled.  You must work out 
or something right?"

"I go to the gym at least once a week.  But most of it's because 
of working on the farm when I was young."

"Daddy worked on the farm most of his life, but he still had a 
belly."

"That's because he drank alot of that beer of his, that's why 
there called beer bellies."

"I suppose you're right," she laughed smacking my side.  "Turn 
over."

"I turned over, praying that she would just accept my erect 
cock."

"You've got a big one Charlie," she said her eyes heading 
straight for it.  Then she pretended to ignore it, but I knew 
that her eyes kept glancing towards it.  I mean, I couldn't 
blame her, the thing was standing up like a flag pole, with the 
purple head just screaming look at me!

She worked her way up from my feet all the time while working 
over top of me unlike how I had worked to the side of her.  She 
ignored my cock and kept working all the way up.  Then when she 
had finished rubbing my neck she leaned over and kissed me.  And 
I mean she kissed me!

"What are you doing," I asked looking at her.

"I think you know," she said smiling before kissing me again and 
lowering her body down ontop of mine.

"Helen we can't!"

"Why not?  It's been a long time since I was last with a man.  
And you're absolutely delicous," she said kissing me again, 
slipping her tongue into my mouth.  "Oh, I almost forgot one 
place," she said getting up.  "You know you want this Charlie," 
she said squirting more sunscreen out onto her palm, then 
rubbing it over her own cunt.  "Your cocks' so hard, and long.  
And fat too.  Oh I'm going to love this.  I've been turned on 
all morning just thinking about this moment Charlie, your not 
going to denie me what I want," she said softly as she lowered 
herself back down onto me and then pressing her lips to mine.

She kissed me again and again, until I started meeting her 
tongue half way.  She was absolutely impossible to resist.  I 
ran my hands down over her back and cupped her firm ass and 
squeezed it.  She let out a small moan and then broke the kiss 
sounding almost breathless.  "This is fun," she said in a near 
whisper.  "But I think it's time we got the sunscreen on your 
cock."

Then she slid a hand between us and position my cock at her hot 
entrance and then thrust back onto it.  She slid off of me a 
little and then pushed back again taking more of me into her hot 
tight pussy.  She repeated the move twice before she had my 
entire cock in her pussy.  "It's so big," she squealed delighted 
giving me another kiss before sitting up and started to ride me 
enthusiastically.

I couldn't believe it, two days at my sisters house and I was 
already in the middle of screwing her eldest daughter.  The only 
thing that was really going through my head was not concern of 
what Pam would think but about who the lucky guy was that took 
this young vixens cherry.

I grabbed at Helen's tits squeezing them between my hands as she 
moaned and screamed in pleasure as she rode my cock.  When I 
felt the familiar onset coming, I turned her over so that she 
was on her back and started thrusting into her.  "Oh fuck me 
Charlie, fuck me!" Helen screamed with every thrust I made while 
she bucked against me after wrapping her legs around my body.

She squealed as her body started shaking as her orgasm began.  I 
thrust into her hot clingy cunt as quickly as I could until I 
exploded inside of her warmth, pulsing load after load of jizm 
into her steamy hole.

"Mmmmm...you were wonderful Charlie," Helen said after we had 
rested for a couple of minutes, before giving me another one of 
her sweet kisses.

"You're pretty sweet yourself," I said softly cupping the back 
of her head and returning her kiss.  "But I think we better get 
moving or we'll really be late by the time we get back to the 
farm house."

"What's another fifteen minutes," she said grinning before 
kissing me and rolling on top of me.  When we got back to the 
farm house we were only an hour late, but I was hoping that it 
wasn't enough to make Pam suspicious, the last thing I needed 
was for her to find out that her daughter and I had stopped to 
fuck each other's brains out.

Pam greeted us when we arrived asking "What took you's so long?"

"We stopped for a swim, and to sun bathe for a little while," 
Helen replied still hanging on to the smile that she had the 
entire trip back.  Pam looked at me for a second and then patted 
my horse on the neck.  "Well, you two better get them into the 
barn and give them their rub down."

"Sure Mom, come on Charlie," Helen said as her and her horse 
walked passed me.

"Did she show you everything Charlie?"

"I think so, although I don't know really how I could say that 
she hadn't since I don't really know all of what's out there."

"Well, I hope you enjoyed yourself then," Pam replied with a 
grin before looking at the horse.  "You better go rub him down, 
he's looking anxious.  Do a thorough job, but don't take too 
long, I've nearly got dinner on the table."

"All right, I promise we won't take too long."

"Good."

When I got to the barn, Helen was already starting to rub down 
her own horse, and she was talking to the mare, as if she was a 
friend to tell secrets too.  Because as soon as I was in the 
barn she stopped whispering.  I got off of my horse and unloaded 
the saddle from his back and picked up a brush that Helen had 
left on the counter for me and started rubbing down Firestar, 
the horse that I had been riding.

When we got our horses stored for the night Helen was waiting 
for me inside the barn door.  Once I got closer she moved 
towards me and wrapped her arms around me giving me a kiss while 
her hands drifted down to grab at my ass.  "Charlie, I want you 
again," she whispered as one of her hands came around to my 
front and caressed my crotch.

"Helen, we can't now your mother's waiting for us to eat 
dinner."

"I know,  but come to my room tonight when everybody else is 
asleep, I'll be waiting for you," she said then gave me another 
quick kiss before heading out of the barn.

Well, suffice it to say that most of the night I was thinking 
about what would happen when everybody else was asleep.  And 
also at the same time feeling guilty about what I was doing to 
Pam, because if she ever caught me and Helen together she would 
go through the roof.

Pam and I had another quiet chat outside again after everyone 
else had gone to bed.  Even though it was only the second time 
we'd done it, it was nice having an adult conversation amd some 
time alone with her.  It lasted for a half an hour, and by the 
end of it, I was signed up to be her lamaze coach.

"Well," she said standing up, and then leaning over and giving 
me a kiss on the lips.  "Good night Charlie.  Tomorrow's going 
to be a long day, the cattle need to be moved to the southern 
pasture.  The men will be here around six, I'll see you then."

I sat outside for another fifteen minutes just enjoying the 
night air before going inside.  There wasn't a sound in the 
entire house, except for the creaking.  I stayed in my room for 
another half hour before deciding that it was probably safe, 
then I sneaked my way up to Helen's bedroom, and as quietly as I 
could let myself in.

"I can't stay for long, I've got to be up early in the morning," 
I whispered into her room.  When she heard my voice she pushed 
herself up onto her hands and knees and wiggled her ass in my 
direction.

"Come fuck me," I heard in a hoarse whisper before she pushed 
her face into her pillow.  I expected so that it would keep her 
from moaning and screaming out like she had this afternoon.  I 
didn't need a second calling, I got up on the bed behind her and 
ran my hand over her cunt.

"Your so hot and wet again," I whispered leaning over and 
kissing her back.  Her hand slid out from between her legs and 
gripped my cock, pulling me and guiding me to her wet hole.  I 
slid my cock into her thrusting in and out of her while I 
fondeled her clitoris.  She felt a little different, a little 
more tighter, but I just assumed that the sunscreen had added 
some extra lubricant before.

But it didn't quite feel the same, she was still gorgeous and 
very willing.  But although I couldn't put my finger on it, I 
could swear there was something different.  But the sex was 
still absolutely wonderful, and I loved the way her pussy just 
clung to my cock, even as I deposited another heavy load of cum 
in her pussy.  I had a hold of her hips and was holding them 
back against me as my cock spurted the last of its load into 
her.

"Can I have a kiss Charlie," Helen asked softly, but her voice 
was coming from where it shouldn't have.  I looked in the 
direction of the sound and saw her standing naked by the bed 
watching me.

"Helen?  I-if you're there, wh-who is this?" I said looking down 
at the girl that was still holding my cock inside of her.

"Hi Charlie," the girl said turning around to look at me.

"Shawna!"

"Shhh...keep it down unless you want to wake Mom up!" Helen told 
me softly before leaning forward and kissing me.

"Wh-what are you doing here Shawna."

"Well, you see that's kind of simple.  I told Shawna about what 
happened this afternoon, she said she wanted you to fuck her 
too, so I let her take my place.  Now you can make love to both 
of us."

"B-but...but...."

"But nothing Charlie," Helen said before kissing me again.  "You 
are our lover, and that's just the way we like it.  Isn't it 
Shawna?"

"Yep," Shawna said smiling as she turned over so that she was 
laying on her back.

"But you do need your sleep since tomorrow you have a lot of 
work to do, and we realize that, so tonight, you can go back to 
your own room and sleep.  Since you'd probably get no sleep 
staying here, right Shawna?"

"Yes," Shawna replied getting up on her knees beside where Helen 
was sitting infront of me.  "And we want you to know Charlie, 
that our beds are always open to you, when ever you want."  Then 
Shawna wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed my lips.  "I 
want to thank you for tonight though.  I'm sorry that we had to 
play a trick on you for it to happen but, no that it has, I hope 
your as happy as we are that it did."

"Well, I guess I can't complain about being desired now can I, 
but if your mother ever found out about this."

"Don't worry about Mom," Helen said replacing Shawna's arms 
around my neck with her own.  "Just remember, we're yours any 
time you want."

"And remember two other things," Shawna said softly moving 
closer to me and giving me a kiss around her sister.

"And what's that?"

"That we both love you," she said softly and gave me another 
kiss, this time using her tongue.  "And that your the man of the 
house."  They both than each gave me another kiss, including the 
use of their tongues and caressed my cock.

"Now you better go, before we change our minds and want that 
monster of yours in us again," Helen said giving my butt a 
little pat.  I slipped away from the bed and took a look back at 
the two young women that I had a feeling were going to hold 
quite a grip over me.

"You were right," Shawna said as I started to shut the door.  
"Charlie is way better than he was."  I took that to mean only 
one thing, that I was not the first man that the two of them had 
shared.

The next morning I was up around five o'clock, but since Pam 
said that I didn't have to get up till six I just laid in bed 
thinking about what I was going to do about Shawna and Helen.  I 
mean how could I have an affair with my sisters daughters and 
also find a way to keep Pam from finding out about it.

While I was laying there about five thirty Pam struts into the 
room, stark naked, and I mean I could see everything, her big 
gorgeous tits, her shaved pussy, her gorgeous ass.  Everything.  
"Pam?"

"Oh, good morning Charlie."

"Ummm, Pam, did you realize that you're...."

"Naked.  Yes I know," she replied opening the closet door.  Then 
she pulled out a T-shirt and threw it on the bed.  Then she 
moved around to the other dresser, and pulled out a pair of 
jeans and panties.  "Do you think I can get away with a pair of 
jeans," she asked looking at herself in the mirror while 
rubbinng her stomach, it wasn't all that big.

"Yes, I think you can," I said fighting to get the words out of 
my dry mouth.  "Do you do this all the time?"

"What?"

"Walk into a man's bedroom naked, and get dressed.  Have you 
been doing this since I got here?"

"Well, yes, it was too much work to drag all of my clothes to 
the spare bedroom, so I just figured I'd come in and get 
dressed.  Your the man of the house anyway so what difference 
does it make.  Besides don't you think you should be getting up 
and getting dressed anyway, the men who are coming to help are 
going to be here soon.  You don't want to meet them when you're 
in bed do you?"

"No, of course I don't."

"Then you better get up, shouldn't you?"

"I will just as soon as you're gone."

"Are you embarassed about me seeing you naked or something?"

"Of course not, I'm just not quite ready to get up yet."

"Sure," Pam said smiling as she pulled on her T-shirt.  "What 
ever you say Charlie."  She pulled up her panties and then 
pulled on the jeans.  "Well what's the call, do I still have a 
figure?"

"Yes," I replied grinning at her.  "For now, but I don't know 
how much longer it's going to last."

"Me either, usually I can get along with one more month before 
it's totally gone."

"I don't think you could ever completely loose your figure."

"I'll take that as a compliment," she said smiling.

"As you should."

"Well, I'll get out of your way, if you're embarassed about me 
seeing you naked."

"Are you sure you don't want this room back Pam, it doesn't 
matter to me if I have the guest room or not."

"No Charlie, it's your room for as long as you're here."

Breakfast was another thing, when I was sitting down at the 
kitchen table Helen and Shawna were both smiling at me with no 
regard for there mother's presence at all.  When I followed one 
of the hired farm hands out of the house I heard Pam say 
"Shawna, Helen, you can go out in a little while, but I want to 
talk to you two first."

I knew they wouldn't stand long under Pam's scrutiny, I'd been 
under it enough times when we were young to know, the sooner you 
give out what she wants to know the better you are, and I 
doubted it had changed much.  So I also figured that by the time 
that I got back for supper I'd be out on my ass pretty quick, 
whether she needed help or not.

When we got finished driving all the cattle over to the other 
side of the pasture, we were all basically sweaty, tired, and 
glad the day was done.  I was just glad that there wasn't that 
many cattle and that there wasn't all that much land to cover.  
All I really wanted was a good warm meal, a shower, and a place 
to sleep.

But the closer I got to the house, the more and more worried I 
got thinking about what the two girls had told Pam.  I pretty 
much figured that it wasn't a matter of whether they spilled or 
not, because I was pretty sure they had, it was just all a 
matter of what they said. Hell, Pam could have me up on charges 
faster than I could blink, with two charges of sex with a minor 
alone I was a dead duck.

And once I had the horse all rubbed down and everything I felt 
even less like going into the house.  So I'm afraid I kind of 
chickened out and found something to waste time on out in the 
barn.  So I started polishing the tack.

After about twenty minutes Caroline appeared in the doorway to 
the barn.  "Mom wants to know if you're coming in any time 
soon?"

"Tell her I'll be in soon," I said softly before she turned 
around and started to head out.  "Caroline!"

"Yes, Uncle Charlie?"

"Does your Mom seem like she's in a bad mood?"

"No, not really."

"What does that mean?  Not really?"

"Not more than usual since Daddy died."

"You miss your Dad don't you?"

"Yes, and he was going to give me my birthday present.  But now 
you're going to give it to me.  Aren't you?"

"Well, we'll see when you're birthday comes around," I said not 
really sure what we were talking about I had no idea what her 
father was going to give her as a present.

"Oh please!  I really want it!  I really truly, do!  Please 
Uncle Charlie.  Please!"

"Don't you worry about it, I'll give it to you," I said softly 
not sure what I was getting myself into, but if Pam didn't throw 
me out, it would only be a matter of bringing it up during our 
nightly conversation.

"Oh thank you Uncle Charlie," she said happily throwing her arms 
around me in a great big bear hug.  At least what I assumed was 
meant to be a bear hug.

"Now you go on back up to the house, and I'll be in shortly, 
ok?"

"Ok," she said excitedly before running out of the barn back 
into the house.

"All right, I might as well bite the bullet," I thought to 
myself putting the tack back where it belonged, and throwing the 
rag and polish back where I'd found it.  "For good or bad let's 
get it over with.

"What's for supper," I asked when I got to the kitchen hoping to 
be able to tell from Pam's tone whether or not I had to find a 
new place to sleep for the night.

"Beans, steak, and carrots."

"Sounds good," I said watching her, her tone had given away 
nothing, it sounded just as calm and clear as ever.  No sign of 
anger, just her normal old sweet self.

"How did the drive go?"

"Oh, it was all right I guess, there was a few stragglers, but 
that's normal."

"Here you go," she said setting the plate down infront of me, 
then sitting down across from me with her own plate.

"Aren't the kids eating?"

"They ate while you were out fooling around in the barn."

"Why didn't you eat with them?"

"Because I was waiting for you, and besides a little more adult 
companionship never hurts especially with four kids around, and 
no one to talk to for miles."

"I'm sorry I made you wait," I said feeling a guilty that 
because I was worried if she found out, that a woman eating for 
two didn't eat until I did.  And on top of that I was feeling 
guilty because she was doing something so sweet for me when I 
was doing such a lousy thing to her by screwing her daughters 
behind her back.

Pam ate about the same amount that I did, but it was amazing how 
good she actually looked eating it.  Carefully picking around 
things picking up only what she wanted and slipping it between 
those full red lips of hers and....  I stopped myself cold, I 
couldn't believe I was doing it again, thinking about how much 
of a woman my sister actually was...and on top of that how 
absolutely sexy she was.

I was so turned on by just watching her eat, that I wanted to 
stay sitting at the table for a little time after so that I gave 
myself time for my erection to die down.  Tired or not, I was 
thinking about making a stop in one of the girls bedrooms 
tonight, in fact watching Pam wiggle her behind while she washed 
the dishes made me sure of it.

"Here let me help," I said as I got up and moved beside her 
picking up a towel and started drying the dishes.

"I'm quite capable of doing things Charlie."

"I know you are but you should still be trying to take it as 
easy as possible and if I can help at anything just let me know, 
ok.  After all that's what I'm here for."

"It's so sweet of you Charlie," she said turning to face me.  
"Coming all this way to help me out.  Are you sure you can 
afford the time?"

"Of course I can," I said smiling at her.  She looked so 
serious.

"You don't know how much it means to me for you to be here 
Charlie," she said forgetting about the dishes and wrapping her 
arms around me in a hug while resting her head on my shoulders.  
"I mean I tried, I tried as hard as I could to keep up with the 
kids, to satisfy all there needs, and keep up with all the farm 
work, and keep on top of everything.  I barely had a chance to 
think about the next day, let alone myself.  And there's been no 
one to satisfy my needs."

"Don't worry Pam, I'm here now, and I'll take good care of you."

"You will," she said looking up into my face with tears rolling 
down her cheeks.

"Of course I will, and I'll make sure things lighten up on you.  
I promise.  Don't you think Helen is old enough to start helping 
with making meals?  And maybe Shawna and Caroline could clean up 
around the house.  That way there would be less for you to do, 
and you could take it easy a little bit more.  And I'll pick up 
your barn chores as well."

"Charlie, I can't let you do that, there's so much to do."

"I know what there is to do, and I know I'd feel alot better 
knowing that you were safe and sound rather than having to worry 
about whether or not you got in some kind of altercation with a 
horse."

"Charlie, I am quite capable of dealing with the horses."

"I know you are, but I'm not only thinking about you," I said 
softly and touched her stomach.  "I'm also thinking about this 
little guy."

"Girl," she corrected.

"Don't you think you have enough girls?"

"Don't you like girls?"

"Of course I do, it's just that us guys are kind of a little out 
numbered as it is, it's two to one."

"Oh Charlie," she laughed squeezing me in her arms, then she 
stretched up and kissed my lips.  "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For cheering me up, I really needed it."

"Your welcome, we better hurry and get these dishes done."

"Why, what's the rush?"

"Nothing, it's just the sooner there done, the sooner we get to 
relax."

"Charlie, you really don't need to help me.  I can handle these 
myself, you've had a long hard day, and you deserve the rest."

"Unless you're going to rest with me, I'm not going to either."

"Charlie."

"Come on, wash up there's only a few left."

"All right Charlie, have it your way," she said before turning 
back to the sink and picking up the next dirty dish.  The rest 
of washing the dishes turned into a sort of playful fun time.  
By the time we were finished I wasn't feeling a tad bit guilty 
and Pam wasn't feeling even a bit down on herself.

After we were finished Pam made a couple of cups of coffee and 
we went out and sat on the porch together.  Just talking and 
keeping up the playfulness.  Before we realized it was well 
after mid-night.  It was amazing how much we had to talk about, 
and despite all the time that we had spent together as kids 
arguing I was surprised also about the amount of things that we 
both had in common.

If she hadn't been my sister I swear I would have been dating 
her and probably even allowing her to sink her claws into me to 
put the ring on her finger.  If I had known her to the degree 
that I was finding out about her I'd already probably be half 
way up the alter by now.

"We better get inside and get to bed," she said softly and gave 
me another kiss on the lips before getting up and taking the 
coffee cups in.  I thought about all that happened today, and 
especially about how cozy Pam and I were becoming, and I still 
wasn't sure whether it was a good thing, or a bad thing.  I also 
thought about how much these three women were turning me on, and 
in a way I kind of started feeling sorry for Johnny.  By the 
time he was in puberty, all of the women in the house would be 
of age, and if they were anything like there mother, the poor 
kid would have to live with a constant erection.

Just thinking about it got me hard again.  I slipped into the 
house which was quiet, as Pam had seemed to gone straight to 
bed, and to sleep.  I did my time in the bathroom, brushing my 
teeth and giving myself a quick shave, and taking a shower.  
When I climbed into the bed with Helen I didn't want my whiskers 
to disturb her too much.  Although I had the feeling that very 
little would disturb Helen's interest in me.

Instead of going back to my room, I went straight up the stairs 
to Helen's bedroom door.  I knocked softly, but there was no 
response, so I tried the doorknob and was glad to see that it 
turned in my hand.  But when I got it open enough, I was 
surprised at what I saw.  Shawna and Helen were naked and locked 
in a sixty-nine position, noisily sucking and slurping at each 
other's juicy cunts.

I was amazed at what I was seeing, I had suspected that they had 
shared another man together, but the idea of the two of them 
being lovers alone, I had never even suspected.  But as I closed 
the door softly behind me, I leaned against the wall and simply 
watched them.  There attentions were so focused on each other 
they didn't even realize I was in the room.

The best view that I had was from where Shawna was on the 
bottom, with Helen's butt facing me, it was a gorgeous sight.  
Shawna had her fingers crammed into Helen's cunt and her 
arsehole, at the same time her tongue was flickering over 
Helen's clitoris like mad.  It was pretty obvous too that they 
were both well experienced.

I slipped out of my shorts and started stroking my cock while 
watching them.  It was such a turn on watching them, I still 
couldn't quite believe that it was happening.  Shawna let out a 
little scream, trying to keep quiet at the same time as an 
orgasm shook through her hot young body.

My cock was getting so hard, I needed to put it somewhere and 
with two young beautiful women at my disposal I wasn't going to 
have to take care of the problem myself.  I moved over to the 
bed, still without them even seeing me and then I touched the 
top of Shawna's head and she backed away from Helen's cunt and 
looked up at me.

She started to open her mouth and I covered it with my own, 
kissing her, sliding my tongue into her mouth.  When our lips 
parted she smiled at me and I carefully got onto the bed behind 
Helen.  Shawna placed her mouth over Helen's clitoris and kissed 
her, giving it a little suck on aswell at the same time she took 
my cock in her hand and guided me towards Helen's love tunnel.

When Shawna touched the tip of my cock to Helen's cunt, Helen 
looked behind her and saw me.  Her face turning into one great 
big grin.  I grabbed ahold of her hips and burried the whole of 
my cock inside her with one deep thrust. 

Helen let out a grunt as she took my cock, I thrust in and out 
of her almost as fast as I could trying to bring about my own 
release.  All the while that I was pushing in and out of Helen, 
Shawna was lapping at my balls and my union with her sister.  It 
wasn't long before we were rushing to an orgasm.

Shawna went first under Helen's tongue work, then Helen went 
over the edge grasping at my cock with every pulsation in her 
young body.  Then I shot my load, only I did it so that Shawna 
could enjoy the fruits of her labour as well, I pulled out and 
shot at Helen's cunt before dripping down onto Shawna's lips.

As soon as I backed off enough though Shawna went with gusto 
cleaning up Helen's cum splattered pussy, lapping up every last 
drop of my cum.  Just watching it was getting me hard making me 
feel like I was a teenager again, I hadn't recovered so quickly 
in years.

When Helen rolled off of Shawna she looked up at me and 
expressed the exact sentiments that I was feeling.  "Now it's 
Shawna's turn."

"Yes it is," I said while gently stroking Shawna's cheek, before 
leaning down and giving her a kiss.  "But since this is my first 
threesome, and obviously not yours, how do you want to do it 
next?"

"You lie down on your back," Helen said expertly "and Shawna can 
ride you, while you eat me out."  I did as I was told laying 
back on the bed, then both girls gave me a kiss before we went 
any further.  Shawna slid down and took my cock in her mouth, 
sucking on it to make sure that it was as hard as it was going 
to get while Helen, lowered herself down on to my face so that 
she could watch what Shawna was doing.

I knew one thing when I tasted Helen's creamy pussy as it humped 
my face, this was not a vacation that I was ever going to 
forget.  It felt better than anything I'd ever known before with 
one sweet pussy ontop of my face and another one riding 
excitedly up and down on my cock.

When it was all over the three of us layed under the covers 
together cuddling and kissing, and before I had to leave I have 
to admit that I gave them both another load each.  I slipped 
from the room, with both of them each blowing me a kiss.  I 
slipped into the bathroom and had a quick shower, hoping that 
the noise wouldn't wake anyone.

Then I slid into my own room and under the covers with what must 
have been the happiest look on my face in my entire life.  I set 
the alarm for five thirty again, and drifted off to get my three 
hours sleep.

When I woke up Pam had just strutted into my room again, in the 
same state as she had been the first time I'd caught her fully 
naked.  I watched her this time noting every little curve on her 
body.  I know it wasn't the right thing to do, I mean Pam would 
have hardly liked the idea that I was forming a mental picture 
in my head and in it she didn't have any clothes on, and we 
we'ren't doing anything remotely close to brothers and sisters 
should do.


I started to get into a schedule over the next couple of weeks, 
I'd wait for everyone to go to bed, then I'd slip up to Helen's 
bedroom where I'd meet both of my girls.  We'd have a few hours 
together before I hit the shower and returned to my room.  At 
five thirty my alarm would go off, and I'd be awake to watch Pam 
strut into the room and get dressed.

But then one night my schedule got upset.  I was waiting in my 
room for the customary half hour before going up to Helen's room 
laying in the bed resting my eyes, when I heard my door open.  
And in slipped Pam, just as naked as always and heading for her 
closet.

"Damn it Pam, your shivering!" I said sternly watching her as 
she stood flipping through her closet.

"I thought you were asleep.  I'm sorry I didn't mean to wake 
you."

"You didn't, but would you mind telling me what you're doing 
parading around in the nude, at this time of night."

"I-I, well, I usually sleep like this, but tonight it's just so 
chilly I decided to come and get a night gown on."

"Come and get into bed with me, it's warm enough under here, and 
you certainly have enough blankets on this bed to keep out the 
chill."

"Are you sure?"

"Hurry up Pam, you're freezing, get into the bed," I said 
holding back the covers.  "Come on before you let all the heat 
escape."

"All right," she said quickly and scrambled into the bed beside 
me pulling the covers up to her chin.

"Better?"

"Much," she replied softly giving me a smile.  Then her hand 
touched me.  "Your naked."

"It seems we both like to sleep that way," I whispered back, not 
wanting to wake the kids, or give her any hint of what I had 
planned for the nights activities.

"Yes it does, doesn't it," she replied softly snuggling into the 
covers and pillow.  "Good night."

"Good night, sleep tight,...."

"Don't let the bed bugs bite," she finished while grinning at 
me.  "Good night Charlie."

"Good night Pam," I said snuggling into my own share of covers 
and pillow.

I still wanted to go upstairs and see my little nymphs but I 
couldn't see any way to do it, have a shower and then get back 
into bed with Pam and not have her notice that I was gone.  So I 
ended up just falling asleep.

When morning came and the suns rays warmed up the room, it 
seemed warmer and more comfy than ever.  Only when sleep 
receeded a little did I realize why.  Pam and I were wrapped 
pretty much around each other, legs and arms entangled like a 
pair of lovers.  Pam's face in sleep showed utter contentment, 
and peace.  I really hated the idea of having to wake her up 
from such a wonderful state.

In the end it seemed that I didn't have to because her eyes 
slowly flickered open and she smiled at me.  "Good morning," she 
said before leaning towards me and kissing my lips as a lover 
would first thing in the morning.  "Mmmmm..." she said softly 
pulling herself tighter against me so that she was talking into 
my neck.  "Last night was the first decent sleep that I've had 
in a long time.  "Thanks Charlie.  Maybe, we can do it again 
some time, huh?"

"Oh, what's this," she said slipping her hand between us and 
wrapping it around my morning errection which had been pressed 
against her leg.  "What ever it is, it certainly is big," she 
said grinning at me.  "I'll tell you what Charlie, since I slept 
so good last night because of you.  I'll take care of this thing 
for you."

She kissed my lips again, and then slid down under the covers 
before I could say anything to stop her.  The next thing I knew 
the damp warm cavern of her mouth was wrapped around my shaft 
slurping and sucking on my nine inch cock.  I laid there in 
disbelief, the last thing that I had ever expected to happen 
when I came to the farm was to have my own sister deep throating 
me like a pro.

I couldn't do anything to stop her, she was the best cocksucker 
I had ever known, and she was giving me a blow job of a life 
time.  All I could do was slip my hands under the covers and run 
my fingers through her blonde hair as I moaned out her name.  
She swallowed every drop of my cum before sliding back up my 
body and kissing my lips again.  "Mmm...that was good.  I 
haven't had a drop of cum for awhile.  It was delicious 
Charlie."

That night I gave the girls a really good work out, but I was 
still having a hard time believing what had happened first thing 
in the morning with their mother.  By the next day I'd almost 
had myself convinced that it hadn't happened.  But that night 
Pam came into my room, and without waiting she slipped under the 
covers with me and kissed my lips.

"Pam, what are you doing here?"

"I had such a good nights sleep the other night, I wanted to 
sleep with you again."  With that she cuddled up close to me 
again, this time however she wrapped herself around me on 
purpose, not waiting for sleep.  "Good night Charlie," she 
whispered softly giving me another kiss that should have been 
meant for a lover.

I wrapped my arms around her, and held her knowing that their 
was no way I was going to see the girls that night, although I 
had to admit, it was nice to cuddle up with a woman and know 
that you were going to wake up with her still in your arms.

When we woke up she gave me another one of her marvelous blow-
jobs, and then we got up together and dressed.  The next thing 
that was important and sort of funny, was about five nights 
later, since Pam had started coming into my room and sleeping 
with me on every second night I had the odd nights with the 
girls.

Well, anyway as I was saying, five nights later I was up in the 
girls room and Shawna and I were going at it, while Helen was 
watching us from where she was laying and next thing I know 
Helen's looking towards the door and saying "It's not your time 
yet!"

I turned to look at the door, and I saw Caroline standing there 
as naked as her sisters.  My first thought was "Oh shit, I'm 
dead meat now.  She'll run out of her straight to her mother."  
Then after looking at Caroline's expression, I realized that she 
was just as anxious to slip into bed with us aswell.  I wanted 
to swear her to keep our secret or something but before I could 
do anything Helen told her "Go back to your own room."

Caroline glanced at me and then disappeared back out the door.  
"Charlie," Shawna whispered turning my face back to her and then 
guiding me down so that she could kiss my lips.  "Don't stop!"

Well, I think you can guess I was pretty nervous over the next 
view days wondering what would happen.  But nothing did.  It was 
just life as normal.  Then Mavis showed up, with Missy.  Missy 
was about thirty years old, nowhere's near as attractive as Pam 
was in anyone's right mind, but I suppose she was cute in her 
own way.

Once they arrived Missy started flirting with me right from the 
start.  I had a feeling that Pam didn't like it one bit, but I 
indulged Missy the little that I could, but before I knew it I 
was baited into going to the town barbeque with her.  I don't 
know how it happened, but I can tell you one thing I was not the 
one to ask.

After they left Pam got into a really foul mood, I mean for the 
first time since I'd been at the farm she swore, not once, not 
twice, but a whole string load that would have put a sailor to 
shame.  She'd swear at the kids, she'd swear at me, she'd swear 
at the animals.  I mean what ever Mavis said when I wasn't 
around had obviously upset her a lot.  But even when I tried to 
get her to talk about it, she didn't want any part of it.  
Infact she canceled our nightly talk on the porch, and she 
didn't show up that night when it was her turn to sleep with me.

After the barbeque Pam seemed even less acceptive of me, and 
when I told her that I had gotten strung into another whole 
string of advents to do over the next week with Missy, did she 
seemed pissed.  "Fine, it's your life to ruin, just remeber, 
Caroline's birthday is on Saturday.  So don't make plans with 
that fluzey!"

Since Pam's visits to my room stopped completely after the 
barbeque, I got back into the schedule I frst had, only sleeping 
with the girls.  However, at the same time they were willing, 
they also seemed somewhat withdrawn.

Friday night, I went out with Missy for a quick dinner and 
planned to get back home as quickly as I could.  But Missy it 
seemed had different plans, she brought a picnic basket and said 
we were going to eat dinner at her favourite spot.  So I drove 
to where she wanted to go and she set everything out.  The 
entire night though she seemed to flirt way too much.

What was worse was after we'd finished dinner and I planned to 
get up and take her home she was all over me, I mean completely, 
lips against mine pressing herself against me.  I knew one thing 
though the moment her lips touched mine, it wasn't what I 
wanted.

"No," I said pushing her away."

"What's wrong Chuck?"

"I don't want this Missy, I agreed to do a few friendly things 
with you, but I don't want this."

"Sure you do Chuckie," she said moving closer again to me.

"No I don't, so if you want a ride home, let's get this stuff 
packed up and go, otherwise, I'll leave you here."

"You wouldn't!"

"Try me."  We packed up the stuff and I drove her home, and glad 
I was rid of her once I was alone in the car again.  Then I got 
started thinking about Pam, although she did seem to be a fair 
amount on my mind anymore.  But I really started to think about 
her change in attitude, and when it had started.

I also got to thinking that maybe it wasn't what Mavis said at 
all, I mean Pam's attitude had constantly gotten worse the more 
times I had gone out with Missy.  "Can she be jealous," I asked 
aloud. I mean my sister jealous about me seeing another woman.  
"It certainly seems that way."  But why?  "Do sisters normally 
sleep in the same bed as their brother?  Do they give them blow-
jobs that are absolutley heavenly?"  No, of course not.  "She 
has stopped sharing my bed since I started going out with 
Missy."  If she's jealous, I'm just going to have to ask her.  
"And then tell her I'm never going to see Missy again."

When I got to the farm all the lights were turned out, so I 
moved as quietly as I could into the house and to my room.  I 
stripped out of my sweater and my shirt before turning on the 
light.  I was kind of surprised at what I found.  Pam was laying 
in my bed again, all on her own.  As if she was waiting for me.  
It was a wonderful thing to come home to.  She stirred while I 
took off  my pants and shut the light off heading for the 
