Archive-name: Bestial/farmdaze.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Farm Daze


 I have a friend, Danny, with whom I share some pretty strange
interests and we decided to visit a friend who lives in Napa last week.
This friend, I'll call him Mark, owns a working farm which has horses,
cows, chickens, goats and sheep as well as a faithful dog.  Danny, Mark
and I have played games together for quite awhile.  Danny came over
Saturday night and we had a session of pretty vanilla sex.  In the
morning we had some light water play:  I pissed my morning's piss in
his mouth and he pissed in mine.  We sucked and fucked and then had
breakfast (nude) before staring.  Although we both needed to do so, we
avoiding crapping.  After a big breakfast, we got ready to go.  While it
might have been fun diving my van in the nude, cops tend to frown on
that sort of thing, so I put a large cloth diaper on Danny and he put one
on me.  Then on came the plastic pants and then our clothing.  Danny is
much smaller than I am, so he took a smaller diaper.  Since Danny
doesn't drive, I drove the van.  On the way to Napa, I drank coffee from
a large thermos, Danny drank hot chocolate (which he prefers) and we
talked about what we wanted to do that day.  Since neither of us had
taken our morning shit that morning, we used the trip up as a means of
emptying our guts into the diapers, farting, pissing and shitting along
the way, a planned treat for Mark and a source of fun for ourselves.
Once we got to Napa, our dipes were pretty full of shit and wet from
the piss that the coffee and hot chocolate had induced.  We were both
pretty stinky when we pulled into Mark's place.  He had fun with us in
the barn for about an hour, but I won't go into that with you.  After we
all cleaned up, we began our play with the animals.  Mark is a certified
breeder and has a lot of equipment and supplies which add to the fun of
our games.  In particular, he has some animal hormones which
stimulate them sexually.  We began our play with the goats.  Mark
rubbed a small amount of this hormone mixture on each of our pubes.
Then he brought a male goat into the barn.  I don't know if you've ever
smelled a male goat when it's randy, but imagine what piss smells like
when it has sat around for three days, wash a dead skunk in that piss
and then you've got an idea of how bad a randy billy goat can smell.
This fellow got wind of the hormone almost at once and scampered
over to where we stood and began nosing our crotches.  Mark was
stroking his furry cock sheath and he erected almost immediately.
Goat cocks aren't too big, about the size of a man's, but they are
strange shaped.  They usually are fiery red and don't have a glans.  The
tip tapers to a blunt point which at this time was moist and drooling.
Danny dived under the goat and slurped the pizzle into his mouth.
Danny is an incorrigible sex fiend.  That's why I like him so much.  I
watched while he suicked all of the goat into his mouth, including the
fur cock sheath.  The animal was starting to hunch his legs and move
like he was trying to mount some non-existent female.  Danny began
swallowing and by the smell in the barn, I could tell that he was
swallowing goat jissum.  He pulled the peg from his mouth and let the
last bits of goat sperm spatter his face and hair.  I loved the way the
translucent flob looked in Danny's red hair.  Danny went back down on
the goat to get him hard again (animals have a much greater capacity
for rerun than humans).  Mark brought another male goat in and for the
next fifteen minutes, the three of us each got fucked by them.  As I
said, goat cocks aren't much different in size from men's, but i love
the feel of their soft furry bellys rubbing against my back as they
mount me.  I think goats are my favorite animals to be fucked by.
Unlike Danny, though, I'm not crazy about the taste of their semen.
WAY TOO STRONG AND NASTY TASTING.  None of us had cum at that
point so we retired to the hen house.  If you think it's cruel to fuck
chickens (as I did when I first tried at age 13) then consider how big
an egg is in comparison to your hard cock.  You just have to be careful
not to go in too far. You also don't have to mind getting chicken shit on
you since it rubs off onto your penis while you're fucking the hen.  I
started and then Mark went next.  Danny was last.  After the chickens
we waited awhile and then Danny announced he was horney and wanted
to fuck again.  This time we went outside to where Mark keeps his pigs
and Danny alternated between fucking me and the sow.  I was preparing
for what I knew was going to be our finale that day:  one of Mark's
ponies.  Danny has a pretty big cock and after the goat fucking I'd
taken, he was streching me more.  After he fininished his pig fuck, we
went back into the barn. Mark brought one of his ponies over, rubbed
hormone mixture on my face and had the pony nuzzle me.  (Ponys are
not young horses.  This guy was fully grown and stands about twelve
hands at the shoulder.) He is one I've played with many times and he
loves our games.  I moved along side of him and began stroking his
cock. as it began to peak from inside the sheath, I slipped under the
beast and began licking it.  It pushed out quickly and I spent several
minutes licking it all the way up one side and down the other.  Horse
cocks are spatula shaped and too big to fit in ones mouth but I could
get the tip in and sucked my four legged friends piss slit.  Mark was
massaging his belly and at one point Danny lifted the beasts tail up.
The pony has been trained to use these signals to start urinating,
which he did on signal.  The strong horse piss poured from the prick
with such force that I could only take a couple of mouthsful before I
had to pull my mouth away from the pizzle. I drenched myself in the
flow and as he was slowing it down, replaced my mouth on the spewing
hole, drinking the last cup or so of bitter, somewhat salty urine.  When
I'd finished my drink, Mark brought over a contraption he had had built
especially for use with his ponies.  It is a table on wheels which
allows a person to be under the pony at the right height to recieve the
horse's advances.  I slipped out from under the pony and lay down on my
belly on the padded table.  Danny greased my ass well, gradually
getting each one of his fingers in my asshole until he had all five in.
Once he was able to get his fist in, he pulled it out and Mark brought
the pony over me and the two of them guided the hard prick into my
ass.  It is like being fucked by a fire engine.  The only bad part about
animal sex is that is ends so quickly. When I had been fucked twice by
this pony, the removed it from over me and Danny got behind me and
slurped his tongue around inside my rectum. It was easy slurping since
my hole was stretched so wide.  When he was done, his face was
streaked with animal cum and some of my shit.  He had such a sweet
smile.  I took that pony twice and another one one more time.  After
the fucking from the second pony, Danny and Mark gave it the signal to
piss.  This time, my gut and not my mouth was filled by horse piss.  In
the position I was in, I had no choice but to accept the hot animal piss.
Once the animal fininshed and his peg shrivelled back into its sheath,
Danny dove for my hole and drank the filthy horse piss as it poured,
unstaunched from my hole.  I had to wear diapers that night, too, since
after the abuse my asshole had taken, there was no way I could hold
my shit in.  The three of us played up in Mark's house before going to
bed.  But that's a whole other story of piss, shit and sex.

--
