


                      WATCHERS ACROSS THE LIGHT YEARS 

                               by D. O. Mann 



                                  SUMMARY 


         This science-fiction tale imagines a far-away race of beings that
    conduct their matings far differently from humans.  The aliens bring
    together a young human couple, carefully raised in complete sexual
    innocence.  Their behavior in an artificial Eden is curiously observed
    from afar by the aliens. 

__________________________________________________________________________ 


         Once upon a time-flow, not our own, there was a race of beings far
    different from you and me.  The only similarity was that they were
    born, lived, and died, even as you and I.  A rare link-up between us
    and that distant species once occurred, hence this tale. 

         Six individuals of that race had come together for a `fruiting.'
    That folk did not have, as we do, male and female genders.  Instead
    they had six distinct sex-identities.  And like our oysters, they
    changed from one to another of the six sexes, as they ran the course of
    their lives.  It took all six kinds, grouping and clumping, to generate
    new members of that distant race. 

         The names I have given that far-off Six are; Ooner, Otoo, Treen,
    Fower, Fievee, and Sixtus.  Their real names have letters that are on
    no earthly keyboards.  The six of them had contrived to meet, test
    compatibilities, grow together, and begin the lives of two more like
    them.  In our words, they had come together for six-sex and to make two
    babies. 

         Their multiple mating is hard for us to comprehend.  The cluster
    clung and moved together, intermingling body parts, even as we do. But
    with six individuals, and their peculiarities, they clumped for a long
    time, achieving many peaks of sensation during their generative act.
    Each sub-group of two developed a half-egg.  With three such
    sub-groups, three incomplete seeds were produced.  Then the two senior
    members of the group partially drew away from the juniors.  Those two
    brought forth another egg-half. 

         The entire Six re-joined in close creative intimacy and knitted
    the four part-seeds into two new infant conceptions.  The group of six
    parents, now that their peculiar passion was spent, stayed in calm
    conjunction to nurture the Two, and grow the pair through their
    infancies, just as in a human family. 

         It was during the first part of the growing, when the new entities
    were still very young, that Ooner projected a thought into the brain
    cases of the other five sex partners.  He (?) disclosed that during one
    of their many orgasms, his (?) perception was extended to an extreme
    range in a new direction.   He (?) had observed the sex customs of
    another race, ours.  He (?) told the others how it worked with us, so
    far away. 

         They agreed with him (?) that what our distant race did was weird.
    They were appalled at the unpleasantness surrounding our generative
    process. However Ooner pointed out that there was a certain fleeting
    pleasure we felt at the crux of sharing.  Then there were our delights
    in child rearing.  It seemed to Ooner that some feeling we called love
    was evident in connection with both of these parts of our race increase
    process. 

         All of the Five, particularly Treen, tuned their minds along the
    thought ray of Ooner, and devoted some of their time-of-nurture to the
    far distant practices.  A few earthly microseconds later, the consensus
    developed that the unpleasant and destructive parts of the sex
    practices of the human race were caused by several factors.  There was
    poor transfer, from old to young, of what to do when it came to mating.
    Exclusivity, coveting, and jealousy crept in.  Then there was the lust
    for power, not passion, and there was poor communication, ignorance,
    and reliance on past ignorance.  Thus, many adverse factors got in the
    way of the simple instinctive drive of us two-sexers to couple and
    fruit. 

         The distant Six, being do-ers, on a nly watchers, decided to
    perform an experiment on Earth.  They hoped to bring about, and watch,
    an example of pure instinct, as a pair of the far-away entities were
    brought together. They planned to have each of this pair raised to
    puberty in complete ignorance of the other gender.  Then with the
    chosen two in isolation, they prepared to observe the consequences. 

         In order to bring about this growth in separate sexual ignorance,
    the Six turned to the earthly phemomenon of religion, which they hardly
    understood.  But they had sensed that some religious practioners were
    anti-sex to the extreme. Treen searched and found a group that were all
    female, renouncing all contact with males.  It was arranged that a baby
    girl was to be found by this group and raised by them.  The nuns named
    this infant Dora, and kept her from all carnal knowledge until she was
    grown. She was barely aware that there were different people outside
    the nunnery, called men. 

         Likewise, Sixtus discovered an isolated group of males, who
    fiercely shunned all female influence in their cloistered lives.  They
    extended their ban even to cows and hens, living their narrow lives in
    exclusive masculinity.  Sixtus caused them to find a male infant, who
    they raised in strict conformity to their practises.  This child, named
    Dorian, grew to puberty hardly knowing that there were females, except
    for some obscure references in the colony's censored books. 

         Now the Six powered together and created, on distant earth, a new
    Garden of Eden.  It was patterned after the original, taken from the
    lore of the race and the ancient books.  There was a warm bit of ocean,
    with a gentle surf.  There were fruits and berries on the trees and
    shrubs.  A fresh clear stream ran across the preserve, and there was a
    waterfall. Overhead, a local fusion torch replaced Sol, just for the
    garden.  It was made to blaze and fade to a minimum `moon-light', in
    tune with the revolution of Earth.  Surrounding all, was a barrier
    which isolated this Paradise from the rest of our world. 

         Now the two earthies were ready.  The onset of maturity was on
    them. She had flowed monthly for several years, and he was producing
    copious, if imtermittent, emissions of male juice.  Each marvelled at
    the changes as their bodies developed.  Time now being also ripe, the
    Six brought the human pair and inserted them, both unconcious, through
    the barrier. 

         Before they awoke, Fower implanted each earthies' language in the
    mind of the other.  They were on aaware that they could formerly on 
    understand each other. The memory of their past lives was programmed to
    fade in a cycle or two. Now they awakened to awareness, in separate
    parts of their garden.  The increasing blaze from above brought them to
    their new reality. 

         Dora came awake first.  She was curled up under a bush on some
    soft grasses.  It was far different from her cot in the small bare cell
    of the nunnery.  She gazed around in wonderment at the trees and
    bushes, so different from the white-washed walls that were all she knew
    before. Her next glance was down at herself.  She was nude, and
    wondered at that, for the nuns had insisted that a long white gown was
    the minimum, even for bathing.  Dora had never looked at her entire
    bare body before,a nly at a part or so at a time. 

         She became aware of an inner urge that had, before,ataken her to a
    squalid and smelly out-building just inside the rear wall of the
    convent. Now Fower's impelling thought insinuated itself, and Dora went
    directly to a glen close to the unseen barrier.  There the stream
    disappeared underground.  The water swirled in a whirlpool.  She was
    guided to squat in the shallow pool and empty her bladder and bowels.
    What left her was carried under and away, and the flowing water
    cleansed her. 

         She wandered away and started to explore the garden.  A growing
    murmur led her to the splash of the waterfall.  The stream flowed over
    a rocky wall and arched to create an inviting pool, clear enough so
    that the sandy bottom twinkled through the ripples.  Dora waded in,
    delighted, venturing to approach the fall. The warm spray tempted her,
    and she gradually backed in and let the flowing water sluice all over
    her.  At length she emerged and let the warm glow from overhead, subtly
    enhanced for the purpose, dry her hair and body.  She was content,
    except for a growing emptiness. 

         During this time, Dorian also wakened to gaze in wonderment at the
    lush foliage.  He had never experienced such vegetation before,afor the
    monastery where the monks raised him was walled on a high rocky cliff.
    He was not surprised, as Dora was, by nudity, for the brothers often
    went about their tasks with  nly breech-clouts.  Fower impelled him,
    too, to seek out the whirlpool. There he spouted into the middle of the
    vortex. Then he squatted in the water and emptied into the gurgling
    drain.  He too became hungry. 

         The two earthies converged on a section of their garden where food
    grew lush and delicious.  Distant Fievee gently guided them to pick and
    eat.  As they grew filled, they wandered toward a central glade, and
    finally glimpsed each other.  The alien soothed their startle impulses,
    and filled them with curiosity.  They approached and confronted one
    another.  He observed Dora's breasts, lush in comparison to his
    flatness.   She noticed with interest the three foreign objects
    scarcely concealed by his scant pubic hair. 

         He broke the silence, saying that he was Dorian, and what was she
    called?  She answered `Dora'.   He asked what those were, pointing to
    her chest.  She said the nuns had told her to call them breasts as they
    grew, and to conceal them.  But, she admitted, with  nly a trace of
    fading embarrassment, that she had nothing now to hide them under.  He
    said they were beautiful, and that his two rounds were much smaller,
    and hidden by hair and by his waterspout.  He lifted it and held it
    aside, so she could clearly see the small globes in their sack.  She
    said she had no such things under her hair,a nly a chink. 

         They turned their attention to the wonder of their surroundings.
    They joined hands and began an exploration of the garden, exclaiming at
    the beauty of foliage and flowers.   Finally they came to the beach and
    the gentle surge of the warm salt water.  They ran along the edge of
    the sand, and waded, delighted, into the surf. 

         She playfully pushed him down under the surface.  He emerged and
    splashed her vigorously.  She rushed to grab his arms.  He turned and
    embraced her as well. Distant Sixus pulled back the influence being
    lightly exerted, and let human instinctatake over.  The two hugged
    close, knee-deep in the surging water.  The remote Six noted with
    interest that the earthies slowly brought their mouths together to
    exchange a token of mutual good will.  The will was so good that they
    increased their merging with an tentative exploration of each others'
    tongues. Their embrace tightened, and her out-juts were pressed tighly
    against his chest. 

         He dropped his arms and took firm hold of her hind-globes,
    pressing her close to him, even as he swelled.  His dangle rose and was
    squeezed between them.  She withdrew in alarm, and turned away from him
    to see what was pressing her belly. The thing was different from
    before, large and stiff and inviting.  She grasped it and held it,
    returning to the enchanting embrace, and the delicious melding of lips
    and tongues. 

         After a thrilling exchange of caresses above, the pair drew back a
    little. She used two hands to hold his swollen extension.  Likewise, he
    reached out and palmed both of her mammaries.  They began, in their
    common language, to enquire of each other about the names of the body
    parts that each held.  She had said `breast', but they both realized
    that he, too, had something called that.  He knew that calling them
    `she-bulbs with little knobs' would be awkward.  So he improvised, with
    her agreement, and named them `she-zies'. 

         Then came her turn to name the part of him that she held.  After
    all, it could on aalways be `his ninth finger that swells to big
    stick'. They settled on `he-woo'.  And below that, she shifted one
    hand, and hefted the `pair of lumps in bag'.  This became in her mind,
    and his also, `he-two'. With joy and delight, they continued to handle
    and play with each other's protrusions.  The far-away Six noted with
    interest that these organs were fairly similar to what one or another
    of them extended, for the others to enjoy, during fruiting. 

         As they kissed, and he fondled, she manipulated his he-woo with
    increasing firmness, stroking him from he-two to tip.  A drip of
    moisture came into her palm, and her dry strokes became juicy caresses
    as their tongues lashed and swirled together.  He began to pant and
    groan, and his he-two drew up and swelled.  At last a sweet thrill
    swept over his body, and a different fluid rushed up and squirted out
    all over her hands.  He recalled certain dreams when the same jetting
    and outpouring had awakened him. 

         They stepped further into the waves, and let the water rinse away
    the stickiness.  Dora said that when he was erupting, she, too, had
    flowed with a new juice from her hairy chink.  He wanted to see, so
    they went up on the warm sand. Dora lay back and spread her legs and
    parted her lower lips. Now they had some new things to name.  They
    settled for `she-oh' for the whole region below her maiden mound. 
    There were `low-lips', and `in-lips'. She showed him a hood that could
    be drawn back, disclosing a small bud that reminded him of his knob
    when he was a small boy.  They named this rosy nubbin `she-tip'.  She
    winced at its sensitivity as he touched it. 

         Then, down at the bottom of she-oh, he found the dark red entrance
    to a to a lower mouth.  A thin runnel of clear maiden-sap was flowing,
    covering the region with a slippery film.  Dora boldly showed him how
    she could dampen some fingers in the flow, and then insert them into
    her tunnel, which they now called `she-in'. She was thrilled when he
    followed her example, moistening his fingers with her juice and gliding
    two of them into the stretched cavity of her she-in. 

         She was scarcely aware, due to the swift intervention of Treen of
    the Six, of the rending of a veil just inside she-in.  But as Dorian's
    fingers went deep into the tube, his thumb engaged she-tip.  Dora gave
    a small jump and a yip.  She writhed and clutched Dorian, her hand at
    the back of his neck, urging his face to her, so they could kiss deeply
    once more.  His thumb below and his tongue above made Dora pant and
    heave, moaning her excitement as her passion rose to an overwhelming
    peak of thrilling lust. The distant Six relished every spasm and throb
    as the virgin climax engaged her entire being.  It slowly died away,
    and Dora sighed and slumped in his fervent embrace. 

         They rinsed the sand from their bodies, and, while drying, they
    wandered back to the food grove and slacked their hunger, sharing the
    tastiest bits.  There was a bed of soft grass nearby, and they lazily
    reclined and began a leisurely exploration of each other's body
    differences.  Dora took possession of he-woo and handled it until it
    swelled in her gentle grasp.  She uncovered the skin at the tip,
    exposing the tense crimson head.  A series of droplets emerged from his
    tip-slit. She shifted until she could touch the clear liquid with her
    tongue.  Dorian shuddered and lunged, driving he-woo into her mouth.
    Dora was enchanted by the feel and taste of him, and slurped happily,
    working her lips up and down his rigid shaft.  He held back as long as
    possible to enjoy the licking and the sucking, but finally was driven
    to the pinnacle of his passion's peak.  He erupted, flooding her
    astonished mouth with his seed-juice. 

         Dora brought his hand to her she-oh, and he dabbled his fingers in
    the flow from there.  He brought them to his mouth to taste of her. It
    was so inviting that he stooped and spread her thighs with his face. 
    He began a thorough exploration of her entire she-oh with the tip of
    his tongue.  He lapped the lips and twirled the she-tip.   He thrust
    into the depths of she-in.  He licked up and relished her flow of
    girl-juice. As he mumbled she-tip between his lips, she clutched his
    head to intensify the stimulation there.  She climbed rapidly to the
    height of her lust. She writhed and panted and uttered small screams
    and clutched him in the intensity of her orgasm. 

         They enjoyed the subsidence of passion in a tender embrace,
    drifting off to restful naps.  They wakened to the wane of their sun,
    and to a growing hunger. On the way to the food place, they detoured to
    visit the vortex in the stream. She held he-woo during his gush until
    the splashing made her squat swiftly.  Then they hurried to the
    waterfall for a refreshing sluice and an energetic tussle.  Laughing
    and playing, the pair lounged on a grassy knoll.  The heightened glow
    from above, and breeze from an invisible nozzle, dried them.  They
    wiped the last droplets from each other with tufts of dry grass. 

         Returning to the nest where they had last indulged their passion,
    they de-toured to the feeding grove to snatch some succulent fruit.
    Sprawling on the springy turf, Dora and Dorian fed each other bites of
    crisp apple, and popped grapes in each other's mouths.  Sated, they
    kissed and licked away the juice from each other's lips.  The kisses
    gained in voltage until internal juices started to flow from he-woo and
    she-oh.  Dorian was lying over her, and shifted down slightly.  She
    opened her legs and made an inviting saddle for him. 

         The distant Six sensed that a cusp was nearing.  They withdrew all
    tenuous compulsion and attended with heightened interest as inate
    instinctatook over.  primitive urge gripped Dorian.  His rigid rod
    entered the welcoming depths of Dora's yearning she-in.  Two young
    bodies surged and drove together, sending he-woo plunging in and out of
    the slick envelopment of she-oh.  She-tip was rubbed along the
    thrilling length of his poking protrusion.  The Six watched and
    followed the rising excitement, remembering the similar passionate
    fulfilment of a phase of their hexagonal mating. 

         Fivee, an acknowledged expert at micro-manipulation, had ensured
    that a Dora-egg was gathered and impelled down an internal canal.  Now
    they awaited the culmination of the excitement of the pair.  All Six
    prepared to savor every last spasm and throb, as first Dorian then Dora
    peaked into maximum orgasms.  He-woo spurted a seed-swarm into she-in's
    receptive end-pocket.  The mates sank into langorous satisfaction.
    Fivee was barely able to refrain from assisting the urgent ascent of
    the wriggler-swarm up Dora's tube.  All Six heaved sighs of relief as
    the winning spermatozoan penetrated and merged, completing the egg. 

         The rest of the Six beamed a question at Fivee.  How long would
    the nurturing take, and when would the new entity emerge to start
    breathing the poisonous Terran gases?  Fivee paused to consider, and
    then answered, "Ten phase-changes of their Luna, or a little more than
    three quarters of Terra's orbit around Sol." 

         "So long!" marvelled Treen. "One would think that such frantic
    activity at the conjunction might result in a speedier development of
    the off-spring.  But on the other hand, we Six are still nourishing our
    Two, who are on ayet independent.  While we must be joined until Sven
    and Eet can emerge, might it on abe good to observe Dora while she
    fruits?  I mean from a closer vantage point." 

         The Six joined purposful thought for a flash, then acted equally
    as fast.  The local zone enclosing the Garden of the Terra-two was
    moved up and away.  It crossed the starry spaces between the observed
    and the observers.  The destination of the Eden-globe was the local zoo
    of the Sixers.  Dorian and Dora, unaware, continued their idyllic life.
    They frequently clung to merge protrusion and receptor, while she
    budded and burgeoned.  This was a great curiosity to the Six-sex-ers,
    whoa nly mingled body parts during the fruiting, and not during the
    looser union when the Two were being nurtured. 

         In due course, little Edward was born, and grew, under close
    scrutiny from without the Barrier.  The Six were amazed as Dora nursed
    the child from her she-twos.  They did not use such temporary fluid
    during their nurture phase. 

         The artificial Eden cycled on.  More additions to the little
    family were charted by the zoo officials.  Distant Sol whirled his
    planets in many cycles, and the new Terrans came to maturity, one by
    one.  Matings occurred between the young, and also between the two
    generations.  The increasing population crowded the Eden.  The zoo
    officials had to enlarge Paradise. The Six and the new Two followed
    this growth with interest as originating sponsors. 
                  

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
You can download more great files from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

