
                            " The Leaky Faucet"
                                               
      Sex Story written by Link Trowbridge (Sysop NixPix East BBS)
                                                 207-693-3431

  Its hard for me to describe....the hot steamy sex that I had last night!
It started so slowly...I never knew what hit me.   I was visiting my
Aunt Kate's apartment building in Brooklyn , a large brownstone in a 
attractive location, when she asked me to help her with a tenant's
water supply problem.  Seems her sink was dripping underneath where the
hot water pipes connected.  Even tho the tenants were quite affluent the
prices plumbers in NY commanded made fixing things yourself worth the
inconvenience!  Being a slim muscular man with a can do attitude I jumped
at the chance to return Aunt Kate's hospitality!  
I stopped for lunch at my guest apartment..grabbing  2 glasses of fresh
grape juice and wolfing down some fruit.  Looking in the hall mirror I
noticed how strong and wiry I had become after actually maintaining the
rigorous exercise program I had been performing.  My 35 year old body had
never looked better...with flat stomach..tapering down to my thick long
cock and long hard hairy legs.  I had always looked quite a bit younger
during high school but now was starting to see it as a blessing not a
hindrance anymore.  Pammy, the tenant, would be back from her work soon
but I had at least an hour to kill.  I decided to change into my workout
sweats and take a jog thru the city.  I loved the softness of the rag
grey outfit I had purchased from LL Bean in Freeport,Maine and could still
smell hints of the ocean salt from my seashore jogs back home.
My old swimming trunks  ,blue but faded with age still fit snugly as it did
19 years ago during high school swim classes.  I loves the secure feeling I got 
as my cock and balls were held firmly in its grip.  I hit the pavement with an 
extra spring in my step and raced for 12 minutes at top speed.  When I thought
I was about to collapse, my second wind came and I went into overdrive, easily
cruising along not even feeling my legs working hard below me.
It was a hot and humid day this August..not the kind of day to be jogging
as I saw the "you must be crazy" looks from the public as they huddled inside 
their cars, A/C turned up high.  Soon I felt cooled off as the sweat
having soaked thru my chest and back evaporated on the sweat tops.
The 12 mile run had been invigorating as I bounced up the steps..I was late
and knew it.  Aunt Kate phoned and said to come right over so I skipped the
shower and walked over to the stairs....we went to apt 6G where Pammy was
waiting.  Pammy was a neat professional and her apartment was very clean.
I'm sure the small puddle on the floor had been a major inconvenience for
her .     She greeted me and seemed grateful that Aunt Kate had found
someone to perform the repairs so quickly.  Kate introduced us and then
left to attend other business.  Pammy offered me a drink and I gladly accepted
gulping down water like an elephant.  A quart later my thirst was satisfied
and I slid under the sink took a look and saw the problem..loose packing on
the hot water fitting....hard to get at but an easy repair otherwise.
Pam seemed unusually helpful ,she sat rather close by North American standards
and passed me the tools I needed to start the work.  Rather than asking her 
for the tools in hand she placed them on my torso where I could reach them 
easier.  I noticed her hands lingered a bit too long after the tool was
placed. The hair from my crotch grew up past my navel and I could see Pamela
looking at me intently out the corner of my eye.  I knew there were hot
gals all over but had never really known just who, but Pam was really
getting turned on by this whole scene.  I had never really cared who did
what with who while growing up and I always had been a rugged individualist.
This fit my northern new england upbringing.  Doing this hot sweaty work
under the counter on my back was sheer boredom and my mind soon started 
wandering.  I thought of jerking off my big thick cock and how I loved
watching the hot cummm spurt juicily from its throbbing shaft.  Soon I
felt a stirring in my crotch as my cock started stiffening.  Worried about
embarrassing myself I tried to think other thoughts but my cock kept growing
on its own accord. Pam sure had noticed.... and the stiff nipples 
told me that my earlier presumption was in fact true.  I had never had
been with a southerner before but had often jerked off thinking about spurting
some cummm into a mouth that was appreciative rather than some Bostonians
face who made it obvious that she felt it was obligatory.  I asked Pam
to hold the light closer..she "accidentally" brushed my crotch with her
hand as the light came closer, I thought I would cumm right there and
knew that within moments I would have to unload the throbbing load that
was lying heavy in my balls, after all it had been 3 days now!
I played along with Pam and pretended to not know what she was up to..
By this time I was hot knowing of things to come...as well as sweltering
with the hot water pipes under this stifling apartment kitchenette.
The sweat was trickling from my arms leaving stripes down my tee shirt.
The back was equally soaked as well.  My cock was comfortably hard in
my old swim suit with my 7 inches of manhood stretching it to the limit.
Finally when I could take no more I asked Pam to slide under and shine the 
light on the fixture.  I stood up and with her not able to see I removed my
swim shorts and damp tee shirt leaving only my sweaty bikini strap on..
my shiny buns exposed.  Soon Pam stuck her head out to see what the delay 
was.  I didn't give her time, for as soon as I saw the surprise on her face I
quickly straddled her sticking my cock in her face. " What is goin..."
He started to say... "just shut the fuck up and suck it!! I replied"  Pam
had no choice with her head pinned to the floor and my cock in her face..
She started kissing my cock thru the bikini as I leaned even further in
almost choking off her breath.  " Lick my cock!" I demanded sliding up so she 
would have to mouth my balls on the way as well..I started rocking 
back and forth as my slippery balls,cock and shaft slid back and forth along
her face! When I couldn't stand it much longer I stopped.. I rubbed Pam's now
swollen pussy and started to rub her...she had a look of intense pleasure on
her face as I stroked her.  Soon I let my cock pop out from the side!...I 
removed the brief and flung it across the room after pinning down her arms
with my knees.  She was now totally helpless and after trying to free herself
just resigned to her fate.   My cock was doing involuntary spasms as I
commanded Pam to suck just the head....which she did with growing enthusiasm.
Soon I demanded her kissing the tip with a slurping noise alternating with
 begging.  During all this a small application of pussy juice made
the head all the more slippery.  I was in no rush to cum...and Pammy certainly 
had no place to go either!  I delighted in watching her suck until my cock
started its pre ejaculatory throbbing and twitching but then pulling it from 
her mouth at the last minute leaving it spasming wildly in the air over her 
face.  Soon I tired of this game and my balls got that "full" feeling.
It was time to feed her.  I grabbed her hair and planted my cock firmly
in her mouth ordering her to suck for all she was worth! My right arm was
wildly slapping her ass and alternating fingering her snatch.  Soon that
sweet sensation started building up to the point of no return.  I grabbed
Pamela's face with both hands and put just the tip in her mouth. I told her
she would regret it if she fucked this up for me.  she nodded briefly as I
lost control of my cock muscle....waves and waves of white hot pleasure
erupted from the cock head filling Pam's mouth as she sucked and slurped
hungrily!  This was the grand daddy of all 3 day loads and was especially
gooey and sticky as it stuck to her teeth and lips.  Almost choking, her
bottom began pumping furiously in the air.  I reached back and grabbed her 
cunt and began stroking and at the same time planted my balls firmly on
her tits!   Her cum soaked mouth formed a perfect O as she started moaning
slowly at first and then gradually faster and faster till they became loud
grunts... My hand took the force of her bucking as she came juicily wetting
shooting and throbbing all over her cut offs.  I spanked her hard on her bare 
ass for soiling herself and ordered her to the bathroom to change.
I soon picked up my tools and started to leave having fixed the sink earlier.
What I noticed on the front porch I found rather amusing...near the window
there was a half full bottle of Pepsi and next to it a little pool of cummm.
Someone had watched us...who i never found out yet...but its only been a week
since....and I'm looking forward to finding out! Hell he may have a sister!
Pam began calling my BBS soon afterward....and I mailed her a pair of
shiny black tricot panties with garter belts and hose as well as high heels.
Since I was a boob man I preferred her big bouncy tits to wiggle unencumbered
from restraint.   I've never seen her dressed in them but am hoping and wishing
that some day..I will be summoned to return to "fix" something else!

