Fever
by parker

...things to me. I kicked at the soaked sheets, trying to
disentangle them from my sweaty legs. They were all twisted up,
but I managed to pull my feet free and roll over onto my side. I
knew that in a very short time I would be shivering so badly that
I'd be forced to pull the matted sheets back up again, but for
now I was just too hot. Damn fever.

The mild flu that had sent me to bed early on friday night had,
over the weekend, developed into a raging fever. Frank had wanted
to stay home with me, but I wouldn't let him miss work. Besides,
it wasn't like he could do anything. I just had to sweat it out.

Literally.

The doorbell rang.

I squinted at the clock radio: just past 11 am. Who could that
be? Not Sandra surely; I'd had Frank phone her last night to tell
her I was sick and cancel our lunch. I toyed with the notion of
just laying in bed and ignoring the bell - it rang again - but
decided against it. It might be important.

I slid off the bed, wrapped my thick robe around my shivering
body and walked slowly towards the door. The stairs gave me some
difficulty - I was pretty dizzy - but I grabbed the handrail and
took it one step at a time. It took a while - the bell rang again
before I reached the bottom - but I eventually made it. Flushed
and sweating, I opened the door.

It was a nurse, but dressed like no nurse I had ever seen before.
She wore the white nurse's uniform, but the skirt was very short,
barely covering her thighs, and the neckline plunged down to the
top of her breasts in a deep vee. She was extremely attractive -
funny, it must have been the fever; I didn't normally think of
other women as attractive - with thick, red hair, a slender body
and long... long, stocking-clad legs...

I must have been staring at her legs where they disappeared under
the skirt - once again, it must have been the fever - 'cause she
cleared her throat to get my attention. If it hadn't been for the
fever, I'm sure my face would have burned with embarrassment.

She spoke. "Mrs Blair?"

I nodded, croaking out a "yes".

"I'm nurse Welles, from Homecare Inc." She adjusted her little
hat. "I've been hired to look in on you."

That made sense. I assumed that Frank, or possibly Sandra, had
decided that I needed some medical attention. Very thoughtful,
really. "Come in."

I took a step back from the door, but stumbled. I was
still rather dizzy and weak. The nurse rushed forward and grabbed
my shoulder, steadying me.

"Here," she said. "You belong on your back." She was right; a
fresh wave of dizziness washed over me. She put her hand around
my shoulders and helped me back up the steps. At one point, I
stumbled, and she dropped her hand to my rear end to steady me.
She kept it there for the rest of the journey, using it to
control my progress. I was acutely aware of it... squeezing,
rubbing...

Finally we reached the bedroom and she steered me into the bed.
"Now you just lie there, honey," she told me, pulling off my
robe, "and let nurse Welles take care of you."

Shivering, I fell back onto the mattress. The nurse fixed the
pillow behind my head and then began straightening out the
tangled sheets at my feet. I watched for a bit. In my feverish
state, her movements seemed almost hypnotic. Her long, slender
arms moving over my body; the way her red hair tumbled out from
beneath the white cap bent over... I was quite unable to take my
eyes off her. Eventually, however, the fever took hold and I
began to drift away. I was so tired. I think I fell into a bit of
a daze.

It was like I was dreaming. I felt my nightie - a long tee-shirt,
really - being pulled up until it was bunched under my chin. Then
a voice: "Just relax... relax... leave everything to nurse
Welles... she'll take care of you..."

I relaxed. Then I felt a pair of soft hands - *her* hands -
running along the top of my chest and then down to my breasts. My
breasts! I wanted to sit up and push those hands away - I'd
*never* been touched there by another woman - but it felt so
good. Those hands slid over my breasts, rubbing... massaging...
tweaking my nipples...

I couldn't help but let out a quiet moan as the hands left my
breasts and then moved slowly across my stomach and down to my
pussy. "Just relax..." I felt her finger on the top of my pussy,
just touching, teasing me... I moaned and thrust my hips up to
meet that finger, but every time I did so, it moved away, not
quite losing contact, but just enough so the pressure didn't
increase.

"Please..." Was that my voice begging? I must have been
delirious. But it felt so good. After a few moments, I felt her
hands parting my thighs. I helped, opening my legs as far as they
could go and thrusting upwards with my crotch. I was rewarded
with an extra bit of pressure, and let out a moan.

Then I felt something cool and wettish, sliding down between my
legs and up against my rear end. "Just relax..." It pushed up
against my anus. I tried to clench my ass muscles to stop it from
entering, but every time I tightened up, the finger left my clit.
Whimpering in frustration, I gave in and let her push the object
into me. Further and further... and the deeper it went, the more
pressure was brought to bear on my clit.

I'd never had anything up there before, so it felt kind of
strange. Hurt a bit, but the feelings of pleasure caused by the
hand on my pussy more than made up for any discomfort. By now I
was moaning and whimpering, desperate to come. The feelings built
and built until I was thrashing about on the bed, humping my
crotch into the air as far as I could, trying, needing to...

Ahhh... I sat up, drenched with sweat, pulling my soaked hand away from
my crotch. I'd evidently masturbated myself to orgasm while I was
sleeping. The fever did strange things to me. I kicked at the
soaked sheets, trying to disentangle them from my sweaty legs.
They were all twisted up, but I managed to pull my feet free and
roll over onto my side. I knew that in a very short time I would
be shivering so badly that I'd be forced to pull the matted
sheets back up again, but for now I was just too hot.

Damn fever.

The mild flu that had sent me to bed early on friday night had,
over the weekend, developed into a raging fever. Frank had wanted
to stay home with me, but I wouldn't let him miss work. Besides,
it wasn't like he could do anything. I just had to sweat it out.

Literally.

The doorbell rang...
