
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject: Jetstream: Annabel's Schooldays - 4
Date: Sun, 21 Jul 1996 20:26:47 UTC
From: an123724@anon.penet.fi
Newsgroups: alt.sex.fetish.watersports
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING: The following textfile contains descriptions of rather 
unconventional people and activities. It may contain detailed 
descriptions of fleshy labia and thick clitorises, bulging gussets, 
creamy vaginas,  girls who ejaculate, and girls who can't help 
themselves from  spraying their piss at the most inconvenient 
moments. There may be mild hints of SM, and possibly the vaguest 
suggestion of some scat.
If you enjoy these stories and find that they give you particularly 
intense orgasms, it may mean that you are as much of a pervert as 
me. Please e-mail me your thoughts or ideas for stories. 
(an123724@anon.penet.fi)  - I'm always keen to meet a fellow 
enthusiast, and I will ALWAYS reply to a personal message. I will 
NOT reply to simple requests for stories or reposts, or to flames or 
moral outrage.
ENJOY!

Jetstream


Annabel's Schooldays - Part Four
The Human Toilet (again!)
by Jetstream


If the tears of shame burning Miss Charmaine's cheeks meant that 
she thought that her humiliation was over, then she was sorely 
mistaken. There were another four schoolgirls dancing with the 
desperation of brim-full bladders, and determined to follow 
Damaris's splendid example of using their teacher as a lavatory. 
Each, however, had already concocted her own, different 
technique. 
"Me next, I'm absolutely bursting!" declared Charlie, and pushed 
the schoolmistress back so that she supported herself on her arms. 
Knowing she had to obey, she once more threw her head back and 
opened her mouth wide in readiness to receive the girl's cunt-
spurtings. Charlie's long bed t-shirt was already being pulled up 
around her thighs, as she turned and straddled her teacher-toilet, 
using it bottom-first as a well brought up girl ought, not standing 
up and facing like a man at a urinal, as Damaris had done. 
The young teacher was presented with a vision of her firm young 
bottom, stretching the fabric of her tight, white schoolgirl 
knickers, crumpling and creasing as she hurriedly tugged them 
down to her knees. Her buttocks were slightly apart, and in the 
dark crease between, the teacher could see the tightly clenched 
rosebud of her young anus, and offered an instant prayer that none 
of them would need to use this human toilet in *that* fashion. 
The thought that she might have to accept a long, brown, stinking 
stool, oozing out of the arseholes of one of these young girls, the 
horrifying prospect of having to swallow their shit, was so awful 
that she could still cling to the hope that her humiliation would 
not be complete in this way. 
At least for the time being, she was safe. Charlie's juicy, 
deliciously pungent teenage labia slipped open, copiously 
dribbling with threads of creamy spume, and almost immediately, 
a big desperate hosing of golden toilet-juice poured from Charlie's 
little exposed piss-hole, and its bitter, salty flavour was flooding 
onto Miss Toilet's tastebuds, as the  young girl squatted over her 
open mouth.
Damaris had, for whatever reason, kept her cunt pressed to Miss 
Charmaine's mouth, and had insisted that she must not spill a 
drop. Obediently, she had not, swallowing regularly, and sucking 
hungrily at the fleshy cunt as if it were a ripe fruit until not the 
tiniest squeezing from her bladder remained.  But with Charlie's 
bowl-hovering style there was no chance of such care: the stream 
strayed and splattered wide; yes, a good deal of it filled up her 
open mouth, frothing and bubbling as it would have done had her 
mouth been a real toilet, but there was no way the squatting 
schoolgirl could prevent a lot of her piss from squirting all over 
her teacher's face and neck and into her hair, dribbling back into 
her ears, or running down her chin into the cotton of her night-
shirt. Some of it went well astray, soaking the thin white material 
over her apple-sized breasts, making her large nipples clearly 
visible through it. The last few spasming squirts were of course 
the worst controlled and showered the reclining  girl from brow to 
nipple.  Charlie contented herself with a little wiggle of her hips 
to shake the last few drips from her dangling labia, and then 
pulled her knickers back up over her bottom.
It was young, quiet Claire, however, who had the most peverted 
idea of all. She had the teacher kneel, with her face on the floor, 
and her bottom in the air, and they gently pulled her little white 
panties down so that just her fleshy pink arsehole was exposed. 
Claire produced, from her cupboard, a tub of Vaseline, and from 
the bathroom, a large funnel. Miss Charmaine's heart sank. What 
were they going to do to her now? She felt the girl's slim fingers 
gently rubbing Vaseline into her anus. She felt it slacken 
involuntarily, and then felt the intrustion of the slanting narrow 
end of the funnel. Then she realised: Claire was going to piss into 
her rectum and give her a golden enema! The girls all watched 
avidly as she stood with her thighs apart, and the dense black hair 
of her cunt exposed, and the furious stream of piss jetted 
accurately from beneath her pink clit, twirling and gurgling 
noisily into the funnel. 
Miss Charmaine, her face pressed to the cold floor, groaned with 
shame and disgust. She had now reached such a low, that she had 
started to feel to comfort of assuming that she would never have 
any dignity ever again. She had never had an enema before, and 
the feeling of Claire's hot piss seeping into her bowels was very 
strange. Very soon, she found herself feeling full, and by the time 
the girls saw Claire's cunt twitching the last few squirts, she was 
wanting to rush to the toilet herself, praying only that they would 
let her. But there was no chance. 
Alex and Helen stepped forward together, and stood over Claire's 
makeshift toilet bowl, pressing their breasts together, twining 
their arms round each other. Slowly they stroked the front of each 
other's panties, each feeling the slippery cream on the other's 
gussets. Carefully they peeled aside each other's knickers, and 
massaged each other's sticky labia apart. Then they were both 
pissing at once into the funnel, over each other's fingers, over 
each other's clitorises, but finally, inevitably, into Miss 
Charmaine's arsehole. The schoolmistress felt her belly filling 
with the weight of all those girls' piss, along with her bladder, 
which had now filled with Damaris and Charlie's cunt-spurtings. 
When the two girls had finally finished their lesbian piss-wank, 
they kissed each other passionately and stepped aside. Claire 
leaned forward and slipped the funnel from its place, and the 
young woman's anus automatically clenched tightly shut, but a 
tiny spurt of the girls' mingled piss leapt out, making it clear to 
Claire that the young woman wouldn't be able to hold her enema 
in for very long. 
"Ohhhhh Ghodddd!" groaned the teacher, and suddenly, they were 
appalled at what they had done. 
"Get the pot, quick!" said Charlie, "I think it's all coming out 
again!" and someone dragged the porcelain Chamber pot from 
beneath one of the beds. They were about to place it beneath Miss 
Charmaine's hips, so that she could empty herself into it, when 
from across the room, they heard "Wait!"
It was Annabel. In their perverted excitement, they had all 
forgotten about her. The sexy, long-legged blonde got up from the 
bed, and walked across the room, her long, softly erect clitoris 
and her thick, puckered cunt-lips dangling down from her light-
brown pubes. They watched in astonishment as the teen angel 
with the silken blonde hair carefully lowered herself until she was 
sitting, open-legged on the far rim of the pot, the fantastic meat of 
her cunt directly opposite the piss-dribbling ring of Miss 
Charmaine's anus. She slowly wanked herself back to full 
erection so that her big knob poked forth from her hairy piss-flesh 
and her big lips fell open to reveal her creaming, twitching cunt-
hole.
"Okay," she said, "let her do it." They eased Miss Charmaine's 
hips back so that she was poised over the pot. 
"My knickers.... I'm going to piss too, pull my knickers down!" 
said Miss Charmaine, urgently. The white panties had only been 
pulled down far enough to reveal her arsehole so that Claire could 
put her wicked funnel into it. Now it was Damaris who peeled the 
pocket of her gusset from the thickly furred bun of her proffered 
cunt, and dragged the panties halfway down her awkwardly-open 
thighs. The sight exposed jolted Annabel with two shocking 
revelations: first, however densely the wiry black pubes of Miss 
Charmaine might grow in her deepest and most intimate knicker-
bits, there was no way that they would ever be able to obscure the 
bulging purple flesh of her huge labia, or the rumpled folds of her 
enormous clitoral foreskin, for after all that she had said earlier, 
Miss Charmaine had a pussy which was very nearly as fleshy and 
protruberant as Annabel's herself. Neither Charlie nor Damaris 
could come close to her in sheer quantity or prominence of their 
girl-meat. Second, the teacher's labia were actually dripping with 
cream - Miss Charmaine had *loved* being the girls' toilet, and it 
took one look, as her big fuck-lips slipped open, at the big knob 
of her rolled-back clitoris, to see that she was seconds away from 
orgasm. Annabel watched as she leaned back, her bottom 
spreading wider, her naked back lifting up, her nightie around her 
waist, her pale, apple-sized breasts revealed to the rest of the 
girls, and she heard her groan.
And as she groaned, Annabel felt a surprisingly hot jet of fluid 
spraying onto her belly and drooling down through her pubes. It 
was squirting out of Miss Charmaine's arsehole and it was made 
of three of her class-mates' piss, whose enema her teacher was 
ecstatically evacuating.  Annabel hurriedly angled her cunt so that 
the fluid could be made to shoot directly onto her clitoris, and as 
soon as she felt the hot flow, she knew that her own orgasm was 
about to hit her. She wanked her huge girl-cock in the dark golden 
toilet-juice that squirted out of her teacher's shit-hole and dribbled 
messily all over her genitals. She saw Miss Charmaine's fingers 
come forth from below and hurriedly start to rub at the huge 
clitoris, and, if she needed anything more to make her come, she 
got it as she felt Miss Charmaine's own piss, which was once 
Damaris and Charlie's squirting up between her own labia, 
shooting into her twitching vagina. The result was that into this 
already hellish cocktail of bodily fluids now dribbling from the 
cunts and arses of teacher and teenager and collecting in the potty 
beneath them, was introduced a new component. Annabel started 
to ejaculate. Girl-spunk started to spurt from beneath her huge 
clit, some of it being washed away by the teacher's pissing, but 
much of it beginning to shoot over her pissing, masturbated labia. 
Though her orgasm was underway, Annabel knew that the really 
big spunking hadn't started yet, and she had a split-second to 
realise her desires. Grasping the teacher's broad pissing hips, she 
dragged her down so that Annabel's enormous clitoris squelched 
deep into her teacher's slick vagina, as the teacher's own big clit 
lodged in hers, the piss that was still pouring out being forced up 
Annabel's vagina like a douche. 
"Oh God, yes, Annabel, darling, spunk up me, spunk up me!" she 
groaned, and Annabel felt herself pumping her teacher's vagina 
full of her creamy girlish semen in long powerful squirts.  
