Akiko (a-key-ko)
Silphy (sill-fee)
LYLOC (lye-lock)

LYLOC CHRONICLES

VOL. 0
Issue. (Special Intro Issue)

Silphy woke up and stretched her arms. She yawed and rolled over, and then
surprised to see her older sister laying in bed next to her. Then she
remembered the night before.

A large crowd had been in the inn, and dinner was being served. Silphy and
her sister had been traveling from far, and they both had a hearty filling
of soup. After that the beer and ale started being passed around. Silphy
remembered getting quite drunk, and her sister doing the same. She didn't
remember much more after that. But she must have paid for a room for her
and her sister. She hoped she didn't pay to much, and that her possessions
hadn't been stolen if she had left the door unlocked. She quickly sat up,
and looked around the room.

Her backpack sat next to the bed, and she saw her money pouch sitting on
the table next to the bed, on top of her cloths. "Whheew," Silphy let out a
sigh and dropped back onto the bed. Silphy turned her head towards her
sister, and started thinking about how nice her 19 year old sisters body
looked. Akiko had long brown hair, that fell down to about the middle of
her back. She had a fit body, with strong legs, and a smooth tummy. She
also had nice round breasts. "I wish I had breasts like my sisters," Silphy
thought to herself. "Even though I'm two years younger, I know I'll never
have as wonderful a body as my sister..."

Silphy didn't look that bad , although she never though so herself. She had
blond hair that reached down a little farther than her shoulders, and she
hadn't shaved her pussy like her sister. Silphy's breasts where a little
smaller than her sisters, and her nipples where a little farther up on her
breasts, pointing upward a little. She also had a fit body, and her facial
features where a little feline.

As Silphy relaxed, she thought about how sexually attractive her sisters
body was. She caught her self thinking this, and was astonished. "You've
never thought about another girl that way!" Silphy scolded herself. But
Akiko sure does have a nice body....

Then Silphy suddenly realized how much she needed to relive her bladder.
"Oh my god," She thought. "I haven't gone since about noon yesterday, and I
had all that beer and soup last night sure isn't helping any! Silphy pushed
her palms into her crotch, pressing hard. "I'm gonna Explode!" She felt the
piss starting to leak out of her pussy. She laid her head to the side, and
than a wicked little though came to her.

Silphy got up, pulled back the sheets, and down on her sisters tummy.
"Akiko, wake up," she whispered softly. Silphy couldn't hold it any longer.
She let it go, and her piss splashed out onto her sister. The piss started
to roll off of her sister, and onto the bed. With her hands she rubbed the
warm pee into Akiko, and on her breasts. Silphy felt her nipples hardening.
She reached back, between her legs, and felt the piss gushing onto her
arms. Then she cupped her hands beneath her pussy, letting them fill with
urine. Her hands started to overflow, and she pushed her hands hard up
against her crotch, rubbing the piss into her hair, and into skin.

As the piss continued to gush out, Silphy spread her pussy lips open wide,
exposing her pink & tender inside. Then she leaned back, making an arch
with her piss, and it landed in her sisters face. Akiko woke up sputtering
and shouted, "What the hell is going on!?!?" When she finally came to her
senses and saw Silphy with her pussy pissing on her she almost hit her
sister, but then Silphy leaned down on her and started rubbing more piss
around on Akiko's breasts, which Akiko found sickening, but extremely
arousing. Akiko grabbed her sisters head and shoved it into her huge,
hardened tits, and instructed Silphy to suck hard. All the while Silphy was
still spouting piss.

As Silphy's face was pushed into her sisters tits, she immediately started
licking them, and could taste the pissy residue still on them. Silphy began
to suck her sisters hard-hard nipples, and then she felt Akiko reaching
over her ass. Akiko rubbed inside Silphy's pussy, and then with her piss
soaked hands, rubbed up Silphy's crotch and through Silphy's crack. Silphy
stopped sucking and let out a loud moan. Even after all the pissing she had
done, her bladder still felt full.

Silphy started rubbing her crotch hard with her hands, and rubbed her own
piss all over the area. She lifted her face out of her sisters breasts, and
then crawled up further on the bed. Her piss still gushed out, and she
shoved her pussy into Akiko's face.

Akiko opened her mouth, and let the pee rush into her mouth. She choked at
first, her sister's water was salty and bitter. Akiko quickly got over
that, and then she began to actually enjoy the taste. Akiko grabbed her
sister's ass, and then pressed Silphy's pussy lips hard against her mouth,
sucking on them as she gulped down the piss. It started dripping out of the
sides of her mouth, and she tilted her head away. The piss gushed all over
her face, and in her hair.

"Come on, Suck more!!" Screamed Silphy. "It was so good!"

Akiko slid Silphy a little farther down on her so the stream of piss hit
her breasts, and shoved her sister against them. Silphy sat up, and rubbed
her pee hard into Akiko's tits. Then she spread her cheeks apart, and sat
on one of Akiko's breasts. She rubbed herself back and forth on her
sister's tits that where slicked with piss, having Akiko's hard nipple rub
up inside her ass-hole a little each slide.

Silphy shook into a huge orgasm, and sprayed her piss all over. Her ass
slapped hard against Akiko's now-glossy tits. After she stopped rocking,
her bladder finally had stopped gushing, but still had a little stream
trickling out. Silphy fell down, lading her pussy right in Akiko's face.
Akiko sucked the last of the piss out of pussy, and then stuck her tounge
inside, and licked the soft, pink inside. Silphy giggled a little, and then
rolled away.

"Mmmm... I wanted some more," Akiko pouted.

"I'm all empty now," Silphy answered. "Wow, that was great!"

Akiko pondered awhile then asked, "Silphy, what made you climb on top of me
and decide to relieve yourself anyway?"

"I don't know," Silphy said. "I'm not sure what came over me! but, I'd sure
be willing to do it again!"

"Yea, me too!"

Silphy and Akiko got dressed, and packed up all there belongings. They set
out of the inn, and continued the trek westward, towards their destination.

* * * *

Back at the inn:

Maid: "These sheets are all wet, and they smell like piss!! Those two girls
mus'uv had wetting problems or something! Eh, poor children.....

TO BE CONTINUED!!!

BY: Daicon Hunter.
Distribute freely, but keep it all intact!
Mail flame/comments/ideas to: wombat @winternet.com (subject: TO D.H.)
BE SURE TO MAKE THE SUBJECT OF THE LETTER :TO D.H or TO DAICON HUNTER!!! if
you don't do this, then the message will never get to me!!! So don't bother
writing if you don't do that!!!!

How you say it:
Akiko (a-key-ko)
Silphy (sill-fee)
LYLOC (like the flower!)

Hope you liked it! The sequels won't all be this um, filled, put they
promise to be entertaining!
