
Sally & Sandy Part I
"Double Your Pleasure"
by Whettone@aol.com

(A fantasy that I hope comes true someday! This is the first in a series, 
describing how I met Sally & Sandy. These stories are written exclusively for 
Bob, Java and BLWP. Although I am included in the fun in this story, all future 
stories will be strictly lesbian watersports as related to me by the girls. 
Sandy and Sally are 25 years old and own a ladies only aerobics business 
(obviously a source for future stories.)

_______________________________________________

I'd only been in the bar for a short time when I spotted the tall blonde in the 
skin tight red dress at the other end of the bar.  She had just kissed off some 
other guy so I thought I might as well give it a shot.  I approached her with my 
best line and she said "Piss on you!". Having always had a strong curosity about 
golden showers and figuring I had nothing to lose at this point, I said "O.K., 
your place or mine?"

This caught her by surprise, then a smile came to her face and she said "My name 
is Sandy, and if you're serious, let's go to my place."

"Let's go!" I said, not believing my luck at not only this beautiful woman but 
the chance to taste and feel her golden nectar.

As soon as we were through the door of her apartment, she was all over me, 
tearing at my shirt, groping my already hard cock through my pants and humping 
my leg.  Then she headed for the bedroom, pealing the dress off as she went. 
When she turned around in front of the bed I saw the most incredible body I had 
ever seen: large firm breasts with hugh nipples that stood out a full inch, a 
perfect body with just a hint of light blonde hair above her slick pussy that 
was already wet with her juices.  She sat on the bed, pulled me to her and 
quickly undid my pants and pulled out my throbbing meat.  I took off the rest of 
my clothes as her hot mouth stroked up and down my cock, bring me almost to the 
point of shooting.

Not wanting to end this so soon, I pushed her back on the bed and buried my face 
in her hot, moist puss.  Her juices were sweet and I eagerly slurped them up.  I 
could feel her building to an orgasm and then her body tensed and shuddered as 
it raced through her.  I was rewarded with an even greater flood of tasty pussy 
juice and then she topped it off with a powerful squirt of hot pee.  This caught 
me totally by surprise but the slightly pungent taste mixed with her sweet cum 
was the ultimate sweet & sour sauce and turned me on even more and I said "Oh 
yea, give me more!"  She gave me one more little squirt and said "You'll get all 
you want later."

I moved up her body, pausing to suck on her huge nipples, then kissed her as she 
eagerly sucked the taste of her own cum and pee from my mouth. As I plunged into 
her slippery cunt and began to fuck her with everything I had, suddenly a voice 
said "That looks like fun, mind if I join you?"  I turned around to see another 
incredibly built blonde, an exact duplicate of what was writhing underneath me. 
"This is my twin sister, Sally", Sandy said, "We like to share things, 
especially wet things."  I always thought double your pleasure was for gum 
commercials, but this looked like any man's ultimate fantasy.  "I wouldn't want 
to mess up a family tradition", I said.

The girls put me on my back on the bed then began kissing each other, then 
taking turns sucking each others tits and then Sally said "Boy, I'm really 
thirsty" as she knelt in front of her sister.  "Anything for you sis" Sandy said 
as she spread open her pussy lips and Sally opened her mouth and moved under the 
dripping wet pussy. Sandy let go with a tremendous stream directly into her 
sister's mouth and it was all Sally could do to keep up with the flow but she 
swallowed eagerly and obviously did this on a regular basis. Then Sandy shut off 
the flow and said "That's all for now, but I want some too." Sandy laid down 
next to me as Sally straddled her face. I watched as her beautiful pussy, just 
inches away from me began to let out hot spurts of pee into Sandy's open mouth. 
Sandy hungrily swallowed it as she licked at the tight pee hole between squirts.

After Sandy had consummed a few mouths full, Sally stopped and the girls moved 
toward me. Sandy sat on my throbbing cock while Sally sat on my face. I could 
taste the tangy pee on her cunt and couldn't wait to get more. Sally was humpin' 
my tongue with her wet pussy while Sandy pumped up and down on my cock and they 
took turns sucking each other's tits.  After they each rocked through an orgasm 
and Sally had filled my mouth with one big squirt, they got up to switch 
positions. But when Sally sat on my cock it wasn't her pussy that tightened 
around me, it was her tight ass. As Sally moved up and down my cock, Sandy stood 
up, straddled her sister's face and Sally eagerly slurped the pussy cum from 
Sandy's dripping snatch.  This sight and the tight ass stroking my cocking was 
more than I could take  "I going to cum!" I yelled. I had thought the girls must 
be out of pee by now but I was totally wrong.

As Sally rode my cock, her pussy was pointed right at me. The golden stream 
began to erupt as a stream on my belly then worked its way up as the flow 
increased.  As the hot spray poured on my chest, I opened my mouth in eager 
anticipation.  Just then I noticed a yellow flow running down Sally's big tits 
and looked up to see Sandy pissing all over her sister's face and into her open 
mouth.  Sally tried her best to drink it all but this time there was just too 
much. As Sally's hot pee hit my mouth, Sandy cut off her own flow, then moved 
back over my face and let loose again, her golden juice mixing with Sally's in 
my thankful mouth. This triggered my throbbing cock and I let loose with the 
biggest load ever in Sally's tight buns. As my spurting slowed, the girls 
continued to bathe me and each other with their hot piss, they both seemed to 
have an endless supply.

Then the piss stopped, and I thought this was it, but then Sandy turned over on 
her back, laid on my piss soaked chest with her pussy at my mouth and her head 
at my crotch as Sally was still impaled on my cock.  Then Sally raised up, moved 
over her sister and as hot golden pee began to pour out again, she pumped my hot 
load of cum out of her ass into Sandy's open mouth, the cum and pee mixing as 
Sandy swallowed it all up. This gave Sandy one final orgasm, topped off with a 
few more squirts of the last of her golden juice in my face.

This definitely fulfilled my curiosity about golden showers, I knew I was 
hooked. I found out that the girls do this every Friday, one goes out looking 
for a girl or guy to bring home to the other to show the wonders of wet sex. I 
know I am already looking forward to our next meeting and tales of their 
seduction of innocent young girls into their world of wet girl/girl sex.
