Date: Fri, 15 Nov 1996 17:30:08 +0100 (MET)
Subject: New One
To: bobblue@super.zippo.com
From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bob,
Here is a new WS story-- a BobBlue Exclusive! (oooooo, ahhhhh, oohhhhhh).
Hope you enjoy.

Wildhelm
------------------------------------------------------------------------



				     KP
				     ==

	Kathy sat down on her bed.  She was waiting for the butterflies in
her stomach to stop twitching.  "I can't believe this," she said.  
	It had been a week since she met Paulette.  It had changed her
life.  From the momement Kathy saw her, she felt an attraction, almost
magnetic, to this small brunette woman with a storm in her eyes.  Paulette
was about 5'2", and was cute in a way that only short women could be. Yet
when she looked up at Kathy, it was not some silly girl, but a self
confident woman who was searching for something different.
	"Good evening," Paulette said.  She was wearing blue jeans with a
loose off white shirt.  One could see her firm breasts pushing the
fabric of her shirt out slightly.  She was a woman who
could look good in just about anything.
	"Hi," Kathy said lamely.  Why couldn't she be more smooth anytime
she met someone who had some class?  Kathy was much taller than most
women, and blond.  Men often resented her height, and few relationships
had lasted.  For many men, their eyes were bigger than their egos.  Not
many could deal with standing next to a woman who was significantly
taller.  Most had enjoyed the feeling of conquering, but didn't care for
the aftermath.  She understood their discomfort.	
	Kathy was not a lesbian. Although she had experimented with other
women, she didn't feel that she could exculsively give up men--although
they seemed to give up on her. Her first experience with a woman had been
enlightening, but not awe inspiring.  And yet, as she looked down upon
this diminutive, yet strong woman, she felt a tightness in her chest that
she had not felt in a long time.  
	Paulette introduced herself and invited Kathy to share a drink
with her.  They sat, and Paulette ordered a beer for each.  Kathy didn't
mention that she didn't care much for beer, and Paulette didn't ask. 
	"So, what are you up to tonight?" Paulette asked her.  The
question is perfectly natural, thought Kathy.  So why am I shaking?
	"Oh, just looking for something new" she replied, trying to sound
more confident than she was.  
	"Good," Paulette purred, "I was hoping for the same thing."  It
was obvious that Paulette had found something new...and was interested.
Her eyes were piercing into Kathy, caressing her from head to toe.  "Would
you like to join me?" Paulette asked pointedly.
	The offer hung in the air between them.  There was certainly
something about her, thought Kathy.  Something that made her difficult to
resist.  Not that she particularly wanted to resist.
	"I'd love to," Kathy replied, forcing more calmness into her voice
than she felt.
	"Wonderful," murmured Paulette, "Let's go."
	
	They had not slept together yet.  Kathy was surprised and
frusterated.  At first she was nervous, but now she was ravenous.  They
had spent long hours together at dinner, at the movies, and had even
exchanged a few longing kisses.  But whenever Kathy expected Paulette to
make her move, she had only smiled and said, "Not yet my darling."
	This time, Kathy was not going to take no for an answer.  Paulette
had just called and was coming over.  This time, she wasn't going to get
away.  She had everything set up as she wanted it.  She would be waiting
for Paulette on the bed when she came in.  
	The doorbell rang, and Kathy called out, "Come in."
	The door opened and Paulette stood in the doorway wearing a long
coat.  At the sight of Kathy nude on the bed, she smiled slightly.  She
closed the door, and walked over to the bed.  "I've been waiting for this,
my sweet," Paulette said.  She leaned down and kissed Kathy deeply.  
	Kathy reached through the shorter woman's coat and felt-nothing.
Paulette had worn nothing under this coat!  She felt Paulette's small yet
firm breasts, with their nipples poking out slightly.  She moved her hand
down further, feeling her tiny ribs and belly button.  Even further down
she felt the soft fuzz of her pubic hair.  
	By now, their tongues were tasting each other's mouths for the
first time.  Hot lips pressed against each other's.  Paulette reached down
to Kathy's crotch, and strated caressing the soft pubic hair.  Then she
stroked her finger along the edge of Kathy's vagina.  Kathy moaned softly
at her touch.  
	Paulette moved her finger slightly to push gently into Kathy.  It
felt wonderful to Kathy, just as she had imagined when masturbating,
dreaming about this moment.  
	Paulette slid her finger deep into Kathy.  Her eyes penetrated
into Kathy's.  As Kathy's excitement grew, so did the moisture seeping
from her crotch.  She felt the tip of Paulette's finger tenderly caressing
her opening.  It slid in slightly, rubbing softly against the inner folds
of her vagina.
	Kathy started kissing Paulette's lovely breasts.  She pressed the
shorter woman's hard nipple against her lips.  Paulette groaned softly at
her touch.  Kathy started kissing Paulette lower, and lower.  Until she
could smell Paulette's womanhood.  It was strong, musky, and highly
erotic.  Unlike the hair on her head, Paulette's public hair was
darker--a light chestnut color.  As Kathy gazed at her dark triangle, she
couldn't keep herself from licking her lips in anticipation.  
	Paulette gently pushed Kathy's face into her crotch.  She spread
her legs widely, and opened herself.  Kathy teased Paulette's clitoris
with her tongue.  The soft knob of flesh was quite large, and appeared to
be very sensitive.  For when Kathy touched it with her tongue, Paulette
jerked wildly against her face. 
	Kathy slid her tongue down the sweet tasting crevice, and softly
into Paulette's opening.  She tasted the sweet juices surrounding her
vagina.  Paulette was moaning softly and pushing her pelvis against
Kathy's face.  
	"Mmmm," Paulette groaned, "that is so nice.  Perhaps I should keep
you."  She softly touched Kathy's hair.  She started to push against her
face rhythmically, faster and faster. 
	Kathy truly enjoyed performing on this woman.  She was sweet
tasting, and very enthusiastic.  With her left hand, she began to play
with herself as she ate Paulette.  
	Suddenly, her mouth was filled with hot fluid.  It tasted salty,
and slightly fruity.  With a sudden shock, Kathy realized that Paulette
was pissing down her throat.  Kathy had swollowed the first spurt out of
shock, some of it splashed down her chest and up on her face.  She smelled
it as it splashed over her hair and some of it down her back.  Instead of
being completely disgusted, she was surprised to find herself quite
intrigued by the new experience.  She felt Paulette push the last of the
lovely stuff from her body.  She made sure to slurp up the last of it. 
	Wiping off her face with her hand, she looked up at Paulette in
amazement.  "My goodness!" She murmured, "you are full of surprises,
aren't you?"
	Paulette smiled gently and replied, "Yes, and I'd like to see some
surprises from you as well."  Her meaning was clear.
	Kathy wasn't sure that she would be able to produce.  After all,
she often had a difficult time using public restrooms.  But, she was
willing to try.  Kathy took Paulette's place on the bed, sitting down in
the now luke warm urine that Paulette had just released all over her.  
	Paulette positioned herself under Kathy's crotch, and poked her
tongue at Kathy's clitoris and damp crevice.  Kathy squeezed, attempting
to pass water all over this wonderful little woman's head.  But, try as
she might, she was unable to release a flow.
	"I have an idea," Paulette said. "You see, I had the same problem
when I first started." Paulette pulled Kathy gently into the lavatory. She
sat Kathy down on the toilet, and told her to relax, and go as she
normally would.  Paulette kneeled between her legs.
	Kathy relaxed her groin muscles, and tried to think about
something other than the small brunette between her legs.  Slowly, and
quietly, she felt a warm stream squirt from between her legs.  Paulette
caught the first drops with her fingers, and quickly placed them in her
mouth.  "Mmmmm...I can't wait," she said.
	The stream grew steadily stronger, and Paulette pulled Kathy to
her feet, in mid stream.  She saw Paulette let the urine stream pour over
her head, into her mouth, and down her crotch.  She happily lapped up the
piss now squirting merrily from Kathy.  
	Soon, however, the stream stopped, and they stepped into the
shower to clean themselves.  Kathy kissed Paulette deeply, still tasting
her own urine on her breath.  




