
      PissyMissy
      by missy

  Hi, everybody!! Missy here.
I love to pee my pretty skirts and dresses in public.
I go out to some public place, like the mall, and pee myself
while wearing my prettyest clothes.  I like to pee myself in
skirts or dresses that way the hot pee runs thru my panties and
down my nylons into a pretty pair of pumps.

  I have been going out in public and peeing myself for
many years.  I go and stand in lines at theaters, I go to the
supermarket.  Sometimes I just go join a any long line any where
theres a bunch of ladies waiting to get into a restroom.  I squeal
and moan about how much pain I am in then when I have everyones
attention and pity I pee myself.

  When I was a little girl I used to pee myself in my seat
at school.  I would just sit thier and urinate into my ruffly
dress.  I would be sitting in warm delicious pee.  Everyone would
turn and point at me and the giant pee puddle forming under my desk.
My teacher was a very stern woman.  She would say, "Missy, you lazy
little girl, HOW DARE YOU!!  Dont you even think about moving out of
that chair!  Just sit in your own hot urine you lazy little thing!"
I would squirm around in my own piss.  It was so warm and smelled
so good.  I knew everyone else had to smell it and that gave me such
a tingly feeling.  They would all mock me and call me "PissyMissy".
And It was so embarrassing and humiliating, I would turn so red and
get so warm, but in another way I would enjoy it so much.  My pussy
would get warm too.

  Then after class the teacher would be so mad.  She would pull
up my shirt or dress and pull down my panties and give me a bare bottom
spanking.  I think I would have a orgasm but im not sure.  Back in those
days teachers could get away with such things.  Then she would thro me
to my knees into my piss puddle and yell "Clean that mess up!"
Sometimes she would push my face into it.  She would be standing right
at the edge of the puddle watching me sternly tapping her high heeled
pumps while I groveled at her feet in my own urine.  Back then all the
woman teachers wore shiny black patent pumps so I could see the
reflection of her white panties in them.  I thought her grown up woman pussy
looked so pretty.  How I wanted to crawl over and rub my face in her panties.

 When I was done she would not be so angery anymore and she would
take me by the hand and lead me to the reastroom.  She would rince my
panties out under the sink and take a hanky or something, wetting it and
clean my legs off.  She would rub it also all over my pretty little slit
too making sure to get it very clean.  Im not sure but a couple times I
may have been able to have another little girl orgasm right there.  She
certainly took her time about it mopping me every where.   More then
once I caught her lifting the hanky up to her nose and sniffing it.  But
when I questioned her about it she just said, "Dont imagine such things."

  But I couldnt help it.  I told her I had seen her pretty white
lacy panties and thought they were so beautiful I wished I could smell
them.  She looked a little hesitent but suddinly she stepped right out
of them and handed them to me.  She said she thought about such things
when she was a little girl to but no one ever helped her.  I took her
panties, they were so pretty and warm and surprisingly moist and held
them against my face.  I breathed in such a intoxicating aroama of pure

cunt, it was heaven.  Her panties were so moist, I said, "Teacher you
have peed yourself a little too, but it doesnt smell like pee."  She
said "Do you like it?" "Yes ever so much." and with that I put her wet
panties in my mouth and just started sucking.  Oh they tasted so good.  I
sucked them right in front of her unashamadly.  She said,"Do you like
the taste of a full grown womans pussy, Missy?"  I said, "Yes ever so
much."

  She sat down on the toilet after locking the door and
spread her legs.  She said, "Missy kneel between my legs."
I got right bewteen her legs.  I was so happy to be kneeling
in front of her pretty pussy.  She said "Do you like what you see?"
I shook my head yes.  She said "Did you like the way my panties
tasted."
Again I knodded yes.  She said my pussy taste even better.  I said,
"Please teacher may I taste it, please, please.  She giggled and said
"Alright."  With that I plunged my little face right into her hot nest.

My face was immediatly wet.  I didnt know what I was doing so I rubbed
my face all into it.  It smelled so good and I could taste her womanness
on my lips. I wanted to taste more so I stuck my tongue out and licked it
all over.

I found her slit and put my tongue up her hole.  It was gushing cuntjuice
and I drank it down.  I keep saying thank you teacher, as I licked her
pussy out.  Suddenly she grabbed hold of my head and forsed my face
deep into her private parts my little tongue was going a mile a minute.
Then she began to shudder.  She was shuddering and cramming my face
into her pussy and I guess she couldnt help it for some reason she
began to pee into my face.  She held my face and urinated into my
mouth. I thought this was just more of the same delicious pussy and drank
her piss stream.  I just put my mouth over it and sucked it from her pussy.

I couldnt keep up and she urinate all over my face.  She keep saying
"Im sory, Im sorry."  But I didnt mind.  There was some urine left over
on her pretty shoes.  I kneeled down and licked her urine off her pretty
feet.  I said, Please can I do this every day teacher?"  She said "Yes
but do not call me teacher, call me Mistress."  I said "Yes Mistress."


Should I finish this story I wonder.

