
From: nobody@REPLAY.COM (Anonymous)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: KP2 (FF, WS)
Date: 17 Nov 1996 22:15:04 +0100
 
 
                               KP2
                               ===
 
  Kathy sat in bed waiting for Paulette to get out of the shower.
  Clearly, Paulette enjoyed long showers. And not just with tap water.
 
  Kathy smiled to herself as she thought about the last hour. Their
  lovemaking had spilled over a bit, one could say.  And the sheets
  were stained to prove it.
 
  As she waited, she thought about all the interesting things she
  wanted to do to Paulette.  Above all, she wanted the satisfaction of
  shocking her.  Ah, to think of all the wonderful things they would do
  together.  She wondered if Paulette was interested in other kinky
  sexual acts, other than golden showers.
 
  Paulette emerged from the shower, dripping wet.  "Hello lover!" she
  called out.  She walked over to Kathy, and kissed her deeply. "So,
  did you enjoy it?" she asked.
 
  "Oh did I ever!" Kathy replied.  She recalled the hot piss streaming
  into her mouth and down her chest.  She remembered the very intimate
  nature of the act.  Something that was intensely private was being
  shared with someone else.
 
  "Wonderful," Paulette replied.  Once again she kissed Kathy.   Then
  her hands went to Kathy's breasts and started stroking them.
  Paulette began by kissing her neck, and then moving slowly down to
  bite  gently on her nipples.  Paulette's  touch sent shocks of
  electricity through  her breasts and into her groin.  Kathy  had
  never had a lover like Paulette.   She felt that they could explore
  areas of sexuality that had only entered  Kathy's imagination
  previously.
 
  As Paulette nuzzled her breasts, Kathy reached down and  caressed her
  lover's wet hair.  One of Kathy's hands slipped down to touch  her
  own crotch.
 
  Paulette noticed this and she began to masturbate herself as well.
  They kissed as they stroked themselves gently.  Kathy felt her warm
  wet  vulva between her fingers.  Her pubic hair was soft and warm to
  the  touch.  Once again she could smell her excitement wafting up
  from  between her legs.
 
  Clearly, Paulette was enjoying herself as well, as she softly
  touched herself and slid a finger up and down the crevice between her
  legs.  Paulette softly pushed Kathy back on the bed and continued to
  masturbate as Kathy watched.
 
  Her hands were very skilled.  She began by softly fondling her
  clitoris, which was quietly peeking from between the folds of her
  womanhood.  She then slid a finger down each side of her groin, and
  rubbed her labial lips against each other.  Pushing down gently, she
  exposed herself to Kathy.  Her wet vagina was now exposed, and Kathy
  could see her love hole.  Kathy began to stroke Paulette's breasts as
  Paulette continued her show.
 
  Paulette slowly pushed a finger into herself.  She twisted it gently
  and started to move it in and out.  Her finger was glistening as it
  emerged.   She looked deeply into Kathy's eyes as she pushed a second
  finger into  herself.  Paulette pulled her fingers out, and held them
  to Kathy's lips.   Kathy touched them with her tongue and slipped
  them into her mouth.   Paulette tasted very sweet.
 
  Paulette removed her fingers, and put them back between her  legs.
  Now she softly traced the area between her anus and her vagina.
  There was a tiny bit of fuzz surrounding this area.  Her asshole was
  almost completely hairless.  Kathy gazed at her lover's bum.  It was
  pink  and puckered.  It was hard to imagine that anything foul had
  ever passed  that fabulous orifice.  As if she knew what Kathy was
  thinking, Paulette  began to encircle her asshole with her finger.
  Still wet from her vagina,  she pushed the finger deeply into her
  bottom.  Kathy could see it  clenching against the finger.
 
  Paulette removed her finger and sat up on the bed.  She moved  next
  to Kathy and got on her hands and knees.  Kathy rolled over to
  Paulette and began to lick her from behind.  She started low, near
  Paulette's clit, and moved her tongue up.  She tasted Paulette's
  juices as  she moved up further.  She glanced down to see Paulette's
  asshole under  her nose.  She slid her tongue up to gently nudge her
  bum.  Far from  tasting nasty, her ass tasted a little like the rest
  of her--sweet.  She gently  pushed her tongue into Paulette.
  Paulette moaned as she felt Kathy's  warm breath upon her backside,
  and squealed as her tongue pushed into  her ass.  Kathy could feel
  Paulette's muscles squeeze against her tongue.   It was remarkably
  easy to shove her tongue in further, until her lips were  touching
  around her ass.  She moved her tongue a bit, and Paulette  wiggled
  against her face.
 
  Kathy removed her tongue and moved back down to Paulette's  vagina.
  She put a finger on both sides of her slit, and pulled the lips apart
  to reveal her glistening vulva.  She could see Paulette's urethra
  just at the  opening.  Suddenly, she wanted another taste of
  Paulette's  sweet juice.   "Come on, lover," she said, "give me more
  to drink."
 
  "I'm not sure I can, but I'll try" Paulette replied.  She bore down
  against Kathy.  Kathy could see Paulette's ass pucker and un-pucker
  as  she attempted to pass water into her mouth.
 
  At last, a short burst of piss shot out of Paulette's urethra.  It
  caught Kathy up her nose, and she giggled.  Kathy managed to catch
  the  last of it into her mouth.
 
  Instead of swallowing it, she had an idea.  Wiping the piss from  her
  nose, she pushed herself up further, and pursed her lips over
  Paulette's  ass.  She spit the urine softly into Paulette's waiting
  ass.  Paulette moaned,  and pulled her head back as she climaxed
  against Kathy's face.
 
  Kathy kept her mouth against Paulette's ass, as the hot fluid  poured
  out of Paulette and past Kathy's teeth.  She swallowed the  wonderful
  juice.  She smiled to herself and hoped that this had shocked  her
  lover.
