	  [ Nappy Girls ]



	  As a girl I have followed recent articles
	  in Forum on the subject of adult
	  babies and knicker-wetting with great
	  interest.  As you may have guessed, I,
	  too, use the protection of nappies and
	  plastic pants, having done so now for
	  some seven years (I am now 27).


	       At the age of twenty, I went to visit a
	  friend, Jenny, who was at college.  She
	  had a lovely two-bedroomed flat close
	  to the university and I was really
	  looking forward to my weekend away.  
	  Little did I know that the weekend's
	  discoveries would change my life.


	       During the first day of my stay,
	  Jenny and I played squash.  During the
	  game I could not help but notice that
	  when Jenny bent over to take a low
	  shot in front of me her short tennis skirt
	  rode up slightly to reveal her knickers.  
	  Her bottom seemed a little plumper
	  than I remembered from school days
	  and her frilly tennis knickers with their
	  pink nylon fabric seemed almost like
	  baby pants! I thought it best not to
	  comment and we finished the game,
	  waiting until we returned to the flat that
	  evening to change.


	       That evening we settled down to a
	  good old chat and inevitably ended up
	  drinking far too much.  I barely remembered
	  going to bed, but in the middle
	  of the night woke up in a half sleep
	  wanting a wee.  My next recollection
	  was the following morning when I
	  gradually woke to realise Jenny was
	  standing by my bed with a cup of tea.  
	  As I moved to murmur good morning to
	  Jenny I realised that the bed was
	  soaked beneath me.  My face reddened
	  as I confessed, 'I'm so sorry, but I think
	  I've ruined your bed, I must have had
	  an accident during the night.'


	       Pulling back the bedclothes, the
	  bed was extremely wet, but Jenny did
	  not seem too concerned, saying,
	  'You've not changed your old habits,
	  then,' referring to the accidents I used
	  to have as a teenager.  Jenny continued,
	  'I must admit that I wondered if
	  you still suffered with little accidents so
	  I took the precaution of putting a plastic
	  cover on the mattress.' As she said this,
	  she drew back the wet sheet to reveal a
	  large white towelling square and the
	  waterproof sheet beneath.


	       I had to confess to Jenny that my
	  intermittent incontinence had become
	  more common recently. in fact, it had
	  got to the stage where I was now
	  wetting my knickers during the day on
	  occasions.  We chatted for some time
	  and eventually I summoned up the
	  courage to tell Jenny the truth, saying,
	  'Actually, I think the problem is that I
	  enjoy my wetting.'


	       While we had been talking in the
	  bedroom, Jenny's dressing gown had
	  fallen open.  As I happened to look
	  down, I could clearly see the vee of her
	  crotch and you can imagine my
	  surprise when I saw the clear plastic of
	  her incontinence pants.  There were
	  drop-lets of moisture on the inside and
	  what looked like thick towelling knickers
	  within which were obviously wet with
	  her wee.  Noticing my rather obvious
	  stare Jenny said, 'Yes it's true.  I have a
	  similar problem, too.' There was rather
	  a lot of embarassment and I decided to
	  beat a hasty retreat to the bathroom to
	  get showered.


	       As I walked across the hall to the
	  bedroom to get dressed, Jenny 
	  emerged from her room, saying, 'Look, I
	  know you may be embarrassed but
	  there's no need.  I've left you some
	  things out on your bed that you might
	  like to try.' My heart leaped into my
	  mouth with excitement and apprehension
	   at the same time.  Neatly laid
	  out on the bed were a pair of thick terry
	  towelling knickers and a pair of transparent 
	  waterproof pants.  I could feel
	  my pussy moisten as I lay on the bed
	  and pulled on the towelling knickers.


	       Standing in front of the full-length
	  mirror, I slipped one foot and then the
	  other into the plastic panties, pulling
	  them up and smoothing them over my
	  curving buttocks and taking care to
	  ensure that the towelling was tucked in
	  around the legs.  It was at this stage
	  that I realised that I had been yearning
	  for the security and comfort offered by
	  returning to baby pants, where if I did
	  need a wee in public I would not get
	  into trouble.


	       During the day that followed, neither
	  of us referred to the events of the
	  morning, As for myself, I found that
	  whilst I was ashamed of my growing
	  need for the protection of plastic
	  knickers I was also excited at the
	  thought of someone finding out what
	  lay beneath my skirt.  I still felt too 
	  embarassed to question Jenny about her
	  knicker-wetting problem.


	       That night, I went to the loo for a
	  wee.  Pulling down my plastic panties, I
	  realised that my pants were soaked in
	  urine.  It was time to go to bed and
	  Jenny cheerfully commented, 'I don't
	  think it would be wise to risk you
	  wetting the bed again tonight.  Would
	  you mind awfully if we took some
	  precautions?'


	       As I followed her to my bedroom she
	  said, 'I've made the bed up with the
	  waterproof mattress cover again, but
	  you will be more comfortable if you
	  wear these.' Jenny went to a drawer
	  and pulled out a large terry towelling
	  nappy, two large safety pins and
	  another pair of the transparent plastic
	  pants.  Spellbound by what was 
	  happening, I obeyed Jenny's instructions.  
	  She watched as I self-consciously lifted
	  the hem of my dress, revealing my
	  transparent plastic knickers.  As Jenny
	  looked at my crotch she could clearly
	  see the darker area of the white
	  towelling knickers soaked with my piss.  
	  'My word, you have been a naughty
	  girl,' remarked Jenny.  'Let me help you
	  finish undressing.'


	       I lay on the bed and Jenny skillfully
	  unclipped my lacy half-cup bra.  My
	  nipples betrayed the excitement that
	  was beginning to make my pussy ache
	  with desire as Jenny slid my saturated
	  incontinence panties down my legs.  I
	  am sure that she gasped a little as she
	  saw my almost hairless cunt for the first
	  time, the outer lips engorged and open
	  with desire.  She folded the nappy into a
	  triangle and asked me to raise my
	  bottom, slipping it under me and neatly
	  pinning it in place at the front.  My mind
	  was racing, but I decided to let her
	  continue.


	       Jenny smiled at me in an almost
	  maternal fashion as she unfolded the
	  plastic panties, obviously enjoying the
	  process of my regression to baby-
	  hood.  With me now dressed, Jenny
	  concluded, 'Your waterproof pants and
	  nappy should keep you comfortable
	  until morning.  Why don't you come
	  through to my room in a few minutes
	  and we'll have a nightcap?'


	       A few minutes later, I wandered self-
	  consciously into Jenny's room with a
	  bottle of cider and two glasses, feeling
	  aware of the bulge of my nappy under
	  the teeshirt I wore at night.  Jenny was
	  sitting up in bed, finishing the remains
	  of the lager we had had earlier.  She
	  smiled, saying, 'Come on.  Don't be
	  embarassed.  Come and sit here with me.'


	       After a few more drinks we both
	  began to relax, but I could not help
	  fidgeting when I realised I desperately
	  needed to pee but did not know how to
	  refasten the nappy Jenny had dressed
	  me in earlier.  I had to confess to her,
	  'Jenny, I'm so desperate for a wee, I
	  think it may be too late!'


	       She replied with a growing passion
	  in her voice, 'It's okay.  Just relax and
	  wee in your nappy.  That's why you're
	  wearing it.'


	       I had no choice and, with my cheeks
	  blushing, I started to pee into my
	  nappy, whilst sitting on Jenny's duvet
	  on her bed.  The stream of urine gushed
	  for almost half a minute, flooding
	  around my sopping pussy and around
	  my buttocks.  Jenny was staring at my
	  exposed PVC panty crotch, watching
	  as my wee flooded into my incontinence
	  knickers; my nappy being unable to cope
	  with the volume.


	       As I moved, small spurts of pee
	  escaped from the elasticated leg
	  bands of my plastic knickers, soaking
	  the duvet.  To my astonishment, Jenny
	  smiled at me, 'You're all right.  I have a
	  PVC cover on it, and my mattress, too.'
	  Saying this, she pushed back the
	  duvet.  She looked absolutely fantastic
	  wearing a transparent sheer white
	  baby-doll nightie pushed upwards by
	  her firm, full tits.  It scarcely concealed
	  Jenny's secret of her underwear - a
	  terry towelling nappy and plastic panties
	  identical to the ones she had
	  dressed me in.  Sitting next to her, I
	  watched as Jenny dimmed the light
	  and lay back on the bed saying, 'I
	  thought you might be a little surprised
	  when you found out my secret passion
	  for babywear.'


	       We kissed deeply, our tongues
	  darting in and out and on to each
	  other's swollen nipples.  My hands
	  roamed over Jenny's curving plastic-
	  covered bottom.  Sitting up facing each
	  other, she extended her finger and
	  hooked it around the leg elastic of my
	  baby pants.  The remaining build-up of
	  pee in my panty crotch flooded out on
	  to the mattress and soaked into the
	  towel which covered the waterproof
	  sheet beneath.  I almost came on the
	  spot with the excitement of not caring if
	  you wet on the bed or duvet coupled
	  with the effect Jenny's finger was
	  having as it worked in and out of my
	  hole and flicked my clitty.


	       Jenny's sheer nightie was beginning
	  to stick to her as the bed became
	  wetter, and this seemed to excite her
	  even more.  Jenny then knelt up on the
	  bed in front of me, and as she sucked
	  on my hardened nipples I could hear a
	  gushing sound.  She straightened up,
	  slowly raising the front of her baby-doll,
	  saying, 'What a filthy girl I am.  I'm
	  pissing in my knickers.' Her waterproof
	  pants were distended between her legs
	  where her pee continued to flood
	  through her nappy. having soaked the
	  thick terry towelling to capacity, and
	  now collecting in the transparent crotch
	  of her baby pants.  I could not resist
	  running my hand over the sheer smooth
	  PVC which felt hot from Jenny's urine as
	  it sloshed about.  Like a cat that had just
	  got the cream, she grinned wickedly,
	  and lowered her bottom on to the bed.


	       As I watched, her piss-filled plastic
	  bulged as the liquid was put under
	  pressure, but Jenny just lay back on to
	  the pillows.  Her pee flooded on to the
	  sheet and duvet out of the waistband of
	  her incontinence panties.  Jenny turned
	  to reach into the bedside drawer, her
	  gossamer nightie now soaked in pee;
	  producing a   beautifully-sculpted
	  double-ended dildo, she started to pull
	  down the front of my baby pants.  
	  I knew I needed fucking, my hand
	  sliding inside my saturated nappy and
	  rubbing at my hungry cunt.


	       Jenny got me to kneel up again in
	  front of her, now with the duvet beneath
	  my knees for comfort.  She unpinned
	  both sides of my nappy and let it drop,
	  slowly resting the plastic cock against
	  my opening pussy lips and then pushing
	  it home.  It was at this stage that I
	  had my first orgasm of the evening.


	       As Jenny continued to fuck me I
	  said to her, 'I'm sorry, Jenny, I need to
	  pee again.'


	       She replied, 'Just do it!'


	       Kneeling astride me, she slid the
	  dildo in and out of rny cunt and I
	  relaxed my bladder.  My pee spurted
	  out in a stream, bouncing noisily off the
	  front of her waterproof panties.  She
	  pulled down the front of her knickers so
	  that the hot jet of my urine added to the
	  saturation of her own nappy.  Whilst my
	  bulging bladder was still discharging,
	  she slid between my open legs.  With
	  her mouth open she licked at my
	  quivering cunt, bringing me to another
	  climax.  Her face, hair and baby-doll
	  nightie were saturated with my pee and
	  love juice.


	       It was clear that neither of us could
	  contain ourselves any longer.  Jenny
	  drew forward beneath me and pulled
	  her plastic pants and nappy to one
	  side.  With an almighty gasp, she
	  pushed the end of the dildo up her cunt
	  and pulled me down on to the other
	  end.


	       That night, we lost count of our
	  orgasms, but I shall certainly never
	  forget my first experience of wearing
	  nappies as an adult.  There are many
	  more tales to recount.  My husband
	  says you probably won't publish this
	  letter but, if you do, we would be 
	  interested to hear about any experiences 
	  of big baby girls like me.
