
From: wbrown@shrike.depaul.edu (Wesley A Brown)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.fetish.watersports
Subject: STORY: "Burst" (BBW/BBW, light bondage, golden enema)
Date: 6 Aug 1996 15:51:03 -0500
Keywords: BBW/BBW, light bondage, golden enema

A much-needed spam break...   All standard disclaimers apply...


                        Burst
                        By Wes


 After eight and a half hours of dealing with her company's intranet
 crashes and her own caffine overload, Amanda was grateful to let
 herself collapse on her bed face first.  She was a good-looking blonde
 about 5'6", in her late 40s, and just shy of 200 pounds.

 She had raised her right foot above her and began to slowly caress the
 back of it  with the big toe of her left foot when she saw her lover
 in the doorway.

 Suzanne was in her early 40s, a brunette with long brown hair down to
 her tight, full ass.  She was the same height as Amanda and was close
 to her lover's weight.  She was wearing a beige slip and panties, and
 thigh-high black nylons.

 "Ugly day, huh?" Suzanne asked, smiling.

 Amanda looked at her wearily and stuck her tongue out.

 As Suzanne grinned, Amanda noticed that Suzanne's hands were behind
 her back.  She heard the jingling of metal and observed that Suzanne
 was twitching a great deal, which made her 37DD breasts wiggle a lot.

 Amanda raised an eyebrow.  "Umm, Suzy??  What are you doing?"

 Suzanne blushed and then grinned it off.  She moved up to the bed
 behind Amanda's stretched out form.  Amanda started to sit up when
 Suzanne gestured for her not to move.

 "You don't have to get up, Amanda," Suzanne said, smiling.  "You
 don't have to look back either."

 Amanda was getting concerned.  "Suzy?  What's going on??"

 "Shush," Suzanne motioned.  She then pulled out a pair of dull grey
 colored metal hancuffs.  She pulled Amanda's arms behind her back and
 quickly slapped the cold metal onto Amanda's pudgy wrists.

 "The hell?!" Amanda yelled as she tried to squirm her wrists out of
 the cuffs.

 Suzanne laughed.  "This way you won't be able to play with yourself
 while I do this."

 "Do what?!" Amanda asked impatiently.

 "_This_," Suzanne smirked.  She lifted the skirt of Amanda's black dress
 above the waist, revealing tight blue panties emmeshed in her round
 plump ass cheeks.

 Suzanne slid a hand up Amanda's thigh, sending minute electric pulses
 up her spine and down to her clit.  Suzanne rubbed gently on Amanda's
 clothed pussy.  Amanda started moaning and dripping cunt juice.

 Grinning evilly, Suzanne rubbed a little faster on Amanda's pussy.  Her
 breath quickened.  A dark spot appeared on Suzanne's panties, spreading
 very quickly.

 Suzanne pulled Amanda's panties down to mid-thigh.  She greased her finger
 with vaseline.  Gliding the finger up and down Amanda's ass crack made
 Amanda pulsate like crazy!  Her toes curled and her knees dug deep
 into the mattress.  Amanda's pussy started to glisten with wetness.

 Suzanne greased her finger some more and and plunged it into Amanda's
 asshole.  Amanda yelped and twitched as Suzanne rubbed deep and deeper
 into her hole.  She moaned louder and kicked.

 Suzanne felt her belly swell up with over two hours' worth of water
 drinking.  Any second now, she was about to burst.

 She pulled out her second instrument.  A soft plastic funnel.  She
 plunged it quickly into Amanda's ass.  Amanda clawed at the sheets as
 she ground her clit against the mattress.

 Suzanne scurried on top of the funnel.  Straddling Amanda, she raised
 her slip, squatted two inches above the funnel's rim, spread her
 legs out a little...

 And started hissing hot piss into the funnel through her beige panties,
 which quickly became drenched.  Some of the excess pee was running
 down her full thighs, onto the bed and flowing in small rivulets
 over the sheets.  Amanda could feel her dress cling to her from the
 warm wetness.

 Amanda twitched and throbbed, coming closer and closer to orgasm,
 her face pressed deep into the pillow.  Her cum started to soak
 through her panties and mix with Suzanne's piss on the sheets.

 Two minutes later Suzanne got off her makeshift toilet, removed
 the funnel, wedged Amanda's wet panties all the way into her ass
 crack and pussy lips, and pulled her dress down again.  She sat
 behind Amanda and started playing with her clothed clit frantically.

 Amanda continued to twitch.  Her belly, filled to the rim with
 Suzanne's warm pee, was about expunge it all.

 She was on the brink of a very violent orgasm.

 Suzanne felt a small drop of piss flow down from between her full
 thighs and onto the bed.  Then she realized what she had done.
 "Oh, Amanda!  Do you realize I'd forgotten to take off my panties?!"

 Suzanne pulled off her panties and gently cupped Amanda's face so
 that her mouth was ready.  Then Suzanne pulled Amanda's chin
 to open her mouth.  All Amanda could feel was the growing pressure
 in her buttocks, as her sense of fullness increased and her pussy
 became even wetter.

 She wasn't prepared for it when Suzanne wrung her soaking panties
 out in her mouth, covering her face with still-warm piss.  Then
 Suzanne kissed her slowly and tenderly, sensuously sucking her own
 pee back into her own mouth as she stroked Suzanne's wet ears.

 This was two much for Amanda.  As she could feel Suzanne's eager
 tongue, cleaning the pissy wetness off her face, Amanda's ass suddenly
 burst and sprayed the pee back out all over both of them and the
 soaking bedsheets. Her dress became even stickier with thickening
 pools of piss and cum.

 Suzanne, already in her third orgasm, stuck out her melons into the
 fountain, soaking her bra to a clingy wetness.  She flicked and
 fingered her clit, coming again and again.

 As the last of the rejected pee flooded the bed and dripped onto the
 floor, a weakened Amanda rubbed her face into the piss pool and licked
 the mixture of cum and pee from the sheets.  Suzanne, also weakened,
 crawled over and undid the handcuffs.

 Suzanne then gave Amanda a very sloppy kiss whlie wrapping her legs
 around Amanda's soppy, ruined dress and runned hose.  She and Amanda
 tongued each other's throats out.

 "Gotta make dinner," Suzanne said with a wink and sloshed herself
 out of bed.  As she went away, Amanda smiled happily while fingering
 herself through her wet, pee-stained, piss-smelling clothing.

                                             <-=fin=->
 --
 Wesley Brown
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ************** LUPUS 95: http://shrike.depaul.edu:80/~wbrown  ***********
