
Subject: CO-ED SHOWERS  -  lesdom1.txt [1/1]
From: ecl@cris.com (EdWEIRDO)
Date: 25 Jul 1995 00:41:11 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Secret co-ed showers
I'm an exchange student in a college overseas. starting off in the spring
term I was assigned a new roommate.  She was a german girl, very attractive
in  the classic Aryan way and very fond of wearing leather jackets,stiletto
heels and semi-punk clothes.  After we had lived together for a  few  weeks
and  gotten to know each other a little, she came in one day and noticed me
reading the newest Variations.  I put it down and Ilka  picked  it  up  and
started  leafing  through  it.   Like  so  many  Europeans, her English is
excellent, and she had no trouble at all figuring out what the magazine was
all about.

     We discussed some of the articles, and I confessed to her that certain
subjects excited me and made me very wet.  She kept asking me about S&M and
golden  showers,  and  after  a  little  while  I was getting very hot. She
suggested we go out and have a few beers, and since it was Saturday  night,
I agreed.

     Germany  is famous for its strong beers, and that night the doppelbock
really went to work.  The second bar we went to was sort of a bi-gay  place
where  any  one  could  feel comfortable.  I was drunk enough that I didn't
care.  Shortly after we got there, she started fondling me under the table,
sliding her fingers around my panties trying to get at my clit.  Although I
had never had sex with a woman before, I was getting very aroused, and when
she suggested we go back home, I enthusiastically concurred.

     When we got there, I had to go to the bathroom,  and  was  momentarily
surprised  when Ilka followed me.  She combed her short blonde hair while I
finished peeing, and when i got up, she told me to kneel in the bathtub.  I
looked at her questioningly.  She slapped me across the face and  then  led
me  over  to  the tub by my nipples.  I climbed in, and a few seconds later
she was standing over me.  She pushed me back so my  face  and  chest  were
right under her closely cropped pussy.  Then she took a deep breath and let
go with all her urine.

     It  soaked through my blouse and ran down my chest, and at that moment
I was in heaven; warm, wet and utterly embarrassed. When she  finished,  my
cunt was burning with a need to be touched, but instead she pulled me to my
feet  and  tied  my hands to the shower curtain rod.  She took off my skirt
and panties but left my pissed soaked blouse clinging to my  hard  nipples.
She  shoved her panties, which she had also managed to soak, into my mouth,
allowing me to taste her very essence.  Then she pulled  her  leather  belt
from her pants which she had deposited on the floor.

     I  realized  what she was going to do, but my ass involuntarily jerked
back to me the leather.  I cried out as the belt bit into my skin.  But her
soaking panties muffled the noise.  The belt came down on my ass again  and
again.   The  more  I  struggled,  the  harder she struck me,.  I just kept
getting wetter and wetter as she turned my ass and thighs into a crisscross
pattern of angry red welts.  After what seemed like an eternity,  she  spun
me  around.  Ilka managed to make the fronts of my thighs match my ass with
her skillful use of the belt.

     I was in a delirious haze of pain  and  excitement  when  she  finally
freed my hands and led me to the bedroom we shared.  She lay on the bed and
told  me she had to urinate again.  I didn't understand until she straddled
my face and told me not to spill a drop or I'd be whipped  again.   When  I
realized what she demanded, I didn't hesitate.  I pulled her down to me and
sealed my mouth around her opening as she relaxed and let go.

     I  was  worried  that I might not be able to keep up, but I managed to
swallow fast enough to get every wonderful drop.  When she finished, I kept
my mouth glued between her legs, lapping up the juice  that  flowed  freely
from her pussy.  When she had finally had enough of my tongue, she slid off
me  and brought her mouth to my cunt.  Finally I was getting what I needed.
I came again and again.  Every  time  she  touched  me  my  body  exploded.
eventually  we both passed out from orgasms and alcohol and woke up in each
other's arms.

     Since then we have been studious schoolgirls by day and torrid  lovers
by  night.   At least once a week I get whipped, and hardly a night goes by
that we don't crawl in the tub with a few beers and play.  Unfortunately as
I write this the school year is coming to an end, but now Ilka is  thinking
of  coming  to  the  States  for a year to study.  If she does we'll send a
progress report.


variations 11-86





