 
                                Karen & Julie 
                                =============

                                  by Trish


     She was outside washing her car as I pulled into the driveway.  Julie 
looked great no matter what she wore, and today her strong thighs were encased 
in shiny light blue spandex, a loose T-shirt covering her full breasts.  As I 
turned the car off, she leaned in the open window. “Hi babe” she smiled, and 
kissed me - as she did, I saw her nostrils flare at the faint scent of pee and 
pussy that surrounded me. “Ohhhhhh” Julie said, “what have you been up to my 
little piss slut?” I slid out of the seat grinning and she followed me just 
inside the garage door, dragging the hose, dripping water, right along with her.  
She pushed me up against the workbench and leaned close. “Tell me babe, were you 
naughty today?” she murmured in my ear. Her hands rubbed the front of my thighs 
as she pushed her hips against mine.  Her hands wandered up my thighs, finding 
no panties and my pussy wet and open. Her thigh slid between mine and she pushed 
my skirt up and pressed against my mons as she continued to explore and talk to 
me “Tell me baby, what did you do that got you so hot, were you playing our piss 
games?” I rubbed my slit against her spandex-clad thigh as I smiled and melted 
into her mouth. “Tell me sweet thing, hurry now before I fuck you right here” 
Julie said.  With her thigh against me, her mouth so close to mine, I sighed “Oh 
Julie, I was so bad today, so naughty. I wanted to play, so when I got up this 
morning I decided to see how far I could tease myself.”  Her mouth continued to 
wander over my face and neck and she moved her hand to my slit, finding my clit 
hard and poking out of my lips. She slid one finger lazily up my slit, just 
lingering a second on my clit, and urged to me continue. I had one hand on my 
taut nipple and the other on her ass to push her thigh tighter into me as I told 
her my story:
     “I woke up just after you went to work honey, and I had just finished such 
a sexy dream.  I made a pot of coffee and did some work at the computer, but 
couldn't concentrate because I was so hot.  I went in our room and sat on the 
side of the bed and jerked off but it wasn't enough.  I decided to tease myself 
for a while. I felt my bladder filling from all the coffee, so I quickly 
showered and dressed I put on some white cotton panties, and my denim jumper 
over a white tee shirt, and slid my feet into sandals as I grabbed my car keys 
and headed for the park.  I was so full already, I didn’t know how long I could 
hold out, but I was also very aroused and enjoying that pressure.  The ride to 
the park was longer than usual, and when I saw the construction zone, I knew I 
was in trouble.”  Julie pressed harder into me as I reached under her thigh and 
found her slit all tight and bulging and covered in spandex, and slid my fingers 
around that curve just a bit. 
      “ The traffic was backed up for about a half mile, and I could see the 
entrance to the park just off the highway, just out of reach.  I put my hand 
between my legs to keep from spurting into my panties before I could get to the 
park, and found myself squirming against my hand as the pressure of my bladder 
made me more desperate.  I pressed against my clit to distract myself, and it 
got so hard so fast, I couldn't help but pull and rub it a bit, even pinching it 
when the spasms got intense.  By the time I reached the park entrance and moved 
my foot to push in the clutch, I was ready to explode, and at that minute I felt 
a spurt across my clit and into my panties.  The hot pee almost made me come 
right there and I was dripping pussy juice and pee as I turned into a parking 
spot.  Getting out of the car was a mistake, as I stood up I knew I could not 
walk without pissing my panties even more, so I spread my legs and squatted just 
for a second, hoping no one would see. Even as I squatted, a big hot gush came 
straight out of my pee hole, and I felt it make big bulge in my panties for a 
second before I saw it spatter forward onto the ground. I squeezed as hard as I 
could, so hard I almost got dizzy, and managed to stop.  As I walked towards the 
deserted play area, I knew that I had to hurry or I would just gush right there 
and waste it all.”  
        Julie’s fingers were now in my pussy and I was sinking onto her hand as 
I talked.  Her hips pushed forward into me as her first and middle finger found 
my gspot - her secret weapon - all she has to do is rub that spot for a few 
minutes and she knows I will squirt into her hand and all over my legs. Her 
thumb was pressed on my clit, making it bulge under the pressure of her 
insistent hand.  I moved my hand from her slit and slid into the front of her 
spandex leggings, finding no panties and her wet pussy, with the lips all 
swollen and parted already. I slid my first finger against her clit and my 
middle one against her pee hole and just fluttered them a little, making her 
moan.  Her voice got huskier and huskier as she whispered “Go on baby, finish 
your story for me, hurry”. I responded with a moan of my own and continued:
     “I walked to the play area and sat on one end of the teeter-totter, so that 
my pussy was pressed against the warm board and my knees were up high.  I rolled 
my hips forward to increase the pressure on my clit and held myself right there 
for a few minutes. The clit pressure was almost as intense as the pressure of my 
bladder, and I let a little more go. I was so full, just aching to let it all 
out, but I let just enough until I heard the hiss and then stopped again. 
Getting up, I saw the wet imprint of my pussy on the seat, and the stream of pee 
that had run down into the sand, making little balls of wet sand.  I walked over 
to where there were some trees, and pulled my soaked panties off and wiped 
myself with them, tossing them into the bushes.”  
     Julie was moving against my hand now, and I felt her squirt a little pee as 
my finger continued to work her pee hole, moaning as she did it. Her pee hole is 
very sensitive and she loves to have it played with. I like to hold her open 
with one hand and tease it with my fingernail till she lets a long hot squirt 
go. She has great muscles and an intense stream. Sometimes I have her stand in 
front of me and do that herself - hold her pussy open and let squirts go - very 
slowly of course, until she loses control and pisses all over the floor. “Hurry 
baby”, she urged, as I slid onto her cunt, “hurry”. Another spurt hit my fingers 
and I rubbed the hot pee around her clit. She squeezed my fingers very hard to 
hold back her pee. I loved to see her piss in those spandex leggings, see the 
light blue material turn dark and cling even more to her pussy lips. I was close 
to coming myself now, and her finger on my swollen g-spot was pressing hard and 
I knew that the gush of come would not wait much longer.  We both slid to a 
squat, hand still inside the others cunts. Her spandex was soaked at the crotch, 
and my pussy was so open and so hot I could feel my juices dripping onto the 
cement floor. I reached deeper into Julie, going for her g-spot  (I have that 
secret weapon of my own) and she gasped as I hit it with my first finger. 
“What’s wrong babe, feel good?” I said.  She could only nod as I continued to 
massage that hard little olive.  My bladder was very full again as she held her 
fingers still in my pussy, concentrating now on her own pressure and trying to 
hold back.  I moved back a little so that her hand slid out of me, and gently 
pushed her to her knees.  “Kneel for me lover” I whispered, “I want to be deep 
in you”. I pulled my jumper off over my head as Julie pulled her spandex off and 
pushed it under her knees to pad the floor a bit.  Her sweet full ass was turned 
to me, as I knelt behind her, one leg between her spread knees, so that I could 
rub my clit on her ass cheek.  I reached down and spread my lips for maximum 
friction against her, and with my other hand, pulled her pussy hair and lips for 
a few seconds, making her lips open even more.  Her hips were rolling as I slid 
two fingers, then three, inside her tight cunt and she was whimpering. She was 
dripping down my wrist.  Her hand slid between her legs and touched my hand for 
a moment, pressing it into her pussy before she started rubbing her clit and her 
pee hole in big round circles as I fucked her.  Julie was groaning and moving as 
I went even deeper into her cunt, her cunt making sucking noises as I moved my 
fingers in and out.  Her bladder was as full as mine, I could feel it, round and 
a bit knobby, when I pressed downward. Each time I did that, Julie groaned 
deeper in her throat and her pussy would clench with the effort of holding her 
piss back.  Her hand was frantic now on her clit and pee hole, but she was 
holding off, just like I love her to.  I was grinding my clit against her ass 
and thigh, and felt my bladder about to burst.  The flashes of heat inside my 
belly were incredible, and my bladder was spasming with the effort. I couldn’t 
hold back my piss any more. I groaned as I felt a little spurt, and then another 
one, and I ground my clit against Julie as hard as I could.  I started to piss 
so hard that it sprayed around her leg, and as I started to come, I could see 
the spray hit the concrete floor, glowing in the afternoon sunlight coming in 
the garage window. I arched my back hard, so that only my lips and clit were 
touching her. Julie gasped as she felt me soak her legs and ass and she bucked 
hard against my hand, begging me for her release. I slid one finger out and 
pushed her hand aside to rub her pee hole. She was moaning and talking all the 
while” oh babe, right there, it burns right there, oh I can’t, please, I gotta 
pee, oh, oh Karen, ahhhh” and I felt her start to come as she started to piss in 
my hand. As she lost control, I roared, coming and spraying piss all over both 
of us. Julie screamed “ ohhhhh yessssssyessss now, please baby fuck me harder 
please  -NOW ohhhhhh” as her piss flew in all directions and her g-spot let go 
with a gush of girl come. My hand was moving so fast inside her it was a blur, 
and all I could see was her golden pee spraying on my hand, the floor and all 
over her spandex leggings.  As her climax faded, I slowly slid my hand out of 
her and sank back, drained, onto my knees.  She remained kneeling in front of 
me, her cunt gaping and dripping piss and girl come, panting and moaning softly, 
the hem of her T-shirt soaked where she had pissed all over it.  I reached out 
to stroke her the back of her legs, softly. “Good baby?” I asked. All she could 
do is nod her head again. I stood and came around to the front of her.  I knelt 
in front of her, inches from her face. She looked up at me, her face wet with 
sweat, and a puddle on the floor between her legs.  “I have more for you” I 
said, as I reached down, spread my lips with one hand and rubbed my clit hard 
and fast with the other. I was ready to explode literally in seconds, as Julie 
reached out and slid her fingers inside me. That was all it took as I came 
again, shaking and moaning and screaming and gushing all over her hand.  We 
collapsed on the ground, into a puddle of pee and come, holding each other, 
smiling and kissing and nuzzling.  I felt Julie’s thigh cover mine as she 
snuggled her crotch into me, and a wave of heat exploded in my belly as she 
sighed and let her bladder empty against me for the last time.  A few minutes 
passed, and the cold wet cement got very uncomfortable, and we struggled to our 
feet.  Julie looked at me, smiled that smile that melts my heart as well as my 
pussy and said: “So babe, want to finish that story for me?”

