
               REPOST FARMGIRL NC/INC/BEAST/RAPE - FG01.TXT [1/8]

    WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!

   SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/S&M/INCEST/BEASTIALITY/LESBIANISM

                  ********************************************
                      Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
                  ********************************************
          If there's any nasty thing a girl can do it's in this story.
          Our heroine is a young farm girl mad for sex. She gets it,
          and is punished for it by a variety of people including mom
          and dad. This may be the only story ever to appear on a.s.s.
          in which a girl is gang raped by a pack of dogs... and loves
          it.
                    ****************************************

                                    Part One
                                By Dark Dreamer

     Riding had always seemed to me to be a very erotic experience. The
repeated thumping of the hard saddle against my crotch stimulated my clit and
my imagination. With my legs spread wide apart across the thick body of Max, my
stallion, I could close my eyes and imagine the hips of a gorgeous blonde
adonis crashing into me. I had a small, but really well developed body, which
made grown men look twice and get that look on their face, the one that meant
`Boy I'd like to Fuck her!'

     I was only about five feet tall and kind of skinny, I thought, but my
titties were a good size, and perfectly rounded. They were only a little too
big for my small frame. They were the size that made men look real carefully at
me, but not so large that they made me look really chesty. Right in the center
of each round tit, was a tiny pink nipple, which got hard very very easily.

     My ass was really good too. I had the kind of perfectly rounded and firm
ass that only young girls had, and the men would all turn and watch when I
walked down the sidewalk in town.

     My face was not the kind you would find in the fashion magazines. It was
cutesy pie sweet. The kind of face that made people maternal or paternal around
me, thinking what a sweet innocent little thing I must be. When I wore my
strawberry blonde hair in loose pigtails, people of all ages would smile
sweetly at me when I looked at them. None of them would guess or even believe
the kind of things that went on behind my wide blue eyes.

     I was still technically a virgin then, but only because I was afraid that
if I fucked anyone, the whole town would find out within hours. I satisfied my
erotic desires by masturbation and daydreaming. I used a variety of tools to
help me, including two big rubber dildos I had gotten from a mail order
company.

     The first time I tried to put one inside my tight little pussy hole, I
almost fainted from the pain/pleasure. I had long since busted my cherry with
my fingers and hair brushes and the like, but the dildo was thicker and longer
than anything I had ever used before.

     The day the first one arrived, my dad was out mending a fence half a mile
away, and my mom was visiting friends in town. I took the package and rushed up
to my room. Once inside I locked the door and ripped open the brown package to
stare in awe at the huge rubber cock I held in my hands.

     I tore off my clothes to stand naked with the dildo. My pussy was already
starting to spurt juices as I slid the rubber all across my body, paying
particular attention to my titties which were extremely sensitive.

     It had a suction cup on the end which I stuck to the seat of a wooden
chair. I straddled the chair backwards and lowered myself onto the dildo. My
legs strained with the effort of holding my squatting body up. An electric
shock seemed to shoot through me when my soft, moist cuntlips made contact with
the rubbery head of the fake cock.

     Slowly I shifted my groin backwards and forwards, bending my knees a
little more each time. Slowly I worked the head of the dildo into my pussy
hole, grunting with the effort, and suppressing the slight pain I felt as my
pussy lips were pushed hard apart.

     The first inch was the hardest. My virgin pussy lips spread and spread to
accommodate its thickness. I crouched there for several minutes, my legs spread
around the chair and my arms holding the back, as my pussy got used to the size
of the rubber prick.

     Again I lowered myself. The feeling of the big rubber cock inching its way
up into my hole was mind blowing! I could feel the inside walls of my cuntslit
being pushed aside as the cock forced a channel for itself inside me. When it
was half way up me, I pulled back up, my knees straining. The soft rubber
sucking my pussy outwards as it came out of me.

     When only the first inch was inside, I slid back down, loving the erotic
stimulation of the soft rubber sliding against my pussy walls. up and down I
went, the dildo working its way deeper inside me with each passing minute. My
knees and leg muscles were killing me, but I ignored them.

     Faster and faster I pumped, trying to make the plunges as long and deep as
possible. On one of the downward plunges my foot slid on the carpet and my
crotch slapped down all the way to the chair seat. A startled yelp issued from
my mouth as I fell and was impaled on the rigid rubber prong. I just sat there,
my cunt lips and asshole squashed against the chair seat, the cock buried in my
belly and my entire cunt pit burning with astonishment.

     I realized I had the whole thing up inside me then. I felt stuffed and
bloated by the monster fuck piece. Slowly I began to rub my crotch back and
froth on the chair, delighting in the stimulation of my clit and the way the
cock was jolted around inside me.

     I rubbed my swollen breasts against the back of the chair, crushing my
rock hard nipples against the hard wooden slats. One hand slid down over my
belly and pushed my clit against the dildo as I wiggled my ass back and forth.

     My other hand moved behind me and slid over my smooth ass cheeks,
delighting and exciting me by how taut and stretched out they were.

     I rose up, my pulpy wet cunt mound coming free from the chair, the hot
rubber cock sliding out of my cunny. As the last inch of rubber cock came free,
I felt my cunt tingle with a kind of hungry longing.

     I squatted poised inches above the dildo for a few seconds. Then I lowered
myself, groaning as I felt the moistened dildo head make contact with the soft
sensitive entrance to my fuck hole. I lowered still, so the pressure mounted
against my cunt.

     Again the dildo pushed past my cunt entrance and slid up into me. I
delighted in the feeling of being penetrated. I lowered myself, sliding back
down the rigid pole of rubber, letting my cunt envelope the fuck tool until
it's end mashed against the back wall of my cunt once again.

     It hurt there. My cunt wasn't really deep enough for something that size.
But it had forced it's way in a couple of minutes ago, and I was determined to
swallow the whole thing again. I just let my legs go further and further apart,
letting my body down despite the pain.

     I winced as the cockhead pushed up into me, jamming against something up
in my belly and then pushing it aside to enter me fully.

     I rose again, feeling the rubber rasping across my clitty as it slid out
of me. Once again I let it exit my fuck channel and then dropped down to let it
penetrate me again, let it fuck up into the deepest part of my cunt hole.

     I started to speed up, ignoring the screaming protests from my legs as
lust and sexual excitement overwhelmed me. My belly was burning and twitching
and fluttering as I started riding the dildo. I was jerking my groin up and
down and up and down with a terrible, relentless speed that skewered my cunt on
the long thick cock.

     My room  seemed to spin around me as I erupted in a tremendous series of
orgasms. My head lolled back and I shuddered through them one by one. As if
through a mist I felt drool coming out of the corner of my mouth and I heard
the soft grunts and sighs I was making. My eyes seemed blinded as my body shook
and twitched, still pumping mindlessly up and down until my legs simply
wouldn't raise me anymore.

     Finally I just collapsed forward against the chair back, my chest heaving
as I tried to regain my breath.

     Using the dildo like that certainly helped make my leg muscles strong, but
it left me longing for the more realistic feeling I was certain I could get if
the dildo would somehow move in and out of me without my assistance.

     One day as I was out riding in the empty outer fields, the stimulation of
the bouncing around on horseback started giving me erotic ideas. Daringly I
took off my shirt top and bra. Riding around topless, my boobs were jiggled up
and down by the slow trotting and my nipples rapidly hardened.

     I knew suddenly that I had to go all the way. I stopped and slid off Max.
I quickly pulled off my sneakers and pants and stuffed them into a saddlebag
with my shirt. I jumped back onto Max's back, my wet pussy slapping down on the
leather saddle.

     I urged Max into a faster trot, and I began to bounce up and down on the
saddle. I was not very big and straddling Max's back left my crotch incredibly
wide open. My soft crotch and rounded ass cheeks made smacking noises as they
slapped the tough leather with each downstride Max made.

     I leaned forward as we trotted across the meadow, my hard little clit
rubbing against the saddle, my ass cheeks wide and open so I could feel air
blowing into my slightly spread asshole each time Max threw me into the air.
Within minutes I shuddered through a massive orgasm as my crotch slapped and
pounded against the saddle.

     I did this several times before I got the bright idea of using the dildos
to help my pleasure. I liked the feeling of being completely full and had used
the dildos anally several times before. The idea I had was to stick them on the
saddle and I would be bounced up and down on them by Max's bouncing gait. The
problem was they wouldn't stick to the saddle.

     I solved this by using crazy glue. Once out in the fields I dismounted and
stripped naked, putting the shorts and halter I had worn into the saddlebags.,
I glued the dildos onto the middle of the saddle and then wandered around the
fields for a few minutes while the glue set.

     I rolled around in the tall grass, loving the feel of the stalks brushing
against my tits and ass and cunt. I was so excited that I knelt there in the
blowing grasses, watching the clouds blow by overhead, and rubbed my little
cunny to orgasm.

     Mounting Max was an awkward exercise with the two dildos occupying the
saddle. I squatted in the saddle, lowering myself gingerly onto the upright
phalluses. I knelt on top of Max, my legs drawn up under my ass cheeks, my
crotch open wide, and the dildos already half way up me, shoving four inches
deep into my pussy and asshole.

     When at last I could feel the leather of the saddle against my crotch, I
groaned aloud with pain and relief. The two of them together stretched me apart
like I wouldn't have believed possible. I thought my belly must bulge outward
with the fullness and was surprised that I couldn't feel either of them when I
caressed my abdomen with my hand.

     I could feel them rubbing together deep inside my guts, only a thin layer
of skin holding them apart. Gasping, i urged Max into a slow walk. His first
steps made me squeal and cry out in pain. My ass never left the saddle, but the
movement made the cocks twist inside me, producing a variety of sensations,
ranging from agony to ecstasy.

     I desperately fought to minimize the movement inside me, pushing upward
against the stirrups to lessen the pressure against the back of my slithole and
asshole. The pain retreated and I began to wiggle around a little on the cocks.

     Sensations began to build up in my body, and I rapidly approached an
orgasm. Then it was upon me, and I allowed myself to drop back all the way to
the saddle, throwing my orgasm into deeper and deeper waves of furious ecstatic
pleasure.

     I gasped for breath as the sensations rode over me. When the retreated, I
swayed in the saddle with weakness. The mental stimulation of the situation,
combined with the physical stimulation on my body from the cocks and the
shaking of my tits by the horses bouncing, overawed my senses.

     My legs, weakened by my orgasm, hardly supported me at all, and I bounced
slightly on Max's back. The cocks thrust in and out of my holes in small but
vicious stabs which quickly began dragging me upwards into another climax.

     A part of my mind which still functioned on a thinking level, realized
that there was nobody around now to hear the gasps and cries I had always had
to suppress at home. As I tumbled forward into another shuddering orgasm, my
mouth opened and I abandoned myself to glorious pleasure.

     I squealed and grunted loudly, my body swaying back and forth, and my legs
slapping against Max's sides as waves of fiery orgasmic lust ripped through my
body.

     Max however, took my slapping and bouncing legs as an order to speed up.
As I shivered through my orgasm, he began trotting across the field. My weak
kneed legs were unable to support me as his fait deepened and the cocks began
to pound in and out of me in deeper and faster strokes.

     I cried out in shocked pain as they slammed up into my guts. Max's gait
would throw my shuddering body upwards as his back rose, and then he would drop
away beneath me, yanking the cocks halfway down the length of my cuntslit and
ass tube.

     Then I would drop back down just as his back rose again. The cocks slammed
deep into my guts with terrible force, hammering deep into my guts. The front
cock sawed away at my clit as I was thrown around weakly on Max's back, and the
orgasms began washing over me in a sharp, fast series of wrenching quakes.

     My little holes were skewered repeatedly and my mind wallowed in the
ecstatic feelings shivering up and down my spine. The pain was a distant thing,
only serving to intensify the pleasure. I began losing all control of my body
as I shook and trembled through orgasm after orgasm.

     My head smashed forward and down against Max, further dazing me. First
one, then the other foot slipped free of the stirrups, and I began bouncing
freely on Max's back without any control at all.

     My entire being was focused around the aching, squashing, mashing,
pounding of the rubber cocks slamming in and out of my poor holes. My cit
slapped down onto the saddle with each downward bounce and made me cry out as
if punched.

     The jouncing made Max uneasy and he began to lengthen his stride. I was
thrown about helplessly on his back. Only the two rods embedded in my groin,
and churning my guts into a pulpy mass, kept me from flying from the saddle.

     My body was thrown up out of the saddle almost to the full length of the
cocks, and then immediately slammed back down, my tits screamed with pleasure
and pain each time my chest smashed forward onto Max's back or neck. They were
bouncing up and down on my chest with wild abandon as Max ran across the field.

     I was thrown forward and back and sideways, my arms and head flopping
about with no guidance or control at all. My legs slapped against the side of
the horse as I screamed in mindless sobbing pleasure. My tits were so swollen I
thought they would explode.

     Up and down, up and down, UP!... DOWN!... UP!... DOWN!...UP! DOWN! UP!
DOWN! UP!DOWN!UP!DOWN!UP!DOWN! UPDOWNUPDOWNUPDOWNUPDOWN!!!!!

     We raced across the prairie like that, drool spilling out of my mouth, and
dribbling down my chest and breasts as I flopped helplessly around on his back.
I could hardly breath through the continuous orgasms and my vision began
falling away into sparkling bright lights.

     I don't know how long after I lost consciousness, that I was finally
thrown from his back. Probably not long, or I wouldn't have survived. My cunt
and asshole would have been torn apart.

     When I woke up, I was lying on my back in the close cropped grass of the
north pasture. My arms and legs were spread wide. It took me many minutes to
groan and shudder my way back to life. The pain in my crotch helped me come
back down to earth.

     My cunt felt like I had just given birth, and my asshole was still partly
open as the sphincter muscle had been so abused it hadn't yet fully recovered.
My ass and thighs were smarting from the slapping they had taken against the
leather saddle, and i rolled over onto my stomach to ease the pain.

     I was extremely weakened by my experience and I began feeling increasingly
hopeless. It was  starting to get dark, and I was having difficulty even
standing on my rubbery legs. When I finally managed to heave myself upright and
take a few tentative steps, I noticed that I was walking instinctively bow
legged.

     Closing my legs brought tears of pain to my eyes. I didn't know how I was
going to get back home without Max. I groaned again at the thought of him
wandering back into the farmyard with those dildos glued upright on his
saddles, and my clothes in his saddle bag.

     Fortunately I only had to walk for about twenty minutes before I came
across Max grazing on the short dry grass. I dressed and rode home with some
difficulty. Riding was agony on my tender crotch and skin. I had to lay off the
dildos for several days until my raw pussy flesh had healed somewhat.

     My next wild experience occurred several weeks later. I was lying nude on
my bed watching television and snacking on muffins. Tom, one of our dogs, was
lying on the bed beside me watching every move the muffins made in their
journey from the plate to my mouth. I tossed him pieces occasionally, and he
would gulp them down and then slurp and lick all around the area the buttery
muffin piece had landed.

     Anyway, one of the pieces I had casually tossed, had failed to clear my
thigh, and had fallen back onto my crotch, where Tom had quickly grabbed it
before I could move it away.

     I didn't pay much attention to this at first because of the TV program I
was watching. Then Tom stuck his nose in my crotch, the way dogs do sometimes,
and began licking around there for any trace of the buttery muffin that might
be left behind.

     The rasping trace of his tongue as it slipped just past my clitty shocked
me and I pushed him away abruptly. But then I started thinking about how soft
and nice his tongue had felt down there.

     I placed another piece right over my cunt and made sure to rub some of it
along my tight little slit. Tom gulped down the muffin and then like always,
nosed around for more. He smelled the tracings on my pussy and began licking it
up energetically. I gasped in delight and spread my legs wide as his tongue
slid up and down my cunt slit, licking inside my pussy lips now and then.

     This was fantastic, I thought! The house was empty and I had an idea. I
jumped out of bed and went downstairs to the kitchen. I had an idea that I
thought would work even better than the muffins. Tom loved jam more than
anything else in the world.

     I got the jar from the cupboard and ran back upstairs. Tom was still on
the bed licking up the last of the muffins I had left him. I lay down and
pulled my knees up to my chest, then began to spoon the jam into my cunthole. I
pushed half a dozen spoonloads into my tight little cunt and then liberally
applied it around the outside as Tom looked on interestedly.

     Then I urged him over. He moved between my spread legs and sniffed lightly
around my slit for a few seconds, then his long tongue came out and began to
lick me. His tongue rasped over and over my bulging clit, sending waves of
pleasure racing through my blood.

     I sighed as his tongue slid into my cunny hole and began probing around
for more jam. My body began writhing around on the bed as he drove me into a
shattering climax with his licking.

     His tongue went deep inside me, his nose rubbing against my clit
continuously. I began humping up against his face as I built for another
orgasm. My head shook back and forth and I pulled and squeezed my titties as I
sailed through it.

     As I was regaining my breath after coming down, I noticed Tom was humping
against my bare leg as he licked. I think the smell of girl cum had excited
him. I could feel his hard cock against the soft smooth skin of my knee, and a
shock ran through me as I realized what else I might be able to get him to do.

     I had seen him and the other dogs in the yard of course, along with the
horses and cows. I knew how they did it, though I had never heard of them doing
it with a person before.

     I remembered how sometimes him and the other dogs would jump up on my or
the other kids back when we crawled on the floor. His cock was pretty big, but
not as big as the dildos I had used, and I had no worries that it would fit if
I could get him to fuck me.

     I got up and then went down on my knees on the carpet, waving my ass in
Toms face. Sure enough he loped over and began nosing around my slit hole
again. Seconds later, he jumped up onto me. His paws came around my waist and i
could feel his hard dick poking around against my crotch.

     I reached back and grabbed it. Shock ran through me as I actually held the
male organ in my hand. Then I fitted it against the opening of my slit and
pushed back against him with my ass.

     His cock slid deep inside me and he immediately began humping me. I
groaned as it slid over my clit on each pump. He fucked me so hard and fast, I
rocketed quickly into another orgasm. The idea of me getting fucked by a dog
was so degenerate and perverted! I was intensely excited and stimulated even
without his plunging, pistoning doggie cock.

     I couldn't believe how fast he was fucking me. His furry doggie body
ground into my as and crotch furiously. I had seen porno movies of people doing
it and the men never pumped near this fast. His cock was pistoning in and out
of my little slithole with tremendously deep strokes. I began humping my ass
back at him and this increased the force of the strokes even more.

     My mind was spinning as I was fucked for the first time ever. I could feel
Tom's prick slicing up and down my tight buttery cunt sheath, pumping and
plunging inside me as he sought to spill his see. I couldn't support my weight
any more, and my head and shoulders dropped to the carpet.

     Tom continued to pump wildly into me. His pounding body smashed into my
crotch, propelling me back and forth with each stroke, rubbing my face and
titties against the carpet.. The nails on his paws were rasping and scratching
the skin of my belly as he locked himself tightly to me, and I felt his drool
dribbling onto my shoulders and back as his hot breath blew around my hair.

     I could feel this hard bulge in the middle of his cock, deep inside me. It
was like there was a rock in the middle of his cock. The bulge  seemed to be
getting bigger as he went on and it began to hurt my cunt with its size. It
felt like a baseball or something inside me, and spread my cunt canal wide
apart as it churned its way up and down.

     I was weak from several orgasms, but I raised myself up and tried to get
him off me. I crawled forward across the room, but Tom was just dragged along
with me by his tight leghold around my belly, and he kept humping the whole
time.

     I tried to get up, but I was too weak to rise with his hundred and some
pounds of doggy weight on top of me. I tried and tried, managing to almost
rise, before falling again. Then he growled and nipped me lightly on the neck,
making me cry out in shock and sudden pain.

     I fell back to my knees and he stopped growling. I saw a pair of paws
besides me on the ground and looked up to see Jack, and beside him, Rex and
King. They were the other three German Shepherds we kept around the farm.
As Tom hammered away at my cunt, they nosed around me and humped against my
sides and head. I could see from my position on the ground that they all had
erect cocks hanging beneath them.

     Tom intensified his hammering fuck, and then I felt a gush of hot juice
shooting down into my guts as that big bulge in his cock exploded inside me. I
realized Tom had just cum, had just sprayed a load of doggie sperm into my
womb. The idea gave me a weird, twisted kind of thrill.

     He rested atop me for a few seconds, his tongue lolling out of his mouth
from the exertion, then he jumped off. I tried to get up then, but King
immediately humped up on top of me, his front legs sliding around underneath my
body and hooking around my belly.

     He ignored my feeble protests and his hard cock began poking against my
crotch. I tried to rise only to be nipped back into place by his sharp teeth.
His cock found my warm wet slit and slid down into me. Again my crotch was
pummelled by a hammering pounding body.

     In spite of myself I began getting excited by the situation and the
rubbing of his cock against my hardened little clit. I was practically being
raped by a fucking dog! I thought I must be the dirtiest, sluttiest girl in the
world, and the idea filled me with carnal lust. I came twice before he finished
and filled up my fuck hole with his doggy juice.

     Jack came after him. His cock was longer than the others and seemed to
crash into the end of my slithole on each downward thrust. When he finished REx
too his place. All the while I shivered and shuddered, and trembled as I knelt
beneath them.

     Their pounding cocks were driving my spinning mind into blasting,
blossoming orgasms that drove the thoughts from my head, that made me as much
an animal as they. My eyes were closed and my body jerked to their driving cock
thrusts. I felt like a bitch in heat being serviced by the dogs of a pack.

     My cunt was squeezing and clutching at Rex's fuck tool as I groaned and
trembled. My body shook through yet another orgasm as Rex rutted against me,
his spiky prick sliding up and down my little cunt tunnel and deep into the
center of my soul.

     As I knelt there in a semi-delirious state, Rex's poking cock came out and
then rammed into my asshole by mistake. It was slightly open due to my position
and loss of muscular control. His cock slid down into my asshole easily.

     It came to me through a daze that I should get him out of there before his
bulge built up like the others. I couldn't  do anything though, and soon it
would have been impossible to get him out of there without cutting off his
cock, as his bulge sealed him into my clenching anus until the end.

     He didn't seem to know the difference, or care for that matter, as his
cock thrust in and out of my rectum. The other dogs had left and I gasped and
moaned to myself there in the middle of the floor.

     An occasional cry issued  from my mouth as his thick round bulge smashed
back and forth in my guts. I knew I would never be able to get that thing out
of my little asshole as it was. I wondered how many girls had been sodomized by
a dog anyway.

     At last I felt the sloshing wetness in my asshole as his wad of spunky
white jism gushed down into my belly. He dismounted and I crawled tiredly into
the bathroom to wash off. Dog cum dribbled from my asshole and cuntslit as I
walked
                         Another File Downloaded From:

                               Nation of Thieves
       ÉÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ»
       ³ Node  ³ Phone Num.   ³ BBS Name (With Optional ASV & GSA)     ³
       ÌÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¹
       ³    1& ³ 423-539-3756 ³Green Hell                              ³
       ³    2% ³ 423-977-9298 ³The Black Knight                        ³
       ³    3^ ³ 423-983-4875 ³The Reaper's Corner                     ³
       ³    4  ³ 423-673-8405 ³Up All Nite                             ³
       ³    5  ³ 423-882-5523 ³Magnum Force                            ³
       ³    6  ³ 423-457-4579 ³Badlands BBS                            ³
       ³    7  ³ 423-687-2475 ³The OK Corral                           ³
       ³    8  ³ 423-369-1103 ³The Mountain BBS                        ³
       ÈÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¼
                   If We Can't Steal it -- We don't Want It!
