
               REPOST FARMGIRL NC/INC/BEAST/RAPE - FG03.TXT [3/8]

    WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!

   SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/S&M/INCEST/BEASTIALITY/LESBIANISM

                  ********************************************
                      Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
                  ********************************************
          If there's any nasty thing a girl can do it's in this story.
          Our heroine is a young farm girl mad for sex. She gets it,
          and is punished for it by a variety of people including mom
          and dad. This may be the only story ever to appear on a.s.s.
          in which a girl is gang raped by a pack of dogs... and loves
          it.
                    ****************************************

                                   Part Three
                                By Dark Dreamer

     I didn't even notice when Tony let go of my wrists, but suddenly he was
there between my legs. I just lay there helplessly, letting him do as he
wanted, too exhausted by the ordeal with his father to offer any resistance.

     He slid his cock up and down along the lips of my now cum covered cunt. He
grinned nastily at me from between my legs and then grunted as he pushed
forward, driving his meaty cock inside me, shooting it past my tired cunt lips
and up into my belly.

     His cock wasn't as big as his fathers, compared to that, though he was
tight, there was little pain. He was far less patient than his father though.
His cock started slicing in and out of me furiously. He stood straight at the
edge of the table, his hands coming down and encircling my titties, squeezing
and twisting them back and forth.

     His mouth came down on one and sucked the nipple in past his lips. He bit
down, making me yelp in pain. He grinned at me, his teeth around my nipple,
then bit down again, grinding his teeth back and forth across the tiny piece of
pink flesh.

     I struggled weakly against him, as he laughed gleefully. I could see blood
welling lightly from the cut in my nipple, then his lips cam down on it again
and he sucked on my blood.

     He moved back and pulled my legs up across his shoulders, pulling out of
me. I felt his cock repositioning itself at the small crinkled entrance of my
anus.

     "I never did like sloppy seconds." he grinned. His slickened cock rammed
against the hole, driving the head through and into my asshole. I cried out in
pain against, but could do nothing as his cock penetrated deep into my asshole.

     Like his dad, his hands slid around my hips and belly, yanking me against
him as his cock sodomized me.

     My legs bounced against his chest and shoulders as his fucking got more
frenzied. His cock was pistoning in and out of my rectum faster and faster. My
asshole felt like a power drill was whirring inside it.

     "You like... ugh... this... uggh... bitch...!? Ungh... unnnnggh... You
like... it... in... the ... asshole... you... dirty... fucking... Slut !?"

     He grunted out the words in time to each fucking ass thrust as he hammered
his prong down into me.

     Fucking... you!! Fucking your asshole...! Fucking your assshoooole!!" he
gasped.

     "Give it to her, boy!" His dad shouted from above my head. His hands came
down and grabbed my legs, pulling them up and back against my chest, pulling my
ass cheeks up off the table as Tony's cock speared in and out.

     "Yeah! Yeah! Fuck her ass boy! Fuck her so hard she'll never sit down
again!" He held my ankles up on either side of my head as I groaned in pain, my
back breaking under the strain. Tony gasped with the effort of ramming his hips
back and forth against me.

     "Wait a second!" he gasped. "Why should this little slut sit back while I
do all the work!?"

     "Let her go Pa." he said. He lifted me off the table, holding me against
him, his cock still up my ass. He moved over and sat down in a nearby chair so
I came down in his lap, my legs straddling his hips, hanging down on either
side of the chair.

     He grabbed my hair in both hands close to my head and stared into my
face."All right you little whore!" he said, "I know you been fucking yourself
with your dildos, so you can do the work here too. I want you to fuck up and
down on me. Come on, lets go!"

     His hands came around my waist and started lifting me up and down so his
cock went up into my rectum and back out again. "Lets go bitch!" he cursed.

      I moved my feet down flat on the floor and started wearily raising myself
up and down on his cock. It was hard for me to let myself down each time,
letting the cock stab up into my guts. I remembered the first time I'd done
something like this, with the very same dildo that Tony had torn from my cunt
earlier.

     He grabbed my tits in his hand and twisted them viciously.

     "Come on you slut, faster!" he cursed.

     I cried out and started jerking myself up and down as fast as I could. His
cock filled my anus each time, causing me terrible agony. His mouth came down
on my titties, chewing, biting, and sucking.

     Then he grabbed me by the waist again and started jerking me up and down
with tremendous force, impaling me on his cock until his white sperm shot up
into my asshole, bouncing off the reddened walls, flooding almost up into my
intestine.

     The Spinozzos weren't finished with me by a long shot. The old man wanted
a fuck like that too. He sat down on another chair and I had to squat over him
and lower my sore crotch onto his giant fuck pole.

     I whimpered as the cock knob pushed up into my cunt tube once again. I
slid downward, taking the entire length up inside me in one long, slow descent.
The smooth soft skin of my thighs and ass was rasped and tickled by his
scratchy hair covered legs and crotch.

     He wasn't satisfied with my weak efforts though and soon his big beefy
hands to raise and lower me. He pulled me against him, my tits mashing against
his chest as his mouth devoured mine. His hands moved up and down my back, and
caressed the smoothness of my buttocks.

     He pushed me backward along his legs, his cock sliding out of me slowly,
then he jerked me forward, ramming my belly into his, the giant cock moving
deep inside me once more.

     He did this repeatedly, moving me back and forth like that. His heavy
veined cock rubbed harshly against the top of my slit, sawing across my clitty.
To my shock and dismay, it was arousing me. I could feel girl juices flowing
down between my legs, could almost see my breasts swelling.

     He started bouncing me up and down, up and down, using his muscular arms
to jerk me like a rag doll atop him.     My weakness had caused me to fall
forward against his chest, and the pumping was squashing and rubbing the
sensitive, now almost hard nipples against his scratchy chest. His chest felt
like it was covered in sandpaper.

     The clammy, sweaty palms squashing my ass cheeks between them started to
excite me, in spit of my wishes. As I approached the end of each upstroke, I
caught myself eagerly anticipating the feeling of that fat fuck tool burying
itself inside me again, and rubbing over my clit on its way in.

     I pushed my chest tighter against his, to increase the friction on my hard
little nipples and swelling tit orbs. My tender boobies squashed flat between
his ribs and mine, bringing hot aching wonderful sensations of pleasure
shooting through my torso.

     He pulled me up again, higher than normal, so his cock came completely
out, only the tip of the head resting between my now slick cuntlips. He held me
there for several seconds as my body longed for his tool, then a groan of
pleasure escaped my lips as he lowered me and my hot sucking box enveloped his
cockhead and my fuck box slid slowly down over his prick  until he was buried
completely inside me again.

     My head rested against his chest as a shudder swept through me. Then his
hand in my hair jerked me back. I stared into his face through bleary dazed
eyes, my mouth hanging open. "Like that kitten don't you?" he grinned.

     He started jerking his groin up in sharp little jerk, making me throw my
head back and gasp at the startling sensations of pleasure.

     Just as my orgasm began to approach there was another jerk on my hair. My
head was pulled way way back, so I was looking almost upside down at Tony,
standing behind me.

     "I told you I was gonna teach you to suck my cock slut, now here it is.
Open your mouth!" he rasped.

     I shook my head weakly, keeping my mouth tightly closed, then gasped as
his dad humped upward again, jerking his cock inside me.

     The pressure on my hair increased, bringing tears to my eyes, until I was
forced to submit to his will. I opened my lips and his cockhead shoved into the
gap. He forced his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth.

     "Suck on it you slut!" he ordered.

     "Come on! Suck!"

     I was a novice at this and it took his father to show me what to do. I
dazedly followed his instructions, running my tongue up and down the skin,
rubbing it against the head lodged deep at the back of my mouth. Tony began
thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth as his father began to hump up
against me again.

     He shoved his cock harder and harder against the back of my mouth as he
fucked my face. Then with a start, I felt his bloated cockhead slip past my
mouth and down into my tight throat.

     I gagged and almost threw up as his cock filled my throat and began
sliding up and down in the tight tube. Tony grunted in excitement as his balls
slapped against my jaw and lower lip, and my throat muscles squashed his cock
within them.

     My fires began to build higher and higher and within a minute of the
double skewering I burst into a wonderful, glorious orgasm. All the problems in
my life, all the pain here, the embarrassment, the rage and anger, washed away
in its soothing sensations of rightness and ecstatic pleasure.

     Tony's dad started to suck on my left nipple as Tony's hand squeezed my
right. They made a dizzying contrast; The gentle erotic suckling and chewing on
one breast and the rough clutching and squeezing on the other.

     I grunted helplessly around Tony's cock as his dad pummelled my guts with
his massive organ. My mind reeled, spun into overload and then exploded in a
brilliant multi-colored haze that blotted out all else.

     I felt my nipples sucked and chewed, felt my breasts squeezed and twisted,
felt my clitty mashed and beaten by the huge organ thrusting between my legs.

     My legs swung around the chair, squeezing, trying to hump my crotch harder
against the big cock as I came and came. I felt one of the hands on my ass
begin to work its way into my little hole, still sore from my earlier
sodomizing. It buried itself inside my ass and began thrusting in an out.

     I felt it wiggling around inside me, rubbing against the back wall of my
cunt so I felt it against the pressure of the full cock fucking my cunt. A
second finger wiggled inside me, then a third. They stretched my asshole out,
forcing the walls apart and moving inside me like live snakes.

     My dazed mind soared and flew through shuddering orgasms. Huge waves of
carnal eroticism and lewd sensations of ripping, searing pleasure swamped my
brain as the pressure built up to an irresistible level and I burst into an
enormous climax, a climax of climaxes that sent burning electricity tearing up
and down my body.

     My guts shook, my limbs flopped spasticly, and every nerve and sinew in my
body trembled, twitched and shook. I thrashed and jerked, my body convulsed in
powerful explosive jolts of climactic sexual energy.

     I barely noticed when Tony came, gulping down his cum instinctively,
swallowing every drop with ease. His dad humped up against me furiously. His
powerful hands jerked me up and down and up and down, embedding his upthrust
girlfucker in my poor little pussy hole.

     I was almost fucked senseless by now, but not beyond the reach of my
charged up body. My stunned mind spun and rippled again as I screamed into
another orgasm. Only then did the old guy start grunting and spurt his jism up
into my badly used cunt box. He collapsed back in the chair and I fell forward
against him, my arms and head hanging over his shoulders and my exhausted body
crushed to his as our sweat mingled.

     Tony drove me home afterwards, but he made it clear that me and them were
not finished. I would make several trips a week over to their house for several
hours of raw fucking, and though I protested each time and tried to pretend to
them and myself that it was entirely against my will, I masturbated to their
memories every night.

     One of those trips was to be more memorable than any others. It was also
to be the last.

     That morning I had been visiting in town. I was wearing a skintight pair
of white jeans that cut my ass cheeks in two, framing each one to either side
of the seam that cut down between them. The same seam cut up between my
cuntlips, pushing them aside and making two little bulges in the crotch of the
pants.

     I wore a thin white sleeveless t-shirt over the jeans. The t- shirt only
came down a few inches past my titties, leaving most of my belly bare. I didn't
wear a bra and my little nipples would have been easily visible through the
thin white shirt, even if they hadn't been poking through the material.

     My hair shone gold in the bright sun as I walked down the sidewalk. I
watched out of the corner of my eyes, surreptitiously watching the boys and men
I passed as they gawked at me. I knew I was causing more than a few cocks to
swell up and loved it.

     My pussy was nicely warm and damp as I realized that every one of them was
visualizing me naked. I knew they all had me in different positions, some had
me sucking their cocks, some had me on my knees with them fucking me from
behind, some were atop me, plunging their organs into my pussy as I screamed
with pleasure. I wished I could read their minds so I could watch what they
were doing to me.

     Halfway down the street I passed the Sheriff. He glared at me through his
sunglasses. "Hey Becky." he said.

     "Yes, Sheriff?" I cooed. I stood in front of him, my hands behind me,
chest thrusting out, and smiling prettily.

     "Shouldn't you be in school?" he demanded.

     "Oooh it's too hot for that Sheriff." I pouted.

     "How you ever gonna learn anything if you don't go to school?" he
enquired.

     "I know lots sheriff." I grinned saucily, giving him a knowing smile.

     The Sheriff was one of those born again Christians. I wondered what was
going on in his mind. Was he mad because of the way I was dressed, or was he
wishing he could stick his cock up my pretty little ass?

     I wandered off, giving him a wave.

     Then Tony roared up in his Camaro.

     "Get in." he said shortly.

     I debated for a second, wanting to do a little more cockteasing in town,
but he glared at me and I sighed and jumped in. I could use a good fuck now
anyway.

     We had only just got started. I was still wearing my little t- shirt, and
a pair of string bikini panties. Suddenly the door burst open and Sheriff's
deputies rushed in. It didn't surprise me that the Spinozzos were involved in
some crooked things, but I was upset that the deputies were rough with me too.
They had a lot of experience with the Spinozzos and had little sympathies for
anyone associated with them.

     They didn't even give me time to get my pants on as they handcuffed us and
led us out to the police car for the drive to the station.

     As we were led into the little station I saw the Sheriff glaring at us,
and me in particular.

     "Throw them in the cells." he ordered as he eyed my near nakedness with
distaste. "Put her in the back cell."

     I don't know where the Spinozzos were put. I was led down a tight little
hall and into a barren concrete room at the end. There was a small steel
platform chained to a wall, with a thin little mattress on top with no covers.
The deputy pushed me roughly into the room and slammed the bars shut behind me.

     They ignored my claims of innocence, apparently on the basis that anyone
who was with the Spinozzos and was dressed like a cheap slut, (the shirt and
panties), must be no good.

     I sat on the bunk and shivered for what seemed like hours before one of
the deputies came and got me. He grimly refused to talk to me or listen to my
protests as he led me back down the hall to a thick wood door at the other end.

     He pushed me in there and closed the door on me. I turned and saw the
Sheriff sitting on his desk lookin at me like I was some nasty bug or
something. He was about forty I guess, and a tall and well built man. He wore a
natty dark blue suit, and his hair was immaculately groomed and combed back.

     I felt even more naked as he motioned me forward with a curt gesture. He
looked me up and down as I stood there before him still shivering, both from
the chill and fear.

     "What have you got to say for yourself girl?" he demanded. I just looked
at him fearfully.

     "My boys find you half naked with those whop scum. You're underage and
should be at school." he snapped.

     "Why aren't you?"

     "I... I... uh didn't go today." I stammered.

     "Don't tell me what I already know girl!" he glared. "What where you don
half naked with them Spinozzos?"

     "Nothing." I muttered, looking down at the floor. My arms were still
handcuffed in front of me and I tried to position my hands so they were in
front of my pussy. I knew the panties were so thin he could see my muff
otherwise, and maybe my dark slit too.

     His hand reached forward and gripped my thick blonde hair, pulling my head
up.

     "You're a dirty little girl! Do you know that!? You're an evil sinful
girl!" he shouted. "Lying to your elders! Cheating on school! Parading your
dirty sluttish body around in front of good Christian people!"

     He shook my head and then threw me backwards.

     "The problem with you girl is you weren't taught proper Christian
behaviour by your parents. I always said spare the rod spoil the child... and
you are a prime example  of that, for sure, for sure!"

     "What you need is a good whuping, thats what!" He grabbed my arm and
shoved me roughly against his desk, undoing his belt and sliding it out of the
loops of his pants.

     "Bend over that desk girl, I'm gonna show you what sinning brings dirty
little girls!" he said.

     I looked at his belt in shock and disbelief. I had more than a passing
acquaintance with belts from my father, who wasn't the kind to spare the rod
and spoil the child, but he hadn't used one on me in years.

     Instead of obeying him, I backed fearfully towards the door. He strode
after me, grabbing me as I turned futilely to run.

     "Let me alone! Don't you touch me!" I shouted as he dragged me back over
to the desk. He ignored my protests, ranting about sinful disobedient children.
He pushed me down across the desk and held me there with one arm as he brought
the belt up.

     I was still struggling against his arm when the belt cracked down across
my upthrust ass cheeks. The thin nylon panties didn't protect me at all as a
shock of pain blasted through me.

     I screamed as the belt cracked down on my ass again and again. I wriggled
against his arm until he gripped my hair and pushed my face against the
desktop. I yelled and cursed him, using all the foul language I had heard the
farmworkers use over the years, mixing the curses with tears of anguish and
yelps of pain.

     "Let go of me you Jesus fucking bastard~~ Cocksucker! Asshole! Leave me
alone you Goddamned sonofabitch!! He stopped the beating and let me up as he
stepped back. I saw a look of shock on his face.

     "BLASPHEMY!!" he screamed. His eyes bulged out and his face contorted in
rage as he looked furiously at me.

     "HOW DARE YOU!!!" he yelled.

     "FILTHY EVIL VILE THING!!" he ranted. "EVIL! YOU CURSE THE LORD!"

     He stomped back and forth as I cringed away from him.

     "You will be cleansed of this evil!" he said. ""I will cleanse thee before
thy death said Abraham!"

     I didn't know what the hell he was talking about except that my cursing
had sure made him crazy.

     Before I knew what was happening he had grabbed a fistful of my hair and
dragged me over to the side of the room. There was a big potted plant hanging
by a chain overhead and he reached over to a lever on the wall and pulled it
down.

     The chain holding the plant slowly lowered it till the plant was just
above my head. He took the plant off and set it on the floor then put the chain
of my handcuffs over the hook and pushed the lever up.

     I gasped as the chain pulled the hook slowly up toward the ceiling. The
hook pulled my arms up with it till they were stretched way above my head. Soon
I was hanging completely from the chain. I cried out in pain as the handcuffs
bit into my wrists. I felt the weight of my legs dragging down on my torso and
the weight of my whole body pulling at my wrist and shoulders.

     "You shall be punished and therein cleansed." he said sternly. He moved
around behind me and I looked over and saw a small knife in his hands. I gasped
in fear, afraid he was going to cut me, but instead the knife cut the thin
straps at my shoulders so my t-shirt slipped down around my hips.

     He pulled my shirt down my body with my panties, leaving me completely
nude. I gasped in embarrassment as his glaring eyes raked my naked rounded ass
cheeks and the smooth white skin of my back.

     "You pervert!" I screamed. "Let me go you dirty old man!"

     The Sheriff moved around in front of me. Even though I was hanging off the
ground a couple of inches he was still much taller, and looked down at me
nastily. Then quite deliberately he pulled back his arm and punched me real
hard in the stomach.

     I gasped in shock and pain, the breath knocked out of my lungs. He looked
at me with a terrible smile as I hung there gasping like a fish out of water.

     "You will learn respect." he said.

     "You will learn manners."

     I could see his eyes bulging out of his sweating face as he took in my
proudly upthrust boobies, and then slid down my belly and abdomen to my lightly
furred pussy mound. He seemed to leer at the agony I was in. I hung there in
misery, straining to get just a breath of air into my burning lungs.

     He moved out of sight around behind me. Several seconds later I felt his
hand slide slowly and gently down my back. He started at my neck and caressed
the skin down along my backbone. He paused temporarily when it came to the soft
round swelling of my buttocks, but resolutely slid down further.

     I could feel a trail of wet perspiration left by his fat fingers as he
slid right over my buttocks, squeezing them softly, softly, then he moved his
hand between my buttocks and slid it right down the center of my ass crack,
over my crinkled asshole, and then down between my legs to cup my pubic mound
in his hot, slimy palm.

     "This is the problem." he whispered. "This is the center of the problem
right here. The tempter of mens souls..." he paused. " The spoiler of the
righteous..." His hand rubbed my pussy mound lightly. I could feel the sweat
oozing from his pores.

     Suddenly he squeezed brutally on my mound, putting enormous pressure on
the soft tender flesh. I cried out in pain, and swayed forward as he sprang
back.

     "NO!" he shouted. "You foul seducer! You tempt even me! You shall be
curbed in your foul lust!"

     He moved to the desk and pulled out a long thin object. At first I
couldn't see what it was. I was still gasping from the sharp pain in my crotch.
I tried to rub my thighs together to ease the pain, since I couldn't touch it
with my hands.

     He walked back over and I saw the thing he had grabbed was a riding crop
like some of the richer people used on the ranches. My mind exploded in fear
and disbelief.

     "This was made for you seducer!" he gritted. "It will teach you the true
faith."

     I shook in confusion and terror as he talked, trying to understand him.
The pain in my crotch was fading but the continued and steadily increasing pain
in my arms, wrists, and shoulders was making it difficult to concentrate.

     Then there was a whistling sound behind my back, like the kind you hear
when you whirl a rope or stick through the air. A loud crack echoed through the
room just as my back was slammed with tremendous force, knocking me forward.

     My back lit up in agony. A terrible shock and burning pain lanced a trail
across my shoulders and upper back. I screamed in shock and agony as he drew
the whip back.

     "So brings lust down." he chanted.

     Again the crop whistled down, this time sideways across the middle of my
back. My body jerked and twisted as i shrieked in pain. The crop left a fiery
hot trail across my back, a trail that burned and burned.

     "Oh God! Please Stop!" I shrieked.

     "Though shalt truly know God when we are done!" He said.

     The crop lashed down again and again. It ripped a trial of fire wherever
it landed, that lingered long after. He alternated his strokes, sometimes he
would whip  up and down so the whip would score a vertical welt down my back,
other times he would swing the whip in a sideways arc so it would crack down
along a horizontal line.

     I jumped and twisted and jerked in pain and terror, shrieking and yowling
in agony and torment,. Lines of pain ripped up and down my back. Each stroke
bringing a sudden shocking burst of new pain from outraged nerve endings, each
adding to the background wall of building pain.

     Then he swung the crop sideways and lashed down at my bouncing ass cheeks.
My crotch jerked forward, and my legs flew wide, straining hopelessly to
escape. Again, and again, and again the whip smacked down on my beautiful
little ass. My pride and joy was bruised and cut. I knew how soft and warm the
skin was, knew how good it looked naked or clothed.

     Soon my whole ass burned like it was on fire. The cruel whip criss crossed
my buttocks with lines of brutal pain until the agony drove me unconscious.

     I woke only seconds later as the Sheriff waved foul smell salts under my
nose.

     "You don't go to sleep on me girl! I aint finished with you." he snarled.

                         Another File Downloaded From:

                               Nation of Thieves
       ÉÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ»
       ³ Node  ³ Phone Num.   ³ BBS Name (With Optional ASV & GSA)     ³
       ÌÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¹
       ³    1& ³ 423-539-3756 ³Green Hell                              ³
       ³    2% ³ 423-977-9298 ³The Black Knight                        ³
       ³    3^ ³ 423-983-4875 ³The Reaper's Corner                     ³
       ³    4  ³ 423-673-8405 ³Up All Nite                             ³
       ³    5  ³ 423-882-5523 ³Magnum Force                            ³
       ³    6  ³ 423-457-4579 ³Badlands BBS                            ³
       ³    7  ³ 423-687-2475 ³The OK Corral                           ³
       ³    8  ³ 423-369-1103 ³The Mountain BBS                        ³
       ÈÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¼
                   If We Can't Steal it -- We don't Want It!
