
               REPOST FARMGIRL NC/INC/BEAST/RAPE - FG04.TXT [4/8]

    WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!

   SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/S&M/INCEST/BEASTIALITY/LESBIANISM

                  ********************************************
                      Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
                  ********************************************
          If there's any nasty thing a girl can do it's in this story.
          Our heroine is a young farm girl mad for sex. She gets it,
          and is punished for it by a variety of people including mom
          and dad. This may be the only story ever to appear on a.s.s.
          in which a girl is gang raped by a pack of dogs... and loves
          it.
                    ****************************************

                                   Part Four
                                By Dark Dreamer

     My head hung down, my sweaty hair hanging damply across my sweating face
in a tangled mass. I looked down at my rounded breasts protruding from my thin
ribcage. Sweat beaded out on them now, and all down the smooth white flatness
of my belly and across my hips. I could feel drops sliding down into my light
pussy hair.

     The crop whistled through the air again and again. Now it brought only a
shallow grunt from my lips. My senses were so overwhelmed by agony, my back
already so afire, that the renewed lashes brought only short stabs of pain.

     The sheriff seemed to realize this. He didn't like my just hanging there
not responding properly to the blows. He stopped and moved around me. His hand
gripped my sweat damp hair, yanking my head up. Angrily he pulled my head way
back between my arms, thrusting my chest outward.

     I whimpered at this new abuse, at the pain coming from my hair at his
brutal pulling. My throat tightened and hurt from the pressure of being forced
so far back. Then the crop cracked down across my right breast.

     The thin leather landed with stunning force on the soft fleshy orb, the
force of his blow mashed the whip deep into the center of my breast, parting
the meat in two halves, and smashing against my ribs.

     I shuddered in renewed agony from this outrageous attack. My head jerking
against his grip on my hair. He slammed the whip down again, this time against
both breasts, slashing down right across the pink nipples.

     My legs kicked feebly against him and my mouth wailed its terror as he
slashed and beat at my breasts with the crop until they were criss crossed by
swollen red welts. He whipped them like a madman, striking first one, then the
other, then both together, as my legs and hips twisted and flailed helplessly.
Tears poured from my bleary eyes as the burning, shattering pain of my breasts
mounted.

     He let go of my hair and my head jerked upward and then forward, hanging
down over my burning tit meat. I looked up dazedly and cold see drool and spit
flying from his mouth as his bulging eyes stared down at my nakedness. He
lowered his attack and slashed down at my belly again and again, seemingly
intent to leave not a square inch of unmarked flesh on my body.

     He stopped. I could hear his gasping breaths even over my own. I was
hardly aware of what was happening any more. I saw without noting it, the
Sheriff hanging a wide horizontal bar from the same hook as my arms.

     I groaned as he lifted my leg up high, folding it up and back against my
chest. I felt something slide around my ankle and hold it there. Then the same
thing happened with my other leg, until I was hanging from both ankles and
wrists, folded in two.

     My ankles were then moved apart, and hooked to the ends of the bar, so
they were wide open. I noted this, sort of, through  a thick daze. I could see
him as I looked out from between my legs, leering at me.

     Then the crop came down in a terrible ark that seemed to move in slow
motion. It tore through the damp cool air and landed smack in the middle of my
gaping crotch, right along my slit!

     My throat was raw with screaming already, but this blow brought a terrible
wail of agony which I didn't even recognize as my own. It was a howling scream
of animal pain and suffering. The crop raised high, again as if in slow motion,
then slashed down once more, in nearly the same place...

     The sheriff seemed to take satisfaction from landing blows right against
my slit, my clit, and my asshole. The pain was indescribably, agony in its
purest, rawest, most terrible form.

     My pussy and asshole felt like the skin was being ripped away and my
insides were about to spew out any minute. I envisioned my intestines and
cuntwalls dripping forth from bloody gashes.

     The whip slashed down over and over, filling the room with a terrible
meaty thwack each time. When he stopped it was only because I was unconscious,
and even his smelling salts couldn't bring me to.

     I don't know how long I was out, it wasn't long enough. When I woke, I was
still hanging from the chain, but my legs had been let down again. The pain was
a terrible background wall that obscured and misted all other senses.

     I was awake for several minutes before my slit eyes focused and delivered
to my brain the sight of the Sheriff standing transfixed before me, holding the
crop by the thin end as he worked the long thick handle up and into my cunt. He
thrust it in and out, over and over, spellbound by the sight.

     When he noticed I was awake he jumped and started to yank it out, then
thought better of ti. Instead he thrust it up into me brutally, bringing a
fresh stab of pain from my body. Thats what you live for isn't it you little
Whooooooore, isn't it!!?" he gasped. "You need it don't you!?"

     He continued to work the smooth, sweat stained handle up and down in my
cunt. He leaned forward slowly and ran his tongue out and across one bulging,
sweating, scarred nipple. Ever so slowly he licked at the small tortured bud,
hardened by outrageous buffeting. His lips fastened around it and he sucked
softly.

     Minutes went by as I hung there moaning with the pain. The sheriff
continued to bend over me, licking and suckling on my breasts as he worked the
handle of the crop in my cunt. His hands fumbled with his pants and then
dropped them to the floor. His fully erect penis sprung up, pointing at me
eagerly.

     "Lord forgive this weak man for succumbing to temptation!!" he sobbed.

     He grasped my body tightly against him, forcing his mouth down on mine.
His hands raced over my body, squeezing, fondling, stroking. His tongue flicked
over my teeth, and both his hands came down to my buttocks, squeezing and
kneading the wounded flesh.

     He pulled my legs apart and quickly thrust his cock up into my slit. His
hands on my ass and inner thighs kept my legs up and spread as he fucked me
like a maniac. His penis thrust furiously in and out of my gash. My damaged
pussy mouth ached with the pain caused by his swollen meat rubbing over them.

     I was a raw oozing ball of flesh, mindless, thoughtless. My body throbbed
and pulsed with pain. My shoulders and wrists cried out in renewed agony as his
brutal fucking jerked me back and froth.

     My mind was virtually gone, but my body, its senses utterly confused and
overwhelmed by the enormous tide of high intensity sensations, began
responding to his raping cock.

     I grunted, small steady little grunts that coincided with his cocks
deepest penetration, and the mashing of his pubic bone against my scarred
clitty. My eyes were closed and my head hung backward as he gripped my ankles
tightly and rutted into me.

     Dimly, I felt his intruding fuck tool slashing back and forth inside me,
cramming and bashing its way through my girlish cunt tunnel and up against my
tender cervix.

     I came. I know I did. My body shuddered and cunt juice poured through my
fuck box just in time to meet his spraying jism as he screamed and clutched me
tightly against him. He spilled his Godly seed inside my belly and then groaned
and fell away.

     As soon as he was finished he ran crying from the room. I hung there for a
while before i fell unconscious again.

     When I next woke I was back in My cell. I stayed there for almost two
days, naked, my hands still cuffed, drinking only water and eating only bread,
before they came and got me again. The deputy leered at me and slid his hands
over my body. He cursed when I tried to pull away. He pulled a key out and
unlocked my handcuffs, then pulled my hands behind me and relocked them.

     He sat beside me on the little bunk, his hands moving over my belly and
down between my legs, stroking and squeezing. His mouth sucked on my breasts,
chewed on my nipples, while I whimpered helplessly. Then he sighed, and looked
at his watch.

     He got up, dragging me to my feet and pulling me out of the cell. He
played with my titties and ass while we walked toward the office.

     I was brought into the room again, and then left. The sheriff was all
dressed up in his finest suit as I was led naked into the room. He looked at me
with fury.

     "You are evil incarnate woman!" he hissed.

     "You are shameless... a WHORE!"

     He went to his desk and sat down.

     "Come over here girl." he ordered.

     "Do you need another whipping or are you gonna obey me?"

     I moved to the desk, where he motioned me around to his side. Once there
he pulled me down to my knees, and unzipped his pants. His cock came out and he
motioned to me with a smile. Wearily I bent forward and took the flaccid penis
between my lips. I sucked and nibbled on it carefully, like I had learned at
the Spinozzos.

     His prong began hardening quickly. Soon he was moaning in pleasure as my
head bobbed up and down on his pole. It filled my mouth completely, barely
leaving room for my tongue to rub up and down on it. I concentrated my tonguing
against the round, sensitive head, running it around the cock and dipping my
tongue into the tiny pee hole.

     My cheeks sucked in as I applied suction to his fat rod. His hands came
down on my head, pushing my face tighter into his crotch, forcing the cock
deeper into my mouth. Then the fat head passed the little gag thingy at the
back of my mouth and pushed into my throat.

     It was a strange feeling inside there. It filled my windpipe and gave off
strange sensations as he started to fuck his cock up and into me with force. I
guess to his cock, my throat was just another tight tunnel for it to use.

     He started to mumble something under his breath as his moans increased. I
was beginning to panic. Though he was fucking the cock in and out of my throat,
it seldom got high enough to clear my windpipe for me to get some air. I had
never experienced anything like this before. Even through my nose was clear,
and I could breath through my mouth around his cock, my throat itself was
simply blocked up, allowing no air to pass by the fat meaty plug.

     My only previous experience with deep throating had been in the midst of
an orgasm, and had been much less short lived than this. I tried desperately to
drag myself away from him but his hands on my head were too powerful, and my
hands were still tightly bound behind my back.

     Luckily in a few more seconds he pulled out, holding his cock inches from
me as it spurted and sprayed white cum juice into my face.

     I took great gasping breaths of sweet cool air, and my body shuddered in
relief.

     After a few minutes for him to recuperate, he pushed me down again,. My
lips slid down over his cock and I began sucking on the organ once more. In
minutes he was hard again. He pulled me up by the hair and bent me forward
across his desk. I felt his hard cock probing against my crotch, and seconds
later he entered me.

     He fucked into me for several minutes with furious rutting strokes, his
wet rod siding in and out of my channel energetically. His hands came around
under my chest and began squeezing and milking my tits. His hips crashed
against my spread open groin as he thundered to another orgasm.

     He let me go after a couple of days in the cell for the marks to
disappear. My parents were furious with me. All they knew was that I had been
arrested at a drug sweep in some pushers home. I didn't tell them anything
about what had happened to me because I was afraid of what the Sheriff would do
if I did.

     I told them that I had just gone to a classmates home for the afternoon
and just happened to be there when the cops came.

     My mom was sympathetic. She never seemed to get mad at anyone, being a
very timid, shy kind of person. My Dad didn't believe me though. He yelled and
lectured at me all the way home..

     When we got there I was banished to my room. That was OK though, I was
glad to finally be back in my room and safe from the Sheriff. My room seemed
like heaven after that dank, dirty cell. The first thing I did was take a
shower.

     I let the hot water stream down around me for long minutes, soaping up and
washing off several times to clean off all the accumulated sweat and grime.

     To my surprise, none of the marks the crop had made were still really
visible. There were a couple of very thin lines that you could see if you
looked for them, but even they were fading and would soon be completely gone.

     I lay on my bed leafing through some of my homework my teacher had sent
over, and wondering idly, what I would do for cockmeat now that the Spinozzos
were gone. I didn't really want to go back to the dogs. I had found that man
cock was much much better.

     Later that night, my Dad came through the door. He glared down at me and I
braced for more lecturing. He lit into me, accusing me of using drugs, then of
selling them. He wouldn't believe my story.

     Finally he jerked his open hand across his chest in the gesture he used to
let everyone know. `thats it'

     He grabbed my arm and yanked me to my feet, then started pulling his belt
out of the pant loops.

     My eyes widened in shock and dismay. After that horrible beating by the
Sheriff, the last thing I'd thought of was that I'd get another one at home.

     "Raise your skirt." he ordered, just like he used to do. I was angry and
frustrated. I didn't deserve a whipping for what I did!

     Well actually I did, but the sheriff had more than taken care of that.
Besides my whippings, spankings really, were always through my pants, or at
least panties if I was wearing a skirt. I was only wearing my little t-shirt
nightie, with nothing underneath.

     "I'm not wearing anything underneath!" I protested.

     He eyed me nastily.

     "I'm your father girl!" he shouted "You think you got something I ain't
seen before!? Get down across the bed and raise it before I lose my temper with
you!"

     "But Daddeeee!" I wailed.

     He reached down and grabbed the hem of my nightie and yanked it upward. In
one quick motion he jerked it up all the way to my armpits and then over my
head, then he turned me around and shoved me down across the bed.

     I was face down over the bottom corner of my mattress, my ass was right on
the corner and each of my spread legs hung over the mattress on one side of the
corner. I pushed my face deep into the covers, mortified that my Dad was
looking at my naked ass and pussy.

     Swish... CRACK!

     I gasped as the belt smacked down against my upturned as cheeks. It didn't
hurt anything like the riding crop, but it still hurt like hell.

     Swish... CRACK!

     My buttocks tingled in shock and pain.

     Swish... CRACK!

     Swish... CRACK!

     Swish... CRACK!

     The pain exploded across my ass cheeks over and over as my father brought
the belt down against the tender flesh. I was determined not to cry out, but
soon I was sobbing and shining as the belt slammed my crotch down against the
bed repeatedly. My fists were clenched tightly in the covers. I was sobbing
uncontrollably and crying out with each new blow.

     When it stopped, I crawled  my way up the bed as he stood there at the
foot breathing heavily.

     "Maybe that'll teach you Becky." he gasped.

     "I didn't do aaannyyythhiinnggg !!" I shrieked. I was still face down.

     He grabbed my hair in his fist and yanked me around so I was on my back
and partly upright. His face was inches away from mine.

     "We searched your room after the sheriff told us about the drugs girl!" he
growled. "Want to know what we found?"

     I gasped in shock and fear, trying to pull away from him. My arms coming
up belatedly to cover my naked breast and groin. He twisted my head up and back
by the hair. "What kind of girl are you anyway!?"

     I don't even know what that stuff was! I found it!" I cried. He just
looked at me.

     I reddened and my voiced stuttered insensibly as I tried to come up with a
believable lie for what I was doing with all those dildos and vibrators and
stuff. What could I possibly say!?

     I saw his eyes go off my face, sliding down to my breasts and their small
pink nipples.

     "I bet you've screwed half the boys at school, haven't you?" he whispered.

     I shook my head frantically.

     "You're a whore aren't you!?" he shouted.

     "No! I haven't! I haven't!" I sobbed.

     "You lying little slut!" he cursed. "The sheriff told us you were half
naked when his deputies went into that place!"

     I was kneeling on the bed, my feet beneath my buttocks. He jerked my head
up and back, making my legs shoot out sideways automatically as they sought to
relieve the weight and pain on my hair. His hand jammed into my crotch. His
fingers dug into my slit, shoving my cuntlips aside and forcing their way
inside me. He dug two long fingers up into my slithole as I jerked helplessly
in his grasp.

     "Wheres your cherry!? Huh!? Where is it!?" he cursed.

     He pulled his fingers out of me and rubbed them against my face. "You sure
ain't no God damned virgin, thats for sure!" He pushed me so I fell on my back,
and then he stood up.    He was eyeing my body and breathing heavily. "My sweet
little girl." he gritted.

     "Sweet little miss innocent, fucking every boy she can find and stuffing
dildos up her hot little cunt when she can't find them!"

     I cringed back, trying to yank the covers over my naked body. Then his
hand whistled through the air and cracked against the side of my face. "You
WHORE!" he yelled.

     He jumped down on top of me, his heavy body crushing me into the mattress.
His hands came down around my throat and tightened so I couldn't breath.

     "WHORE! WHORE! WHORE! WHORE! WHORE! WHORE!" He sobbed.

     My hands were clawing at his fingers as they squeezed my throat. My eyes
felt like they were going to pop out and my brain started to scream and blur.
My eyes were starting to lose focus when he loosened his hold on my throat.

     I could dimly hear him sobbing and cursing me through the roaring in my
ears and brain. I was spread out under him, my arms sprawling above my head.
Then I felt his trembling hands reaching down to my chest. His fingers rubbed
hesitantly around my nipples. He reached down and undid his pants, pulling his
cock out.

     I didn't see any of this. My eyes were still kind of blurred and stared up
at the ceiling. I was aware of what he was doing though. I felt his pants slide
down and then the warmth and stickiness of his bare skin against my crotch.
Something hard pushed insistently against my cuntal opening and then poked
itself inside.

     I heard my father grunt with pleasure as his cock sank down inside me. My
cunt protested the dry, forced entrance, and the pain added to the dizziness I
was feeling still. His mouth came down against mine and his lips mashed against
me.

     I didn't even make any attempt to resist or protest. I just lay there
spreadeagled under him as he fucked in and out of me. The bed creaked and
jerked back and forth as his body jerked up and down. His hands were all over
me. They ran up and down my chest and bell, squeezing and twisting my breasts
and nipples.

     He was so much bigger than me he blotted out my whole view of the room.
All I could see was his chest and shoulders rising and falling a few inches
above my face. His hands came down and cupped my ass cheeks, jerking me up
against him on each downstroke.

     His chest hair rubbed against my face and my nose crinkled at the smell
from his armpits only inches away. He grunted with each pump as his cock fucked
up and down in my cunt slit.

     Finally he gave a loud groan and squeezed my ass cheeks in his hands with
an iron grip as his penis spewed forth his sperm. It gushed down into my belly,
the same sperm that had made me, the same sperm that had gone into my mothers
cunt long ago. I hardly realized it when he staggered to his feet and left.

     I don't know what happened in my Dad's mind after that. He seemed to think
of me differently afterwards. It wasn't something anybody else noticed, but I
sure did. It was in the way he looked at me whenever we were in the room
together, the way he acted, the suspicion when I went out.

     At first that was all it was. He seemed to be ashamed of what he had done
that night, and maybe was a little afraid of me telling my mom. It was about a
week before he did anything but look. Then he started casually brushing by me
when I was downstairs, his hands brushing my behind or breasts accidentally.

     He started kissing me goodnight on the lips instead of on the forehead or
cheek. When he kissed me, he put his arm around me and sometimes his hand would
slide down lightly over my behind.

     Then about ten days after, I was doing the laundry in the basement. My Dad
had followed me downstairs. He wandered over with a pair of overalls in his
hands.

     "Oh you doing your stuff now?" he queried. "I was gonna do these."

     "I'm finished. I'm just getting my stuff out of the washer now." I
answered without turning around.

     Then I felt his hand at the small of my back. I started, but didn't turn
around. He rubbed my back lightly for a couple of seconds, and then moved his
hand downward, slowly sliding it down over my buttocks and squeezing me. I
pretended to ignore him, scooping my stuff out of the washer hurriedly. His
hand rubbed my ass cheeks, then slid along to the crack between them and rubbed
up and down between my cheeks.

     His hand slid down and between my legs to rub my pussy through the jeans.
I jerked around quickly, yanking his hand away.

     "Daddy stop!" I demanded.

     He just moved closer to me. He moved right up against me, backing me
against the washer. His chest was inches from my face and he looked down at me
with a yearning, hungry look on his face.

     Then his mouth came down on mine and his hand moved around behind my head
to hold it in place for his ravishing lips. His kiss was urgent, demanding. His
right hand was roughly squeezing my breast as I fought for footing. His tongue
shot past my lips. I could feel it rubbing insistently along my teeth and
licking at my tongue.

     My nails dug into his hand on my breast, trying to force it away. He
jerked his hand away, then slapped me in the face.

     "You little whore!" he shouted, examining the back of his hand.

     "You think you're too good for me now is that it!?"

     He grabbed my arm and turned me around, shoving me hard against the sink.
His hand grabbed my neck and forced me to bend down so my face was in the sink
and my ass stuck out behind.

     His hands tore open my jeans, almost ripping them off me. My feet left the
ground and the hard edge of the sink dug into my belly as he tore them off my
legs. Then I felt his crotch pressing against mine as he undid his zipper.
Seconds later I felt the head of his hard cock poking into my ass cheeks.

     "Stop it! Stop it!" I cried.

     "Shut up you slut!" he cursed.

     He shoved my face further down into the sink so my head was under the
soapy water the washer was pouring out.

     I felt him spreading my legs with his other hand. His cock poked at the
entrance to my fuck box. He rammed his prong inside me as I struggled to force
my head up to breath. The pain was terrible, but almost a distraction to me in
my fight for air.

     His prick was all the way into me before he let my head up again. I choked
and sputtered as I gulped in air. His hands ripped my shirt open, then tore my
bra in half. His fingers fastened around my hanging breasts, squeezing them
tightly.

     "You keep your mouth shut you little twat or I'll fucking drown you! You
hear?" he hissed.

     His cock pounded furiously into my tight cunt hole. His hands opened and
closed desperately around my meaty globes, squishing and twisting them. His
hips slammed forward faster and faster, thrusting his cock in and out of me
with powerful strokes.

     My hips ground against the hard cement of the sink as he slammed me
forward on each thrust. His cock ripped in and out of my slithole, rasping the
soft skin like sandpaper. His mouth came down against my neck and bit deeply,
bringing an uncontrollable cry of pain from my lips.

     He shoved my head underwater again until I almost passed out from lack of
air. Then he ripped my hair up, jerking my whole upper body up out of the sink
and back against his chest. His fuck pole continued to thrust and skewer my
slit, slamming me against the sink.

     "Little whore!" he hissed. "Little sluthole. Probably fucking every guy in
town ain't you, fuck... fuck... fuck! Oh you're so tight baby. You got a nice
tight little twat here!" He was mumbling, rambling, and for the first time I
noticed the booze on his breathe. "Unnngh... Unnggggggg... Yeahh... Yeahhhhh...
Sooo Goooooood! Oh Jeeesusss!!" he cried.

     He slammed his hips forward, embedding his prick deep inside my guts. He
panted for breath, his hands coming down and squeezing my breasts absently.
Then he pulled back, stumbling a little. He ran his hands back through his
hair. I slid down to my knees, hugging my chest tightly. He looked at me, and
started to say something, then turned and shambled away and up the stairs.

                         Another File Downloaded From:

                               Nation of Thieves
       ÉÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ»
       ³ Node  ³ Phone Num.   ³ BBS Name (With Optional ASV & GSA)     ³
       ÌÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¹
       ³    1& ³ 423-539-3756 ³Green Hell                              ³
       ³    2% ³ 423-977-9298 ³The Black Knight                        ³
       ³    3^ ³ 423-983-4875 ³The Reaper's Corner                     ³
       ³    4  ³ 423-673-8405 ³Up All Nite                             ³
       ³    5  ³ 423-882-5523 ³Magnum Force                            ³
       ³    6  ³ 423-457-4579 ³Badlands BBS                            ³
       ³    7  ³ 423-687-2475 ³The OK Corral                           ³
       ³    8  ³ 423-369-1103 ³The Mountain BBS                        ³
       ÈÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¼
                   If We Can't Steal it -- We don't Want It!
