
               REPOST FARMGIRL NC/INC/BEAST/RAPE - FG05.TXT [5/8]

    WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!

   SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/S&M/INCEST/BEASTIALITY/LESBIANISM

                  ********************************************
                      Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
                  ********************************************
          If there's any nasty thing a girl can do it's in this story.
          Our heroine is a young farm girl mad for sex. She gets it,
          and is punished for it by a variety of people including mom
          and dad. This may be the only story ever to appear on a.s.s.
          in which a girl is gang raped by a pack of dogs... and loves
          it.
                    ****************************************

                                   Part Five
                                By Dark Dreamer

     That's the way we went on for a while. After that second attack, it was
just like the first. For the first couple of days he wouldn't be able to look
at me when I was around, then he would start watching me, staring at my ass and
tits whenever we were near each other. In another week he was squeezing and
grabbing me as he walked by. Then he would have to fuck me again.

     The third time was when I was in my bed at about two in the morning. I
woke to find him sitting on my bed, his hand rubbing lightly across my naked
breasts. When he saw I was awake he pulled the covers off completely and got on
top of me. His cock was inside me in seconds and he began thrusting in and out.

     The next time it was in the hayloft of the barn where I went sometimes to
read. Then in the garage, then my room again. One time I was taking a shower. I
felt a chill breeze against my wet skin. I looked out and saw a silhouette
against the shower curtain. I gasped as the curtain was yanked open.

     My father was standing there naked, his mouth open, his eyes bulging out
as he stared at me huddled in the corner. His cock was hard and red, and
pointed at me threateningly, like a gun.

     He got in the tub with me, the water flattening his hair and dropping down
off his face. The drops bounced off his chest and shoulders as he moved against
me in the corner. He grabbed my wrists, pulling my hands away from my chest,
holding them high above my head with one hand so he could stare at my naked
body.

     His other hand pressed against my boob, pushing it flat against my chest
with his palm. He rotated his hand, then closed the fingers around my tit,
squeezing the meaty flesh. He stared down at my tit in fascination, as his
fingers squeezed and squeezed it repeatedly.

     His hands came around me, hugging me tightly as he kissed me. He pulled my
leg up and thrust his hips forward, crushing my ass against the tiles. He
reached between his legs with his other hand, still holding my leg up high and
to the side, and inserted the tip of his penis in my sheath.

     His hand moved around onto my ass, pulling me outward as he slowly pushed
himself up into me. He began thrusting almost immediately, screwing me with
short, sharp jabs. He moved his hips around in circles, jerking in and out.
When he decided I was loose enough, he began pumping with long smooth strokes.

     His body crashed into mine again and again, slamming me against the corner
of the shower enclosure. My face was buried in his wet chest fur. Then I felt
him shudder. His hips slammed forward as his head jerked up and back.

     "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"

     He slumped against me, slowly lowering my leg, his cock slipping out of
me.

     I tried to stay away from him as much as I could of course. I stayed away
from anywhere he could get me alone when an attack was due, but he always found
a way somehow. I thought about telling someone, but I didn't know who.

     I sure couldn't tell my mom. That sure wouldn't do any good. The idea of
her doing anything so rash as to stand up to him was laughable. She waited on
him hand and foot, like he was some kind of God or something. I knew she
wouldn't believe me, and if she did, she wouldn't do anything anyway.

     It wasn't just that he was fucking me whenever he wanted that was getting
to me. It was the loss of control over my mind and body when he did it. Bad
enough that he used me however he wanted, worse yet was that my body betrayed
me during these times more often than not.

     Sometimes it was over with fast and I could just walk away and clean up.
Then again, there were the times when my body had shuddered through unwanted
climaxes and orgasms at my fathers hands. What had been almost acceptable from
the dirty Spinozzos was humiliating coming from my dad.

     I even thought about running away to escape him. But I was pretty smart. I
knew that running away would solve nothing at all. What could I do? Go to New
York and be a prostitute? How would that be any better than this? And what
would happen if I turned out to like that too?

     One day when my mom was out he grabbed me as soon as I got home from
school. I had gotten mixed up, thinking it was the next day my mom would be
out, otherwise I would have stayed away for a few hours until she got home.

     As it turned out it didn't matter. He bent me backwards over the kitchen
table and started kissing and fondling me. His hands ripped my shirt open and
yanked it off. My bra went next. I was flat on my back on the table, my legs
flailing helplessly as his mouth sucked on my small pink nipples.

     His tongue rasped over the skin, his mouth suckling and chewing, forcing
each nipple erect against my will. HIs hands squeezed my tit as he looked down
into my face. "I'm gonna fuck you in the asshole little girl!" he hissed.

     "You every been cornholed? Ever been sodomized? Fucked up your shitter!?"
he panted evilly. "I'm gonna fuck you so hard you won't be able to close it for
a month!!"

     "NO! Please don't daddy! Don't! Oh God!" I struggled against him, my
fingers clawing for his face.

     Suddenly the door opened and my Mother walked in. We all stared at each
other open mouthed for several seconds, then my father smiled. He shoved my
arms up above my head and gestured to her.

     "Get over here and hold her down!" he ordered.

     She continued to stare, her mouth opening and closing.

     "Move your ass you bitch!" he shouted.

     She jumped, then slowly, hesitantly, moved over to the table across from
him.

     "Mommy stop him!" I yelled "Pleeeeassse" I wailed.

     "Grab her wrists and hold them there!" he barked.

     I felt another, smaller pair of hands around my wrists. I tried to jerked
my wrists away when he let go but my mother held firm.

     His hands undid my pants and yanked them down and off as I sobbed in
anguish and humiliation. He leered at me, rubbing my cunt through my thin
bikini panties.

     "You're gonna love this baby." he smiled.

     I jerked my head up to look at my mom. Her eyes refused to meet mine. She
stared dazedly at my body, wherever he touched it. He slowly slid my panties
down and off, leaving me totally nude between the two of them.

     His pants dropped to the floor and his cock came out. He poked it against
my cunt slit. Slowly he pushed it into me, forcing inch after inc h up my cunt
tube until his balls rested against my ass cheeks. He pumped into my then,
slowly, easily, taking his time.

     "You like that whore?" he gritted. "Does that feel good? Do you like being
FUCKED by your daddy?"

     I sobbed, gritting my teeth against the pain in my slit and the sudden
arousal of my oh so sensitive clitty. He pulled out and stepped back. He picked
up a can from the table. I hadn't noticed it before. It was shaving cream.

     He poured out a huge handful of white cream.

     "Pull your legs up to your chest." he ordered me.

     I sobbed and shook my head. Humiliated by having my Mother see him fucking
me. He grabbed one of my boobs in his other hand and twisted it viciously,
making me cry out in pain.

     "Do as I say you little slut or I'll tear your fucking tit right off!" he
screamed.

     Jerkily, I pulled my legs up and back, opening my cunt and ass to him. He
slapped his cream filled hand against my asshole, smearing it all over my
crotch area. He rubbed his hand over his hot red cock, and centered it against
my cream covered shithole.

     I could feel the tip against my crinkled little asshole. He pushed harder
and harder until he forced the tip past the opening.

     He started fucking it in and out with just the tip. Repeatedly forcing my
asshole open and closed. He began to press deeper and deeper with each new
stroke, shoving his long fat fuck spike deeper into my asshole.

     I stared up at my mother. Her face was frozen as she held me tightly. Her
eyes were locked on the connection between my upturned little anal opening and
her husbands churning pistoning fuck tool.

     He pushed it further into me, opening up my ass tube, weakening my
sphincter muscle. When he was half way in, something seemed to give inside me,
and my asshole kind of sucked him down inside. He just shoved it forward,
letting it slowly disappear down into my anus as the three of us watched.

     I felt the cockhead move way up into my guts and sort of pulse and throb
there for a second. He sighed happily, grabbing my legs and forcing them apart
further. His hands came down around my waist and jerked me against him as he
started to really fuck his cock in and out.

     At first he went slowly, forced by the tightness yet,. As my asshole
loosened further, he picked up speed. He lifted me right off the table
sometimes as he jerked me back and forth. His cock thrust into my rectum faster
and faster. My asshole burned, felt torn, ripped, as his churning fuck pole
skewered me with brutal ease.

     His breathing increased. "OOOoooo YYEssssss! What  a fucking asshole
you've got!" he cried. HE jammed his prick as deep inside me as it would go.
His balls mashed against my ass cheeks and his fingers dug into my sides as he
lifted me off the table and jammed my crotch against him.

     "C... C... CCCCUUUUUUMMMMMMMIIIIINNNNNGGGGGGGG !!!!" he screamed, as his
cock spurted his semen down into my anus, giving me a hot semen enema.

     He grabbed one of my legs in each hand and jerked them up even higher and
further apart, shoving me back onto my shoulders as he lifted my ass. Only my
head and shoulders were still touching the table, along with my arms, which my
mom was still holding.

     My dad buried his cock down my shitter, yanking me tightly against him as
he creamed in my asshole. He dropped my legs then, which fell across the table
top with a dull aching thump, and staggered backwards, wiping the spit and
drool off his face.

     "What a nice tight little asshole she's got mom! Not like your's!" he
laughed. He leaned forward and hissed in my ear.

     "Your mom used to have a nice tight little asshole too, until I fucked it
open for her! Har! Har! Har!" he laughed. His hand came down and cracked
against my face, bringing a sharp yelp from me.

     "Go do your chores now slut."

     I looked up at my mom but she still wouldn't meet my eyes, so I slowly
turned and stumbled off the table and out of the kitchen. I went up to my room
to get some clothes on and then went back down to head for the barn. My dad
stopped me as I was about to pas out the side door.

     "Hold it, you!" he ordered.

      I tensed up and turned slowly, dreading what new ideas he might have had.

     "What the fuck are you doing with those on?" he demanded.

     I looked at him in confusion, then looked down at my coveralls and
t-shirt.

     "What?" I asked, flustered.

     "Get those clothes off! I didn't say you could wear clothes. Why should we
waste clothes on a slut like you?"

     I just looked at him in shock.

     "You got nothing to hide from us little pussy."

     He stalked closer till his angry face was right next to mine. "Why should
you get those clean clothes all dirty out in the barn!? Take em off now!"

     Slowly, resignedly I undid the catches on my shoulder and slid the
coverall dow my body and off my legs. I pulled my t-shirt up and off my head
till I was standing there in just bra and panties. He motioned at them
imperiously and I sighed and pulled them off too.

     "Much better! you look much better that way!" he chortled.

     "Now get out to the barn and do your chores."

     I went out the door naked, walking over and into the barn. It felt
strange, but somehow very free to do my chores in the nude, not having to worry
about getting my clothes dirty or anything.

     Our farm was isolated enough that there wasn't any chance of anybody
seeing me, so I guess my dad was right on that account. Why wear clothes? Him
and my mom had seen everything I had, that was for sure.

     I finished and went back into the house, quickly showering to get the
barnyard smell off me. I stared uncertainly at my clothes, wondering if I was
allowed to wear clothes i the house. I didn't want to make my dad mad again and
get another whipping. I decided to go down and find out.

     My mom was stretched out naked on the sofa as I rounded the curve in the
stairs and stopped. dad was humping away between her spread legs as she grunted
and jerked against him. He looked up and noticed me. "Get your little ass down
here!" he ordered.

     "Sit down on the bitch's face!"

     I hesitated, loathing the idea of placing my tender pussy near my own
Mother's face.

     "Move your ass whore!" he yelled.

     I jumped down the last two stairs and scrambled over to the end of the
sofa where her head hung over slightly.

     "Sit!" my dad ordered.

     Slowly I lowered my pussy until I felt my mom's nose make contact with my
pussy slit. I held there desperately for several seconds, then my dad grabbed
my shoulder and jerked me down so I fell full on her face. "Lick her bitch!" he
ordered her.

     I felt her tongue slithering up and down along my slit, darting and
dipping slowly, resentfully.

     "If you don't make her cunt, I'm gonna chain you up naked in the yard with
the dogs and pigs." my dad said.

     Then he looked at me. "If you cum, you go in the yard instead."

     There was a slight hesitation below me and then my mom's tongue began
squirming and sliding in and out of my slit furiously. It raced up to the top
of my cunt mouth and buffed back and froth against my clitty. I tried to pull
away slightly and her hands came up and locked around my hips. Her fingers dug
into my fleshy skin, gouging out thin craters.

     Her tongue was moving up and down as she rubbed her face and jaw back and
froth. I squirmed slightly, fighting against any sensation of eroticism or
excitement, willing my body to be still and ignore the movements between my
legs.

     Her hands slid up my sides and clutched my tits boldly. She smoothly
stroked all around the nipples as she worked on my pussy. I groaned silently,
cursing her this betrayal. She was a woman, and knew exactly how to treat my
body, knew exactly what would stir it into excitement despite my wishes.

     My groin began twitching and then humping against her face. Each time I
felt it move, I tried to stop it, but too late. Soon my hardened nipples poked
out of fever swollen breasts as my body began to sway back and forth over her.

     My groin was a blazing valley of wanton desire that consumed my mind with
sensations of lust and gratification., My hands came down on her head and
jerked her face against me as I moaned and sobbed loudly. My brain was swamped.
My will to resist overrun by the sizzling sparks of churning electric impulses
racing through my body.

     I felt her body being jerked back an forth under me  as my dad continued
to fuck her. One of her hands left my swollen titty and slid up against my
squatting, humping ass. It squirmed around till one finger was pointing upward,
and the next time I squished down, I felt it thrusting up inside me.

     I cried out in shock and pleasure as it slid into my pussy. On my next
hump two fingers penetrated my quim, then three, then four, then her hand was a
madly squirming monster trying to force its way up inside me. I was
defenceless.I Screamed inwardly with desire to stop her, knowing I would
explode if she succeeded.

     Still my body betrayed me, humping harder, trying to impale itself on the
hard bony hand. Then it happened. My pussy lips spread wide around her hand and
it slid up inside me to the wrist. I stopped in shock, and held still,
squatting above her.

     She quickly bunched her fingers into a tight fist and rammed it way up
inside me. My body stiffened and then slowly started to shake. Then my mind
collapsed into a screaming whirlwind of sexual energy. I screamed in ecstasy
and horror as I felt the hard fat fist crushing through my tight tunnel and
mashing its bony knuckles against my cervix.

     Fuck juice spewed down my tunnel and around her hand and wrist as she
buried it u inside me to her forearm. My body was racked with convulsions as my
grunting humping groin, rutted against the fist with mindless want and
satisfaction.

     I gave a final shuddering gasp of purest ecstasy and delight, then
collapsed to the side, falling off her face. My mind was dazed and exhausted by
the experience. I could see my Mother looking up at me with a cool smirk on her
face as she pulled her hand loose and lay back to enjoy the final pumpings of
my dad's cock up her pussy.

     I laid there trembling as he finished and then turned towards me, his eyes
sparking.

     "Enjoy yourself whore?" he sneered.

     My downcast eyes stared at the floor as he got up off my mom and pulled on
a pair of shorts. Then he grabbed my arm and dragged me off the couch and out
into the backyard.

     Across the yard was a fenced in area where some of the animals were locked
up at night. The pigs had a pen there, as did the chickens. The dogs roamed
about free inside the fence. My dad pulled me through the fence and towards a
tree in the middle of the yard.

     There was a chain locked around the tree, with a dog collar attached to
it. He fastened the dog collar around my neck and then pushed me to the grass
with a nasty leer.

     "Okay bitch dog! You stay locked here for the rest of the day and all
night. I don't want to come out here and find you standing up either. You're a
little bitch dog in heat and you damned well act like it or I'll roast that hot
little pussy of yours with a switch."

     He had a little pad lock that he fixed around the collar so I couldn't
open it, then he patted my head and laughed. "Have a nice time girl!" he
jeered.

     I laid there for several hours, doing nothing but watching the animals
wandering about aimlessly. It felt strangely exciting being chained up this
way. I felt like a wicked carnal animal, like a raw sexual being!  Just before
nightfall, my Mother came out with my dinner. It was a bowl of mashed hamburger
or meatloaf. There wasn't any ketchup or salt or anything like that. I started
to ask her for some when she pointed her finger at me and cursed suddenly.

     "Shut up you little whore!" she snapped. "If you'd had the decency to keep
your little pussy away from him none of this would have happened.!" then she
stalked off towards the house.

     Normally I would have turned up my nose at this stuff, but not being able
to snack on anything else, I was ravenous today. I was halfway through the meal
when I felt a sudden blow against the side of my head that sent me reeling. The
food spilled onto the grass as I was knocked onto my back. I looked up in shock
to find my father angrily shaking his finger at me.

     "What did I tell you!?" he raged. "You're a little bitch dog! You eat like
a dog not a human being!"

     He grabbed me by the throat and dragged me squealing and protesting over
to the spilled hamburger. "Now you eat that up off the grass without your
hands, bitch girl!" he ordered.

     I was reluctant and got another crack in the side of the head. Quickly I
leaned forward and started licking and chewing the spilled food as he watched
closely. "Thats better." he said. "We'll just have to make sure this doesn't
happen again, won't we?"

     He walked off and returned later with a pair of thick leather tubes of
some sort. He made my hands into fists and then jabbed them into the tubes. He
tied them tightly closed with leather cords and then stood back to admire his
handiwork.

     My hands were locked into the leather mitts so there was no way I could
get them out. I effectively no longer had hands! He grunted  and went away. I
looked at the things resentfully, and tried to get them off.   An hour or so
later he returned, carrying a bundle in his arms. He brought the dogs in for
the night, shooing them into the compound with me. He put a bowl of water down
next to me and then crouched down with what turned out to be sandals.

     He leered at me and grabbed one of my ankles and fastened the sandal onto
my foot. I looked at the things with confusion, having no idea what he was up
to now. I felt a sharp pricking against the bottom of my feet as he tied the
straps tightly around my ankles. After he finished both feet he got up,
apparently satisfied.

     "Stand up." he ordered me.

     Thinking he wanted to test how good they fit, I put my feet flat on the
ground and pushed myself upward, then cried out in pain and topped to the
ground as he burst out laughing.

     There were scores of little pins and tacks that had been shoved through
the soles of the sandals. They didn't hurt, unless I tried to stand up of
course. "That ought to keep you on the ground bitch dog!" he said gleefully.

     Then he grabbed my hair and jerked me up so I was on my hands and knees.
He knelt behind me and with no fanfare at all, slammed his hardened cock deep
into my pussy tunnel. I grunted from the sudden filing of my nearly dry fuck
tube. His cock rasped back and forth within me as he grabbed my waist and
jerked me against him ruthlessly.

     Several of the dogs had fathered around to watch as he slammed his hips
against my wide open crotch again and again. His hands slid down around my
titties and squeezed and squished them as he grunted above me.   Instinctively
I spread my legs further apart as he fucked into me. My cunthole quickly began
lubricating as the excitement mounted within my confused body. His hips
pummelled my behind with brutal, furious strokes that halfway sent me to my
face in the grass with the force.

     I could feel every square inch of his fuck tool as it ripped in and out of
me. I began rutting back at him, humping my ass up and back to meet each of his
driving strokes. My hair hung down over my face, masking the outside world as I
whimpered and grunted in time with my dad's fucking.

     "Little bitch slut!" he gasped. "Little fucking whooore! Cunt! Fuckhole!
This is all you're good for you little twat!" he growled. His cock slammed up
inside me with ferocious lunging drives as my Father neared his cum. His hands
were jerking my helpless body back and forth and I was perilously close to my
own orgasm.

     Then the breath caught in my throat as the waves of pleasure became a
tidal flood of endless irresistible force and blasted all thoughts and emotions
clear out of my brain, replacing them with complete, utterly raw sexual
ecstasy.

     I floated completely mindless on that sea of sensations for unknowable
seconds or minutes, my awareness of the world completely lost, my entire
existence focused on my cunt and the soaring hurricane of sexual sensations
washing through my frame.

     Sometime during this, my dad came, washing my cunthole with his white jism
as I trembled and shuddered there before him. I felt the juice spurting inside
me, as just another facet of the pleasure I was swimming in. Then he got up
with a gasp and I collapsed onto my face, twitching continuously. My eyes
blurred and my mind was fuzzy. He went back to the house I guess, though I
didn't really notice.

                         Another File Downloaded From:

                               Nation of Thieves
       ÉÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ»
       ³ Node  ³ Phone Num.   ³ BBS Name (With Optional ASV & GSA)     ³
       ÌÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¹
       ³    1& ³ 423-539-3756 ³Green Hell                              ³
       ³    2% ³ 423-977-9298 ³The Black Knight                        ³
       ³    3^ ³ 423-983-4875 ³The Reaper's Corner                     ³
       ³    4  ³ 423-673-8405 ³Up All Nite                             ³
       ³    5  ³ 423-882-5523 ³Magnum Force                            ³
       ³    6  ³ 423-457-4579 ³Badlands BBS                            ³
       ³    7  ³ 423-687-2475 ³The OK Corral                           ³
       ³    8  ³ 423-369-1103 ³The Mountain BBS                        ³
       ÈÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¼
                   If We Can't Steal it -- We don't Want It!
