
               REPOST FARMGIRL NC/INC/BEAST/RAPE - FG06.TXT [6/8]

    WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!

   SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/S&M/INCEST/BEASTIALITY/LESBIANISM

                  ********************************************
                      Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
                  ********************************************
          If there's any nasty thing a girl can do it's in this story.
          Our heroine is a young farm girl mad for sex. She gets it,
          and is punished for it by a variety of people including mom
          and dad. This may be the only story ever to appear on a.s.s.
          in which a girl is gang raped by a pack of dogs... and loves
          it.
                    ****************************************

                                    Part Six
                                By Dark Dreamer

     I fell asleep soon after that. My body was drained with fatigue and
complex emotions. I woke to the snorting and pawing of the dogs around me. It
was still dark, and I had no way of knowing how late or early it might be.

     There were no lights on in the house across the yard. I turned in the
darkness to see the dog's nuzzling me insistently. I wondered at first if they
expected me to feed them or something. I hadn't gone near them for some time
now, not with Tony and his dad to look after my needs, and I had thought they
had forgotten our little sojourns into depravity.

     Apparently I had been wrong. King nudged me with enough force to knock me
over, and I could feel Tom's breath against my ear as he growled
intermittently. Then I yelped and sprang back as he nipped me sharply in the
side. I shuffled backwards quickly, realizing what they wanted and in no mood
to accommodate them.

     Then I realized Rex and Jack were there too. One of them nipped me again,
this time on the behind, as I backed toward them. I yelped again and swivelled
around., Tom jumped up onto my back as I squatted there, trying to mount me. I
flung him off and tried to crawl forward to the protection of the fence.

     I received several more nips as the dogs pranced around me. I swung my
arms at them, trying to drive them off. Several more attempts were made to jump
onto my back, which I managed to defeat. Then Tom jumped forward and bit harder
still on the fleshy part of my arm as I swung at Rex.

     I squealed and jumped to my feet, forgetting about the sandals I was
wearing. Bolts of pain shot up my legs and I went flying forward. I fell across
a small tree trunk that my dad had cunt and placed there for some purpose long
ago. The wood dug into my soft belly, scraping the skin and making me cry out
again.

     One of the dogs jumped up onto my back. I swung at him, knocking him off,
but one of the other dogs grabbed my leather mitty in his teeth and growled,
dragging it backwards. I slapped at him with my other hand and it too was
grabbed by one of the dogs.

     The two dogs acted like they were playing a game of tug of war with the
tough leather, digging in their feet and pulling for all they were worth. My
arms stained and my abdomen dug into the side of the trunk, rasping the harsh
bark against my belly even more.

     The force of their pulling dragged me up over the log, so my ass was
sticking right up in the air. My legs had parted unconsciously as I sought to
counterbalance their pulling and so I was helpless to prevent it when the other
dog jumped atop me and pumped his groin against mine.

     His cock slipped  past my pussy lips and dug down deep inside me before I
even knew it was there. He began rutting me, driving his erect cock in and out
of my splayed pussy with blurring doggy pumps. I could feel that fat ball in
the middle of his cock getting bigger and bigger as the pressure of my pussy
around his erection drove his excitement higher and higher.

     I cursed and sobbed as he raped my tight cunthole. The other two continued
to yank on my mitties, keeping me helpless as the one on top humped his hairy
doggy body against me. His furry belly swished back and forth over my back, and
drool spilled from his mouth and down onto my back and hair as he screwed me.

     His paws slipped around me and were scratching up my skin, adding more
pain to the mounting mix of furious emotions and sensations sweeping through
me. My titties were being rubbed raw atop the rough bark of the log as the dog
jerked and jumped on top of me. His seventy or eighty pounds of weight crushed
down against my back, squashing my titties and tender nipples against the
jagged edges of the wood.

     He pumped furiously as I wiggled against their hold. I stopped fighting
against the hopeless odds ad lay there unresisting as he finished up his
fucking by spewing the gooey white contents of his fuck ball into my guts.

     He dismounted and another took his place. In seconds he began to hump at
me. His cock raped back and forth inside my guts as I lay draped across the
log. The other dogs let go of my mitties and fathered closer  around me,
whining and sniffing.

     I wasn't even aware of it when my betraying body began to respond to the
furious manipulation of my sex mound. My ass began humping backward against him
slowly, in little jerky motions. The feelings kind of crept up on me. As my
swollen tit mounds rasped against the wood, I suddenly realized that they
didn't feel all that bad, that there was pleasure in their constant rubbing
against the rough material.

     I pressed them down with more force on the next roll, enjoying the brief
burst of pain/pleasure that shot up through my nipples and tit nerves. I
realized then that my cunt and clit were shooting forth hot waves of passion
and lust from the fucking and abuse they were getting.

     I was helpless to prevent it, as my body began to respond with more and
more passion to the rutting. My ass humped back towards the dog as he fucked
me. The sex juices flowed around his fat cock, and my cunt squeezed and jerked
on his shaft as he slit it in and out.

     My mind began gliding higher and higher through the maelstrom of surging
sensations. I clutched the log tightly against my belly as I rubbed my boobs
against it desperately. Then my eyes rolled back in my head and my mouth
groaned long and low as i came with a furious, greedy enthusiasm.

     My dizzy mind reached out for every lewd and pleasurable sensation it
could fin, and dragged them all in. I banged my chest repeatedly against the
tough old log, squishing and mashing my tits against it. I humped and jerked
backwards, trying to impale myself on the dogs lunging cock.

     Spittle slipped from, my open gasping lips as I lost control of myself. I
collapsed onto the log as the dog continued to pound away at my crotch hole.
Soft whines came from my mouth, matching those coming from the dog fucking into
me.

     I struggled back to a semblance of awareness and suddenly realized that it
was a lot brighter than it had been. I looked up through bleary eyes and saw my
mom and dad standing just outside the fence. My dad was holding a bright
lantern aloft.

     My woozy lightheaded brain sought to realize the significance of this as
the dog increased the temp of his fucking and his cock rubbed furiously back
and forth against my clit. My dazed thinking processes were swarmed under by
the renewed attack of sexual heat as the dog spurted his load of jism up inside
me and got off.

     I humped against the log for a few seconds until the next dog mounted me
and plunged his steely boner down into my hot lustful cock pit. His plunging
driving prick soon sent me screaming into another orgasm, this one even worse
than the first.

     I trembled and shook against the log, hugging it as if it were an anchor
to sanity as the exploding bombshells of sexual heat fractured and destroyed my
thinking processes. I came down again, panting for breath as the dog fucked me.

     I became aware, dimly of my parents saying something, then the light went
off and they went away, leaving me there with the dogs. The one behind me
finished, and dropped off, and the next took his place. I don't know how long
he screwed me because I eventually fell unconscious.

     When I woke up the sun was high in the sky. The dogs had already been let
out of the yard. I saw nobody around and lay there, wondering at the events of
last night and yesterday. My hands trailed down my body, and I winced at the
feeling of aching and bruising between my legs.

     My chest was covered with scratched and scrapes, and my back hurt from the
scratching of the dog's claws. I wearily crawled over to the water dish and
sipped up several mouthfuls. It tasted awful, and I realized the dogs had been
using it too.

     After a while my mother came out of the house. She put a bowl of food on
the ground ad left after looking at me like I was some kind of disgusting bug
or worm or something.

     My father showed up soon after I'd eaten. He glared at me and then
unsnapped the lock from my collar. He attached a dog leash to the collar and
dragged me across the yard to the wooden fence.

     "Little slut dog!" he hissed. "Little fucking bitch dog whore! Had a nice
time last night FUCKING THE DOGS!? Didn't you!?"

     He picked me up and draped my belly down across the top of the fence so my
ass was hanging out and thrusting up. I gasped in pain as the post dug into my
belly, supporting all my weight.

     Then I felt something hard and cold at my pussy, and suddenly my dad
thrust a metal hose up inside me and turned on the water. He ignored my squeals
of protest as he fucked the hose in and out of my pussy, sluicing floods of ice
water flooded inside me and spurted out around the hose.

     "DOGFUCKER!" he cursed me.

     He pulled the hoe out and sprayed the icy water all over my squirming
body, soaking me from head to toes. He threw down the hose and pulled out a bar
of soap and began soaping me up. He ran the soap all over me using furious
pressure around my pussy mound and ass.

     I quivered from the cold and the aching stinging effect the soap and
rubbing had on my many small cuts. He jammed the hose back inside my cunt again
and fucked me with it.

     "Got to clean the dog juice out of your slutty little fuck hole BITCHDOG!
Make it nice and clean again!" he muttered.

     My guts felt like leaden ice as the cold water washed around inside my
belly. I shivered and trembled there until he finally pulled the hose out of
me. Water dribbled and leaked out of my pussy lips and trickled down my legs as
my father turned off the water and threw down the hose.

     Then he was against me, his hard cock slicing up inside me. His prong
thrust back and forth in my cold wet pussy, sending water spurting out the
edges with each hard deep thrust.

     My head was dizzy from being upside down  so long and was soon spinning
around in renewed heat from his brutal fucking. I came furiously, humping
against the fence feebly as his big tool slid in and out of me. Then he groaned
and spurted his stuff into me and stumbled back.

     "Ought to skin you alive for fucking those dogs!" he cursed. "You are a
shameless little fuckhole!"

     He jerked me back off the fence post and down onto the ground.

     "You can just stay here from now on whore! he spat, "Since you enjoy it so
much!"

     He threw something down at me and went away. After a few minutes the
blurring around my mind began to clear and my eyes focused. He had thrown one
of my cock like rubber dildos at me. I moaned and flopped back onto my back,
spreading my arms and legs to absorb the suns warmth and dry off.

     I was like that a couple of hours later when my mother came out to look at
me. She shook her head in disgust as I opened one eyelid to watch her. It came
to me with sudden clarity, that she was angry and jealous about her husband
fucking me. She wasn't mad at him for fucking her daughter, she was mad at me
for attracting him!

     "You think you're gonna lounge around like that all day, Whore!?" she
demanded. I opened both eyes and sat up to look at her. I could see her mind
working, trying to think up something for me to do without hands or feet.
Apparently she couldn't think of anything. She cursed at me and then stalked
away. I lay back in the sun.

     After a while, I started getting horny from my own wanton nakedness. I
crawled over and grabbed the dildo. I lay back again and began working the fat
rubber cock up inside me. After a few minutes, I was happily stroking away with
it, sliding it up and down my fuck tube. I came, and then came again.

     Most of the day was like that. I just lay there getting a tan, and getting
horny. From time to time I fucked myself to climax with the dido to release the
buildup of sexual tensions within my body. My dad and mom wandered in and out
of the house and over to the barn. Several times my dad stopped and came into
the yard. He would watch me masturbating, or else drop on top of me and stuff
his hard sausage of a cock down into my holes.

     I spent that night out in the yard again. This time the dogs were kept
someplace else.

     The next day was a repeat of the last. Several times, I saw my mom peering
out the window of the house, or from around the corner of the barn as her
husband fucked energetically into my little pussy slot, or up my wrinkled,
crinkled little asshole.

     Whenever he decided that I was doing something not to his liking, my dad
draped me across his knees and gave me a good spanking. Afterwards, he would
stick his cock down my pussy hole, and spurt his juices into me, then stuff his
face against my groin and suck them back out again. I got so I enjoyed the
spanking. In spite of the pain he brought to my ass, I began to look forward to
them.

     My mom got madder and madder at the sexual attention her husband gave to
me.  One day while my dad was out, she came out to the yard and stood above me
as i lounged back, staring up at her insolently. Then her foot came forward and
kicked me right nt he belly.

     "Little WHORE!" she yelled.

     I doubled up in pain. She kicked me again and again, in the stomach and
sides and ass. She grabbed one of my ankles and puled it up into the air,
exposing my crotch. Her foot slammed down into my cunt repeatedly. I screeched
and howled as she brutalized me. I scrambled around, kicking and flinging my
arms around, trying to ward her off.

     She stuck the point toe of her shoe into my cunthole and jammed it down
viciously. "So you're so tight huh!?" she jeered. "We'll see how tight you are
you two bit little slut!!"

     She pushed her foot down with more and more pressure, forcing the pointed
toe deeper into my cunt Her shoe jammed down against my cunthole, and more and
more of it slid into me. She forced aside my screaming pussy lips and stuffed
her foot inside me. My pussy lips spread and spread as the unnatural sized
object forced its way inside me.

     My mother had to hold my ankle tight against the fencepost to support
herself on one leg, as she kicked her foot down into my cunt with more and more
pressure. Half the foot was inside my cunt, almost as far as her ankle! My
straining stretched pussy lips shot pain through my body.

     She abruptly pulled her other foot off the ground, supporting her entire
weight on the foot in my cunthole. I howled as the foot inched deeper inside
me. She brought the other shoe down onto my tits as I lay there on my back. She
squashed my titties one by one against my chest, grinding her shoes and sharp
heels into my pliable tit meat.

     She pulled her foot back and started kicking me viciously in the tits.
Without any warning at all the surging waves of pain shooting through me were
joined by agonized pleasure as the fullness of my cunt and the rasping,
rubbing, squashing of my tits and clitty registered on my half crazed brain.

     In seconds my body began building towards an orgasm. Then it came, with my
mother kicking at my boobs like they were little soccer balls, and her other
foot jammed halfway up my fuck tube.

     My mother realized I was cumming and abruptly pulled back. The feeling as
she yanked her foot out of my cunt was one of enormous relief combined with a
crash of released pain that sent my orgasms hurling even higher. She stood
there and rained curses and abuse on me as I trembled and shivered through the
sexual climax.

     My dad came home a couple of hours later and stopped off at my little
corral to give me a quick fuck. I grunted and humped against him as he knelt
behind me and screwed me like a wanton little fucking bitch dog.

     The next day it got very cold and I shivered as I huddled in a corner away
from the wind. My father came out and got me and brought me into the house. I
wasn't aloud onto the furniture though and crawled into an out of the way
corner and lay down.

     Several times during the day my mother would pass by and lash out with her
foot, delivering a stinging kick to my side or belly. I crawled under the
dining room table to try and stay out of her way.

     In mid afternoon she dragged me out from under the table. I whimpered and
struggled against her as she pulled me out by the leash still around my collar.
She sat down on a chair and pulled her skirt up to her waist revealing a bare
naked cunt to me.

     "Since your daddy ain't interested in me no more you can damned well suck
me off you little piece of shit!" she hissed. She yanked my hair, forcing my
face into her cunt. I had never sucked off a woman before. She whipped my back
with the leash until I followed her instructions and began slurping and lapping
on her cunt slit and suckling on her clit.

     She humped her cunt up towards my face as I sucked her. Her head rolled
back over the back of the chair and she moaned low in her throat as pussy juice
seeped out of her crack and onto my tongue. I jammed my tongue as far inside
her as I could get it. The scent of fuck juices  excited me, and sent a
shivering heat through my body.

     After she'd cum, she went upstairs, pulling me after her. She took off all
her clothes and lay down on her big bed, spreading her legs. I dove into her
crotch again, sending her into another climax. She made me give her a long
tongue bath, and then went into the bathroom and took a bath. I had to soap her
up and wash her as she lay there lounging in luxury.

     She watched in satisfied amusement as I struggled to hold the soap between
my two leather mittens. She could have done the job a lot faster and better but
enjoyed making me slave over her. Any thought I might have had about her being
less antagonistic to me ended when she forced my head down under the water and
held it there as I splashed and struggled furiously.

     She finally let me go and I broke the surface of the water gasping
desperately for air. I sucked in mouth after mouth of sweet pure air as she
giggled at me. Then she punched me in the belly, knocking me back onto  the
floor, where I banged my head against the toilet.

     "Did you like that slut?" she asked icily.

     "I want you to clean this bathtub now, and it better sparkle or You'll get
a lot worse."

     I groaned and reached for one of the clothes with my two mittens.  She
kicked me in the belly again. I collapsed forward onto the floor, doubling over
and clutching my aching stomach.

     "Clean it with your tongue you piece of shit!" she snarled.

     "Clean it with your fucking tongue!"

     She grabbed my hair and hurled me over the edge of the tub.

     "Start cleaning it whore!" she demanded.

     My tongue reached out tiredly and licked at the tubs gritty surface. She
slapped at my ass as I licked the tub, demanding I lick harder and faster. I
licked franticly over the dirty enamel, nearly choking at the taste of soap and
dirty in my mouth. Just as

     I finished, my dad came into the room.

     "What the hell is the little fuck piece doing?" he demanded.

     "She's cleaning the tub, what does it look like?" my mom answered angrily.

     My dad laughed in delight. "Well I guess that's at least one thing you can
do, Fuckwad." he cackled. Then he unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock.
IT wasn't at all hard. He pointed it at me for several seconds and smiled.

     Then a stream of yellow piss came out of the little hole and splashed on
me. I squealed and tried to get away but he directed the little stream at my
face and tits and cunt, and I was unable to escape it. My mom eagerly grabbed
my hands and held them above my head as my dad pissed down on me,

     I was drenched in his hot, acrid smelling urine. It poured into my face,
over my lips and down my chest, running in a warm yellow stream between my tits
and down over my belly to my cunt mound.

     He finished at last, and my mom dropped me back against the bottom of the
tub. "This tub is filthy!" She screamed. "Clean it up right now!"

     Resignedly I bent over and began licking at the tub again. The
overpowering taste and smell of piss sent my stomach lurching upward. I choked
it back, knowing she would force me to eat it back up again if I threw up.

     I was almost finished over an hour later when my dad came back into the
room. "I got another load for you fuckpiece." he grinned, pulling his cock out.
"You want me to dirty up the tub again or you want to take it straight."

     I looked up at him exhaustedly.

     "Open your mouth whore!" he ordered.

     I opened my mouth wide and he directed his steam of piss into it. I
swallowed as fast as I could, but his piss filled my mouth and began spilling
down my chest. I gurgled faster, trying desperately to drink it all down so the
tub wouldn't get dirty again.

     My mouth had long since become almost immune to any taste. The inside was
like a wrinkled prune. He finished and shook his cock at me, so some drops flew
into my face, then he nodded and went out. I licked away at the tub, finishing
the cleaning.

     They let me sleep in their bedroom that night, on the floor. I heard my
mom's groans as my father stuffed his cock into her and fucked her for almost
half an hour. The sounds of sex sent heat through my tender pussy mound. I
reached my hand down and rubbed my cunny to an orgasm as they fucked above me.

     My dad woke up once during the night and jerked me to my knees so he could
stick his cock up my asshole. He fucked his pigsticker up my anus with fast,
forceful strokes until his seed exploded out the end of his cock and up into my
guts.

     The next day it was still too cold for me to go outside. My dad put me
against the living room wall and chained my wrists way up above my head. I had
to stand on my tiptoes to keep some of the strain off my wrists, arms and
shoulders.

     After a while my ankles and toes started to cramp up something fierce and
I had to let more and more pressure fall on my arms. The pain started to build
up as the morning passed. My shoulders and wrists throbbed with agony.

     After what seemed like hours, my father appeared. He stood back to admire
my taut, strained body. His hands slid down over my breasts, cupping them
roughly, then squeezing his fingers together with more force, and twisting my
titties and nipples like little dials.

     He dropped to his knees in front of me and slid his face against my
crotch. His tongue started to li k up and down my pussy slit. He pulled my legs
apart to get his whole face up against my groin, and this pulled my feet
completely off the ground.

     Pain flared higher in my wrists and shoulders. His nose rubbed back and
forth against my clit as his tongue darted in and out of my pussy hole. His
tongue lapped all along the thin slit, then slid underneath me to slide around
against my asshole. His hands cupped my buttocks, squeezing them repeatedly as
he pushed my legs further apart.

     I groaned from the duel sensations of pain and pleasure as he worked my
pussy mound over. He worked me up higher and higher, till I was closing onto
the edge of a tremendous orgasm, then he stopped.

     He let my legs fall back to the floor and got up and walked away. I
whimpered in frustration and need as he went over to the couch and sat down. I
squeezed my thighs together, trying to reach the nearby edge of the cliff he
had brought me to.

     He ignored me as I trembled against the wall, sniffling and moaning
piteously. After a while, the burning in my crotch began to settle down, though
it seemed to itch fiercely. My dad came back to me and dropped to his knees
again. His tongue danced around my slit, licking all the way up and down around
the edges, but never going inside.

     Throbbing heat flared up all around my crotch. He ground his face up
against me, bringing me flying towards a climax. Then he stopped again. I cried
out in disappointment and frustration as he backed off again and went back to
the touch.

     I squirmed against the wall, humping my ass cheeks against the smooth
plaster. Tears coursed down my face as I sobbed in woeful loss. In spite of the
pain on my arms, I lifted my feet off the floor and pulled my legs up, crossing
them tightly.

     I squeezed my legs together and brought them up as high as I could, trying
to put pressure on my clitty. Blood pumped through my brain as I gasped in
effort and exertion. The pain in my arms shot down through my chest, making it
hard to breath.

     My dad came over again, and I whined in anticipation, but instead of
helping me, he tied leather restraints around my ankles and then hooked them
way up above my head near my wrists. They were tied against the wall so my legs
were spread wide apart. My pussy mound and asshole were completely open and
exposed to view. He grinned at me and then kissed me on the forehead.

     "Well, I have to go out and fix the east fence." he said. "I'll see you
when I get back." his fingers brushed lightly along my slit as he left, sending
a huge surge of electric heat through my body.

     He went away and left me like that, sobbing and whining in my desperate
need. The fiery ache in my loins lowered in intensity but continued to throb
constantly.

                         Another File Downloaded From:

                               Nation of Thieves
       ÉÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ»
       ³ Node  ³ Phone Num.   ³ BBS Name (With Optional ASV & GSA)     ³
       ÌÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¹
       ³    1& ³ 423-539-3756 ³Green Hell                              ³
       ³    2% ³ 423-977-9298 ³The Black Knight                        ³
       ³    3^ ³ 423-983-4875 ³The Reaper's Corner                     ³
       ³    4  ³ 423-673-8405 ³Up All Nite                             ³
       ³    5  ³ 423-882-5523 ³Magnum Force                            ³
       ³    6  ³ 423-457-4579 ³Badlands BBS                            ³
       ³    7  ³ 423-687-2475 ³The OK Corral                           ³
       ³    8  ³ 423-369-1103 ³The Mountain BBS                        ³
       ÈÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¼
                   If We Can't Steal it -- We don't Want It!
