
               REPOST FARMGIRL NC/INC/BEAST/RAPE - FG07.TXT [7/8]

    WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!

   SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/S&M/INCEST/BEASTIALITY/LESBIANISM

                  ********************************************
                      Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
                  ********************************************
          If there's any nasty thing a girl can do it's in this story.
          Our heroine is a young farm girl mad for sex. She gets it,
          and is punished for it by a variety of people including mom
          and dad. This may be the only story ever to appear on a.s.s.
          in which a girl is gang raped by a pack of dogs... and loves
          it.
                    ****************************************

                                   Part Seven
                                By Dark Dreamer

     I hung there for long minutes, mewling and sobbing in pain, making strange
little sounds, and trying to somehow bring my cunt that last tiny bit of the
way to an orgasm so I could have some relief from the burning, pulsing heat.

     My mother finally became annoyed enough about it to do something. A few
seconds manipulation of my clitty would have shot me into orbit. Instead she
brought out a thick leather belt. She stood before me, eyeing my desperate
condition with a sneering look of satisfaction.

     Then she brought the belt whirling down from overhead and smacking right
into the center of my crotch. I screamed as the leather cracked painfully
against my splayed out pussy. Pain and pleasure coursed through my veins. My
legs and arms shook and my body was seized by shivering spasm of lust. She
stood still, waiting for me to recover, then reached the belt forward, letting
it slide over my buttocks and down along my asshole and cuntslit.

     "Want me to hit you again slut?" she taunted. "Want to feel this against
your little clitty?"

     My brain pounded with anxiety, fear, and desire. She trailed the belt
alongside my slit, inches away.

     "P... please." I whimpered.

     "What was that sweety?" she smirked.

     "P... p.. please. OH PLEASE!"

     "You want me to whack your little pussy?"

     I nodded my head helplessly.

     "Say it... SAY IT!" she hissed.

     "Hit me." I sobbed.

     "Where baby? Where should I hit you?" she cooed.

     "My pussy!" I pleaded. "Hit my pussy!"

     "How hard sweety pie? I wouldn't want to hurt you." she trailed the belt
up and down my mound ever so lightly. I winced as a ferocious surge of desire
swept through me.

     "H... H... Hhhhard!" I stuttered. "Hard H... HARD! HIT ME HARD !" I
begged.

     She leered mockingly at me and swung the belt down again. It cracked down
against my pussy mound, impacting with a dull splat against my moist pussy
slit. I screamed again and babbled incoherently.

     "H... HHharrdddd! Hit m... me h... hard! Hit me... Hit me... Hit me..."

     She swung the belt again, sending a flaring explosion of heat and pain
through my crotch. She started to whip the belt down harder, and faster. The
cracking whip smashed down, sending a flood of exquisite sensations roaring
through my body. My burning cunt exploded in raging heat and crackling
eruptions of electric shocks.

     Cunt juice gushed down my fuck tunnel and out through my gaping cunt
opening, coating my entire crotch with greasy girl cum. I screamed in ecstatic
release, my mind reeling from the intense bursts of heat. Then she dropped the
belt. My head was flopping dazedly from side to side.

     I looked down and saw her place her fist against my cunt mouth. She leaned
into my cunt as I watched dreamily, fascinated. My cuntmouth spread and
stretched, opening wider and wider. Slowly her fist sank down into my fuck
hole.

     I groaned with the mind blowing feeling of utter fullness as she pushed
her fist down inside me. I couldn't take my eyes off her hand as her fist slid
down out of sight inside my crotch slit. I shivered all over as her wrist
passed my cuntlips and still she continued pushing.

     Her hard balled up fist pushed deeper and deeper. Finally, when her arm
was buried halfway to her elbow, I felt a grating, grinding pain as her
knuckles crushed  up against my cervix. She and I both stared, enthraled at the
sight of my pussy lips gripping her arm. Slowly she pulled it back until the
fist was just inside my pussy, starting to stretch the lips again, then she
rammed it forward again.

     I erupted in frenzied driving cum, as she began fucking her fist in and
out of my guts. I felt her hard knuckles rasping back and forth in my cunt
tunnel. she slammed her fist around inside my belly, driving me to a screaming
writhing, bundle of torn and paralysed nerves, and sending my mind spinning
down an endless hole into senselessness as climax after climax shook my frame.

     It was almost half an hour before I had recovered enough of my senses to
become aware of the pain still shooting through my shoulders and arms. My
mother laughed when she saw I had returned to the world. She tore a feather off
a feather duster she was using and slid the end into my sopping drooling pussy
slit.

     I didn't know what she had in mind from that except maybe a silly taunting
joke, until the air current sin the room started to blow the feather ever so
lightly against my clit and clitty. My reddened aching cunt lips began
twitching against the feather as its ticklish touch reached against them again
and again.

     In another hour I was back in the same shape as before the whipping. I
groaned in renewed need as the feather licked against me. I shook my frame,
trying to dislodge it, but couldn't. I was nearly out of my mind with desperate
yearning lust.

     My Father came into the living room and walked over to me. He looked
surprised when he saw the feather in my cunt, but drew back and laughed loudly.

     "Well, well. How do you feel cunt?" he inquired.

     "Please daddy! Please fuck me!" I begged.

     "You don't sound sincere enough to me." he grinned.

     "Oh GOD! PLleeeasseee please please DADDY! PLEASE FUCK ME !! FUCK ME! FUCK
ME! FUCK ME!!!" I screamed.

     He laughed to himself and then pulled his erection out of his pants. "Is
this what you want little girl?" he leered. He put the tip of his cock less
than an inch away from my cuntslit and I humped my ass up towards it. He pulled
back with a laugh.

     "PLEeaasssse!" I sobbed.

     He seized his cock firmly and placed it against my gaping cunt hole, then
with one brutal lunge, he drove his whole big fuckstick, balls deep in my cunt.
My mind and body screamed in joyous release as my cunt box was stuffed full of
pumping cockmeat. He grabbed my shoulders for leverage and slammed his whole
body against me with furious pounding strokes.

     My body was slammed and bruised against the wall as his big prick sawed in
and out of my cunt. I came furiously. Lust and sex energy raced unrestrained
through my twitching, trembling, jerking body. Blinding bursts of multi colored
light exploded in my brain as my cunt was impaled by the savage fucking prong
of my Father.

     I howled and shrieked in joy and mindless ecstasy as cum after cum flooded
through my body. Crackling electric shocks raced up and down my spine as my
disoriented mind was staggered by repeated blows of furious intense pleasure.

     Then I clenched my teeth against a last overwhelming explosion of cunt
fire and gave a final whimper of pleasure as my mind gave up and slid into
unconsciousness.

     After that, I was allowed to talk, and walk, and act like a human being
again. I was still a sex toy for my parents use. Around the house, I seldom
wore clothes unless they were the most immodest and shameless things
imaginable.

     One of the outfits my dad got me was a tight pair of leather pants with no
crotch or ass. My buttocks were squeezed out into a perfect circle by the tight
leather, and my pussy was lewdly exposed and framed by the crotchless front.

     My dad shaved my pussy hair off so my slit was even more easy to see. The
top of the outfit consisted of a tight leather bikini with holes where the
nipples went so they stuck straight out. Sometimes he would stuff fat rubber
cocks up my cunt or asshole and then clip a tight piece of leather down between
my legs to pull brutally up between my pussy lips and hold them in place.

     Sometimes he would simply tie me from head to foot in all kinds of bizarre
positions and then just leave me for hours and hours. He fucked me at least
five times every day.

     Needless to say, all this was having a big effect on the way I acted
around other people as well. I wore the tightest possible pants I could get
into, pants so tight I had to jerk and yank on them for twenty minutes to get
them closed. The tops I wore were so tight they hugged my bulging titties like
cellophane, displaying my usually hard nipples for everyone to see. The skirts
I wore barely covered my ass cheeks, and I never wore any panties.

     If I was a cockteaser before, I was a real little slut now. The stares I
received got more obvious and my own more blatant. I no longer cared about
getting a reputation at school, and fucked every boy who wanted me, which was
pretty near all.

     I even came on to some of the cuter girls in my class, and some of the
teachers.

     One day alone, I screwed two male, and one female teachers, five boys and
one girl from various classes, and of course my dad. I was a real little nympho
now. I needed sex like a drug addict needed his fix.

     One of the dates I had was with a guy named Jimmie Fox, a nerdy guy from
my math class who got straight A's every year. I had already screwed almost
every guy in my Math class. Jimmie was too shy to ask me out, so I asked him.
He was kind of cute, even if he was really  straightlaced.

     He tended to wear his shirts buttoned up to the throat, even on the
hottest days. He had nice blonde hair though, and a really nice ass.

     We went to a movie where he almost had a heart attack after I slid my hand
into his pants and grabbed his cock. I almost had to drag him to the Sunshine
Motel on the edge of town. I got rooms for free there since I started screwing
the manager.

     Jimmie backed away from me when we were inside, and practicly fell onto
the little sofa. His eyes were bulging as I looked down at him out of slitted
eyes.

     I slid into the chair on top of him. My legs straddled his body as I faced
him. My hot round ass cheeks rubbed against his lap, where I could feel his
erection already blooming. I didn't have any doubt he was a virgin. That didn't
bother me though. I'd had dozens of virgins in the last couple of
months.Teenagers our age seldom got the chance for a good fucking.

     I slid my arms around his neck and leaned down slightly to kiss him. My
mouth touched his gently, my lips sliding back and forth against his. My tongue
snaked out and licked over his lips, and then darted inside, flicking over his
teeth, feeling their sharpness.

     I kissed harder, pushing my lips firmly against his. My tongue slid in
between his slightly parted lips, moistening them, feeling the ridges and
bumps, and the sharp tang of popcorn he'd had at the movie. My tongue touched
his, touching, licking and sliding around against it.

     I squirmed in his lap, my buttocks mashing down against his boner. I could
feel its hardness through the paper thin, silky soft pants I was wearing.  On
dates I wore looser clothes, so I could get out of them fast, and boys could
get their hands into them easier.

     My hands were around him, sliding up and down along his shoulders, his
neck, and over his head. My fingers slid through his hair as I turned and slid
my face around against his. I mashed my tits between us as I pushed myself
against him.

     I moved my mouth against his neck, and licked and bit him softly. I moved
my mouth lower, nibbling against the nape of his neck, then sucked fiercely on
the skin.      My hands undid the buttons on his shirt one by one, without him
even noticing it. When I reached his pants, I pulled the shirt tails out and
undid the final buttons, opening his shirt completely.

     My mouth went down his chest, licking and kissing a soft wet trail. I
lingered over each nipple, sucking them into my mouth, massaging them with my
lips and tongue, and biting them gently.

     My hands slid up and down the soft warm skin of his chest and stomach,
squeezing and rubbing. I grabbed one of his hands and held it with my own, our
fingers interlocking, then pulled it up against my boob and placed it flat
against me.

     His hand rested there as he stared dazedly at my chest. I put my hand on
his and pushed against my boob, flattening it, squashing the fleshy meat out to
the sides. I grabbed his other hand and put it on my other tit. He began to
squeeze me slowly as I kind of sat back and smiled encouragingly.

     I slid my fingers down and popped the buttons as he watched. His mouth was
open and his eyes bulged with intense concentration as I opened my shirt and
pulled it off. A little groan escaped his lips as he stared at my two proud tit
mounds.

     I grabbed his hands, which he'd allowed to fall off, and placed them on my
now naked boobs. He squeezed them again, and I revelled in the soft warmth of
his fingers around my orbs.

     My titties began to swell with desire and my nipples hardened into two
little pebbles. I pulled his face against my chest and he suckled  softly, then
with increasing force on my proud titty. His other hand squeezed harder on my
other tit, squashing and kneading the meaty round orb.

     His mouth was a wet, chewing vacuum cleaner as it sucked ferociously on my
nipple, and roamed across my swollen flesh. I moaned and squirmed around in his
lap more. His hands slid around my waist and hugged me to him as his face
buried itself between my tits and licked and bit my chest.

     He rubbed his face all over my chest and tits, biting and licking and
chewing and sucking. I let him paw and lick on my tits for a few minutes, then
pulled away. I licked a trail down the center of his chest, sliding back off
him so I could lower my mouth down his belly and below.

     I sat next to him on the couch, my hands sliding up and down his body. My
hand popped the catch on his pants and then slid inside. I could feel the heat
and sweat inside there immediately. My hand slid over and around his hot hard
erection and squeezed softly.

     I rubbed him as my mouth licked its way back up his chest and suckled on
his nipples. He gasped and my hand was suddenly soaked in cum. I realized he
had already climaxed. I unzipped him and slid his pants down over his hips.

     He raised his ass up a little and I pulled his pants down and off his
legs. His cock was semi flaccid, and coated in a thin layer of shiny sperm as I
looked down at it. I vent over, licking down his stomach and abdomen and
through his pubic hair. I licked out at the tip of his penis as I reached it.
The taste of sperm was a huge aphrodisiac to me.

     I slid my lips around his cockhead and worked my tongue all over it,
licking and slurping up the cock juice. I fed more and more of his cock into my
mouth and cleaned it off completely.

     Within minutes it began hardening. I felt the cock stiffening and
expanding in my mouth and backed off, giving it room to enlarge. I slid my
mouth around it sideways, mouthing it like it was a flute. I bit gently and
nuzzled at his balls. I raised my head and pulled at his legs, wanting them up
on the couch.

     He quickly obliged, his hardened cock bouncing as he moved over. He was
now lying on the couch, his legs spread wide as I knelt between them. My head
descended again, and I engulfed his cock with my mouth. I slid my lips down the
entire length of the cock until the cockhead was in my throat and his balls
were up against my lips.

     He moaned and humped up reflexively. I slid my hands under him and cupped
his soft buttocks, squeezing them in my fingers. My mouth bobbed up and down on
his cock, soaking it in spit. Then he grabbed at my head and pushed me down all
the way.

     I felt his cock twitching and throbbing in my mouth, and he poured sperm
down my gullet. I pulled upward, wanting the juice in my mouth so I could taste
it better. My mouth continued to work on him.

     My tongue sizzled as it danced up and down and around his cock.It made
obscene sounds as I suckled on his softening cock. I pushed a finger against
his asshole and plunged it inside to the knuckle. Jimmie gasped in astonishment
and pleasure. His cock began to harden rapidly.

     I raised my head and smiled at him. I got off the couch and stood in front
of him posing provocatively. My hands slid down my sides to my pants and then
around to my belly. I rubbed my belly slowly, then slid a hand to the catch of
my pants and popped it open.

     I slowly slid my hand down inside the front of my pants till it was
against my cunt. I squeezed it gently and then began to rub up and down on my
clitty. My eyes closed slightly and my body swayed  as my hand slid up and down
my pussy.

     I pushed a finger inside my slit as I rubbed myself. Jimmie just sat there
staring wide eyed, like a kid who'd just seen Santa Claus. My pants slid slowly
down my legs, exposing my bald cunt and hand. There was another chair facing
his and I backed up and slid into it.

     I was practically lying on my back, my legs spread way wide over the arms
of the sofa chair. My hand slid up and down my pussy slit. I buried another
finger inside, and then a third. Jimmie gaped as I slid the three in and out
slowly began to finger fuck myself.

     My other hand rubbed over my boobs. I looked up at Jimmie and panted,
giving him a desperate look. As if in a trance he rose and padded over to stand
above me. I grunted and humped against my fingers as my first cum approached.

     I threw back my head and moaned long and low, shoving my three fingers
deep inside my pussy slot and squishing my tits between my arms and hand. My
eyes closed as a dizzying array of multicolored lights blazed against my
eyelids.

     When I calmed a little I opened my eyes to see Jimmie still standing next
to the chair, gawking down at me. I spread my arms wide in open invitation, and
he fell forward against me. His hard cock stabbed into my belly as his mouth
and hands raced desperately over my body.

     I grabbed his rock hard cock in my hand and placed it against my moist
cunt opening, then pushed my groin up. The feeling of his cockhead going inside
me made JImmie cry in delight. He pushed his hips down and his cock slid softly
into my sucking cunt sheath.

     When he was buried in me, I threw my legs and arms around him, holding him
tight as we kissed savagely. Then I began humping against him, squeezing him
with my legs. He started pumping down, and his cock slid in and out of my fuck
box.

     His hands caressed my ass and squeezed my buttocks as I did the same to
him. He pulled my groin up against him to meet his fierce thrusts. I whimpered
as the buildup of sexual energy rose higher in my body, overwhelming my senses
with its carnal sensuality and electric flickering shocks.

     I came with a shuddering groan, burying my face into his neck as he pumped
away at me. His balls slapped at my ass cheeks as he fucked away wildly. I came
again. His lips chewed and bit on my titties, his hand squeezed and kneaded my
ass cheeks. His finger slid into my asshole and wiggled around. I came again.

     My cunt mound was a burning throbbing insatiable pit. My vice like tunnel
crushed his prong, squeezing cum juices from it.

     I pushed him off and scrambled around on the chair, kneeling on it and
showing him my ass. He gave a low cry and thrust his cockrod up my pussy from
behind. My legs slipped off the chair and I stood bent way over, my hands on
the chair arms holding me up as Jimmie slammed his groin into my crotch.

     His arms went around me and hugged me in a solid bear hug as he jammed his
cock all the way up my pussy and spewed his cock juice inside my belly. I came
again, and collapsed forward onto the chair.

     Needless to say, I became sort of popular around school, at least with the
boys. Most of the girls wouldn't be seen near me. It wasn't just that they
thought I was a slut. I had also gotten around about how I swung both ways. I
hadn't exactly made a secret about that.

     Several girls had walked into the girl's room to find me and Amy Cooper
locked in a passionate embrace. One of my hands was inside her panties and had
pushed her skirt way up over her belly. It wasn't possible to deny anything
about that incident,and I actually couldn't be bothered trying.

     I kind of liked my slutty reputation. It made life interesting.

     Amy, of course, was now in the same boat as me. She was a real shy girl,
who was scared stiff of boys. She wore these long, sombre dresses around, and
jumped whenever anybody spoke to her. If that somebody was a boy,she turned
seven shades of red and stuttered in reply.

     What the girls had seen in the bathroom was really just another of my
come-ons which the little ninny had been too timid to resist. She hadn't
actually been doing anything but mumbling protests and trying to shove me away
without making me mad.

     Once it got all over the school that she was a dyke, nobody would talk to
her, and the girls gave her nasty little looks and vicious comments whenever
she passed them.

     I felt sort of responsible for that, and tried to take her under my wing.
One day I walked her home from school. It was a nice warm sunny day, and I
detoured us through the Markham woods. I knew she didn't really want to be near
me. She reddened up every time she saw me. I practically had to hold her arm as
we walked, to stop her from fleeing.

     Anyway I got to feeling horny as we walked along the old dirt road. Amy
walked along with her head mostly pointed toward the ground, and she sure
wasn't any conversationalist. My mind wandered, and with me, whenever my mind
wanders, you can be sure there's something sexy there.

     I got to sneaking little peeks at her as we walked, trying to figure out
what she looked like under those old grannie clothes she wore.

     She had a nice, heart shaped face, with dark, reddish hair that curled
down over her shoulders. She was a bit skinny, but not as skinny as me.

     We left the road to shortcut through a tall field of grass and the thought
just hit me to have sex with Amy right then and there. I knew I was acting kind
of like a bully. Amy was actually bigger, and a little older than me, but she
was so shy and timid, a five year old could order her around.. I knew I could
do what I wanted with her, and I wanted to eat her out, to see if I could make
her cum.

     My eyes narrowed and a wicked smile appeared on my face. If Amy had been
looking at me she surely would have wondered...

                         Another File Downloaded From:

                               Nation of Thieves
       ÉÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄËÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ»
       ³ Node  ³ Phone Num.   ³ BBS Name (With Optional ASV & GSA)     ³
       ÌÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÎÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¹
       ³    1& ³ 423-539-3756 ³Green Hell                              ³
       ³    2% ³ 423-977-9298 ³The Black Knight                        ³
       ³    3^ ³ 423-983-4875 ³The Reaper's Corner                     ³
       ³    4  ³ 423-673-8405 ³Up All Nite                             ³
       ³    5  ³ 423-882-5523 ³Magnum Force                            ³
       ³    6  ³ 423-457-4579 ³Badlands BBS                            ³
       ³    7  ³ 423-687-2475 ³The OK Corral                           ³
       ³    8  ³ 423-369-1103 ³The Mountain BBS                        ³
       ÈÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÊÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¼
                   If We Can't Steal it -- We don't Want It!
