          I've got to tell you  about my luscious fiancee. We're  engaged
      to be married  next month,  after knowing  each other  for about  a
      year. Some year! It  didn't take long for  me to realize I'd  found
      the woman of my dreams. My first  wife said I was oversexed, and  I
      told her she was a prude. Cindy is my perfect complement.

          My first clue was when she showed an interest in my video porn.
      My first wife wouldn't THINK of watching an X-rated video with  me.
      Maybe she watched them  by herself, I  don't know. Cindy  evidently
      hadn't seen much video porn, because  she was just amazed. She  sat
      there almost in a trance as women on the screen took enormous dicks
      in every orifice. She'd  stick her hand down  between her legs  and
      openly rub her  furry crotch  as she  watched. She  took a  special
      delight (like I  do) in  spectacular come shots.  She'd go  "Ooooh"
      whenever  a  powerful  spurt  shot  across  the  screen  onto  some
      starlet's ass,  face, tits,  or  pussy. Before  long, it  became  a
      regular Saturday night routine  for us to lay  on the rug  watching
      either a new rental or one of our old favourites. Often, we'd  turn
      the sound down, so we could maximize our participation.

          She'd watch  the screen  while some  babe stroked  some  really
      heavy timber, and meanwhile,  she'd be stroking  mine, in step.  My
      dick looked as  big and  stiff as any  dude's on  the screen  after
      watching him get head as Cindy slurped and nursed on my dick. She'd
      cup and squeeze my swollen balls, and sometimes stick her finger up
      my ass to stroke my  prostate. I can't take  too much of that,  and
      before long,  each of  her  strokes is  accompanied by  a  powerful
      squirt of my sperm, shooting all  over her face, open mouth,  neck,
      and breasts. She  times her strokes  with my spurts  to get it  all
      out. After this, she licks  my dick clean, and  I lick all the  big
      splashes of my sperm off her beautiful face and tits.

          Then, one  night, as  we watched  a real  'dripper,' with  come
      shooting all over the screen, she asked me if I'd like to watch her
      getting it on with someone else. It surprised her when I smiled  in
      delight and simply replied: "Male or female, any time, any  place."
      Two weeks later, we  had our 'special' Saturday  night all set  up.
      She told me  she'd placed  some ads  in swinger  magazines and  had
      scouted some local male strip  joints. Saturday evening she  showed
      me a new outfit she'd bought. She came out of the bathroom  wearing
      a tiny little babydoll that was so scanty and tight, it showed  off
      all her charms.  Just a  little string came  up the  back, so  both
      beautiful cheeks of her  ass were exposed.  When she turned  around
      and bent over to  show me the  split crotch, I  got behind her  and
      started nuzzling my stiff dick  around the opening. She stopped  me
      though, just as  I'd worked the  swollen head of  my dick into  her
      dripping little fig. She  said she wanted me  to save it, and  that
      she wanted  her first  load of  sperm  that night  to come  from  a
      stranger. My dick got twice as hard when I heard her say that.

          Imagine my surprise when  THREE guys show up.  She said one  (a
      black guy)  answered  the  magazine  ad, and  the  other  two  were
      strippers from a local  club. She introduced me  to all three,  and
      suggested we go  right to the  bedroom and get  started. The  three
      guys started undressing  as we  all trouped into  the bedroom.  All
      three of  them  were  young  (in their  twenties,  I'd  guess)  and
      extremely well built. "Now remember,"  Cindy said, as she  crouched
      on the bed with her gorgeous ass  in the air and her visibly  moist
      pussy split  open, "you  guys  promised to  give  us lots  of  come
      shots!" I  undressed too,  and took  my spectator's  position in  a
      chair. First, one of the strippers eased in front of Cindy, on  his
      knees, with his semi-erect dong banging  on her chin. She took  the
      big truncheon by the root and  directed the fat mushroom head  into
      her red-painted  mouth. The  second stripper,  another young  white
      kid,  knelt  next  to  her   head  and  started  feeding  his   big
      salami to her, rubbing it across her nose and cheeks. She let go of
      the first dude's dick for a minute. By now, it was board- stiff and
      the enormous  head  had a  shiny  coating of  Cindy's  slobber.  He
      stroked it as Cindy gave some  attention to the second dick in  her
      face.

          It was then that I'd noticed  the black guy had just come  into
      the room, and stripped his shorts off. What tumbled out nearly made
      me fall out of  my chair. He had  absolutely the longest,  thickest
      penis I  had ever  seen before  or since.  My own  dick doubled  in
      stiffness just looking at it, and  realizing that soon it would  be
      sliding back and forth in my fiancee's pussy. It was a foot long if
      it was an inch,  black as a  cobra, and covered  with a network  of
      big, bulging  blood vessels.  The shaft  was as  big around  as  my
      wrist, and the head was as big as a small apple, and bright red. As
      with all  such massive  dicks,  it sort  of  hung down  instead  of
      straight up, even when pumped up  full of blood. Cindy looked  over
      her shoulder and told  the guy (his name  was Carl) she  especially
      loved black dick  and wanted him  to fill her  dainty little  white
      pussy with  lots of  thick  come, so  her  boyfriend could  see  it
      running out of her. She looked over  at me and smiled. I just  kept
      stroking my painfully  stiff dick,  which by  now had  a stream  of
      clear sap drooling out  the end. Hearing  this, he started  rubbing
      the big swollen cap around her  pussy lips until it was shiny  with
      her come, and  then ever-so-slowly started  easing this big  horse-
      dick into her pussy. At first it looked as if nothing so big  would
      ever get into her, but after she wriggled her butt around for a few
      minutes, they had worked about eight  inches of it in her. I  could
      see her bright pink pussy lips  stretched to the limit around  this
      monster dick, which was as big around as my wrist. A white glaze of
      her come coated that part of  his dick that was still visible.  She
      was in ecstasy, and I couldn't wait to see Carl ejaculate..

          When she felt one of the white guys she was fellating was about
      to come (he was  gasping and panting), she  told Carl to stop  (his
      dick was deep in her vagina).  She stroked the stripper's big  dick
      and flicked her tongue lightly over  the pee-hole. That did it.  He
      shuddered, and then big gobs of his sperm shot out of his dick  all
      over her tongue and  lips. Seeing this set  the other guy off,  and
      soon he was  shooting long creamy  streamers of his  own sperm  all
      over her cheeks and  face. Cindy was moaning  as the hot spurts  of
      semen jetted all  over her face  and mouth. She  milked both  dicks
      with her hands  until the jets  subsided. Then, without  uncoupling
      from Carl's  big dick,  she rolled  over onto  her back.  I  didn't
      realize it,  but watching  the other  two guys  ejaculate all  over
      Cindy's face had  made Carl start  coming, too. It  was strange  to
      watch her reach down  and ease his enormous,  swollen penis out  of
      her, and see some  cream already leaking out  of her vagina at  the
      same time that big, thick ropes  of semen were leaping out the  end
      of his dick. She directed the heavy spray with milking hand-strokes
      as Carl just tilted his head back and closed his eyes. I think even
      the two white guys  were amazed to watch  him empty his balls  onto
      Cindy. He  seemed to  come forever.  The spurts  were  tremendously
      powerful, (I counted nine of them) and there was so MUCH semen,  we
      wondered where it all came from. Cindy's whole crotch was  drenched
      in no time, and the opening of her pussy was totally hidden, buried
      beneath a thick, lumpy mass of Carl's creamy-white sperm.  "Jeezus,
      honey, do you believe this? Look  at all this COME!" She stuck  her
      fingers in her crotch and brought them out covered in pearly semen.
      The stuff  was  incredibly  thick,  too. She  licked  it  from  her
      fingers. Her vulva looked as if  a whole battalion had just  fucked
      her. We later  found out  that Carl  had a  lucrative sideline.  He
      "catered"  private,  ladies-only  parties,  where  everyone  got  a
      generous "sperm  facial," and  those who  dared actually  got  that
      mule-dick to  go  off  inside  them.  Rumor  had  it  that  Ralph's
      incredibly productive testicles produced enough cream to satisfy  a
      dozen happy  pussies each  session. I  tried to  picture all  these
      young Jewish yuppy housewives, kneeling in a circle, while  getting
      their faces  drenched in  buckets  of this  young black  guy's  hot
      sperm. To a woman, they all swore that Carl's semen did wonders for
      their complexions, and even smoothed out wrinkles. Cindy (who  took
      a few 'facials' herself) said some women even offered him a hundred
      dollars for just an  ounce of his  sperm, so they  could mix it  in
      with their other lotions and unguents at home.


