Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



                        "Fill it to the Rim!"
                         by Rich Humus

My wife and I have a very giving relationship. She gives me her ass,
and I give her jewelry. Well, it's not quite that simple. A few years
ago, we worked out a plan whereby she can have any piece of jewelry
that catches her eye, so long as she "earns" it a special way. And
she's a jewelry freak from the word 'go', let me tell you. Of course,
those rubies and emeralds and diamonds DO look good on her when she's
dressed to kill, so I can't really complain. And I pull in enough
money so that's not really the problem. We just decided that I could
satisfy my kinks and she could satisfy her lust for gems at the same
time.

It all started one day when we where shopping downtown, and she
spotted a ruby-studded bracelet in a shop window. She just had to have
it, and wouldn't take no for an answer. Now, it's always been very
difficult for me to deny her anything, especially when she looks up at
me with those dreamy blue eyes and lets her yellowed-blonde hair fall
over her face. I looked down at her and laughed.

"Ok, Ok, stop begging. You can have it. But you have to earn it."

"I'll do anything, anything. What do you want, breakfast in bed, a
fancy steak dinner, a night out with the boys, anything, just say the
word."

I grabbed her around the waist. "Actually, a night out with the boys
doesn't sound bad. But I want YOU to have it, not me."

"What! Me? What're you talking about, you sex fiend?" She knew my
leanings well.

I explained what I wanted. At first, her eyes widened and I think she
almost pulled out of the deal, but then I saw her steal a glance at
the bracelet again, and then notice some of the other pieces in the
window, and the little gears in her head started whirring.

"You mean, if I want any piece of jewelry, ANY piece, that's what I
have to do?"

"That's it. It's not impossible. It may not be the regular way to earn
a gift like that, but we're talking a couple thousand a pop, aren't we
now?"

"Hmmmmm." She bit her lower lip and her eyebrows furrowed. "You'll
take care of all the details? They've got to be clean."

"Think I don't know that? I'd never risk a hair on your pretty little
head, you know that."

Finally, she nodded. "OK. I'll do it."

"What piece do you want first?"  She pointed at the ruby bracelet.

"I still want that bracelet first."

"OK. But you get it afterwards. And if you fail, it goes back. After
we clean it, of course. You wait here."

She agreed. I went in and bought it, slipped it into my coat pocket
and joined her back out in the street.

Later that week,  I set it up. I have a friend who runs a club in the
next town, and he was only too glad, once I offered him $1500 for the
use of his club for one night , to set it all up for us. I had a
notice printed up with a "signup sheet" which he passed to his regular
customers and any others he knew could be trusted with the knowledge.
The club would be closed to the general public, of course. Only
"approved guests" were to be admitted. The wheels were in motion.

I built a small tray out of clear plexiglass to hold the bracelet. It
was just large enough to fit in, laying perfectly flat and stretched
out. I also rented a portable testing machine to run the guys through.
We've always been careful in that regard, I must say, even though our
usual choice of volunteers is not in a high risk group. You just never
know.

Finally, the appointed night arrived. We drove over to the club in the
Jag, and I held the bracelet in its' little "canoe" on the console of
the car. Even in the dark, you could see the gems sparkle and glimmer
in the overhead street lights. I rubbed Gwen's thigh.

"Nervous?"

"A little. Fuck, you know what you're asking me to do."

"Yeah. But it's not like it's the first time."

"First time for this many."

"After the first dozen or so you probably won't even feel them."

"The hell I won't!" she grinned.

The club was set up just like I'd asked. Dan had also had the bench
built, to my spec's. It was a padded affair, with one side about six
inches higher than the other, about two feet wide and four feet long.
The chrome eyebolts at the bottom of the back legs and the front of
the padded top gleamed in the lights. The padded part was trapezoidal,
wider at the back than the front, like a truncated triangle, and about
three feet off the ground. I held Gwen's hand as we went up to it. I
started taking off her clothes as I talked.

"You all know why we're here. You also know the rules. No rough
stuff." Her blouse came off. "You get five minutes apiece. If you
aren't finished by then, you go back to the end of the line and wait
your turn. If you're up to it, you can go as many times as you like."
Then the bra. Her breasts shone with a light sheen of sweat. I tweaked
one nipple. It rose to the occasion. "No substitution. Your dicks only
go in one hole tonight. If she say's you're in the wrong hole, out you
go." I dropped her skirt to the floor. I could sense the anticipation
building. "If you need help, you can go around front, but that's only
for getting it hard." I tugged her panties down over her stockings. I
didn't know how long the thigh-highs would stay up, but I thought they
looked sexy on her. She kept her heels on. I led her to the bench and
bent her over it. I attached the cuffs on the back legs to her ankles,
and each wrist was chained to an eyebolt on the padded top. She was
bent over it, her ass in the air, her upper body bend over at an
angle, her arms outstretched. She was almost ready to go.

I reached into my pocket for the lube, unscrewed the top and placed
the end of it at her anus. Squeezed.

"Ahhhhh"  Gwen groaned slightly. "It's cold!"

"Ok, who's first?"

The first man stood up behind her, dropped his pants and slowly slid
his cock into my wife's rectum. Oh, she's got a great asshole, let me
tell you. She knows just how to squeeze it to pull the cum out of your
balls. Silky smooth. I'd say over the years, she's had about three
hundred different cocks in her colon, and her ass is as tight today as
it was when she was sixteen years old and I was the first cock she
took up her hershey highway.

I watched the guy fuck her. He pushed into her over and over, and I
heard her grunt each time he bottomed out. His cock came out shiny
each time. I'd given her four complete enemas that afternoon, so I
knew she was as clean inside as she could be. By the last one, the
water ran out clear as it went in.

The first guy came in her ass with a groan and a sigh. He turned to
me, winked and pulled out, making way for the next guy in line. I
looked around the club. There were about seventy or eighty guys there
so far. One of Dan's waitresses was administering the blood tests to
each guy as he signed up. She was also a nurse, so I knew she knew
what she was doing.

I turned back to watch my wife get her ass fucked. I think she came
during the fourth or fifth one, I couldn't be sure. After the first
dozen, I waved the line to a halt for a second and walked over to
check her out.

Her asshole was stretched open to about the diameter of a quarter. I
put a finger in and felt around. It was wet and slimy and hot, just
like I knew it would be. I stirred it around and pulled my finger out.
I walked around to the front of her.

"How're you doing?"

"Ummmmmmmmm...." She looked up at me with a glassy, heavy-lidded
glance. "I came. Twice."

"Good." I held the finger out. "Lick."  She opened her mouth, and I
put the slimy finger in. She licked it clean and swallowed.  It was a
taste she'd gotten used to. Luckily for her.

I started the line again.

About forty-five minutes later, she'd had thirty-six guys dump their
loads in her rectum. A good dozen or so had had her suck them hard. I
decided to take a turn. They say familiarity breeds contempt, but the
feel of her ass around my cock only made me feel great. Gwen's got a
great pussy, and gives marvelous head, but give me her ass any time.
She's just that kind of girl that loves to get fucked in the ass. I
know they're rare, but I found one.

The line kept moving. Black, white, brown, they all got a shot at her.
Gwen's ass is an equal opportunity fuck hole.  A couple of them got a
little rough, and we had to calm them down, but for the most part,
they behaved. Hell, they were getting a free assfuck from a willing
woman, they had no reason to be another asshole about it. One guy
tried to stick his finger up her cunt, but she wiggled around, yelled
at him to cut it out, and he did. Gwen's funny that way. I'm the only
guy she'll let up her pussy. I've seen her take half a dozen complete
strangers, truck drivers, delivery men, whoever, up her ass in a row
without complaint. I once watched her give head to and swallow the
loads of nine guys at a party one night, and not one of them ever got
near her pussy. I'm the only one whose ever visited that territory.

By midnight,  she was starting to slosh. Because of some of the guys
taking seconds and even a couple of thirds, I'd lost count after sixty
or so. I even went again.  By now, of course, her sphincter had given
up all hope of closing up for the night. As each guy finished off and
pulled out, you could see the dark tunnel of her rectum, slightly red
around the edges. A small stream of white dripped out occasionally,
pulled out by a retreating dick. No doubt about it, she was filling
up.

By the time two o'clock rolled around, there was hardly anybody left
who hadn't cum at least once in her ass, and like I said, there were a
bunch who managed two or more. Each time a guy went up and dropped his
log in her poop chute, she grunted a little less. I'm sure she was
getting sloppy. Hell,  a hundred and fifty ass fucks in one night will
wear anybody out. Finally, I think everybody had a turn. Or two. Or
three. A bunch of the guys had left, but a lot stayed to see the final
act, so to speak.

When there were no more takers, I went up and toweled off Gwen's face.
She had sweated under the lights, even though the guys did most of the
work. I think she came about twenty times, too, from the look in her
eyes.

"Are you ready?"

"...oh fuck...oh fuck....yeah. Goddam, my ass feels like you could
drive a truck up it."

I looked back at it and nodded to her. "Yes, you could. " I unhooked
her wrists and legs. "Don't stand up yet."

We pushed the bench away and I slowly turned my wife to face the
crowd. I showed her the bracelet in its' little clear tray.

"Think you can do it?"

"Shit, it feels like I could float a freakin' battleship." I smiled at
her use of the word.

"OK, here we go."  I held the plastic tray up against her butt and she
pushed and slowly crouched down.  As expected, a river of semen flowed
out of her overused asshole. It burbled and bubbled out of her,
dripping into the tray with audible plops and squishes. She farted
noisily. That's to be expected, with so much air up inside of her. It
was a treat, watching a fart blow a sperm bubble out of her anus like
that.

She leaked for a full minute, forcing the milky fluid from her lower
intestine. I watched the last few drops leak out, and her anus slowly
closed back shut. I slid one finger in and out to make sure she was
empty.

Then I looked down at the tray with its' oddly juxtaposed cargo -  a
$2600 bracelet submerged by about half a pint of semen.

"Well, looks like you did it. It's covered."

Gwen gave a little squeal of delight.

"Just one last step."

I handed her the tray. She gingerly reached in with one delicate  hand
and pulled the bracelet from its' spermy bath, inspecting the fluid
carefully. She looked me in the eye. I nodded. She turned to the crowd
and slowly raised the tray to her lips.

It took her five swallows, but she got it all down.


The End


PS : the bracelet looks fantastic on her. Remind me to tell you one
day how she earned the pearl necklace....


--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
