Archive-name: Bestial/filly.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Filly, The


      She was out in the far field when I arrived.  A honk of the truck's
horn got her attention, and she came running to the fence to greet me.  It
was a crisp winter's afternoon, and her breath misted in the cool air.  It
was obvious that she had been playing in the new-fallen snow, as her coat
was simply covered in the icy white stuff.  I opened the gate and walked up
to her.  We exchanged greatings and headed towards the warmth of the barn.

      Thankfully the barn was heated.  It had been quite chilly outside,
though the weather often did get worse than the -20 degrees that it was
today.  The barn was normally kept at 10 degrees, which made it comfortable,
but still cool enough to require using a sweater.  Today, however, I had
turned the thermostat up to a more pleasing 20 degrees.  The sweet smell of
fresh hay impregnated the air, combined with the smells of leather tack,
dust, and most importantly, warm horse.

      The filly sighed contentedly, glad to be out of the chilly nipping
of winter.  She liked playing outside in the snow, but she had been outside
for a few hours while I took care of business in town, and she was getting
tired of it.  Now inside the barn, she relaxed more, and looked around to
get her bearings.  Noting her empty manger, she nickered softly and nudged
me towards it.  "Hungry, are you?" I asked, knowing the answer.  She
replied with a higher note, like a child who knows that something good is
coming, and is getting excited.  To further prove it, she did a bit of a
dance, showing her increasing excitement.  "I'll be just a moment then" I
told her, as I went to the feed room.  Opening the door released a warm,
wonderful smell of hot mash.  It was her favorite treat, and she became even
more playful as the warm scent drifted toward her.  "Careful," I warned as
I spooned some into her bowl, "It's still hot."  Ignoring me (typical), she
took a large mouthful, and promptly spit it out.  "I TOLD you," I laughed,
"Why do you never believe me?"  She shot me a look and snorted, then
gingerly began to eat, taking a little more care this time.

   While she ate, I took out my set of brushes, and proceeded to groom
her sleek body.  Starting with the curry comb, I brushed off the melting
snow and ice flakes, amd combed out the snags in her mane.  A steel-toothed
mane comb then gently moved through her deep, flowing mane, making it smooth
and soft like silk.  The next brush, the Stiff Dandy, was then used to help
smooth down her coat, and brush out her tail.  Her coat was like the finest
velvet.  It was smooth, soft, and warm to the touch.  She sighed with great
content as I run the brush and my hand down her back, and began rocking
gently side-to-side with the rythem of my brushing.  As I brushed her firm
rump, her tail would flick up and to the side.  This was one of her favorite
parts of grooming, and mine as well.

  As I combed her tail with the Stiff Dandy, her arousal became more
and more obvious.  She finally stopped flicking her tail, and simply held
it up and to the right side, giving me a full view of her perfectly formed
pussy.  Already, faint traces of clear filly-cum were visible.  A slight
touch to the warm lips caused her to shiver, and flex her vaginal muscles.
As nature intended, her pussy "winked" as a result, showing the deep pink
insides, and the swollen clitoris, both now well lubricated as her passion
rose.  My OWN passion was quickly on the rise as well, but I wasn't done
with the grooming yet.  Putting the Stiff Dandy away, I took out the final
brush, the SOFT Dandy, and began brushing her with it.

      Her rocking increased, both in tempo and in force.  She pushed
against me, not enough to knock me over, but enough to assure herself that
I WAS still there.  Her face was the last part to be groomed with the Soft
Dandy.  She lowered he head, allowing me to brush her forlock and aorund
her eyes and ears without stretching.  Having down so, I put the brush
down and stroked her head gently.  Running my fingers to the tips of her
soft ears, I began a slow, messaging rub on the tips.  For some reason,
rubbing the tips of a horse's ears is VERy pleasurable, if down properly.
*I* had a lot of experience with this, and she was soon purring with a deep
"horsey" purr.  As I did so, she began to nuzzle my crotch, knowing quite
well what she would expect.  My own growing excitement and musky scent
further excited her, and she began nuzzling me in earnest.

        I have a reason for wearing for not wearing a belt on these
occasions, and this was it.  Horses are VERY talented with their mouths.
In SOME cases, they are even more dextrous than humans are with their hands.
But a belt is beyond them, after all, even humans need TWO hands to do up
a belt.  At any rate, with out the incumberance of a belt, it did not take
her long to pull the top button open, and then by simply pulling on the
fabric, to open the zipper of my fly.  Another tug dropped my jeans to my
ankles, and I stepped out of them.  My cock was now straining to be
released, and she was quite aware of it.  But now it was HER turn to tease.

      She breathed deeply on it, nestled in my jockey shorts (very
appropriate, don't you think?) causing ME to sigh with desire.  She then
nuzzled some more, brushing her velvetity nose and hot breath against me
through the thin fabric.  The combination of her breath and my own pre-cum
was making my crotch moist, and increasing the musky scent.  That she now
began licking me through the fabric did little to improve the situation.
But now she seemed to have contented herself with the teasing, as she gently
gripped the elastic waistband, and pulled the shorts down.  My penis sprang
to full erection, and she paused, and if measuring me up.  She seemed
satisfied, and began to nuzzle me again.  The smooth feeling of her velvet
muzzle against my balls drove me deeper into extacsy.  She knew this, and
began to gently lick at them, warming them with her breath.  Finally, she
eased her tongue and mouth over the tip of my cock, and slowing began to
suck on it.  She was incredibly gentle, never once did I feel her teeth,
only the powerful and wonderful sucking.

      She stopped, and lay down, stretched out in the warm straw.  Her
nipples were clearly visible, and hard.  Though she had no foal, her udder
was enlarged, yet currently without milk.  She enjoyed having her nipples
rubbed, and in the course of time, this had stimulated her growth.  She now
motioned towads them, and I knew what she had in mind.  Lying in the 69
position, she took my cock into her mouth agian, and I began to swirl my
tongue around her nipples.  Her sighs of delight told me she was really
enjoying this.  Her nipples were not unlike those of human females in size
and texture, but they WERE considerably firmer and warmer to the touch, two
attributes that I especially like.  A wet smacking sound reminded me that
her warm, moist pussy had not yet had any attention.

      Crawling behind her, I slipped a finger into her, while reaching
between her legs to continue massaging her nipples.  Her pussy lips flexed
again, and she sighed with pleasure.  Removing my finger, I licked the warm
juices from it.  Despite waht some may think, a mare is no different from
a human female, except that instead of smelling "fishy" they smell like
fresh cut hay..a CONSIDERABLE improvement in MY opinion.  Reaching
forward, I replaced my finger with my lips, and began kissing her gently.
This resulted in more erotic quivvering and flexing.  Slipping my tongue
into her, I began to swirl it around her swollen clitoris.  A wave of heat
and moist pussy juices came forth as she reached her first climax.  Her
entire body shuddered, and she nickered her delight.  She had the most
perfect pussy I had ever gone down on, and I felt I could do this forever.
My cock, on other hand, was beginning to get rather uncomfortable all by
itself.  The Filly now moved into such a position where she was not lying
flat out, nor sitting  or standing up.  This was her "Awake-but-lying-down"
position, and BOTH of our favorite position for what was coming next.

     In this posistion it was possible to look at each other while
making love.  I lay behind her, right hand on her back, left stroking her
left buttock, and prepared to enter her. She had positioned her tail well
out of the way, and positioned herself so that we could both enjoy maximum
penetration with the least strain.  As the tip of my cock touched the lips
of her pussy, she flexed again, open herself wide, and drawing me in.  The
amount of body heat within a horse is indredible, and my lucky cock was
totally encased in the most luxurious pussy imaginable.  Mares have FAR more
muscular control than human females, and she gripped and massaged my cock
with her vagina as I gently thrust in and out.  I felt her near-crushing
grip several times as she reached one orgasm after another.  In this way, I
was jealous of her, as I could only have ONE without having to stop.  But
the knowledge that we were bringing each other such pleasure quickly pushed
the thought from my mind.

   I held out as long as I could, feeling her climax at least five
times as we lay, making love in the soft straw.  Finally, I could hold back
no longer, and as she reached another crushing orgasm, I did all but explode
within her.  We had made love many times, but it had NEVER been as great as
this time.  I felt like I was coming for hours, her grip never letting up,
as I moaned and sighed in perfect harmony with her soft yet exctatic
nickering.  We wer both exhausted by this point, as I crwled back up to her
front.  She lay her head down in my lap as I sat down, and began licking
my fading erection, not wanting to miss a drop.  I stroked her velvety
cheeks gently, as we gazed into each other's eyes.  There was no need for
any words, the eyes told it all.  "I love you" is what they said.

--
