Archive-name: 3plus/finals70.txt
Archive-author: Sexxy Karen
Archive-title: My Freshman Year Sociology Final 1970


 Another TRUE tale by petite SEXXY KAREN of NixPix (303-920-1263)

       My freshman year went pretty well, I'd lost my virginity, been intro-
duced to group sex, and gone to Ft. Lauderdale for an X-rated spring break.
I was doing well in my class work, too, having made the dean's list my first
semester and expected to the second.  But, I overslept on the morning of my
sociology exam and arrived over an hour late for the three hour final.  My
heart sank because my professor had a reputation of being Mister By-the-Rules.
And, the rules were, you turn in your assignments on schedule and you take
your exams on schedule or you get an F.  No makeups.  No excuses.  When time
expired, I'd only completed about two thirds of the exam.

    I went to see my professor to plead my case.  He held to his position -
getting to the exam on time was my responsibility.  I hadn't so I had to
pay the price.  I begged and pleaded but didn't budge him.  Realizing I'd
probably failed a course I expected an A in, I broke down and began to cry.
My professor told me to get a grip on myself but I simple sobbed uncontrol-
ably.  He put his hand on my shoulder and asked how it would look if he let
me retake the exam?  I sobbed that I wouldn't tell anyone if he just gave
me an hour to finish it.  He insisted I would.  I sobbed and he whispered
that he knew a way he could give me the extra time and guarantee I wouldn't
tell anyone.  He told me if I wanted the extra hour to show up at room 12
of a motel about 4 miles from the campus.  I suspected my professor thought
I'd remain silent if I had to "put out" for him.

    He was pretty good looking and I got horny just thinking about sucking
and fucking him.  I prepared for my final by really dolling myself up.  I
wanted to make sure he enjoyed himself..and that I got my extra hour.  When
I knocked on the motel room door, my professor opened it and let me it.  I
was surprised to find a girl named Melissa from my dorm who'd been having
trouble in his class sitting on the bed.  She was apprehensive.  He said he
and his friends wanted to watch us make out.  He asked if we could do that.
Melissa started to shake her head no, but stopped when he reminded her that
she'd fail his course if she didn't.  Now Melissa was one really hot looking
babe.  She was about 5'4" with long blonde hair down to her ass and a really
nice figure with D cup boobs.  My pussy started to get wet thinking of get-
ing a chance to go down on her.

    Soon, four guys arrived and we were told to strip and start making out.
I put my arms around Melissa to hug and kiss her.  She whispered that she'd
never done anything like this before.  I asked her what choice we had and
told her to think of me as her boyfriend.  I snaked my tongue into her mouth
and began to run my hands over her back and down her curvy ass.  I brought
them back up under her top and unhooked her bra.  She stood passively, her
eyes wide open.  I whispered for her to close her eyes as I pulled her top
over her head and removed her bra.  I stuck my mouth to her left boob as if
it were a suction cup.  She moaned and gasped for breath and I massaged both
her grapefruit sized boobs.  She got weak in the knees and I helped he fall
onto one of the beds.  I broke long enough to pull by dress off leaving me
wearing only my hose, shoes, and jewelry.  I tugged at the snap on Melissa's
pants and managed to get them undone.  I tugged them and her panties down to
midthigh and buried my face into her sweet pussy.  She gasped, muttered a
short protest, and finally screamed, pulled my hair as she pushed my head
downward as she bucked her hips upward.  I eagerly ate he copious flow of
nectar and she continued to scream.  Somehow, I managed to spin free of her
grip, pulled her pants and panties off, and got into the 69 position.  She
evidently liked what I was doing to her because she began to do it to me.
Soon, wave after wave of pleasure broke over our bodies.

    When we got back to reality, the five guys were all naked.  One guy
shoved his cock into my face and seemed really surprised that little 18
year old me knew how to swallow it.  Melissa was reluctant to blow the
guys, but after I finished off the first guy, I kissed her with my sperm
coated tongue.  She seemed surprised at the taste but didn't resist when
I guided her to help me doublehead the guy who'd wanted her to blow him.
I don't think I'll ever forget those big green eyes lighting up when the
guy blew his load into her mouth.  She eagerly reached for another cock.
When I got my next guy hard, I got onto my hands and knees to let him
fuck me while I sucked Melissa's boobs.  Somewhere along the way, our
professor came over and inserted his cock between Melissa's boobs and
began fucking her tits, while I licked her nipples and his shaft.  The
guy in my pussy shot off and I got up grabbed the cock of the guy she
was blowing, sat on her face and continue sucking where she'd left off.

    Melissa may have never done this before, but she was a natural.  She
had a really hot, wet, slick, fast tongue that got me off several times
in only a few mintues.  And, she seemed to love getting fucked by one
guy while she sucked another.  After all the guys were exhausted, they
sat and watched Melissa and me do each other some more.  We finally
showered and left.  The next day I finished my exam and claimed my A.
I guess Melissa did pretty well on her exam because when the grades were
posted, she got an A, too.

        Freckles
--
