		A Taste For the Finer Things 
		By Ruth Moore
		(c) 1995


*They are Up To Something,* Jean-Luc Picard thought as he sat in his 
Ready Room and looked at the watch schedule that his first officer had 
routed to him. There was nothing in the regulations that said that 
senior officers couldn't take a day off here or there, but to have
Riker, Troi and Crusher all taking the same day off  was suspicious. 
Particularly because the day they wanted off was the captain's
birthday. *If this is a surprise party, I'm going to kill Will. He
knows I loathe surprise parties.* There was no real reason for Picard
to deny the request and if he did they would have a right to know why.
Frowning, he approved the schedule and routed it back to Riker.

In less than a half an hour the chime to the Ready Room door rang. 
"Come," Picard called out and the doors parted to reveal Will Riker. He
looked uncomfortable as he moved to stand in front of Picard's desk. 
"Yes, Number One?" Picard asked at last, breaking the awkward silence.

"Captain, we, the senior staff that is, would like to invite you to a 
formal dinner on your birthday."

"A formal dinner? Not a surprise party?"

"Sir I know you hate surprise parties, I would never do that to you. 
No, this really is a dinner, a real one, no replicators involved."

Picard had a sudden, frightening thought. "Wait a minute, Will. Is 
Beverly one of your cooks?"

Riker laughed. "She's only going to be chopping things; she warned me 
about her cooking." He hesitated for a moment before curiosity got the 
better of him. "Is she really that bad?"

Picard shook his head. "I will not divulge the personal secrets of my 
CMO to my First Officer," he said with mock seriousness. "And I accept 
your invitation."

"Will 19:00 hrs on Holodeck Three be satisfactory?  Also, we were
hoping to make this a non-uniform formal affair."

Picard nodded. "That sounds fine. I'm looking forward to it."

***

Will looked around the Holodeck with pleasure. As always the reality of
the computer's creation amazed him. He could almost believe that if he 
stepped outside the kitchen's back door, he would be standing in the 
alley in North Beach. The kitchen was large but not too large and it
was a prefect blend of modern and traditional. There were several
stasis units, but no replicators; Christina would have died before a
replicator reared its ugly head in *her* kitchen.

Behind him he heard the Holodeck doors open and he turned to see 
Beverly and Deanna looking around. Both of them were dressed in 
comfortable looking casual clothes. They had identical sly smiles on
their faces and Will looked at them with some concern. "You two look
smug." They exchanged a quick glance.

"Oh we're both in good moods this morning," Deanna said offhandedly. 
Looking around, she continued, "This is fantastic Will. Is this your 
dream kitchen?"

"One of them. When I was at the Academy, I spent my summers busing 
tables  at a North Beach restaurant called Cianci's. It was this tiny
hole in the wall, there were only eight tables, but those tables were
always booked way in advance. In this kitchen three women created the
most amazing meals." He sighed at the memory, then looking a little 
embarrassed, said, "Well shall we get to work?"

"Right," Beverly said. "Knives...sharp knives," she went on in a creepy
little voice, "where are the knives...Beverly want to chop
things...chop, chop, chop."

Deanna giggled and looked at Will. "I should warn you, we were silly
all through breakfast."

Will rolled his eyes. One of them in a silly mood was bad enough, but 
both of them? "Come on, we have a lot of work to do."

"Yes sir, Captain sir," Beverly replied. "Can I be your Number One?"

"Only if I can be Worf," Deanna growled in a rather bad imitation of
the Klingon's deep voice. She looked at Beverly's legs, which were
encased in a pair of skin tight leggings. "Nice legs, for a Human."

Their good humor was infectious; Will looked at both of them with one 
brow raised. "Enough silliness," he said in his best Picard voice.
"There will be no silliness on board my ship."

Deanna saluted Klingon style and Beverly braced to attention. 
"Permission to speak frankly, Captain?" the doctor asked.

"Always."

"Your eyes sir, they're as mysterious as the stars."

"Oh bugger off, Number One." Dropping the accent, Will tried one more 
time. "Can we try to get going here?"

"Oh all right," Deanna said rolling up her sleeves and grabbing an 
apron off a nearby hook. 

Beverly grabbed the other apron and walked up to the counter, 
muttering loudly enough for the other two to hear her. "Bugger off? 
When did he ever say that to you?" She began to laugh. "And if he did, 
what did you do, drop your pants and bend over the desk?"

"Beverly!" Deanna exclaimed.

"What?! Half the people on this ship would, if given the slightest 
opportunity." She looked at Will. "OK, what do you want chopped?"

"Onions," Will replied, pointing to a sack of them on one of the 
counters. "Five of them, chopped coarsely." Realizing what he had just 
said, he couldn't resist adding, "Since you're in such a coarse mood,
it shouldn't present too much of a challenge."

'Ohhh...Deanna, don't you just love it when he's masterful?"

Deanna made a show of rubbing her wrists. "Oh yeah, I sure do," she 
replied in a little girl voice. Will remembered tying her to a bed once
and hoped his face wasn't as red as it felt. This was going to be a
long day.

***

Three hours later, Will was in a better mood. Things had deteriorated
as far as the silliness was concerned, but the work was getting done. 
Beverly had set the tone for the day and as time passed the jokes had 
gotten more and more ribald. It reminded him of the way things had 
been at the real Cianci's, as Christina, Annora, and Vivian cooked and 
traded innuendoes with equal skill. He had usually been the only man 
around and thus was frequently the target of their good-natured 
teasing. By his second summer working for them, he had learned to give 
as good as he got and they had made him part of the family. He smiled 
as he began to work on the custard for the strawberry tarts.

The strawberries had been responsible for the whole plan. Will had been
scouring the marketplace in Dhubaih, the capitol of the agricultural 
colony of Markson's world. He had been looking for a birthday present 
for Picard  and had worried that he would never find the right thing. 
Then he had seen the strawberries in a fruit stall, and remembered that
the captain had told him that his mother had made the best strawberry 
custard tart in the world. The memory had obviously been a good one; 
an uncharacteristically dreamy look had crossed Picard's face. When
Will saw the strawberries, the idea to make not only a tart but a whole
dinner, had sprung full-grown into his mind. He spent the rest of the 
afternoon buying massive quantities of food.  He had then recruited 
Deanna and Beverly to help him, and he was glad that they had 
accepted.

"Here," Deanna said. Will jumped slightly as he came back into the 
present. "What do you think?" She held a bowl of t'sula berry sauce 
that was supposed to go over the stuffed chicken breasts. She held up 
the finger that she had dipped into the sauce and he licked it slowly. 
For some reason, he didn't stop when all the sauce was gone, instead he
took the finger into his mouth and began to scrape his teeth along it. 
Deanna shivered slightly in response, and interestingly enough, did not
pull her finger out of his mouth.

"Hey, can I try that?" Beverly asked. 

Pulling her finger out of Will's  mouth, Deanna transferred the bowl 
from one hand to the other. She dipped the index finger of the clean 
hand into the bowl and held it out. Beverly licked along the finger 
much the same way Will had. Deanna was surprised at her friend's skill 
as Beverly took the finger into her mouth and began to run her tongue 
over it. *I wonder what she's like when she's got a man's cock in her 
mouth?* she thought. She could feel the sexual tension in the room 
heating up and not all of it was from herself and Will. Taking a
chance, she slid her middle finger into Beverly's mouth. Beverly kept
right on licking. 

Watching the two women made Will feel like an intruder. Part of him 
wanted to leave and let them explore one another in privacy and 
another part of him wanted to stay and join in the fun. As he battled 
his indecision, Deanna looked at him and he heard her voice in his
mind. *Don't go Will, both of us want you to stay.* Aloud she added,
"Really, it's all right." Not taking her mouth away from Deanna's
fingers Beverly nodded. Will gladly gave in to temptation.

Taking the bowl of warm sauce from Deanna, he dipped a spoon into it 
and began to coat her hand with the purple sauce. Setting the bowl on 
the counter, he moved to join Beverly in cleaning off Deanna's hand. 
When their mouths met he was delighted that Beverly returned his kiss 
eagerly. Deanna moved behind Beverly and began to unfasten her shirt. 
Once the buttons were undone, she unhooked Beverly's bra, sliding her 
hands around to pull both garments off. She then grabbed the bowl of 
sauce and wormed in between Beverly and Will and began to spoon 
sauce all over Beverly's chest. Will took the hint and moved his mouth 
downward.

Beverly closed her eyes and grabbed the counter for support. The 
combination of Will's mouth on her skin and the feel of the warm sauce 
trickling down her belly was intoxicating. She arched her back as his 
mouth moved lower, following the sauce and doing his best to clean it 
off her aroused nipples. Deanna was kneeling and helping Beverly out of

her shoes and then began pulling  down her leggings and underwear. 
Will took his mouth away long enough to ease Beverly to the floor and 
then he sat next to her and took up where he had left off. She began 
to moan as his tongue moved across her breasts and then lower. Deanna 
had poured more sauce on her and Beverly could feel it running down 
into her already wet mound.

Soon Will was lying on the floor, his face buried between Beverly's 
thighs. The combination of the tart/sweet t'sula berries and her juices
was wonderful, and he eagerly licked it up. He felt her fingers
gripping his hair as she rocked her pelvis forward to bring more of
herself to his attention.

Deanna had rescued the custard and having checked to see that it had 
cooled enough, she grabbed a handful of strawberries and sat down 
next to Beverly. She poured a generous dollop of custard on to her 
friend's chest and then began to drag strawberries through the 
custard. 

Beverly was all ready close to an orgasm and the feeling of the
slightly rough berries running over her breasts and nipples was sending
her closer. She began to moan as Will's tongue brushed across her
clitoris with increasing pressure. Suddenly, Deanna bent and took one
of Beverly's custard covered nipples into her mouth, running her tongue
over it. Beverly let out a shriek as she came, her legs closing around 
Will's head and one hand tangled in Deanna's hair. They both stayed 
with her as she shuddered through two more orgasms and then she 
gently pushed Will's head away.

"My God!" she breathed. "Oh thank you, both of you. I really needed 
that."

Deanna could tell that her friend was feeling a little unsure of what
to say or do next. *Will,* the counselor thought at him. *Let me deal
with this for a moment.* As Will moved out of the way, Deanna bent over
Beverly and kissed her. She deliberately left the pace of the kiss up
to the other woman, ready to back off at the least sign of uncertainty.
What she felt instead was Beverly's mouth opening eagerly under hers. 
Deanna returned the kiss with increasing passion, as Beverly's hands 
moved to the fastenings at the front of Deanna's blouse. Deanna reached
down to help her and between the two of them they got the blouse 
unfastened without breaking their kiss. Will slid the blouse off
Deanna's shoulders and then removed her bra. Beverly's hands began to
move over Deanna's breasts and she pulled her mouth away from Deanna's.
Sitting up, Beverly looked at her friend. "They're so beautiful," she 
said softly. She leaned forward and began to move her mouth gently 
across Deanna's breasts. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she 
realized that she had wanted to do this for a long time. She avoided 
Deanna's nipples as her mouth and hands continued to tease her friend. 
Finally, she moved her mouth up to kiss Deanna again and at the same 
time ran her thumbs across the other woman's already aroused nipples. 

Deanna moaned into Beverly's mouth, shivering as Beverly began to toy 
with her nipples with increasing firmness. Then there was a very odd 
sensation; Will was standing right behind her and he was pouring warm 
Hollandaise sauce over her shoulders and down her breasts. Beverly left
off kissing her friend and looked up at Will with that look of hers,
the one that made her look like an angel with very naughty thoughts. 
Deanna had seen that look directed at Picard and had always marveled 
at the Captain's self control.

"Oh, go ahead," Beverly said. "Just make this irresistible, why don't 
you?. I love Hollandaise, and when it's on something this yummy..." she
let her voice trail off and leaned toward Deanna. She bent toward 
Deanna's ear and whispered, "Relax, Deanna, I'm not going to regret
this or get weird on you." She nibbled on Deanna's ear.

"Who's the Counselor on this ship?" Deanna replied laughing. As Beverly
licked her way down Deanna's shoulders, Deanna looked up at Will. 
"Think you can help me out of the rest of my clothes?...aahhh..." she 
moaned as Beverly's tongue found one of her nipples. Will knelt behind 
Deanna and helped her remove her skirt and shoes. Then his fingers 
began to unbraid her long dark hair. As Deanna moaned louder because 
Beverly was nibbling one of her nipples, Will began to run his fingers 
up her spine. 

*God this is incredible!* Beverly thought. *She's so responsive.* She 
thought about the confidences they had shared and smiled around 
Deanna's nipple. Bringing her hands up, she pushed Deanna's breasts 
together, moving both nipples within range of her mouth. Carefully, she
began to bite a little. Deanna began to make more noise and Beverly, 
encouraged, bit harder, running her tongue over the nipples in between 
bites. She suddenly felt Deanna's hands in her hair.

Deanna was reeling. She could feel Will behind her, his strong hands
the only thing that kept her from falling backwards. She vaguely 
remembered having told Beverly about just how sensitive her nipples 
were, but that memory was fading as her body strained toward its 
release. "Oh Goddess..." she cried out. "Harder, Beverly...please..."
Then, as Beverly bit harder, Deanna screamed and came. She could feel 
Beverly's pleasure at being able to bring on the climax, she could feel
Will's delight at the way she looked and she opened up her mind and 
sent her own feelings back to them. Panting, she relaxed against Will's
chest, cradling Beverly's head against her breasts.

They stayed like that for a few moments and then Beverly moved her 
mouth up to kiss Deanna again. Once more, her mouth sought her 
friend's ear, "Will has way too much clothing and not nearly enough 
food on, don't you think?

Deanna giggled and moved to whisper into Beverly's ear. "Let's gang up 
on him. He's a big boy, he can take it." She suddenly bit Beverly's 
earlobe, enjoying the way her friend gasped. Deanna put off ganging up 
on Will for a moment as she began to nibble on Beverly's neck. *Such a 
gorgeous neck,* Deanna thought, not realizing that she was projecting. 
Beverly jumped in her arms, pulling back to stare at her.

"Thank you," the doctor said, looking at Deanna with surprise. "Did you
just...?"

"It happens," Deanna explained. "We're already close and the physical 
intimacy is often a catalyst." *Now what were you saying about Will?*  
Their eyes met and then they both turned quickly and attacked Will.

Will was startled when they rushed him. Not that he would dream of
trying to struggle, of course. Within seconds, they had pulled all his
clothes off. Deanna sat on his chest and looked at Beverly, who began
to laugh. She moved to grab the bowl of Hollandaise sauce and poured a
generous helping of it down Deanna's stomach watching as the pale
yellow sauce ran into Deanna's dark pubic hair.

"You know," Beverly remarked. "I could really get into this food
thing."

"I've always liked it," Will said. He slid his hands over Deanna's hips
and pulled her toward his mouth. "Mmmmm..." he murmured as she
straddled his face. He began to lick the Hollandaise off of her,
thinking that Beverly had been inspired; Deanna's own salty taste went
so well with Hollandaise. He quickly remembered what she liked,
caressing her hips as he alternated between nibbles of her labia and
hard flicks of his tongue across her clitoris. He could feel her
pleasure growing and tried to let her feel his own enjoyment of what he
was doing.

Beverly watched for a moment and then had a quick thought. She moved 
quickly around the kitchen collecting the things she needed out the
various stasis units. As soon as she had what she wanted, she moved
back to the couple on the floor. Even if she hadn't been able to see or
hear what was going on, she would have known. Her link with Deanna was
enough to feel her friend's approaching orgasm. She quickly straddled
Will's chest behind Deanna and began to run her nails up Deanna's
spine. A second later Deanna screamed out and shook with the intensity
of her climax. Beverly could feel the waves of pleasure as they moved
through Deanna. She moved off Will's chest to the floor and slid her
hands between her own legs. All it took was a few practiced flicks of
her fingers over her clitoris and she felt her own orgasm roll over
her.

Feeling Beverly's climax was enough to send Deanna over the edge again.
Will concentrating all his efforts on her clit as she shrieked and
closed her thighs around his head. As soon as she was done, he moved
her down to his lap and sat up, holding her close and gently kissing
her while she recovered. They turned to look at Beverly who still had
her hand buried between her thighs. She gave them that naughty look and
raised the hand to her mouth. "Mmm..." she murmured around her fingers.
"Will, I think you missed some t'sula berry sauce." 

Will and Deanna looked at one another just a little surprised and
Deanna distinctly heard Will's thought. *The Captain is an idiot.* She
glared at him and he shrugged. *How 'bout we cover her with custard and
strawberries and give her to him as a birthday present? It will sure
beat Mamman Picard's tarts.*

Beverly looked at them curiously. They were in communication, she could
tell that much. Deanna looked at her apologetically. "Will is being
rude."

"Good," Beverly said, laughing. "If he weren't, I'd have to haul him
off to Sickbay. 'Oh, I'm so sorry, Captain' " she said in her best
professional voice. " 'Will's terribly ill. He was with two naked women
and he wasn't thinking rude thoughts' " She moved into a flawless
imitation of Picard, " 'Good Lord, Doctor, will he recover?' 'Oh yes
sir, but it will take a lot of therapy, I may need Counselor Troi's
help.'  'Make it so.' " Her laughter finally got the better of her. "I
*do* have a sense of humor, you know."

"Oh," Will said sarcastically through his and Deanna's laughter. "Is
that what you call it?"

"You're laughing, you twit." She looked at Deanna and it was Will's
turn to wonder what was being said. He hoped desperately that Deanna
wasn't telling Beverly what he had said. Deanna began to laugh again.

"Oh Beverly, you're terrible!"

"Come on Deanna, tell me he won't love it. Lie back and relax Will,
this won't hurt a bit." She gave him a sideways glance and smiled.
"Trust us."

"Do I have a choice?"

"Not really," Deanna said, pushing onto his back. "You know what they
say Will, when food is inevitable, you might as well enjoy it." Beverly
tossed her one of their shirts and Deanna draped it over his head. "If
you promise not to pull it off, I won't tie it on."

Will thought about it for a moment and then relaxed, stretching his
arms out in surrender. "Be gentle." The women laughed and he wondered
what he was getting into. He nearly jumped out of his skin as he felt
something incredibly cold and wet against his neck. It was an ice cube
or something frozen and he yelped as it moved down his neck. The icy
trail was followed by a warm tongue and he shivered at the sensation.
He realized that he had no idea whose mouth was on him and he decided
that he liked the mystery. Then, as he had known it would, the ice cube
brushed across one of his nipples. "Unnhhh..." he groaned. His cock,
which had seemed hard enough earlier, got even harder. The mouth then
covered his nipple, teeth nibbling gently. Suddenly, the ice cube
brushed over his other nipple, followed by the mouth. They (or she)
alternated between his nipples and he clenched his fists in an effort
not to try to reach out for one of the women. This was their game and
he knew that if he was patient, the rewards would be worth the wait.

*That's right, Will. Believe me, she may look like an angel, but she's
diabolical. You're going to love this.*  Deanna's mental voice was
edged with laughter, but it wasn't cruel.

The mouth left his nipple and then there were two ice cubes, one on
each nipple. It was just starting to be painful, when they were gone.
Then something hot dripped where the ice cubes had been and he could
smell garlic. "Ohhh God..." The feeling of the heat after the cold was
incredible; he couldn't remember ever feeling anything like it before.
Then the heat was dripping down his chest and the mouth was back,
following the trail of...garlic butter, that's what it was. Just as he
was sure that they were about to drench his aching erection with the
stuff, it stopped. He groaned in frustration and someone giggled. A
cool finger brushed ever so lightly across his cock and then was gone
as was the mouth. He lay there hearing faint whispers as they discussed
something. There was another giggle, and then a pair of very warm, very
slippery hands began to caress his cock. The hands and the heat were
wonderful and he could feel his control beginning to slip away.

Deanna mouthed the word "stop' at Beverly, who immediately pulled her
hands away. They looked at one another. Deanna couldn't believe how
much fun this was. She had teased Will before but she had never enjoyed
as much as she was now. She nodded at Beverly, who had taken the
opportunity to cover her hands again with warm garlic butter. Beverly
gestured at Will's erection and Deanna "heard" her.

*Nice. And I just love garlic.* She grinned as her hands began to
caress him again. She licked her lips and looked at Deanna. *He's
pretty close, isn't he?* Deanna nodded and moved back up to Will's
chest. As Beverly lowered her head, Deanna picked up an ice cube.

Will groaned as a pair of knowing lips moved down his erection. He was
pretty sure that it wasn't Deanna, but he really didn't care. There was
a tongue sliding across the head of his cock and then a warm mouth
enveloped him. He groaned again as the mouth began to move and he was
moving closer to the pint of no return as Beverly (he was sure it was
Beverly) moved her tongue along the underside of his cock while she
sucked him. Just then the ice cubes brushed across his nipples. "OH
GOD!!" he yelled out as he came, his hips lifting off the floor. He
seemed to come for hours and the mouth around him stayed with him until
he finally finished. He lay unmoving as both women quickly snuggled up
next to him. As soon as he was able to move again, he pulled both of
them close. A hand gently pulled the shirt off of his face and he saw
Beverly looking at him. Her lips were shiny and she licked them.

"That was...amazing. Thank you...both of you...that..." he was cut off
by the sound of a buzzer. "Oh shit!  Computer turn the oven off."  He
moved to get to his feet, but Deanna shook her head.

"Computer, convert the oven into a stasis unit," Deanna said Beverly
started to protest, but the computer cheeped and she and Will stared as
the oven shimmered and was replaced with a stasis unit.

"I didn't know it could do that," Beverly said.

"Well now you do." Deanna rose to her feet and went to a wall. "Arch,"
she said. Will and Beverly sat on the floor and watched as she
hurriedly ran her fingers over the console. The whole room shimmered
and suddenly they could no longer see her. They were in a light airy
room furnished mostly with cushions and soft mats. The door behind them
opened and Deanna strolled through carrying a large box that she put
down just inside the door. As the door closed they could hear the
sounds of the kitchen and three female voices laughing as pots and pans
rattled.

"What the hell?" Beverly asked. 

Will began to laugh. "You brought up the three ladies." At Beverly's
look of confusion, he explained. "Christina, Annora and Vivian were the
cooks at the restaurant. I always called them the three ladies after
the women in _The Magic Flute_. Christina always pretended to be
annoyed because Mozart, however skilled, was *not * Italian." He looked
at Deanna. "You programmed the menu into the Holodeck?" She nodded and
pulled a wine bottle out of the box.

"You have garlic butter on your lips," she said to Beverly. "Computer,
a corkscrew and three wine glasses." She deftly uncorked the bottle,
poured and handed the glasses around. Raising hers she said, "To
cooking!"

"Cooking!" echoed Beverly and Will. After sipping the wine, Beverly
added, "I think that if I'd learned to cook this way, I might have been
better at it." Deanna moved to sit next to her. Dipping a finger in her
wine glass, she ran it over one of Beverly's nipples. The doctor
shivered and took a quick sip of her wine before putting the glass
down. Deanna pushed her gently back on the cushion behind her and began
to paint her with wine.

Beverly was aware that Will was rummaging through the box Deanna  had 
brought in, but she decided not to worry about him. Deanna's fingers
and tongue were roaming over her neck, shoulder, and breasts,
occasionally brushing her nipples. "Mmmm...that feels wonderful,"
Beverly said. "Ohhh yeah, right there..." Deanna responded to the
prompt, nibbling and sucking on Beverly's neck. With her earlier
urgency gone, Beverly was content to relax and lose herself in the
sensations that Deanna was giving her.

Deanna glanced sideways as Will came up next to her. He shook his head
and held up a stasis flask. "Let me guess," he said as he loosened the
stopper. "Warm chocolate sauce?" Deanna shot him a quick grin and bent
to kiss Beverly.

When the kiss had finished, Beverly laughed gently. "I knew the day
would not be complete without chocolate." Deanna moved back to her
breasts.

"If I'm going to cover you with chocolate sauce, I want to get rid of
the wine first." She used that as an excuse to lavishly tongue
Beverly's nipples and soon the doctor was gasping as Deanna's tongue
moved faster across. Beverly could feel the heat of the sauce as Will
began to drip it on her skin. She felt Deanna's tongue moving slowly
down her belly, lapping up the chocolate. Suddenly Deanna stopped and
gasped. Beverly looked up to see what was happening. Will was running
chocolate coated hands over Deanna's body, and as Beverly's eyes met
his he winked. She grinned at him, and reached around to pull Deanna's
hips toward her head. Deanna quickly moved her face between Beverly
chocolate covered thighs as she opened her own legs to straddle the
other woman's face. Beverly pulled her down, a little worried that 
she wouldn't know what to do.

"Do what makes *you* feel good", Deanna said, picking up the worry. 

"Then I'm going to eat you up. I love chocolate almost as much as you
do."

"She tastes great with chocolate," Will said. He sat next to the two
entwined women and slid his hands between them, caressing their
breasts.

*Will was right,* Beverly thought. *She does taste great.* Deanna's
taste was saltier than her own and it contrasted nicely with the rich
sweetness of the chocolate. She tentatively ran her tongue into the wet
folds, thinking about the things she liked. She quickly located
Deanna's clitoris and began to gently run her tongue over it. Deanna
responded with a hum of pleasure that vibrated against Beverly's
clitoris. Delighted, Beverly continued to tongue the other woman,
occasionally stopping to gasp as Deanna's actions took her closer 
and closer to orgasm. She suddenly pulled her mouth away and started to
yell as the orgasms began to roll over her. After three quick shocks,
she said, "Deanna....ohh...let me make you come." Deanna laid her head
on Beverly's thigh and Beverly began to run her tongue over Deanna's
clit again, harder this time. In a very short time, Deanna began to cry
out. Beverly hardly heard her, as Deanna's thighs had tightened around
her head. Beverly didn't stop and soon Deanna shrieked again, this time
pulling herself away.

After a moment, Deanna twisted around and looked down at her friend.
"You're face is covered with chocolate."

"Look who's talking. Come up here and we'll clean each other off." She
held her arms open and Deanna slid up her body with a cat-like
movement.

They happily licked one another's faces for a time and then Deanna
rested her head against Beverly's shoulder. "You amaze me," she said
gently. "You're so sensual, are you sure you're not part Betazoid?"

"No, just lucky," Beverly replied. "You know...it's one of *those*
months."

"Baby week!" they both said in unison.

"Baby week?" Will asked. They looked at him for a moment and then
Beverly grinned. Deanna slid up to rest her friend's head in her lap.

"Sometimes," Beverly said, holding out her arms to Will, "I feel like I
could take on the whole ship. It's my little secret."

As he moved into her arms, Will had a vague memory of her explaining
this to him at some earlier time. The memory was oddly distant and he
realized that it was a flashback from the time he had hosted Beverly's
Trill lover Odan. Ever since then he had wondered what it would be like
to make love to her as himself. And now he would know. She opened her
legs and her hand guided him into her. "I should warn you that it just
gets worse." She looked up at him with that look. "I want you to fuck
me, Will. Hard." She slid her hands along his rear and pulled him down.
Will looked down at her, bent and kissed her hard as he began to move.

Beverly was aware of what was happening. During months like this, her
sexual drive just seemed to increase the more she had sex. She quickly
found a rhythm that suited both herself and Will and then just went
with it. She could feel his mouth on her neck and Deanna's fingers
caressing her face and running through her hair. What she really felt
though, was the hard cock moving in and out of her. She tilted her hips
until she had just the right angle. She knew that she became terribly
selfish at times like these, but none of her lovers had ever
complained. Then it started. Small at first, just little ripples, early
warning shocks before the earthquake. "Ohhh...God...oh...Will..."

Will looked down at her flushed face. Her eyes were closed and he could
tell that she was concentrating on her orgasms. Her inner muscles were
tightening around him and the feeling was amazing. He shifted and
rested his weight on his hands, trying to hold off his own climax in
order to give her as much time as she needed. His eyes met Deanna's and
she smiled at him, obviously delighted at the feelings she could sense
radiating from Beverly.

Beverly had lost count of the number of times she had come. Then she
felt it, that last one, like a great wave rushing at her. "OHHH!" she
screamed. "YEESSS!!!" As the wave rushed over her she dug her nails
into Will's back and pounded her heels against his legs. Then the wave
ebbing and she fell back, limp and exhausted. She suddenly realized
that Will hadn't come and she blinked and tried to move.

"Beverly," Deanna said softly. "It's all right." She bent down and
kissed Beverly's flushed face. Sliding out from under Beverly, she
moved behind Will. He looked at her. "It's all right," Deanna repeated.
He slid carefully out of Beverly, who curled up slightly and watched as
Deanna pushed Will on his back.

Watching Beverly and Will had roused Deanna's desire to a fever pitch.
She quickly straddled him and slid down over his cock. "Deanna...I'm
really...really close..." he gasped.

"So am I...ohhh..." She began to move and it was like it had always
been, perfect rhythm, each so familiar to the other, each knowing what
the other needed. He fit her perfectly and she felt wonderful around
him. They reached their climaxes at the same; her cry echoed by his;
each of them feeling what the other felt. She collapsed into his arms
and relaxed. 

After they recovered somewhat, they turned and pulled Beverly into
their arms. The three of them lay close together and wisely, none of
them tried to say anything. There were lazy kisses and caresses, but
soon all three of them were dozing.

***

"BEEP BEEP BEEP!"
 
"Shut the fuck up!" Will yelled. The computer obligingly stopped the
alarm. Beverly yawned and Deanna rubbed her  eyes. "Come on people,"
Will said. "up and at 'em."

Beverly stuck her tongue out at him and Deanna bent over and kissed
her. "Mmmm..." Beverly said as she broke from the kiss. "What time is
it?"

"17:30," Deanna replied. "We have and hour and a half."

"Oh crap," Will said. "I wonder if the dinner is completely ruined.
This will not be easy to explain." He looked down at Beverly and felt a
little guilty. 

"Stop that!" she said. She pulled him down and kissed him soundly. "I
know you too well, Will Riker and I won't have you feeling guilty. I
don't belong to anyone, and I had far too much fun for *me* to feel
guilty. Did you enjoy yourself?" She suddenly giggled. "God, look at
you, you're covered in chocolate." 

She shot him that look and he realized that she was right both about
the guilt and the chocolate. He kissed her again, not knowing what
things would be like tomorrow, but somehow not caring. He felt Deanna's
mouth against their joined mouths and  there was a quick confusing
tangle of tongues that left all of them laughing. When they separated,
he smiled. The day had ended as it had begun, in laughter.

***

"I would like to propose a toast," Riker said, tapping his glass with
his dessert fork. Everyone held up their glasses of port. "To Captain
Jean-Luc Picard! Happy Birthday, sir and may you have many more!"

Picard was surprisingly touched by the toast and the whole evening. The
dinner had been superb, he really couldn't remember a time when he had 
eaten this well. *Or this much,* he thought. As Will sat down, Picard
looked around the table. He then stood, waving everyone back into their
chairs as they began to rise. "I should like to propose a toast of my
own. To Will, Beverly and Deanna, for one of the finest meals I have
enjoyed in my life. The three of you obviously went to great deal of
effort in the kitchen today."

"It was our pleasure, sir," Riker replied. It was only later that Will
realized that his fork was bent from where he had gripped it,  Beverly
noticed that the inside of her cheek hurt from having been bitten, and
Deanna found that she had marks on her palms from her own nails.
However, all three of them managed not to laugh under circumstances
that would have tried even their captain.


The End
