                                The First Time

   Just about every man remembers his  first sexual experience and I am  no
   exception.  I am glad  to say however that  mine was at the  hands of an
   older woman, a  very nice and  experienced older woman.   Sally my first
   woman was  about 32  when I  first became  involved with  her and  I had
   secretly watched her as she sunbathed  in her back yard wishing I  could
   have sex with her for a long  time.  Sally was a trim blond with  a nice
   figure and she was married.  Sadly her marriage was not on good  footing
   at the time and this combined with her husbands drinking must have  been
   what precipitated our initial tryst.

   On the odd occasion that Sally could not find a suitable baby sitter for
   her two small children ages 3 and 4 I would go over and sit with them in
   the evenings after they had been put to bed and were asleep.  I must say
   that in  all the  times I  sat for  these kids  they never  gave me  any
   problem and only occasionally would they wake up. Well I could tell that
   things weren't going well for Sally and her husband as many nights Sally
   would come home without him and  I would see someone most times  a woman
   drop him off the next morning.   One night about 8:00pm Sally came  home
   while I was sitting  her kids and she  looked very upset and  asked if I
   would stay around a little while she took a bath because one of the kids
   was still  up and  she didn't  want her  to get  scared if she found the
   house empty.   I agreed  and settled  back to  watching TV  wondering if
   Sally was ok because she seemed  so upset.  Sally was gone quite  a long
   time and I decided  to go and look  for her, so I  quietly went upstairs
   and checked  on the  kids who  were both  asleep then  went towards  the
   bathroom to check on Sally.  The  bathroom door was slightly ajar and  I
   could see  Sally sitting  on the  edge of  the bathtub  staring off into
   space and softly crying.  Sally had  on just a thin robe which  was open
   to the  waist and  I could  see her  full firm  breasts with  small pink
   nipples peeking out.   The lower part  of the robe  was open across  her
   legs falling further open to the sides of her firm long legs.  I felt  a
   strange  mixture  of  sorrow,  excitement,  and  fear as I looked at her
   sitting there obviously  alone and very  distraught.  I moved  closer to
   the door  and looked  between her  legs seeing  her neatly trimmed pussy
   which excited me more.   By this time I  was having a full  blown hardon
   and I just stood there admiring Sally's beautiful body and wondering how
   I could get to see more.

   I decided on a bold  approach and with a bit  of a tremble I opened  the
   door and  walked into  the bathroom.   I figured  I could  always say  I
   thought one of the  children was having a  problem and thought I  should
   check.  But Sally didn't look upset and made no move to cover herself as
   I approached.  I asked her if there was anything I could do and what was
   the matter as I looked directly into her eyes.  Sally said it was a long
   story and  it really  didn't matter  as I  was not  responsible for  her
   problems.  As she spoke  Sally swiveled around to  face me and her  robe
   opened  further  allowing  me  to  see  both  her firm tits and her legs
   splayed further  providing me  with a  full frontal  view of  her pussy.
   Sally was  great looking  and I  was very  excited my  cock standing  at
   attention and clearly  showing my excitement  by the bulge  in my pants.
   Sally  must  have  seen  my  condition  and recognized my excitement and
   confusion because she reached out and pulled me to her hugging me close.
   I was the surprised one when  I realized that my right hand  had slipped
   under her robe and I was cupping her firm tit in my hand.  Sally  didn't
   move  and  just  kept  holding  me  as  I felt her breast with tentative
   strokes  and  felt  her  nipple  harden  with  excitement.  Sally slowly
   brought her hand around to my  crotch and gently rubbed my cock  thru my
   jeans as  she asked  me if  I could  stay a  while and keep her company.
   Even thought I was scared my excitement overpowered me and I told her  I
   would stay even though I would have felt more comfortable peeking at her
   thru the open door than being in her arms.  Taking me by the hand  Sally
   led me to her bedroom and asked me to wait for her, her robe was open in
   the front now and I  had a great view of  her full firm tits with  those
   stiff pink  nipples and  that golden  triangle of  fur between  her firm
   legs.

   I waited as she  checked on her children  and returned to the  bedroom I
   thought I would cum in my pants  as I watched her come thru the  bedroom
   door her robe fluttering behind her  giving me a full view of  her naked
   firm body.  Sally came to the bed where I was sitting and sat next to me
   taking my hand  and placing it  on her warm  firm breast she  asked if I
   wanted to  make love  with her.   I stammered  a bit  but assured  her I
   wanted her badly and would do my best to please her.  Sally told me that
   we could only make  love if I promised  not to tell anyone  about it and
   that she  would get  in a  lot of  trouble if  I said anything to anyone
   especially my friends.  I assured her I could keep our secret and that I
   wanted very much to make love with her.

   Sally kissed me and began to  take off my cloths starting with  my pants
   which she undid with remarkable quickness and slowly pulled down rubbing
   my cock with her  hand while she removed  my shoes and socks  pulling my
   jeans off.  Sally pulled down my  underpants and took my rock hard  cock
   in her hand stroking  it slowly and gently  squeezing my balls.  I  felt
   like my cock was going to burst and told her she had to hurry or I would
   come in her hand.  Sally pulled hard on my cock and then rammed my  cock
   into her mouth sucking my dick for all she was worth.  This was too much
   and I began to climax shooting my sperm into Sally's hot wet mouth as  I
   tried to back away  afraid She would be  mad at what I  had done.  Sally
   just held me closer and grabbed my ass forcing my prick deeper into  her
   mouth and sucked my sperm down her throat.  Finally I stopped struggling
   and let her finish me with her mouth figuring she would be  disappointed
   and ask me to leave.  After Sally had drained the last drop of cum  from
   my still stiff prick she pulled back and licked her lips and thanked  me
   for giving her my sweet tasting cum.   I was happy I had not ruined  our
   lovemaking and begged her to get on the bed.  Sally older and wiser than
   I told me to relax as we had plenty of time and stroked my cock  showing
   me that it  was still stiff  and we would  get to that  part of our  fun
   later.   Sally  moved  me  around  and  stripped off my shirt leaving me
   standing naked next to  her.  She hugged me  to her and I  felt her ripe
   breasts  press  against  my  chest  as  her stiff nipples burned into my
   flesh.  Sally told me to take off  her robe and I reached up taking  the
   collar and pulled it back and  off her shoulders letting it fall  to the
   floor as I wrapped my arms around her hot body.  Sally pressed her  body
   into mine  and reached  around grabbing  my ass  and pulled  me into her
   cunt.  I thought I would cum again as my cock and balls pressed  against
   her  hot  cunt.   Sally  held  me  this  way  for  a  while  until I got
   comfortable enough to move  my hands down to  her firm ass and  pull her
   harder into  our embrace.   All the  time Sally  kissed me  exploring my
   mouth with her hot wet tongue and lips which had just worked their magic
   on my prick.

   Slowly Sally moved us onto her bed and had me turn on all the lights  so
   that I could see her hot body  clearly.  As soon as I calmed down  a bit
   Sally had me move up over her and feel her tits some more and she  began
   to instruct me on  how to make love.   First she had me  rub her nipples
   slowly making her  moan with pleasure  and bringing her  nipples to full
   hardness so that  they resembled tiny  pricks.  Next Sally  took my hand
   and rubbed it up and down her hard taught belly until my hand rested  in
   her blond bush.  Sally  spread her legs and  had me pull back  the outer
   lips of her pussy exposing her pink wet hole so I could see what a woman
   looked like.  I loved it and wanted to put my stiff prick in right away.
   Sally stopped me saying first I would have to learn how to play with  it
   and  she  reached  down  and  showed  me  her  erect clit telling me how
   sensitive it was and gently rubbing  it with her fingers.  I could  tell
   this was really getting her hot because she moaned each time her  finger
   crossed the head of her stiff  little button.  Sally took my finger  wet
   it in her mouth then rubbed  her clit with it moaning and  thrusting her
   hips to meet my finger.  As her passion grew I rubbed her cunt lips with
   my other finger and finally pushed my finger into her vagina making  her
   moan even louder.   Suddenly her hands  were at her  breasts pulling and
   twisting her pink stiff nipples and I was on my own.

   I continued to push my  finger in and out of  her cunt and rub her  clit
   until she climaxed wetting my  hand with her love juices.   Sally's legs
   twitched and jerked as she came and the muscles twitched thru her entire
   pelvic region each time my finger stroked her hard clit.  Sally told  me
   I was great and that made me  want her even more, my cock was  throbbing
   hard and ready to fuck her  but Sally had other ideas.  Sally  pulled my
   head down to her  tits and had me  tongue and suck her  tits and nipples
   while  I  continued  to  finger  her  hot  twitching pussy.  While I was
   driving her nuts with my fingers and my mouth Sally started to stroke my
   ass pushing her fingers into the  crack of my ass and massaging  my cock
   and balls with  her other hand.   Sally pulled my  ass cheeks apart  and
   rubbed her finger on the rim of my anus slowly circling my butt hole and
   driving me  crazy.  All  of a  sudden her  finger was  in my  ass slowly
   pushing in until her whole finger was up my asshole.  Taking my cue from
   Sally I  rubbed her  anus and  slowly pushed  my finger  up her  pulsing
   rectum until it was buried as deep in her asshole as my other finger was
   in her cunt.  I began a slow stroking motion ramming my fingers into her
   cunt and asshole with slow steady strokes.  Sally was moaning quite loud
   now and she released her grip on my cock and pulled her finger out of my
   ass grabbing my head and pushing it down her lithe belly until my tongue
   was just inches from  her erect hard clit.   I knew what she  wanted and
   extended my tongue  until it contacted  her hard clit  and instinctively
   began to  suck and  lick her  pleasure button  making her  cry out  with
   desire and pleasure.  I kept pace with my fingers in her holes and  soon
   Sally was in the throes of another climax her hands had returned to  her
   nipples and she was pulling them fiercely as she climaxed over and  over
   again until she lay moaning her pleasure.

   I was beside myself with desire and I pulled her legs up opening her hot
   wet pussy and gave  her a few more  licks before I moved  in between her
   wide spread thighs my hard cock sticking out like a flag.  Sally  looked
   down and reached for my cock guiding me into her tight slit as I  rammed
   my cock in with one deep thrust.  Sally put her legs on my shoulders and
   I rammed my cock into her tight hot pussy for about five minutes  before
   she and I climaxed together.  The  look of pleasure on her face  made me
   feel like a king  and I continued to  pound her pussy until  my cock got
   hard again.  Sally was as surprised as  I was that I could come back  so
   soon  and  begged  me  to  try  another  position.   Giving  way  to her
   experience I pulled out of her  cum ladened pussy and waited for  her to
   get into position.  Sally got on her hands and knees facing away from me
   and told me to fuck  her cunt from behind as  I moved in on her  exposed
   cunt and ass she told me this  was called doggy style.  I bent down  and
   licked her cunt and rubbed my  thumb over her puckered anus making  sure
   to nip at her  still erect clit.  Sally  was now demanding my  cock so I
   brought my hips level and close  to her ass and she reached  between her
   legs grabbing my dick and forcing the head into her hot slit.  I lurched
   forward burying my cock  in her dripping cunny.   Sally told me to  hold
   still and let  her do some  work as she  rammed her cunt  back and forth
   impaling her sweet  twat on my  stiff meat.  I  could see her  hand work
   fanatically  on  her  stiff  clit  as  she  banged my cock deep into her
   slippery  cunt.   Seeing  that  look  on  her face I reached forward and
   grabbed her tits  and began to  twist and pull  her hard stiff  nipples.
   Sally began  to climax  again as  she reamed  herself on  my prick and I
   pulled and twisted her hot nipples.

   Sally and I  climaxed again together  and I filled  her sweet hole  with
   another load  of my  creamy sperm.   Sally was  too fucked  out to go on
   right away and  she pulled me  up next to  her and held  me close as  we
   recovered from our pleasure.  I a few minutes the closeness of her  body
   and the musky smell of her sex had me hard again and Sally reached  down
   and took my cock in her hand saying that she had never seen such a horny
   young boy.  I was glad I pleased her and wanted very much for the  night
   to never end.  Sally reversed her position and began to suck my cock  as
   she massaged my balls and played  with my asshole.  Since I was  looking
   right into her cunt I pulled he legs apart and began to tongue her  cunt
   and clit and  finger fuck her  well lubricated cunt  and asshole.  Sally
   said there was one other thing she  wanted to teach me tonight if I  was
   still willing.  I told her I was ready for anything and Sally looked  up
   and told me to fuck her in the ass.  I thought of how tight her anus was
   on my fingers and  wondered if I could  force my cock into  such a tight
   hole but Sally  had been right  every other time  so I thought  I should
   try.  I said ok and asked what  I should do.  Sally told me to  lay back
   and watch as she bent down taking my prick into her mouth and sucking me
   harder than ever before.   My dick was like  iron by the time  Sally was
   ready and she move up to  a squatting position over my cock  and grabbed
   it rubbing the head from her clit  to her asshole and back for a  while.
   Then Sally  placed the  head of  my cock  firmly at  the entrance to her
   asshole  and  slowly  pushed  down  forcing  my  cock into her vise like
   asshole.  Sally continued to  probe her hot anus  with my cock until  my
   whole cock was buried  in her twitching rear.   Sally then took my  hand
   down to her cunt and forced two  fingers deep into her hot wet slit  and
   placed my thumb on her clit.   I could hardly stand the pressure  as she
   began to stroke herself on my cock and fingers and I had all I could  do
   to remember to rub her clit with my thumb.  Suddenly Sally cried out and
   I knew she had reached orgasm  when her cunt and anus clamped  around my
   fingers and cock making me shoot my load up her packed asshole.

   After this Sally  and I rested  and played with  each other for  a while
   before I  took a  shower and  she made  me promise  to sit  for her more
   often.  I readily agreed and our  relationship kept up until I went  off
   to college.  I  was very lucky  to find this  lady and our  relationship
   helped her thru some  difficult times as well  as giving me a  great sex
   education.  Even after her husband and her got on better footing she and
   I saw each other at least once ever few weeks but more on those meetings
   later.

