Archive-name: Bestial/firspony.txt
Archive-author: Joe Something
Archive-title: My First Time


Hello Netters!

I've hung-out reading this group for a while now.  The more
I read the more I came to terms with my own bestialital nature.
At first it was the pictures... then the storys... and then I
started thinking about doing it myself.  I was rather nervous
about it, and so I e-mailed some of you, and for the most part
I got supportive, factual and even encouraging e-mail back.  Then
I though it was time.  It happened about two weeks ago.

I live in a small south-western Ontario (Canada) town near to a
small zoo.  I noticed that they had two ponys (but I wasn't
sure what sex they were until I was there).  I decided that this
was were I would go (it's in a park and open 24 hours).

That night several friends and I had gone out for some beers and
pool at a local bar, and then we went back to my place after it
closed.  It wasn't until around 4:00 AM that everyone had left
or passed-out.  Up until this time I hadn't even thought that
this would be the night (I had been intending to do it for a
while, but was having trouble getting up the nerve).  As I was
getting into bed I realized that this was the perfect
opertunity:  it was late, I wasn't that tired, and I'd had a
couple and hence was feeling a little braver then normal.

I got out of bed, and put on a pair of loose-fitting shorts and
a spring jacket (no underwear, socks, shirt... etc.).  I didn't
want to get bogged-down with clothes, I am really close to the
park, and I wanted to leasten the chance of leaving anything
behind in case I had to leave in a hurry (I was SOOOO scared of
getting caught).

The walk seemed to take forever.

The zoo is really just a couple of pens with geese, goats, sheep,
and a couple of large birds in them.  The park itself surrounds
a heavily trafficked foot-path from the University to the "down-
town".  The animal pens are situated directly beside the path.
This fact alone makes the zoo a really bad choise for this kind
of thing, but I had had just enough to drink that this excited
me!

The ponys are surrounded by an 8 foot high fence, with barbed
wire at the top.  I was in bare feet (and scantly dressed) and so
climbing was not an option.  I walked around the enclosure and
found a section of the fence that I could squirm under.  I WAS
INSIDE!

I didn't want to scare the ponys, and so I stood near them to
see what they'd do.  One came right up to me.  I petted the nose
and neck and tried to convey warm feelings of friendship as
best I could.  I slowly worked my way around to the rear and
with a little cautious groping discovered that she was a female.

I was interested in fucking a female, but I also knew that I
wanted to give a male a blow-job.  I'm not at all gay (or bi)
in terms of people, but I just wanted to see what it was like.
I wondered whether the second pony was a male so I tried to
approach him/her but the pony was scared and kept backing away.
This was ok, because the first pony was friendly enough.

I started touching her pussy with my hand.  She didn't seem to
mind and she turned to watch me.  I wanted to taste her and so
I did.  I had read on the net that there are certain realities
of horses, and that one should bring along water or something
because they can be stinky, and dirty.  I didn't find this at
all, she certainly smelled a lot like a horse - but what'd you
expect?  The pony's pussy was huge (well, bigger than any
human pussy I've seen).  I licked her all over, and even
tried licking her anus.  Again didn't find the experience
unenjoyable - but I did prefer the pussy.

While "going down" on her I started masturbating myself through
my shorts, and then decided that I should remove my clothes.
I alternated between "going down" on her and using my hand.  I
wanted to get her wet and ready for me.  I noticed that when I
used my hand she would lift her tail a bit so I could get better
access.  I took this to mean that I was doing things right!

Finally I deemed that SHE WAS READY!  I got up (off my knees)
put her tail over my arm (so it would be out of the way) and
put it in!  It was a little difficult to find her opening at
first, but after poking around a bit with my penis I found her.

She didn't seem to enjoy it as much as the oral-sex.  She allowed
me to fuck her, but would occasionally walk around a bit
making things difficult for me.  (Before I put it in she had
stood very still while I stimulated her.)

I enjoyed fantasizing about getting caught.  It was fun to be
one of the animals in the zoo, naked, on exhibition, fucking
an animal like an animal.  I wished it was a Saturday afternoon
with crowds, and families all watching the animals fuck.

She was large and loose, and I found that I didn't get a lot
of stimulation.  I also had been drinking so it took me a little
longer to cum then normal, but when I did it was fantastic.

When it was over I felt scared but proud!


IN CONCLUSION:

It was an amazing experience, but the zoo was a bad place.  I
enjoyed the risk of getting caught, but it was a silly risk to
take (but I don't think I can keep myself from going back).

I would love to try a dog (male or female), and I would love to
have pictures taken.  Is there anybody out there that would
like to do this (or has a dog they could share)?  How about
making a movie?


A Recent Animal Non Virgin,

Joe Something...

--
