This is a true story of me and one of my girlfriends.  First of all let me
tell you a little about myself. I am 25 years old.  About 6 feet tall, and a 
good build.  Dark brown hair and brown eyes. I have been told that I am very
good looking and seem to get a good response from the opposite sex.  My name
is Paul and her name was Leslie.

        Leslie was extremely good looking.  She had blonde hair, natural of
course and bluish green eyes.  She had small but firm tits, and a very firm, 
tight ass.  She was about 5 and one-half feet tall, and not an ounce of
fat on her.  She was an anything goes, anywhere, anytime kind of women and
proved it on many occasions.

        I remember several times when we would be driving down the freeway
in my Nissan pickup when she would bend over and unzip my pants, and start
sucking on my cock until I came all over her.  Not only at night but most of
the time during the day, when other people could very easily figure out what
was going on, and the occasional trucker could see.  I also remember almost
slamming into the guardrail on several occasions when she expertly used her
tongue to get me off.

        She was also know for lifting her blouse in public especially on the
highway when young men were looking.  And she was not known for caring if 
their parents saw.

        Inhibited she was not.  If I came over to visit and she was in the 
mood and I wasn't she would simply go in the bedroom and pull out one of
her several vibrators and start with out me.  I remember she had a pink one
for her hot pussy, and a little blue one she called slim jim for her tight
ass.  She would also use these on the highway.

        The one drawback she had was that she was married.  Now I am not one
for really letting this bother me.  I believe that if a women wants it from 
another guy why should I tell her no.  Actually she was seperated so it did
not matter anyway.  Needless to say she would have been to hot to say no
to even if she was married to Arnold Swarzenneger.

        I remember the first time I met her. We were both walking around, 
hiking around actully at Rockville Park in California.  We ran into each
other and started talking.  She had on these tight black shorts which showed
off her legs very nicely, not too mention her tight ass.  I could feel my 
cock growing excitedly and I think she coulc notice it too.  She had a white, 
semi-seethrough blouse on of which the sunlight showed her firm breast quite
nicely.  We walked for hours.  She told me about her seperation, and that 
they had been seperated for about a month, and a long month she added.  I 
could tell where this conversation was leading, and I don't know who led it
their more her or me.  

        It was getting late and we were on top of the largest hill there
overlooking the valleys.  The sceen was set and I slowly leaned over and 
kissed her.  She through her arms around me and kissed me deeply.  Our 
tongues met and seemed to dance together.  She pushed her body against mine
and I returned in kind.  We kissed for what seemed hours, and my hand slowly 
massaged her firm breasts.  I asked her if this bothered her.  "No, it has
been so long since I have been this close to someone." Leslie said.  My hands
by this time had moved to her mound.  I rubbed her mound softley and massaged
what I believed to be her clit.  She moaned softly and we both fell to the 
ground.  We went through the motions of making love, and yet all our clothes
were on.  We were lost in helpless emotion.  "Don't stop, I am going to cum!"
Leslie screamed.  Her body thrusted helplessly.  She squeezed my body until
I thought I was going to burst.

        After her body came down from its plato I slowley moved my hand back
to her mound.  I could feel how wet she was even through her shorts and I         
could see it as well.  "Take them off." Leslie said.  "Aren't your worried
about someone seeing?" I said. Leslie said " I hope they do!" I knew that
I was having the time of my life, and that I did not want it to end.
I reached down and slowly pulled off her shorts, exposing one of the most
beautiful things known to mankind.  She had very short pubic hair.  Neatly 
trimmed, and very nice all over.  I slowly moved my tongue down and kissed
her inner thighs.  I then slowly licked all around her thighs and stomach.
I do not know who I was teasing more her or me, because I could smell her
sweet necter all around and it was driving me crazy.  I slowly licked around 
her pussy, everytime getting a little closer and a little closer.  When I 
finally licked her flaming clit, I thought she was going to die.  Her body
convulsed and she yelled at me not to stop.  She came for what seemed like
hours.  Her necter flowed like wine, and I drank as if it were such.  The
sweet bouqet was most exciting and I thought I was going to cum with her.

        I plungd my tongue deep inside her tight pussy.  I could not wait 
to feel my cock deep inside her.  Leslie then ripped my shorts off.  
Literally I might add.  My cock by this time was hard as a rock.  She said
she would repay the favor sometime but right now all she wanted was my hard
cock deep in her pussy. As my cock entered her I remember how hot it felt, I 
also remember fighting off the urge to cum right then and there(it had been
a while for me too). As I stroked my cock in and out she pulled me deep in 
she then said something that I will never forget.  "Please fuck me in my 
ass." she said.  "I love the feeling of a hard, hot cock, deep in my ass,
especially when you explode deep inside."  I had never done that before, but
like I said she was to hot to say now to.  As I pulled out of her tight pussy
she used her juices to lubricate her ass.  Actually it looked like she was
getting off on her own fingers being in her tight hole.
        
        When she said she was ready, I was not sure if I was but as I put 
my cock against her ass, I knew I would do anything to please her.  As she 
pulled against me, I felt the head of my hard cock sliding in her ass.  It
felt so tight, and so good.  "Oh yes, give it to me...don't stop." Leslie 
moaned.  I could not believe what was going on.  I had come up her to take 
a little hike, and here I am fucking one of the most gorgeous women I have
ever seen in the ass.  I could feel her body tensing, and as she came I 
thought she was going to cut my dick in half with her muscles.  We kept
this up for a while and as I began to cum she pulled on my ass and pulled 
my body tight against hers so that I shot my hot cum deep inside her ass.

        As our orgasms subsided we decided it was getting a little late, and
not to mention a little chilly.  We got dressed I hiked down the hill.
What an experience, I wondered if I would see her again, and if this would
be the end, little did I know that this was only the beginning. We exchanged
phone numbers and made a date for the following day.  Needless to say we
had quite a healthy sexual experience.  We did things I will never forget,
and why would I want to.


