   The first time was with Ginger, and I still feel a little guilty  
about that. I'm a married woman, but throughout the five years of  
my marriage I have had to have sex with other women from time to  
time. I just couldn't keep my sanity without it. I remember when it  
happened. Don was at work and Ginger was over at my house. We'd  
been making love most of the morning. I had just met Ginger, a  
tall, lovely blonde, at the supermarket two weeks before this, and  
we were still at that stage when you just can't get enough of each  
other's bodies.  
   I was sitting on the edge of the pool and Ginger swam over and  
started fooling around. Pretty soon she had my bikini bottoms off  
and was eating my pussy while I sprawled beside the pool, the sun  
beating down on me, my legs dangling in the water. Something about  
doing it outside like that made me twice as excited as usual, and I  
could feel the juices flowing inside my cunt.  
   Ginger's tiny little hands were busy on me, rubbing my clit  
while she thrust her tongue deep inside me tickling my asshole,  
finally dipping into my cunt. She got a finger in, then two, three,  
finally all four. She was stirring me inside, touching me in a way  
I had never been touched before. Ginger knew just how to bring me  
to a climax, working her fingers inside my cunt and her tongue on  
my clit. When I started to come she would freeze, letting the spasm  
shatter my body while she withdrew her tongue and held her busy  
fingers still for a few moments -- then it would all start again.  
   "OH, GOD, GINGER," I begged, "STICK YOUR FINGERS UP MY CUNT.  
YESS...YESS! THAT'S IT! OH YES, I'M COMING! DON'T STOP, PLEASE  
DON'T STOP! EAT MY CUNT, EAT ME 'TIL I COME!" 
   I was so wild that I'm sure the neighbors could probably hear  
what was going on, but I really didn't care. All I wanted was her  
tongue and her fingers working deep inside me, stirring my cunt to  
a fever pitch. I kept pushing myself down harder and harder on her  
probing hand while she bunched her fingers together and fucked me  
with them, pumping them in and out like a giant cock.  
   Then the impossible happened: Ginger thrust hard at the same  
moment I was rocking my pelvis onto her hand, and her entire fist  
slid into my pussy, up to her wrist and beyond. I gasped, seeing  
what had happened, feeling myself filled as I had never been filled  
before. I had heard of fisting, but it had certainly never happened  
to me before. If I thought of it at all, I simply thought of it as  
something that would undoubtedly be painful beyond belief. For a  
few seconds I waited for the pain to shatter my vagina, but there  
was no pain. I moved experimentally, and Ginger began fist-fucking  
me, and then I really went wild!  
   "Ginger, honey, your whole fist is inside my cunt," I moaned.  
"YES, YES, FUCK ME WITH IT. FIST-FUCK ME, AND LICK MY CLIT TOO!"  
Ginger's busy tongue was lapping my clit like crazy and I couldn't  
get enough. I must have come a dozen times while her little fist  
worked in and out om my pussy. It went on so long that I barely had  
time to get my bikini bottoms back on and catch my breath before  
Donnie came home.  
   Donnie was wondering that night why I wasn't particularly  
interested in sex. For a moment I thought about telling him that it  
was because I had spent the whole afternoon being fist-fucked by  
Ginger, but somehow I had the feeling that Donnie might not  
understand.  
 
   Ginger and I continued seeing each other for a couple of months.  
After she moved away, I dreamed of being fist-fucked by Donnie, but  
I thought his hands were too big for my tight little cunt. Ginger  
had wanted me to fist her, after all, and we had tried it with half  
a dozen different lubricants, but my hands are much larger than  
Ginger's and, though I could get four fingers inside her pussy, we  
could never go further than that. Anyway, Donnie and I were just  
getting into anal sex, and that was enough of a thrill for me for a  
time. I found initially that it hurt a lot more for me to take his  
cock up my ass than it did to be fisted by Ginger.  
   For maybe four or five months, I was too busy with the joy of  
having Donnie's big prick plunging in and out of my asshole to  
think about anything else. Once I had gotten so I could take it  
easily he would sneak up on me any time of the day of night and  
lift my skirt, (Donnie has always insisted that I not wear panties  
around the house) and just start fucking my ass off!  
   I remember one evening when I was doing the dishes and all of a  
sudden I felt Donnie's strong hands on my ass. I knew what was  
coming. I braced my hands on the sink and spread my legs wide  
apart. Donnie had already lubricated his cock and it slid into my  
asshole easily. I moaned and bent farther down over the sink and  
pushed my ass back into his groin.  
   Finally my legs were too weak. I could feel them giving way so I  
turned and Donnie gradually eased me down onto the kitchen floor,  
never for one moment stopping the steady, deep thrusts into my  
ass. There on the kitchen floor he butt-fucked me doggie style. I  
ripped the buttons off the front of my dress so he could play with  
my swinging tits, and begged him to fuck me harder.  
   "Donnie, your cock is so hard in my ass! I can feel your big  
balls hitting my clit! Yessss, like that, FUCK ME! FUCK MY ASS,  
DONNIE! Ohhhhh, YES, BUTT-FUCK ME DONNIE! I WANT YOU TO SHOOT YOUR  
LOAD! I WANT IT! Mmmmmmm, SPANK MY ASS AND THEN SHOOT YOUR HOT LOAD  
OF COME UP MY ASSHOLE! SHOOT YOUR COME IN ME! Ooohhh, DON'T EVER  
STOP FUCKING MY ASS! I WANT YOUR COCK UP THERE. I'M COMING RIGHT  
NOW AND I FEEL YOU SHOOTING IT! FUCK ME, FUCK ME, I'M COMING SO  
HARD!"  
   Once I had gotten used to being fucked like that, there was  
nothing I wouldn't do for Donnie. I would strip for him, play with  
myself, whatever. But I still wondered from time to time whether or  
not I could get his fist into my cunt the way I had taken Ginger's.  
I wanted him to fist me and but-fuck me at the same time!  
   finally I got my chance. We were spending the weekend in the  
mountains and we fucked so much that Donnie just couldn't get it up  
any more. He had me so hot, however, that I couldn't stop, so I got  
him to go down on me and eat me out until he could hardly move his  
tongue anymore. He was fingering me with three fingers then, and  
when his tongue stopped moving fast enough to bring me to another  
climax I told him to put in another finger.  
   "I want you to fist my cunt," I said. "Let's try it. Just hold  
all your fingers tight together and see if you can get them in."  
   Well Donnie's hand was a whole helluva lot bigger than Ginger's.  
Donnie tried to work his hand in, but he couldn't get it past the  
knuckles. I told him finally to just hold still and that I would  
see what I could do. He did as I asked. I worked my pelvis back and  
forth, all Donnie's fingers working me to a frenzy, my cunt getting  
 
wetter and wetter. I was playing with my nipples, pinching them  
between my fingers. I came twice like that, but I was frustrated. I  
wanted Donnie's whole fist up my cunt.  
   Finally it was as if something gave way. I felt myself opening  
and suddenly Donnie's hand was in so far that he was fucking me  
halfway up his forearm! My God, What a sensation! Believe me  
ladies, if you've never had a fist up your twat, a man's big hairy  
fist, well you just haven't lived! At that moment I was in a sexual  
dream land. Donnie wasn't tonguing me at all, just ramming that big  
fist in and out of my pussy. With his other hand he got two fingers  
up my asshole, and I have never been totally fucked like that in my  
life!  
   If there was one thing I would have wished for at that moment it  
would have been another man whose cock I could suck so all my  
orifices would be taken care of, but Donnie was giving me plenty!  
   "Your hand's like a giant cock!" I told him. "It feels  
wonderful! MAKE ME YOUR WHORE! I'M A WHORE WITH A WIDE OPEN CUNT!  
YES...AND YOU'RE FUCKING IT WITH YOUR WHOLE FIST! Mmmm, YES, FIST- 
FUCK MY PUSSY! FUCK YOUR LITTLE WHORE WIFE HARDER! CAN YOU FEEL HOW  
WET MY PUSSY IS? CAN YOU FEEL MY CUNT JUICE ALL OVER YOUR FIST?  
WELL DO IT TO ME! DO IT TO ME HARD LIKE THAT! NOW I'M COMING!  
   And I exploded, coming like a crazy woman. After that I was  
never the same. I could never get enough of being fisted. The best  
part is that, unlike his cock, Donnie's fist never get tired. Now we  
have the perfect Relationship!  
