My first lay......

I was probably like any other fifteen year old when I
was growing up, seemingly aways having to fight off a
hard-on.  Maybe it was hormones, maybe it was because
I was still a virgin, but my almost daily jack-off sessions
didn't seem to help much.  I still wanted to experience
the feeling of my dick actually plunging into some
beautiful young girl's tight, wet cunt.  Hell, she didn't
even have to be all that beautiful!

This feeling was driving me crazy.  I HAD to have me a
piece of ass soon, or I was simply gonna explode!  I just
couldn't keep out the thoughts of some young girl's
pointed, jiggling tits slipping between my lips while my
dick plowed between her moist slit.

My imagination, summer bikinis, and dad's PENTHOUSEs
helped me to fill out my favorite fantasies of what the
girls in my classes looked like naked.  Those vivid images
of beautiful, naked young girls coming into my room
looking at my dick with lust, or my plopping them down
on a desk right there in school and fucking our brains out
seemed to dominate my every waking moment.  Hell,
even my nights were filled with wet dreams of these
nubile young girls offering their naked bodies to me on
sight!

The truth was I had never even seen a live naked girl
since I was about seven-years-old playing doctor with a
neigbor girl.  Even then I didn't know what it was all
about, just that  my little dick got hard when I touched
her bare pussy and that it felt REAL GOOD when she
touched my hard dick.  'If only I new then what I know
now,' I thought.  Furthermore, I was much too shy to
even approach a girl my age to ask for a date, much less
to ask for a piece of ass or a blowjob.

I was sitting under a tree fretting about all of this one
summer day, when I was startled by the voice of a young
neighbor girl who had walked up behind me.

"What are you doing out here all by yourself?"

Pauline was a typical eleven-year-old, her body just
beginning to show the first signs of maturing into an
hourglass shape, but she still was flat-chested.  Her
personality had definitely not matured, and I even
cosidered her to be quite a brat.

"Nothing much, just moping around," I told her.

"What's wrong?" she asked in a soft tone, touching my
knee as she sat down beside me on the ground, her small
skirt riding up her smooth legs.

I had never looked at her in a sexual way before, but the
combination of my frustration and her uncharacteristic
soft-spoken manner caused me to take a second look at
her.  She was actually a very pretty young girl, with long
dark brown hair that flowed down onto her flat, preteen
chest.  Her innocent dark brown eyes looked deeply into
mine as she pondered my troubles, and I began to get an
idea on how I might exploit this budding motherly
instinct of hers.

"Well......, it's just that a lot of the other guys my age have
dated girls already," I began, "some of them have even
had sex."

I paused to check her reaction.  She was still sitting there
looking at me intently, her knees pulled up near her
chest and her arms draped around them casually leaving
her skirt to gape open under her legs.  I was sure that
anyone passing by would be able to see her panties, but
she didn't seem to be aware of her immodest pose.

"I'm just too shy to ask anyone out, though.  I guess I'll
never have the guts to either."

She sat there silently, bending her head down and resting
her chin on her knees.  She seemed to be in thought as
she began to stare blankly at the ground in front of her,
possibly wondering about her own lack of boyfriends and
whether she too would ever have the experience of
having sex one day.

"Have you ever wondered what it's like to have sex?" I
asked her, hoping to guide the situation into a possible
encounter.

She looked at me momentarily to see if I was sincere, or
just trying to poke fun at her before answering.

"Well...., yeah...., sometimes...., but nobody really likes me
much around here.  All of the boys in my class just want
to play by themselves.  I'll probably never have a
boyfriend or anything," she said solemnly.

"Have you ever thought about doing it with anybody
around here?" I asked, pressing further.

"EEEWWW, NO!" she said, raising her voice defensively.

"Don't get mad, Pauline!  I was just wondering." I said,
trying to salvage the situation.  "I wouldn't tell anybody
if you had thought about it."

After that exchange, we both sat silently for a few
moments.  She resumed her position of resting her head
on her knees, and her skirt still left her entire bottom
open below her legs.  Hoping to get a better view of this
sight, I stretched and yawned, feigning fatique.  I then
bent forward and crawled along the ground until I was
stretched out on my side facing Pauline, my feet resting
against the large tree.  She looked at me momentarily
before reaverting her gaze to the ground directly in front
of her, resuming her thoughts.  I waited until she looked
away before looking under her legs, but when I did, I
was greeted by the sight of her beautiful tanned legs
disappearing into the rumpled bottom of her skirt.
Between them was a bright white strip of cotton cloth,
covering what I knew had to be her young twat.  The
tightness of the cloth stretched across her little pussy,
clearly identifying just where it was by the indentation of
the fabric along the slit.  My dick immediately began to
respond, and I quickly stuck my hand in my pocket to
adjust it before it was too late, leaving it there to help
hide the effect it was going to have on my pants.

"I've thought a lot about having sex," I said, looking back
up to her eyes just as she turned her gaze back to me.

"Really?  Who with?" she asked curiously.

Now she had me on the spot.  If I told her all of the girls
my fantasies revolved around, it would be just like this
little brat to go and tell them.  As I studied her face
though, I noticed a look that I had never seen before.  It
was as if she was trying to form a mental image of two
people having sex, me being one of them and the other
still left blank.

"Well...., I don't know.  You might think it's gross if I tell
you.  What's more, you'll probably go right off and tell
them if I told you who it was," I said.

"I won't think it's gross, and I promise I won't tell....,
please....." she pleaded.

Now I was beginning to feel I was getting somewhere.  I
really had her curiosity up, and I even thought that she
might even be enjoying this line of conversation.

"Well...., OK," I began.  "But you gotta promise you aren't
gonna tell.  And it's not like I would really do it with
them or anything.  I've just thought about it, OK?"

"OK, sure!" she replied, just a tinge of excitement in her
voice.

"Um..., well..., you know Jodi McAllister?  I've thought
about doing it with her." I said.

"Oh," she replied, sounding slightly disappointed.

"Yeah, she's got a nice body.  Blonde hair....., blue eyes....,
and pretty nice tits too!  And she's got a REAL nice ass on
her!" I said, hoping to get Pauline's gears going.

Pauline raised up, resting her chin on her hands, her
elbows on her knees.  She shifted her geet out from her
body, keeping her thighs together.  Her little feet were
pointed inward slightly, giving her a very little girlish
look.  Her gaze seemed to be far off now as she thought
about what I had said.

My eyes returned to that magic spot between her legs
momentarily, as I pondered how to word my next
sentence.

"Who else have you thought about?" she asked in a
faraway tone.

"Well...., if you promise you won't think it's gross.....," I
said, pausing for a response.

"No..., no, I don't think it's gross!" she said, looking back at
me with pleading eyes.

"Well...., I'm kinda embarrased to tell you who else I was
thinking about,"  I said teasingly.

"Aw, c'mon....., I promise I won't tell!"  she begged.

"Well...., you really won't have to...., 'cause...., I kinda have
been thinkin' about doin' it with you,"  I said softly, not
really lying about it now.

A look of complete surprise came over her face as her
head raised from its resting place slightly and her hands
came apart.  Her mouth gaped open as she took in what I
had just said and I noticed a distinct deep red blush
spread across her face.

"Larry...!"  she exclaimed, not really knowing what to say
next.

"Y-y-you've really..... thought about...., y'know..., having
sex..... with me?!"  she asked in disbelief.

"Well....yeah,"  I said, more confidently.  "You're a pretty
girl, and even though you don't really have any tits yet,
you still have a nice body."

She blushed again, instinctively reaching down and
wrapping her skirt around her legs, drawing them
together and hunching over to rest her chin on her knees
once more.  It was obvious that she had been flattered
about my remarks, but at the same time she was totally
caught off guard with the thought of someone wanting to
have sex with her.  I could see her playing out the scene
in her mind as she sat there, rocking back and forth
slightly.

A long, pregnant pause elapsed before anyone said
anything again.  It was me who initiated the next
question.

"Well..., what do you think?"  I asked her.  "Do you think
you would want to have sex with somebody like me?"

"NO!"  she exclaimed.  "I couldn't....., I mean....., I'm only
eleven-years-old.  I shouldn't be doing stuff like that.
And besides, you're fifteen!"

"So, I know some girls who did it when they were nine-
years-old,"  I lied.

"Oh yeah....., who?"  she demanded.

"Well...., I promised I  wouldn't tell.  And promises are
promises," I said, trying to get myself out of that one.

Pauline thought for a moment before saying, "Well...., I
dunno....., I just don't think I better do anything like that."

"OK, OK......, but if you COULD do it, do you think you
would do it with somebody like me?"  I asked, trying to
keep on the topic.

"Well...., I dunno,"  she said blushing.  "I...., I guess so."

I just smiled back at her, "Thanks, Pauline.  I needed to
hear that!"

She looked back at me, and an embarrased smile flashed
across her face as she had to look away.  I wasn't through
with her yet, however.  I just HAD to get something out of
all of this.  My dick was pressing against my pants with
one of the most raging hard-ons I had ever had.  I had
noticed Pauline looking down at my crotch a couple of
times as we had talked about doing it, but I wasn't sure if
she saw anything as my hand was still in my pocket,
paritally hiding the tent-like effect my dick was having
on my pants.

I waited a few more moments before starting again, "You
know...., I don't even know what a naked girl looks like."

"What about your sister, haven't you seen her naked
before?"  she asked.

"Well....yeah.  But that was a long time ago, when she was
just a little baby.  Besides, it's not the same when you see
your sister, especially when she's only one-year-old."

I continued to look at Pauline.  She was all balled up, and
refused to look at me when we weren't talking.  I had
decided that I just had to at least see her bare little
pussy, even if she wasn't gonna let me fuck her.  At least
I would have something to go whack off with for a while.

"What about you...., would you let me see you naked?"  I
asked hesitantly.  "I'll let you see me naked."

"I..., I don't know.  I better not,"  her voice showing her
uncertainty.

"Aw, c'mon Pauline,"  I begged.  "I'll probably never get
to see a naked girl until I get married...., if I ever DO get
married."

"I-I don't know, Larry." she said nervously.

I could tell she was actually considering it, but she still
would have rather I hadn't asked.  Even so, the thought
of seeing a naked boy probably for the first time
intriqued her.

"I'll make it worth your while,"  I went on.  "I'll buy you
an banana split when the ice cream man comes by."

She paused for a moment, biting her upper lip as she
contemplated my proposal.  The agony of the moment
was almost unbearable for me.

Finally, she spoke, " Well....OK...."

I almost leaped for joy inside, but I kept my cool on the
outside.  At least as much cool as I could considering my
state of excitement.

"But you've got to promise that you'll not touch me.  And
you've got to promise not to tell ANYBODY.  And you still
have to buy me the banana split."  she rattled on.

"OK, OK,"  I interupted,  "I promise, I promise."

"C'mon, let's go to my grandpa's barn where nobody will
see us," I said, grabbing her by the hand and rushing her
away before she had a chance to change her mind.

Grandpa's barn was way off in a field by itself,
surrounded by a few old oak trees on the sides and back.
He used it mainly to store hay for his cows, and hardly
ever came there during the summer.  He also kept an old
Studebaker out there, and that is where Pauline and I
stopped to carry out our deal.

"You go first,"  I told her.

"Can't we both just go at the same time?" she asked.

"Well...., yeah..., sure," I said almost reluctantly, not
wanting to miss one second of her bare pussy being
exposed.

"Remember, you can't touch, and you've got to buy me
that banana split," she said.

"I know, Pauline.  You don't have to keep reminding me,"
I said, as I unzipped my pants and she pulled her panties
down under her skirt.

I quickly shucked my cut-offs down, exposing my
underwear and the large bulge sticking out into it.
Pauline had bent over to pull her panties down to about
her ankles, then stood up, stepping out of them with her
left foot and flipping them off with her right.  As she
stood, she became transfixed by the sight of my bulging
underwear.

Knowing that her pussy was naked under her skirt, and
that I was about to see it seemed to make my dick even
harder than ever.  What's more, knowing that my naked
cock was going to be so close to a naked pussy, and me
not getting to at least stick it in was more than I could
bear.  I just had to have more than just a look.  My mind
raced over what I could say to coax her into letting me at
least try to stick it in her as we both slowly began to
expose our sex to each other.

I bent over as I slowly lifted the waistband of my
underwear over my pulsing cockhead, sliding them down
my legs.  My face was about a foot and a half from
Pauline's crotch, as she slowly lifted her skirt.  The hem
slowly inched it's way up, and just as I saw the first signs
of a tiny hairless slit she stopped.

"Well, stand up so I can see it.  We've got to do it
together,"  she demanded.

Reluctanly I stood up, my hard dick pointing up at her
face at about a 45 degree angle.  Pauline gasped as she
looked at it bobbing slightly in front of her.

"OK, Pauline, take your skirt off,"  I said impatiently.

"I'm just going to lift it up so you can see it, I don't want
to take it off,"  she replied.

I was at the point where I didn't care, just so long as I
could see her whole pussy.  Quickly she jerked her skirt
up over her waist to expose my first full view of a live
girl's pussy.  It was so beautiful, just a tiny little hairless
slit laying there between her closed legs.  I marveled at
the smooth folds of skin, and the lack of anything else
around them.

"Spread your legs a little bit, Pauline.  I can't really see
anything yet," I asked, my voice almost choking in my
throat.

Pausing for a second, she then stepped outward with first
one leg, then the other, leaving me a clear view of the
little line running down her crotch and disappearing up
under her.  We stood lie that for a little bit, both of us in
awe of each other before I spoke again.

"Pauline.....,"  I began,  "Just let me stick it in you one
time...., PLEASE!  Just one time, that's all."

"I don't know....,"  she said cautiously, "besides, you said
all I have to do is show you my thing, then you would
buy me the banana split."

"I know, I know....., but you look so pretty down there....,
a-and guys who have done it before tell me that it feels
REAL good when you do it.  I promise I'll only stick it in
and then pull it right back out...., OK?"  I pleaded as I
watched her let the hem of her skirt relax downward a
little as she thought.

"Well.....,"  she thought for a moment, looking at my cock,
"I......,  I guess it will be alright....., just one time though."

"OK,"  I said,  "I get to stick it in you all the way one time,
then I'll pull it out."

"Then you buy me the banana split,"  she added.

"Then I buy you the banana split,"  I acknowledged.
"C'mon over here to the car, we can do it in the backseat."

She dropped her skirt back down and stood by the car
door as I opened it.  Then she jumped in and lay down on
her back across the seat, pulling her skirt up.  One leg
draped off the edge of the seat, giving me my first good
look at her whole, hairless little pussy slit.  It started just
a little ways up the front of her body and continued
down all the way between her legs connecting with the
crack of her ass, making one continuous line.  The lips of
her hairless twat were tight together, leaving no clue as
to where her little hole might be.

Slowly, I climbed in the car over her until my dick
hovered right over the top of her slit.  I wasn't quite sure
just where it was supposed to go, so without further ado,
I began poking at her slit with my dick.  The first prod
ran along the very top portion of her hairless slit, the
head of my cock parting her lips slightly as it slid up and
onto her lower belly.  She giggled a little bit at this new
stimulation, as the shaft of my dick slid against her
preteen clit.  I raised up and tried again, producing the
same effect.  I propped myself up with my left arm as I
backed up a little and eased my dick head down her slit
with my right hand.  'Where is her little cunt hole,' I
thought as my cock head explored the length of her slit.
Suddenly, my dick felt something slightly more moist and
hotter than before.  'That must be it,"  I thought, as I held
my dick in place and pushed slightly.  Her hole was tight,
and my dick glanced off and ran down between her ass
cheeks.

Again, I backed up and placed the head of my dick at the
entrance to her tight, hairless hole and pushed.  This time
I felt the head go in slightly.  As hard as my dick was, it
began to bend so I backed off of the pressure a little, but
keeping my dick in the same place.  Once more I pushed
in, and again I felt my dick slip in a little more.  This time
when I stopped, I felt the walls of her pussy begin to slip
down around my cock, readjusting themselves to where
they had formerly been.  Again I pushed, and I noticed
that her pussy lips seemed to go with my dick inside her.
When I stopped again, I could see her slit slowly
reappear as the walls of her pussy slowly slid back down
my dick.

Again I pushed, and suddenly Pauline gasped.  I wasn't
sure what happened, all I was sure about was that the
feeling was incredible.  It was like pushing my dick
through layer after layer, fold after fold of hot, moist
skin.  Her tiny hairless hole was so tight that I could only
go in a fraction of an inch at a time.  Each time I pushed,
her whole twat would go with me, and each time I
stopped her hole would slowly ease it's way further down
my dick, giving me the feeling of passing yet another fold
of her inner skin.

I could tell that Pauline was experiencing some
discomfort, but she was not protesting.  This was a
business deal.  Both of us had a bargain to keep, and she
was certainly going to keep hers.  After all, it wasn't very
often that a kid around here got a banana split.

I kept up my assault on her tight, hairless, virgin cunt.  I
had almost gotten my entire dick in her on the last push
when I felt the bottom of her pussy come into contact
with the head of my dick.  The last push had only allowed
her pussy to slip down my dick part of the distance of my
thrust, and her tiny slit was just barely visible between
her legs, my dick resting snugly between them.

Well, I was all of the way in now.  We looked at each
other, both of us breathing heavily as I stayed inside her
for a moment, relishing the feeling of my cock buried
deep inside this eleven-year-old's tight, hairless pussy.

"Pauline....,"  I managed to speak between gasps, "how
about if I move my dick back and forth inside your pussy
some?  I'll still buy you a banana split!"

She lay there with my dick inside her for a moment,
panting heavily as she thought before asking hoarsely,
"How many times do you want to do it?"

I looked at her for a moment.  I hadn't thought about
that.  How many times does it take before I can cum?

"I dunno...," I gasped, "maybe about...., a hundred?"

I hurried to quell the look of apprehension on her face by
explaining, "A hundred times is not a lot.  Hell...., I can
count to a hundred in less than a minute!"

She looked at me for a moment, then nodded in
agreement as I began to slowly withdraw my dick until it
was about halfway inside her.  As I withdrew, the inner
walls of her pussy seemed to hold onto my dick, creating
an effect similar to the one when I entered her.

Gradually I began pumping back and forth.  The grip of
her pussy, combined with the wetness and moisture was
causing that familiar feeling deep within my loins.  Her
gasps became little "Ahh's"  that came in time with each
quickening thrust of my dick inside her.

I don't think I needed to bargain for "about a hundred
times", as the combination of the feeling of her tight
hairless cunt wrapped around my dick, the feeling of her
tiny body under mine, and the fact that she was looking
me right in the eyes as I fucked her brought me over the
edge with the most ball busting orgasm I had ever had.

The force of my orgasm forced me to thrust completely
inside of her, burying my dick to the hilt.  I could feel the
hard little nub of her cervix pressing against my cock
head as I erupted spurt after spurt deep inside her
preteen pussy.  The amount of my jism was so much, and
the room inside her was so little, that after I filled her
preteen womb completely with my spunk, I began to feel
it spurt out between my dick and the walls of her twat,
running down onto my balls and between the crack of
her ass.

I had expended so much energy on my orgasm that I
collapsed on top of her, my dick still buried deeply inside
her.  I rolled over slightly and eased my dick back out of
her tiny twat, and as my cock head emerged from
between her hairless pussy lips, one last spurt of pent up
jism held inside my dick from the tightness of her pussy
splashed across the bare lips of her slit, covering them
completely.

Our deal was done.  It was late however, and the ice
cream man had already gone by for the day.  It was also
getting on to be about supper time, so Pauline slipped out
of the car and put her panties back on under her skirt,
leaving my cum dripping out of that sweet hairless hole
and soaking those pretty white cotton panties.

I saw Pauline around the neigborhood a lot after that.  I
heard from my freinds that she eventually fucked almost
every other boy in the neigborhood, but we never again
got together like that, nor did we ever speak of it again.
Come to think of it, I never did buy her that banana split!
