Archive-name: Bestial/firsonly.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My First (and only) Time


    About eight or nine years ago, when I was a freshman, I moved in
with my now ex wife.  My pay at work was not so good and I had tuition to
pay on top of all my normal expenses.  One night, when I was working at my
job in a local supermarket, I chanced to bullshit with an older woman.
As it turned out, she was a retired professor from Rutgers and the
woman she lived with was an active professor at the College of Pharmacy.
I was, at the time, a freshman at so said college.  As it turned out, she
also employed a guy I went to high school with, to do yard work for her.
She mentioned that he was going away to college and they were in a bind
for a worker.  In light of my financial troubles, I put in my two cents
and was hired for the job.

    Their house was a beautiful, sprawling affair.  Lots of gardens
and woods.  It had a nice size house, along with a smaller apartment
attached to the back.  This proved to be the servants house and attached
to that was a small tool shed.  My duties were simple: weeding, raking,
mowing etc...

    Also, living in the house, was a young black Lab.  Sleek and clean.
I'm not sure how old he was.  Playful as all get out.  Dumb as a brick,
though.  He used to delight in stealing my gardening gloves and making
me chase him all around the yard, to get them back.  We soon became good
friends.  I had no pets of my own and not a lot of time to spend with
people in a social way.  He was a good friend to talk to while I worked
and a lot of fun to play with while I would take breaks.  He liked to
fetch sti cks, something I always thought was really cool for dogs to do
and we liked to play this game for hours, but I am starting to digress....

    Often, I would be hard at work and get all hot and sweaty.  When I
get hot and sweaty, I also tend to get really horny.  It was on these
occasions that I would sneak back into the tool shed, drop my pants and
take my cock in hand and relieve myself.  Often, the thrill of my employer
catching me stroking my youthful cock, in her tool shed, was enough to
get me off very quickly.  One day, for whatever reason, I left the door,
to the tool shed, open and was pumping away, when all of a sudden, Durro
(that was his name) came bursting in.  I almost had a heart attack,
thinking it was my employer catching me at last.  "Shoo you pesky dog",
I said and tried to chase him out.  I wanted to be alone to finish the
work at hand and didn't need his jumping all around to distract me.
It is at this point that something came over me.  I am not sure what,
but all of a sudden I found myself attracted to the idea of having
Durro join me.  I got back on my knees and started to stroke myself
and rubbing my balls until drops of precum started to form on my head.
"Here, have a taste of this", I said and guided his head to my cock.
To my delight, he loved it!!!  His rough tongue lapped in and out as he
tried to gobble up the saltiness from my cockhead.  Faster and faster
I stroked.  This was the greatest!!!!  Not only was I whacking it where
I could ge caught, but getting a tongue job from their do, as well!!!
When I came, my huge streams of jism shot all over his face.  He lurched
back in surprise, as if being shot with a water pistol. but soon got
busy with that long pink tongue cleaning himself up.

    Well, what goes around comes around and I found myself drawn
towards his hairy doggy cock.  I really didn't know what to do, so I just
started to rub his balls and cock.  To my delight, his pink tip started
to poke out and he started to hump my hand.  I watched in fascination
at the long pink rod, growing in my hand.  At the tight furry balls as
they drew up close to his body.  I knew what I had to do next.  Gently,
I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck.  By this point, this
was all he needed to push him over the edge.  He blew his doggy load
in my mouth and on my face.  I swallowed it down and lay there resting.
I couldn't believe what I had just done.  I lay there and rested for a
short time and then cleaned myself up and went back to work.

    We never got together again, as I shortly left their employ after
that.  Ever since then, I have craved to do it again and perhaps try more.
I hope one day I will get that chance.

--
