Archive-name: Bondage/fittobe.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Fit To Be Tied


Tina had been looking for that one special man. The kind of stud who would
counter her demands for submission, slowly get to his feet and burst from his
binds. But the Queen of the Dominatrix' had yet to find him. Th e men whom
she visited all fell to their knees and begged her for mercy, plaintively
asking in a weak voice for her to be gentle. Of course, Tina never was. Her
reputation was solid. She was a beautiful women, with a gorgeous, firm body.
She was the kind of women that men on the streets mistook for an easy lay.
But those who knew her and used her, and wound up tied and pained beneath her
lashing leather whips and rawhide, knew better. Tina would turn without a
warning into a searing, dominating woman; and strong men would cower beneath
her, their pricks hard and throbbing with the excitement of their
humiliation."Lick my boots, you scum," Tina would demand. And her man would
gratefully slide his tongue along the highly polished leather. "Li ck higher
, you deserve to be beaten, but I will allow you the pleasure!" And he would
go higher, up her naked thigh and to her leather garter. Her moist cunt would
be naked, and she would reach down and tightly grab him by the hair and yank
his face up to her sweet honeypie. She would spread her legs and pull him
between and then clamp her thighs around his head. The pain would be intense,
but it would only serve to increase the rapidity at which his tongue
worked."You are nothing! You are luck y to be this close to the ultimate in
humanity-a woman!" He would continue licking, straining his tongue to reach
as far inside her as he could. And then she would violently push him further
between her legs. "You deserve nothing as good as my asshol e, you scum! Eat
it and lick it!!!"And he would, and when she was finished, Tina would throw
him to the floor, tie his ankles to his wrists and roll him around and around
on the floor, digging the six-inch spike of her heel in to the small of his
bac k. He would scream in terror, and when she leveled her foot against his
throbbing cock, he would blanch. She would laugh sardonically."Afraid to lose
the jewels, eh? You think a women cowers before you because of your hardness!
You fool!" And then sh e would release her grip, pull him too his feet and
bind to the manacles hanging from a two by four piece of redwood. The naked
man, his head lowered, would wait. And Tina would begin. With her cat-o-nine
tails and her rawhide whip she would slash th e pink flesh of her victim. He
would beg for mercy.  And oftentimes he would admit his guilt and cry for
forgiveness over a sin.When the threshold of pain was reached, the man would
come. And Tina would inflict the final humiliation by squeezing the b ase of
his prick and keeping him from coming. Then, as she yelled her obscene
abuses,she would gradually loosen her grip until the man was allowed to
ejaculate.Tina was good, very good. She had taken the most powerful and
humiliated them into complet e subjection. But the challenge to herself had
never come, and Tina was always looking out for it. Secretly, she had
expected some all-powerful executive to finally bring her to it. But when it
finally came, it came from the most unexpected of source s.His name was
Frank, and he was nothing more then a house painter. But her had heard the
stories from some of his clients.  He called Tina one evening after the
proper recommendation from one of her regular clients. They arranged a
meeting for later that night.Tina arrived prepared. Wearing her leather bra
with the holes for her nipples, the thigh length leather stocking, her garter
belt and her spiked shoes. She carried a suitcase containing her ropes and
leather, and her gag.Frank greeted her in the nude. He was powerfully built,
tall and with menacing brown eyes. He smiled sardonically at the woman. For
the first time in her life, Tina realized that she had met her match."I've
heard from my friends," Frank began in a low, smooth voice,"t hat you enjoy
humiliation."Tina did not speak. She did not know which way Frank meant it.
She dropped her long coat which covered her leather outfit. Her nipples stood
firm and rigid, and her pubis shown beneath the bare overhead light. The room
was furnished sparingly, with only a table and a ladder. It was a room unlike
any other Tina had ever seen.Frank stood across from her, his eyes devouring
her body. He fondled himself, and began masturbating. His cock grew to
incredible proportions.  Tina began to feel her juices flow."This is where
the power lays, baby," Frank said, holding his cock out. "And any bitch women
who comes along ad degrades my brothers for possessing one has got to be
taught a lesson."Tina backed away from him. She had n ever known fear in a
confrontation before, but now she did. Frank grabbed her hard by the arms and
immediately put her into a half-nelson. Before she could react, he had her
wrists tied, and was shoving her own leather gag around her mouth.Tina strug
gled, her buttocks writhing against Frank's hard prick. He slapped her hard,
leaving a red welted imprint of his hand on her smooth white flesh. "Bitch!"
Frank screamed, then threw her onto the table. Tina tried to kick at him with
her spiked heel, b ut he was able to grab her ankle in mid-air, and
immediately cynch both ankles to rope which bound her wrists."Does it hurt,
bitch? Do you feel the pain? Is this where the power is?" Frank stood above
her, grinning ruefully into the startled brown ey es. "Are you nothing but a
slimy cunt looking for men to humiliate and torture?"Tina shook her head,
then screamed into the gag. Which each movement of her body, she tightened
the ropes which bound her.Frank stepped up to the table and held his cock
against her cheek.  He rubbed the head in circles against her skin, then
stepped back suddenly and slapped her hard on the face. Once again, Tina
flinched, and once again, the pain riddled her body with an electric
jolt."Enough of this," Frank said ca lmly as he began untying the ropes.
Let's take you to the limit. Let's pay you back for all those slobs who've
bowed down to your fucking cunt!"Tina was beyond resisting further. The room
spun. The images of the men she had tied and gagged popped int o her mind.
Their faces pink and frightened, their cocks hard and throbbing, the
plaintive voices agreeing with each one of her verbal assaults. She felt
Frank against herself as she stood-felt his hard, throbbing prick between her
thighs and up agai nst the outer lips of her pussy. Frank rubbed himself
there, and Tina was surprised to notice that her love juices were dripping
like honey down between her legs.Frank ripped at her bra and garter, then
tied her wrists tightly, leaving her feet free.  He held her by the nape of
the neck, squeezing hard and dragged her to the ladder. With incredible ease,
he lifted her onto the ladder and bound her to one of the rungs.Naked except
for her stockings, Tina was suspended a few feet off of the floor, her legs
spread and leering Frank standing below her.  He stared at her cunt, then
violently inserted two fingers into her vagina.  Tina screamed again, and
once again, the cry was muffled beneath the gag.  Frank laughed.Then he
switched position and sa t her down, yanking her legs even further apart. And
once again, he jammed his fingers into her soiled pussy. But the screams of
pain were not as intense this time.Tina watched the man beneath her, felt his
long fingers deep inside herself, and tried to close her thighs around his
hand. She wanted him, there was nothing more she could think. She stared
wide-eyed at his large cock and hungered for it. She was beyond caring about
her own pain, and she merely wanted to please him.  She had traveled the
barren desert between pain and pleasure and wanted now to make the return
journey. Whether or not this cruel, grinning man would allow her that
reprieve was a question she could not answer. Frank used the ladder for a few
more positions, then pul led her off. Now, he reached for her stockings and
ripped them from her leg. "You're naked and vulnerable now.  Nothing but a
stone bitch in heat!!!" He slammed her onto the small table and tied her
again. Her nude body writhed in pain as he pulled th e ropes tighter and
tighter. Tears rolled down Tina's eyes as she felt her muscles being
stretched, and the rope digging into her flesh. She could not stop moving
now, her cunt was throbbing and pain was riddling her body with its bolts of
shock.Frank stood next to the table, moving her and hitting her, and retying
the knots and tightening the ropes. Every few minutes, he would stand back
and hold himself, sliding his hand violently up and down the shaft of his
prick. Tina would watch him, silen tly begging that he would allow her to
take him inside her mouth.Finally, Frank had her tied so that she was in a
fetal position, with her knees to her chin. He walked up to her. holding his
prick and laughed."This is for all the poor bastards who yo u stopped when it
was their time!" Frank held his cock pointed at her face. He began
masturbating hard, and Tina watched, fascinated and excited, as the initial
stream of jism shot from his tip and landed on her cheek. At that moment, she
began writh ing like a trapped animal, oblivious of the pain it caused her.
Tina was having the greatest most powerful orgasm of her life. What had been
a silent challenge to all of those men who she had humiliated had been
answered by Frank. And beneath her gag she smiled as her cunt exploded and
semen streamed down her face.

--
