OPEN MARRIAGE CHRONICLES

"THE RIDE FROM FIVE ROSES"

By BILL AND ELLEN
 
ELLEN'S STORY:
     The last half of July, Bill and I vacationed at a western dude ranch 
with the unlikely name of Five Roses. We signed in at a hotel desk that 
seemed a bit on the urban side to have been what the owners called the bunk 
house. The clerk suggested that we walk over to the arena to watch the 
western show. We changed clothes in our room and strolled outside to join a 
line of guests filing into shaded bleachers surrounding the arena. 
     A young man galloped through a gate held open by a grizzled looking 
ranch hand, twirling a lasso for a quick pass in front of us, his horse 
kicking up clouds of dust. He began a dazzling display of stunts that I 
couldn't even imagine how one would train for. 
      He turned to look back at me as he rode past, grinning as he jumped 
into a reverse sitting position on the saddle, then stretched alongside the 
horse as I remember cowboys doing in old TV movies when they wished to hide, 
not allowing anyone on the far side of the horse to see them. He went around 
half the arena's distance standing on his hands in the saddle, then per
formed some saddle gymnastics that would have impressed my aerobics instruc
tor even if he hadn't been on a horse. We laughed and clapped along with the 
crowd. 
     At the end of his fifteen minute show, he jumped from his horse onto a 
wooden stage at the arena's center, removed his hat to reveal a shock of 
blond hair, and strode to a microphone. He was tall and lean, his blue pants 
stuffed into dark blue boots; I imagined his muscles rippling beneath his 
blue satiny shirt. 
     "I'm Chad," he introduced himself. He was 23 years old. His voice was 
at once husky and high-pitched, something like Oliver North's, breaking now 
and then. He welcomed us to the ranch and invited us to dinner at the "Chuck 
Wagon Chow Hall" just beyond the corral. He climbed back onto his horse, 
standing, and then was gone amid the crowd's cheers.
     An hour later, Bill and I sat across from him at a checkerboard-covered 
wooden table in the dining hall. Chad had been raised on an orphanage ranch 
and had joined the marines when he was only 17. Bill had also been an orphan 
and a marine recon. Chad had served fewer years, but those experiences 
established a bond between them. Chad took a particular interest in me. 
Although Chad was only one of 4 riding instructors, he made sure he was with 
me at every opportunity. 
     The next afternoon, I arrived at the riding stables, attired in white 
boots, a white western hat and a beige cowgirl mini-dress, with fringe 
reaching to mid-thigh. I was raised in a city and had never ridden a horse, 
so after an hour's instruction, I was bumping high in the saddle as this 
uncooperative palomino trotted along a well-worn forest path a couple of 
miles from the ranch. 
      Chad crawled from his horse onto my saddle behind me, his hands press
ing my legs, bared to the hips, tighter against the horse, and blurted, 
"Don't hold the reins so loosely!"
     I turned to Bill, who was smiling at me, and muttered in frustration, 
"Give me another half hour. I can do it, I'm sure." Bill rode alongside 
Chad's horse, grasped the reins, and offered, "Why don't you two keep at it 
until Ellen gets it right? It's about six now, and I'm getting hungry." 
Bill, of course, KNEW he was setting me up. Chad protested halfheartedly, 
but Bill turned and trotted off with Chad's white horse following obediently 
behind.  staying with me until I thought I was doing pretty well. 
     The sun was setting beyond the trees when he suggested we ride back to 
the ranch. I requested that I ride behind him, so we switched places. My 
hands defiantly on my hips, I insisted, "Not so fast. I want to take in the 
view." 
      He turned onto a wooded trail and told me, "Then here's one you 
shouldn't miss." He stopped at a tranquil stream, reddened by the late sun, 
setting beneath tall, fantastic-shaped rocks. 
     "It's beautiful," I admitted and allowed my trembling hands to slither 
around his hips. The horse shuddered beneath us as he shook his mane. I 
rested my cheek on his shoulder as I listened to the stream. His manhood 
grew until half its length throbbed beneath my hands. 
     Although I didn't know at that time, Bill had sneaked back, hoping that 
something would come of the arrangement he'd left. I usually knew when Bill 
was watching, but he was more careful outdoors than in our own home. He'd 
positioned himself on the high rocks above amid the long shadows of the tall 
pines. 
BILL'S STORY: Having circled back, I'd tethered the horse to a pine tree 
fifty yards behind me and was standing on an overhanging flat rock jutting 
from the mound above them. Leaning against a dying stump that was a head 
taller than me, I watched them just twenty feet below. 
     Chad turned his head, his face brushing Ellen's. When she didn't move, 
he kissed her. He came down off the horse onto a bed of damp leaves. She 
glanced down. Her eyes widened. She gasped at the burgeoning tool beneath 
the burgandy jeans that fit him like an elastic glove. His engorged penis 
bulged halfway down his thigh. He pulled her alongside him, their arms 
twining. His hands cupped the fullness of her soft breasts. 
     Her lips ovaled as his huge instrument throbbed against her groin. Her 
face registered as much fear as desire as she stroked his expectant manhood. 
Chad coaxed her to the ground, his body hovering above her. Her hips rotated 
as she thrashed beneath him. Although the evening wind was warm, she was 
shivering with fear and passion.
     He unbuckled her belt and unbuttoned the dress. Her breasts and shaved 
mound lay exposed beneath his intense gaze. His lips trembled as he tugged 
at the snaps  of his shirt and jeans. And now he was nude, his long cock 
curving up an unbelievable length from the tuft of blond pubic hair. Chad's 
body was hard and slender.  His long muscular arms were like tree trunks. 
His fingers that were stroking her tremulant breasts were like bananas.
     His lips closed around a firm reddened nipple that was no[w standing out 
like an Indian's spear. Ellen squeezed his hardness. Her hand was unable to 
close around the breadth of his broad manhood. He wordlessly spread her 
trembling legs apart, his tongue exploring the path to her stomach, then 
flicking across her vaginal lips. 
     She wailed with pleasure as his tongue probed her clitoris. Her groin 
rotated with mad pleasure. 
      He mounted her. Ellen eagerly responded. Her long legs involuntarily 
slid around his hips. The size of Chad's long, bobbing cock as her ankles 
locked around him made me think of her as straddling a horse from beneath. 
Her pussy involuntarily quivered upward. My wife's hands gripped his swollen 
instrument, guiding its bulbous head to her vagina. Her eyes were wide with 
fear and wanton pleasure as she watched his long manhood slither into her 
lubricated depths. She cried, "UNHHHHHHH! I'm so fucking hot! You're KILLING 
me! It's so fucking BIG!" That didn't stop him. I knew she didn't want him 
to stop. He was riding her with the zest he'd displayed on his horse at the  eaming helplessly as his instrument rolled mercilessly 
through her shuddering channel. Sobbing, she was fucking back against him 
with a vengeance!
ELLEN'S STORY:
     I'd forgotten about Bill. My vaginal walls were splitting as Chad's 
huge instrument invaded my depths. I was so hot I didn't know what to do. My 
voice quaking, I pleaded, "Oh, Chad, GIVE it to me! I NEED your cock!" And I 
begged for every inch until I was impaled by his enormous scepter, sunk only 
HALF its length, the head pressing against the back of my vagina. I moaned, 
"Oh, GOD! It's so BIG! So fucking AWESOME!" 
     And now he was riding me furiously! I screamed out, "Oh, GOD! I'm on 
FIRE! I've never FELT like this, don't stop! Don't STOP!" I shuddered like 
the falling leaves around us that were driven by the warm winds. His massive 
cock steamed through my creaming tunnel! I burst into a flame of a desire, 
sobbing with pleasure. 
     As my head was thrashing from side to side, I glimpsed the shadowed 
form of Bill on the rocks twenty feet above us. He was pumping his cock; I 
imagined him grinning down at me, pushing my lust into overdrive! 
     Chad was pounding his monster into me, his lips mouthing my soft 
breasts. 
     My long, slender legs gripped his rippling muscles, my hips lifting 
with each withdrawal, my back surrendering to the leaves' dampness with each 
heart-stopping thrust. Sobbing, I mewed in a long modulated wail, "Oh fuck 
me, Chad, FUCK me! FUCK ME-E-E-E!" Tears pooled in my eyes, streaking my 
cheeks and wetting my hair.
     Chad's eyes were glazed, his lips parted. I felt the climax building 
between the two of us, his cock expanding even further within the tremors of 
my lubricating walls.
     Unexpectedly, he disengaged, pushing me around to my knees. 
     I braced my arms against the leaves as his hands reached around me, 
stroking the fullness of my breasts. His long, curving cock reentered my 
cunt from the rear. 
     My mouth and eyes opened widely at the pain and pleasure as he pushed 
deeper. I gasped passionately when we were finally united, then screamed in 
ravenous ecstasy. He thrust forward savagely. My vaginal muscles tightened 
around his swollen cock. My clitoris fluttered passionately as his huge 
veins bulged, forcing my walls apart with a strength like Goliath's arms 
against the columns of the heathen temple.
     My heart was thumping so strongly, I thought it would jump out of my 
throat. An earthquake rumbled deep within my mind and my vagina; Chad and I 
were falling through a massive, quaking crevice into a fiery well of adul
terous passion, my channel creaming like warm butter as we thrashed against 
each other with the fervor of hellish demons. 
BILL'S STORY:
     Ellen's eyes were rolling as she fucked wildly back against him in long 
strokes. His large rough hands cupped her buttocks. His balls were slapping 
the mounds of her buttocks. Her head gyrated in wide circles, her hair 
flailing the warm night air. 
     My wife's body pulsated in white-hot lust. She turned to watch him as 
she pleaded, "Oh, FUCK me, Chad! Fuck me like I've NEVER been fucked!" And 
he was doing just that, hammering his throbbing tool into her like a jack
hammer. Bucking back against him, she cried, "Oh, Chad, I LOVE your cock. 
God HELP me! I love FUCKING you!" I was drugged with a time-stilling sensa
tion as I watched her hips rolling in erotic rhythem with his every thrust. 
She was staring at him in awe. My jaw sagged in the wonder of their passion.  olled in wide circles as they fucked like demons; it was 
then that she glimpsed me as I gazed down upon them. I was stroking my cock.  
Our eyes locked a second as she tensed. Then, as his tempo increased, she 
looked back at Chad. A low quavering "OHHHHH!" escaped her lips with each 
pummeling. Her soft breasts heaved in tremulant rhythm with Chad's battering 
entry.
     She eagerly bumped her hips against his, matching his every thrust. She 
stared back to watch him as his hips were hammering the roundness of her 
buttocks. 
ELLEN'S STORY:
     My buttocks flattened against his stomach each time he rammed madly 
into me. A rapturous promise of orgasmic passion fluttered within my groin. 
I gasped, feeling the passionate waves building within us. His massive cock 
was expanding to even more monstrous proportions! I fucked my vagina in 
upward circles, squeezing his manhood like a hand wrapped around an udder. I 
squealed, "Come WITH me, Chad! I love it! I LOVE it! I love YOU! Oh god YES! 
I love YOU!" 
     And then it was happening! The stars crashed, exploding in supernova! I 
shut my eyes tightly, sobbing as we came in mind-shattering unison. Lost in 
a steaming forest of erotic wonder, I moaned, "OH-H-H-H, JE-E-E-E-SUS!" Our 
inflamed bodies and minds intertwined in cosmic eruptions as his hot sperm 
continued to burst within my creaming channel. And then again, with each 
shattering orgasm, my eyes rolled, my long hair flailing the night air. His 
cock pulsated as my cuntal walls milked the last of his gushing sperm. I was 
fucking back against him long after he'd no longer been able to thrust into 
me and his slippery organ had begun to soften.
     His chest heaved as he lay alongside me. I glanced to the high rocks. 
Bill was no longer there. Chad would be mine, alone, as long as I wanted him 
for the night.
     Chad and I strolled to the stream, entering the cool water slowly, and 
splashed around a few minutes. I was lubricating again as I gazed at his 
manhood, now lustily rising again. 
     When the warm breeze had dried our fervid bodies, I rolled atop Chad, 
taking his cock in my mouth, bringing him again to his unbelievably long 
hardness. I slurped its length until, his cock far down my throat, my lips 
and tongue fucked him to another orgasm. We spent the night alongside the 
stream. 
     At midnight, I awoke to his muscular body hovering above me. He entered 
me, my moans piercing the star-lit night. We made love with the passion of a 
young stallion fucking an eager mare until three hours before dawn. 
     We rode back to the ranch, where I quietly entered our room. Bill was 
still awake. I told him about all that he didn't see, then drifted asleep. 
At sun-up, he looked down at me and inquired, "How'd you like the special 
guest attention, my little Fuckeroo?" I giggled, pulling on his cock.
     Bill suggested that we drive to a nearby restaurant instead of having 
breakfast in the dining hall that morning. 
     As we emerged from the car into the restaurant's parking lot, we each 
glanced toward at a hand-lettered sign someone had taped to a pickup truck's 
rear window. We laughed. The sign read, "HOW CAN YOU TELL HE'S A COWBOY IF 
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN HIM RIDE?" 
THE END
