Fixup
by deirdre

I still remember the first time my boss's wife came in.  Stacy came 
in and said "Hello?" in this questioning voice that screamed that she 
was filled with curiosity and concern about me.  Then I could feel 
her looking at me the whole time even when I wasn't facing her.

It was clear she was wondering about her husband and me.  But she 
really was worried over nothing: though George is pretty good 
looking, both of them are ten years older than me and I would be 
unlikely to think of George as dating material even if he weren't 
married.  George seemed to find me attractive and he is a bit of a 
flirt, but he really didn't single me out.  And he *did* pay attention 
to Stacy.  And it's no wonder--I'd sure like to look like Stacy now, 
much less ten years from now!  But there wasn't anything that *I* 
could say--to come right out and comment on it would be more likely 
to fan her fears than allay them.  So I just ignored her attention and 
*innocent* questions.

But she didn't seem to get over her worry.  I didn't worry about it too 
much--I felt my job was secure and George didn't seem affected, but 
it did make me uncomfortable.

One day Stacy came in and made small talk and looked like she was 
hiding her suspicions, and then she surprised me.  She asked if I'd 
like to come over for dinner!  Knowing her suspicions, I wondered 
what she were up to.  What would she gain out of all this?

I looked at her, trying to figure her out.  She really did look good--
and she dressed well too.  For a second, I just seemed to be 
hypnotized by the sight of her, but then I realized I was sitting there 
like a fool and spoke up, accepting the invitation.  But I couldn't help 
feeling some trepidation over what it would be like to be under her 
scrutiny for a *social* evening, but even so, I was curious.

George came over to pick me up.  When we arrived at their house, 
Stacy was dressed to kill.  A small, tight knit black dress--showing 
a body which clearly was getting the attention of exercise.  I forced 
myself to avoid staring at her.  There was another *man* there!  She 
was trying to set me up!  They introduced him as Ken and told me he 
had just moved into the neighborhood.  He was very good looking and 
about my age, but I am always suspicious when surprised like that 
and couldn't warm up to him.

We had wine and started dinner and I could see that Stacy was trying 
to draw me and Ken out.  She talked to him when she couldn't get 
much out of me and she even flirted with him a little!  Well, as the 
evening wore on and we all had more wine, I noticed that Stacy's 
attention to Ken hadn't abated.  I wondered whether she had 
forgotten her mission.

Finally George took me home.  Well, actually, half way home he 
paused and said "Let's go see something," and turned around and went 
back.  He parked a couple houses down and drew me into their 
backyard to their windows.  We peeked in.  I couldn't believe we were 
doing this.

We got to their bedroom, and sure enough, Ken and Stacy were in 
there, locked in embrace!  George watched a while.  They didn't 
undress or anything, but just stood there, kissing.  I snuck a peek at 
George and a feeling of sympathy washed over me.  I unobtrusively 
moved over until our shoulders were touching.  I thought he might 
turn to me right then and there.  But we just watched.

They still kissed.  Seeing Stacy so passionate like that did 
something to me.  I got impatient with them--it was time to get on 
with it!  I was about to see him pull off that little dress.

Finally, he started doing just that.  I couldn't breath, and I pressed 
my shoulder against George, a little harder.  But George pulled away 
from the window, immediately pulled me around the house to the 
front door and opened it noisily.  We entered the living room as Stacy 
and Ken were sort of stumbling into the room themselves.  Having 
seen them, it was obvious that they were anxious about things.  
George gave Stacy this strange look and she had the look of a bird 
hypnotized by a snake.  Without taking his eyes of Stacy, George 
suggested that Ken take me home and we left them there like that.

Ken took me home and I was soon in bed, alone, laying awake.  You 
wouldn't believe what fantasies I've been having since that evening.

