                            FIXIN' VIXEN

               A CUSTOM FANTASY BY DASTARDLY DAVE



 Sunset on the Atlantic... What a beautiful sight!  The rays from
behind me as I gazed out over the water glimmered off the water,
shimmering on the waves.  I was sitting on the deck of my beach
condo, sipping (ironically) a Tequila Sunrise and listening to a CD
of my favorite music from the sixties.  I probably had the music
playing too loud, but no one was complaining, so I left it on high.

 I heard something on the beach below me and looked over the
railing of the deck.  A beautiful lady in her early 30's was dancing
by herself to the sounds coming from above.  She was quite a good
dancer and obviously enjoying her solitary dancing, unaware that
anyone was watching.  She moved and swayed to the sounds of "When A
Man Loves a Woman" by Percy Sledge, lost in her memories.

 As the final strains of the classic faded, I said, "You dance
divinely, my dear."  She spun her head around, looking for the
speaker; startled.  Then as she spun around, she looked up at me and
lost her balance, falling to the ground with a sharp cry of pain as
she twisted her ankle on the unsteady sand.

 I ran down the steps to her side.  "I am so sorry, I didn't
mean to startle you," I told her. "Are you alright?"

 "NO, I twisted my damn ankle again," she replied with a
grimace. "It's not really your fault.  I twisted it a few days ago
and should have known better than to dance on it so soon."

 "Can you walk on it?"

 "I don't think so... I need to put some ice on it."

 "Let me help you up to my apartment; I've got an ice pack you
can put on it. It's the least I can do."

 She stood on her one good leg and put her arm around my
shoulder and tried to hop up the stairs.  She was obviously hurting,
so I reached down and picked her up and carried her up the stairs.  
She felt good in my arms and I enjoyed the feel of her breast against
my chest.  I carried her inside and put her down on the couch; placed
her injured ankle on a pillow and went to get the ice pack.

 When I came back, she put her good foot on the floor to give me
room to sit down and tend to her ankle.  I gently placed the ice pack
on her foot and let my eyes rum up her bare legs to her cutoff blue
jean-covered crotch.  Her legs were spread, and I could see a few
silky hairs peeking from the vee of her sex.  I tried not to stare,
but I couldn't help my self.  My eyes traveled on up and I could see
she was not wearing a bra under her tight T-shirt.  She was either
horny or cold, because her nipples were as hard as rocks, tenting the
fabric of her shirt.  I looked on up into the most beautiful
eyes I had seen in a long, long time.  She was smiling slightly.

 "Did you enjoy the view?"

 "Ah, uh, well, uh... would you like something to drink?" I
stammered, embarrassed at being caught being so obvious.

 "Sure," she replied with a mischievous grin. "Some white wine
would be nice if you have it."

 I stood to go to the kitchen and turned quickly to hide my
growing erection.  In the kitchen I reached down and readjusted my
cock.  "It ain't gonna do you any good to get up, boy," I told it
tersely. "This lady's hurting and you ain't got a chance to get any
tonight, so just calm down."  But, as always, he didn't listen to me.  
He had a mind of his own and it was one-track... but at least it
wasn't so obvious after the adjustment.

 I came back into the living room with our drinks and as I
walked toward her she was staring at my crotch.  She turned on her
side a bit and patted the couch beside her for me to sit.  "You
didn't answer my question," she said after she had taken a sip.  She
looked at me prettily over the rim of her wineglass.  "Did you enjoy
the view? I sure did."

 "I can't help looking when I am that close to someone as
beautiful as you are," I replied.

 She reached up and pulled my head down to hers. "You're very
sweet," she said and kissed me.  "Thanks for taking care of me."

 "It's my pleasure."

 "Not yet it isn't," she said and kissed me again, running her
tongue deep into my mouth, moaning softly.  We kissed passionately
for a few minutes, then I broke the kiss.

 "If you don't watch out, this is going to get out of hand and I
don't want to hurt your foot."

 "Let me worry about the damn foot," she replied. "I'll let you
know if it hurts, you can be sure of that!"  And with that, she
reached down, grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and pulled it over her
head.  She shook her brown curly hair as the shirt came off and
dropped the shirt on the floor.  She grabbed my head and drew it to
her breasts.  I wallowed my face in those glorious mounds of flesh,
licking and kissing them all over.  I ran my tongue around and around
her nipples, first one then the other; making them even harder, if
that is possible.  They seemed to swell and grow before my eyes as I
sucked each one again and again.

 As I sucked and lapped at her breasts, she reached down and
unbuttoned my shirt, running her fingers through my chest hair and
sliding the shirt off my shoulders.  I went back up and kissed her
deeply, my chest resting against her warm, wet nipples.  She pushed
me back and grappled with my belt buckle.  I stood up to give her
better access.  She undid my belt, unsnapped my pants and jerked them
and my underwear down, revealing my throbbing manhood.  I stepped out
of my clothes as she grasped my cock and pulled it to her.  She
darted her tongue out and touched the head, licking off the drop of
pre-cum there and running it over her lips.

 "Mmmmmmmmm," she moaned. "I want more!"  and pushed my dick
between her lips.  I could feel her running her tongue around the
glans, then down the sensitive underside.  Then she drew me into her
mouth deeply, my pubic hair brushing her chin as she ran my cock deep
into her throat, giving it exquisite tongue action as she did.  My
legs started to give way in pleasure, so I rested my knees against
the couch, being careful not to jar her foot.

 As she sucked and licked my flaming cock, I reached down and
ran my hand into her jeans, sliding the middle finger into her slit.  
Her pussy was already very wet and I let the tip of my finger enter
her sopping cunt.  I drew it back out and let it slide slickly over
her clit.  She moaned loudly around the cock in her mouth and the
vibrations nearly made me shoot my wad down her throat right then!
Talk about a hum job!

 I unbuckled her jeans and unzipped them, pushing them as far
down her luscious legs as I could with my cock still in her throat.  
She spread her good leg as wide as possible, but the jeans were
binding her.  I pulled my dick from her mouth and slid her pants and
panties down, taking extra care sliding them off over her injured
ankle.  She spread again and I could see the lips of her pussy
winking at me wetly.  I dropped to my knees beside her and buried my
face in her pussy.  The sweet smell of her hot, horny pussy was like
perfume.  I spread the lips to reveal her hard clit, extending redly
out at me.  I nibbled at it gently, causing her to squeal in
pleasure.  I reached up and ran my fingernails softly across her
nipples  as I lapped at her pussy.  Then I took them between my
fingers and lightly pinched as I ran my tongue deep into her hot
snatch, lapping her juices up hungrily.
    I laid my tongue flat against her clit and gave it long, slow
licks as I reached down with my right hand and slid my thumb into her
cunt, with the rest of my fingers running down into the crack of her
cute little ass.  My thumbnail was quite long, but I kept it dull and
well-rounded.  It pressed up against that special bundle of nerves in
her pussy as I continued to lap at her clit with long, slow strokes.
 She began to buck against my hand and tongue, her passion
building to a peak.  As she started to cum, I withdrew my thumb and
inserted three fingers deeply into her as her orgasm grew.  I
continued to lap and jab her clit with my tongue as I thrust my
fingers in and out of her dripping pussy, faster and faster.  She
grabbed a throw pillow and pressed it to her mouth and screamed in
pleasure as her cum reached it's peak.  Even with the pillow to
muffle her cries, I was afraid the neighbors would think there was a
murder going on.
 She writhed against my tongue and fingers as I backed off on
the speed with which I was stimulating her as she cam down from the
heights of ecstasy.  As her cum ended, after 15 or 20 seconds, I let
my fingers gently slide out of her, covered in her spendings.
 I sat back on my haunches and massaged her mound softly as I
licked my other hand, drinking down her juice and marveling at the
sweet, yet tangy flavor.  Then I leaned down and put my arms around
her and held her tenderly as she basked in the afterglow.  I couldn't
believe it when I looked up.  Throughout the encounter, she had not
moved her injured ankle and the ice pack was right where I had left
it!
 After a sort while, her eyes fluttered open and she smiled at
me with a beautiful smile.  "That was fantastic!" she said.  "And it
didn't hurt my foot at all!  Now I want you to fuck me, fuck me hard
and deep and fill my pussy with your cum, mix your cum with mine,
baby."  She pulled her good leg to her chest and spread as wide as
possible.  With one foot on the floor and the other knee on the couch
between her legs, I positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy
and slid it in slowly.
 Her pussy was very hot and slick with her cum; and very tight
in spite of the serious fingerfucking I had given it.  Her cunt
grasped my cock and squeezed as I fucked her.  She put her good foot
in the small of my back and pulled me into her steaming pussy harder.  
Her pussy was clenching on my cock as I went faster and faster;
harder and harder.  I palmed her nipples and mauled her breasts as I
pounded my cock into her.
She had her eyes clenched tightly shut and grabbed for the
pillow again, so I knew she was going to cum again.  I felt the juice
boiling up from my balls, but I held off until she started to come;
then I thrust and pounded my cock into her furiously as the cum
blasted from the head of my dick, filling her pussy with jism as she
flooded with her hot pussy juice again.  Our love fluids flowed
together and ran from her pussy down the crack of her ass, puddling
on the couch between her legs.
 I collapsed on her, panting heavily from the exertion.  As we
recovered, we nuzzled and cuddled, kissing each other gently and
whispering nonsense words.  She reached down between us and said,
"I'm afraid we've stained up your nice couch."
 "Not to worry, my dear," I replied. "That's what ScotchGard was
invented for!"
"Oh, goody, then can I come over tomorrow and sprain my ankle
again?"


