            FLASHING HER HUSBAND'S BEST FRIEND
             
                       by Ed Ventur                          


     "Get dressed up, Katie," Carl ordered.  "Remember I promised
Jeff that you would flash for him.  Well, he's in town and I
invited him over about eight."

     Katie was flustered.  "Well, I didn't know I agreed to
that," she protested.

     "Damit Katie, you always pull this shit.  Remember when 
I sent him that letter about how he could look up your skirt?  
Now I want you to get on a nice skirt and blouse with nylons and 
heels, no bra.  And wear those panties I like, with the little 
stripes in them.  They really show off your crotch."

     Katie hesitated.  She didn't say anything.  She knew that
Jeff was Carl's best friend.  They had been like brothers when
they were young.  But she had only met him once before, and then
he was with his wife, Alice, who was in town with him, but
visiting her sister.  She really didn't know him very well, still 
she could feel the sexual energy in the air.     

     "Just do what I tell you and relax.  We'll have a couple 
of glasses of wine and you don't have to do anything you don't
want to.  But I want you dressed, just in case you change your
mind."        

     Jeff arrived as the clock was striking eight.  Carl got out
some cheese and crackers and opened a bottle of Temecula Valley
wine.  He poured a taste of wine in his glass and swirled it
around, then raised it to his face to inhale the fragrance.  He
imagined the wonderfully rich soil in which the grapes had grown
and the marvelous sunshine which had ripened them.

     "Good nose," he commented. Carl was as much a connoisseur 
of fine wine as a television preacher is knowledgeable of 
religion, but he enjoyed the game.

     Katie was on her second or third cracker, by the time Carl 
finally poured hers.  First, he had to take a sip himself,
according to protocol. 

     "Ausgeseichnet," Carl proclaimed, thinking of the trivia one
must master in order to appear wise in this day and age.

     They talked about what was happening in their respective
lives.  Carl poured Katie a second glass of wine.  He could tell
that she was already feeling the effects of the first one.  She
tended to be a bit shy and uptight.  But, he knew the night was
young and that with a couple of glasses of wine she was capable 
of anything.  That was one of the reasons he loved her so much.

     As Katie's wine glass edged towards empty, Carl suggested
they move on into the living room to be more comfortable.  Katie
and Carl sat down on the couch.  Carl motioned for Jeff to sit
on the floor in front of them.  Katie pulled her skirt up to
her knees. 

     Carl had written to Jeff earlier that Katie had agreed to
let him look up her skirt.  Jeff was anxious and Katie seemed
oblivious to what was going on.

     Carl said to Katie.  "Remember when I wrote to Jeff that you
agreed to let him look up your skirt?"  Carl put his arm around
her.  "So let him look."

     Katie took another sip of wine and reached down to pull her
dress up to a spot just a few inches over her knees.  Then she 
took another sip of wine.

     It was quiet for a long minute.  Then she slowly spread her 
legs apart, just a little bit.

     Jeff was intently looking up her skirt.  Finally he said,
"You've got a nice pair of legs, but it's hard to see in the
dark."
        
     Carl got up and went to the cupboard and brought back a 
flashlight.  Katie took another sip of wine as he sat down beside

her and kissed her on the cheek.  "Relax.  Enjoy yourself."  His 
words were reassuring.  She seemed less tense.

     Jeff was shining the flashlight up her skirt.  "I can see
your thighs above your nylons.  That's really sexy, but I can
just barely see your panties.  Can you spread your legs just
a little more."

     Katie complied by sliding down a bit on the couch and
spreading her legs another several inches.  It was enough for Jeff
to get a good look at her panties and at the darkening, damp spot 
that was starting to appear in the crotch. The light shone from 
underneath her skirt.  "Oh, that's nice," he replied.

     "Jeff likes the view," Carl whispered in her ear.  He kissed
her on her lips and then on her neck.  Katie shivered.

     "Do you like to have guys look up your skirt?" Carl
whispered in his wife's ear.         

     "Yes," she replied.

     "Are you getting wet?" 

     "Yes."
     
     "Will you let anyone I bring home look up your skirt?"

     "Oh, yes, anyone you want."

     "Would you like to show off your pussy?"

     "Oh, yes, whatever you say."

     "I want you to pull your panties down now."

     Jeff watched intently as Katie lifted her skirt enough to
reach the waist band of her panties.  Slowly she pulled them
down so that her ass was bare.  Her panties were bunched up in
front of her crotch.  Slowly she pulled them down her legs to
her ankles, and then kicked them off and let them fall on the
floor.  

     Carl said to Katie, "Now I want you to put you ankles on 
Jeff's shoulders."

     She raised her right foot on his shoulder, being careful
not to hook him with her heel.  

     Then she raised her other leg and put it over his other 
shoulder.  Jeff steadied the flashlight on her exposed pussy.  

     "Jeff can see your pussy now.  Is that sexy for you?"

     "Oh, yes.  I want him to see my pussy."

     "Spread your legs wide so your pussy is wide open.  That's
sexy for a man to see."

     Katie was breathing heavily as she moved her ass forward
on the couch.  She removed her high heeled shoes and put one of
her stockinged heels up on the couch, and then the other, so that
her legs were spread apart.  Jeff held the flashlight on her wet,
open pussy.

     "Now I want you to put your finger on your pussy."

     Katie reached down and put a finger of each hand on either
side of her pussy.  She played with her sparse, blonde pubic
hair, showing off her prominent lips.  Slowly she edged her
lips apart.  Jeff shuddered as Katie exposed to him the inside
of her cunt.    

     "Would you like to masturbate for Jeff."

     "Masturbate.  Oh, yeah, masturbate."  She was lost in the
excitement of it all and began to rub on her clit.

     "Are you getting hard, Jeff," Carl asked.

     "You think I'm dead."

     "Show Katie your hard on," Carl replied.  "She likes cock."

     Jeff stood up.  His pants were bulging.

     Katie sighed.  "Take it out Jeff.  I want to see your cock."
Her words surprised Carl.

     Carl got up and turned on a lamp.  "Now we can all enjoy
the show a little more," he said.

     Jeff started to pump his cock as he watched Katie's finger
rub slowly on her clit.

     Carl started to unbutton her blouse.  Katie's
breasts were very sensitive.  She squirmed as he covered her
tits with his hands.  He played with her nipples, which were
large and firm and a dark pink color.  He noticed that Jeff
was enjoying the show. 

     Jeff was slowly stoking his cock, enjoying the view.  Katie
spread her legs wider.

     Carl said to Jeff, "I want you to rub her leg."

     Jeff reached for her ankle with both hands and then ran them

up her leg to the top of the nylon.  He fingered her garter belt 
strap and then caressed her thigh just above the top, hesitating
to go any farther.  Katie continued to stroke her clit.

     Carl said to Katie, "I want you to use your hands to play 
with your tits."

     "If you say so," Katie replied.  She moved her hands to her
breasts.  

     "Now I want you to raise up your ass a little bit."

     She did and Carl pulled her dress up to her waist.

     "I want to watch Jeff play with your pussy," Carl said to
Katie.  "Alright?"

     "Whatever you say," Katie replied breathlessly.  Her hips
begin to undulate slowly in anticipation. 

     "I want you to tell Jeff that you want his hand there," Carl
said to Katie.

     Katie groaned and started to move her ass on the couch. 
"Do I have to?" she replied.

     "Do what I tell you," Carl said.

     "OK.  Jeff, I want your hand in my pussy," Katie said 
breathlessly.

     Jeff moved his hand up her thigh and gently begin to caress
her wet lips and the liquid opening of her cunt.   

     Katie groaned and again twisted her body.

     Jeff's middle finger begin a rhythmic motion on her clit.
Katie's head was back on the couch.  She continued to rub
her nipples.

     Katie groaned, loosing control.  Her face was contorted with

sexual pleasure and she begin to moan softly and then louder,
becoming unaware of her actions.  Her body began a wildly rhythmic
movement and quickly went into orgasm.

     "Let her suck on your cock, Jeff," Carl stated.

     Carl gently moved his wife into a hands and knees position 
on the couch.

     Jeff put his cock in Katie's mouth.  She started to suck on 
it.       

     Katie's cunt was wide open and dripping wet.  The couch was
wet too, but nobody cared.  Carl caressed the cheeks of her ass
and then spread them apart. "I'm going to fuck you now," he said.

     "Oh, yes.  Oh, yes.  Fuck me.  Fuck."

     Carl shoved his cock as far into her cunt as it would go.

     Jeff jumped back, afraid that he might get bitten. Katie was 
beside herself with passion.

     "Do you want Jeff to fuck you?" Carl asked.

     "Yes.  Oh, yes," Katie moaned.

     "Ask him."
     "Jeff, fuck me.  I want you to fuck me."  Katie was out of
control.

     Carl turned around and slid underneath his wife on the
couch, in a 69 position.

     Katie took her husband's dripping cock into her mouth.  

     Carl watched as Jeff got up on the couch and rubbed Katie's 
cunt.  Then he stuck his finger inside of her as Carl watched
from close range.  His wife's cunt was wide open and dripping
with a woman's fragrant liquid.  Jeff stuck his cock inside of
her and begin to fuck her.  Carl reached his face up to her clit
and started to lick it as Jeff continued to fuck her.  The rhythm
continued for a short time and then Carl could feel Jeff
shooting his wad into Katie's cunt.  Carl thought it extremely
sexy to watch, and feel, his wife being fucked by another man. 

     Jeff pulled out his cock and Carl turned Katie over on her
back.  He spread her legs wide open and saw that her cunt was
filled with white cum.  It was leaking out now, running down her
ass and onto the couch.  He again shoved his cock into her cunt.
It was open and wet with her juices and Jeff's semen.  It felt 
extremely hot and slippery.  He fucked her, feeling her tight 
muscles that had just milked the juice out of Jeff's cock.

     "Did you like to fuck Jeff?"

     "Oh, yes.  Oh, yes.  Thank you.  Fuck me.  Fuck me."

     Jeff was back on the floor watching as Carl fucked his wife,
the marvelous piece of ass that was still dripping his hot sperm.

     Carl reached down and put his finger on Katie's asshole. 
It was slippery with Jeff's semen that had leaked out from her
cunt.  He played with her asshole as he continued to fuck her.
Then he came with a sharp cry and shot the biggest load that he
could remember in a long time. 

     Katie wrapped her legs around him and came and came and
came. She cried.  And then laughed.  
 
     They lay there for some time holding each other and kissing,
speaking softly to each other.

     Then Carl led her to the bedroom.  He coaxed her to the
center of the king sized bed and lay down next to her.  She turned
to hold him in his arms, pushing her belly into his hot, moist
groin.

     Jeff got in on the other side and snuggled up against her
shapely buns, carefully adjusting his flaccid cock between the
wet crack of her ass.

     Alice, Jeff's wife, found the three of them in this position,
sound asleep, when she walked into the bedroom about twenty
minutes later.        



                          The End


     If you enjoy the quality, erotic writing of Ed Ventur, send
one dollar ($1.00) and a SASE for our complete list:  

               J un K Publishing
               P.O. Box 22351
               San Francisco, CA 94122

