Archive-name: 3plus/flat2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Flat Tire - 2


Lube & Change

  The story continues.  What a weekend!  I was able to go back to see my
  flat tire lady this Friday and boy was the trip worth it.  For those of
  you who haven't read "Flat Tire" yet, do.
  I got to her place around six o'clock Friday afternoon.  I had on an
  old pair of blue jeans and a t-shrit.  I didn't want to wear anything
  too nice since I was going to do the lube and oil change first.  It was
  hotter than hell out and the humidity was real high.  The whole way down
  I was wondering what wild things were going to happen tonight.  I wasn't
  sure if anything would or not.  Last week might have been a one time good
  deal.  I was about to find out.  When I knocked on the door my heart was
  pounding.  Would she even answer the door?  I would say that when she
  opened that door most of my questions were answered?  I took one look
  at her and my eyes about popped out of my head.  She had on a pair of
  short blue jean cut offs that had slits cut almost all the way up the
  side.  These things barely covered her sweet ass.  She had on a string
  bikini top that just covered her nipples and made her tits look bigger
  than I remembered from last week plus she was bare foot.  Best of all
  she had her nice long hair down. As soon as the door was shut, we
  locked in a embrace and a long hot kiss.  Our tongues probed each
  other and the heat was intense. She started to rub my crotch and I
  instantly got a hard-on.  I broke our kiss and began to kiss her
  neck working my way down between her mounds of beauty.  I had my
  hands on her ass giving her butt a gentle squeeze.  My cock was hard
  as a rock now and I knew things were going to get wild.  We broke our
  bear hug and I told her I was glad to see her again.  She looked down
  at me and said,"I can tell."  I asked if she had the stuff for her car.
  I wanted to get the light work out of the way so I could leave more
  time to play.  I got the stuff and went outside.  She said she would
  fix the dinner for me that I never had the other day.  Sounded like a
  plan and I left for the outside. I quickly finished the job and headed
  back inside.  I was ringing wet with sweat because it was so hot out.
  I stopped by my car and got my overnight bag that I brought with me.
  When I came in I heard some activity in the kitchen.  I asked how dinner
  was coming and she told me that by the time I took a quick shower it
  would be ready.  As I walked to the bathroom I thought it was a little
  strange that she had on a short bath robe and her hair was up.  Then I
  thought she must have taken a shower while I was out and thought nothing
  more of it.  I quickly finished my shower and was ready to find out what
  the night was to bring.  As I was drying off I heard her say come and
  get it.  I was ready for that.I stuck my head out of the bathroom as
  I finished drying off and she said come on.  I told her I needed to
  put something on real quick and she said come as you are.  I came into
  the other room with nothing but a towel and sat down at the table.
  She still had her robe on.  The lights were down low and the room was
  dimly lit with candle light.  She went over and put on some dance music.
  She started to dance around the table in a very sexy way.  First she
  came up behind me and reached over my shoulders and rubbed my chest.
  Then she danced some more.  While she danced she loosened her robe but
  didn't open it up yet.  Then she let it hang free as she had her back
  to me.  When she turned around she opened it up and showed me what she
  had on under it.  It was a bright orange g-string bikini that stood out
  boldly against her tan.  She let her robe fall to the floor and
  continued her sexy dance.  She came over in front of me and put one foot
  up on the table.  That wide stance of hers gave me a great beaver shot.
  Her legs were long and smooth.  She leaned forward and shook those
  beautiful breasts of hers in my face.  She reached up and undid her hair
  and it cascaded down in front of me.  She then danced around me tickling
  me with that long hair of hers.  When she turned her back to me and shook
  her ass in my face I reached up and untied her top. She reached up and
  cupped her breasts and danced away from me.  Then she took her hands
  down and with them removed her top.  As the music finished she turned
  around with nothing on but her g-string.  She then sat down across from me.
  Her hair covered her breasts but I could see her hard nipples sticking
  through her hair.  My cock was so stiff it pulsated with every beat of
  my heart.  It glistened with the clear fluid that came from it in
  anticipation of what was to come.  I could barely eat.  The site of
  my nearly naked dinner partner made it hard to think of food.  After we
  finished a quick dinner she said she wanted desert.  "Some pie would be
  nice," she said. "Banana," I replied.  "Yes," and with that she got up
  and walked over to me.  I slid my chair back from the table and spread my
  legs.  She got down on her knees in front of me a put my cock in her
  mouth.  That warm wet mouth of hers felt like pure heaven.  She sucked
  on my cock slowly. Licking it up and down and fondling my balls so
  carefully.  Her long hair tickled my balls and belly.  She took my dick
  out of her mouth and started to stroke it.  She then started to lick my
  balls and first put one in her mouth then the other.  By now I was on
  the edge.  I was about to blow a wade big enough to fill a bucket.  She
  put the head of my dick in her mouth and continued to stroke it with
  one hand and played with my balls with the other.  My head was back
  and my eyes were closed.  I could feel the force building up within me.
  As I was about to come I opened my eyes and leaned forward.  I reached
  down and pulled her hair back from around her face so I could see her
  taking my cock in.  Then I exploded.  She wrapped her mouth around
  my dick and took it all in.  I came with such force that I thrust
  my butt up off the chair.  She sucked and swallowed,sucked and
  swallowed until she had milked me dry.  She licked that dick of mine
  clean.  I could hardly breath.  She licked her lips like a cat that
  just finished a saucer of milk.  I asked how she liked that banana.
  She said it was nice and creamy and it stood up well under pressure.
  Now it was my turn.  I reached under her arms and brought her to her
  feet.  Then we changed places.  Her g-string was soaked.  I first
  started by tickling her toes.  Then I gently stroked her soft legs and
  gently scratched the inside of her thighs with my finger nails.  I
  worked my way up that soft and supple body of hers slowly and
  lightly caressing it. When I reached her breasts I blew on her nipples
  and they became hard. Then I put them between my thumb and index finger
  and oh so gently rolled them back and forth.  She was squirming in the
  chair now and her moans of pasion were low and steady.  I then sucked
  on one nipple then the other.  Back and forth in a relentless fashion.
  I reached up and cupped her breasts together and licked up and down
  the slit between them.  Her ass was squirming about on the chair and
  her g-string looked like somebody had put water on it.  I new it was
  time to release some of the tension inside this lady.  I slide down
  between her legs and massaged her pussy through the wet material
  with my nose. I was taking in what fine aroma with every stroke.
  I reached up and pulled that little thing to one side and started
  to stroke that sweet slit of hers with all my delight.  Her moans
  were quickening and she couldn't sit still.  I licked in a steady
  slow rhythm that was driving her wild.  Faster and faster my tongue
  went.  Her head tossed about wildly.  My tongue darted in and out of
  her pussy.  I spread her legs even wider so I could bury my head
  deeper into her pussy.  I reached up and parted her pussy lips.
  I licked the inside of that beautiful snatch.  First one side then
  the other.  Finally her legs came shut around my head and she put
  her hands on the back of my head.  I could hardly breath.  My head
  bobbed up and down.  My tongue was licking with all its might.  Her
  breathing was fast and hard.  All of a sudden her legs clamped down
  around me and she pushed my head harder into her pussy and came with
  such force I couldn't believe it.  Every muscle was tight and she
  heaved about wildly.  It seemed to last for a long time.  She
  finally released the death grip she had on me so I could catch my breath.
  I continued to stroke and lick her thighs.  Boy she has a nice pair of
  legs.  Then I stood up and we kissed long and deep. You could still
  taste the passion on our lips.  She asked how I liked my pie.  "I told
  her the crust was flaky and smooth, and the filling was sweet and juicy.
  Just how I like it."  We then got up and cleared the table.  It felt
  so sexy with the two of us walking about with nothing on.  After we
  cleared the table we went into the living room and turned on the TV.
  There wasn't much on so I suggested I get a movie I brought.  I had
  brought a real hot porn flick with me to fill the dead space.  I put
  the movie on and when I turned around she was on the floor totally nude.
  She was on her stomach with her legs apart.  The movie started and she
  watched it like she was taking notes.  I came around behind her and got
  on my knees between her legs. I started to massage her legs and ass.
  From time to time I would brush my fingers across her still wet pussy.
  The action on the movie was getting hotter and hotter.  So was I.  My
  cock was getting hard again as I continued my massage.  I leaned
  forward to give her a kiss and when I did my cock went between the
  cheeks of her ass.  I continued to kiss her and stroked my dick between
  those soft buns.  The guy on the movie was screwing the chick from
  behind now so I thought that wasn't a bad idea.  I reached down and
  put my hands on her waist and pulled her ass up into the air.  Then
  I guided my dick into that lovely wet tunnel of hers and started to
  stroke.  We both watched the movie as I pumped away in a slow steady
  motion.  Our moans were blending in with those of the movie.  As the
  couple on the movie started to pump faster and faster so did we.  I
  reached up and fondled her tits and pounded deeper and deeper.  I was
  getting close now so I reared back and grabbed her by the hips.  I
  drove my dick home hard and deep.  She was coming again and the tight
  grip her pussy had on me was too much.  I came deep and hard inside her.
  We fell to the floor and watched as the guy in the movie blew his load
  all over the back of the gal.  She looked at me and said what else do
  you have in mind. "I'm not sure yet.  I suggested we stop the movie
  and save the rest for latter.  It was getting late so we moved into
  the bedroom.  We took the VCR in with us and hooked it up to the TV.
  We got cleaned up and ready for bed.  She put on a sexy red teddy
  that made me want to jump her bone again.  She turned back on the
  movie and watched it as we played with each other.  I always liked
  that movie.  We finally fell asleep.

  The next morning I thought I was dreaming until I opened my eyes. There
  was my sex kitten sucking wildly on my dick trying to wake me up.  No
  doubt she had my dick awake.  The site of her in that red teddy and that
  long hair with her sweet mouth wrapped around my dick was just the way
  I like to get up in the morning.  I was able to lean forward enough to
  pull off her top.  I love to look at those breasts of hers.  Then I
  managed to turn her around so I had that beautiful ass of hers at
  my face.  I took the bottoms off and exposed that sweet pussy of hers.
  She didn't miss a stroke as she sucked on my cock.  I buried my
  face in that lovely pussy of hers and started to lick with all my might.
  Her expert cock sucking was getting to be to much for me and I blew my
  first load of the day deep and hard down her throat. She sucked on it
  until it was just a limp noodle.  I continued my assault on her lovely
  snatch.  Licking with a feverish pitch.  She was a straddle of me
  upright now.  Her hair and tits bounced free in the air.  As I tongued
  that pussy of hers I could see her playing with her tits.  She was
  tossing about wildly now and I knew she was getting close.  She came
  with a wild reaction and fell on the bed beside me. Now that is the
  best part of waking up.  We both fell back to sleep.  A few hours
  latter we got up and paraded around the apartment in our birthday
  suits while we ate breakfast.  We decided to hang around the pool
  all day and just do nothing.  It was a bright sunny day just perfect
  for doing nothing.  I had to leave for awhile but guaranteed her I
  would be back that afternoon ready for what ever the day and night
  brought.

  I got back to her place about mid afternoon.  She was down by the pool.
  She had on a very sexy bikini that showed off her body real well.  I
  sat down in the lounge beside her and she asked if I wanted her to put
  some lotion on me.  I said sure.  I laid down on my stomach which
  turned out to be a good idea.  I had on a pair of speedos so I know
  if I got excited it would easily show.  Well I was right I got
  excited by her soft hands rubbing in the suntan lotion.  She just
  laughed.  Lucky for me by this time in the afternoon most everybody
  had left the pool.  There was just one other couple and some gal
  reading a book.  When it looked like no one was looking I made a
  dash for the water.  The cold water reduced the size of things for me.
  Then my flat tire lady got in the water with me.  We swam around and
  chased each other for a while.  We finally stopped on the side of the
  pool away from everybody.  The gal reading the book had left and just
  the other couple was around now.  They were busy playing there own games.
  My lady came over to me and we stood there in about 5 feet of water.
  We talked and hugged for a while.  Then I felt her hand on my crotch.
  She started rubbing my cock through my suit and the results were instant.
  I stood there and tried to look natural but it was getting very difficult.
  I warned her that somebody else might come and that they would see us.
  With that she stuck her hand under my suit and pulled them down to just
  below my balls and started to stroke my cock even harder.  I was getting
  real close so I broke loose and swam for the deep end.  She followed and
  I could feel her tugging at my suit.  I thought I was going to loose it.
  I managed to get away and get my suit back up.  As we caught our breath
  we noticed the last couple leaving.  They were in a tight lip lock with
  there hands all over each other.  No doubt what they were off to do.
  We got out of the pool and went over to the jacuzzi.  The warm water
  and bubbles felt relaxing.  The water covered us up to our shoulders
  and tickled every part of my body.  Then I felt those hands of hers
  go for my cock again.  She pulled my suit down to about my knees and
  started to rub my cock with slow steady strokes.  I was hard as a rock.
  I thought why not so I reached over and pulled down her bottoms and
  rubbed her pussy.  The bubbling water around my dick felt great.
  I pulled her bottoms the rest of the way off and set her down on my
  waiting cock. The danger of getting caught made things just that
  more exciting.  Plus the water made the fit that much tighter.  The
  warm water shooting around my ass and balls had me in a hot rage.  I
  had my hands on her ass and was pumping like no tomorrow.  It didn't
  take long and I filled my lady up with my love cream.  I know somebody
  had to have heard us.  We put our suits back on and went up to her
  apartment.  When we got inside I drew up a bubble bath for my lady
  and cleaned her up real good then I jumped in with her.  We spent the
  rest of the night running around the apartment nude fondling each other
  and fucking and sucking when we could.  Needless to say I slept good
  that night.

  We got up the next morning and made love one more time.  She had to
  leave for a ten day road trip so we wouldn't see each other next weekend.
  That was good in a way because I needed a rest.  She told me she would
  make it up to me when she got back.  What next!

--
