Archive-name: 3plus/flat1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Flat Tire - 1


I was coming back from the beach the other day all down and out when
something happened to change my outlook. It had rained off and on all
holiday weekend right through the 4th. Monday I bagged the beach routine
and made the 90 mile trip back north. I decided to stop at the mall
about 30 miles from home and check out some music at the record store.
I needed some blues for the rest of this trip. As usual I will park next
to any other Mustang GTs and today I spotted a sharp blue over gray.
We Mustang owners stick together. Safety in numbers you know. I went
in the mall and stopped by the record store. I always go to the same store
because they have the best looking gals of the three stores. We are talking
hot! They have one gal that looks like Whitney Houston. I love equal
opportunity especially when it looks like that. I made my selection and
checked out. I thought my luck was about to change when my dream gal
checked me out. Well she sounded as good as she looked but I miss cued
and was on my way. I left the mall worse that when I came in. When I
got to the door it looked like rain again and I thought shit. When I got
close to the car I saw someone down by the wheels. Great, now somebody is
trying to steal my wheels. What else could happen. I quickly got over to
the car and saw a lady trying to change the tire on the blue Mustang.
She had the jack and the lug wrench out and seem to not know a whole lot
more. Like I said we Mustang owner stick together. I offered to help which
she quickly accepted. She had a business suit on but had the jacket off. Her
off white blouse was open down the front and fit loose so I couldn't tell
what the size of her tits were. Her gray skirt went down to about six
inches below the knee and her dark stockings and high heels made a nice
outfit. I started to work on the jack and began to wish she was working
on my jack. She knelt down beside me and started to make small talk. This
was one of those times I was glad I have good peripheral vision because
her blouse was open enough I could see part of her nice lace bra. From
what I could see she had a good sized pair of hooters. I asked her what
she did and she said she was a traveling salesperson. My mind went wild.
I asked her what she sold and she said she handled a complete line of
Christen books. Great! Well back to the job at hand and a hand job latter.
Could things get worse? Yes they could. She said that normally her husband
would handle these things for her."Is that a fact." Then she said but since
her divorce she had to deal with her problems on her own. Car problems can be
a real drag I told her. She told me car problems weren't her only problem.
Things were looking up and so was my cock. It started to rain lightly when
I was about finished and as I put the flat tire in the back the sky opened
up. We got soaked. We jumped in her car real quick and started to talk
about the rain. The rain had soaked her blouse and I could make out that
pretty lace bra now. Nice assets. The cool rain made her nipples stand out
and I wanted them. She said she hoped she could make it home ok on the
undersized spare. Not missing the cue this time, I offered to follow her
home. She told me I had done more than enough but I said no problem. She
said ok but only if I would come in for some coffee when we got there.
Great!  I jumped in my car and we were on our way. It wasn't long and
we were at her place. We got caught in the rain between the parking lot
and her place and got even wetter. When we got inside the water was
dripping off of us. I was shivering from the cold and for other reasons
and so was she. She went and got me a towel and came back drying her face.
I was drying my face when I heard her say you need to get out of those
wet cloths. Before I could drop the towel from my face I felt a tug at my
pants. By the time I had the towel from my face she had my pants undone
and was grabbing at my stiffening cock. She slid my pants and shorts to
the floor and popped my dick in her mouth. I could see the whole thing
because her hair was still up. She sucked on my cock and reached up to
undo my shirt. I stood there with my shirt open and my cock in her mouth.
She sucked with furry and played with my chest with her soft hands.
It wasn't long and I warned her she was about to get more than my cock
in her mouth. She moaned an ok but I wanted to see those tits. I reached
down and pulled her to her feet and undid her blouse. I leaned forward
and kissed her neck worked my way down to her tits. I worked my way down to
that beatiful lace bra and could see her nipples through the wet material.
I stopped at the junction between those luscious mounds and to my delight
it was a front hooker. I undid the hook and let them hang free. I would say
they were about 36c+. Large enough and well shaped. I put both hands around
the base and started to lick the nipple making my circles larger and larger.
Then I did the same to the other one. Like I said I believe in equal
opportunity. She was moaning with pleasure now. I pushed her blouse and
bra off and she was nude from the waist up. What a site! Her ribs stuck out
and the site of her bare back drove me wild. She went back down on me and
sucked with a new found fury. She cupped my balls and fondled my chest
until I thought I was going to pass out. Then I reached down and placed
my hands on her bare back pushing her forward. My dick came out of her
mouth and I placed it between those nicely shaped tits. I began to thrust
and with every thrust my dick came close enough were she could lick the end.
The site of those magnificent tits around my cock was to much. Her bare
torso and that gray skirt, dark stockings with those high heels is a
picture I may never forget. She put her hands on my ass and helped
with each thrust. I soon announced I was about to come and she wildly
agree with,"Let me have it." I shot a load on her face and those tits
like never before. When I slowed down she popped my cock back in her mouth
and licked it clean. I just fell to the floor. When I looked up she was
covered with my come and had a smile. She grabbed the towel and wiped clean.
She took my hand and I came to my feet. She finished taking my shirt off
and I stepped out of my pants. She put her bra back on and we when to the
kitchen. She finished wiping  herself off as we walked to the kitchen.
In the kitchen she started to make some coffee. I couldn't take it any
more so I reached over and unzipped her skirt. I let it fall to the
floor and she stepped out of it. To my delight she had on a lace garter
belt and a very brief set of panties. As the coffee brewed we talked some
more. She seemed to enjoy the view. I know I did. It was getting hard to
think about coffee as my dick started to recover. I felt extremely kinky
standing there in the kitchen naked in front of a barely dressed gal. By
now my cock was semi-hard and my anticipation of what was to come growing.
My cock was too. She told me that was always a fantasy of hers to have
someone come on her tits. She didn't realize a guy could come that much.
I said,"Neither did I." I told her I hadn't had any in a long time. She
said,"Neither had she." She then poured us some coffee. I asked if she
had anymore fantasies. She said,"Yes but lets see if they come true first
before she told me." Fair enough. She asked if I wanted a snack to go with
my coffee and I leaned forward placed my coffee on the counter looked her
in the eyes and said yes. Then I reached down and pulled her panties off.
I slid my tongue down her chest. Then down her belly and stopped at that
 lovely pussy of hers. As she drank her coffee I licked her pussy all so
 carefully. She was getting wet and then I tickled it with my nose. She
 giggled with pleasure. I blew through my nose as I licked that pussy. She
 began to moan. When I looked up she had set her coffee down. She had both
 hands on the counter with her legs about shoulder width apart. I
 quickened my pace and so did her moans. All of a sudden I heard a crash.
 She had knocked her coffee in to the sink. She reached down and took my
 hand and we walked to the bedroom. When we got there she jumped on the bed
and threw open her legs. What a site! Now I know why they call it muff
diving. I dove between her legs and licked that pussy with all my might
and expertise. Some things you never forget. Nothing like the smell of
rain washed pussy. She began to toss about and moan louder and louder. I
reached up with my long arms and undid her bra again. I licked that pussy
like no tomorrow and played with one breast then the other. She went wild
with pleasure. I hoped the neighbors didn't think I was killing her. I was
in a way. She was bucking wildly when I reach under her and got a hold of
that sweet ass of hers to hold it in place. My face and mustache were
drenched with her pussy juice when she started to cool down. I looked up
at her and the juice ran down my chin. I asked stupidly,"Did you come."
She laughed and said with a shortness of breath,"Yes." She pulled me up
to her and licked my face clean. I took her bra all the way off and
nestled in beside her putting my head on one of her tits. We talked as
I licked and sucked on her tit. She was still shaking. I asked if that
was one of her fantasies. She could only shake her head yes. We talked
some more while I massaged her backside and she caught her breath. She
told me her ex-husband would never eat her pussy or any of the things
we had done this afternoon. She said he was a one position man. I
thought what an asshole no wonder she left him. He said sex was only
for having babies that she didn't want one right now . I whispered
and it ain't over yet. With that she gave a sigh. I continued to massage
her legs and ass as we talked. I like playing with a gals ass. Kinda like
tits without nipples. I could tell she was slowing back down so I rolled
her over. I think she thought I was going to fuck her a this point but
not yet. I told her if she liked things to this point hang on. She just
shook and smiled. I had months of sex stored up inside of me and I was
going to show my stuff. Hell she seemed game for anything and I would
invent a thing or two if I had too. I started to massage her shoulders
working my way down her sides tickling her ribs. I undid her garter belt
and took it off. I rolled her stockings down. First one then the other.
This was the first time I saw her totally nude. What a picture that made.
I worked my way back up her legs stopping at her pussy and giving it a
gently rub. She started to moan again when I asked if she had any baby oil.
She sheepishly pointed to the bathroom. When I came back I first started on
her chest and those nice firm breasts. I slowly and gently worked it in.
I next worked on her belly but by passed her love triangle. I worked down
one leg then up the other carefully and slowly. Then I acted as though to
accidentally put to much on her upper body. I then got on top of her and
rubbed myself around on her. She then rolled me over and took the oil
from me. She straddled me at the waist and started to oil up my chest.
She played with my nipples and moved down to my legs passing my out
stretched cock. When she came back up my other leg she stopped at my
cock put a lot of oil on it and set the bottle down. She worked my
cock with both hands until I couldn't take it any longer. I stopped her
and she looked at me in disappointment. I just said trust me. I lead
her into the shower and started the water. We both got in and got wet.
The warm water felt good. I took the soap and washed her from head to
toe stopping at her pussy from time to time. We then changed places and
she washed me starting with my pulsating cock. After a good washing
she stuck that thing in her mouth and started to suck. It didn't take
long and she had me coming again. This time she swallowed every drop.
She took the soap and washed it back to some kinda life. We dried off
and I took her back into the bedroom. We fell on the bed in an embrace
kissing and fondling each other. Then she pushed me on my back took my
now hard cock and guided it into that lovely tunnel of hers. Nice close
fit. She started to pump up and down on my shaft with ease. I played with
those bouncing tits and then had her lean forward. I finally undid her hair
and let it go free. Ohkie smokes it reached almost to her ass. I should
have done that earlier. She leaned back and started to buck again. All
I could think is ride'em cowgirl. When she leaned back she could tickle
the inside of my legs. I reached up put one hand on her hips to slow her
down and with the other I massaged her clit. She was coming in waves
and I wasn't to far behind. Then I dropped my hands and let her set the
pace. I came so hard I thought my balls would come through my dick and
out the other end. She collapsed on top of me. We were both exhausted.
I looked at her and asked with a teasing smile,"Did you come." She just
laughed. Needless to say that was her first time on top. After a rest we
jumped back into the shower for a quick rinse. As we were drying off I said
we never did finish that coffee. We went back into the kitchen and got a
cup of joe. Then we went back to the bathroom and talked as she dried her
har. She asked why I didn't take her hair down sooner. "Good question." I
asked how I was doing on those fantasies of hers and she said that there
were still more she could think of but I had a good start. Now I had a
fantasy I want to fill but I couldn't tell her or it would ruin it. It was
getting dark so she grabbed a robe and went into the other room to make
sure the blinds were closed. When they were I came into the living room
and took her robe. "You won't need that." We sat on the couch for awhile
and listen to the rain again. I wasn't mad it was raining now. Then I said
lets eat. Her eyes lit up. "I mean food." I asked if she had the fixin'
for a salad. No fried food tonight. She asked if I didn't eat fried food
and I said looking down at myself then her, not tonight. Spatter you know,
ouch. She just laughed. She got some veggies out of the frig and took them
to the sink to clean. I watched as she leaned over the sink cleaning them.
I started to get hard at the site of that sweet back side of hers.
That was it. I walked over to the sink. Came up behind her and turned off
the water. Turned her around cleared a spot on the counter and set her up on
it with her legs spread open. I reached around and got a chair some salad
dressing and sat down for some dinner. Love that Ranch dressing! Doesn't
run so fast you know. Shit was flying every direction. I put some dressing
on that pussy. Not that it needed it and started to eat. She put her legs
over my shoulders and just hollowed. I licked off every drop and added some
more. By now I was stiff as can be and ready to make love again. I picked
her up and made way to the kitchen table. Cleared a spot and set her down.
Her legs hung over the table at the knees and I mounted her for another
round. I thought we were going to break the table. She brought her legs
up and put them over my shoulders slid up to the edge and we pumped away.
I came again and she said,"Don't ask." As we walked to the shower again
I told her that was one of my fantasies. She said mine too. After another
quick rinse I told her I really had to go. She wanted me to stay and I
wanted to but I had to be back for work at 0545. What I didn't tell her was
I would have never been able to stay awake after screwing all night. I
know that is what it would have turned into plus I'm not as young as I use
to be. I know when I'm peckered out. I got dressed and she put back on that
bra again at my request and wore her robe loose for me. I told her if there
was anything else I could do just call. She asked if I could give her car
a lube and an oil change. "Sure could it make it three more days." She
said,"Great." I asked what she was doing this Friday. "Shopping for oil.
What is the best kind." "Wesson." I asked what time should I come.
"Anytime you come it is good for me but stop by about six. You still
haven't had your salad or coffee yet." "Ya maybe I can have some pie
with that." "What is your favorite," she asked. "But hair pie of course,"
I replied. "Mine is banana." I told her I would bring the banana and I
closed the door. The drive home was great. I didn't need to play any
blues now. Up beat jazz was called for now. If that is what I get for
changing a tire I can only imagine what a lube and a oil change will
bring. It pay to take care of your car. Standby ,this story ain't over yet.
 "It ain't over tell its over." Who said that.

--
