Archive-name: 3plus/flat3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Flat Tire - 3


  Well I got a call from my flat tire lady the other night.  She was
  in Atlanta and was hotter than hell.  You needed to stay in a better
  class of hotel maybe one that charges by the day not the hour.  She
  cussed something at me and said," Horny hot not hot hot."  I just
  laughed.  "I can't wait until this weekend and I'm not going to be
  in until early evening Saturday," she said.  I said, " Maybe we could
  go out and have dinner or something."   Or something sounded great to
  her.  Then she asked if I would tell her what I had planed for that
  night.  "Do you want some phone sex," I asked.  "Yes, yes tell me
  every detail," she said.  "Every detail," I said.  "Yes dam it, I'm
  so hot I need to get off," she said.  I think I've unleashed a monster.
  I collected my thoughts and then asked her to tell me what she had on.
  "Not a god dam thing."  She was sounding desperate. The thought of her
  lying there with nothing on brought a beautiful picture to my mind.
  I was starting to get hard thinking about it.  I was going to have
  her coming in no time.  "Please start!"  I told her I got naked with
  her.  I did a slow strip tease for her over the phone and I could
  hear her breathing get quicker as I removed my clothes.  I was finally
  naked and I told her my cock was hard just waiting to be sucked by her.
  "I'm walking over to the bed so she could suck my cock in the expert
  way she does."  I asked if she could taste my cock in her mouth and
  she said, "Yes, yes I can,tell me more."  "Suck on one of her fingers
  slow and deep."  She just mumbled more.  "Now you are slowly sucking
  on my cock filling it with excitement."  I was slowly stoking my cock
  now wishing it was her lips instead.  I told her I was going to pull
  my cock out now and save it for latter.  She said, "NO, NO!"  I said,
 "Just wait. "Now I'm going to kiss lick and fondle her body until you
  come with so much intensity that you can not handle it.  She started
  to pant wildly.  I'm over top of you kissing you deep and hard.  Now
  I'm kissing and licking your well shaped breasts and I'm kissing and
  licking you hard nipples.  I asked if she was playing with herself
  yet and she screamed YES!  Good!  I said, "Your hands would be my
  mouth tonight."  She was to play with what ever part of her body I was
  kissing.  She eagerly agreed.  I then started to tell her what I was
  going to do.  "I'm still sucking on your hard nipples.  They taste
  sweet.  I have them in my hands gently playing with them now.  I'm
  working my way down now.  Carefully and softly kissing and licking
  your belly.  As I lick your belly my hands reach down and rub your
  legs and ass.  Take your other hand now and rub your legs and ass."
  She said she was.  I could hear her breathing speed up.  "I'm down
  between your legs now licking the inside of your soft thighs now
  your eyes are closed and your breathing is getting quicker as I
  approach your wet snatch now. How are you doing."  I didn't hear
  anything but heavy breathing so I continued.  "Now I'm stroking
  your sweet snatch with my tongue.  Can you feel it?"  "YES," she
  replied.  I asked if she was stroking her pussy with her finger.
  She softly replied, "Yes." Good.  "I'm  still licking your snatch
  now with my tongue.  You are getting wetter and wetter. My hands
  are caressing your breasts now and I can feel you are getting
  closer and closer.  I replaced my tongue now with my pulsating
  cock and start to make deep passionate love to you now.  I asked if
  she had a finger up inside her love tunnel yet?"  "Yes and I'm getting
  close don't stop," she screamed!  "I won't. I'm pumping my cock now,"
  I told her.  "Good I want to hear you come," she said.  "I'm screwing
  you hard and deep now.  I'm kissing your breasts and biting at your neck.
  I'm going to come any minute now."  I was getting close for real as I
  heard her heavy breathing over the phone.  Her passion had me on the edge.
  All you could hear was the sound of breathing over the phone now.  I was
  pumping my cock with fury wishing it was inside her not in my hand.
  "Are you fingering your pussy and fondling your breasts?" I asked.
  She asked if I was close.  I said, yes and let out a loud groan as
  I came all over my self.  Then I could hear her coming over the phone.
  Her moans were loud and long.  When we caught our breath I asked how
  that was.  She said, "I'm still horny but feel a little better.  I want
  you even more now but I guess I can wait a few more days."  "I'll be
  ready for the real thing when you get here," I said.  We made a date
  for Saturday night and hug up the phone.

  When I got to her place Saturday night I was dressed to kill.  I didn't
  know if I was going to make it through dinner or not.  When I got to
  the door Saturday night my cock was already getting hard thinking of
  what was about to COME!  When she opened the door I couldn't believe
  what I saw.  She had on a short black leather skirt with dark stockings,
  high heels and a blouse that was cut so low I thought her tits would
  fall out if she bent over.  I just knew those stocking were connected
  to a garter belt with a brief set of panties, if any at all!  I kissed
  her hello and started to put my hand down her blouse when she stopped me
  and said she wanted me to meet a friend of hers from Atlanta.  "Mary and
  I work for the same company and she just stopped by on her way through
  town," she said.  "Nice to meet you," I said in an disappointing voice.
  She was going to be in town only for the night.  ONLY FOR THE NIGHT!
  I thought to myself.  Well at least we had tomorrow.  Mary left the room
  for aminute and I whispered to Linda, "What about tonight I'm so horny
  not even the crack of dawn is safe."  She whispered back, "Don't worry."
  Mary came back into the room.  She wasn't bad looking.  A little heavier
  than Linda but had a nice well kept figure with bigger breasts.  Probably
  because she had a little more weight.  Her hair was shorter but styled in
  a very sexy way.  She had on a sexy dress that made her look real good.
  It wasn't cut as low as Linda's but still gave a nice shot of her cleavage.
  We went to dinner and I started to slow down now knowing it would be
  morning before things could get to wild.  We had a nice dinner and headed
  for home.  When we got there we sat around and talked about this and that.
  I found out they had know each other for a long time.  Mary said she had
  heard I was good with cars and really knew how to take care of a lady in
  trouble.  She hoped I could  fix her flat tire some day.  The two gals
  just laughed.  I asked if I missed the joke or something.  They just
  giggled and said no.  I was starting to get the feeling she heard more
  than how I fixed the flat.  I felt like something was up but didn't know
  what yet.  It was getting late so we decided to get ready for bed.  Great,
  I thought maybe I can get laid if we were quiet.  Then my heart sank.
  Linda lead me to the spare bedroom and told me I was going to sleep there
  tonight.  Mary and her would stay in her room.  I thought what the fuck
  this gal must know we are sleeping together why the games.  When Mary went
 in to change for bed I asked why the goody two shoes deal she must know
 about us.  "Relax,"Linda said.  "Get changed and come back out for a while."
 "I didn't bring anything to wear to bed you know," I said.  "Put on a pair
 of shorts and come back out," she said trying to calm me down.  "I'll be
 right back.  I went in and changed.  I didn't know what to think.  I came
 back into the living room but the gals hadn't returned yet.  Mary came
 back into the room.  She had on a short robe.  Her legs were well shaped
 just a little heavy.  We talked and she said she was told I liked lingerie.
 "Yea."  She said, "I used to handle a complete line of lingerie before I
 came to this company."  I asked why she quit.  She said how she was
 getting pressured about her weight.  I told her she looked fine to me.
 She said one or two pounds in that business was a lot.  There loss
 I told her.  She just blushed.  About then Linda came back into the room.
 She had on a short robe and still had on those dark stockings and
 high heels.
 I got suspicious and then got horny.  I shifted a little to hide my
 stiffening cock.  I could imagine what she looked like under that robe.
 She said, "Mary had brought a demo tape from her last job.  It was of her
 modeling her line do you wanted to see it?"  Mary looked embarrassed.
 I thought to myself just what I needed to make me more horny than I already
 was.  I said, "Come on you are embarrassing Mary.  Mary said it was allright
 at best it was only PG.  So Linda put on the tape and sat down beside me.
 It started out with some sales crap and then got down to business.  Mary
 was a little thinner in the tape.  The first few items were kinda tame.  A
 few shots of some satin robes, teddies and a long night gown or two.  Then
 she had on a short night gown with a lace top that showed off her ample
 breasts and nipples.  Now things were getting interesting.  I had myself
 placed beside Linda to block any view of my growing cock. The action was
 getting hotter.  Then the tape showed her in this black lace bustier,
 stockings, heels and a pair of panties that left nothing to the imagination.
 Item after item came on and I could hardly stand it.  I had grown to full
 size now.  Then the tape had her modeling all different kinds of bras.
 Red, pink, black, white, push-up, see through you name it.  Man I was at
 the point I wanted to suck on those melons.  I didn't care if she had
 added a few pounds she still looked good to me.  Then Linda set me up.
 She said, "Look Mary what you have grown."  She pointed at my rock hard
 cock.  Needless to say I was embarrassed.  "Come on what do you expect,"
 I protested.  "Do you like that kind of show," Linda asked.  "Sure."
 Then she asked if I would like a live show.  "Sure, what did you have
 in mind," I said.  Then Linda stood up and dropped her rope.  She asked,
 "How do you like that?"  She spun around in circles and modeled what she
 had on which was dam little.  She had on those stockings I had seen all
 night a pair of see through panties and bra that held her tits up high
 and firm.
 Then she said, "Come on Mary now it is your turn."  Mary stood up and
 dropped her rope.  Man she looked better in person.  She had on a pair
 of white lace panties that barely covered her snatch and a low cut bra
 that shaped her breasts just right.  My cock was splitting at the seams
 of my shorts.  Then they said they were going to change and would be right
 back.  I couldn't believe what was happening.  They went in for about three
 different changes of outfit then they came back in with the outfits to end
 all outfits.  Linda came out in nothing but this sheer camisole and high
 heels.  Her lovely pubic hair glistened with excitement.  Then Mary came
 out with a see through floor length robe and a lace see through bra and
 nothing else.  The two of them paraded around the apartment and teased me
 to the point I thought I was going to come with out anybody touching my
 cock.  Then Linda came over to me and pulled me to my feet and stripped
 me of my shorts.  Mary threw her robe to the floor and joined us.  Linda's
 hands and mouth were all over my body.  Those two had there mouths on
 my cock licking my shaft from one end to the other.  I reached down and
 started to fondle Linda's tits.  I pulled her camisole up over her head.
 Her up stretched arms drew her breast tight.  They kept up there teasing
 assault of my cock until I thought I couldn't stand anymore.They would get
 me on the edge and then pause enough to break the needed rhythm.  I finally
 reached over and started to massage Mary's tits through her sheer bra.
 They felt soft and supple.
 Then Linda reached over and undid Mary's bra and set her tits free!  As
 these gals continued to molest me, I had one hand on one gals breast and
 the other hand on the other gals breast.  Then Linda  grabbed my cock and
 started to caress Mary's breasts with it. She placed it between Mary's
 breasts and Mary folded her tits around it.  I said, "Is this what you
 want?," and started to fuck those tits of hers.  Linda was playing with
 my ass and pushing as I thrust.  I quickened the pace I couldn't take it
 much more.  I was about to come when Linda grabbed my cock at the base
 real hard.  OUCH! I yelled and I almost went limp.  Then Mary laid down
 on the floor and Linda lead me over to her by my cock.  I thought Linda
 wanted me to fuck her but instead she started to massage Mary's tits
 with my cock.  Then I started to fuck Mary's tits again and I had help
 with every thrust of my ass.  Man hands on my ass, tits on my dick, I was
 going to bust a nut.  I was just about ready to come and Linda grabbed
 my cock again.  I screamed NO NOT AGAIN!  But this time she continued to
 stroke it and Mary held her tits ready to catch what was about to COME.
 She took about two more strokes and I came so hard it hurt.  It was like
 she was directing a fire hose.  I shot so hard the first come shot right
 pass Mary.  Then Linda directed it down and I hit Mary's hair then her
 face and tits.  Then Linda turned it on herself and I shot the last of it
 on her face and tits.  Then Linda sucked me dry. I remember I was so dizzy
 that my vision was blurred but I could see my come all over those two
 ladies.  I think I passed out because when I woke up both gals were gone.
 I heard the shower running so I decided to join them.  When I got there
 I could hear them giggling.  I could see the shadow of them playing with
 each other through the shower curtain.  "Care if I come in," I said.
 They laughed and said come on in.  We played with each other as the
 water ran over our bodies.  Then the gals got out and dried each other
 off.  I turned off the water and dried off.  They were already in the
 bedroom when I joined them.  They were lying on the bed playing with
 each other so I sat in the chair and watched.  Linda's hands were all
 over Mary.  Then Linda planted her head between Mary's legs and started
 to eat her pussy.  My cock started to grow as I watched Linda lap at her
 pussy.  Mary's moans were getting louder and quicker.  I got up and
 changed places with Linda.  Mary's pussy was wet and tasted sweet.
 Linda was in the chair fingering her pussy as she watched.  Then I slipped
 my cock in to her dripping pussy and pumped long and hard.  Mary's legs
 were up in the air waving wildly.  I fucked her deep.  I could hear
 Linda come for the first time.  Mary had her legs wrapped around my
 waist and held me in tight.  Her pussy meet me with every stroke.
 She came strong and hard.  I quickly followed filling her with my semen.
 Linda was still fingering her pussy like no tomorrow.  Mary and I watched
 as she came again.  Linda came over and started to suck my cock. It
 still was wet with Mary's pussy juice.  She licked it clean and kept
 on sucking it until it got hard again.  I brought Linda around into a 69
 and ate her wet pussy.  In the mean time, Mary had moved over to the
 chair to watch.  Linda came all over my face and by now had my cock
 ready to fuck that hot snatch of hers.  She pushed me on to my back
 and buried my cock into her pussy.  She rode my pole with such fury I
 thought she would pass out.  I could see Mary fondling her big tits.
 Then see stuck three fingers up in her dripping snatch.  Linda rode
 my cock and just moaned with pleasure.  I felt like I could go for ever.
 Then Mary got up and came over to the bed.  She reached between my legs
 and gave my balls a gentle squeeze.  Then she reached around and rubbed
 Linda's clit and Linda exploded!  Linda didn't give up and continued to
 pump on my cock.  Mary came over and placed her pussy over my face.
 I ate her pussy as her and Linda fondled each others tits.  I finally
 shot my load in Linda.  She rode me until I got limp.  I was exhausted.
 Then I yelled, "I NEED A BREAK !"  I stopped eating Mary's snatch and
 Linda finally got off of my totally limp dick and we fell into a big
 circle. The smell of sex was strong as we caught our breath.  Linda got
 up and went to the kitchen to get us something to drink.  Then Mary said,
 "I need to clean you up."  She licked the pussy juice off of my cock and
 asked if I would finish her off so I did.  About the time Linda got back
 Mary was coming again.  Linda said, "Don't wear him out I still have
 tomorrow."  I thought, not the way I feel.  I couldn't believe this,
 here I was with one on the left and one on the right lying in bed
 drinking wine totally nude.  What a country!  After we drank our
 wine we all curled up together and fell asleep.

  We got up late the next morning and while Mary was in the shower I
  asked Linda how long she had this little game planed.  She said this
  was something Mary and her had wanted to do for a long time.  They
  knew they could never do it with her ex-husband and started to think
  they never would until she met me.  She said when Mary heard about
  our first encounter she almost came on the spot.  Mary had always
  wanted to show off her lingerie to someone but didn't want to do it with
  a total stranger.  Mary had told her how she always wanted to have
  someone fuck her tits and come all over her.  It was a fantasy that
  they had both shared for many years.  I asked about the one on one
  action.  She said that was something they had been doing for sometime
  but they wanted a man to join in on the fun and they wanted to watch
  as a guy did it to the other.  About that time Mary came out.  She
  had on a sheer red bra, garter belt, brief panties and stockings.
  Man those tits looked good.  She had to leave unfortunately but said
  we must do this again some time.  She put on a short dress that was
  cut real low.  I bet some guy gets picked up tonight.  Linda and I
  got up and walked her to the door. We kissed her goodbye and she
  reached down and gave my cock a tug.  "I'll see you again," she
  said to my cock. I thought I'm sure you will as I closed the door
  behind her. Linda bent down and kissed the end of my cock and said,
   "I'll see you in the other room and we went off to the bedroom.
   What followed could fill a whole other story so you will just have
   to wait for part IV, V, VI, ect, ect, ect.
--
