Archive-name: 3plus/flight.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Flight


This is a fantasy that many times I have dreamed about cumming true.  It all
starts as I am returning home from one of my numerous business trips.

The flight was been delayed and would be late arriving in Los Angeles.
Fortunately on this flight I meet a couple who were returning from their
vacation.  She had quite a figure, petite, yet very well proportioned, and
wore a silk blouse that did little to hide an extremely sexy view of firm
mounds of creamy white flesh. I could hardly keep from staring at them the
entire trip.  They were excellent conversationalists, so the flight passed
quickly.

Upon arrival in Los Angeles, tired and hungry, we went for our bags, made what
we thought were to being parting words and started our respective ways for
home.  As I was leaving the terminal I noticed them standing along the curb
with a very perplexed look on their faces.  I stopped to ask them what the
problem was and they said that their ride home could not make it and they were
stuck at the airport.  I asked them where they were headed and to my surprise,
they were almost neighbors.  I said my car was here at the airport and I would
be more than happy to offer them a ride home if that would help.  They said it
could very much and she made a comment about how appreciative she was of my
gesture.  We grabbed all the bags, headed for the car, and started the hour or
so trek home.

Since my car is normally a two-seater it was a bit cramped but with a warm
sexy body next to me that still offered a delectable view, I didn't seem to
mind even though I was very tired after the long trip.  As I am shifting
gears, my hands would occasionally touch her leg, I would apologize and she
would just smile.

About halfway home one of them made a comment about being hungry, which was
not hard to understand, since cokes and peanuts don't make a very filling
dinner, and since the car was a bit crowded, I suggested that we stop for a
bite to eat, and stretch our legs before continuing our journey.  All were in
agreement.  We stopped at a little hole-in-the wall dinner with little booths,
an old jukebox for music and dimly lit.  We were king of snug in the booth and
I noticed that she was what I would call a bit restless.  When I dropped my
napkin, I discovered why.  Her husband was stoking her leg and the effect was
obvious.  I guess I got a bit red in the face and she noticed and commented
that they enjoyed turning on one another like this in public places.  My
comment was that I bet that made for some pretty interesting times and her
reply was both physical and verbal.  As she said you ought to try it sometime,
she started stroking the inner part of my thigh which brought on a most
immediate reaction. A tremendous hard-on, that was more than obvious, as she
brushed against it. She apologized for putting me in such a condition and that
she felt that she should do something about it.

Alas, about that time our food arrived, (doesn't it always, when you want it
to be late).  We proceeded to eat and returned to the car for the remainder of
the trip home.  Again, I was left with a most captivating view and it fueled
my fantasy about this woman.  As we neared their house, he asked if I would
like to stop in for a drink.  Not wanting to miss an opportunity for another
glance at that phenomenal body, I said "Sure why not". As we were making
ourselves comfortable in the family room she excused herself and said that she
wanted to get more comfortable.  Her husband and I were sipping on some very
mellow scotch when she return in what had to be the sexiest red see-thru teddy
with bikini briefs that were not much more that a G-string.  Instantly the
hard-on returned.  What a fantastic view in front of me. Accented by the
flickering light from the fireplace, it was a view that was one I would never
forget.

She cuddled up next to her husband and immediately started caressing his ear
and neck.  Much to my surprise he stopped her and said that though it was very
enjoyable, we had a guest and that she should remember her manners and make
their guest comfortable.  Little did I know what was in store for me.  She
apologized and moved next to me and said that they had a practice that guests
in their home were to be made to feel like it was their home as well and to be
as comfortable as possible.  With that she started to kiss my neck and ear
lobe and at the same time stroking my thigh and occasionally my hard-on.  By
this time I was about to explode, but the evening had not yet begun.  She was
very skillful in removing my shirt and unbuckling my pants without even
missing a beat in her caresses and kisses.  I was in heaven or at least well
on the way. As you can imagine by this time, I was no longer just looking, my
hands were actively exploring her firm body and I managed, though not so
adeptly, to get her teddy off to expose the most fantastic pair of tits I have
ever seen.  Not real large but more than ample, very firm, with nipples, the
size of my thumb which protruded about one inch.  I have never seen tits this
fantastic.

By now, I guess this action was getting to her husband, who had moved to her
other side and was know stroking and caressing the places I wasn't.  I guess
this went on for quite awhile when she leaned back, stopped both of us and
asked if we would like to fulfill one of her fantasies.  By now her husband
and I were both so turned on that we would probably done most anything she
wanted. So we said sure.

We went back to the stroking and caresses not knowing what to expect.  Shortly
she pushed me back onto the couch and pulled off my shorts to reveal the most
tremendous hard-on I have ever had.  I don't consider myself overly endowed,
but I felt I was as large as a tree limb.  She made another comment to guests
first and I kind of got the idea what her fantasy was.  She proceeded to take
my rock hard, swollen dick into her mouth.  She rolled her tongue around the
head licking off any excretion that had leaked out.  She proceeded to lick
down the sides and take each ball into her mouth and suck on it gently.  She
then worked her way back up my throbbing cock and took the whole thing into
her mouth.  Now while all of this was going on, her husband had occupied
himself in her pussy, having the best after dinner treat there is.  His tongue
was buried deep inside of her, and he was gently sucking on her clit.  At the
same time, as close as I could tell he also was fingering her passion flower
and would occasionally probe inside with a figure or two.  This was having a
most profound effect on both her and what she was doing to me. Abruptly, she
stood, straddled my legs and proceeded to lower her moist cunt onto my
throbbing cock.

She leaned forward and as she looked over her shoulder, said to husband, now
fulfill one of my fantasies, take me in the ass.  What a surprise this was to
both of us men!  Slowly he entered her and what an experience for all of us.
I almost short circuited.  The feeling of having the biggest, hardest erection
I can remember deep in a pussy that was as tight as her tits were firm, having
those same fantastic tits with their huge nipples in my face and my mouth and
feeling her husband entering her at the same time was more than any of could
stand.  She immediately started to moan, her eyes became glazed and rolled up
in her head.  Slowly as her husband entered deeper and deeper she slowly
started to move and the feeling was one that cannot be described.

I am not sure how long this lasted, but she started to shake and shudder
again, this time with small muffled screams of pleasure.  The effect on us men
was predictable.  Before long we both, almost at the exact same time, exploded
in what I know for me was the longest and most pronounced orgasm I have ever
had. When the men started to reach their climax, it was obvious that she would
not be far behind.  And I was not wrong, she was shaking and moaning like no
woman I have ever been with.  Her movements became so fast, that it was hard
to stay inside of her.  Then, see let out with a scream that the neighbors had
to have heard, her glazed eyes again rolled up into her head, and she
collapsed on my chest.

--
