
                      FLORIDA NUDIST/NATURIST CONTACTS
Introduction:

     In the Naturist Lifestyles Section, people quite frequently post a
message that they are traveling or visiting some part(s) of Florida and want
to know about nudist resorts and beaches.  Below is a 'starter' listing of
some contacts.  Frankly, I don't know if any of them exist or not. <g>  I have
no first-hand knowledge. 

     Some of this information is drawn from section postings, the nudist
publications and references.  If you can, first rely on direct contact with a
club, group or site for first-hand knowledge of the place you're interested in
visiting.  Next choice should be checking a current periodical from The
Naturist Society (theirs is titled, *Nude & Natural* and is a quarterly
journal) or the American Sunbathing Association (theirs is titled, *The
Bulletin* and is published monthly except January).  Lastly, rely on what you
see at the time of your visit.  Visit the place with intent of checking it
out, rather than assuming you will be able to enjoy the site nude.

How to make contact:

     If your time is short, you may need to call.  Some clubs or groups may
not have a phone number, though.  You can obtain phone numbers in a couple of
different ways.  You can get one of the above mentioned publications and look
in their club and group listings to see if there is a phone number for the
group or club you think may be able to answer your questions.  You may post a
message on the section message board.  ASK that a phone number of XYZ Club or
Group be e-mailed to you.  Remember to ask that it be e-mailed to you.  Phone
numbers and personal addresses are not permitted to be included in message
postings on the message board.

     If you have more time and are planning ahead, by all means write to the
club, group or site of your choice.  Clubs and groups are not wealthy.  They
make ends meet and generally survive as a hub of information and a focus for
people in their area to gather and enjoy social nudist recreation.  So, you
need to be sensitive to this and do the following.

     When you write a club or group listed below, include a stamped, self-
addressed business sized envelope.  Do at least this.  If you can, send a
donation for their time and effort.  $5. or more is a courtesy for asking them
to give you, a stranger, time and effort.

     Next, consider that if you visit Florida occasionally, frequently or
regularly, you may like to keep in touch with them.  For a few dollars more,
join their mailing list.  Ask them what it takes to be put on their mailing
list, or be a non-active member of their group or club.  You get regular and
reliable information, plus you help the movement and people to keep the
beaches free and to provide clubs, groups and sites an existence.  Support
these people and you're likely to find that a couple years down the road, the
beach you'd like to pay a visit, will still be a nudist recreation site.


The National Organizations:

The Naturist Society               The American Sunbathing Association
P.O. Box 132                       1703 North Main St.
Oshkosh, WI  54902                 Kissimmee, FL  34744-3396


Some Florida Clubs and Groups:

Beach Travel Club                            Gulf Coast Naturists
P.O. Box 725                                 9014 Zelda St.
Tarpon Springs, FL  34688                    Pensacola, FL  32514

South FL Free Beaches                        Tallahassee Bare-Devils
P.O. Box 330902                              P.O. Box 20656
Coconut Grove, FL  33133                     Tallahassee, FL  32316

Ethos Trace, Inc.                            N&N Nomads
P.O. Box 2255                                P.O. Box 1418
Pace, FL  32571                              Sarasota, FL  34230

Northeast Florida Naturists                  The Sanibel Naturists
P.O. Box 24048                               P.O. Box 6789
Jacksonville, FL  32241-4048                 Fort Myers, FL  33911


Some Unconfirmed Beaches:

Pensacola     Gulf Islands, W of Fort Pickins
Tallahassee   Sam Allen Lake
Tampa         Dunedin Beach, Honeymoon Islands (May not be true)
              Clearwater North Beach (May not be true)
              Beer Can Island, Egmont Key (May not be true)
Naples        Vanderbilt Beach
              Ten Thousands Islands
Canaveral     Playalinda Beach (North from Rt. 402)  Closed when shuttle is
                 on pad B.
              Apollo Beach (North end of Canaveral National Seashore)
Cape Sabel    Everglades National Park (check with Flamingo Visitors Ctr.)


Another Unconfirmed Report from the Message Board:

     Haven't actually been there yet, but I think I can give you directions
to a nude beach very near to Panama City.  Go to Navarre Beach, just East of
Pensacola, and cross over to the island, not at Pensacola, but on the Eastern
end of the island - it's a toll bridge.  Then, when you get off the bridge and
come to a hard-right hand turn and a convenience store, take a left instead.
It is a small road which I think may be used as a service road to a radar
installation.  Go as far as you can by car, then get your stuff, lock your
car, and head on down the island by foot until you reach a fence which marks
the end of State/County control and the beginning of Federal control (there is
an Air Force base nearby).


General Information:

     Miami beach is becoming known as a place to sunbathe topless.  It is
known that g-string bathing suits are permitted there.

     In general, Florida doesn't condone nude sunbathing.  Federal lands are
less likely to restrict nudity.  Always check first before visiting any public
land in Florida.  Phone parks and reserves and ask if there is a nudist
section.  (If they say, "No," ask, "Why not?")

     Offshore nudist boating is allowed.  Get out of shoreline eyesight and
your group can disrobe.  Expect an occasional boat patrol to drop by.

     Islands can often be a safe nudist haven.  Check with clubs and groups to
find out what islands they may recommend.



Nudist Sites, Resorts and Private Retreats:

     It is beyond the scope of this library addition to list the many, many
resorts, lodges, retreats, and sites which are in Florida.  The two national
organizations would have a current listing.  Get their current publication(s)
and look into obtaining the ASA book, "North American Guide to Nude
Recreation" for additional information.


Final Notes:

     Lastly, help us out.  If you know of one of the above clubs, groups or
beaches that no longer exist, let me know.  Drop a short e-mail note to UID
76547,2217.  Help us keep this posting current and as accurate as possible. 
I'll do updates on this file as new information comes in.  Check the date in
the title to see when it was last edited.

     You are welcomed to do a first-hand report on any site you visit, to give
us and others the low-down on what's there and how your visit went.


Happy Nuding!
LEE
