Archive-name: 3plus/fntsypty.txt
Archive-author: Pussy Barber
Archive-title: Kate's Party


     Kate nervously knocked on the door to Linda's place, wondering if she
should go through with her fantasy after all.  There were numerous cars
parked all around Linda's house, which meant Linda had been very successful
in recruiting people to fulfil Kate's fantasy.  
     The door opened and Linda greeted Kate, ushering her inside. Kate saw
that Linda was wearing a one-piece dress that clung to her nicely, and not
only revealed a lot of cleavage, but was slit all the way up to the point of
the tall brunette's hip.  Kate heard voices in the back yard, and the den.
There was no one in the living room, but Linda had started a fire there
anyhow. "Nice of her." Kate thought.  
     Linda ushered Kate into a back room, where Torre was waiting. Linda
suggested that Kate have a glass of wine and relax for before getting
undressed. Torre was there to help her and to be her "go-fer". 
     "You can back out any time." Linda said. "Few people know that this is
all for you. If you do, we'll just have a good swinging party like we 
planned." 
     Kate nodded and thanked Linda, and watched her close the door behind
her.  She and Torre looked at each other.  Kate's short blonde hair made her
look cute and sexy, while Torre's long, dark tresses and the contours of her
face, made her look like a sexy bombshell.  
     "Do you know?" Kate asked, pouring some red wine.
     "Yes." Torre replied. "It's a hot fantasy if you ask me."
     Kate sat down and thought about it, and the more she did, the more she
wanted to do it. Her clit began to tingle at the idea, and her pussy became
damp, wetting her panties slightly.  She asked Torre how many men and women
were at the party, and was satisfied that there were enough men to complete
her scenario properly. Twenty six men were enough to insure success.  
     Kate stood and began to undress, removing her sweater and bra. Torre
watched, and she commented on Kate's slim beauty. Especially her breasts.
Kate's breasts weren't large, but they were firm, round white 
mounds of soft flesh that shook pleasantly when she moved. Torre especially
liked Kate's full, dark-pink nipples which contrasted to her fair skin.
Kate's jeans went next, along with her panties. Torre smiled when she saw
Kate's light bush, just a shade or two darker than her golden blonde hair.
Kate picked up her wine glass and sat back down in the chair, dangling one
leg over the thickly padded arm.  
     "Should I tell Linda you're ready?" Torre asked.
     "Not yet." Kate said, "I need to psyche up a little more."
     Torre looked at Kate's naked body, feeling her own response to her
closeness. "Maybe I can help." She said. 
     Kate looked at Torre, and watched as the sexy brunette, still in her
street clothes knelt before her.  Kate had seldom had anyone so willing to
lick her.  At 26, Kate had experienced many lovers, but none who ignited her
most passionate fires. Kate just watched as Torre leaned forward, pausing to
look up at her, searching for either approval or rejection. Seeing neither,
Torre pressed her lips against Kate's labia, her tongue drawing a line up the
blonde pussy. 
     "Ohhhh!" Kate sighed. "That's so good!"
     Torre felt Kate's wetness, her anticipation of her wildest fantasy about
to come true. The short-haired blonde was already aroused, and her body
sensitive. Torre licked and sucked, lovingly running her tongue around Kate's
small clit. Torre felt her own body getting highly aroused, and she knew why.
Kate's sexuality was derived from the oppo-site end of the spectrum from
Torre. While Torre looked like a woman who would be a wanton, lusty animal in
bed, Kate's wholesome, all-american looks made her look sweet and innocent.
To see her naked, legs spread with a woman tonguing her clit was highly
erotic. 
     Kate's hips began moving in a slow, rhythmic rocking motion. Torre kept
up her tongue lashing, even reaching up to pull on the blonde's sexy nipples.
Kate's tits looked firm, but they were soft and warm, and Torre wished she
could take her home for hours of mutual pleasure.  

     Kate's hips moved faster, and her face was flushed.  Torre stopped,
knowing that Kate wanted to be hot, not limp and tired, for her fantasy. 
     "I'll tell Linda you're ready." Torre said quietly. Kate nodded her
agreement.  
     After Torre found her and whispered to her that Kate was ready, Linda
gathered everyone inside. She stepped into the middle of the room and asked
for everyone's attention. She thanked everyone for coming, and a voice in the
back said "Not yet!", getting laughter around the room. Linda waited for it
to die down and continued, explaining that one of the reasons for the party
was their monthly swinging group, and another reason was that a very special
friend wanted her fantasy fulfilled. A low murmur went through the crowd and
people looked around, trying to spot the guest of honor.  
     "Her name is Kate," Linda said, "and her fantasy requires that we all
continue our party like this was just a friendly cocktail party, with a few
minor differences." 
     People were interested now, and Linda outlined some of the plan to them,
telling them how Kate expected them to react to her and how they shouldn't
notice her state of undress. Everyone agreed to join in the fun, and Linda
called for several individual men to join her in the kitchen.   
     Meanwhile, Torre had returned to Kate, who was now toying with her
blonde pussy, keeping herself very aroused.  Torre explained that Linda would
come back for her in a few minutes, and that they'd best get Kate ready.   
     Torre opened a drawer and began dressing Kate in her costume. The
leather straps crossed her breasts, and fastened in the back. Torre made sure
to tighten them so that they held Kate's smallish breasts up high, and
pointing straight out.  Kate fastened the wide leather wristlets and put on
the choker too.  Torre fastened a leather strap around Kate's waist, and
another that went between her legs and over her hips. These two were buckled
together, then cinched.  Kate felt the straps over her ass spread her cheeks,
and the leather pressing tightly against her pussy. The straps spread apart
from between her legs, and being tight, they caused Kate's clit to be
exposed, pressed out between the straps along with some of her soft flesh.
It felt absolutely wicked and won- 
derful to Kate.  Lastly, Torre placed a pair of small clips on the ends of
Kate's breasts, pinching her nipples.  A small chain tied them toget-her with
the chain curving downward nicely.  Torre looked her over, her own pussy
releasing its juices.  Torre decided that Kate needed something else. She
reached into her purse and removed a pair of earrings with long, dangling
silver pieces.  She removed Kate's small studs and replaced them with the
dangling ones.  Torre then re-brushed Kate's hair, giving her hair the look
of a woman who'd been less than innocent recently. 
     Kate looked in the mirror, and her hands ran over the straps as well as
her body. She'd never looked this hot in all her life, nor imagined how good
the restraints would feel. Her face was flushed, and with Torre's help, she
looked as if she'd already had sex. Kate turned and kissed Torre, squarely on
the lips, and then thanked her for her help. Torre was thinking of a longer
kiss when Linda knocked and inter-rupted.  Kate followed Linda out, and Torre
followed Kate. 
     
     The party looked like any normal party, with people milling in all the
main rooms of the house. Linda took Kate right into the living room, Kate's
breasts shimmying in her leather harness. All eyes looked at her as she
entered the room, and then, just as quickly, returned to their prior
subjects.  Kate felt her nervous excitement again.  Linda brought Kate up to
a trio who were standing by the fireplace talking. She intro-duced Kate, and
each person to Kate.  Kate was so nervous she couldn't remember anyone's
name, and she smiled as she would at any other party.  
One of the two men asked Kate what she thought of a recent movie, and she
began to get involved in their conversation.  Kate could feel her pussy's
cream warming her, knowing that she was getting quick, furtive glances from
the others in the room.  Several women joined their circle and listened to
the conversation. Someone was saying that Tom Cruise was going to be over the
hill in a few years.  That's when Torre came by, carrying a tray of wine
glasses. She served Kate first, and Kate took her special glass.  Without
looking at it further, Kate pretended to listen as she brought it to her
lips.  The eyes on the women widened while they watched, and one of the men
across from her noticed too. Kate touched the glass to her lips and tasted.
It was salty, and just slight-ly bitter.  She sipped a large sip of the sperm
from the glass and held it about waist level, licking her lips
absentmindedly.  
     One of the women, an attractive brunette about Kate's age, stepped over
to her and began asking her about wearing her hair short. The woman's hair
was long but braided and pulled back up to the crown of her head. She looked
good with her hair tight against her head, and Kate told her so.  While the
woman talked about how men liked her long hair and how difficult it was to
manage, Kate sipped from her glass, letting it wash up over her upper lip
slightly so she could lick it off.  
     The woman kept getting distracted by that, but continued talking after a
pause, as if nothing had happened.  A few minutes later, Kate excused herself
and moved over to another group of people. The conver-sation here was
livelier, with people talking about their favorite sex-ual positions. A
short, cheerful looking redhead said that her favorite position was on her
knees, and everyone laughed.  They said hello to Kate, casually, as if her
nakedness wasn't uncommon.  While the redhead was talking again, Kate raised
her glass and drank down the last of the 
creamy white mixture in a smooth gulp.  The redhead lost her train of thought
and stared.  Kate licked her lips and someone else picked up the
conversation.  The redhead kept glancing back up at Kate, making her feel
hot. Torre arrived again, offering a tray of wine to everyone. Several people
took glasses, and Kate didn't see one for her. Just as Torre moved to her, a
single glass appeared on the tray, and Kate took it, laughing at someone's
joke.  Without looking she sipped and then drained about half the glass.  The
blonde standing next to a well built man, cleared her throat, staring at
Kate's hand.   
     Kate pretended to misinterpret the stare, and showed the blonde the
rings that covered the first three fingers. She held her hand out, still
holding the glass of thick cum.  The blonde stared down, and then said that
the rings were nice.  
     Linda came up and told Kate there was someone she should meet and led
her into the den. People were sitting and standing around the room. Linda led
Kate to a couple sitting on a sofa. Linda introduced them and Ken and Wanda.
Wanda was a small, thin, young girl of 18, and Ken was a handsome man of
about 30.  From Kate's position, each time Wanda leaned over, Kate could see
down the girl's front, clear to her navel.  Wanda had small breasts with
large pink nipples that were already hard. Ken told Kate that they and
another couple, Mike and Barbara had been discussing favorite sexual acts
when she arrived. Kate asked him what his was, and Ken replied that it was
anal sex.  Kate felt her body give a twinge, and she asked Wanda, who also
liked anal sex.  Barbara said hers was eating pussy or sucking cock, then
asked Kate what hers was. Kate smiled, and toasted Barbara with her glass.  
     "Drinking cum." Kate said evenly. "Lots of cum."  Then Kate drained the
glass.  Barbara's hips rocked upwards slightly.  
     "That's sexy." Wanda said, and Kate looked back down at her.
     Wanda was leaning forward, reaching for a cigarette on the table. She
was leaning right past Kate's leg, looking up at her. Kate turned the glass
upside down, a pearlescent drop forming and running down the inside of the
glass. Wanda watched, frozen in place. The drop grew on the edge of the
glass, hanging right over Wanda's open cleavage.  Just as the drop formed and
sagged, Kate moved the glass, holding it over her own nipple and letting the
creamy stuff drip against her areaola and run down over the clamp. 
     Wanda sat back and breathed again, then lit her cigarette. Torre came by
and asked if Kate would like another, taking the empty glass from her.  Kate
noticed now for the first time that Torre was wearing a maid's outfit, and
that it was indecently short, showing her ass well, and pushing the
brunette's tits together in the low cut front.    
     A loud, staccato laugh filled the air, and Kate looked around, seeing
that it was a busty young woman wearing a slinky dress that exposed a lot of
her.  

     "That's Ellie." Wanda spat the name out. "The biggest titted slut you'll
ever meet."  
     "Oh?" Kate replied. "Why's that?"
     Wanda made a face. "She'll fuck anything with a dick." Wanda commented,
blowing out bluish smoke. "And she's happiest when she has three or four at
once."   
     "Sounds like she has fun to me." Kate said.
     Torre came back a moment later, and on her tray were two glasses, filled
with Kate's drink.  Kate reached for one, just getting her hand on it, when
Torre let the tray slip. The second glass spilled and its contents splashed
against Kate's chest, the glass landing on the tray.  
     Kate stepped back involuntarily, holding her arms away from her body,
and looking down at her chest.  Thick white sperm, still warm, ran down her
small breasts, pooled and trickled down over her leather straps and down
towards her thighs.  
     "OH! I'm so sorry!" Torre exclaimed. "Let me help you."
     Like the clumsy waitress, Torre began brushing Kate's chest, rubbing the
warm creamy sperm over her tits and down her front. Kate stepped back. 
     "Stop it!" Kate yelled.
     "Stand still." Torre protested, then pulled on one the nipple clamps.
Kate felt a twinge deep in her very wet pussy, and her clit was screaming at
her.  
     "Oww!" Kate said, even though it had been more pleasure than pain. "You
stupid slut!"  
     Torre looked shocked, then slapped Kate, but not too hard.
     Kate looked at her, then splashed the contents of her glass into Torre's
face and tits, the thick white cream dripping from the brunette's face onto
her cleavage.  
     "You fucking bitch!" Torre said and grabbed Kate's arm.  Kate tossed the
glass down to the sofa, spilling the last dribbles against Wanda's lap. The
two women began to struggle, and the sound of tearing fabric filled the air. 
     Kate and Torre grabbed each other, and Torre's clothes were ripping and
falling away.  The two fell to the floor, struggling on the carpet. It was
Kate on top first, then Torre, both women's breasts bouncing and shaking.
Kate and Torre struggled as a crowd gathered, and then Torre got the upper
hand, getting a hold of a short thong attached to Kate's choker. She put her
hand on it, pinning Kate's head and shoulders to the floor. Kate's legs were
locked around Torre's waist, and the brunette's naked pussy brushed against
Kate's clit.  
     "Now lick it off you cum-drinking slut!" Torre commanded, then lowered
her wet tits to Kate's face. Sperm covered Torre's lower face, and it was
dripping from her nipples onto Kate's lips.  Kate reached out with her tongue
and licked one nipple.  
     "C'mon! I said lick it all off!" Torre commanded her again, then she
pulled Kate's face between her breasts.  The short-haired blonde began
licking, her face getting wet with the creamy stuff.  She finished each
breast, licking it thoroughly.  
     "Now my face too!" Torre commanded, and again Kate began licking. This
time, Torre got her long kiss, tasting the sperm on Kate's tongue, and
feeling Kate's desperately hot tongue licking back lustily.  
     Linda appeared, holding a pair of glasses, one of which Torre took from
her.  Torre sat up, using her knee to keep Kate's "leash" against the ground.
Leaning back, Torre poured the wine-glass full of still warm sperm over her
clit, and down her slit.  
     "Lick it off bitch." Torre panted. "Lick my cunt!"
     Kate licked, tasting Torre's wetness first. It was sweeter, and less
salty than the male counterpart. Then she tasted the thick sperm and began
lapping it off Torre's labia and clit.  
     "That's it." Torre said. "Get it all, even inside."
     Kate stuck her tongue into Torre's entrance, tasting the sweet cream
that Torre was making. Kate licked and sucked, until Torre's pussy was
cleaned off, but Kate's face was soaked with the girl's wetness.  
     "Now, this'll teach you." Torre said. She took the other glass from
Linda and poured it over Kate's exposed clit, leaving half of it in the
glass. Kate moaned loudly.  Torre drank the other half, then leaned over
Kate, kissing her wetly and using her lips to spread it over the short-haired
blonde's face.  
     Torre got up and walked off, out of the room. Kate lay there, sperm on
her face and clit, looking at people standing around her. She could see women
holding their breasts, or touching themselves, and several men had large
bulges.  One man, standing near Kate's head, unzipped his pants, pulled out
his hard cock and began stroking it. Kate watched, fascinated.  He knelt down
on one knee and pressed it against her lips. 
Kate opened her mouth just in time to receive his gusher of thick cum, 
some of running down her cheek.   
     People moved off, talking in subdued tones. Several couples were more
openly touching each other now. The man moved away too, and Kate hadn't even
seen his face! 
     Kate got up and the redhead came over to her. "Quite a show." She said
to Kate.  
     Kate blushed. Here she was, almost naked, with cum on her face, tits and
clit, talking to a woman who was fully dressed. Kate noticed the young
woman's nipples pressed against her blouse.  
     "I need to clean up." Kate said quietly.
     "Nonsense." The redhead said, and then she stepped forward, licking the
side of Kate's chin. "You look fine." 
     The redhead moved close, then she touched Kate's clit. Electric shocks
went through her as the redhead quietly massaged Kate. She felt a hand pull
gently on her right nipple clamp. "I'd love to lick it all off of you, you
know." 
     Kate sighed softly, her knees getting weak. The redhead kneeled, and she
licked around Kate's engorged clit, making Kate shudder and moan. Several
people looked on, and when Kate opened her eyes again, Barbara was sucking
Mike's thick cock, watching Kate and the redhead while she fingered her
pussy.  
     Kate looked over and saw Wanda, sitting alone, with her dress up over
her lap, and her fingers busily teasing her clit. She wondered where Ken was,
when she felt hands on her hips from behind. Ken spoke, telling her that she
was too hot to resist.  
     The redhead moved back, stripping off her clothes to reveal a firm,
tight body, with full round breasts that formed cones on her chest. Her
triangle was a deep reddish orange. Kate felt herself being bent over and
Ken's cock sliding against her opening.  His cock became wet quickly since
Kate's juices now coated her inner thighs.  
     "You're SO wet! So hot!" Ken breathed.
     The redhead, whose name Kate didn't know, removed the clamps from Kate's
nipples and began sucking them.  Kate felt her body twist inside out, her
hips swaying. Ken's cock probed her anus, sliding against it and pressing
lightly. Kate moaned again. 
     Kate felt her knees giving, and Ken helped her to the floor. Kneeling on
all fours, Kate felt him resume probing her anal entrance. Kate had done this
only once before, but she was too horny to worry about it now.  The redhead
moved around and began licking Wanda's pussy, showing her ass to Kate, who
thought she looked beautifully sexy.  
     Barbara came over to Kate and kissed her, filling her mouth with Mike's
fresh, hot sperm.  Barbara's tongue swirled it around in Kate's mouth, and
then Barbara licked Kate's face with her cum covered tongue. 
Kate was tasting it, feeling it when Ken's cock began to press harder at her
asshole. Kate arched her back, then leaned back, stretching her anus until
Ken's cock slipped in. Ken held it for a moment, then pushed his entire eight
and a half inches deep into her asshole.  
     "OOhhhhhh Godddd!" Kate moaned.
     Out of nowhere, Torre appeared, and she crawled under Kate. Torre began
licking Kate's blonde cunt, fingering her while Ken pumped her asshole. Kate
began to shudder, her orgasm, pent up for so long, threat-ened to arrive
quickly. Torre proved to be expert, keeping Kate on the edge, denying her
release.  Kate bucked harder and harder at the cock invading her asshole,
squeezing it and trying to milk it into her butt. 
     Wanda knelt next to Kate, pulling on Kate's left tit. "You want his hot
cum in your asshole, don't you?"  
     "YES!" Kate hissed.
     "I want to see him fill your creamy white butt full of cum." Wanda
hissed back. "Just like he does when he butt-fucks me." 
     Kate moaned again. The shaft pumping in and out of her asshole along
with Torre's fingers, made Kate incredibly horny, and she wanted to come, to
scream with pleasure. But Torre had been well briefed by Linda, and Kate had
a long way to go yet.  
     Ken's cock kept pumping, and a pair of thirtyish men knelt in front of
Kate. They were jerking their cocks in their fists, and Kate watched them.
She knew what they wanted to do, and she wanted them to do it.   "Oooh!"
Wanda said, "They're gonna shoot their jism all over your face! Would you
like that?" 
     "Uh-huh!" Kate moaned, feeling Ken's cock now making deliberate, deep
strokes in her asshole. 
     The first man leaned forward, and Kate took his cock into her mouth. His
thick cum spurted and she let it fill her mouth before she swallowed it. The
second man slid closer and Wanda lifted Kate up, then squeezed her left tit
hard, pulling on the nipple. Kate felt the man's hot sperm wash over her tit
and Wanda's hand.  Another gush and he came on her mouth, coating her lips
with his white jism.  Wanda leaned down and kissed Kate, licking his jism off
her lips.  
     During their kiss, Ken groaned and shoved his cock deep into Kate's
tight asshole. His sperm gushed out, filling Kate's butt with a creamy
warmth.   
     Kate shuddered, and Torre tried to milk Ken's cock from inside Kate's
cunt, pressing her fingers against the cock through the wall. Kate began
rocking and jutting her hips, wanting to cum now.  
     Ken slowly pulled out of Kate's asshole, leaving her with a very fucked
feeling. Wanda got up and walked of with Ken, and Torre got up and told Kate
not to go away. No sooner had Torre stood, than Kate felt her pussy being
invaded.  Kate didn't even look, but she let the thick tool slide into her
pussy.  A few strokes told her that it wasn't a real cock, and just as she
began to look, a man knelt next to her, pushing his cock into her mouth. Kate
felt the dildo slide into her asshole and groaned.  The cock in her mouth
tasted of pussy, and Kate knew that the man would come quickly.  Indeed he
did.  This guy gushed into her mouth, sending long hot streams splashing
against her cheeks. He pulled out and 
let the rest spurt onto her now sperm drenched face.  Kate held his cock and
smeared his cum over her lips.   
     Another man slid his legs under her, and Kate felt his cock push up
against her cunt. With a dildo in her ass, a cuntfull of cock would certainly
bring her off. His cock turned out to be thick, with a huge head that
stretched her pussy. Kate felt him pushing against her anal wall, right
through her cunt. It felt like she had a horse's cock in her cunt. She hoped
he came like one. 
     When the cock and dildo began moving in alternating strokes, Kate lost
track of everything, except the feelings cramming into her brain. As Kate
floated, every so often she'd blink her eyes open, her brain taking a
snapshot of the room around her. 
     Blink. There was the redhead, riding a cock and sperm soaking her face.
Blink. There was Linda, sucking a tit while someone fucked her from behind.
Blink. Two girls, a pair of tan brunettes, one with her fingers in the
other's wide open cunt. Blink. A big titted woman sucking two guys while a
gal sucks her tits. 
     Kate's mind filled with the images of others fucking, and she knew she'd
started it, and that they were watching her. 
     Torre returned, with a glass of cum, and she poured it over Kate's
breasts, then began to lick it off. Kate grabbed Torre's head and pressed the
brunette's face against her, feeling the slippery wetness. 
     Kate felt the man's cock shoot powerful streams of his sperm inside her
cunt, and she shuddered at the sensation. He pulled out shortly and left Kate
with someone still pumping a dildo, slowly, up her asshole.  
     Kate looked around, and saw who it was. A young, well built brunette was
fucking her ass, with a dildo strapped on her pussy. Moaning filled the air,
as did the musky fragrances of people. Kate was so horny, and she'd thought
she was going to come with the last man, but she didn't.  
     The redhead came back over, smiling and wiping the sperm off her chin.
She kissed Kate, and Kate tasted the rich flavor of cum on the girl's tongue.
They kissed for a long time, breaking just as the dildo girl slid out of
Kate's asshole.  
     "Are you ready?" The redhead asked.
     Kate nodded, ready for anything now.  Torre and the redhead had Kate
stand up, and Kate felt her asshole twinge from the fucking she'd taken. Both
Torre and the redhead led her to a barren coffee table and made her lay down.
The redhead stood alongside her and lifted her legs wide and high. Torre
squatted almost over Kate's face, holding Kate's hands to her thighs.  
     "It's time!" Linda announced, and people began gathering around. Mostly,
the men were standing close to Kate, and women standing behind them.  "Let's
do it!" Linda said from behind a man with a long cock. 
The women reached around and began jacking each man's cock. Kate looked
around her and watched, her pussy cream flowing down her ass freely. Kate
felt lightheaded, and her heart pounded. 
     Several minutes went by and Linda's voice came from behind the man with
the long cock.  
     "C'mon studs!  Soak her with your sperm!" Linda panted.
     "She wants a hot sperm-bath." The redhead chipped in.
     "Drown her in your jism. Soak this hot slut in cum!" Torre moaned, her
pussy dripping onto Kate's face.  
     A man down my Kate's leg came first, his cum landing on her thigh and
stomach. He leaned forward, holding his cock and the girl's hand that pumped
it, and shot twice more onto Kate's spread cunt. The warm cream landed just
next to her clit, and Kate rocked her hips, trying to make it touch her
button. 
     Another creamy splat landed on her left tit, and her side. Then another
landed on her neck, from a man near her shoulder. It started raining cum, the
thick, warm drops landing all over her. The big cock that Linda pumped
spurted a thick stream against Torre's cunt, the hot, thick cum dripping
against Kate's face.  They all started drifting away, slowly, leaving Kate
unsatisfied, but wet with their cum.  Torre held Kate's hands telling her not
to move yet.  
     Two men approached, with huge cocks. One stood behind Torre, rubbing his
thick cock against her cuntlips. The other stood below Kate's ass, jerking
himself off. Kate watched this massive cock sliding against Torre's cuntlips,
getting shiny from the girl's flowing juices. Torre moaned, and her hips
shook, making the last drops of cum in her bush drip onto Kate's upper lip.
Kate could see Torre's clit peeking out, hard, pink, glistening. She arched
her head and licked it, and Torre shuddered hard, lowering her cunt to Kate's
lips.  
     Kate was sucking the cunt when her own cunt spasmed at the huge,
invading cock. It was stretching her wide, wider that she thought she could
stand. The, with a light snap, it went inside her, and filled her sopping
cunt completely. He moved in long, slow strokes, making Kate writhe under
him.  Torre got off of Kate, and Kate tried to suck the other huge cock. The
head was massive, and she barely got it in her mouth. The man was stroking
his cock up to her lips, and Kate ran her tongue around the head.  Torre
leaned over to the man, and said, just loud enough for Kate to hear. 
     "Fill this cuntlicking slut's mouth full of your jism."
     Kate felt her pussy contract hard, but only slightly because of the huge
cock inside her. Then the cock in her mouth throbbed, and she felt the first
rush of his jism. The thick, hot stuff poured into her mouth, and it felt
like he was shooting a gallon. It leaked out of her mouth, and down her
cheeks. Her tongue was covered with it, swimming in a pool of sperm, and it
was all in her mouth. Kate swallowed the warm cream, and then again. The man
pulled back and stroked his cock, a last spurt splashing on her chin. Kate
was licking that huge cockhead, when she felt the surging throb inside her
cunt. The second man pulled out and pressed his cock to her clit. 
     "YES! CUM ON MY CLIT!" Kate shouted. "Shoot your sperm on my CLIT!"
     The man came, just as his brother had, shooting what seemed to be a
gallon of thick, hot sperm, this time all of it covering Kate's hard, swollen
clit.  
     The warm flood against her clit, the sensation of it running down her
cuntlips, and the splatting of sperm on her tits from a third man who was
watching brought Kate to the edge.  The man squirted again, making Kate feel
like she was being washed with a cum-squirting hose. 
     "Yesss! Cummmmmmm!" Kate moaned. Another gush on her clit. "I'm
cummmmmmmmmminnng!" Kate cried, her body spasming completely.  
     Kate's body jerked and shuddered, especially since Torre was lapping
every drop of sperm from her cunt and clit. Kate came again, her cunt bearing
down on Torre's fingers, her back arching.   
     When Torre had finished, she crawled up and kissed Kate, laying on top
of her sperm covered body. 
     Kate floated, feeling only Torre's skin against hers, the slippery
wetness on her body, and the warm, glowing sensation of complete release. She
drifted... 
 
     The dimming of lights woke her, and Kate looked around. Linda was at the
door, turning off the lights. Linda's naked form glistened in the remaining
light. Torre stirred too, and looked up at Linda.  
     "I was going to let you two sleep there, you looked so comfort-able."
Linda said.  
     Kate and Torre got off the hard coffee table and stretched. Kate's body
was sticky from the dried sperm, as was Torre's.  Torre put her arms around
Kate and kissed her again.  
     Linda showed them to a spare bedroom, and the two girls crawled in. Once
under the covers, Kate now turned to Torre and she kissed her. In their warm
bed, they felt their sticky, sperm covered bodies, and licked each other's
nipples.   
     As Torre ate Kate, she looked up at the sweet face of her lover, and
paused, three fingers deep in Kate's cunt.  Kate looked down at Torre, and
saw the girl's slick face glistening wetly.  
     Torre smiled and whispered. "Soak my face with your cunt."
     Kate gasped, and arched her hips, and Torre sucked her clit. Kate moaned
and bucked her twat against Torre's slick face, shaking the bed roughly.  Her
cunt spasmed over and over, and Torre noisily sucked her juices up, rubbing
her face all over Kate's sopping wet cunt.  
     Afterwards, Kate embraced Torre, kissing her over and over. Finally, she
looked at the brunette in the dim light.  
     "How did you know?" Kate asked. "How did you know just what to say?"
     "Because," Torre said softly, kissing Kate's neck. "Because I'm just
like you, and you're the hottest cum soaked slut I've ever met." Kate and
Torre kissed again. 
     "Now," Torre said, "I want to soak your face with my cunt."
     And she did. For the next six years.

--
