Archive-name: Casual/footbrdg.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Footbridge, The


	The night was balmy.  I had just left the bar and was pretty
depressed that I was alone.  The walk home was sobering, not a long walk,
but enough to bring me back to reality as I lit a smoke.  I stopped for a
bit, gathering my bearings before I proceeded.
	
	She was standing opposite me on the other side of the street.  I
instinctively put out my cigarette and walked over. 

	"Have you got another one?", she said.

	"Sure. Mind menthol?"

	It was too dark too see completely.  Her body, however, was thin and
petite.  Her hair was long, dark and rather curly. Her method of smoking was
unique, not just exotic, but sensual. I could have sworn she was making love to
the damn thing,  exhaleing straight and over so that I walked into the smoke.
Talking as we walked her voice was seductive, alluring a sexual connotation at
every oppurtunity.  As we walked, I realized that we were not heading in any
specific destination.  She however knew exactly where she was going because I
soon realized that we were in the Campus Woods.  

	We came upon the river that ran through the woods and headed toward 
the footbridge.  My mind was swirling.  I could not distinguish between her
perfume and the flora.  Fresh new scents exited me at every inhalation.  Sweet
and sexy winds carried her hair.  I was truly hard, but more than that my
mind was filled with passion and raw sensuality.  Half-way across the bridge
she stopped and sat down, taking off her boots.  

	"Come on.  The water feels really nice.", she wispered.

	I went over and sat down next to her.  I took off my shoes and placed
my feet in the water.  It was cold, exquisitely cold.  She pulled out a bowl and
packed it with marijuana.  It's scent mixed with hers and made me dizzy.  It
wasn't like a new scent, but rather it was always there and I just hadn't
noticed it before.

	"Mind if I smoke?", she asked.

	"No. Not at all.", I replied

	"Do you want some?"

	"Yeah. Sure."

	She smoked hard.  I could hear the wind being sucked through the bowl 
at mach speeds.  Her lips wrapped around the end of it, pulsating and vibrant. 
She never took the lighter away,  the pot glowed, it eluminated her entire face.
She was serene.  Her eyes reflected the light and seemed to glow.  Her cheek 
bones were high and well formed.  She was still sucking hard on the bowl with 
her full pouty lips.  

	Then I smoked, it was strong.  The strongest I ever smoked.  My 
lungs burned and my eyes watered.  We passed the bowl back and forth until 
it was spent.  We smoked another cigarette,  the pot WAS strong. I could feel
it already.  As I inhaled the menthol vapor deeply, it swirled and spiraled 
down to my toes.  She felt the same way, I could feel it.  She let out
a soft moan as she took a drag and exhaled.  She layed back and watched the
stars.  Giggling as if on another planet.  I leaned over and put my face in 
front of hers.

	She said nothing, just blinked and shut her eyes.  Her hands combed my
face and found my lips.  Tracing the outside and then moving to my eyes.  
She pressed slightly and encompassed my head with both hands.  She pulled me
closer opened her mouth and kissed me.

	Her lips were suculant.  They had a mind of their own as they pulsated
around mine.  She oozed sexuality.  Her tongue traced my inner lips and 
found my tongue.  Our tongues circled and caressed, causing me to moan slightly
into her mouth.  Her hands worked their way down.  Finding my chest and erect
nipples.  She touched them, tugged at them.  The feeling was exhilarating.  She
removed my shirt and started to kiss her way down.  Kissing my neck, down,
further, further.  I was so excited I almost came.  

	She unbuckled my belt and jeans with her teeth.  I brought up my hips 
and she slid my pants off.  She took the head of penis.  Her lips had the same
pulsating rythm.  She sucked hard and bit down slightly.  

	"Uhhhhhggg.", I whimpered.

	"Mmmmmm.", she replied.

	She went down on it.  She pushed it all the way to the back of throat.  
Her tongue viciously darted out and tickled my scrotum.  It then caressed them,
cautiously.  My mind was a cloud of smoke.  She was encircling my thoughts,
enveloping my manhood.  She continued to caress me with her tongue.  She came 
up, dragging her teeth.  Her suculant lips encumbered the head of my penis 
again.  This time her tongue tickled the tip.  Pre-cum was dripping out of 
the opening, but that did not stop her rythm.  She traced the tip with her 
finger.  Her head started to move faster. I moaned loudly.  I felt her moan 
also, deeply.  Her finger came to mouth and went inside.  Salty, but I didn't
mind, it was sensual.  Her other hand grasped my shaft.  It gripped firmly 
and waited for her mouth to join it.  Her head and hand now moved in unison.  
Up and down slightly twisting.  Her saliva coated me.  Her mouth began to 
suck harder, her tongue vibrating faster.  She moved her hand yet even faster,
faster.  I began to stiffen, my hips bucked wildly.  

	"Uhhhhhggg."

	Faster, Faster.  Me scrotum became rock hard, she stroked it, cared for
it.  My penis became tense.  She went all the way down.  Tenser, firmer.  She
swallowed, her throat muscles tightened.  Her hand kept their rythmic pace.
I let out a cry.  I came.  I shot hot semen right down her throat.  She pumped
faster, harder.  Shot after shot, I came.  My semen coated her tongue and mouth.
She kept sucking, wanting more.  I had no more.  Ecstacy.  I lay there, my penis
still enveloped.  She licked me clean.  She came to me and we kissed, deeply, 
passionately.

	--- to be continued ---
-- 
