                        DarkNites:      For you..
                        =========================


        The doorbell jangled.  Jonathan made a last attempt to straighten 
his bow-tie, grimacing as it stubbornly remained at a 15 degree to the 
horizontal.  He took a last look at himself in the mirror.  Thank God that 
he had always felt comfortable in formal clothes.

        He grabbed his wallet and opened the front door.  Katerina stood there 
gazing at him, a calm smile on her lips.  His eyes swept over her 
appreciatively.  She was in a short, strapless black dress with a black silk
scarf draped over her upper arms.  The expression in her eyes as she looked
 -- Hit SPACEBAR him over told him that he wasn't looking too bad either..

        "You look sexier than hell", he said pulling her into his arms.  "How
am I going to keep my hands off you?"  That got a wicked grin out of her.
        "Don't know."  She reached around to squeeze his butt.  "I know I won't
try to..."  He gave a soft growl and lifted her clear off her feet, molding her
body to his.
        "AHA!  You are my prisoner now.  Don't even try to fight me.  I intend
to have my wicked way with you!"  A strange look flitted through her eyes as
her lips formed a mysterious smile.
        "Come on, we're going to be late.", she said, wriggling in his arms.
He let her down with a sigh.  "Aren't you going to tell me where we're going?", 
he asked.  

        "Nope."  Deftly, she slipped the scarf off her shoulders and twirled
it into a blindfold.  "Its a surprise."  He looked at her, standing there with
that strange light in her eyes and a little dread crept into him.  He was a 
strong man, always in control, never letting his guard down and perpetually 
watching his back.  Then he met Kat, and he found a woman who was strong 
enough to stand up to him, and he fell madly in love.  They had been through
so much but there was still a part of him that couldn't trust her.  Now there
she was, standing there waiting for him to put himself in her power.

 -- Hit SPACEBAR        His heart began to pound in slow, hard strokes as he shut his eyes and
felt the silk wrap around his head.  She took his hand and led him down his 
driveway to her car..

                        -----------------------

        Katerina turned the key in the ignition.  The engine died.  She glanced
beside her.  Jonathan was completely tense, using his hearing to orientate
himself.  She smiled to herself.  Jon was a tough man but she could see clearly
that he hated being this way.  She got out, walked over to his side and helped
him out.

        "So, are we at my surprise yet?", he asked calmly.  "She pursed her
lips, considering.  "Not quite..  A little way more."  He felt her hand in 
his and let her lead him up a short driveway, stumbling a little over the 
little stones in his path.  He heard the jangle of keys and the sound of a 
door opening.  She pulled him forward.  He stepped into warmth and stillness.

        "Kat, where are we?"  He felt her lips on his.  Soft and comforting.
The air was scented lightly, smelling of....  sandalwood.  Her favorite scent.
But this was not her apartment.

        Katerina looked slowly around the room.  Scented candles were
 -- Hit SPACEBAR everywhere, shedding a warm glow over everything.  She drew both of his hands 
in hers and drew him slowly to the double bed in the middle on the room.  She 
stood back from him, then placed her hands on his shoulders and drew them 
down his lapels to the single button holding the tuxedo together.

        Jonathan felt his jacket part and then her hands pushing it off his 
shoulders.  Instinctively he raised a hand to take off the blindfold but 
she caught it and pulled it back down to his side.  Realization hit him then,
a pure thrill of excitement going through him.  His senses sharpened instantly,
focusing on the touch of her hands through his dress shirt and the rush of 
blood to his groin.

        He reached for her as her hands started on the buttons of his shirt,
clasping her hips and pulling her against him.  He shaped her bottom, sliding
his hands over them slowly, making a mental picture in his mind.   His hands
swept gently up the velvet to find her breasts.  She gasped as he took their
weight in his palms, squeezing them.  Muscles in her buttocks spasmed as his
thumbs found her taut nipples through the fabric.   And then she was done!

        He felt her yank the shirt out of his pants and practically tear it 
off him..  A little of her wildness crept into him as he shoved down the 
top of her dress roughly, a metallic rattle in the background as her zip gave
way.  Immediately she shoved him away, leaving him alone in the darkness, 
 -- Hit SPACEBAR sensing only her tense presence nearby.

        She slipped out of her dress quickly, leaving her only in her panties.
Slowly she moved close enough for him to sense her.  Not touching him at
all, she walked slowly around him taking in the sight of his naked chest 
glowing golden in the candlelight.  She stopped when she was back in front of
him.  One hand on his chest guided him backwards until he felt the softness of
the bed against the back of his knees.  A slight push and he was sitting on it.
He could feel the bed dip beside him and then she was pushing him back until 
he was lying back on the bed.  

        Katerina knelt over him not letting any part of her body touch his, 
save her hands.  Beginning at his shoulders she stroked down his arms, stopping
at his wrists.  She slowly wrapped her fingers around them and drew them up
over his head.  She released one hand and reached for one of the silk scarves
attached to the bed.  

        As soon as Jonathan felt something soft slide over his hand and tighten
around his wrist, a sharp bolt of sheer panic shot through him.  He shot off
the bed to his knees, his right arm still bound to the brass headboard.  He 
started to wrestle with the knot, just as he felt her hand slip over his and
still it.

 -- Hit SPACEBAR        "Trust me..." came a whisper floating to him on the still, warm air.
He loved her.  Everything in him screamed at his loss of control.  He had
to trust her.  He was scared stiff.  He stood still for a moment and then 
wordlessly, he held out his free hand to her.

        He sank back into the bed, and felt her finish binding him to the
bed.  His entire body felt like a live wire, every inch of skin suddenly 
incredibly sensitive to every brush of her body.  His panic was subsiding
but he was still tense..

        He felt fluttering fingers on the snap of this pants, heard the
zip slide down.  Lifting his hips slightly, he let her pull it off.  His 
boxers soon followed.  Katerina sat back on her heels, her eyes travelling
slowly down his naked body, his skin glowing a rich gold in the flickering
candlelight.  He was still nervous but he was also incredibly aroused.  His
shaft was throbbing and erect and she longed to wrap her hand around it and
feel its firmness.  She banished such thoughts from her mind.  This night
was for him.

        She leant slightly towards him and placed one hand slightly above
his chest.  He stiffened, sensing its presence.  She moved it downward
slowly, watching his skin break out in goosebumps at this invisible caress.
Down she went until her hand was poised over his crotch.  She watched him
 -- Hit SPACEBAR lie there, straining his body towards her and then she wrapped her hand 
around his cock.  She heard a sigh of pleasure escape him as the warmth
came around him.  Bending slightly, she flicked her tongue quickly across 
the sensitive head of his penis and immediately felt the throbbing of the
vein that signalled the rush of more blood..

        She bounded off the bed, and headed for the refrigerator.  Behind her
Jonathan lifted his head sightlessly, listening for her.  Then she was on the
bed again, stretching out beside him, still not letting her body touch his.

        He felt it first at his belly button.  Something chilly and rough,
moving up his chest and circling around his nipples.  They stiffened even
more, his sensitized skin reacting to the rasp of the thing.  Then it was
poised at his lips.  He opened his mouth and took a bite.  Sweetness
exploded in his mouth, the juice sliding down his throat and lingering on 
his lips.  Kat popped the rest of the strawberry in her mouth and bent
down to claim his lips.  His tongue thrust fiercely into her mouth, clearly 
tasting the tang of the fruit.  It felt exotic and wildly erotic as her
hands ran over him, touching and stroking as only she knew how.

        She pulled away from him.  He lifted his head to keep contact with
her lips just a little longer but she was faster.  Suddenly he felt a strong
chill at his hip moving around in growing circles.  Ice!  He knew it 
 -- Hit SPACEBAR immediately.  Katerina smiled as she saw it in his quick smile.  She drew it
swiftly down one leg and back up on the inside, watching him flinch as it
touched his sensitive inner thighs.  

        She popped the ice block her mouth and then threw it over her shoulder
as she bent down and pressed her cold lips to the crease where his leg meet 
his body.  Jonathan came off the bed with a cry, his mind suddenly reeling.  
Her tongue flicked out and traced the crease, feeling his body jerk under her.
His heat warmed her up again as her tongue danced tantalizingly nearer and 
then further from his cock, drawing teasing circles on his balls, in his pubic
hair..

        Then her tongue was on him, the rough rasp sliding around his 
sensitive head made his body jerk involuntarily.  One hand wrapped around him
and began to stroke the sensitive skin.   Then it tightened around him and
slowly began to pump.  His breathing became shallow as she increased her
pace slowly, always keeping it slower that what he needed, making him
want..

        Then suddenly she went full speed ahead, her hand milking his 
cock furiously.  "Yes!  Oh God, Yes!"  The pleasure was sharp and perfect,
driving him swiftly but surely towards coming.  But then suddenly he was 
engulfed in heat and wetness.  The rhythm broke and he was left pulsing,
 -- Hit SPACEBAR heart pounding madly as frustrated desire flowed through his veins.

        Katerina gave him a few seconds to recover and then she ground her
jaw sideways, her tongue and the walls of her mouth flowing around him in
an intensely elaborate caress.  She kept it slow, letting her tongue 
tease and flick his head, throughly enjoying the sight of his clenching
hands straining at her scarves.  Then suddenly she drew her head back and
plunged down, taking his entire length into her throat.  Jonathan groaned,
his hips arching up into her mouth.  His most basic instincts screamed at him
to thrust into her, but she had his lower body pinned down and the rest of him
completely at her mercy..

        Kat pulled back and plunged down again and again, her lips squeezing
with just the right amount of pressure.  His hips found the rhythm, moving
with her towards his climax.  His head pressed back into the pillows, a 
grimace etched on his mouth as he felt the first shudders begin to start in
his groin.  Katerina felt them too because she stopped.

        "NO!  DAMMIT KAT!", he exploded.  She didn't answer him.  Instead,
she came to her knees and slid off her panties.  Then she knelt astride him
and lowered herself down carefully.  Jonathan felt her wetness rub against his
shaft and his stomach.  Slowly she started to rub herself against him,
spreading her fluids all over him.  Deep inside him, a stronger instinct
 -- Hit SPACEBAR came alive suppressing the throbbing ache in his balls.  His hands clenched
and jerked at his bonds, trying to get loose.  His imagination clearly
saw her pinned beneath him as he thrust into her, her legs coming up to 
wrap around his waist letting him have full access to her. 

        Kat took his cock in her hand, guiding it to her clitoris, rubbing
it and her inner lips with just the right pressure.  She began to shudder
as the pleasure spread through her groin.  The pure mental arousal she had 
gone through so far had brought her so close to the edge that she had to have
relief.  Jon realised what she was after and began to thrust himself against
her.  She let go off his shaft with a grateful sigh and laid her body down on
his.  Her knees were spread so far apart on either side of him that every
thrust brought him in close contact with her throbbing clitoris.  

        Jonathan could feel her trembling on his chest, her hands gripping
his shoulders in rhythm with his thrusts.  He could hear her soft whimpers,
could feel the familiar pleasure spread through his own body with every
touch of her wet flesh.  He sped up his movements, hearing her whimpers
grow to loud gasps, feeling her press herself closer to his cock.  Her 
nails dug into his shoulders and then her body froze against his as her 
orgasm broke over her.  

        Jon's own body had taken over, rubbing furiously still to gain its
 -- Hit SPACEBAR own satisfaction.  Kat came down from her climax to find that she was
heading for another.  This time, she needed a more satisfying one.  She pushed
herself off his chest and straightened up before plunging down directly on
his erect penis.  Jon arched back with a wild cry as he felt himself buried
in a hot, wet haven.  

        Katerina braced her hands on Jon's chest as then began to pump her
hips, not enough for her to withdraw completely but just enough to see Jon
start writhing under her.  Her scarves were stretched taut with the violence 
of his struggles but her knots were excellent and held true.  Kat's dark hair 
spilled over one shoulder and both their bodies gleamed wetly in the 
candlelight as she ground her clitoris against his pubic bone with each 
thrust.  

        She sped up, squeezing her inner muscles to offer him an incredibly
tight sheath.  The added stimulation was too much to bear.  Jon went rigid,
an agonized grimace on his face as his shaft throbbed violently within her, 
his long-delayed orgasm double its usual intensity.  One last deep grind of 
Kat's hips and she cried out, the squeezing of her muscles changing to 
violent, uncontrolled spasms that joined his own.

        She collapsed on top of his exhausted body.  He still couldn't see
a thing but the dead weight on top of him told him that she had climaxed
 -- Hit SPACEBAR with him.  A slow smile spread over his face, widening into a cocky grin.  
This being-tied-up stuff wasn't too bad...

        "God, Kat.  You're wonderful..."  He felt her smile against his 
chest.  "But wait till I get my hands on you..", he finished deliciously.
A soft laugh reached his ears.  


        "That could be a while, lover.   What makes you think that this
        is over?"


