Archive-name: 3plus/forcfant.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Forced Fantasy


     This was the first time Nick had seen his friend Jeff in three
years. Jeff had gone off to school and Nick moved down to Florida.
When he came home for a visit this Christmas he decided he would drive
the three hours to Camden to see Jeff.  On the trip there he thought
about how Jeff had changed, he'd graduated, moved in with some woman,
and settled down.  He couldn't ever imagine Jeff settling for one woman.
Even when Jeff was dating two girls, he still had plenty of energy to
chase women, read Playboy, and come over to Nick's to watch blue movies.
He couldn't wait to meet the ball and chain who did him in.  If she
looked like Jeff's old girlfriends, he could wait.  Jeff had a penchant
for young looking, flat chested, dark haired , tall women.  Nick didn't
share his tastes.
     He arrived at Jeff's new address, Jeff answered and was happy,
and a little apprehensive to see Nick.  Jeff looked successful, power
hair cut, expensive suit, BMW in the drive, and this house was
something.  Not too bad for the nerd Jeff was in grade school.  Nick
looked around for "Nikki" who was Jeff's ball and chain.  No signs
of her except the decor.
     "Nick, it is great to see you, and I would be really happy at
you staying here for the holidays, but please, just don't upset
Nikki with talking about old times.  From what I've told her, she
is oppsed to old times, and you old man!!"
     Nick grinned.  Oh he just loved making Jeff squirm.  So Nikki was
bossy too.  "When will the old ball and chain be back?"
     "She has a rehearsal, she'll be in way after we go to sleep,
and she will most likely come home and try to figure out a way to
open her Christmas presents and rewrap them without me noticing.
I always end up buying her twice as many presents because she
knows what everything is before Christmas morning!!"
    Jeff looked around for pictures of this girl, but evidently
she was camera shy, they always used to evaluate each other's
girlfriends.
     He couldn't sleep, so he got up to go get something to eat in
the kitchen.  The Christmas tree looked huge and was the only source
of light in the house with its lights.  Then he saw her.  The girl
was bent over investigating her presents evidently.  She wore a tee
shirt that revealed white cotten panties and one hell of an ass and
long tan legs.  Long straight blonde hair came halfway down her back.
>From the back this girl was a hell of a looker, he waited for her
to turn around so he could assess the rest of her, which he was sure
was not as good.  She was laughing to herself, I moved back into
the huge plant and shadows so I could watch her without her knowing.
She bent over to look at another package when Jeff came bursting
in to the room screaming "Aha!!!!"  he tackled her and the fell
into the presents laughing.  Her hair feel away from her face,
she was absolutely beautiful.  Gorgeous peach skin, very dark eyes,
and a killer smile.  Nick was impressed.  He listened to Jeff
complain about Nikki's late hour, and how he was missing of late.
He also, to his incredulous ears, heard her say until he kidnapped
and forced himself on her, no way.  He teasingly called her
a slut, and said he would think about her fantasy some more, but
he just needed something to tide himself over.  He started kissing
her, and as she rollled on her side her shirt pulled up revealing
small white panties against a tanned concave stomach.  God, he had to
see her tits.  But her hair was covering them.  Jeff kissed her stomach
and looked like he was blowing hot air through her panties onto
her pussy.  She was breathing heavily.  "Jeff, eat my pussy please?"
He pulled down her panties, and her pussy hair was dark for a blonde,
dark brown, and was shaved into the popular rectangle.  Jeff licked
and sucked her pussy, and when she raised her hips to meet his mouth
Nick got glimpses of her ass.  Then she asked, 'Enough tiding...?"  Got
up and ran to their bedroom.  Jeff looked pissed, evidently he
was going to have to give into this fantasy of hers.  Nick was
pissed, god he had to see her tits!!
     Nick woke up to the smell of bacon, coffee, and he thought
blueberry muffins.  He went to the kitchen and Jeff introduced,
beeming proudly, Nick to Nikki.  She said hello rather cooly and
served them breakfast.  She was even more beautiful now.  He
still couldn't make out her chest because she had on biker
pants and a baggy sweatshirt.  They looked enormous though.  But
enormous also meant sag.  Oh well, she's not perfect!!  She took
off.  nick told Jeff what he had witnessed the night before.
Jeff didn't seem mad, he actually seemed to enjoy the voyeurism.
"Don't tell Nikki man.  She is very protective about her nudity!!
So you heard the bit about the fantasy then?"
     "What is that all about?"
     "Nikki wants me to force her to have sex.  She has always
had the typical female rape fantasy.  Not violent of
course, just the man she loves acting out a scene.  But I also
know she gets turned on by the idea of two guys, hey Nick, you
find her attractive?"
     So they set it up.  The only problem was Nikki seemed to
actively dislike Nick.  But maybe that would add to it.  She got
home pretty late.  She went to take a whirlpool, and Jeff and
Nick invited her to watch movies with them.  They both wear
sweat pants and no shirts.  They prepared snacks, and Nikki
came out looking emabarassed at their state of undress, wearing
a long shirt that seemed to cover up a tight half tee shirt
and underwear.  She dived under the blankets, between Jeff
and Nick, and they settled back onto the sectional to
watch the movies.
     Jeff had told Nick earlier that Nikki had lost a bet to him
yesterday and today she was his complete slave.  She thought
it was great Nick showed up because now Jeff wouldn't really
make her cough up on the bet.  She was wrong.
     They turned on the first movie, a soft porn.  Nikki
started to get up, she was pissed.  Jeff reminded her about
their bet, and how she had to do anything he said.  She
looked embrassed that he said this in front of me.  I smiled at
her.  She sat back down.
     Nick and Jeff were getting turned on from the movie, but more
from Nikki's discomfort, and what was to come.  Nikki was drinking
some champagne, and Jeff kissed her sharing the taste.  She looked
very uncomfortable and rebellious, but I guess she was a woman
of her word.  Jeff started tongue kissing her, massaging her neck
and took her hair down from its ponytail.  She stopped looking
resentful and started looking turned on.  Jeff stopped and told
her to take off her shirt.  Nikki balked loudly, but gave in when
Jeff explained everytime she questioned a command tonight, she
would get a punishment, in front of Nick.  "Nick wants to see
your big tits, take off the overshirt."  Nikki slowly unbuttoned
it, flushing angrily, and pulled her hair over the front of
the half tee shirt.  Jeff pulled it back.   She had really
big tits, but that looked great on her.  Her waist was so narrow
it added to the effect.  The tee shirt hugged her, and when she
moved you could see her jiggle.  You couldn't see her nipples though.
Oh well, anticipation is fun.
     Another 10 minutes into the movie Nick put his arm around her
shoulders.  She went stiff but eventually relaxed against his shouler.
She smelled great, clean and soft.  She had pulled up the blanket
around her shirt, and Jeff nudged Nick to pull it down.  He did,
and got hard all over again.  He was never so turned on.    
     He let his hand slip down and brushed the cold cooler bottle
against her tit.  He moved it back and forth, and heard her intake
of breath.  Het put down the cooler and let his hand slip down
around one big mound.  Jeff did look a little like he was getting
jealous, but also looked horny.  He massaged her breast, he couldn;t
wait to see her tits.  He reached up under the tee shirt and play
with the undersides of her tits, jiggling them up and down.  She
looked really uncomfortable, but her nipples were jutting out
through the shirt.  He picked up the cooler and rubbed it accross
her chest and then poured some onto her tee shirt.  She pulled
back, but Jeff pushed her forward and told her to stick out
her tits for Nick.  he poured more cooler over them until
the shirt was transparent.  He nipples were large and dark.
Nick told her to take off her shirt, when she hesitated, Jeff
nodded at her.  She reached up and pulled off the wet shirt.  She
had  the best tits Nick had ever seen.  Big and round, firm, and
capped with large dark nipples that looked swollen and jutted
out from the breast itself.  He couldn't stand it, he knew he
was hurting her, but he had to keep tugging at them.  He did that
for 10 minutes.  Pinching and tugging.  She started to moan with
a little pain and probably pleasure as well.  She pulled back and
pulled up the cover.  Nick let her rest for awhile, he was about
to cum, so he gave himself a breather too.  In a little while
he pulled down the blanket again and pulled her onto his lap.
He reached around for the ice in the champagne bucket, and rubbed
it all over her tits.  Under, over, and agonizingly over her
nipples.  She was facing him and he pulled her down to rest on
his erection, grinding her against it.  He could feel the heat of
her pussy through both their clothes.  All the sudden she pulled
back and started to get up.  Jeff was pissed and told her she
would be punished.  He got up and came back with clothes pins.
He placed one on each nipple, and she screamed with each one.
He opened them up and pinched her everytime she complained until
she shut up.
     He warned her that next time she would take one of us up
her ass.  She was quiet.  He told her to give Nick a blow job.
Nick grabbed her head and pushed it down as he slipped down his
sweats to reveal a thick hard on.  Nikki recoiled from its size,
and Nick pushed her down again.  She choked and sputtered, but started
sucking his cock like a pro.  She used her hand with her mouth well.
Nick layed her down and dangled his balls over her face, she turned
her mouth away.  Jeff lifted up her legs and smacked her on the
ass hard.  She relented and Nick's balls got sucked and munched
up.  
     Jeff told her to put her tits together and he rubbed his
cock between her fabulous tits.  Nick pushed in and out of her
mouth, about to cum, he warned her.  She pulled away yelling,
she hated the taste of cum.  Jeff pushed her down and swatted
her ass until she sucked Nick, and when he came and she tried
to pull away, Jeff made her swallow the cum and even the
shots that missed her mouth and landed on her beautiful
peach skin he made her wipe with her fingers and eat.
     He then pulled off her panties.  Her pussy was perfectly
trimmed and thick.  Jeff spread apart her lips and showed Nick her
large clit.  Jeff flicked it a few times, and made her turn
around.  He rubbed her ass cheeks, which were bubbly but not quite
chunky, and spread her cheeks to show Nick her asshole.
     Jeff pulled her down and inserted his cock into her mouth,
and the sight of that made Nick hard again.  As soon as he was,
he layed down and Nikki got on top of him and slowly slid down
his cock, grimacing at its large size.  She was hot, wet and very
tight.  Jeff had bragged about her tight pussy, he hadn't been
lying.  They took the clothes pins off her nipples, and
she rubbed her sore tits.  The jiggled up and down as she slowly
rode him.  She was just getting into it, bobbing up and down,
big tits jiggling, nipples hard and swollen, and Jeff pushed her over,
rubbed her ass with some oil of some kind and started to put his
dick in her ass.  She yelled strong protests, so Nick grabbed her
and held her steady.  She wimpered and yelled and her tits were
hanging over Nick's face, so her starting squeezing and sucking them,
and renewed their soreness.  She started to like it though, and Jeff
had stopped moving to accustom his virgin ass to him.  She started
rubbing her generous mounds over Nick's face and he kept telling
her how big and gorgeous her tits and nipples were.  She started
pumping him again and Jeff took the opportunity to push into
her ass.  She screamed but then started riding it out.  A
mixture of pain and pleasure.

Jeff pulled out and came on her ass, and Nick flipped her over
and did it doggy style.  She loved this position the best from
what Jeff had said, and started moaning and breathing hard as soon
as Nick put his cock next to her lips.  His cock was thicker than
Jeff's and she loved it.  She begged to be pumped harder, Nick
obliged her.  The sight of Nick fucking her, seeing her
tits swing wildly back and forth had Jeff hard again, and he
put himself in her mouth.  Nick came, Nikky came, and Jeff
came in her mouth, and this time she seemd to like it a little better.

They all slept in Nikki's and Jeff's king size bed.  Later, was another
story....Interested?  Lemme know and I will write more about this
vacation!

--
