Copyright (c) 1997, Drake,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.






                  A Walk Through the Forrest                  
             Story #3 in the Archman Family Series             


Suzy had  managed to  escape from the  house while her  parents
were in an arguement. Suzy lived in a rural community and liked
to walk on  mountain paths  whenever she  had nothing  to do or
when her parents  were argueing.  They disapproved  of their 11
year old walking alone  in the forest but  she still managed to
get out now and then.  There hadn't been  much to do  after her
younger brother had been hauled  away to her aunts house by her
unsympathetic parents.  She came across a fork in the path like
usual.  One way led back to civilization, the other lead deeper
into the forest.  The only problem with the path leading deeper
into the forest was that it went by an old creepy house with an
open yard.  In the  yard  were  two dogs.  She didn't  mind the
smaller dog,  which was  nice and playful,  but she did  have a
problem  with  the  bigger  dog.  The big  dog usual  kept it's
distance but occasionally  it would walk  up to her.  It didn't
attack or growl but Suzy still found it to be intimidating.

Suzy was  tempted to go off the  path and  into the  bushes but
she hadn't had time to put pants on and knew her legs would get
scratched and  her skirt  would be ruined.  She walked  bravely
down the road.  As she approached the house her confidents fled
and she walked slowly. She walked passed front of the house and
looked into the yard... no dogs.  She was tempted to scamper on
by but curiosity got the better of her.

"Where are they?  They've always been here.  Maybe they went up
the  path." Suzy thought.  She waited a minute.  Still nothing.
She started to fear that they were farther up the path, waiting
for her.

Suzy walked  into the yard cautiously  and looked  around.  She
finally spotted one of the dogs behind the backyard fence. "So,
they've finally decided to cage those things up,"  she thought.
Suzy still didn't see  the big  dog,  the one  she feared.  She
assumed the dog was deeper into the backyard where she couldn't
see.  She walked up to the backyard fence to pet the whimpering
dog's head.  The dog  seemed  pleased  and  rubbed  her head up
against Suzy's hand. The dog leaned up against the fence hoping
Suzy would  pet her back.  She did.  Suzy suddenly  noticed the
dog was bleeding  from her vagina.  She saw that the dog wasn't
in pain and immediately  guessed she was in heat.  "Sorry dog I
gotta get going,  catcha later," Suzy turned  around and headed
for the forrest.

She walked calmly out  of the yard enjoying  the shade from the
trees and  the small  breeze on the  hot  summer day.  Suzy was
nearing the path when  she was suddenly  knocked to the ground.
She was in a state of shock when  she felt a tongue on the back
of her neck. Suzy finally realized that the big dog had pounced
on her. She was scared senseless.  She screamed for help as the
dog began  to sniff her.  When no  one answered  her cries Judy
decided she would have to save herself. Suzy first tried to get
up but the dog  was way to  heavy for her.  Then the dog turned
around and began licking her legs.  She tried to crawl away but
the dog repostioned  himself so she  coudn't escape.  He worked
his head into her skirt and began licking her panties.

Looking back,  the girl saw the  dog's long, red boner pressing
hard  against  his flat,  muscular brown belly.  It was  slowly
enlargening and reaching  out of its fury pouch.  Suzy dared to
stick her hand out  and touch it.  It felt slimy  and continued
to enlargen.  When it reached  seven inches  long and a  little
over two inches  wide it stopped.  The sight of his cock,  plus
the warm tongue  continually licking her  panties caused her to
get involentarily moist. The dog soon picked up her sweet scent
and began  to lick harder.  Although she enjoyed it, she became
panicky and was running out of options.

The dog jumped up yelping  as Suzy yanked his cock.  As she got
up to ru, the dog jumped at her,  ripping her skirt and panties
but fumbling to  the ground.  She ran off  into the  woods full
speed.  She ran  tried to  avoid as  many  bushes  as possible,
receiving small scratches. Suzy looked back to see that the dog
was dangerously close.  Suddenly, not paying attention to where
she was going,  Suzy tripped over a small tree stump.  The tree
stump was only big enough to support most of her stomach so the
rest of her dangled  over the sides.  Her but now  uncovered by
her ripped skirt  and panties,  pointed straight back,  putting
her into the fetal position.

Suzy stuck her hands  out and attempted to  push herself to her
feet but it was too late, the dog hovered over her again.  Suzy
felt the dog's  strong forelegs  slide around her  upper chest,
pushing against  her tits,  hugging her hard  for support while
his hindquarters danced nervously behind her.  Suzy screamed in
surprise, as she felt the dogs  slimy cock poke her in her left
butt cheek. The dog repositioned himself and gave her a wallop-
ing blow to her erect clitoris. Suzy screamed as the dog lower-
ed himself  and pushed  his hips forward,  this time  making it
into the awaiting lips of her vagina. Suzy made a half-moaning,
half-screaming sound.  The dog  pulled out and  thrusted again,
making it  three inches  into her  wet pussy.  Suzy was silent.
The dog slipped out  and pushed in again,  going all the way in
but this time  without bringing  himself all the way out.  Suzy
couldn't help but moan.

Suzy could feel the dog squirting  small amounts of clear slimy
liquid into her  vagina as he thrusted.  She moaned  softly and
felt her small body pushing back at him with his movements. Her
tight vagina stretched, sending her tingly sensations.  The dog
moved in and out in  a slow rythmic motion,  she could feel his
fur on her butt cheeks and back. The dog panted hard and stared
dumbly into the distance. Suzy continued to moan and forgot all
about the dog she was with,  about the forrest around her,  and
the circumstances in which she was being fucked;  all she cared
about was the seven inch cock in  her pussy and the warm tingly
feeling it gave her.  Suzy started to feel the tension building
up and she began pushing  back at the dog faster.  When the dog
matched her  speed she  went faster.  The two  continued  to go
faster until it  finally became too  much for Suzy.  The little
girl began to move uncontrollably.

She cummed with a loud moan,  then collapsed on the stump.  The
dog continued to hump her,  until she heard him give out a half
bark and felt a gush of warm liquid. The dog stopped moving and
to Suzy's surprise  she felt the  tip of his  cock enlargening.
Suzy felt  her vagina stretch to occupy  his expanding cock and
suddenly began to cry.  The dog,  still within  her brought his
head down and began licking her face in appreciation.  Somehow,
this made her feel  better and she giggled.  They stood in that
position for what seemed like forever.  Suzy could feel herself
filling up with  his warm sperm and becoming  excited again.  

Finally,  she could  feel the dog shrinking  inside of her.  He
moved off  and Suzy  rolled onto  the dirt.  No sooner  had the
dog's sperm started  to leek then his  head was down in between
her legs attempting  to close the hole.  Suzy loved the feel of
his long wet tongue and just relaxed in the breeze as he licked
her pussy.  The dog continued to lick her pussy, Suzy squeezing
her vagina  forcing more liquid  out whenever  he stopped.  She
soon approached another climax, this one more calm.

The dog walked away, back to his home,  as soon as Suzy stopped
forcing his thick  white liquid out  of her fuck hole.  After a
minute or two Suzy fixed her skirt and started on her way home.
Suzy worked her  way back  home carefully,  if she were  to run
into someone she knew  it would be one of  the most embarrasing
moments in her life.  She ducked  behind a bush  when she heard
a car driving near (the path ran near a dirt road).  As the car
drove by she saw an old man,  who she recognized to live in the
old house,  and a boy  who she  had never  seen before.  He had
light brown  hair and seemed  her age but  she hadn't  seen him
long enough to  get a good look.  Suzy snuck  her way  home and
into her room (through her window)  without any further interr-
uptions.  This of course  isn't the end  of Suzy's or any other
Archman's adventures.  Till next time.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....