                         FRAGMENT

                      by V.P. Viddler



     Harry Barrington arriving home found himself in a nightmare.

     His wife, Betsy, thirty-eight, was hanging by her hair from 
the living room chandelier, stark naked, wrists tied tightly in 
back of her, mouth tightly gagged, body straining as she stood on 
her toes, still-high firm breasts quivering, nipples stiff with 
fright, eyes wide with horror.

     His daughter Emily, nineteen, was lying spread eagled across 
the dining room table, wrists and ankles bound to its legs, body 
taut, stark naked, mouth tightly gagged, stretched so tightly she 
could move nothing but her head.

     His daughter Judy, seventeen, was tied on her knees on the 
kitchen floor, stark naked, ankles bound, thighs bound, elbows 
lashed together behind her back, hands useless, breasts pulled up 
and out, hair bound with rope secured to a ring in the floor, 
pulling her head back sharply, pulling her mouth open. She was 
not gagged.

     His daughter Karen, fifteen, was bent over a desk in his 
study, stark naked, wrists bound to one side, ankles to the 
other, breasts crushed against the hard surface, long hair 
hanging off one side.

     His sister, Diana, twenty-six, was hanging upside-down from 
her ankles in the bathroom, stark naked, hair hanging, breasts 
shaking, fine long legs pulling taut with strain, mouth tightly 
gagged.

     His maid, Sonya, twenty-two, was crawling around the floor, 
stark naked, crying, moaning, gasping, and sucking the cocks of 
all six of the strange men who waited for him, each in his turn.

     "Your maid has a damn good mouth," the first man said.

     "I know," Harry Barrington said. "I've used it many times. 
Sonya knows that if I am to be kept from informing the 
immigration authorities about her, I must be kept happy. I make 
her keep me happy with that mouth. But I have not sampled the 
mouths of myh daughters. Have you?"

     "No," the man said. "As you were not here to watch."

     "You think I do not wish to watch? My dear sir, I will join 
you. Which shall it be first? But I see you have positioned Judy 
ideally for that purpose. Shall we start with her?"

     "If raping your daughters, your wife, your family, will not 
move you," said the man, "We will have to torture them."

     "In that case," Barrington said, "may I suggest starting 
with my sister Diana? For many years I have wished to hear that 
silly bitch howling in agony. But of course my daughter Karen, 
being so young, may produce a wilder variety of sound. And I must 
say I did not realize that Karen had such soft, voluptuous 
thighs. As a candidate for rapine, I would pick her; but then I 
know what my wife is like. And no one is better at cock-sucking. 
I assure you, sir, my wife's mouth is as delicious as a warm 
bath. And if you force her to suck you off just after a hard, 
long session with the whip--"

     "You have such a whip?"

     "But of course."

     "I will use it on your wife as she is now. How it will 
hurt!"

     "With your permission, I will have my daughter Judy employ 
that luscious mouth upon my prick as I watch. As for Emily--"

     "Stop!" the man said. "I cannot elicit information from you 
if you will not cry out against the mass raping of your family."

     "Did you try pissing in Judy's mouth?" Barrington said. 
"What a fabulous toilet she makes!"

     "If I must--"

     "And Diana upside-down! How fascinating! Can you just raise 
her up a bit, enough to allow me to put my cock in her mouth, as 
I snap my fingernails against those fine pink nipples and rejoice 
in her awful cries of agony? But to fuck Karen in the ass--to try 
out Emily's arousingly straining, immobile body--to watch darling 
Betsy swinging from her hair as my cigar tip kisses so painfully, 
so agonizingly, so excitingly, her fantastic bosm, that gag 
giving its own pleasure as she forces muffled sounds through it, 
and you whip that soft frantic body..."
