Archive-name: Family/frankie2.txt
Archive-author: Ribald
Archive-title: My Sister Frankie (Part 2)


                             THE SEDUCTION

"...ot kidding you Cissy. His cock's at least ten inches long and real
thick too. I had trouble getting it in my mouth at first. And when he
came! God, it was like a firehose shooting off down my throat. I
swallowed a bunch, but ended up getting a faceful before he was done."

Frankie paused for a second, then said, "Yeah, it tasted great! Kinda
salty, but sweet too, ya know? It was alot better than Steve's, and
there was alot more of it too!" She stopped to listen again, then said.
"Yeah, I told him that he'd have too fuck you too. But Cissy? I need to
be alone with him for the first time, OK? I mean, this is his first time
and our first time, and I... I want it to be a pleasant memory for
him... for us."

I smile and walked into the room. Frankie was standing next to the bed
in just a pair of tiny blue panties, drying her hair as she talked on
the phone. I walked up behind her, and wrapped my arms around her waist.
I kissed her lightly on the neck, then whispered, "Thank you," in her
ear.

Frankie brought her hand up and patted my cheek. I hugged her again,
pressing my cock into the crack of her ass through her panties. She
purred deep in her throat and pressed her butt back against me, wiggling
it teasingly.

"What Cis? Oh that. Jody was just copping a feel and letting me feel his
cock." she listened for a second then said, "Yeah, I think he can." She
listened again then laughed and said, "OK, we'll be about half an hour,
alright? Good. See ya hon."

She hung up the phone and turned in my arms. She was smiling broadly as
she brought her face to mine and kissed me lightly.

"Well, are you ready to lose your cherry big brother?" she asked,
rubbing her crotch over the huge bulge in my shorts.

I grinned at her and nodded, unable to speak because of the lump in my
throat.

"Good. Now why don't you go hop in the shower so you'll be all squeaky
clean for me. OK?"

I nodded again, then pulled her tighter to me and kissed her hungrily.
We were both out of breath when we parted. "Thanks Frankie." I said
again as I let her go and headed for the shower.

I just barely heard her whisper, "Thank you little brother."

                        * * * * *

It was almost fourty-five minutes later when we pulled up in front of
Cissy's house. Cissy's parents were in Trinidad for three weeks, and she
had the house to herself.

The front door open and she was waiting for us on the porch wearing a
silk dressing gown and high heels.

"Hi Jody," she purred as we walked up. She stepped up and threw her arms
around my neck, pressing her tight little body against me. She drew my
head down and kissed me roughly, then jerked my head back by my hair and
grinned at me. "I hope you're the man your sister says you are," she
said as she took my hand and pulled me into the house. "I hope for your
sake that she's right." As she spoke, she opened her gown and let it
fall to the floor. Underneath, she was wearing a jade green bustier,
garter belt, panties, and lacy black stockings. She looked positively
stunning.

"Cissy..." Frankie began, but I cut her off."Let me handle this
Frankie," I said as I stepped close to Cissy and stood in front of her.
I let her feel my presence as I towered over her. After a moment, she
lowered her eyes and kicked nervously at the carpet with one foot.

"Frankie told you what happened tonight, didn't she Cissy?" I said,
reaching out and putting my hand on her hip.

Cissy nodded, not looking at me.

"And she told you what we want to do. Well, its important to us that we
be alone for awhile, can you understand that?" I moved my hand slowly up
her body as I spoke to her.

She nodded again, but looked up at me this time.

"And you know that when we're finished, you're welcome to join us. Or,"
I said, cupping her breast in my hand and squeezing it lightly, tweaking
the stiff nipple through the shiny material of her bustier. "Or I'll be
happy to live out a fantasy that I've had for years about fucking you,
one that I hope will be a deeply meaningful experience for both of us."
I leaned down and kissed her gently, nibbling on her bottom lip. "So
what do you say?"
--

Cissy laughed and nodded, then hugged me, burying her head in my chest.
"Jody, you seem so different. What happened to you?"
"I don't really know. But I like it, its comfortable." I said. I stepped
back and put my hands on the waistband of my jeans. "Do you still want
to see why Frankie calls me her 'BIG' brother?"

"Hmmmmmm, that's tempting, but I think I'll wait for the formal
introduction." She pulled me down and kissed me lightly. "Go on now,
Frankie's waiting."

I kissed her back and turned to go, but she stopped me at the door.

"Hey Jody." she whispered.

"Yeah?"

"Save some for me, OK?"

"Absolutely. But you have to promise to wear that outfit."

"You got it. Now get out of here......"

I walked back into the livingroom, taking Frankie by the hand as I went
by. We went up the stairs and Frankie led me to Cissy's parents room.

My newfound self-confidence faded as we entered the room, and I  could
sense that Frankie was having similar feelings. Neither of us knew
exactly what to do first. We stood there looking at each other, not
saying anything.

I could see the fear in Frankie's eyes, so I held out my hand to her.
She smiled as she took it in hers. The ice was broken.

"You've seen mine," I said, letting my eyes wander over her shapely
body. "How 'bout showing me yours?"

She just smiled and stepped back, her hands going to the top button of
her blouse. She slipped the button loose slowly, then moved to the next,
and the next, until she'd unbuttoned them all.

She let the blouse hang open with just the full inner swell of her
breasts showing, then opened the snap of her jeans and worked them down
over her hips. She stepped out of them easily and stood there letting me
look at her.

After a moment, she stepped over to me and began to pull my T-shirt out
of my pants. "It's not fair for me to be half naked and have you
standing there with all those clothes on."

"You're right." I said, and kicked off my shoes, then unzipped my pants
and pushed them down and stepped out of them as she pulled my T-shirt
over my head. "How's that?" I asked, standing in front of her in just my
underwear.

"Wonderful. but tell me something, are you as scared as I am right now?"

"Yes. But I'm happy too." I reached out and grabbed her hand. "Come on,"
I said. "Let's take a shower. That should relax us, and we can go on
from there."

"Good idea," she said as she led me into the bathroom.

She turned on the shower and slipped off her blouse, then pushed her
panties down over her hips and let them fall to her feet. She turned and
looked at me. "Like what you see?"

"I love it."

"Well don't just stand there! Get those shorts off and get over here!"
she laughed and stepped into the shower.

I pushed my shorts off eagerly and stepped into the stall and my sisters
open arms. We held each other, squirming and rubbing our bodies together
as the warm water sprayed over us.

Frankie giggled suddenly and grinned up at me. "Ever play human
washcloth Jody?" she asked.

"No, but it sounds like fun."

"It is. Get under the spray and get wet while I find the soap."

I stepped under the showerhead and let the water run all over me. When I
turned around, Frankie motioned me aside and wet herself down quickly,
then pushed the nozzle to the side so it was spraying the wall. She had
a bar of soap and a washcloth in her hand and was grinning at me.

"Get over here big brother, and let me soap you up."

I stepped closer, and she began to massage my chest with the soft cloth.
She worked her way down over my stomach, over my hips, then my legs. She
made a point of saving my cock till last, but just stroked it lightly
for a few seconds, getting it soapy, then stood up and handed me the
washcloth.

"Your turn." she said. and stuck out her chest, her big titties riding
---

I stroked back and forth through the hot, slippery flesh of her
asscrack, groaning at the delightful sensations. I knew that if I kept
it up much longer I wouldn't be able to hold back from cumming.

"I can't take much more of this," I panted in her ear.

"I know," she said as she pulled away and turned around. "Your cock is
throbbing like crazy, and it feels wild! But I've got one more thing I
want to try before we stop. OK?"

"Yeah, but do it quick." I grinned, then kissed her roughly.

She kissed me back, stabbing her tongue into my mouth for a second and
dueling with mine teasingly. She pulled back and slid down my body,
dragging her tits over my chest and stomach until she was kneeling in
front of me, with my cock nestled between her big fluffy tits.

She brought her hands up and pressed her tits together, trapping my cock
in the deep cleavage between them. She looked up at me, a look of
intense concentration on her face. "Promise me you won't cum. Promise
that you'll save it for me. Please?"

"I... I promise." I managed to stutter, but I had to hold onto the wall
to steady myself. I'd never felt anything like this before in my life.
Every time she moved her titties up and down a shudder flashed over my
body. I couldn't take much more of this. I reached down and put my hands
over hers and started pumping my cock in and out slowly.

"Oh god... Oh Frankie, th... That's so... so good," I groaned as I
picked up my pace.

"Don't cum Jody. Hold it back, make it last baby!" She was staring at my
cock as it bulled its way between her tits, the head poking out on the
upstroke. Frankie dropped her head and opened her mouth, letting my
cockhead slip into her mouth as it drove between her tits.

"Yuck! Pfffft, pfffft," she spat over and over again as she jerked her
head back, and as she did, she lost her balance and fell to the floor.

"FRANKIE!!! Frankie are you ok?" I dropped to my knees and looked at
her, terrified that she was hurt.

"I'm ok, I just lost my balance." She spat again, then grinned at me.
"God, that soap tastes like shit!"

I helped her to her feet and moved the shower nozzle so it sprayed over
her. I rubbed and stroked her gently, getting all the soap off her body.
She turned us around and rinsed me quickly, then shut off the water and
got out of the stall. I followed her, and we dried each other as we
stood in the damp heat of the bathroom.

We went back into the bedroom and flopped on the big bed. I had touched
Frankie's body in the shower, but I was drawn to her as she lay there,
sprawled across the quilt, her arms back behind her head, forcing her
titties to stand up firm and round. Her tummy was softly rounded and her
legs were long and sleek with muscle. My eyes finally came to the furry
vee of her crotch, and I moved closer, not stopping until my face was
inches from the bright pink lips of her pussy.

Frankie dropped her hand down and ran it through the tight curls of her
pubes, then dipped her fingers lower and ran them over her pussy mound.
She spread the puffy lips with her fingers and smiled at me.

"Do you like my pussy Jody?" she asked as she stroked her clit with the
tip of her finger, moaning lightly.

"Yes," I said quietly, inching closer. I inhaled deeply and felt my cock
throb as the spicy aroma of her sex burned through my nose. I felt my
mouth watering as I stared at her finger slipping in and out of the
slick wet trough between her pussylips. "Can I kiss it?" I asked, my
eyes never leaving her pussy.

She opened her legs wider and scooted down toward me, lifting her hips
toward my face. Her pussy was spread wide open for me, and I leaned in,
my face less than an inch from the slick pink flesh. "What do I do?" I
asked breathlessly.

"Kiss me there," she said, moving her finger to the top of her slit and
rubbed gently. "Kiss it there, then lick it with your tongue."

I swallowed nervously, then pressed my lips to the little bump she was
pointing at, then I stuck out my tongue and licked it lightly. "How's
that?" I asked, looking up at her.

"Mmmmmmmm, nice. But you can lick it harder, it won't hurt me."

"Ok," I muttered and pressed my tongue back into her slit and licked at
the little button. I lashed my tongue all over and around the little
button, and as I did, it started to get hard and grow under my tongue. I
started licking faster, and as I did, I began to notice the rich, spicy
flavor of her cunt. I liked the taste, and started sucking harder,
trapping the stiff nubbin of her clit between my lips and chewing on it.

Frankie groaned and started humping her hips up at my face. I felt her
hands settle on the back of my head, guiding me, letting me know what
she wanted.
---

"Oh God Jody, I need your cock so bad baby! Please! Fuck me. Fuck me
hard!!!" she panted as she grasped my cock and drew it toward her cunt.

"Uh... Frankie. I um... don't uh... I don't know what to do." I pushed
forward with my hips and felt my cock brush against her leg. Please
Frankie! Help me!"

"Ooooohhhh, I'm sorry Jody! You ate my pussy so good baby, I forgot that
you've never done this before. Here," she said as she guided the head of
my cock to the hot pink gash of her pussy and rubbed it up and down,
teasing me and getting it wet with her juices. Then she pushed it down
and fitted the tip into her tiny opening, pulling me forward gently.
"Let me get you started. Ummmmmmmmm, that's it," she moaned as the fat,
flairing head of my cock slipped into her tight cunt. "Now just push it
in and out real slow, a little at a time, but push a little harder each
time. Got it?"

"Y... Yes." I stuttered, my legs trembling as the hot, wet flesh of her
pussy engulfed the head of my cock. I started pushing in and out slowly,
feeling more of my cock bury itself in the delicious depths of her
pussy. It felt like I had dipped my cock into a vise coated with molten
honey. But it was awkward. I was in heaven from the sensations, but
uncomfortable from the position.

Frankie must have sensed my dilemma, because she pulled me down on top
of her. "Relax Jody," she whispered in my ear. "Let your weight rest on
your knees and elbows, and just move your hips a little. Yeah, that it,"
she moaned as I settled down on top of her and began to rock back and
forth on my knees. "Now do it a little faster."

I started fucking into her faster, going deeper on every stroke. I was
surprised when I felt my pubes brushing against her wiry little bush. I
pulled back and fucked her harder, slamming my hips down to drive my
cock into her to the root, over and over, reveling in the unreal
sensations that surged over me.

"Yeah, that's it baby, you've got it now." she panted in my ear as I
fucked into her frantically. "Keep doing it like that, Ohhhhhhh, GOD
YESSSSSSSSS!!! Keep fucking me like that Jody! It's wonderful. Your cock
feels so good in my pussy baby, SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOODDDDD!!!"

I was drilling my cock in and out furiously, panting harshly in her
face, trying to hold back from cumming. My cock was twitching and
spasming wildly, and I knew that my orgasm was only seconds away.

"I... I'm gonna cum Frankie! I c... can't... can't hol... OH FUCK
FRANKIEEEEEE!!!" I screamed as the first hot streams of cum burned up
through my cock and spat from the head of my cock and soaked the already
sopping flesh of her cunt. I plunged my cock in and out harder and
faster, spraying my jism in her cunt on every stroke, grunting and
groaning as I suffered through the most exquisite orgasm of my life.

"YEAH! DO IT JODY! CUM! CUM IN MY PUSSY BABY! OOOOHHHHHH GOD!! DO IT!!!"
she cried, as she wrapped her arms and legs tightly around me and hugged
me to her, trapping me in her embrace.

My cock was buried to the root in her pussy as it spat out the last few
drops of my creamy cum. I ground my cock into her roughly as she writhed
beneath me, until I finally had to stop. I collapsed on top of her,
sweat pouring from my body, and lay gasping for breath.

Frankie held me and rocked back and forth under me, her pussy tightened
spastically around my cock as she kissed me and she whimpered happily in
my ear a few minutes, she relaxed under me, smiling dreamily.

"Not bad for your first time little brother." she grinned.

"Was I... did you uh... I mea..."

"Mmmmmmmm, isn't that sweet?" she laughed, hugging me and licking my
ear, digging her tongue in deep, and sweeping it around. "It doesn't
matter right now baby." She tightened her cunt muscles around my cock
and wiggled her hips, making my cock slip in and out slowly. "It seems
to me that we're not done yet."

Rocking to the side suddenly, she rolled us over so she was on top of
me. She got her knees under her and settled down over me, my cock still
buried to the root inside her. Her titties hung down in my face, so I
leaned up and licked at her nipples, sucking one, then the other into my
mouth.

"Mmmmmmmmm, that's nice," Frankie moaned, lifting her hips and making my
cock slide out to till just the head was left inside her, then dropped
down, taking me in to the balls. She picked up her pace, fucking her
tight pussy up and down over my cock eagerly.

I moved my hands down to her hips and started humping up to meet her
strokes.

"Don't," she said as she leaned down over me and began grinding her hips
in slow circles, making my cock slide in and out of her pussy slowly.
"It feels so good when I do it like this. Just lay back and let me ride
your big cock for a little while."

That was fine with me. I relaxed and put my hands behind my head and
closed my eyes, letting her do whatever the hell she wanted. I mean, I
---

Finally, she relaxed and lay still on top of me, but an occasional spasm
would make her jerk and moan softly. I tried to lay still beneath her,
and after a few minutes, her breathing returned to normal, then passed
into the soft rhythm of sleep.
I just laid there and held her for the longest time, but finally, I had
to ease her off of me. My cock made a loud slurping noise as it withdrew
from her incredibly tight pussy, and Frankie moaned as the head came
free and poked against her thigh.

I tried to be quiet as I slid off the bed and moved toward the door, but
she must have heard me. She rolled over and hugged one of the big
pillows, her legs spread wide and bent at the knee, giving me a
fantastic view of her ass and freshly fucked little pussy.

"Mmmmmmm....Jody?" she purred as she snuggled closer to the fluffy
pillow.

"Yeah Frankie?"

"That was wonderful." She opened one eye and smiled dreamily. "Wanna do
it again?"

I laughed as I turned out the light and opened the door. "No big sister,
I need to rest. But there's always tomorrow."

I closed the door softly behind me and started down the stairs. I didn't
know if I was up to what was ahead of me.


========================================================================


Hope you like Part 2. Part 3--Cissy Gets Her Licks In--is in progress,
and should be ready soon. In the meantime, feel free to add your
suggestions or ideas for a direction.

                                        RIBALD
---
