Copyright © 1997,  DoctorP.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.






FRANCIS   -- Part 2  -- A love story by DoctorP

We came back together under the comforter. She drew tight to me,
then once again, slipped on top of me. Her skin was hot and silky
soft. I don't think I breathed as she adjusted herself. Her legs
straddled me, her vulva pressed against the shaft of my penis. How
wonderful it felt. Slowly, my hands began to caress her back and
explore the softness of her buttocks. She wrapped herself tight
around me. Every part of our bodies were pressed together. She lay
totally still. I stopped my caress with one hand in the middle of
her back and the other cupping her butt. Softly, she whispered, "I
love you, Billy. I love you. I love you. I love you."

"And, I love you too, Sweet Francie, with all my heart."

"I never want to be away from you, even for a second."

That broke my heart, and I began crying again. Any minute now, she
was going to have to leave. And who knew when we would be together
again? She started to sob. And I knew that I had to send her away
right then or we would never make it before her Mother arrived.

"I'll be back again, Francie. Don't cry. But, you must go now or
we'll never be able to love each other again."
 
She sobbed, and I pled with her to go. At last she stopped and sat
up. I couldn't help it. I leaned over and sucked her left breast
into my mouth. I wished I could suck it forever.

"OK, I'll go", she said, "but you had better be back tomorrow." 

"Just as soon as I can."

She grabbed her clothes, held them to her stomach and started out
the door. Suddenly playful she flung the door open, turned her back
to me and wiggled her butt. I ran to the door to watch her go down
the stairs. At the bottom she turned and blew me a kiss. I returned
it.

Then with a flourish well beyond her years, she dropped her clothes,
faced me and spread her arms wide. I was enthralled by the sight.
Then she leaned over, grabbed her clothes and fled down the hallway.
Only then did I realize how I looked, standing in the doorway naked
with my penis jutting out.

Closing the door, I went back to my bed. I was exhausted. My
testicles ached. We used to call it "blue balls." I went into the
bathroom and stood in front of the mirror. I just had to masturbate.
I watched myself stroke, but soon I was seeing Francie as she had
been in the hallway blowing me a kiss. Her beautiful smile, her twin
pink-tipped nipples, her beginning hour glass figure were burned
into my brain. Her legs were strong and firm and the light copper
covering on her mound faded to nearly hairless on her vulva. I began
to imagine my fingers slipping between those lips and my penis
exploded on the mirror. Again and again I came. Oh, Francie! 

I didn't come back on the next day, or the next or the next. The
Army had to come first no matter what I wanted. Over a week later,
they gave me Sunday afternoon off. I raced to Francie.
Unfortunately, it was to no avail. Her mother was there. Francis
just said, "Hi" and walked away when I saw her. I responded and went
up to my room. Then the worry started. Was she so cool because she
had changed or was she just being smart and keeping her Mother from
suspecting? Was it all over? I ached from head to toe.

With heavy heart I lay on the bed and tried to read a book. Hours
passed like centuries. Finally night came and I fell asleep. Dreams
and nightmares filled my mind. Midnight came, then one o'clock, then
two. I slept again. I woke with a start. A soft hand was touching my
arm. Ten thousand pounds left my chest as I realized that Francie
was there. She crawled into bed beside me and we kissed with more
passion than I ever thought existed.

As she crawled on top of me, my hand slipped up under her nightgown
and caressed her from calf to shoulders. She wore no panties or bra.
There was just tender girl under that nightgown. 

"I've missed you so much," she said. "I couldn't stand it when you came
in and we only said, 'Hello.'"

"Oh, Francie, I was afraid you didn't care any more."

"No, I will never, ever, ever stop loving you."

I wanted her so much then. But it was impossible to do more. What if her
mother heard us? We had to stop right away. It was OK though. I knew she
still loved me. She was wise too. So, after several more kisses she
slipped from the bed to go. My hands were still under her nightgown and
as she stood up, I pulled her gown up so that I could kiss her nipples.
She sighed with pleasure as my mouth completely enveloped her left
breast. With my left hand I popped her right nipple. She giggled. And
moved to switch breasts in my mouth. "This is the best way to say
goodnight," she whispered. I agreed.

No baby slept more peacefully than I the rest of that night. 

Unfortunately, the Army was still there. Another week passed and it
was Sunday again. At noon I was free to go back to Francie. Another
"Hi" repeat of the week before. But, I was not worried. Francie was
just being mature. Up in my room, I was soon sound asleep. It seemed
like only an instant that I was jolted awake. The door to the room
opened and Francie entered. "What are you doing here?," I whispered.

"You don't have to whisper," she said, "Mommy has gone to visit Aunt
June and won't be back until eight. I told her I had homework to do
and needed to stay."

I shivered with excitement. What a beautiful day. Sunlight streamed
through the high window on my room. Francie stood before me in a
cotton dress and bobby socks. 

"I just want to look at you", I said. I put her at arms length as I sat
up on the bed and looked into her eyes. The sunlight lit up her hair and
face. Beautiful couldn't half describe her. "I just want to look at
you," I repeated.

Misunderstanding me, she giggled, "OK" and crossing her arms in
front of her she grasped her dress and pulled it over her head. I
couldn't believe it but I wouldn't have stopped it for anything. She
had worn no bra and her tiny breasts hardly jiggled as her dress was
discarded. 

She stood with arms overhead as my eyes feasted on the sweetest
little titties in the world. I have wondered since on her innate
sense of the erotic for she slowly twirled around for me then
directly facing me she slowly pulled off her panties. Her pubic hair
was exactly the same red as her head. Only, there was much, much
less of it. Only now could I see how nearly hairless she was. Little
curly wisps decorated her mound but her lips had almost no covering.
Just little copper flecks decorated her vulva. After my eyes had
memorized every square inch of her body she sat back on the bed and
said, "Now it's your turn to undress." 

I stood up and began. My eyes never left body. As my shirt went off
and as I was unzipping my trousers, she reached down to remove her
socks. This caused her knees to open and for the first time in my
life I saw the pink flesh inside a girl's pussy. It was shining with
moisture.

I turned away as I drew down my underwear. "No," she said, "I want
to see you too." I turned back and my penis jumped with each beat of
my heart.

"Can I touch it?"

"Sure"

Now it was her turn to explore. She was just as eager as I had been.
The questions came non-stop. "Is it always this hard" "Can you make
it big whenever you want to?" "How come the end is purple?" "Where
does the pee come out?" "How much goes into a girl?" "Does it hurt?"
She was especially curious about my testicles. I told her it was OK
to feel them and explore. Soon she was cupping and gently squeezing.
I taught her to stroke my penis and we discussed the fluid that was
seeping out the end. 

"Does it taste bad?" 

I told her that I had tasted it and it tasted sexy. She giggled,
leaned over, and kissed the end of my penis. My whole body jumped
when she did that.

"Did I hurt you?" she asked in alarm.

"No, it just felt so good that I jumped"

"OK" And she leaned over and kissed me again. Involuntarily, I made
a little forward thrust. Instantly, she picked up on my motion and
sucked the whole head into her mouth. I was in shock. Here I was
standing beside a bed in broad daylight getting sucked by the most
beautiful twelve year old girl in the world.

Almost immediately, I felt an orgasm building and I pulled out with
a jerk. She looked up at me with "why" written in her eyes. I lay
down with her, pulled her over on top of me and began to explain a
man's orgasm. I told her how after a while when it felt really good,
that semen would shoot out. She wanted to know how it was different
than what she already had seen. She was satisfied when I told her
that I would show her later. "Now," I said, "I want to see and touch
you all over. I've never touched a girl between her legs and I've
never seen any girl there except you. I want to see more."

It was as if I'd pressed the erotic switch in her body. She
shuddered and rubbed her mound against me. Then, staying straddled,
she brought herself up my chest until her mound was almost in my
face. My hands caressed her bottom as she brought herself up. My
hands could not touch her in front. Then with incredible audacity,
she brought both hands down between her legs and spread her lips
apart. For the first time in my life, I really saw a girl's pussy.
She was slick with lubrication. The little pink tip of her clitoris
stuck out from beneath her hood. 

If my hands could not touch her, my mouth could. I raised my head
and drew her to me with my hands. For the first time in my life, I
smelled sex. She was deliciously wet. My lips went to the center of
her vulva and I felt her warm wetness on my face. Instinctively, my
tongue licked from bottom to top. When I reached her clit, she
jumped and then pressed down on me. I think she went through a
mini-orgasm for she shuddered, pulled back and then reached back to
pull my head tighter to her.

When finally, I withdrew she sighed, "That felt so good." We kissed
and I though about how the taste of her pussy was in my mouth and
the taste of my cock was in hers. We shared the taste.

It was a little cool in the room so I pulled her to the center of
the bed and covered us both. I lay down beside her, began to suck
her earlobe and renewed my exploration of her body, breast to tummy
to mound. Her mound hair felt soft with tiny curls. I moved my hand
down over her mound. She opened her legs.

"Yes," she sighed.

It was play time again. I pinched her outer lips together. Then I
found her clitoris and pinched it between her puffy lips. I
separated her lips and explored between them. Her lubrication
flowed. Now she was not only wet between her lips but she was wet
over and around and under them. Everywhere I touched was wet. At
last my finger came to her opening. I slipped just the tip inside.
Immediately she began the timeless rhythm of sex. It was as if she
had been having intercourse for years. I began little in and out
motions with my finger. She matched each stroke with one of her own.
She was enjoying it as much as I. My thumb went up to her clit and
began to slide from side to side.

"Oh my goodness", she said, "Oh my goodness, oh my goodness".
 
Over and over she repeated it like a mantra. Each stroke across her
clitoris brought another "Oh my goodness." Only a matter of thirty
seconds or a minute passed before her orgasm began. Like a little
earthquake from deep inside it spread in ripples through her whole
body. I could feel it on my thumb, I could feel it on my inserted
finger, I could feel it against my whole body which rested against
her. When she stopped, she lay quiet for the longest time. "What was
that?," she finally asked. Now it was time for me to explain a
girl's orgasm. 

We lay on our backs. She listened to my explanation. I told her that
if she rubbed herself it would feel the same and she could have
orgasms like that whenever she wanted. "I'm going to do it every
night," she said. It will be like you being here with me. I told her
that I would do the same. Like conspirators, we decided that we
would set our clocks so that we could wake up and both have orgasms
right at midnight.

Suddenly, she remembered my promise to show her my orgasm and she
reached over and grasped my erection. "Show me your semen squirting
out," she pleaded.

I was very ready to oblige. Kneeling between her legs, I stared at
her eyes. Her legs were spread. Her vulva was swollen open. Her
inner lips were spread like a flower and her still erect clitoris
raised it's hooded covering up into view. My erection was at it's
peak and I began long steady strokes. She watched as my pre-cum
bubbled out the head. I told her to rub herself like we had talked
about. She reached down between her legs and experimented with first
one finger then two. Finally she settled for one finger alternately
going up and down and back and forth. My orgasm began to build.

Watching me intently she asked "Will it still squirt out if I rub
it?"

"Sure"

"Then come closer."

I did and she reached up to grasp me. One hand stroked me, the other
stroked her own clitoris. She was inexperienced and slightly clumsy, but
who cared. Just looking at that little pixie figure, those perfect pink
nipples which made up the greatest part of her tiny cones, the slippery
wetness that shone between her thighs was enough. Imagining any one of
these views alone would have brought me over the top. Seeing them
altogether was overwhelming. It couldn't have been more than fifteen
strokes before I knew the end was near. "Point it between your legs," I
said. She obliged and I began to spasm. Her aim was perfect and the
first gush covered her finger, the second splattered on her mound. She
didn't miss a stroke as she pulled my ejaculate from her mons down to
her clitoris. I squirted again and again. Then, as if we had been
practicing our timing forever, she stretched her legs out straight. "Oh
my goodness," she gasped and her second orgasm took over.

Once again we lay silent. Then looking at each other, we simultaneously
said, "I love you." We both laughed. I raised up on one elbow and looked
at her. She was a woman satisfied. I got on my hands and knees. I kissed
her forehead, her eyes, her mouth, her neck, then each little breast.
Her nipples erected in my mouth. I suckled them endlessly, then broke
away and continued down her tummy, bypassed her mound and down one leg.
She giggled as I washed both of her feet with my tongue. Finally, I
began the upward climb. I began to kiss and lick her inner thighs, first
one then the other. She spread her legs for me. Who could resist a
beautiful young girl offering her inner self? Who would want to? I
washed her pussy with my tongue. The smell of my semen was strong on
her. 

>From far away I heard her talking to me. "Come up and kiss my
mouth." I did and she washed my mouth and lips with her tongue. Now
even more we shared our sex juices. For ten minutes I went back and
forth from pussy to mouth until we were both completely clean and
only her unending wetness remained. At the end, I buried my nose
deep in her, then moved it up to rub back and forth on her still
erect clitoris. She drew me up to her mouth and cleaned my face as
if I were a kitten. Heaven was in Francie.

Fortunately, her hearing was keener than mine for she suddenly
stiffened. "Mommy is coming in the house," she whispered. In an
instant, she gathered her dress and like lightening tiptoed down the
stairs. By the time the front door closed, she was in her room and I
was left with her memory. I got up and locked the door to my room.
As I got back in bed a pleasant sight shocked my eyes. Her panties
were on the floor. I was so glad. I laid back on the bed, put my
nose in the crotch and breathed in her smell. My second orgasm soon
followed.

FRANCIS -- End of part 2.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....