Copyright © 1997,  DoctorP.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.







FRANCIS   -- Part 3  -- A love story by DoctorP.

I was back again on the first Monday of December.  It was a sunny
day and I had gotten the afternoon off.  I was there before Francis
came home from school though her mother had already left for work.
When she saw me, the most angelic smile came over her face.  It was
as if her whole body lit up.  She ran to me, pulled me down to her
and covered my face with kisses.  I ended up lying on my back in her
front room reveling in her frantic hugs and kisses.  My hands
reached under her school uniform skirt and stroked her inner thigh.
She raised up to remove her panties.  Pushing her hand back, I said
"No, not now," I said, "I want to undress you myself."

"Yes," she said, "and I can undress you." She definitely had a
build-in sense of the erotic. She went back to my mouth and inserted
the tip of her tongue. Delicately, she probed, then withdrew and
probed again. Over and over her little tongue stroked into me. If a
mouth could have an orgasm, mine would have gushed gallons. She
stopped and began to talk.

"I rubbed myself at midnight every night and thought of you."

"So, did I," I confided.

"I really, really, really, loved the things we did.  Especially when
you licked my pee and then kissed my mouth.  That was the most fun."

Right then I knew that she had some terminology to learn. So, we began
to talk about our bodies. She wanted to know every term for everything.
We talked about breasts and nipples and titties and knockers and penises
and cocks and pussies and vulvas and vaginas and cunts and cherries. I
don't think any of the four-letter words were new to her but some of the
medical terms were. 

She looked into my eyes, pressed her mound against me and asked,
"Are we going to fuck?"

"Oh Francie, I want to more than anything.  But you are only twelve
years old.  You remember how we talked about a girl's hymen getting
broken.  It hurts her the first time and it makes her pussy bleed a
little bit.  I don't want to hurt you.  Maybe we should wait."

"OK," she said somewhat hesitantly.  "But, I think twelve is old
enough.  If girls used to get married when they were twelve they
must have had their cherries popped.  And if it only hurts the
first time that wouldn't be so bad."

Her logic was good, but I was scared.  "Let's think about it", I
said.  In the meantime we are having fun and I know we can have a
lot more.  Is that OK?"

She replied with her new vocabulary.  "Are you going to eat my pussy
tonight?"

"You bet I am," I said, reaching up and tickling her.  "But first, I
have to see it.  So let's get some clothes off you.

The setting sun was streaming a single beam through a side living
room window.  I pulled a low coffee table over to the beam.  She
knew what I had in mind and stepped up on it.  Facing the window,
the sunlight made a red spotlight on her.  I playfully pinched her
nipples then unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it off.  Reaching
behind, I removed her bra.  Once again, I very gently pinched her
nipples and stroked both breasts.

"I love your titties.  I love their curves.  I love the little cones
they make especially when you are on top of me.  They are so nice to
suck.  Some day they will be big and your babies will suck them for
hours and hours."

"Our babies," she said.  I didn't contradict her.

I unbuckled the belt of her skirt and let it fall to the table.  She
stepped out of it and stood in panties, socks and shoes.  I made her
raise each leg and removed the socks and shoes.  Now it was just
Francie in panties.  I placed my hand on the crotch of her panties
and squeezed.

"You are wet."

"I know!  My panties have been sticky every day since I met you.
Every time I go to the bathroom I have to wipe out the inside of my
panties and wipe off my pee--my pussy.  I just want to rub myself
every time I am alone."

"I know, my little darling.  Now let's get these panties off you so
that I can eat your pussy."  I pushed my face into her crotch.  She
placed her hand behind her head and pulled me to her.  I loved the
smell of her sex.  Slowly, I pulled her panties down.  Stepping
back, I watched her step out of them as daintily as any ballet
dancer.  The sun made each hair on her mound glisten.   No one could
have staged an erotic tableau any better than this.  She closed her
eyes and drew one hand up to her breast.  This time she pinched the
nipple herself.  I knew she had been experimenting.  Presently she
said, "I feel like rubbing myself"

"Do it," I said, "Do it, I'll do myself too."  

She reached down to her mound with her right hand, and I drew out my
erection. She looked directly at my pumping as her hand began to
stroke. Now I was certain she had been doing a lot of experimenting.
Her left hand alternated stroking and rubbing of her nipples, her
right hand stroked her clitoris but every once and a while dipped
down between her lips and drew up more wetness. I was amazed at how
quick the "Oh my goodness" began. Her knees started to dip and I was
afraid she would fall off the table. I stepped to her and caught her
just as her last "Oh my goodness" ended and her shuddering began.
What a delightful feeling to hold an erotic pixie during her orgasm.
I put my hand between her legs. Every place was slippery. It felt as
if steam was coming up. Truly, happiness is a wet pussy.

When she had recovered, she said "I am hungry let's get something to
eat."  We straightened up the living room and went into the kitchen.
I fixed a can of Chef Boyardee Spaghetti for us which we ate like it
was the most delicious meal in the world.  She stayed naked while we
ate.  I pulled her chair next to mine on the same side of the table
so that my hands could go up her thighs.  She kept her legs spread
wide.  I left my cock out too, though it really wasn't that hard
any more.  As we were finishing, I slid my finger into the base of
her vulva until it slightly entered her vagina.  Then sliding it up
the slit to get as wet as possible I brought it up to my mouth and
sucked it.  

She giggled. 

"I'm just getting a little taste of my desert," I told her, "You
still want me to eat your pussy don't you?" 

"Yeesss," she almost shouted.  That was good enough for me.

"Then let's get going."

She stood at the sink and washed the dishes.  Her naked little butt
aroused me so much that I sat down by the table and started
masturbating again.  We had no embarrassment between us.  She looked
back with laughing eyes and said, "I am going to suck you tonight,
you know."

"Great, but what are you going to suck?" I joked.

"Your cock."

"Then you will be the prettiest, sexiest, loveliest cock sucker in the
entire world."

"And you will be the handsomest most charming most sexy pussy eater
in the world."

We were very much in love.

I came up behind her.  My hands found her breasts.  My erection
pressed against her back.  She raised her head for a long wet kiss.
Tears came to my eyes as I imagined us doing that every night of our
lives.

"I love you so much, Billy," she whispered, "more than all the
oceans, and all the mountains in the world."

I began to cry.  Finishing the dishes, she wiped her hands on the
towel, turned and said, "Now, no crying.  This is fun time.  I'll
race you upstairs."  She grabbed her clothes and raced out of the
room with me right behind her.  She took the stairs two at a time
and I didn't catch her until we were in my room.  We laughed and
giggled as I wrestled her down on the bed.  She was face down with
me on top of her.  I pulled off of her and she came up to her hands
and knees.  As I stood up, it was clear that we were in perfect
doggy style position.  My cock realized it too and came to full
attention.  I slipped it down between her legs.  My fucking motions
were automatic.  She reached down and pressed the shaft up to her
vulva.  It slipped back and forth so easily in her lubrication.

"This is like a hot dog on a bun," she laughed, "except the hot
dog is bigger than the bun."  After about a million strokes, I
pulled back a little.  She pushed the head up.  I knew it was right
at the entrance to her vagina.  One push and I could be buried in
her.  The temptation was almost impossible to resist.  I made a tiny
thrust and the heat of entering her almost made be cum instantly.
"None of that" I thought and withdrew.  She looked at me with her
"why" look and I said, "Not yet sweetheart.  Now is the time for me
to eat you for desert."  

She giggled.  "You need to get undressed first."

I stood and unbuckled my belt. "No," she said, "I get to do that."
She unbuttoned and took off my shirt. Leaning over she kissed my
nipples. I was amazed as they crinkled up as much as hers. I kicked
off my shoes and socks. She pulled down my trousers and my erection
popped up out of my shorts. "I think I am going to suck you first,"
she told me. She sat back on the edge and pulled me by the hand to
her. My cock was just at the right height for her. Taking the shaft
in her hand she pulled the skin back and then sucked the whole head
into her mouth. It was heaven. I was right on the edge of cumming
again. 

"Wait," I said, "go slow or I will have an orgasm this instant." 

She sucked the head back in again, this time a little softer. The
need to cum subsided and she began to suck and stroke me. She paused
and looking up at me asked, "Can you make just a little come out at
a time instead of a whole squirt?"

I laughed, "Maybe if we go real slow."

She sucked more slowly. Just at the moment of orgasm I told her to
stop. A little bubble of white cum bubbled out. She stroked the
shaft and pulled up more. Then leaning down, with one swipe of her
tongue, she licked the head clean. 

"Now kiss my mouth. My teacher told me that I should share," she
said with a giggle. 

I did and our tongues swirled my semen between them. We didn't
really need to swallow. It just kind of disappeared in our mouths.
"I want to do that again," she said. Thus began our hour of semen
sharing. She would bring me just up to orgasm, milk as much as she
could out of the shaft and share it with me. Again and again she
sucked me to mini-orgasms. 

Finally I could stand it no more. "I need to cum all the way," I
told her.

"And, I want to suck it out of you" she said. She put her head down
and as if she had been doing it for years brought me to a crashing
orgasm. I don't suppose much semen was ejected after our past hour.
And I won't know because as she looked up into my eyes I could see
her throat muscles move with swallowing.  How I loved my little
Pixie.

We lay back on the bed.  I needed to recover.  Her hand still
grasped my now softened penis.  

At last I said, "that was good, very, very good."

"I know.  It was fun.  It made my pussy so wet, see."  She drew my
hand down to demonstrate.  She was right.

"That is just the way I like it," I told her.  "Now come here."  I
slipped to my knees beside the bed and pulled her to me so that her
legs were over my shoulders.  I ran my hands up her chest to her
little jutting titties and buried my face in her pussy.  She let out
a deep sigh and spread her legs even wider.  I washed my face with
her juice.  Everywhere from my chin to my eyes was covered.  I
buried my nose as deep as I could into her vagina and began a little
face fuck.  She gasped and pushed up to me.  Finally, I brought my
tongue up to her and clitoris and began stroking it.  She seemed to
just relax and sink into the bed.  I kept my stroking steady and even
and light.  Soon she began to raise her hips to me and I licked a
little more firmly.  The inevitable "Oh my goodness" began.  I loved
the sound of that.  Her orgasm began.  I think she accidently let a
little urine out, because I tasted it.  That was no problem to me.
I didn't mind the taste.  I kept my mouth on her and made one last
bottom to top swipe. 

She pulled on my arms to bring me up. Once again we lay side by
side. She washed my face with her tongue and I was hard again.
Relaxing, we began to talk. We talked about every sexual thing that we
could think of. She wanted to know how bad it would hurt if I put my
cock in her. I told her that I did not know. But every grown woman
had had it and didn't seem to complain that much.  

"Your cock is so big. What if we started with something smaller and
stretched it out slowly?" I didn't know. I knew the hymen had to be
split and I didn't know if slow was better or fast. I placed my hand
back on her mound. It was still hot. Her knees opened. Placing the
center finger of my right hand at the opening of her vagina I began
to stroke it in. At first it was easy. She was still fully
lubricated. As it went in further, I was in awe at how tight and
slippery it was at the same time. There is no way my cock will fit
in here, I thought. 

"Put two fingers in."

"Do you really want that?"

"Ya, it feels good when you stretch it."

I wiggled my finger back and forth then began to stroke the second
in.  She pushed her mound up against me.  I pushed harder and deeper.

"Ow, that hurt."

"I'm sorry," I said as I withdrew my fingers, "I'm so sorry, I
didn't mean to hurt you." I felt really bad.

"Oh silly, it's not that bad.  We just pushed a little hard.  Do it
again."

Then I looked at my fingers.  They were covered with blood.  A
little bright red streak was on the bottom of her pussy.  We had
broken her cherry.  I told her so.

"Is that all there is to it?  That hardly hurt at all.  Put your
fingers back in."  I did.  I finger fucked her as deep as I could.
I even got three fingers in.  After a little bit there was hardly a
trace of blood on them.  "Can we fuck now?" she asked.  How could I
refuse?

I wanted to see every bit of our first intercourse. I turned on all
the lights in the room. What a beautiful sight. The bed was messed
up almost beyond repair. A beautiful red-headed nymph lay face-up
spread-eagled on top. Her smile promised every delight that ever
entered my mind. I came over on top of her. She drew her knees up
high so that her pussy was raised. Grasping my shaft she put the
head right at the mouth of her vagina. I pushed and the head
disappeared. I pulled back and it came into view shiny and wet.
Again I entered her. Then with one stroke I was completely buried.
She gasped.

"Am I hurting you?"

"No, it's just so different.  Don't stop."

I didn't stop.  Fucking her was the greatest thing that had ever
happened to me.  Not only was the feeling out of this world but the
sight was unbelievable.  Her almost hairless lips were stretched
wide and each time I stroked past the broadest part they had to
stretch even wider.  

Francie raised her self up on her elbows so that she could see
better.  She had a very pleased-with-her-self expression on her
face.  "We're fucking," she said, "we're fucking, aren't we?"

"Yes my darling, we're fucking."  I was glad that I had cum before,
it allowed me to last longer.  Nonetheless, I began to feel my
orgasm building.  I paused so that it wouldn't happen too quickly.

"Is it over?"

"No, Sweetheart. I just stopped for a second. Do you want it to be?"

"NoOoo! I like it."

What more could you ask? I began to stroke again. Then I began to
hear as if from far away, "Oh my goodness...oh my goodness" It got
louder and louder. I stroked harder and harder. Then with one last,
"OH MY GOODNESS" she began to cum. Her shudders brought me over the
top and I emptied into her. This had been the most beautiful night
of my life. 

Later we bathed together.  I soaped her all over.  He vagina was
tender so I was especially careful as I cleaned her up.  As I dried
her off she looked like such a little girl.  I couldn't believe that
we had just had the must beautiful, loving intercourse imaginable.  

"It's like we are married," she whispered.

"Yes, my Darling Francie, it's like we are married.  You will be my
forever sweetheart."  

The evening was over.  She went back to her room.  I went to bed and
dreamt of her.  For some reason, I woke at mid-night.  Of course, I
masturbated.

FRANCIS -- End of part 3.
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....