Archive-name: 3plus/fran-syl.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Fran Takes Sylvia even Higher


     When I finished squirting my jism on FRAN and JANEY's faces, FRAN was
at a peak of sexual excitement.  She wanted satisfaction and to consume her
passion.  She decided to gain release by satisfying SYLVIA's cunt-longings
at the same time...with me and JANEY as witnesses to her efforts.  I fell
back from SYLVIA's thighs exhausted, and FRAN plunged into the
void...licking and sucking up the juicy, sloppy-wet pussy that I had
vacated.  She noisely lapped at SYLVIA, and SYLVIA oohed and ahhed her
appreciation.  Where I had left SYLVIA, FRAN picked up, bringing her higher
and higher in exstacy.  She fingered SYLVIA's asshole, gently, persistently,
and deftly while her tongue tortured her clitoris exquisitely. With the
expertise that only one woman could bring to another, FRAN fingered,
tongue-fucked, and licked SYLVIA over the edge to a mammoth orgasm.  And at
the end of it, FRAN climbed astride her belly, licking her way over those
magnificent breasts with those erect huge nipples until the two were locked
in mouth-to-mouth, tongue-plunging embrace.  They were tits to tits, lips to
lips, thighs to thighs, hips to hips, and pussy to pussy embrace.  They were
humping there pelvis into each others pelvic girdle with force that sounded
like two ferocious animals thrusting to oust the other from a prime feeding
ground.  And that's what SYLVIA's cunt had been.  First I feasted there. 
Then FRAN lunched there.  And it was soon to be JANEY's turn to eat SYLVIA's
delicious lunchbox!  Anbd I tell you, it turned me on to watch!  I had
another erection, while I lay on my back gasping for breath.  

     JANEY wasn't about to let that boner go to waste.  She climbed atop it
and snuggled her perfect bod close to mine, rubbing her erect titties
against mine, squeezing my penis tightly inside her cunny, which felt so
juicy I wanted to switch to 69 despite how wonderful I felt inside her.  She
moved slowly, deliberately, seductively.  She worked me up very slowly.  She
let me watch FRAN and SYLVIA's lesbian, sexy love-making.  And that they
did.  About the instant that 69 popped into my head, the two sexy bitches,
as though they read my mind, assumed the position and engulfed each other's
mouth in a snatch.  I kept hearing the sounds of slurp-slurp-slurp as they
lapped up each other's cunt juices.  I could imagine how they felt...as
though I had become a woman with a juicy cunt myself.  I could tell by their
movements that FRAN's tongue went further into SYLVIA's pussy than my own
had.  I could imagine how far up FRAN's cunt SYLVIA's tongue was stretching
to please her.  It was almost unimaginable!   Yet I knew that they were
pushing each other higher and higher to climax after climax by the way the
cheeks of their beautiful, sexy asses trembled.  I knew that way, when they
reached one, two, and three incredible orgasms in a row within fifteen
seconds of one another.  They were perspiring so much that the couch was
soaked, but they didn't care...they were in heaven and beyond.  And that's
when JANEY decided to take me even higher by having us do a parallel 69.  I
couldn't believe how her mouth loved and teased my prick.  She sucked with
an energy that I have never encountered since.  She moved her cunt around my
tongue and pumped juice into my lips, which were sucking furiously, as no
one else ever has.  I was cumming into her mouth again inside of only five
more minutes...and it hurt to cum.  Yet I couldn't hold back despite the
numbing throbbing of my balls.  She pumped and sucked another load of cum
out of me as FRAN and SYLVIA reached another orgasmic wave beside us on the
couch.  When we paused, and everyone came up for air, the room filled with
the sound of heavy, heavy breathing.  We gasped for air and silently
applauded each other's performances.  

     And if anyone of those fantastic nursed had asked me to eat her sweaty,
juicy, saliva and cum-filled cunt; I would have leaped to do it.  I get that
hot jut thinking about sex like I had that Saturday night. And I'm ready to
eat pussy right now.  Of course, I'll never find JANEY, FRAN, and SYLVIA
again.  So I'll enjoy the recollections wherever and whenever I can...as
now.

--
