THE FRATERNITY

Although Chris had a full college level education from the club, it was
important to spread around the freedom of having sex with other men.  So
Chris decided to join the newest fraternity, which perhaps he could
influence to go his way.  At the rush parties, all the members of the
fraternity were beautifully sexy, so Chris knew this was the right
place.  When pledge night came around, Chris was accepted with only a
few other boys.  What the frat leader said to them was a bit of a
surprise to him.

"At this point, we have a special initiation - a very pleasant one.  But
you must promise on everything that is meaningful not to reveal any part
of this initiation to anyone.  You still have full freedom of choice to
leave if you choose.  Do I have this promise?"

"YES," said all the pledges.

"Now I must make it clear that this is a gay fraternity, and our job is
to keep our name free of this connection, while spreading our beliefs.
We have also checked each person in this frat to make sure that they
don't have AIDS, and we have already tested you.  The initiation will
now begin.  We will all go into the next room, and the pledges will
strip and wait in line until called in."

This seemed too good to be true for Chris.  He couldn't wait to see what
all those sexy men would have him do, and he knew this was the right
place to spread his ideas from.  Chris stripped, his muscles built up
from the club bulged as he moved, not overdone, but with that wonderful
muscle tone that the club built up.  After waiting for the pledge before
him, it was Chris's turn to go in.  As Chris stepped inside, he saw a
large circle of bare asses, all beautifully tight.  He was looking at
the backs of all the members of the fraternity, who were naked from the
waist down, but wearing the frat symbol on their ventilated tank-tops.

"This is the first step in initiation," said the frat leader, "you must
lick every ass here to show your inferiority and humbleness."

Chris knelt down before the first ass in the line, the frat leader.  He
put his hands on the smooth warm surface on the side of the ass, and
smelt the moist odor of hot sex and genitals.  Chris pressed his lips
against the flesh surrounding the hole, and inserted his tongue inside.
The flavor was toned down from the men who had licked this ass before,
but Chris could taste the flavor of other saliva as his tongue slipped
past the hairs, and into the smooth internal flesh surrounding the hole.
Chris took his hands off the sides of the butt, and pulled his body
towards the bare, muscular, hairy legs, until his broad chest and
nipples pressed against the firm muscles of the legs.  Chris explored as
deep into the hole as he could with his tongue, using his pulsating lips
to enhance the stimulation.

Chris was awed by the masculinity of each of the fraternity members as
he went from one to the next, investing his sexual energy into each ass
hole.  Just the broad muscular backs and shoulders made Chris feel at
home like he was in the club.  The variety of basal flesh contact was
intensely seductive.  Chris would have gladly taken any one of these men
to bed.

When Chris finished the line of asses, he was told to lie on a soft
rubbery table surface.  Once Chris was laying down, face up on the
table, all the members of the fraternity turned around to face him.
Chris was overwhelmed by the handsome and powerful chest, and
wonderfully beautiful genitals hanging between the legs of each of these
sensual male bodies.  "Now you must show your patience and obedience by
sucking the penis of each man here," said the fraternity leader.

The first man stepped forward, and lowered his penis into Chris's mouth,
leaning slightly over the table.  Chris sucked the penis into his mouth,
gently pulling the outer skin with his lips.  Chris spread saliva all
over the surface of the penis with his tongue, and then began to lightly
stimulate the soft fleshy tip with his tongue.  Chris sensed the
heightening pleasure of the powerful body standing above him, and tuned
the circular motion of his tongue on the tip of the penis, and the
gentle nibbling of his teeth to stimulate the genital as quickly as
possible.

As Chris felt the excitement of the penis in his mouth heading towards
it's peak, the sexy college man above him pulled the penis out, and
urgently released it's contents across Chris's chest is powerful bursts.
And almost immediately, the next man's penis was inserted into Chris's
mouth as the former finished wiping off his penis on Chris's body.  This
man's penis had a slightly different fleshy flavor from that of his
former brother.  Chris took his hands from his sides, and felt out the
man's butt in rhythm with the oral activity.  The college student's
penis hardened almost the instant he was subjected to Chris's multiple
stimulations.  Chris watched as the man's strength melted into intimate
lusts, and his firm muscles melted with the sexual stimulation flowing
through his body.

This man pulled his penis out just before the moment of release, and
aimed it down Chris's bare chest.  The first unstoppable spurt shot all
the way down Chris's body and landed on Chris's genital area.  The rest
of his semen landed in the middle of Chris's chest, mixing with that of
his former brother.  The next member's penis was uncircumcised, and
Chris took special care to slide his tongue around in such a way that
the flesh covering the penis tip rubbed for extra stimulation.  As the
penis hardened and the flesh covering pulled away, Chris spread saliva
all over the usually unexposed surface.  Chris continued on every member
of this fraternity with similar techniques of oral stimulation.

When Chris had finished manipulating the penis of every one of these
sexually attractive youths, his entire chest was covered with a layer of
semen.  The frat brothers spread the semen all over his body, rubbing it
across his broad shoulders, and down the sinews of his legs.

"The third step symbolizes joining into the care of our fraternity.  You
must suck each nipple on every brother."

And for the first time, Chris stood up with all the brothers of the
fraternity facing him completely nude.  Chris bent down towards the
right nipple of the first of the members in line.  Chris wrapped his
arms around the young man's bare torso for support, and sealed his lips
around the man's nipple.  Chris felt the brother's muscles shift as
Chris was grasped by the muscular arms, and pulled tighter towards the
firm chest.  Chris felt cuddled in the sexual arms of this virile man,
and sucked hard on the man's nipple.  Chris pulled the tip of the nipple
deep into his mouth with air pressure, and lightly stimulated the tip
after coating the nipple with lubricating saliva.  Chris's hands
explored the broad back, feeling the wonderful shape of the perfect
muscles lining his body.  Chris could smell the wonderful warm odor of
this potent body holding him in it's grasp.  Chris felt completely
comfortable in these brawny arms.

And so it was with each member of the fraternity.  Each time, Chris felt
completely at home in the arms of the amazing naked bodies.  "Now that
you feel comfortable with us, step four involves the full joining of the
flesh, as we treat you to some stimulation."

Several of the members took out vials of oil, and poured some into the
hands of each of the members.  They came towards Chris, their limp
penises bouncing gently between their legs in a bed of soft brown hair,
and began to rub oil on Chris's body.  They started by rubbing it into
Chris's chest, carefully following the contours of Chris's
well-developed chest, stroking into the nipples and across the rippling
stomach muscles.  They rubbed more oil across Chris's penis until it was
dripping with lubrication, and then they rubbed the oil around Chris's
scrotum, and into the fluffy pubic hair.  Next, they rubbed the oil all
down the front of Chris's legs.  Chris was overwhelmed by the attention
these wonderfully sexy, naked men were giving him, bending down before
him to rub oil into his legs.

When they had finished with Chris's front, they laid Chris down on the
table, carefully inserting his penis into a well sized hole in the
middle of the table.  The lubrication on Chris's penis allowed it to
easily slip in and out of the hole.  Some of these handsome men rubbed
oil across Chris's behind, and inserted their well lubricated fingers
into the moist crease of Chris's ass hole.  Chris felt their deep
penetration as they spread lubrication throughout the hole.  Others
spread the oil across his broad back to make it as well lubricated as
the rest of his body.

Then they all left him except one brawny man who mounted the table.
Chris could feel himself laying between the legs of this man as he knelt
above Chris's body, and then slowly lowered himself down.  With all the
lubrication in Chris's behind, this man's penis easily slipped its way
into the hole.  Chris felt first the groin of this sexy young man
pressing against his behind, and then the man's entire sexy chest
pressed firmly against his back.

The man began to thrust in and out of Chris's behind, and Chris felt the
abrasion of his behind against the hard penis penetrating it.  The
muscles lining this youth's chest rubbed and slided against the
lubrication on Chris's back.  As Chris felt the penis thrust deep into
his body, the force transferred to his own penis which was thrusting
deep into the hole on the table.

Chris felt the thrusting of the sexy man above him going straight to his
heart, and knew that in no time he could ejaculate.  And then, just as
Chris felt ejaculation inevitable, the fraternity brother climbed off of
him.  They gave Chris a minute to recover, and then the next member
climbed on.  Again, Chris felt the man spread his legs above Chris, and
slowly lower his penis, groin, and chest on top of Chris's body.

This man thrust with slow easy strokes, rather than the faster strokes
of the man before him, and the gentle rubbing of penis against the flesh
of Chris's ass was much more noticeable.  Chris could feel the breath of
this sensual naked man on the back of his neck, as the member slid up
and down in his ass.  This cycle continued for a long time: feeling the
comfortable contact of flesh, and the exciting abrasion of strong
muscles on bare flesh.

More and more men climbed on top of Chris, one after the other.  Chris
ejaculated several times with this powerful passion, and when the last
of the brothers was doing it to him, Chris felt the wonderful love and
stimulation force another ejaculation out of his tired penis into the
hole in the table.  Chris felt himself surrounded by lights and colors,
overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of sexual love that had occurred.

And Chris rested on a soft bed with some other sexual pledges in the
corner while the fraternity members proceeded to take care of their next
pledge.  Chris had dreams about beautiful sexual men doing everything
imaginable to him.  He woke up between his dreams to see all the frat
members doing it to another pledge.  The sight of all those naked men
with rock hard penises hanging between their legs, while laying next to
several other naked pledges in a state of total sexual overload was
amazing.  The club had nothing that came close to this sort of
overwhelming passion.

When Chris woke again from his daze, he was being frenched by one of the
fraternity members who was also feeling him out.  Chris responded
likewise, and carefully kneaded the penis of this wonderful man.  A
third man joined in, making it a three way french kiss with everyone
feeling out each other.  Chris's penis hurt from the overload it had
taken, but Chris could not resist the passionate pleasure of this
experience.  Then the men stopped, and when Chris looked at them, he saw
they were Mike with his handsome face, and Pete with the most beautiful
strong chest muscles Chris had ever seen.

The three of them went upstairs to take a shower and clean up.  Pete and
Mike turned on the shower, and placed Chris with his back to it.  The
two of them then massaged soap into Chris's skin, wiping off the oil and
sweat from the former passion.  Pete moved his chest close to Chris's as
he kneaded soap down the front of Chris's body.  Mike rubbed soap along
Chris's arm, feeling the development of Chris's biceps and giving Chris
that special cute comical smile.

Chris felt Pete rub his stomach muscles, and as Pete reached Chris's
genitals, Pete pressed the soap between Chris's and his own penis and
they pressed their thighs together hard enough to hold the soap in
place.  Pete planted his moist lips on Chris's, and quickly slipped his
tongue through to Chris's mouth.  Meanwhile, Mike rubbed soap all over
his own penis and chest, turned the two kissers so that Pete had his
broad back to the shower, and inserted his soaped penis into Chris's ass
to help clean out the oil and semen.  Chris felt the pressure of Mike's
beautifully shaped chest rubbing the soap into his back, and also felt
Mike's hands slip between the genitals of Chris and Pete, and make use
of the lubricating soap to pet Chris and Pete.  With Mike's stimulation
on top of the enrapturing kiss, Chris could not resist the urge to start
crotch grinding with Pete.

Chris's muscles pulsed violently while he was sandwiched between two
handsome naked young men in a shower with water and soap coursing over
him.  But then, Pete and Mike withdrew, preventing Chris from having
another painful ejaculation.  While Chris lusted after their bodies,
they each knelt down and washed one of Chris's legs.  Then Pete turned
off the water, and they stepped out.

Chris stepped out of the showers hot and clean.  Chris watched the
droplets of water glinting on Pete's chest, and around his genitals.
Mike vigorously towelled off Chris's brown hair, as he pressed their wet
naked bodies together, his nipples sensitively touching Chris's.  His
penis hardened next to Chris's as he finished with Chris's hair, leaving
it messed up, making Chris look wild, but cute.  Pete also took a towel
and assisted rubbing off Chris's back.

With their bodies at such close proximity, Chris's thighs pressing
against Mike's beautifully smooth skin, and their hard penises side by
side, Chris could not resist burying his lips in an engrossing kiss
while Mike began toweling off his back.  Chris could feel the moisture
between their chests, as Mike's body pressed and shifted against his
while Pete rubbed his back dry.  Chris felt Pete work on his broad,
muscular shoulders and back, then Mike towelled down to his buttocks,
and felt how firm and resilient they were underneath the towel.

Chris felt Pete's hands cupped around his buttocks, pulling Pete's groin
towards Chris's buttocks.  Chris released Mike from the kiss, and felt
Mike and Pete's hands on his bulging shoulders, rotating his torso, so
Mike could get at him from behind.  Chris felt Mike reach under his
arms, and around his beautifully shaped pectorals, to dry his chest.
Mike rubbed the towel across Chris's upper body, letting his hands feel
the sensual shapes under the towel.  Slowly, Mike let the towel drop as
he dried off Chris's brawny body, watching the droplets of water vanish
from the sexy surface of Chris's skin.  Meanwhile, Pete and Chris sank
into a wonderful french kiss.

After a while, Mike reached Chris's pubic hair, and in drying this area,
Mike was extremely complete.  Chris felt Mike rub every corner of this
wonderful area between Chris's legs, carefully exploring all the shapes
with the towel.

Pete knelt down before Chris, and placed the penis in his mouth, sucking
off all the remaining droplets of water, and feeling the texture of the
vulnerable skin.  Mike continued to dry Chris's shapely legs with the
towel, feeling the curving of Chris's well-developed muscles.

After Mike had towelled off Chris's legs, Pete kept sucking Chris's
erect penis, and began stroking the soft hair flowing around Chris's
penis and down Chris's sexual legs.  Chris was reaching a painful point
of stimulation, so he placed his hands on the side of Pete's head, and
smoothly slipped his moist penis from Pete's mouth.  Chris relaxed after
this stress, and watched the hugs, kisses, and fondling that passed
between Mike and Pete as they dried each other's bodies off.

When the three of them were dry and clean, Chris began the final
initiation to the fraternity.  Pete strode forward to Chris, placed his
strong arms on Chris's legs and back, and in one smooth sweeping motion,
Pete lifted Chris off the ground.  The feeling of being held by another
completely naked manly body was amazing.  Chris felt his side pressing
against the shirt-ripping muscles on Pete's chest, and the shifted of
Pete's unbelievable biceps rubbing against his back and legs.  Chris's
penis lay almost touching Pete's strong chest, the groin hanging between
Chris's chest and knees which Pete held.  Chris could sense Pete's manly
penis bouncing between Pete's legs below him as Pete carried Chris
upstairs, followed closely by Mike.

When they got to the room, Pete stopped near the bed, but continued to
hold Chris.  Mike took a bottle of oil out, and bent down below Chris to
rub some on Pete's penis, then stood up and rubbed some on Chris's penis
while Chris was still being held in Pete's arms.  Mike laid face down on
the bed, and relaxed his butt muscles.  Pete gently laid Chris on top of
Mike, and helped Chris guide his oiled penis into Mike's asshole.  Once
the sexual connection had been firmly made, Chris felt Pete lay on top
of him, and slide his greased penis into Chris's ass.  As Chris felt
this sexual rod penetrate deep into his body, he was amazed at the large
radius of Pete's erect penis.

Chris was sandwiched between two gorgeous young fraternity brothers, and
knew that at the end of this experience he would be fully joined with
them.  Then, Pete began his thrusting.  The motion was gentle, almost
unnoticeable at first as the oil on Pete's and Chris's penises slid
gently up and down in the anal cavities.  Chris's excitement began
increasing very quickly as Pete nibbled on his ear, and Pete's strong,
firm pectorals pressed firmly against his back with each thrust.
Chris's arms explored the wonderful shape and texture of Mike's bare
torso, with Mike's body completely underneath him.

Slowly, Chris felt the warmth of Pete's breath increasing, the level of
passion flowing into his body heightened.  Chris felt Mike's hands
stroking down the pile of asses, each one linked to the one below with a
connection of love.  The undulations of love from Pete's strong muscles
transferred down the pile through Pete's penis, through Chris's penis
and into Mike's vulnerable body below.  Chris sensed the warm flesh
above him and below him with rapturous excitement.  Chris could feel the
tightening of Pete's muscles as he used all his might to thrust love
down into Chris and Mike below him.

Chris nibbled and licked the soft flesh of Mike's ear lobe as Pete's
tongue and lips traveled along his neck.  As the violence of Pete's
thrusts reached an urgent level, Chris reached his hands back and cupped
them over Pete's ass, feeling the raw power in the compressing muscles.
Chris added the force of his ass to the thrusts, compressing and pulling
deeper Pete's penis, while increasing the penetration of his own penis
into Mike's exposed flesh.  Chris felt Mike's body shiver with pleasure,
and Mike's ass began to pulsate in rhythm, pulling Chris's penis deeper
inside.

Then, Chris felt Pete's penis grow larger inside his body, and Pete
suddenly stopped the thrusting.  At this instant, Chris felt a flow of
semen enter his body from above, as if a fire hose were connected inside
his ass.  Pete's immensely powerful ejaculation combined with Pete's
final deep thrust, sent Chris's level of stimulation over the brink.  As
the final thrust traveled into Mike's body, and Chris's penis penetrated
deeper than ever before, and urgent flow of semen burst forth from his
penis, mixing with juices deep inside Mike's body.  Chris could feel the
powerful jerk as Mike's penis jumped to action, emptying all it's
contents onto the false vagina on the bed.

After the pulsations in Pete's penis were completed, Chris felt the
penis slowly lifted from his ass, and the pressure of Pete's broad
brawny chest lifted from his back.  Pete sat on his knees, with his wet
penis dangling onto Chris's bare back.  Chris felt Pete's hands slip
between his groin and Mike's ass, and assist Chris in gently sliding his
penis out.  Chris and Pete lay on either side of Mike's exhausted body.
They maneuvered their heads towards Mike's, and simultaneously slipped
their tongues into Mike's mouth.  Mike moaned with a tired excitement,
and responded with his tongue.  Slowly the three sexy bodies melted
together and fell asleep.

The next morning, Chris awoke in the arms of two handsome men, and knew
he was part of the fraternity.  They kissed each other good morning, and
took a long, long shower.

The next evening was strip night at the fraternity.  It began with an
experienced member of the fraternity doing a strip act.  The brothers
sat in a circle fully clothed, and watched as this member stripped
before them.  Chris sat near the front with one arm around Mike, and the
other around Pete.  They watched as this sexy man danced with enticing
gestures.  Slowly, he lifted off his shirt, leaving his tense chest
muscles to rebound as his arms lowered.  He drew the head of one of the
audience members towards his chest, and buried that man's head in his
strong pectorals.

Moving with great sexual excitement, the dancer slowly removed his
pants, revealing lightweight shorts underneath.  One of the audience
members picked up the dancer's discarded pants and took a deep smell of
the genital area.  The other members glared at the superbly proportioned
muscular legs covered with light brown hair as the dancer continued to
draw the sexual urge of everyone in the crowd.

The dancer danced over towards the audience member with his pants, and
jumped up on the man's chair.  The dancer did thrusting movements right
in front of the man's face in rhythm to the music, and slowly slipped
his shorts off revealing bikini underwear beneath.  He grasped the man's
head between his legs, holding it with warm flesh full of passion for a
moment, then left for the center again.  Slowly, the dancer moved
towards Chris's side of the circle.

With taunting swirls of his body, the dancer enticed the audience to a
high level of sexual stimulation.  With beautifully attractive movement,
the dancer slipped his bikini underwear off, leaving his penis dangling
gently between his legs as his torso continued the sensual gyratory
motions.

The dancer moved towards Chris, and jumped up on Chris's chair.  As
Chris watched the beautiful muscular body, with a penis dangling just
inches in front of his face, Chris could not resist.  Chris reached out,
grabbed the penis, and gently covered its warm surface with his lips.
Then, Chris reached his hands around, and pulled the man's thighs
towards him with directed pressure on the buttocks.

The dancer continued with thrusting movements causing the penis to slide
around inside his mouth.  Chris wished this could go on forever, but the
dancer withdrew his penis, and moved to the center of the circle,
enticing everyone with his penis.  Men from all around the circle moved
forward to the center, and began to tongue bathe the dancer.  Their
clothed bodies pressed together tightly as 20 tongues reached out for
the bare flesh of the sexy fraternity stripper.  Chris envied the
brother who had the dancer's penis captured in his mouth.

Soon the dancer could take no more, and slowly laid down on the floor.
As the frat members moved away from him, Chris could see the semen on
the bare penis sticking up in the air, and the light glistening off the
saliva of twenty men covering the dancer's bare body.

Next, half the members of the fraternity went to the center of the
circle, and began to dance.  Chris had chosen to be in the active half,
so he could display his body.  They all danced together in the center,
moving their bodies to raise the level of excitement of the watching
members.  Chris moved towards a heavily built football player, and they
fell into a clearly visible tongue kiss.  As each person in the dance
also frenched another, they began to crotch grind through their clothes
to excite the audience even more.  The football player's mouth was soft
and warm to Chris's exploratory tongue.

After some time, they all together reached down, and pulled the shirts
off each other's backs.  The quantity of bare flesh and muscle that was
revealed was wonderful to the observers.  As Chris stared into the
powerful bare chest of the football player before him, he felt he had to
feel out every inch of the beautiful muscular surface.  Chris's hands
first went for the broad chest, rubbing the resilient skin with excited
and sensitive strokes.  Then Chris reached for the man's wide shoulder,
feeling the wonderfully curved deltoid muscles topping the brother's
torso.

Chris put his hands completely around the football player's thick neck,
pressing his bare chest against the stronger one.  The brother responded
by grasping Chris around the lower torso, and pulling them closer
together with unbelievable force.  They dove into frantic kisses trying
to go as deeply into each other as they could.  The audience loved
watching this.

All the men in the center separated from their embraces, and showed
their bare chest to the audience for a moment, then they got in a
back-to-front position.  Chris slipped his hands down the pants of the
football player in front of him, and began to stimulate the man's penis.
Meanwhile, Chris felt the strong frat brother behind him place his hands
in Chris's pants, and felt the man's hand grasp his penis.  Chris
enjoyed the double stimulation of petting a wonderful penis, and having
his penis felt out at the same time, while staring at the smooth shape
of muscles on the back of the football player.

While everyone continued to feel out the strong man in front of them,
and the audience watched with enjoyment, they tightened the circle, so
their bodies were closer together.  Chris pressed his chest against the
brother in front of him, began necking, continued to pet the man's
penis, and at the same time felt the same thing being done to him.  The
audience saw a mass of men in a circle, all bare chested, necking, and
petting each other's penis under their pants.

Soon Chris could resist no longer, and unbuttoned the football player's
pants, and slid them to the floor, leaving him with only white briefs
separating his handsome body from the world.  The other men in the
circle followed suit, and soon they were all in underwear.  Without the
constraining pants on the football player in front of him, Chris could
get more grip on the man's penis, and could use his spare hand to feel
out the ass of the man in front of the football player, thus having
intimate physical contact with three other men at the same time.

After some passionate necking to go with the greatly increased physical
excitement, all the men slipped off the underwear of the person in front
of them, leaving a circle of nude bodies.  The audience watched with
intense excitement.  Chris slipped his moistened penis into the ass hole
of the football player in front of him.  Chris also felt the powerful
thrust of the man behind him as a penis penetrated his behind.  Soon
they had formed a complete butt-fuck circle: a chain of men connected by
their penises.  The circle began to move and bend and thrust as their
penises got more and more excited inside each other.  Chris could feel
hands petting all parts of his body, while he reached out with his hands
and felt all the powerful muscles surrounding him in this intimate
circle of love.  Chris tongue explored the muscles and creases of flesh
on the football player before, all the while feeling the intense depth
of his penis, and the muscular thrusting of the penis inside his body.

The audience could no longer watch this without participation.  They
took off each other's clothes, and began tongue bathing the people in
the circle, pressing their flesh against all sorts of interesting body
parts.  Soon the excitement, activity, and occasional ejaculation caused
the circle to break up before Chris could release his fluids into the
football player.  The group deteriorated into a pile of naked men.

There were penises, asses, tongues, lips, and muscles everywhere.  Men
entered each other and then separated.  Slowly the pile became more and
more lubricated by the semen covering bodies.  Penis rubbed on chests,
fingers in assholes, tongues and lips sucked nipples.  At one point,
Chris felt five penises pressing against or into his body, including two
in his mouth and one in his asshole.  Some men clasped each other's
bodies, and crotch ground together.  The whole area smelled of flesh and
sex.

Chris traveled through the pile of men, licking and fondling.  Being
sucked, licked, and fondled in turn.  Chris must have touched thirty
other men, having intimate contact with each.  Suddenly, Chris came upon
the football player forcibly thrusting his huge penis into another new
frat member.  Chris climbed on top, slipped his penis in, and rode the
powerful thrusts of this man.  His penis moved in and out with the
thrusting, but Chris held firm.  Then the football player's thrusting
stopped as he must have released the contents of his penis into the
youth below.  With that though, Chris had an ejaculation which reached
new heights in power, shooting the semen deep into the football player's
strong body.

Slowly the activity around them died off likewise, and soon a potent
calm rested over the room.  Naked men lay sprawled around, relaxing with
occasional private contacts.  They all relaxed and drifted off into a
deep restful sleep.  All the men together.  All the fraternity together
band satisfied.

