Frat Fuck                                                                                                                           
From: Jock Magazine                                                                                                                 
By: Bill Kinsey                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
     My arrival at the frat house was about three days before the summer                                                            
session.  I approached the side door and was surprised to see lights on                                                             
in Tony's room, next to mine.  Tony and I are best friends from high                                                                
school where we played on all the teams and double dated on occasion.                                                               
Our rooms are on the second floor and share a balcony.                                                                              
     Thinking to surpise him, I quietly climbed on the balcony and peeked                                                           
into his window.  Looking through the space between the curtains, I saw                                                             
Tony like I'd never seen him before-down on his hands and knees getting                                                             
butt-fucked.                                                                                                                        
     I recognized the other guy as Ace, from the track team and watched,                                                            
stunned, as he rapidly pumped his cock in and out of Tony's ass.  They                                                              
were on the floor with profiles to the window, bodies glowing in the                                                                
light.                                                                                                                              
     I could see Tony's surprisingly large, erect cock as it jumped                                                                 
wildly in response to Ace's thrusting.  Beaded with sweat, they were                                                                
panting heavily as their tanned, muscular bodies slammed together in a                                                              
primal rhythm of lust.                                                                                                              
     Emitting a short, bark-like grunt, Ace drove his cock home and held                                                            
it there.  As if filled to overflowing, Tony geysered his load onto the                                                             
floor in huge rapid-fire jets.  After a couple of minutes, Ace withdrew                                                             
his still dripping cock from Tony's ass.                                                                                            
     Stepping back to avoid notice, I suddenly realized that I had been                                                             
unconsciously rubbing and squeezing my own painfully erect cock.  I spent                                                           
the night in a hotel and as I sprayed my cum onto my stomach and chest, I                                                           
decided that I was going to have Tony next.                                                                                         
     Entering the house the next afternoon, I tried to make as much noise                                                           
as possible shutting the door and dropping my bags.  I was just about to                                                            
call out when Tony, wearing gym shorts and a tank, enteredalone from the                                                            
den.  I couldn't believe that I had never noticed how really goodlooking                                                            
he was.                                                                                                                             
     Even though we had showered in the gym together, I had never really                                                            
paid attention.  Now, as we spoke, my eyes traveled over his body, taking                                                           
in his perfect tan and muscles, the swell of his pecs under the filmy                                                               
tank, the spread of his chest and shoulders and the way his shorts clung                                                            
to his ass and crotch.                                                                                                              
     Swapping stories of our break, we carried my bags upstairs and began                                                           
to unpack.  I was so nervous that I was shaking as I moved about the                                                                
room.  Taking a football from my dresser, Tony sat against the window                                                               
sill and played a one-sided game of catch as he continued relating the                                                              
details of his break.  Finally, I just couldn't stand it anymore.                                                                   
     I moved over and stood between his spread legs, I placed my hand on                                                            
his thigh and as the ball slipped through his fingers, I leaned down and                                                            
kissed him.  At first I thought I had made a mistake, but he returned my                                                            
kiss and snaked his tongue out to twine with mine.                                                                                  
     I sprang instantly erect and then moved my hands to his hot crotch.                                                            
I felt his cock lengthen and grow thick in his shorts.                                                                              
     Gripping my ass with his hands, he pulled me tightly against him,                                                              
crushing our cocks together through the fabric of our clothes.  Raising                                                             
his tank to take his incredible pecs in my hands, I squeezed them as he                                                             
flexed beneath my touch.  I broke the kiss to pull his tank over his head                                                           
and take a dark nipple into my mouth.                                                                                               
     Licking across his chest, I tasted the faint saltiness of his skin.                                                            
I licked up to kiss his neck and tongue his ear.  He unbuttoned my shirt                                                            
and let his hands roam over my chest.  I pulled him up from dresser and                                                             
pulled his shorts and jock down to free his cock.                                                                                   
     Our bodies were almost identical; our cocks evenly matched.  I felt                                                            
his huge rod pulsing as it lay heavily in my hand.  Plum-sized balls                                                                
nestled in the loose sac below.  I went to my knees and took the big                                                                
circumcised head into my mouth.  Eager for the taste of his rigid shaft,                                                            
I force him deeper and deeper into my throat until I gagged.                                                                        
     After a few tries, I was able to take his entire length without                                                                
choking.  His cock was long and smooth.  His pubes smelt faintly of his                                                             
musk.  I sucked on his low-hanging balls as the thickness of his nine                                                               
inch cock pulsed hotly against my face.  His hands twisted in my hair.                                                              
     I swallowed his fat dick again and wanted to stay on my knees                                                                  
sucking his cock forever, but he pulled me up and sank down in front of                                                             
me.                                                                                                                                 
    Unbuttoning my jeans and pulling them down, Tony pressed his face                                                               
against the straining elastic of my jock.  A large wet spot marked where                                                            
the head of my cock lay under the waistband.  He pulled my jock down and                                                            
took my throbbing meat in his hand.  He began to milk it and took the                                                               
clear drops that oozed from the slit with his tongue.                                                                               
     Searing the flesh of my cock, he sucked my fat dick-head into his                                                              
mouth, rolling his tongue around and around.  He then worked his way down                                                           
my shaft inch by inch until I was completely buried in his throat.                                                                  
     He snaked his tongue out to lick at my balls with my cock still                                                                
buried deep inside him.  Up and down he slid until I felt that the only                                                             
thing in existance was his hot mouth on my cock.                                                                                    
     He released my swollen rod to take each of my aching nuts into his                                                             
mouth one at a time.  I felt his hot saliva begin to run down the under                                                             
side.  Standing and stepping out of his clothes, he allowed me to finish                                                            
undressing before leading me to the bed.                                                                                            
     Laying on his stomach beneath me, Tony spread his legs to allow my                                                             
cock to press into the cleft of is ass.  I was dying to get into that                                                               
hole.  I spit a healthy wad of saliva into my palm and worked the hot                                                               
juice into the warm cleft of his ass.  As one finger, then two, worked                                                              
their magic inside his ass, he began to main deeply.                                                                                
     He raised his ass up and spread his legs wider, while on my knees                                                              
behind him I got my first view of his puckered hole.                                                                                
     Gripping my cock just behind the head, I placed the head against his                                                           
pucker.  The lube made the going easy and just as my cockhead pressed                                                               
passed the ring of muscles, he suddenly thrust his ass against my hips,                                                             
spearing himself on my prick.                                                                                                       
     The feeling was incredible.  Moist heat burned the head and shaft of                                                           
my engorged rod while his hot jock ass muscles almost cut off the cir-                                                              
culation.  His hole was tighter than any I had ever been in.  I knew it                                                             
wouldn't be very long before I shot my load.                                                                                        
     Slowly I withdrew and fucked my cock back into his clenching hole.                                                             
I kissed and tongued every part of his body I could reach as I began to                                                             
pump faster and faster in and out of his hot ass.  I felt his butt grip                                                             
my pole tighter as his breathing became heavier.                                                                                    
     "Shit, man, I'm gonna cum," he screamed as I continued to buck into                                                            
him.                                                                                                                                
     My hips began to grind with a mind of their own as I felt the cum                                                              
rising out of my swinging balls.  Bracing himself against the wall with                                                             
his arms, he matched me thrust for thrust.  My insides seemed to explode                                                            
as he fucked the cum out of me.  Spasm after spasm wracked my body until                                                            
I thought I'd never stop cumming.                                                                                                   
     As the spasms lessened, Tony moaned and I looked down to see the                                                               
first hot wad of cum fly from his cock.  Withdrawing my dick from his                                                               
hole I quickly moved my head under his boiling nuts and took his rod into                                                           
my mouth to take his load.                                                                                                          
     His first jet bellowed my cheeks, filling my mouth to capacity.                                                                
Swallowing eagerly, I kept my lips firmly glued around his cock, not                                                                
wanting to miss a drop.  Burst after burst of his cum filled my mouth as                                                            
my own jets subsided.  I swallowed his entire load, savoring the creamy                                                             
nut-juice.  I wanted all he could give and he gave it.  Slowly, our                                                                 
spasms subsided and running my hands over his hot, sweating body, I                                                                 
collapsed into his arms, smiling at the thought that we were nowhere near                                                           
being finished.                                                                                                                     

