Archive-name: School/frat1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Frat Party - 1

Keywords: 3plus


     I want to relate a story from my college days.  It concerns
a night I spent with my girlfriend at a fraternity party.  Her
name was Cathy, and she was pretty as a picture and as horny as
anyone I've ever known.  Cathy was about 5'6" and 115 lbs.  She
had bleached blond hair, blue eyes, and a killer figure.  She was
a little on the flat-chested side, but had the greatest ass
you've ever seen.
     We went to a frat of one of my friends for a party one
Saturday night.  We spent most of the night drinking grain punch
and smoking pot, so by 2AM we were feeling no pain!  One of the
brothers said they were going to be showing smokers upstairs and
I asked Cathy if she wanted to go up.  She had no inhibitions
whatsoever, and readily agreed to go up.  When we got up to the
room, the movies were already playing, joints were being passed
around, as well as some of the punch.  There were about 10 guys
and 3 girls in the room.  The movies were pretty rude, most of
them ended with the guy (or guys) jerking off on the face of the
female star.  The other 2 girls couldn't take it so they left
with a couple of the guys.  Cathy loved the movies, especially
the gooey cum shots (if there was ever a girl addicted to cum it
was Cathy - she used to make me straddle her chest and beat off,
just so she could watch me come all over her).  Of course all of
the guys were making appropriately rude comments, and everyone
was laughing and having a good time.  After about a half an hour,
someone put on a movie starring Johnny Wadd.  As soon as she saw
his schlong, Cathy started getting hot.  She said that she would
love to get her hands on that tool.  Then one of the guys said
something like "Between all 8 of us we don't have that much!" and
we all started laughing - until one of the brothers said "You
forgot about me".  It was a guy with two nicknames -
"hosemonster" and "girth".  The hosemonster had a dick that was
easily an honest 8" long but the amazing thing about it was how
thick it was - about as big around as my wrist!  Cathy said "Are
you trying to say you have a big one?" and he replied "bigger
than you've ever seen".  Cathy looked at me with glazed eyes and
said "can I look at it?"  Now 3-ways were nothing new to us - as
long as the third was a guy, and I loved to watch her pretty face
as she sucked cock so I said "sure, but you know what will
happen" to which she replied "I can't wait"
    The room was incredibly quiet, except for the movie
projector, everyone just waited to see what happened.  Cathy and
I had been sitting on the floor, and everyone watched as she
crawled over on her hands and knees to kneel right in front of
the hosemonster (whose real name was Rick).  Rick got out of his
chair and stood in front of Cathy.  Then he unbuckled his pants
and slid them down.  His cock was already half-hard, and he
started stroking it.  Cathy was mesmerized and just watched for a
couple of minutes - meanwhile all of the guys (including me)
started playing with our dicks.  Cathy looked up at Rick and said
"well I think it would split me in half, but I can suck it better
than anyone ever has" and with that she went to work on it.  She
couldn't get much of it into her mouth, she was sitting there
working on the head while she pumped it with both of her hands.
She would stop every once in a while to lick and suck his balls,
and rub his dick on her face (Cathy loved to have me tie her to
the bed and rub my dick all over her)  This went on for a while
and we could all tell that Rick was going to come soon, his dick
was even bigger than before, and hard as a rock.  Cathy realized
he was close to coming and she really started to pump on his
cock, she looked up at his face and said "give me that come".
With that Rick started to shoot.  Cathy moved her mouth to try
and get it all, but it was too much for her, she started to gag,
and pulled his dick out of her mouth.  He continued to come and
come.  It hit her on her lips, and on her chin and rolled down
her face and on to her shirt - and Rick kept coming.  She put it
back into her mouth and kept pumping until Rick slumped into his
chair. We were all just sitting there beating our meat, and Cathy
turned to look at us and said "who's next" while she started to
take off her clothes.
    We all just sat there with our dicks in our hands and our
mouths wide open, but I could tell from the look on her face that
Cathy was serious.  Cathy took her hand and wiped some of the
come off of her face and made a big show of licking it up, then
she said "mmm I just love this stuff, how about some more!"  with
that a couple of guys went over and started to fondle her tits
while she played with their cocks, then she turned to the other
guys and said "come on, I'm going to suck all of your cocks".
Three other guys went over and stood in front of her.  She just
knelt there and went form cock to cock, sucking them for all she
was worth.  While she would suck one she would pump two more with
her hands.  When one of the guys would start to come she would
swallow some of the come, and then pump the rest on to her face
or chest.
    After a while she had sucked everyone off in the room except
me.  Then she told us she wanted to get fucked.  She was lying
there on the floor, and while one guy would fuck her, she would
have 1 guy on either side of her head, and she would suck on
their cocks.  By this time she was high on sex, she didn't seem
able to get enough - and I had just been watching.  After a while
things started to slow down, all of the guys had come at least
twice, and a couple of them had passed out.  She had decided to
take on the hosemonster this time, and Rick had her lying across
a chair while he pounded into her doggy-style.  I went up to her,
knelt down and looked into her face.  She was an absolute mess,
but she looked like she had had the time of her life.  I asked
"is this your fantasy come true?" and she said "Now I want your
come" in a voice I didn't even recognize.  I stood up and just
started to stroke my cock while she watched.  She seemed
hypnotized by my dick.  I started to match my strokes to Rick's
while she just stared at my cock.  This went on for a couple of
minutes until Rick started to come.  This must of been too much
for Cathy, because she came like no other person I've ever seen
since.  She was screaming in ecstasy, and with that I started to
shoot.  After watching her show all night I had built up quite a
load, and I came and came and came.  Cathy caught most of it in
her mouth, and the rest went on her face and hair.  Then my knees
buckled and I just collapsed in front of her while Rick did the
same behind her.  Imagine the scene: 8 collapsed guys totally
spent, lying on the floor, chairs and sofa - and one exhausted
girl, covered with come lying across a chair.  In a few minutes
Cathy decided she had to clean up, and went to take a shower.
Rick went with her and fucked her again in the shower.
    I took Cathy home with me and she passed out before we got to
my place.  The next day I asked her if she remembered it, and she
said she remembered every detail.  I asked her if she had any
regrets, after all in a small school everyone would know what had
happened.  She told me that her fantasy had always been to be a
sex slave, and that the thought of being used by men turned her
on incredibly.  We had a long talk that day about fantasies, and
we decided that we would act out more of our fantasies... But
that's another story.

--
