Archive-name: Family/free1.txt
Archive-author: A. N. Onymous
Archive-title: Journey to Eden


                  (Captain and The Dream Machine)

                         ....To  Free....


Somewhere between three gates.................

* * * *

The package was in the mailbox when Joey got home from work.
No stamps.  No return address.  "FROM THE CAPTAIN"  Who the 
hell is The Captain?  The package was about the size of a 
brick and felt heavy.  Brown paper and tied with string.  
Great.  Probably a coke drop at the wrong address.  Can't be.
Too heavy.  Joey placed the package on the kitchen table and
grabbed a beer from the fridge.  He sat down and began sipping
the cold liquid.  The mystery would wait until he finished.  
Joey flattened the can with a quick squeeze of his fist and did
his hook shot to the garbage can by the door.  Missed.  His 
attention came back to the package.  He held it in both hands.
Something hard and heavy.  Joey ripped the string and paper.
The opening showed something like brass.  A key.  A key like
you find in old houses, only four times the size, and thick.
No markings.  No numbers.  Just a smooth polished brass.  Joey
held the key in his fist.  What kind of lock would use such a
key.  Big key.  Big door.  Thank you Captain, but for what and
who the hell are you?
                                                             
* * * *

You will arrive at the Villa at 1 p.m. on June 5.  You are not to
bring anyone with you.  Be sure that you have dressed according to
my instructions.  Park your car just inside the gate and come to
the main entrance.  Ring the small bell three times.  You will be
greeted by my maid Monique.  You are not to converse with her, but
you must follow her instructions.  You will know when I join you.

                              -Captain

Dianne had pulled her car to the side of the road just before the
bridge crossing.  The distant Villa stood in silhouette against a 
blue sky.  A narrow road wound down the hill to the bridge.  On
either side lovely old Dogwood trees were in full bloom.  All she
could see beckoned her to take the last step of her journey.  She
read the last part of the instructions again....."you must follow
her instructions."

Up to this point, Dianne had followed her instructions.  She wore
a peach colored summer dress with bloused sleeves and a low neck-
line.  White high heels, white nylons, a white half-bra and blue
silk panties over a white garterbelt completed her attire as
instructed.  Her long brunette hair was let out and fell below her
shoulders.  The half-bra was a new experience.  She checked again
to see if her nipples were still inside the dress.  The bra held
her breasts out in accent against the dress.  She had laughed at
first, but now she noticed her nipples had hardened and she found
pleasure in the feeling.

Once across the bridge, she knew she would continue to the Villa
and to whatever Captain had planned for her.  Dianne knew why she
was here and that gave rise to excitement she had never felt -not
even as a young teenager when lust was new and overpowering. 
Still she hesitated.  It was all so crazy.  She had only his three
letters and a single phone call to judge him.  She had never seen
him and did not even know his name.  Over the last two weeks Dianne
had swung between the fear and the fantasy of her secret seducer.
The phone call last night had changed all that.  As she listened to
him the fear vanished and the fantasy began to take form and promise.
She felt he would not hurt her.  Not physically.  Dianne wanted to  
believe in him.  She wanted to live this fantasy.  She needed to  
believe him.   
                                                     
Dianne started the car and drove across the bridge.               

* * * *

Susan found herself lost in thought over the activities of the last
week.  She turned her head toward the open french doors which led
from her bedroom to the pool and garden beyond.  "I have died and
gone to heaven.  Last Thursday I'm taking my final exam and one week
to the day I'm here in this beautiful Villa."  She knew the Captain
was rich, but this was totally unexpected.  She knew him as a friend
or her family and vaguely remembered some of his visits.  The offer
to spend a few weeks this summer as his guest had come as a complete
but welcome surprise.  She knew of no family relationship with the
Captain and, was sonewhat taken by surprise when the Captain had
introduced her to the staff as his neice.

The dip in the pool had relaxed her body and mind.  This would be a
good time to catch up on the sleep lost during exam week.  But the
wet bikini would have to go.  Susan sat up in bed and reached for
the clip on her bikini top.  Removing the top she again lay back
and raised her hips as she pulled off her scanty bottom.  The air
felt cool on her breasts as she tried to rub away the clammy feeling
of wet skin.  Not being very successful, Susan got up and went to the
bureau for some baby powder.  Standing before the large ornate wall
mirror, she administered the soothing talc with slow caressing
fingertips.  At 18, she was just beginning to develop the body of a
mature young woman.  But for Susan the progress was slow and hardly
visible.  Her slender hips were no larger than when she was 15.  But
her breasts gave her greatest concern.  They still seemed so small  
compared to her friends.  Pert and firm they stuck out and upward in
much the same way they had in Junior High.  She cupped them against
the measure of her palms.  They were larger.  And they no longer   
pointed off in opposite directions.  But they still thrust out and
upward to sharp little points.
                                                                    
Susan turned her attention and the powder to the dampness between her
thighs.  Arching her knees outward in turn, she patted the tender lips
and folds between her legs.  Having finished, she slipped on clean
panties and turned her attention to the mirror.  Framed in a carved
wood, it stood seven feet high and three wide.  The glass gave a  
deep blue glow and a strange clarity.  She felt like she could step  
through it.  A mirror like Alice had.  Susan ran her fingers over
the glass..........."Ouch!"  Susan jumped back as a long blue spark
shot from the mirror to her fingertips.........."Did I scare you my
child?"  Susan grabbed a blanket from the bed and ran to the door.
"No, please don't go."....Susan hesitated and wrapped the blanket
about her.  "OK.  Whose in here playing games?"...."I am." came the
voice from the mirror.  "But I want you to play too.  Please come
back and talk to me.  I won't hurt you again."
        
* * * *
                                                                    
"Oh my Captain.  Do you think she will believe this little fantasy?
In a small hidden room behind the mirror, Captain and his maid      
Monique watched Susan as she stood ready to flee the room.  Captain 
gave a passing thought to the question.  "Of course she will not
believe in a talking mirror.  But she has the curiousity and the
imagination of the young.  If we do not scare her, she will enter
into this little game because it amuses her to do so.  For now, that
is all I wish.  Once the game is joined, the mirror will introduce our
young guest to her budding sensuality and,  I can assure you my dear
Monique...she WILL believe in that."..."Ah my Captain.  You are very
wicked to fool her so.  But I love this little game too.  Look she is
coming back to the mirror.....Oh yes....See her coy little smile....
She is so beautiful....ahhh....Yes!  She is a curious one this one."
Captain stood behind Monique and took in the figure of his young niece
as she approached the mirror.  A coy smile indeed.  The look on Susan's
face gave Captain the assurance he needed.  "Yes.  It amuses her to do
so."  Captain reached for the hem of Monique's little maid dress and
slowly brought the garmet over her head.  Captain smiled in appreciation
as he checked Monique for compliance with the dress code - white high heels,
white nylons, a white half-bra and blue silk panties over a white garterbelt.
He thought of the day...soon to be...when he would stand behind Susan on the
other side of the mirror.  Captain reached forward beneath Monique's arms
and let his fingertips toy with Monique's nipples.

* * * *                                                             
                                                                   
TO BE CONTINUED IN FREE2.TXT.............                         
--
