Archive-name: Bondage/friday.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Friday


It was Friday afternoon and it had been a long hard week at work.  
I had also been dumped by my girlfriend for an investment banker 
from New York.  I was driving home when I decided to stop at the 
store to rent a movie.  I was tense and I decided to get an X-Rated 
movie.  I got something I normally would not have, a bondage film.  
I left and went home and started watching the film and was completely 
aroused.  My member stood at full attention during the movie.  Men 
were being dominated and whipped into frenzy by beautiful Mistresses.  
At the end of the movie there was a phone number to call if you would 
like to experience such sexual pleasure.  I was so excited, that I called 
right away.  I got a sweet voiced woman named Jenny.  She said that they 
would start me off on something very gentle, but boy was that a lie.  So 
they gave me directions to a ranch type place about 70 miles away.  
I drove there as quick as I could, I could hardly stand the excitement, 
I came in my pants on the way there.  
    
I got there and drove down to the entrance and got out and went in.  
Jenny was at the desk and said have a seat for a few minutes.  So I 
waited and in about 10 minutes a red-headed perfect 10 woman named 
Susan came and took me in a small room and she said you must wait 
here 2 hours to see if you can stand the torture you will receive.  
Before I could say anything, she stripped me of my clothes, chained 
my hands to restraints hanging from the ceiling, chained my leggs 
to the floor, and gagged and blindfolded me.
    
I thought what have I gotten into as I heard her close the door.  
I stood there in pain for what seemed like eternity, and finally 
someone came in and unchained me and put handcuffs on my hands and 
feet and took me to another room.  There I was introduced to Mistress 
Andrea.  She ordered me on my knees, and instructed me to address her 
as Mistress Andrea, and only when asked to do so.  I did as she said 
and she took off my gagg and blindfold.  She then said I am going to 
turn you into a woman.  
    
She told me to lie flat and she shaved all the hair from my legs, 
arms, and chest.  She then put a corset on me that was so tight I 
could hardly breathe.  She put breast inserts in my corset and then 
took the whip and hit me really hard across the ass, she said just 
a taste of what you'll get if you resist.  By this time my dick was 
rock hard, she said I see that and if it goes off before I wish you 
will get a beating you'll never forget.  She then gave me a pair of 
fishnet hose and ordered me to put them on.  I put them on and tried 
to fasten them to the garters, and she whipped me once more for taking 
so long.  Then she took a butt-plug and shoved it in my ass.  Then she 
put me in a special chair and strapped my neck to the top as well as my 
arms and leggs.  She then put long fingernails on my hands and painted 
them red.  She also put makeup on my face.  I wanted to resist, but for 
some reason I was really enjoying it.  She then put a brown long wig on me.  
She put a pair of 5 inch stilleto black heels on my feet and unchained me 
and put a leash on my neck and put me in a straight jacket and chained my 
feet.  She said I'm going to take a break for a while, Susan is going 
to chain you to the bed and suck your dick, If you come I will beat you 
so don't come.  I thought oh shit I was already about to cumm now.  

Susan took the straight jacket off and chained my hands and feet to the 
bed as tight as she could.  Susan asked me how gullible I could be to 
believe that this would be easy and not rough, but before I could answer, 
she stuck a vibrator the shape of a dick in my mouth and get used to it, 
you will have to do that next.  She put a mask over my head to hold the 
vibrator in place, and put nipple clipps on my nipples under the pressure 
of the corset ouch!!

She then said I never get to whip anyone and she took the whip and struck 
me on the thighs till I was about to die.  She then begin sucking my dick 
and it was about to burst, I shot forth in a blasting like motion, and 
I thought oh no more pain.  She continued to suck and I continued to cumm.  
My whole body was shaking.  

Then Mistress Andrea walked in and said I was in big trouble now.  She took 
Susan and chained her to the wall and said I'll let him deal with you you 
were only supposed to suck his dick.

She put me on a wheel and I was still masked and still had the vibrator in 
my mouth, she chained my midsection,hands,and feet and started turning the 
wheel, and I became dizzy very quickly.  She then started whipping me with 
a long leather whip with knots at the ends of the strands.  She hit me 
several times across the legs, and the louder I screamed the harder she 
hit.  Remember I am still wearing the corset, mask, vibrator, butt plug, 
nipple clips, stockings and heels, so when the whip hit and I squirmed 
it made all those things intensly painful.  She then stopped the wheel, 
put me on it backwards, so she could whip my ass.  She beat me till I 
nearly bled.  

She finally got tired and let me down and untied me, I came out of that 
gettup and took Andrea and Susan who were wearing latex bodysuits with open 
nipples and crotches, and shoved a vibrator up each of their asses and 
chained them both to the restraits hanging from the ceiling, and gagged 
and masked them both, I still had on the corset, stockings, and heels, 
I kinda liked the way they felt.  I whipped them both.  They were screaming 
with pleasure, then I shoved my rock hard member into their dripping 
wet pussys, I started with Susan and banged her hard, she cried for me 
to stop, but I gave her more, and I did the same to Andrea.  So when all 
was done, I told them I would let them go on one condition, that they be 
my slaves, and so they are, and I punish them if they misbehave.

--
