Copyright © 1997,  Aaron Angst.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






"My Best Friend's Mom"
Author: Aaron Angst

	Stevie and I were best friends growing up. We were pals, but one of the main
reasons I hung out with him so much was because of his mother, Margie.
Margie was 26
years older than I was, but I was in love with her from the day I first met
her. She was tall
- about 5'7 - with long, slender sexy legs. Her hair was always bleached
blond, kept fairly
short and always perfect. She had beautiful green eyes and those wonderful
tits! Ah, those
wonderful tits! They weren't huge, but they seemed so perfect to a young boy
of 15.
Every time I would be at Stevie's house, I would ogle Margie, hoping not to
be seen by
here (or anyone else).
	Stevie and I did alot together, like most young kids. As we reached puberty, we
talked alot about sex and jerking off. One day we were up in his room and we
started to
play with one another. We both had hard ons and I took Stevie's dick in my
hand and
jerked him off. He came in just a few seconds. It felt kind of weird doing
it, but it was
strangely enjoyable. After all, it was something different than jerking off
(which I did quite
frequently). I even sucked his cock one time, but let it go just before he
came. he loved it
and I must admit, I kind of liked the feeling of sucking dick. Now, I wasn't
gay and never
"turned" gay. It was just a nice sexual experience for a kid growing up.
What I really
wanted to do was to fuck his mother.
	Margie really turned me on and I jerked off thinking about her many, many
times.
Once, while Stevie went to take a leak, I went into her bathroom ( I told
her I had to go,
too, so she said to use it). I flipped open the hamper with her dirty
clothes and pulled out a
pair of panties. I sniffed them and could smell her pussy all over them. I
stuffed them in my
pants and, when I got home that day, jerked off while I sniffed her panties.
It was one of
the great treasures of my life. 
	I guess Margie realized that I was hot for her, because all of a sudden it
seemed as
if she were TRYING to let me catch a glimpse of some private part of her. We
were
sitting in the kitchen one time, Margie was wearing just one of those house
dresses and
working in the kitchen. She dropped something, bent down in front of me to
pick it up and
when she did, I got great shot of her tits beneath her dress. As she arose,
she looked me
straight in the eyes, knowing that I had just seen her tits and she just
smiled. I was
embarrassed, but managed to smile back at her. 
	I had overheard her talking to my mother about their sex lives and remember
Margie telling my mom that she hardly ever had sex with her husband anymore.
She said
she was getting pretty horny and had bought a dildo. They laughed and I ran
to ask a
friend of mine what a dildo was. I thought to myself, "Wow, I could give her
something
better than a dildo!" 
	There were a few more episodes with Margie when I saw either her tits or a
quick
glimpse of some pussy hair. We were sitting in their den one time (Me and
Stevie). Margie
walked in. She was wearing this white blouse and a fairly short skirt with
stockings. her
legs looked so hot, I got a hard on right away. She sat down across from me
and next to
Stevie. We chatted a little bit and then she did it. I swear she did it for
me. She crossed her
legs and as she did, her skirt lifted high enough for me to catch a little
pussy shot of her. I
could see her panties and a little hair sticking out from underneath. She
saw me staring
and smiled back at me again. She asked Stevie to go get her a drink and when
he got up
she looked at me and, I'll never forget her words, she said to me. "You
know, you are
turning into quite a handsome young men. Very sexy, too." She smiled and
laughed. I
blushed and thanked her. I wondered if she could see that I had a huge hard
on. She asked
if I wanted to spend the night at their house. Her husband was out of town
and she said
that Stevie AND her would love to have me stay over. I said sure. She said
she would call
my mom and ask her if it was okay. I wondered if she had had some reason for
asking me
to stay. I fantasized that she would lure me to her bed and let me fuck her
all night.
	We talked a little more before Stevie came back in. She asked if I had a
girlfriend
and I told her no. "Young, virile boys like you should be going out with
girls, don't you
think?" She smiled ever so coyly. I agreed with her but told her that I
hadn't met anyone. I
got a little bold and told her that I liked older women because they seemed
so much more
mature. She grinned as I said that and replied, "Oh, really? How much
older?" She seemed
very interested in my reply, but before I could, Stevie was back in the room
with her drink
and she said, "We'll talk more later." She got up, took her drink, told
Stevie that I was
sleeping over and that I could sleep in the guest room. Stevie was happy and
we took off
and played some games together.
	Now the way the house was set up, there were 2 floors. Stevie's room was on the
second floor and the guest room was on the first....so was Margie's bedroom.
There was
room in Stevie's room for both of us, but Margie had said I could sleep in
the guest room.
She explained to Stevie that I probably wanted a room to myself and I'd be more
comfortable there. We all agreed, though I was thinking that maybe Margie
really DID
have some plans for me that evening. I couldn't wait to go to sleep.
	Margie cooked us dinner - spaghetti and meatballs, my favorite. Off and on
through dinner I would sneak a peek at her, lustfully, and she would catch
my glimpse and
return it. Once she winked at me and smiled. I nearly came in my pants.
Being 15 years
old, it was difficult to determine if she were making sexual glances or just
being friendly,
which she always was. I wondered if I was reading something into her smiles
that just
wasn't there. Stevie and I played out in the yard after dinner and, finally,
it was time to get
ready for bed. Stevie and I went to his room for awhile. I think he wanted
me to jerk him
off, but I acted as if I were tired and told him no. We said goodnight and I
went
downstairs. Margie was still up and she was sitting in the den watching TV.
"Going to
bed?" she asked me. She looked so good sitting there, her hair perfect, her
legs long and
sexy. "I guess so," I answered, hoping she would ask me to stay. She did.
"Wanna watch
some TV?" She patted her hand on the sofa next to her and motioned me to sit
down and
join her. I didn't have to be asked twice. Now I was wearing my pajamas and
if I was to
get a hard on, there was little I could do to not let it be seen. I tried my
hardest, no pun
intended. 
	I sat there, a little uneasy, watching some program on TV. Margie lit up a
cigarette
and started to puff away as she watched. I was more interested in her than
the TV. I shot
an occasional glance her way and she would smile sweetly at me. I still
couldn't read her
signs, so I just bidded my time.
	She finished her cigarette and stood up, straightening out her skirt which had
ridden up a little revealing a little more of her thigh to me. I looked
longingly at her legs.
They were gorgeous. "I'm going to hop in the shower. You just stay here and
watch some
TV, okay, sweetie?" She announced. I loved the way she called me sweetie. "Make
yourself comfortable." She turned, and walked towards her room, which was in
direct
view of my seat in the den. I watched her walk away, her ass swaying as she
walked. I
wondered if she was swaying that pretty ass for me. She disappeared inside
the room, but,
incredibly, she didn't close the door completely. Now I know she knew that I
could see
inside of her room from where I sat. I forgot about the TV and stared into
the room,
wondering if I would get a glimpse of Margie as she undressed and took a
shower. My
patience was rewarded soon after.
	First, all I saw was her blouse tossed on the bed, then her bra, then her
skirt and
finally, those sexy, pink panties she had on. The panties missed the bed and
fell to the
floor. I knew she was now totally naked and I figured she would jump in the
shower and I
would never get to see her nude. Boy, was I wrong! My hand was on my cock,
my hard,
throbbing cock, when she passed in front of the open door. It was just for a
moment as
she walked to the other side of the room where she apparently had her towel.
She never
looked my way and I wondered if she knew that I had seen her. She must have,
I thought.
She knew I could see in there. I waited for what seemed like an eternity
until she crossed
over the room once again to the bathroom. This time, she stopped, right in
full view of my
probing eyes. Her back was to me and I could see her ass fully. She had a
beautiful ass.
She put her hand over one cheek and rubbed her ass as I watched, eyes fixed
on her. She
bent down to pick up the fallen panties and I could see her tits swaying as
she picked them
up. Her tits were beautiful from what I could see and I was totally
entranced by this
gorgeous woman.It was then, as I was totally fixed on her, that she turned
around towards
me.
	She stood up, holding her panties in her hand. I could see her bush
completely, her
tits completely, her whole naked body completely. My jaw dropped and my eyes
must
have been bulging from their sockets. She just stood there as if she were
watching my
reaction. I was both embarrassed and enchanted. She made no attempt to cover
herself up
or to move away, she just stood there for a moment allowing me to take in that
wonderfully sexy 40 year old body. My dick was ready to fall off as I stared
at her. I had
never seen a real naked woman before and this was everything and more that I
had hoped
it would be. 
	I'm sure it was only a couple of seconds that she stood there, but it
seemed like an
eternity and I burned that view into my mind forever. If this were all I
would ever get from
Margie, I said to myself that it would be enough, but it really wasn't and,
thank goodness,
it wasn't all I would get. She gave me a broad, toothy smile, looked me
directly in my eyes
and turned away from the door and headed to the shower. Unfortunately, one
good look
at her was all I would get.......at least THAT night.
	I kept one eye on the TV and one on the door, waiting for another glimpse of
Margie, but there was to be none. She finished her shower, got into her
nightgown (which
wasn't sheer) and came out to the den, where I was still sitting. She smiled
at me
knowingly, but not saying anything about what had happened. "I'm going to
sleep," she
yawned. She walked towards me as if she wanted to hug me goodnight, so I
obliged her.
She pressed her arms around me, leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.
"Goodnight."
she whispered in what I made out to be a very loving tone. "Good night, Mrs.
Krown."
She headed off to the bedroom, closed the door and that was all I saw of her
that night.
Eventually, I got to sleep after much thinking about what had happened. Of
course, I had
to jerk off with the vision of her naked body fresh in my mind.
	The next couple of weeks were filled with secret glances and secret smiles
whenever I would see her, which was as often as I could. Later on I would
realize that
what had happened was a test. She wanted to see if I would say anything to
either her,
Stevie or my mother, which, of course, I never did. Several weeks later I
would be
rewarded for my ability to keep a secret.
	My parents had been planning a trip for quite some time and we made
arrangements for me to spend the 4 days they would be away at Stevie's
house. it seemed
like forever waiting for those 4 days, but they finally arrived. Stevie's
dad was in show
business and he was often away. I hoped he would be gone for those 4 days.
he was home
the first night, but would be leaving the next day. That first night, I
slept in Stevie's room.
Stevie, it appeared, was becoming increasingly interested in fucking other
guys. As it
turned out in later years, Stevie was gay, and still is today. We are still
friends, but being
gay is not my thing, so we really haven't been close in a long, long time.
Anyway, we were
up in his room, playing with our passion as 15 year old boys - baseball
cards. It was
almost 11 o'clock and we decided to get undressed ang get to bed. We were
both in our
underwear and I could see Stevie had a hard on. "Let's fool around, David."
I really
wasn't interested, I was more involved thinking about his mother. he came
over to my bed
and sat down beside me, putting his hand on my cock. I let him slip his hand
inside my
underwear and he began stroking my cock. He slipped off his underwear and I
grabbed his
and we jerked each other off. But that wasn't going to be enough for Stevie
that night. He
lay down beside me and slid down so that he could suck my cock. I must admit
it felt
good having my cock sucked...even by my best friend. I came in no time and
Stevie
swallowed my cum. I thought that was disgusting and when I blew him and he
came, I just
ran to the bathroom and spit it out.
	He wanted to fuck me in the ass, but I wouldn't let him. I thought to
myself the
only person I would ever let fuck me in the ass would be Stevie's mom with
that dildo
strapped between her legs. He turned over, put his ass to my face and asked
me to fuck
him. I started to put my dick to his ass and then decided not to. I was
turned off by the
whole thing and I told him that I really wasn't into this. he said he
understood and I told
him not to be embarrassed. I also told him that we were still best buds. He
gave me a hug
and we eventually got to sleep. I told him that I was going to sleep in the
guest room for
the rest of my stay there. He understood and went to sleep. Of course, the
real reason I
wanted to sleep in the guest room was that I hoped that maybe I could see
Stevie's mom
naked again.
	Stevie's dad took off the next morning and it was just the 3 of us now. I later
found out that his dad had been fucking alot of women he met while he was on
the road
and that was why him and Margie didn't fuck very much anymore. Margie and I
exchanged occasional smiles and secret glances throughout the day, but I
spent most of it
with Stevie. I waited until it was time to go to sleep. Mrs. Krown knew I
was going to
sleep in the guest room. I told her that I didn't sleep well in the bed in
Stevie's room. I
wasn't really tired when Mrs. Krown said it was time for us to go t0o bed,
but I did as she
said. Stevie went up to his room, and I lay in my bed tossing and turning,
thinking only of
Mrs.' Krown. About an hour later, I heard the door swing open in my room. It
was Mrs.
Krown.
	"Are you asleep, David?" she whispered.	
	"No!" I answered quickly. It was dark and I could barely make out the shadow of
my fantasy woman there in the doorway. 
	"Mind if I come in?" She asked.
	"No. Of course not, Mrs. Krown." I sat up in the bed. All I had on was a
pair of
underwear. I kept the covers over me as I shimmied up, head rested against the
headboard.
Mrs. Krown walked over to the bed and sat down beside me. She stroked her hand
through my hair and whispered softly to me, "Thank You, David."
	"For what?" I asked inquisitively.
	"For not saying anything about the last time you slept over. Uh, you
didn't, did
you?"
	Of course I knew exactly what she was talking about.
	"Oh, that! I would never say anything, Mrs. Krown."
	"I know you wouldn't," she replied sweetly. She looked at me and I looked back.
There was a silent moment and then she put her hand on my chin, thumb on one
side, 4
fingers on the other and held it as she leaned over and kissed me squarely
on the lips. It
wasn't like other kisses we had exchanged. Those were friendly, motherly
type kisses (at
least on her part). This was a REAL kiss. Tender, sensual, erotic. No
tongue, just a firm,
tender kiss on the lips. It was incredible. I don't think I will ever forget
that kiss as long as
I live. I was in love with Mrs. Krown at that moment.
	"That was nice," she sighed. She leaned over and kissed me again. It was
just as
tender and loving as the first one. I felt her sigh deeply as we kissed. She
took her hand
from my chin and placed it behind my head. As we drew apart, she nudged my head
towards her breast. I lay my head against her warm, covered tit and I could
feel it against
my cheek. She wasn't wearing a bra and I just lay against her silently.
	I managed to begin to whisper, "Mrs. Krown, I....." "Sssshhh, "she spoke as she
put her fingers to my lips to quiet me. "Don't speak." She rubbed my back as
she sidled up
next to me in the bed, pressing me harder against her almost naked breast. I
was so
nervous because I wasn't sure what to do, but she knew that and tried to
comfort me.
	"Have you ever been with a girl before, David?"
	"Not really," I answered honestly.
	She laughed easily. I loved that laugh of hers. "I wasn't sure. Don't
worry, I will
guide you, okay?" she cradled me in her arms and, for a moment, I had the
feeling I was
lying there with my own mother. After all, Mrs. Krown had been like a mother
to me all of
my life. She sat up and pulled her nightshirt over her head, revealing the
most beautiful tits
I'd ever seen. of course, they were the only tits I'd ever seen for real. I
stared at her tits as
she watched me, tossing the shirt to the floor. She had on a pair of
panties. She watched
me watch her and finally she said to me, "Go ahead, touch them. They won't
bite," she
smiled.
	I gently caressed her breast with my hand. They were soft and warm. It felt so
good to touch her breasts finally. Her nipples were dark brown and they must
have stuck
out 3/4 of an inch. I thought for a moment how lucky Stevie was to have
breast fed from
those beautiful nipples. I touched them uneasily, not really knowing how to
please Mrs.
Krown and that was what I wanted most. She helped me, though, and told me to
rub her
nipples with my fingers. "Gently, honey. Gently." She cautioned me. She lay
back as she
felt secure with the way I was handling those precious tits of hers. I put
my lips to them
and began to kiss them. I was going wild. I started to suck on her nipples
and I must have
bit too hard, because she jerked back and let out a little scream. "Easy,
baby. Just relax."
She calmed me. She let me play with her tits for several minutes as she lay
back and
enjoyed my touch. I was ready to just ram my dick in her and shoot a big
load up her
pussy, but I let her be the boss. I decided that whatever she wanted, I
would do. I was
already in love with Mrs. Krown.
	"David," she softly spoke, "You just don't know what a lonely lady I am. You
know, I've had my eye on you for quite some time, but wasn't sure how you
would react
to this. I don't want you to do anything that you don't feel comfortable
with. If' you'd like
me to leave, I will, OK?" She looked at me with the most unbelievable puppy
dog eyes
you've ever seen. I told her that I was quite happy being there with her and
then I told
HER how much I thought about her. Of course, I didn't tell her about all the
times I
jerked off thinking about her.
	She raised herself up, her tits flapping side to side. She got off of the
bed and for a
moment I thought she was leaving, but she stood up and began to slowly draw
her panties
down from her waist. I waited anxiously to see her hairy pussy. She stood
there in front of
me, totally naked, totally beautiful and let me stare at her. She was proud
of her figure.
For a woman her age, she was in great shape. She kept herself that way in
hopes of saving
her marriage, but, as I later found out, it would do no good. She and Mr.
Krown would
get divorced in another year. She ran her fingers through her hair and then
she put her
fingers on her hairy bush and played with herself for a few moments. My dick
was ready to
explode. She climbed back on the bed and pulled the covers down from my
waist. "Lay
back" she whispered. I did and she proceeded to slip off my underwear as I
lay there. My
cock was hard and, for a 15 year old, was pretty big. At least she was
impressed, and that
was all that mattered. She rubbed my thighs with her hands and then touched
my aching
cock. I craned my neck so that I could see her as she touched me. her hand
slipped around
the shaft of my cock and she began to slowly slide it up and down. it wasn't
like when
Stevie jerked me off, it was much better. She slipped her hand over my balls
and held them
in her hand. 
	She saw that I was about to cum and she quickly put her mouth to my ready cock.
That was all I could take and I shot a load into her mouth. She moaned as I
came into her
lips and she swallowed my cum easily. She licked her lips and held my cock
for a few
more moments. Man, I couldn't believe my best friend's mother had just
sucked my cock
and swallowed my cum. She rubbed my chest smoothly and lovingly. her tits
swayed from
side to side, a smile across her pretty face. She leaned over and kissed me
on the chest,
then she kissed my nipples, one at a time, and then she kissed me on the
lips. This time,
though, she slipped her tongue between my lips. I kissed her back and our
tongues
entwined. She lay over my chest, her tits pressed against me and I embraced
her tightly. I
felt the warm, tender skin of her back and slipped my hands over her ass and
pressed
tightly against her cheeks. She rolled over, taking me with her and I ended
up on top of
her. My dick was already hard again and she wanted me to fuck her badly. She
slid her
hand between our bodies and grabbed my dick and guided it to her crotch.
	She rubbed the head of my dick against her clit for several moments and then
slipped me inside her. When I did, she heaved a great sigh as my cock
slipped in her warm,
wet cunt. It was an unbelievable feeling being inside a cunt for the first
time. I had
imagined this moment for so long and now it was finally happening. To make
things even
more erotic, I was doing it with my friend's mother! I knew I was in heaven.
	I started to thrust my cock deeper inside her and with each thrust, she would
breath a little deeper and moan. I was going like a rocket out of control
when she grasped
my shoulders and pushed me back a bit. "Whoa, cowboy! It's not a contest to
see how
fast you can go. A woman likes it smooth and easy. Like this," and she
pulled me in and
out in a much easier pace than I had been going. What did I know anyway?
This was my
first time and I was only 15. Of course, Mrs. Krown knew this and
understood. She had
alot of patience with me that first time.
	I never knew how good it felt to fuck. I had only imagined before this. It was
great. As I settled down to a nice easy, smooth pace of fucking, Mrs. Krown
started to
touch her clit with her fingers. In a few moments she was cumming. Her
breathing got real
deep and I could hear her moaning with each passing second of arousal. When
she came,
she grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled me tight against her. My cock
was as deep
inside her as it could go and I was ready to cum, too. I let it go in a hot
flurry of passion
that probably will never be duplicated as long as I live. I wrapped my arms
around her, she
around me and she felt my warm cum explode inside her. She closed her eyes
and we held
each other tightly, then we kissed. It was hot and passionate, deep and
lustful. I was madly
in love with Mrs. Krown.
	As we finished cumming, we lay there for a moment, me on top of her, my head
against her neck, her arms wrapped around me holding me passionately. I was
totally out
of energy for the moment. My cock softened up and fell limply from Mrs.
Krown's hot
pussy. I could see some of my cum dripping from her hairy bush to the sheets
below. I slid
over beside her, she turned towards me and hugged me. She ran her hands
through my
hair, stroking me softly. She was a wonderful lady. We lay there together,
lovers
now...and forever....saying nothing, basking in the glow of the fantastic
sexual experience.
At that point, nothing really needed to be said. I slipped off to a
dream-filled sleep. When I
awoke, Mrs. Krown was no longer in bed with me.
	I awoke late the next morning. I awoke with a broad smile and a wonderful
memory of having sex with my best friend's mother. I lay in bed reliving
each wonderful
moment as it had unfolded. When I finally got out of bed, Stevie and Mrs.
Krown....ah,
Mrs. Krown....Margie....my lover....were sitting in the kitchen eating
breakfast. 
	"Well, well!" smiled Mrs. Krown. "Looks like you had a good night's sleep", she
smiled knowingly at me. I returned the smile and answered that I did sleep
well. She
offered me some breakfast. I was starving. I watched her as she prepared it
and constantly
thought of her lying naked next to me, my cock inside of her. I made some
small talk with
Stevie and started planning on how I could get rid of him so I could fuck
his mother again.
I felt a little guilty about it, after all Stevie WAS my best friend, but
all I could think about
was that beautiful mother of his. 
	Stevie and I hung out after breakfast for awhile. It was Saturday morning and
Stevie always went to Temple on Saturday mornings. I wasn't religious,
neither was my
family and I had no intention of going. Mrs. Krown usually took him. Stevie
asked me to
go. "C'mon, we'll have fun!" he pleaded. "Nah, I hate going to Temple. If
it's okay with
your mom, I think I'll hang around and maybe watch some TV or something." Mrs.
Krown nodded her okay and Stevie went to get ready for Temple. We were alone
for the
first time since last night.
	"How's my little cowboy feeling this morning," she said to me. "GREAT!" I
responded enthusiastically. "That's good. I'm feeling pretty good myself!" I
felt this
warmness flowing through my body. It was love. I was in love for the first
time in my life
and it felt wonderful. I ate my breakfast as she went about her business in
the kitchen.
Stevie walked in all dressed and ready to go. "C'mon, mom. I'm ready to go."
	"Uh, Stevie. would you mind very much if I didn't take you this morning?
I've got
an awful lot of things to do and I really want to get them done this
morning. You can walk
to Temple. It's not that far honey." 
	"Geez, mom. Okay." He said, a bit annoyed, but listening to his mother like the
good little boy he was. I just watched, thrilled that she was sending him
off for us to be
alone together. As Stevie walked out the door, she waited until he was down
the street,
turned to me, put out her arms and said, "Come here, cowboy." I ran to her
arms and we
hugged each other. I felt the warmness of her body against mine and basked
in the feeling
of holding her. I was almost as tall as her and I lifted my head slightly to
kiss her. We
kissed, mouths open, tongues dancing upon one another. She took my hand and
let me to
her bedroom. 
	"Sit down." she demanded, pointing to the bed, still unmade. I sat and
watched her
as she undid her blouse, button by button, as if she were performing for me.
As she took
off her blouse she looked into my ogling eyes and told me that she wanted to
teach me
how to make love. She wanted to teach me how to please a woman the way a woman
wanted to be pleased. As she slipped off her skirt she said, "You know, my
darling, you
can't just hop onto a woman, do your business and then hop off again. Have
you ever
heard of foreplay?" I said I did, but I really didn't know what it was all
about. I had been a
virgin until last night and I still wanted to think of myself as this macho
stud who knew
everything. She was wise to me, though. She was standing there in a bra and
panties and
looked so fine. She walked over to me, put her fingers over my belt and
began to undo it.
She slipped off my pants and my underwear, my young cock hard and ready. 
	She touched me, caressed my balls, stared knowingly at my hard member and
began to slide her fingers up and down. I was really surprised when she bent
over and put
her lips over the head of my cock. I sat back, arms gripping the bed and
watched her as
she gave me my first blowjob (by a woman, that is!). I was in total heaven
as she sucked
my cock so easily. She made me cum in no time at all and groaned with
pleasure as I came
in her mouth. Her lips remained on my cock as she sucked up all of the cum I had
released. 
	When she finished, she arose, wiped some cum from her lips, kissed me on the
forehead and walked over to the bathroom, got a towel and wiped the cum from
her. She
walked back over to me, lying back on the bed. "Did you like that?" she
asked, knowing
full well the answer. "Wow," was all I could muster. "Now it's my turn," she
smiled as she
lay down on the bed, put her knees up, raised her lovely ass and pulled down
her panties,
revealing a dark, hairy, beautiful bush. She took her fingers and slipped
her pussy lips
apart, beckoning me between her waiting legs. 
	I had never eaten pussy before and was a real amateur until she taught me
exactly
what and how to do it. I'll never forget the smell of her pussy that first
time I ate her. It
was intoxicating. She held my head against her dripping cunt as she guided
me through my
first pussy eating. She pointed out her clit and explained how that was
where the REAL
action was. She taught me how to make her cum, which I did a number of times
that first
session. I learned to tell just when to speed up and when to slow down. She
taught me
how to tell when a woman was about to cum. She explained and taught it all
to me and I
was an excellent, willing student. One thing she didn't tell me and that was
how much I
would fall in love with her.
	We began to have sex on a pretty regular basis, Margie and I. She was all I
could
think about and I seemed to be going through life in a daze. My parents
noticed it, my
friends noticed it (including Stevie) but no one ever found out about it. My
mom even
noticed changes in Margie. I would always try and listen to what they were
talking about
when they would get together. I heard my mother say to her one time, "Marge,
you seem
so much happier lately." I beamed with pride, knowing that I was the cause
for her feeling
so good. Then I almost choked when mom said to her, "What is it? do you have a
boyfriend?" Margie laughed. I figured she certainly wouldn't tell my mother
that she was
fucking her son. It got quiet and I pricked up my ears, waiting for
something. "Jean,"
Margie spoke in a low tone, "Can you keep a secret?" "Of course I can," My
mom replied.
"You know I wouldn't tell a soul."
	"Good," Margie replied. "I've been seeing someone.
	I freaked when she said that. I had visions of what would come next. Uh,
Jean, I'm
fucking your son, David. He's a great fuck and his little dick feels so good
inside of me.
You don't mind, do you? 
	What she really told mom was that she had met someone who was very sweet to
her. Of course mom, being nosy as she was, asked if she were sleeping with
him. "Well,
yes." she replied. "He's so wonderful, Jean." My mother was flipping out.
Her friend was
having an affair with someone, but as much as she tried to get her to reveal
who it was,
Margie kept our tryst a secret. She kept telling mom that it was someone she
didn't know.
Mom finally dropped it and told Margie that she was glad that she was happy.
Our secret
was safe.
	We fucked each other until I went off to college. I felt terrible about
being away
from her, but I had no choice. She would come to visit me once in awhile and
spend the
weekend with me. We'd fuck almost every minute we were together. I told her
I loved
her, and I truly did. Although she was old enough to be my mother, I wanted
to marry her.
She laughed when I told her that! "What do you think your parents would say
if you told
them that we were in love and wanted to marry? No, darling, things can never
be any less
secret than they are and have been." I think that she was in love with me as
well, but she
knew that nothing could ever come of it. 
	As I got older, moved away, had girlfriends and lovers, our times together got
fewer and fewer, but they were still so special to us both. Margie finally
got divorced and
was able to see me alittle more often. We would talk alot about Stevie and
how he had
turned gay. She had been so embarrassed, but I assured her that he was happy
and that
people make choices in their lives. She came to grips with it after several
years and she
and Stevie resumed as normal a relationship as could be expected. Both
Margie and I were
getting older, but the flame still was far from extinguished.
	When I found out that Margie had cancer, I was devastated. I wanted to spend
every last minute with her and help her through her pain and suffering. I
rarely got to see
her and, when she finally died, I was totally heartbroken. When I cried at
her funeral, my
mother thought that it was the sweetest thing. Of course, she didn't know
that I was
crying for a lost lover. Margie Krown had been my first lover. She taught me
everything I
knew about making love to a woman. I was madly in love with her and will
always hold a
place in my heart for her.




















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....