Archive-name: 3plus/friends.txt
Archive-author: Nicole
Archive-title: Nicole and Mary Play with John


The phone on your desk rings, and as you pick it up and move it 
to your ear, you can hear faint female giggling.

"John!"  you answer quickly like always.

"Hi hon.  Can you hurry home from work tonite?  There is someone here 
I'd like you to meet, and we have something special to share with 
you!  Don't be late love!"

You smile as you replace the phone on your desk, anticipating the 
nature of my surprise.  You glance at the clock -- 2 more hours.  A 
thought quickly passes through your mind as you recall the sound of 
my voice as I breathlessly said, "we have something special to share 
with you."  You indulge for a moment in a vision of a fantasy you 
recall telling me about long ago -- how you'd like to watch me make 
love to another woman, for your pleasure, and then share her with 
you.  Could that be what I had meant on the phone?  "No, she couldn't 
... or would she?" you muse.  Sigh!  You turn back to your work, 
willing the clock to move quickly through the next two hours.

*    *    *

As you enter the house, you can hear voices coming from the den, and 
you walk towards the room, hoping any evidence of anticipation of 
YOUR version of my surprise isn't apparent.  You are stunned as you 
walk into the room and see me and my guest -- we are both wearing 
dresses, very elegant and very sexy.  "Something is going on here," 
you say to yourself as you wonder if you were right earlier in the 
day.  You look at me with a question in your eyes.

Our eyes meet, and you can see many things there as I gaze at you -- 
excitement, love, mischief, and happiness.  I walk over to give you a 
warm hug and a kiss.  My hug seems more compelling than usual, and my 
lips linger a little longer than would seem appropriate in view of 
the fact that we have company.  It's as if I'm trying to tell you 
something with the touch of my body against yours.

"Oh John, I didn't hear you come in.  I want you to meet my friend, 
Mary Christine.  She and I were best friends all through grade school 
and high school.  You remember me mentioning her, don't you?"

As I speak, Mary walks over to where we are still standing in each 
other's arms.  I break away from you a bit and turn towards her, 
taking her hand in mine and pulling her close, until she's standing 
right in front of you.  She takes both of your hands in hers and you 
feel a strange shiver pass through your body.  She speaks to you in a 
soft, suggestive voice:  "John, I've heard SO much about you.  
Nicole has been sharing some interesting secrets with me."

You clear your throat in nervousness.  "WHAT is going on?" you 
wonder, and look at me again.

"John, wouldn't you like to take your two gorgeous dolls out to 
dinner and show us off?"  I'm wearing a pink silk dress--the blouse 
of the dress is pink lace and it's worn over an ivory white camisole. 
It's obvious I'm not wearing a bra, and you notice how it clings to 
the curves of my body you are so familiar with, and how the length of 
the skirt shows off my beautiful legs.  Mary's shapely legs are 
likewise exposed ... she's wearing a straight black skirt that 
buttons down the front and several buttons are undone.  Her matching 
blouse is dropped off the shoulders and is tailored to follow the 
curves of her breasts, where an ample display of decolletage is 
evident.  Her black outfit creates a stunning contrast to her nearly 
platinum blonde hair, and her skin is deeply tanned and glowing 
in the light of the room.

My use of the phrase "your two gorgeous dolls" has not gone unnoticed 
by you, but you still are not sure exactly what I'm up to.  "Sure, 
honey, I'd love to take you two beauties out to dinner.  I'll shower 
first and change."

*    *    *

Dinner is very pleasant and the time passes quickly as you become 
acquainted with my friend and we share conversation.  You can't help 
but notice the admiring glances and envy of all the males in the 
restaurant.  Mary seems very friendly, almost too much so, but you 
shrug it off to her delightful personality and the atmosphere of the 
restaurant and the evening.  I seem especially animated and the 
closeness of my body to yours as I sit beside you conveys to you a 
heightened aura of sensuality which you find very stimulating.  Your 
thoughts drift to a vision of your two dinner partners in various 
stages of undress, taking pleasure from each other's bodies.  My 
voice breaking through your reverie is like a caress, "John, why 
don't you take us home now?"

I slide close to you as you slip behind the driver's seat.  You can 
see Mary in the rear view mirror in the back seat.  I snuggle next to 
you, run my fingernails up the seam of your trousers, and whisper in 
your ear, "Honey, what would be a perfect ending to this evening? 
Hmmmmmm?"  You catch your breath ever so slightly as my fingertips 
brush over your cock and I rest my hand there and press gently, 
searching for your response.

Your eyes meet Mary's in the rear view mirror, and her gaze is 
compelling and strangely provocative.  She has heard my question.

"I want her, John, and she wants me.  Can I take her, love, while you 
watch?  Look at her John, she wants me, and she wants you.  We 
planned this evening for you.  I want to make love to her John, while 
you watch us, and when you can bear it no longer, she is yours, to 
take in any way you desire."  You groan out loud now, as my hand 
becomes more insistent, and my words penetrate your consciousness.  
Have you heard me correctly?  "Let's go home hon, we can't wait much 
longer."

*    *    *

By unspoken and mutual consent, we go into the bedroom when we arive 
home.  I ask Mary to sit on the side of the bed and I ask you to sit 
in the chair in the corner of the room.  I walk over and sit sideways 
in your lap and press my upper body against your chest.  I take one 
of your hands in mine and move it to my breasts and place it there, 
willing you to touch me, as my lips close over yours and I kiss you 
with passion, allowing my tongue to meet yours.  I know that Mary is 
watching us from her place on the bed.  I break the kiss and slide to 
the floor between your legs.  I know that you are hard with 
anticipation of the show you are soon to witness, and I loosen your 
belt and slide your zipper down, releasing your cock and taking it 
first in my hand, and then guiding it into my mouth.  I suck you 
gently a few moments, feeling you harden further against my tongue. 
I turn from my position on the floor to face Mary, and I ask her, 
"Do you want him Mary?"

She moves slightly on the bed as she becomes excited, and answers 
softly, "Yes Nicole."

"Tell him what you want Mary."

She looks directly at you, licks her lips slowly, and then says, "I 
want you John, I want you to fuck me, with your hard cock."

I stand beside you and gently stroke your hair with my hand.  I tell 
Mary, "I am John's babyslut, and I do everything I can to please him. 
I know he wants to see me make love to you.  If you want John, Mary, 
I am to have you first.  John always allows me what I want too, 
because I am good to him.  Do you want him enough, Mary, that I can 
have you first?"

Your hand has moved up my dress, and is stroking my inner thigh as I 
speak to Mary.  You can feel the heat between my legs, and already 
you can feel the wetness of my panties.  You are watching Mary as her 
excitement is becoming increasingly evident.  She wants you, and 
she'll let your babyslut make love to her first to have you!!

Mary moves seductively on the bed, parting her legs slightly, as she 
looks at both of us, and says, "I want you both, and I'll do anything 
for that."  Then she looks directly at you and says, "John, tonite you 
have two babysluts."

I bend down and give you another deep kiss, and whisper in your ear, 
"John, your babyslut is so excited.  I want her, and I want you to 
watch...then love, you can have her.  She's all yours and she wants 
you.  She's a babywhore too."  With a final, fleeting kiss to your 
now throbbing cock, I cross the room to sit beside Mary on the edge 
of the bed.

I first touch her hair, brushing it back from her shoulders, and then 
move my fingernails gently across the tops of her full breasts which 
are exposed above her blouse.  I place my hand over one of her 
breasts and press lightly, feeling it fill my hand, then move my hand 
down her side, allowing it to come to rest on her hip.  I brush my 
lips across her cheek, seeking her lips.  The tips of our tongues 
meet, and we slowly taste each other.  We drop back against the bed, 
still kissing, and the lengths of our bodies come together.  We kiss 
like this for a few minutes, allowing our hands to roam over each 
other, exploring each other's bodies through our clothing.

Finally, I break the kiss and sit up, looking down and Mary and her 
body. I look to you for approval, and you gently nod your head yes. 
I part Mary's legs slightly, and kneel between them on the floor, and 
begin unbuttoning the remainder of her skirt.  As each button falls 
open, I push the fabric aside, exposing her legs, and running my 
tongue up her inner thighs.  When I reach the top button, she lefts 
her lower body and I pull the skirt away from her.  Her black lace 
panties are now revealed, and as I press her legs open, a dark wet 
stain is apparent between her legs, evidence of her excitement.  I 
continue working my way up her thighs, pausing when my face comes in 
contact with the lace of her panties, to experience her fragrance.  I 
pull her panties aside, and place my tongue against her clit, 
stroking and teasing it, feeling her tremble and quiver, and 
listening to the beginnings of her sighs.

I again lay beside her on the bed and I move my hand over her hips 
and stomach above the elastic of her panties.  I kiss her lower 
stomach, and then trace my tongue back and forth across the skin just 
above the lace of her panties.  She trembles and sighs, and her back 
arches slightly.  I work my way up to her blouse and unbutton it 
quickly, until he breasts are free of the clothing, covered now only 
by a sheer lace bra which clasps in front.  I place my hand on her 
throat and caress her skin gently, back and forth, feeling the 
fullness of her breasts brush against my skin.  She is breathing 
heavily now, and shivers involuntarily as my exploration of her body 
continues. I move my hand over the lace of her bra, feeling her 
nipples straining through the cloth.  I bend over her body and gently 
bite each nipple through her bra, until I can feel them grow erect 
and hard.  I release the clasp and the lace falls away as her breasts 
are now free.  They are a bit larger than my breasts, and they stand 
firm and high on her chest.  Her nipples are dark red, and are hard. 
I allow my fingers to brush over them, enjoying the feel of their 
hardness against the palm of my hand.  I move my tongue to each 
nipple, and lick and suck gently, teasing and flicking.

Her arms reach around my body, and she pulls down the zipper at the 
back of my dress.  My dress drops forward, and I pull my arms free 
from the sleeves, stand a fleeting moment, and allow it to drop to 
the floor. I'm now wearing only the silk camisole and white silk 
panties that dip to a V over my lower stomach.

I lay beside Mary, and her hands move over my body.  She presses me 
back against the sheets as she leans over me and lifts my camisole, 
exposing my breasts, and gives them the attention I had earlier given 
hers.  She alternates licking each of my breasts, until my nipples 
are taut and hard like hers, and I have begun to moan and writhe on 
the bed beside her.  She moves her body over mine, and rubs her 
breasts against mine, sliding her soft skin over me as we kiss once 
again.  I then move to sit upright, and lift the hem of my camisole, 
pulling it over my head, until my upper body is naked.  I roll my 
body close to Mary and pull her into my arms.  Our legs entwine, 
which brings our entire bodies together, and we press our hips close, 
where we are both still covered by wisps of lace and silk.  We slowly 
move our hips in unison, enjoying the feel of each other's softness, 
as our lips and tongues touch again in a wet caressing kiss.

We move around on the bed until I am sitting upright between Mary's 
legs and I slowly slip her panties from her body, pulling them down 
the length of her legs.  I stand at the foot of the bed and remove my 
own panties, kicking them free from my ankles, before I join Mary 
again on the bed.  I open her legs wide so you and I both have a 
clear view of her pussy.  Her light blonde hair is wet and tangled.

I turn on the bed so that our heads are in opposite directions and 
lay beside her.  I part the hair of her pussy with my fingertips 
until I can see the pink bud of her clit which is swollen and hard.  
I touch her there with just the tip of my tongue, and swirl it around 
and around, feeling it quiver from my fleeting caresses.  I've pulled 
my hair back from my face so that you can clearly watch my 
exploration of Mary's pussy.  My tongue slides from her clit, and 
works its way down to her vagina, opening her inner lips as I seek to 
touch every inch of her female place.  Her scent surrounds me and I 
find it strangely pleasing and exciting.  When I reach her opening, I 
lick her juices which are flowing freely from her, and then slowly 
insert my tongue as far as I can inside her.  I then move my tongue 
back up to her clit and tease it gently but insistently, while I 
insert two fingers inside her.  Her back arches when my fingers enter 
her as she tries to seek her release.

Mary's response to my actions has caused my own excitement to 
increase, and I can feel my honey flowing from me.  I cover Mary's 
body with my own, while I continue licking her, and position myself 
so that she can tongue my pussy.  I gasp when her tongue first 
brushes over my clit, and sigh louder as he pushes a finger inside 
me.

We are now both lost to these new sensations, and have nearly 
forgotten your presence, as our bodies cling together and we 
experience each other. From where you are seated, you have a perfect 
view of our bodies molded together, and the sounds of our sighs and 
our wet pussies as fingers slide in and out of each other, and 
tongues lick and suck, fill the room.

Your hand has moved unconsciously to your cock, and you begin to 
stroke yourself to release your tension as your own excitement 
increases.  As our frenzy mounts, and you know your own orgasm is 
nearing, you cross the room and join us on the bed, but do not touch 
either of us.  We each roll onto our sides without moving our heads 
from each other's pussy.  This close-up image of what your two 
babysluts are doing to each other intensifies your excitement, and 
you can hold back no longer.  As we both begin to cry out with the 
beginnings of climax, your hot cum spurts from your cock and over the 
bodies of your two babysluts.  When your abundance of cum is expended 
and glistening on the bodies of your two partners, you collapse 
beside me.

I touch my body with a finger, picking up some of your cum and place 
the finger into my mouth, tasting you.  I turn to Mary's body, and 
lick every drop of your cum from her.  She does the same to me.  I 
then turn to look at you, licking the last drops of your cum from my 
lips, and whisper, "John, has your babyslut pleased you?"  I kiss you 
lingeringly, and you can smell and taste Mary's fragrance on my face 
as I kiss you.  You reply, "Yes, babyslut, daddy is very pleased with 
your performance, but daddy's cock is still hard!"  I look at you and 
smile, gesturing to Mary, "She's yours now. She wants you, and will 
do anything to have you.  Fuck her!"

--
