Archive-name: 3plus/friends2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sean and Sue and I

      
As I was driving to my college roommate's apartment in 
Hartford, I wondered about her new love, who had moved in quite 
recently, but whom she seemed very enthusiastic about. I needed 
some good news, as I was still very depressed about my recent 
divorce, and didn't feel very good about love or myself. Susan 
had insisted that I come and visit for the weekend, sure that she
would be able to cheer me up. I always cared a lot for her, and 
knew that she felt the same for me. I still could remember how 
excited and proud she was when she lost her virginity. She had 
looked at me as her role model all those years, and I had tried 
to teach her all that I knew. But I wasn't doing very well now. 

When I arrived, Susan was alone, as Sean hadn't yet 
arrived from work. It was wonderful to see her, and we spent the
first few minutes just sort of babbling about what we'd been up 
to lately. Then she told me that she had a special favor to ask 
of me. It seems that it was Sean's birthday soon, and she wanted
to give him something very special, an opportunity to fulfill a 
fantasy. His fantasy was to have sex with two women at the same 
time, and Susan wanted to give him that. 

She knew that I had participated in such activity before, 
with other friends, and was hoping that I would be willing again.
She did not feel comfortable with any other female the same way,
but felt safe in both sharing Sean, and in revealing herself to 
me.  I was flattered and touched that she trusted and cared that
much for me, but I wasn't sure about this. "Susan, I've never 
even met Sean--what if I don't care that much for him, or I 
don't turn him on--then what? Besides, I haven't been very 
interested in sex since the divorce." 

She assured me that she wouldn't push it, that of course 
Sean and I needed to get to know each other first. But she 
wanted to sound me out on the idea before Sean got home, so she 
could tell him whether or not I was even interested at all. Maybe
my recent brief marriage had changed my previous free spirit. I 
agreed to consider it, and we dropped the subject as Sean was 
due home any minute. 

I liked Sean the minute he came into the door, kissed 
Susan, then kissed me as if he had known me forever. He was a 
dear, and I understood why Susan loved him so much. He wasn't 
really my type physically, being a bit on the slender side, but 
he was very nice looking. We had dinner of spaghetti, the sauce 
well-flavored with oregano and grass, and got rather giggly on 
the sauce and the red wine we had with it. Sean and I were the 
exact same age, and had many of the same attitudes towards things
in general, and were hitting it off very well. I still wasn't 
quite ready to hop into bed with the two of them, tho. 

It got late, and we were all getting sleepy, when Susan  
took me into the kitchen and asked me how I felt about Sean. 
"He's awfully nice, but it would be rather strange. I've never 
slept with someone for the first time with their girlfriend 
there." So she told me of their backup plan. What about Sean and
I sleeping together tonight, and we'd see how that worked out. I
couldn't really turn them down, as they were being so nice and I
was so fond of Susan.  Besides, the idea appealed to my old 
self, which talking about college days had brought back a bit.
So I agreed. 

Shortly after we all settled down, Sean came to the guest 
bed where I was sleeping and slid in beside me, totally naked. I
was wearing a nightgown, as I still wasn't quite sure about what
I was doing. I hadn't had sex since my afternoon with my divorce
lawyer, which while rather bland physically, had been extremely 
satisfying emotionally. Sean asked me in a whisper if I would 
rather he leave, but I shook my head no, and he hugged me, as I 
began to shake. After a bit, he began to kiss me, and then to 
stroke my back. As I relaxed, he raised my nightgown, and slid it
off of me. 

He definitely knew how to make love, as he stroked and 
kissed my breasts, and caused my nipples to harden and my pussy 
to warm.  He slid his hand between my legs, and when he felt the 
beginning dampness, he became more aggressive, rubbing my clit, 
sliding a finger in and out of my pussy which was starting to 
waken, and want. As I started to once again feel my pussy open 
and reach for more, he rolled on top of me, and slid his hard 
cock into my hungry slit.  I gasped, and he started to pump, 
going faster and faster as I rose to meet his every thrust, until he 
felt me climax, and then he joined me, moaning into my neck, as I
whimpered and cried with my own release. 

"It was wonderful, Mary, and I can't tell you how much it 
meant to me that you were able to accept me that much. Susan 
always told me that you were great in bed, and it was all true."
And Sean softly spoke and made it all seem all right. He had 
been so gentle, willing to initiate everything, and all I had 
done was relax and respond. It was so good for my ego after the 
way my ex had treated me. I was able to kiss him and go to sleep
as he got up to return to Susan for the rest of the night. 

The next day we spent just sitting around and talking, and 
laughing, and eating and drinking, and smoking, and becoming more
comfortable as a threesome. Susan and I had been close for 
years, Sean and she had fallen in love, and now Sean and I were 
rapidly becoming friends.  After dinner, I told Susan that I 
was willing to try the birthday present, and she was thrilled. 
She didn't tell Sean until it had gotten late, and she said 
"Let's go to bed, Sean, I've got a special present for you."
And as he looked at me, quite startled, as he felt that the night 
before was more than he could ask for, I smiled, blushed, and 
nodded, and preceded him into the bedroom. He and Susan rapidly
followed.  

Before we undressed, Susan thoughtfully turned the lights down low,
leaving just a soft blue light that left fascinating 
shadows. We then got onto their king size bed, with Susan on 
Sean's left shoulder and me on his right.  At first, we were all a
bit nervous, but as we lay there and talked we began to relax.
Sean would kiss Susan, and then after a bit, kiss me. She and I
began to play and see who could give him the most passionate 
kiss. Then we began to stroke his legs and body, to try and cause
an erection, which nerves had prevented. He got into the spirit
of it all, and started to stroke Susan's breasts with one hand,
while feeling mine with the other. It was turning into a playful
contest to see who could get whom turned on first, and it was 
working very well, as I could smell the aromas of sex begin to 
permeate the room. 

All at once, it was no longer a matter of giggling and 
playing, and Sean had an erection that begged to be used. I 
looked at Susan, and she nodded, so I took his cock into my 
mouth and began to lick and suck it. At the same time, he was 
fondling and sucking on Susan's very large breasts and nipples.
As his groans got louder, I stopped, as we did not want him to 
come too soon, and eliminate any possible experimentation we 
might try. So after we females gave him a chance to cool off, we
traded places, and Susan buried her head between his legs while 
he sucked my nipples, and rubbed my pussy, getting it wetter and
wetter. I knew that I would come more than once.  

As Sean began to moan, Susan stopped, and he started to 
complain that he couldn't take much more of this. Since both 
Susan and I were also getting very frustrated, we agreed that 
he deserved on climax. I lay on my back, my knees raised, and my
legs spread wide, exposing my sopping wet pussy. Susan guided 
his cock into me, squeezing his balls as he began. She kept her 
hands on him all the time he was fucking me. And he was fucking 
me well. I came almost as soon as he entered me, my pussy 
grabbing the length of him, my hips grinding against his.  He 
continued until he came, gasping and moaning, and bringing me to
another orgasm with him. As he rolled off of me, his cum and mine
mingled and ran out between my legs, giving off that so 
distinctive aroma. Susan said that she didn't want to be left 
out, and began to kiss and stroke Sean before he had a chance to
barely recover. She was smiling as she said it, knowing that it 
would take a little time before he could begin again. 

The erotic situation caused Sean's prick to rise, much 
sooner than any of us expected. He was so grateful to Susan for 
arranging this wonderful present that he could not wait to 
pleasure her. he rolled her onto her back, and began to lick and
suck on her clit and pussy, slipping a finger into her as she 
became wetter and wetter. While he was busy with his face buried
in her pussy, I was sucking his cock, and licking around his 
balls, taking them gently into my mouth and softly sucking them.
He shortly lifted his head, and told me to stop, as he wanted her
to come before he did. She soon was moaning, and I, for the first
time in the years we had known each other, saw her lost in the 
throes of an orgasm. Then Sean, with my help, slid his cock into
her pussy, and pumped and thrusted his way to a mutual climax. 

We all lay back then, smiling, slippery, and satisfied. I 
hugged Susan and she thanked me for what I had done for her,
as Sean lay back, bemused by what had happened to him. It was a 
wonderful experience for all three of us, and as I left the next
day, I realized that I felt better about myself than I had in 
months. I once again felt loved, and that I was worth loving. 

--
