Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







                            Mom, Make Him Stop!"
                            by Rich Humus

"Mommmm! He did it again! Make him stop!"  I sputtered, spraying the
white liquid down the front of my chest. I glared at Tommy, my 13 year
old menace of a brother. He just grinned back at me, the shit. "Mom!"
I whined again.

"Tommy, you stop that this instant. If you continue to misbehave, you
will not be allowed to play with Suzie anymore!"  This seemed to get
him. He adjusted his aim, and the next shot hit my forehead and
dribbled down over my left eyebrow. By now, there were about six or
seven trails of it down over both eyebrows and my nose. I don't know
about your family, but mine is kinda bizarre, I guess. I mean, really,
how many other families do you know where the favorite Friday night
pastime is making their 13 year old daughter kneel down in the middle
of the rec room while every male relative within thirty miles jerks
off on her face? Not many, probably, if you don't count Washington
D.C.

Yeah, that's me. Suzie. Suzie the sperm catcher, they call me.  Suzie
the semen sucker, the spooge swallower, the scum sipper. Suzie, the
turkey basted every week with nut butter. The human handkerchief for
dick snot. Suzie the DNA-drowned daughter. I don't really remember how
it started. I suppose I was six or seven or so, and I'd misbehaved
somehow, and the next thing I knew, I was having my ass paddled
royally by Daddy. I cried and screamed and kicked like the bejeezus.

"Daddy, stop, OW! OW! OW! STOP! I'LL DO ANYTHING, OW, OW, PLEEEEASSSE
STOP OW OW OW"

Suddenly his hand stopped in mid air about six inches from my bare
ass. He laid it down slowly and gently on my quivering butt cheeks. I
felt one slim finger slide down into my crack.

"Anything?"

"Ann..anything.." I sobbed. My ass hurt like hell!

"Stand up. No, leave your dress on the floor. Now face me."

I looked up at my Daddy with teary eyes, sniffling and sobbing,
rubbing my sore ass. Next thing I knew there was a one-eyed trouser
snake staring back. I stifled back a couple of sobs , gazing at it
with hypnotized wonder, sort of like those kids on "Barney". I had
just about gotten my eyes dry when he sprayed me from hairline to chin
with something that just about six years earlier had "me" written all
over it. Now it was written all over me!

I sputtered and cringed, licking my lips, noting the hot, salty, kinda
'bleachy' taste of it. I made a face. "Uggh! Tastes like oyster piss!"
I thought. I licked all around my lips and looked back up at Daddy.
His little six year old daughter, clad only in Tony the Tiger panties,
looking up at him with sperm drooling down off her little snub nose.
Cute eh? I just looked up at Daddy. I didn't think what he did was
wrong. I didn't have the faintest idea what he did, actually. At six
or seven, you're not really quite as obsessed with sex as you are at,
say, ten or eleven, right? I felt no more than if he had squirted me
with a water pistol. In fact, I got off pretty easily, if you ask me.
I traded about a dozen firm swats for a face full of cum.  I felt the
warm liquid drool down my cheeks, mixing with my tears and dropping
onto the floor at my feet.  I blinked back a sperm tear.

"OK, Daddy? OK?"

"For now," he sighed.

Everything was "normal" for a couple of weeks, and then I broke a
plate  or spilled my milk or something at dinner. The room got dead
silent. My father looked at me. "What'll it be?" I knew what he meant.

I pushed my lower lip out at him. "You can spray me,  Daddy." I looked
over at Mommy. "Daddy sprayed me last time. It was better than a
beatin'." Mommy beamed down at me.

"I know, dearie, I know. He 'sprays' me when I've been bad, too, don't
you dear?" she said, looking over at Daddy and grasping his hand on
the table, giving it an affectionate squeeze.

"I think this time, though, you have to really learn a lesson. Robbie,
you come with us." He motioned to my 19 year old brother, Robbie. He
was the oldest. He was all the way in Junior High! He was such a
favorite of all the teachers that he went back year after year! Robbie
looked at Daddy and grinned.

"Awright! Are we gonna do her like we do Mom?"

"More or less. Nothing your Mom wears fits her yet. She gets naked."

The pattern repeated, except, of course, for the swats on my butt. I
knelt in the middle of the rec room and Daddy and Robbie took out
their things and moved their hands back and forth real fast for a few
minutes while I looked up at them. Then Robbie grunted and shot out a
huge spray of sperm that caught me right on the nose! It splattered
and flew everywhere, on my forehead and in my hair and all down in my
mouth and everything. He buzzed me about four or five more times until
Daddy chipped in with his effort. It seemed like more than last time,
but maybe I just couldn't tell, what with Robbie's balls emptied all
over me ahead of time. Both he and Daddy seemed to take a devilish
glee in aiming their flesh hoses right into my mouth. I drooled and
spit the stuff back out, pushing it out over my lower lip.

"Hey...!Hey! Not in my mouth! It tastes yicky!" I wailed. It didn't do
much good. By the time they were both done, I had about a gallon of
the funky stuff in my mouth and all around my face. Or so it seemed. I
guess it was probably less, now that I think about.  Still, it seemed
like a lot to a second-grader.

Over the next few months, I became resigned to the 'spraying'. Each
time I misbehaved, or rather, each time I was <caught> misbehaving, I
made my way down to the rec room, slipping my dress or pants off as I
went. One thing I didn't want to do was get that stuff all over my
OshKosh B'gosh"es, you know what I mean?

Each time, another brother was added to the little gathering. After
Robbie, it was Jack, the 16 year old, then Sam and Dave, the 14 year
old twins, then Tommy. Yeah, five fuckin' brothers. What a bitch. When
Daddy ran out of sons, the Uncles started showing up. Just my fucking
luck, to have a father who was one of ten boys in his family. (If I
ever see Granma and Gramps again, I'm gonna smack the shit out of
them.)

And Mom didn't help. She had six goddam brothers herself. Sheesh.
Where'd all the goddam Y chromosomes come from all of a sudden?

By the time I was 10, it was no longer a punishment. I was
entertainment. "Hey, it's Friday! Time to drive over to Bill and
Helen's and cum on Suzie's face!" "Boy, did you see the whitewashing
she got from Uncle Dick last week! Whew! What a load, eh?"

The only rule I got kind of enforced was no cumming in my mouth. I
just didn't like the taste of it. I threatened to stop if they
continued to try to drown me in their slimy jizm. I didn't mind it on
my face or on my slightly popping-out little titties, but I didn't
like the taste. Still don't. I guess, though, that's natural selection
at work. If guy's cum tasted real good, it'd never get deposited where
it's supposed to. Either that, or all the guys with good tasting cum
died out cause they never had any children.  I figure that's why fags
aren't so bad as everybody says either - if God really hated 'em like
the preachers say he does, he'd make it poisonous for you to swallow
the cum of someone of your same gender. Seem's logical, right?

Anyway, (sorry if your dicks got soft there when I was talking about
faggots. Ooops. Sorry. Forgot. Faggots is a dirty word - it's English
for "cigarette.")  As I was saying. When I got to be about 12, last
year, Daddy started dressing me in some lacy underwear and stuff like
Mommy wears.  I didn't really have titties yet, but he made me wear a
training bra with the ends cut out for my little nipplies to poke out,
if I'd had any. And around my waist I had a garter belt made of blue
satin, and some fancy sparkly stockings, just like the kind you see
Jon Benet wearing in all those clips of her on Hard Copy, and some
really high heels that Daddy makes me wear. Also, I'm just starting to
get pubes down there, so Mommy cut the crotches out of all of my
underwear for my pussy to peek through.

So every Friday night for the last few years, I've knelt down on the
carpet, or rather, on a sheet over the carpet, and held my face up in
the air for the males of the family to spray for as long as they want.
Several nights, I was down there past midnight. It's the only night
I'm allowed to stay up past my bedtime. I rub all the semen in as it
builds up. I have to.

Anyway, Tommy had just aimed his dickie at my mouth and hit my upper
lip. That's when I whined at Mom to make him stop doing it towards my
mouth and do it on my face like he was supposed to. Uncles Brad, Jim,
Bill, Dennis, Paul, Fred, Dan, Ralph, Pete, Bob, Bill, and Mike had
been before him. Can you say "sperm face?" I bet you can. I was
dripping the stuff all down my front, trying to keep it out of my eyes
and mouth. I had more protein in my hair that the Clairol models.  He
finished off by spraying all over my left cheek and across my
eyebrows. Then, of course, I still had to sit for Robbie,  Uncle Ted,
Uncle Tom,  Jackie,  Sam, Davey,  Uncle Jerry, Daddy and the old
pervert across the street who they invited over every now and then,
because we needed to cut through his yard to get to the beach.

I guess you'd call me old fashioned, but I'm saving my virginity for
my husband. I hope I find some man who doesn't like oral sex.


                               The end.


--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....