Archive-name: First/frst.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: First


"Can I have a sip?"

"Sure."

Michael sampled a few drops of the foul-tasting diet softdrink, basking
in the beauty of the cute blond freshman from whom he had bummed the sip.
He and Steve had come a few minutes late into the numerical analysis
lecture and Michael picked the two seats near the back only because of
the cute babe with the soda.

"Thanks," he said handing the can back.

"No problem," she smiled back.  She had perfect white teeth Michael
noticed.  Without the glasses she'd be a model.

Michael took out his clipboard and started copying the first two boards
of linear programming equations.  The blond glanced at the paper he was
writing on and noticed that the subject, lecture number, date, and
topic headings were pre-printed on the otherwise blank graph paper.
His handwriting was fast but neat and he used a template to draw
colorful diagrams.

"Another nerd," Karen sighed disappointedly.  "Too bad; he had the body
for it," she thought to herself.  Karen had just broken up with her
third boyfriend in as many months.  The guys up north were either drunk
frat boys or boring nerds.  The obnoxious yankee sitting next to her
was cute but didn't even have the time to notice her.

As soon as the bell sounded for the break, a pandemonium of folding
desks and babbling voices erupted, drowning out the end of the professor
lecture.

"You a computer person?" Michael asked the cute blond alluringly.

"Not hardly; I'm a civil engineering major," Karen told the obnoxious
yankee.  "What about y'all?"

"Biomed," he replied gazing into her blue eyes.  The pupils weren't round;
She had weird eyes, he thought.  The pupils dilated as she looked at him and
Michael's heart skipped a beat.  He had just read in "Popular Psychology"
that pupil dilation meant physical attraction.  Here was his chance to lose
his virginity.

"Thanks for the soda.  You busy for dinner?"  he asked matter-of-factly.

"Um, er... no," she stammered.  His question took her completely by
surprise. "I live up the hill and usually take my supper at the Jenson
Commons."

"Great accent," Michael thought.  "'take my supper'  Ha!"  She sounds
like a dixie bell.  I wonder if she had a debut and lives on a big
plantation at home.

"Jenson's food must be better than Leutner's on north campus.  Hows
about I pick you up for an early dinner and then we catch the movie at
the film club?  It's a gonna be a great film,"  he rambled.

"Well, I don't rightly know.  We were never introduced," she said slowly.

"Come on.  You can bring your roommates and friends.  It'll be fun," he
assured her.

"Well I suppose..."

"Great.  Where do you live?" he asked.

"Well I do declare!  I don't even know your name."

"Michael Wilson, from Philadelphia.  Pleased to meet you."  Michael offered
his hand.

"Karen Lou-anne Hammaker.  Pleased to meet you, Mr. Wilson," she said
regaining some composure.

"Please call me Michael," he said smiling broadly.  "Where should I pick you
up?"

"I live in the Morely dormitory.  I can meet you in the lounge there at
6:30.  Will that be all right?"

"That's a little late.  The film starts at 6:30.  What about 5:30?  Is that
too early?"

"No.  5:30 will be fine."

The word sounded like "fahn" when she spoke it.  Michael couldn't help
smiling broadly at her beguiling southern accent.

The film was an excellent Swedish adventure story called "Man on the Roof,"
and had short slices of Swedish life including some steamy sex.  Michael
took her hand at the begining of the film and massaged her fingers and 
palms ever-so-lightly.  By the time the film was over she was very wet.

"Come on, I'll walk you home," he said as the lights came up.

"Thank you."

They held hands during the walk and talked about school, professors and the
film.  When she unlocked the dormitory door, he came inside with her and
followed her wordlessly up the stairs to the suite she shared with four
other girls.

No one was in the common living room when they arrived and they went
into her tiny bedroom.  Karen closed the door and gestured for Michael
to sit on the tiny bed.  She sat next to him and without a word they
embraced and started necking.

Michael had problems breathing when he was kissing a girl.  Though he
had had a lot of practice petting and necking, he could never get his
breathing right.  He somehow couldn't breathe through his nose
properly, and didn't want to exhale in the girl's mouth.  It made him
nervous and he took uneven, raspy breaths.

"Relax," Karen told him.

Michael pushed her down onto the bed, kicked off his shoes and climbed
up next to her, after which they resumed the necking; he concentrated
on breathing regularly through his nose.  Soon his hand wandered down
to her blouse, roughly massaging her breasts.  Then he put his hand on
her jeans and started boisterously massaging her vagina.  Karen had no
objections and continued their hot french kissing.  His touch was quite
rough and he was applying too much pressure, but she had gone through
worse.  Sensing no resistance, Michael started to un-button her jeans.

"Do you really want to do this?" she asked him earnestly.

"Yes," he said seriously.

"No regrets?" she asked.

"Of course not."

She started undressing quickly and efficiently.  He had to hurry to catch up
with her.  Before climbing under the covers he noticed her creamy white skin
and red pubic hairs.  

Michael had never been in bed naked with a girl before and didn't
really know how to begin.  He had often fantasized about sex, of course
and was determined to try cunnulingus before mounting.  After roughly
and inadeptly massaging her erect nipples and very wet vagina, he slid
down the bed and started licking the opening of her vagina.  The taste
made him nauseous and he almost threw up his dinner.  He did not stop,
however, determined to do it right.  Every few seconds he searched for
her clitoris with his toungue but couldn't find it and went back to
licking the opening of her vagina and vulva just above it.

Smiling at his eager ineptidude, Karen finally pulled his face up to
hers and kissed him long and passionately.  She positioned his body on
top of hers and spread her legs in missionary position.  Michael had no
idea how to orient himself to enter her dripping cunt.  He lay on top
of her patiently waiting for her to get his cock inside her.  She had
to do all the maneuvering with his weight clumsily on top of her.  She
finally settled his cock into her cunt and thrust her hips up
rhythmically.  Michael picked up the rhythm after a few strokes, but
got carried away and his penis came out.  He helped her get it back in
and started pumping again.  After a few minutes of fervent rutting, his
cock came out again.  He was getting better at finding her cunt and got
it back in himself.

Soon after he put his penis back into her cunt he was again delightedly
pumping fast and hard.  Before long, Karen was moaning in orgasmic
ecstacy.  Michael hardly noticed and couldn't believe at first that she
had climaxed.  He slowed his rhythm.

"Are you through?" he asked innocently.

"Yeah," she said, grabbing his shoulders and pulling him closer.  Now
that she was concentrating solely on keeping his cock inside her,
Michael's inexperienced thrusting was easier for her to control.  In a
few minutes, he was ejaculating, grunting softly as his cock spat hot
semen deep into her vagina.

"Do you want to try again?" he asked shyly.

"I suppose," she said.  She could feel that his penis was still hard
inside her vagina and it did not feel like it was getting any softer.
She had never made love to anyone as young as Michael and wondered if
all virgins had the staying power of this one.

He started pumping again slowly, kissing and licking her lips softly.
Soon the rhythm, intensity, and pressure increased of his coital
plunges.  Karen pushed her pubic bone against him hard at each inward
thrust.  In a half hour she was moaning again.  This time Michael felt
her shudder and the realization that she was having an orgasm made him
suddenly very hot.  In ten quick, forcefull strokes he was exploding
again, amplifying Karen's pleasure and prolonging her orgasm.

Karen noticed that Michael was not sweating or even breathing hard,
another new experience for her.  Her over-sensitive vagina felt that
his penis was still hard inside her and it was a bit irritating; 
this time, however, she felt it getting softer.

"Thank God for small favors" she thought to herself.

When his penis shrank somewhat, Michael withdrew and carefully rolled off
her.  He held her close, kissed and cuddled with her a few minutes before
speaking.

"Thanks," he said haltingly.  "If you couldn't tell, that was my first
time."

"And your second, honey,"  she drawled affectionately.

They smiled and talked about grades, engineering core courses,
marriage, numerial analysis, and the human condition.  At length
Michael got bored.

"Do you want to try again?" he asked timidly.

"My my, Michael, but you are a virtuoso virgin," she teased him.
"Let's see if you're really up to it."  She reached down and started
rubbing his cock with her palm.  Her deft manipulations betrayed her
experience and Michael speculated about hand jobs she had given boys in
High School.

Michael's penis rose to the occasion and in a few minutes he was on top
of her again, driving his cock into her vagina hard and hurredly.  In fact
his rhythm and pressure were not very pleasing to Karen who basically just
lay there submissively.

"How ya doin?" he asked after a while.

She pecked a little kiss on his lips and pulled her knees up to give
him deeper penetration.  The new position and deeper penetration put
more pressure on his cock.  Each stroke brought him unconsciously
closer to ejaculation.  Unprepared for the sudden sensual
amplification, Michael suddenly realized he was about to ejaculate
again.

"I'm going to..." he said.  His cock spurted hot semen deep into Karen's
sore cunt and he grunted ecstatically.

"Should I go?" he asked groggily a few minutes later.

"If you don't, you'll be the ninth guy to sleep here this semester," she
replied brightly.

"You mean I can stay?" he asked enthusiastically.

"Sure.  Move over and give me some covers."

He woke up the next morning with Karen in his arms and a hard, hot cock
poking at the covers.  He gently fondled Karen's breasts, blissfully
staring at her beautiful face and long sensuous hair.  Still half
asleep, Karen blindly fumbled under the covers and brushed against his
huge burning erection.  She befuddedly pulled him on top of her, and
for the fourth time in his life Michael was joyfully copulating.  In
five minutes he exploded.

"I'm sorry," he said apologetically.  "Are you close?"

She actually was starting to get aroused.  She kissed him as he
continued to pump his dick in and out.  However, in a few short
minutes, his erection subsided.

"I'm sorry," he said again forlornly.

"But I enjoyed it, Michael," she said cheerfully.

"When's your first class?" he asked, changing the subject.

"Ten o'clock.  Why?"

"I have to be at Strosacker at eight for Logic.  Come with me to breakfast?"

"No thanks.  I'd really rather get some more sleep."

Karen smiled affectionately and watched him get dressed.

"I'll call you," Michael said on his way out.

In fact, he never saw Karen again.  She avoided him in classes, and
never returned his calls.  He learned later that she dropped out of
school and went to live in New Orleans.  Eighteen, and no-longer a
virgin, Michael faced the task of finding a girl friend, or at least a
sex partner, with a new and pleasant perspective.

-- 
