
From ddail@efn.org Tue Oct 17 23:54:47 1995
From: redragon@interserv.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: FANTASY SCHOOL BY BOOJUM
Date: 14 Oct 1995 14:15:04 GMT
Message-ID: <45ogl8$gkd@data.interserv.net>



    A Fantasy in School.   Part 1 of 3

by: Boojum

        Beth walked quickly into the girls bathroom between classes at
her school.   She saw immediately that all of the stalls were taken, as
usual, not that she minded all that much, she actually figured that she
would be in here a bit longer than the break anyway so what was an extra
minute or two of wait. Just as the bell rang for the next class period,
the last of the day, she finally got to use the stall at the far end.
 
        Entering, she set her books down on the floor by the stall
door, and then raised her plaid skirt.  She would normally be
pulling down her panties now, but today she had felt really in a
naughty mood in the morning and had gone without panties.   For
months now she had been day dreaming about going for a whole day
without wearing any panties and today she had finally built  up
the nerve to try it.  Sitting on the toilet she began to relax
and let the piss begin to flow out of her in a soft stream.  She
thought back on how the day had gone, and how she felt now that
she had made it through without having anyone know her little
secret.
 
        Of course she had picked the perfect day for keeping it a
secret.  Tuesdays and Thursdays were the days when she didn't have gym
class, and this being Thursday meant that there would be no going into
the locker room.  None of the other girls would notice when changing
that she wasn't wearing panties.  Most of the other girls were such dumb
innocent bores.  They would never understand what a wonderful feeling
she had had all day knowing that she had such a sexy secret.
 
        She started to think about how she had felt this morning when
she made the last minute decision, just before leaving home, to run back
up to her room and quickly take her panties back off and put them into
the dirty clothes basket.  It had to have been a last minute thing, if
she had planned it for today she would never have done it, and if she
had started out early that way, she probably would have chickened out
and put them on at the last minute before going to school.
 
        Her pissing done, she decided that she better head back to class
before she got into trouble for being extremely late.  The next class
was English, at which she was good, and Mr. Elliot, seemed to really
like her, so she wasn't too worried about being two or three minutes
late.  She spread her legs and instead of grabbing a hunk of toilet
paper she just ran her pointer finger quickly between the wet lips of
her pussy.  She wasn't really that wet, and in her current mood didn't
feel like using TP.
 
        Beth knew the rest of the kids would all stare as she walked
into the class and to her assigned seat in the front row.  She just put
all of that out of her mind and began listening to what Mr. Elliot had
to say.  Stan Elliot was a young man, tall, slim, but with a power and
intensity about him that had captivated Beth since the first day she met
him.  She had been daydreaming about Stan ever since then.  The class
was over almost before Beth realized it, she had been so wrapped up in
just watching and listening to Mr. Elliot.  But his last comment brought
her instantly back to the world of reality.
 
        "Okay gang, that's it for today.  Beth, I would like to have you
stay and explain why you were late, the rest of you may go."
 
        She just sat there as twentyseven others rushed from the room.  
 
        "Well?"  Mr. Elliot queried her.  
 
        His stare was directly into her eyes, and there was no way she
could answer him with the truth.  At least not in words.  She had been
thinking in the bathroom that maybe she would flash Mr. Elliot a quick
view of her pussy some time during class, but she had chickened out.
Now here they were alone in the class and he was staring at her and she
didn't know exactly what to say. Slowly she began to let her legs slip
ever so slightly apart. She stared back at him and noticed that his
glance would dart down to her legs and then back up to her eyes.  He was
waiting. Keeping her eyes focused on his she let her legs slide just a
bit wider, not so that she was wide open, but her thighs were no longer
touching each other.  His glances stayed lower longer.

        "It's like this Mr. Elliot".  She said.  "I had to go to the
girls room, but there was such a line that I just couldn't get here on
time."
 
        "I see."  He replied, with his eyes now staying on her legs more
than on her eyes.
 
        She wondered what he meant, did he understand about her being
late, or did he see her legs, or maybe both.  She let her own gaze drop
for a moment to the front of his pants and got her answer when she saw
the bulge that his dick made there.  She had often looked at his crotch
during class, and enjoyed seeing the slight bulge that was always there.
But now it was about twice as big as usual.  She knew why.
 
        She began slowly to raise her hand to the top button of her
white blouse and play with the button as she stared back at him. She
wondered how far she should go with her fantasy.  This was what she had
dreamed of.... should she do it?
 
        "I believe," he said "that I must impress on you the need to not
be late, the need for you to not keep me waiting."
 
        Again she was struck by the double meaning of what he said. Was
he talking about being late for class, or did he mean that he was
waiting now to see more?  Well she thought, there was only one way to
find out.
 
        Beth slipped the button through its hole, and allowed her hand
to move gently down to the next one.  As she did this her fingers pulled
the material of the blouse open.
 
        Stan sat on the front of his desk, only a few feet in front of
her.  He watched intently as she worked first the one and then the
second button open.  He knew that he was getting a hard on and that Beth
could see how it was standing up in his pants. But why not let her
realize how much he appreciated the view.
 
        "I know that I was late and am sorry.  Is there anything that I
could do to make up for disturbing the class.  Can I do . . .
anything?" 
 
        She now had three buttons unfastened and had revealed the top
of her bra.  The slight swell of her budding breasts was clearly
visible.  She again began to spread her legs just a bit more,
and she watched his reactions.  She could see how his prick grew
more and more, poking up and out like a tent pole inside of  his
pants.  She spread wider and wider until she was sure that he
could see her pussy. 
 
        "I will have to think of something." he replied.  "I'm sure
that something will come up if I concentrate for a while."
 
        Again Beth was struck by his use of double meanings, she could
see that something was already coming up.  She allowed her right hand to
fall to her lap and rest on her thigh.  She moved her fingers in small
circles, pulling gently on her skirt as she did this.  The hem began to
slip higher and higher revealing the silky white skin of her thin,
shapely leg.  She continued to play with her skirt until the hem was
virtually up to the level of her pussy.
 
        She had long since passed the point where Mr. Elliot could
misinterpret her actions.  By now he fully realized what a wonderful
show she was giving him.  His cock had grown to its full size, and was
straining against the inside of his trousers. Like the pole holding up a
tent, his cock held his pants away from his body.
 
        Beth starred at the bulge of his cock as she slid her hand down
her thigh and then back up along the inside edge until her fingers just
brushed against her pussy lips.  She was hot, and excited in ways that
she had never been before.  She had often dreamed and regularly played
with herself, but never before, where anyone else could see her.  This
was absolutely wild.  She had the man of her dreams turned on just by
exposing herself to him.  He wasn't actively doing anything to encourage
her, but he had not stopped her either.  She wanted him to do something
but didn't know how to get him to.  So she just continued with her show,
besides, she enjoyed the feelings she was beginning to give herself as
her fingers brushed against the outer lips of her pussy.
 
        Her middle finger was roaming up and down along her pussy lips,
feeling the smooth softness of this most delicate skin.  As her finger
worked its way back and forth she parted her legs just a bit more and
her pussy lips parted also.  Her small pink inner lips were pouting open
for Stan to view, as Beth's fingers gently coursed along her labia.  She
could feel the wetness of her pussy begin to flow as she became more and
more excited by her lewd display.  Pussy juice began to spread along her
lips, making them glisten in the harsh florescent light of the class
room.
 
        Stan was very excited by the show that Beth was giving him.  He
had often looked at her, and the other girls in the class, with lustful
thoughts.  But he was also a bit worried that someone would catch them,
or walk into the room.  He forced himself to not reach down to his cock,
as he wanted to do and take it out of his pants.  He wanted so badly to
jack off as this beauty sat before him playing with herself.  He wanted
to put his cock into her mouth and let her suck on it as she played with
herself.  He wanted to put his cock into that gorgeous, tight, pink
pussy that she was flaunting in his face.
 
        He watched as her pussy became wetter and wetter.  Her fingers
were beginning to glisten with the viscous wetness of her love juice as
she ran her pointer finger into her vagina and then up to her clit.  She
would circle her protruding clit, two or three times with her finger and
then back down to her tight hole, for more lubrication.  This pattern
continued as her breathing became more labored with her groaning
excitement.
 
        Beth couldn't wait much longer, knowing how avidly Mr. Elliot
was watching her, and with the pent up excitement and anticipation she
had had all day, her climax came upon her quickly.  Her breathing became
slow and heavy, her fingers pressed tightly against her clit as wave
after wave of orgasm flowed outward from the center of her pussy to the
rest of her body.
 
        Stan just stared, transfixed at the glorious spectacle before
him.  He was almost ready to cream into his pants, and he hadn't even
touched himself, he was so excited.
 
        Beth stiffened and shook her whole body as the waves of pleasure
coursed through her.  Then as the last wave spread slowly outward from
her pussy, she seemed to go totally limp. Her arms fell to her sides,
her legs slid together just slightly.  Her skirt fell downwards as her
arms went down at her sides.  She seemed to almost pass out for a few
minutes. Finally she opened her eyes and looked at Mr. Elliot.
 
        Stan had moved back behind his desk.  He was sitting in his
chair, his hard on hidden from her view by the desk.  Beth quickly
brought her legs together, and began to button her blouse.  If she had
not found her blouse open, she would almost have thought that the whole
afternoon had been a dream.
 
        "I think, that we will just forget about your behavior this
afternoon."  Stan told her.  "There is no point in one incident of
lateness clouding an otherwise perfect record of action in class."
 
        Beth doubted that he would forget one second  her "behavior",
and she was sure that she would remember the entire day, but she
smoothed her clothes back into place, grabbed her books and walked from
the classroom as if nothing had happened.  She had never said a word to
him.  Her fantasies were intact, in fact, they were going to be better
than ever, she had watched his cock grow, and she knew what power she
had.
 
-------------
Thats all folks, hope you liked it.
BOOJUM



