Archive-name: Family/ft1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Farm Tails


Part One
========

     BRRRING!

     The school bell jolted me out of my reverie.  This was it!  The last day
of grade eleven was over.  Now I had two months of blissful summer vacation
to look forward to.  No more books, no more studying.  Just two months of
lovely laziness.

     I hopped on the school bus, impatient to get home.  There was going to
be an end-of-school party at my best friend's house tonight--and his parents
were in Hawaii!  I mentally checked off the different things I was planning
to do; get drunk, check; get laid, check; though not necessarily in that
order!  Hmmm, two things.  Well, short lists are easier to accomplish!  I
wasn't sure what my chances were of getting laid were, since I didn't know
how much alcohol would be flowing, but I was shooting for at least twice
tonight.  I had lost my cherry last year, when I was fifteen, on a date with
a rather stunning redheaded vixen.  I had never had a regular girlfriend, but
I always tried to choose my dates carefully so I had a maximum chance of
fucking them.

     Soon the bus reached my stop.  I scrambled out and jogged the half-mile
home.  I live in a small, emaculately-kept bungalow with my father.  He and
my mother had gotten divorced last year.  It was by no means a clean divorce
(my mother had been sleeping around with several guys, but I never got the
whole picture) and the custody battle had been ugly.  I finally ended up
staying with my father, while my mother got my two younger sisters, Cheryl
and Mandy.  Cheryl is one year younger than I am and Mandy is a year younger
than her.  She also got the house (which is why we're living in this
bungalow) and most of the other stuff.  She promptly sold the house and moved
out of town.  I haven't heard from her or my sisters since.  

     I walked up the front steps to the door.  I noticed that the car wasn't
parked outside so my father wasn't home from work yet.  I quickly unlocked
the door and stepped inside.  After I took off my jacket I gathered up the
mail that had been slipped through our mail slot and absently sifted through
it.  Bill, bill, bill, junk, bill, Ed McMahon, bill, more junk, letter from
Cheryl, bill...  What was that?  I leafed back through the mail and grabbed
the letter.  Sure enough, it was from my sister.  I checked the return
address.  Oklahoma.  Boy, when they moved, they really moved.  But why
Oklahoma?  What the hell is there to do in Oklahoma?  

     I sat down at the kitchen table and tore open the letter.  I extracted
the two foolscap sheets of paper that I found inside and eagerly read it.  It
turned out to be a "catching-up" letter, telling me what had happened to her
and Mandy during the past year.  It turned out that one of the guys my mother
had been fucking when she was still married to Dad was a farely well-off,
single farmer.  She had promptly married him after her divorce and now was
living on a farm in Oklahoma.  

     "It's a fun place," my sister wrote.  "Originally, Mandy and I were
bored out of our skull, but a couple of months ago we found a really great
way to have fun here.  In fact, we like it so much we wish the divorce had
happened sooner!

     "Anyway, Mom and Dad want to fly down to Jamaica this summer for a
couple of weeks, when there is nothing much to do except wait for the
harvest.  However, that would just leave Mandy and me minding the farm, which
is kind of difficult for two girls.  I suggested to them that we invite you
to come down, since it's summer vacation and all.  That way we'd have an
extra (free) hand to help us and it would give us a chance to see each other
again!  Mom and Dad thought it was a great idea.  What do you say?  Just so
you're not bored, we have bitches and cows and ewes and mares and sows, not
to mention Mandy and me!  So what do you say?"

     The letter closed soon after that, so I sat for a few minutes and
thought about it.  It sounded like a lot of fun and it would give me a chance
to see my sisters again.  I didn't know if I liked the idea of working on a
farm over the summer, though.  It violated my resolution to do absolutely
nothing.  I also couldn't understand that line in her letter that mentioned
all those animals.  And why they were all female.  Strange.  Well, there was
no help for it.  I'd have to phone her.

     I picked up the phone and dialed the number that she had given in her
letter.  Dad had put tight controls on all long-distance calls, but I felt
this was different.  The phone rang a couple of times and then was answered
by a gruff male voice.  I asked for Cheryl and heard him call her.

     "Hello," said a voice on the other end of the line.
     "Hi, Cheryl," I replied.  "This is Mike."
     After a few minutes of catching up over the events past year, I began to
ask her about the summer invitation. 
     "Oh, you'd love it, Mike.  There's a lot to do, and it'll be fun."
     "Are you sure?  Slopping pigs doesn't sound all that interesting."
     "Ah, Mike, I think I can guarantee that by the time you leave you'll
absolutely love sows!"
     "And that's another thing.  Why the emphasis on female animals?"
     "Why don't you come and find out?  I can guarantee you'll enjoy it!"
     "Alright, I will."
     We hammered out the details of the visit--when to come, what to bring,
and so on.  And the conversation drew to a halt.  Now all that I had to do
was clear it with Dad.  

                                   * * *

     Dad had no problem with my visit.  In fact, I think he wanted me to go
so I'd be out of his hair.  Whatever the reason, when midsummer eventually
arrived I was ready to go.  The plane ride to Oklahoma was pretty dull.  Big
surprise.  The only saving feature was a really cute stewardess with a great
set of tits.  She flirted with me the whole trip down.  I would like to say
that she led me to the back of the plane and then had mad, passionate sex
with me, but unfortunately, that sort of thing only happens in the movies. 
Instead, it was obvious to me that she was only flirting with me to amuse
herself.   After all, the flight was _very_ dull.  Still, talking to her was
more entertaining than reading the emergency evacuation instructions over and
over, so I can't really say that I minded.

     Anyhow, the flight eventually arrived (three hours late) at the airport
and I disembarked (actually, the stewardess said the term was "deplaning"). 
I walked into the airport and found my sisters there waiting for me.

     "Cheryl, Mandy, it's great to see you," I said, as they ran towards me. 
I dropped my luggage and hugged each of them in turn.  "Where's Mom?"
     "Her plane to Jamaica left an hour ago," replied Cheryl, hugging me
again.  "We weren't expecting you to be so late." 
     "I didn't have much say in the matter," I replied with a smile. 
"Besides, anticipation makes the realization sweeter."
     "That's nice.  Where did you hear that?" asked Mandy.
     "Oh, a guy a knew," I responded, dead-pan.  "He died waiting for his
wife to get out of the bathroom."
     Cheryl groaned.  "Did he really _have_ to come?" she asked Mandy.
     "Yes, I think it's for the best."

     We walked out of the airport to the parking lot to their old truck.
     "Who's going to drive," I asked.  "I don't have my license yet."
     "Neither do we," said Cheryl.  "But that's okay--I know how.  Hop in."
     "Why do I get the feeling I'm going to regret this," I asked, to nobody
in particular.
     "Oh, take your life in your hands for a couple of hours.  Be a man."
said Cheryl, grinning.
     "And believe me, I really don't think you're going to regret it," said
Mandy with a mysterious smile.

     I threw my luggage in the back of the pickup truck while Cheryl slipped
behind the driver's seat.  Mandy opened the passenger door and climbed into
the cab.  I followed her and soon all three of us were squeezed into the
surprisingly roomy cab.  Cheryl, who had already started the truck, pulled
out of the parking space and drove out of the airport.  Soon we had left the
city behind and were driving down a dusty country road towards the farm.

     The three of us made small talk for a while, discussing school, life,
and generally getting caught up on what had happened to us during the past
year.  Eventually the talk turned towards life on the farm.

     "So what exactly do you do on the farm?" I asked Cheryl.
     "Pretty much what you'd expect.  Milk the cows, gather eggs, that sort
of thing," she replied.
     "We also do a lot of the housework," spoke up Mandy, "and some cooking."
     "That sounds horrible," I said.  "Don't you have any social lives at
all?"
     "We make do quite well," replied Cheryl, giving Mandy a sidelong glance. 
"You'd be surprised."
     I noticed the glance, and felt sure that it meant something fairly
significant.  I decided to pursue it.
     "Well, what do you do for entertainment?" I persisted.
     "A little of this, a little of that," came the ambiguous reply.
     "You're not telling me something.  What's going on?"  I was getting
extremely curious.
     "Look, how liberal are you?  Sexually, I mean," asked Cheryl.  
     The question caught me totally offguard.  "Well, I've always thought of
myself as fairly liberal," I managed to say.
     "Would you ever turn down a good fuck if it were offered to you?"
     "Hell, no!"  I replied.  That one was easy to answer!
     "Okay.  Mandy, show him how we entertain ourselves," said Cheryl with a
grin.
     "I was hoping you'd say that, sis!" she replied.  And with that my
sister quickly pulled off her sweater.
     She wasn't wearing a bra, so her cute fourteen-year-old tits popped out
and presented themselves to me.  I immediately felt familiar stirrings in my
crotch as I gazed at my sister's body.
     "What the hell are you doing, sis," I asked, as she the unsnapped her
jeans and undid the zipper.  
     "I think I'm seducing my big brother," she giggled in reply.  She then
faced me, wrapped her arms around my neck, and pulled my lips down against
hers.

     I was still in shock from this rather sudden burst of exhibitionism, so
I didn't protest (like I would have anyway!).  But while we frenched, tongues
darting in and out of our mouths, all sorts of conflicting thoughts flew
through my mind.  She was my sister.  She was only fourteen.  But she was
also cute, sexy, and obviously willing.  Suddenly she unwrapped one arm from
around my neck and grabbed my hand.  She stroked it a couple of times and
then held it against one of her tits.  While I massaged it she moved her hand
down to my crotch and, after some fumbling with the zipper, pulled out my now
rock-hard cock.  These actions effectively resolved any conflict that I was
feeling--I wanted her!  

     Mandy's hand began a slow pumping action on my cock while I massaged her
tits with both hands.  I then slid my right hand down her body to her jeans. 
Because she had so thoughfully undone them a couple of minutes before, it was
easy to slip my hand into them.  I found to my delight (but not to my
surprise) that she was panty-less as well.  I rubbed my finger between her
pussy lips and was rewarded with a soft moan.  She broke off our kiss and
finished unsnapping my jeans.  I lifted my hips as she slid both them and my
underwear partially down my legs.  My cock, completely free and more rigid
than I had ever seen it, waved for Mandy's attention.  Mandy squirmed around
until she was kneeling on the floor in front of me.  An impressive feat by
itself in the small enclosure of the cab!  She wrapped her tits around my
cock--they were surprisingly big for her age (but then, so am I!)--and
stroked it up and down, all the while licking her lips.

     "Hold onto your hat," said Cheryl with one eye on us and one eye on the
road.  I noticed that she only had one hand on the wheel--the other was in
her jeans, furiously pumping her cunt.  "She's probably the best cock-sucker
in the county--after me, that is!"

     She wasn't kidding.  Mandy released my cock from their pillowy enclosure
and began tonguing the top of my cock.  I couldn't believe it--my fourteen-
year-old sister was going to suck my cock!  

     Mandy's tongue worked magic on my swollen dick.  It danced around the
tip and then ran up and down my shaft.  She licked my balls and then started
sucking on them.  I moaned in ecstacy.  Then she licked her way back to the
tip of my cock and took the length of it down her throat.  Then she began to
cock-suck in earnest!

     Her mouth and tongue worked wonders on my hard dick.  She repeatedly
slid it out of her throat and then sucked its full length back in.  Her
tongue continually swirled its magic up and down my shaft.  I had had my cock
sucked once before, but it was nothing like this!  I couldn't help wondering,
before the sexual ecstacy completely wiped any coherent thoughts from my
mind, how she had gotten so experienced.

     While she payed her rather unique attention to my tool I began to play
with Cheryl.  I removed her fingers from her pussy and licked her juices off
of them.  Incestuously scrumptious!  When I sank my own fingers into her
sopping slit she jumped so hard she almost ran us off the road!  So we kept
up a steady action--Mandy sucking my cock while I finger-fucked Cheryl--until
I felt the familiar boiling deep in my balls.

     "I'm gonna cum!" I moaned.  Mandy, of course, had already noticed the
familiar signs.  She had already pulled my dick from her mouth and began
pumping it furiously.  I could almost see my cum as it shot from the depths
of my balls to the tip of my cock.  Mandy was soon rewarded with a huge gush
of cum that sprayed all over her face and into her mouth.  Another spritz
shot from my cock, putting a spermy crosshatch patterm onto her face.  A
third shot, less powerful than the others, placed another stream directly
onto her waiting tongue.  Her mouth went back to my cock, licking up the
remaining cum as it trickled from my cock.

     I fondly gazed at my sister's cum-covered face.  There's something about
a girl with her face, hair, and mouth covered with your cum that is
irresistibly cute.  Her tongue rolled out of her hot mouth and leisurely
licked the rest of my cum from her fingers.

     "Nice performance, sis," said Cheryl as I pulled my fingers away from
her dripping snatch.  "You look like the slut-of-the-month poster child."
     "Thank you," she replied, blushing.  "I've practiced enough for it!" 
She turned her attention to my now drooping cock.  "Now don't go like that on
me--I want you nice and hard."  She looked up at me.  "How good are you at
eating pussy?"
     I had never eaten pussy before but of course I didn't want to tell her
that!  "I've never had a complaint," I replied.
     "Good, because my pussy is just dripping wet and wants a good tonguing!"
     Still facing me, she did another incredible acrobatic manoeuvre.  She
stood up and braced herself against the windshield.  She then told me to lean
forward.  When I did, she leaned back on the dash and wrapped her legs around
my neck.  I put my hands under her to support her and, just like that, I had
fresh pussy at my lips!
     "Eat her out good, Mike," said Cheryl, who had gone back to fingering
her snatch.  

     I intended to do just that.  I ran my tongue around Mandy's cunt,
savouring my first tastes of cunt juice.  Delicious--I was going to enjoy
this!  I went to work on her pussy with a vengeance.

     Due to the rather cramped conditions (and the fact that we were hurtling
down a bumpy country road) I wasn't able to let my tongue be as free as I
would have liked.  Still, I did the best I could.  I ran my tongue around her
sopping slit, teasing her outer erogenous zones.  My tongue explored further. 
I licked down below her pussy until I came tantalizingly close to her little
button anus, but wasn't quite able to reach it.  I ran my tongue back up to
the bottom of her slit and then slowly and deliberately, ran it up the length
of her cunt.  

     By now Mandy was squirming so hard I was having trouble teasing her
cunt.  So I decided to go for the gold.  I pressed my face against her
sopping wet pussy and ran my tongue up her cunt as far as I could.  I swirled
it around in her love canal, drinking her sweet nectar freely.  While my
tongue worked its own magic I nuzzled her clit with my nose.  When her
moaning and squirming alerted me to her impending orgasm I withdrew my tongue
from her cunt and began to suck on her sensitive clit.  That did the trick,
and her orgasm soon rattled through her body like gangbusters.  I gurgled in
delight as my face was soaked with her organic juices.

     "That was great," moaned Mandy as she disentangled herself from me.  "I
never thought incest would make me this horny!"
     "Better watch what you say," said Cheryl, who was looking quite flushed
herself.  "Rex will get jealous."
     "Rex," I asked.  "Who's Rex?"
     "Oh, you'll meet him at the farm," said Mandy, still breathing hard. 
"His cock tastes great but you give him a run for the money."
     Gee, thanks, I thought.  Then a thought struck me.  "But I thought we
were going to be the only ones at the farm," I said quizzically.
     "Well, yes and no," said Mandy.  "You'll understand when we get there. 
Now stop worrying and fuck me good and hard!"
     How could I refuse an invitation like that?  "Cum sit on my lap, you
little slut!"
     "Awww, you say the sweetest things!"

     Mandy manoeuvred herself until she was half-standing with her back to
me.  It occurred to me that her naked tits were visible to any oncoming
traffic, but that obviously didn't bother her.

     She reached behind and grabbed my stiff dick, setting it in place.  Then
she lowered herself down slowly upon my ready tool.  I put my hands on her
waist to steady her and she soon was sitting, completely impaled, on my
throbbing dick.  

     "How does that cheer go," asked Cheryl, still with her hand in pants. 
"Sit in his lap, French-kiss for luck, Stand up, Sit down, Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

     "Something like that," giggled Mandy.  "It's good advice, though!"

     With that she started sliding up and down on my cock.  We were both so
wet and well-lubed that the fucking was smooth and easy.  I was amazed how
loose her cunt was.  She had obviously been fucked by a dick a lot bigger
than mine.  I wondered whose it was.  Rex's perhaps?

     Her downward thrust interrupted my reverie and I began to fuck her back
in earnest.  I timed my thrusts so that I pushed up as she was coming back
down.  Cheryl helped by giving the truck quick bursts of acceleration at
every thrust.  The multiple forces soon had both Mandy and me screaming in
ecstacy and we came together in a rush of cum.  

     Mandy slumped against me, exhausted.  I slid my hands up to her tits and
lovingly caressed them while I nibbled at her neck.

     "Oh, fuck, Mike, that was good!" said my sister as she sat there, my now
soft cock still trapped in her sticky cunt.  
     "How was it, Mandy," asked Cheryl, "Is he as good as Rex?"
     "Better," she replied.  Then after a moment said "Well, just as good. 
But he could learn something from Boris."
     "Rex, Boris, would you tell me what's going on?"  I tweaked Mandy's
nipples.  "You wouldn't keep anything from your brother, would you?  After
all, I didn't keep anything from you!"  In fact, I thought, feeling the
limpness in my cock, I don't really have anything else to give.
     "You'll meet him in a couple of minutes," said Cheryl.  "We're here."
     We turned off the main road onto the dirt road that led to the
farmhouse.  I admired the property as we approached the house.  It was a
typical farm--waving wheat fields, several dairy cows contentedly grazing,
even a ramshackle red barn.  It was so ordinary it was breathtaking!  

     We soon pulled up to the house and Cheryl turned off the truck.  She
opened the door and hopped out.  Mandy, who was still perched on my dick,
reached down to my crotch and pulled my dick out of her pussy with a soft
plopping sound.  

     "C'mon, lover, time to meet the gang!" she said, as she easily hopped
out of the truck.  I did the same, although with difficulty since my pants
were still down around my ankles.  Now that she had more room, Mandy took off
her runners and then completely removed her jeans, leaving her luscious young
body completely exposed to my gaze.

     "I've been wanting to walk around here nude for a long time," she told
me as I clumsily got out of the truck.  "But it's kind of difficult to do
that with parents around."

     Suddenly I heard Cheryl's voice coming from the other side of the truck. 
"Hiya, Rex!  I missed you, boy.  We've got someone for you to meet.  Stop
licking me there, we can fuck later!  Quit it!  Stop!"  So, now I get to meet
this Rex character, I thought, listening to Cheryl giggle.

     I walked around to the other side of the truck, stuffing my cock back
into my pants as I went.  I rounded the truck and stopped in amazement. 
There was Cheryl leaning against the truck.  Her jeans were around her ankles
and her hands were spreading her pussy lips wide apart.  This was for the
benefit of an--obviously talented judging by her squirming--tongue belonging
to a... German Shepherd??

     "This is Rex?" I asked, confused.  Cheryl nodded, grinning.  "But you
said that Rex was your lov..."  I trailed off, comprehension dawning.  I
stared at Cheryl in disbelief.
     "Our lover, right!" she said cheerfully.  "And a good one at that.  He'd
taught us everything we know about fucking."  She noticed my frown and became
worried.  "Hey, that's cool with you, isn't it?  I was hoping that you and me
and Mandy and the animals would be able to have some fun while you were here. 
But I couldn't tell you that in any of the letters in case Mom or Dad saw
them."
     I thought about it.  They were fucking animals!  And they wanted me to
join in.  I could almost feel the angel and devil sitting on my shoulder like
they do in Saturday morning cartoons.
     Angel:  Don't do it, it's not right.
     Devil:  Are you kidding?  How can you give up two weeks of bestiality
and incest?  Multi-species orgies all day and all night!  
     Angel:  Yeah, you're right!  Go for it!
     I couldn't have come to a better conclusion myself.  I looked at Cheryl
and said, "What are we standing around here for?  I want to see that doggy
cock shoved up that cute pussy of yours!"
     "I knew you were just as horny and perverted as me and Mandy," she
replied with a grin.  She looked over at Mandy.  "Come on in the house,
Mandy.  You can finish what you're doing in there."
     "Ah, shit.  Okay."  I looked over at her and saw that she was lying on
the ground with her legs spread.  Rex had walked over to her and was standing
over her licking her dripping snatch with gusto.  She had propped herself up
on her elbows and was running her tongue over his (now) semi-hard, fiery-red
doggy prick.  "Come on, Rex, let's go in the house!"  
     She rolled out from under him, stood up, and dusted herself off.  She
looked at us.  "Let's go, guys. If I don't get some doggy cock soon my
pussy's going to melt!"
     "You heard the lady," said Cheryl to me.  I put my arm around her
shoulder and the three of us walked to the house, Rex bounding along eagerly
beside us.

                              END OF PART ONE


