
From ddail@efn.org Sun Oct 29 16:46:48 1995
Distribution: world
Newsgroups: alt.sex.bestiality
Subject: FTA, dog-max
From: neptune@irs.com (Perigon Neptune)
Message-ID: <125.24288.64@irs.com>
Date: Sat, 28 Oct 1995 02:03:00 -0500

From The Archives, Max.  Circa 10/92.

----------------------------- cut here -----------------------------------

Max

(A little background)
Steve and his girl friend bought Max when he was a six week old old puppy.  
He was going to be their dog and they were going to raise him together, 
hoping that he would cement their otherwise shaky relationship.

Steve and his father built a dog house for Max, and set up a long chain run 
for him between the two oak trees in the back yard.  With two people taking 
care of him, Max grew to be a strong and healthy Akita with an excelent 
disposition.  He was filled with youthfull enthusam and  showed off, what 
Steve's girl friend called, his lipstick when ever he was petted or for that 
matter when anyone came near him.  As he grew older his 'lipstick' became 
more pronounced and he seemed to enjoy airing it.  At six months old he was 
on his way to becomming quite a strong dog and somewhat of a handfull.  What 
was also hapenning at this time was that Steve and Karen were begining to 
grow apart and Max was begining to be  left out of things.

It is now one year after I had first met Max and I have just spent a weekend 
with both he and his owner.  What follows is the story of that weekend.


I drove up the driveway and there was Max looking stronger and better looking 
than I remembered him from six months ago.  As usual he was straining against 
the teather of the cable run he was attached to.  I parked the car, put my bag 
on the front pourch and went over to say hi to Max.  After lots of slobbering 
and madly flying paws we said our hello's and I went in side.  The house was 
empty, it was around 3:00 in the afternoon and the note on the kitchen table 
said that Steve would be home around 7:00 and I was to make myself at home 
and he would catch me later.  The first thing I did after taking a leak was 
to let Max loose.  He bounded back and forth across the property and as he 
did I began to wonder if he would come to me if I called him or would he 
disappear never to be seen again.  I figured that although it was great to 
see him run free he wasn't my dog and if anything were to happen to him.....
"Max, come here", I said slapping my thigh as I said it.  He stopped, 
turned, looked at me and came running.  He bounded up the stairs and in to 
the house.  I followed.

There are times when something special clicks between myself and another dog.  
Max and I instantly knew or felt a special comeradreship and as I knelt down 
to pet him more intimately than before, he started to nibble my ear.  I 
looked at him and let him lick my face.  As he did, I opened my mouth and his 
tounge found it's way into my mouth.  We stayed in that position for quite 
sometime with me rubbing his back and digging my fingers into his fur while 
our tounges played. Max and I had never had much contact before, other than 
petting him while Steve and I talked and I wondered what Max's reaction would 
be to my getting a little involved with his body.  Something special was 
happening but I had been bitten a few times and realy didn't know this dog 
all that well to get carried away on first meeting.  So I procededly carefuly 
as I let my hand slip down his chest and finaly to that bare spot of skin 
near his belly button. All the time our mouths and tounges were in their 
own world. As I began to rub his belly his strong forelegs grabbed my arm 
and he held on for dear life as he started to hump. I pulled my hand away, 
up and out.  The first of what would end up being many scratches slowly grew 
on my arm and I knew that this was going to be a somewhat amazing weekend.

He was in the mood.  He was in the mood like I have never felt or seen a 
dog before.

On my knees I loosened my belt and quickly got rid of my pants.  He was a 
little confused by my movements and stood back a bit and then came close to 
sniff my newely exposed body.  His nose probded deep in to my ass cheeks 
and as i was looking back at him he came forward and gave me a big kiss in 
the ear.  I reached over to his penis and found him dripping and hard knotted.  
I gave him a few quick rubbs behind the knot and he started to come as his 
penis slowly emerged from its sheath.  I adjusted my self so as to put 
my self in better position for him to mount me.  Which he did but since he 
had never done this before he was humping left leg and thigh.  I straightened 
out my leg to get him off and rested my head on the floor and tapped my rear 
end.  He walked around and inspected things.  As he did I reached around to 
one of his legs and gently lifted it to my back.  He got the picture very 
quickly and with some minor adjustments had a hold of my hips and was humping 
furiously.  After a few painfull misses he entered me. His humping became 
deeper and more rhymthemic but the pace hadn't let up.  I thought to my self 
'if I don't watch it I will have his huge knot inside of me and he is just to 
damn big for me.  His first wave of hormones subsided and he slid off of me 
and started to lick my ass.  I turned around and with my head bowed, began to 
rub his chin with the back of my head. He bore down on me with his head and 
we rubbed heads and chins for a second or two. With a quickness that suprised 
me he threw his legs around my shoulders and pulled my head down to his penis 
and started all over again, humping and spraying his juices all over my head 
and face.  I pursed my lips and took him into my mouth.  With this new feeling 
he began to fill my mouth with his ever growing thrusting penis and a flood 
of warm seminal fluid.  His thrusting slowed as I massaged the tip of his 
penis with my tounge but the flood kept comming.  By now he was relaxed on 
my back as I began to release his blood gorged penis from my mouth.  We rested 
in this very awkward position for a second or so and then seperated. 

I stood up to survey the damage.  One soaked and torn shirt, numerous 
scratches, one rug burned knee.  Considering the power with which we had 
done what we had done I was still in good shape.  Max too.  Although he was 
panting like mad, I swear he had a huge grin on his face.  I knew that this 
session was far from over.  Getting a little more comfortable, like removing 
my sneekers, changing my shirt, getting rid of my underware, I sat on the 
floor and petted Max.  I am 6'3" and sitting there 1/2 naked I look over 
into Max's face.  I was tired and lay down stil petting and rubbing Max.  

For the second time he suprised me: with almost a dive he drops the full 
weight of his head and shoulder on to my face and starts to rub me.  The 
way a dog will identify a carcass with his body.  It was amazing.  Apparently 
I was his now exclusively. His weight was a little bit to much for me so I 
slid out and over a bit.  Boom, he hit again.  This time I responded by 
holding on to him around his shoulders.  He straightened up and we kissed 
long and hard on the mouth.  He then worked over to my ear as I held tightly 
to his sides, rubbing.  I worked down to his penis and massaged the base of 
it.  We started all over again but this time as he hoped on my back I let him 
ride me just above my hole in the crack of my ass as I reached around and 
held his growing knot tightly in my hand, very tightly.  He was huge by this 
time and my back and his belly were soaking.  I held on tightly to his penis 
just behind his knot and directed him into my ass once again.  With his knot 
as big as it was I relaxed and let him drive me as hard as he wanted: this 
put us both over the edge.  As he slowed down I once again reached around 
and held him, by the knot, deep inside of me.  He relaxed a bit and rested 
on my back.  All the while still deep inside of me with me holding on to him 
and him filling me with his fluids. As I let go of him he slid off my back 
and I rolled on to mine and took him in my mouth, once again and massaged his 
tip while I jerked off. As i jerked off he watched me and as I came he was a 
little startled.  There was lots.  It had been many years since I had had 
this kind of a partner.  I was spent. He sniffed my cum and licked the head 
of my dick and then kissed me.  I got up.  Straightened the floor, took a 
shower and put my clothes (both wet and dry) away.  As I am drying off he 
is looking up at me. He licked some water off my leg and went to the kitchen 
for a drink.  I got dressed went to the kitchen and filled his bowl with 
more water.  I looked at the clock: it was  4:30.  We had been at it for an 
hour and a half and we both realized that there was more to be done but not 
now.  We went out side. I smoked a cigarette.  He went chasing squirles.  It 
was a beautiful fall day, the leaves were just begining to turn and the sun 
was shining through the trees at that angle that only happens for a short 
time this time of year.

BEEP...BEEP  I am siting there lost in thought.  Totaly ignoring where Max is. 
I hear him bark.  It's Steve comming up the drive.  Max comes bounding over 
to the car as Steve gets out.  
"I see you two have made friends.  How ya doing?"  
I say "Fine" and reach down to pet Max.  Bad tactical error on my 
part.  Max goes wild, I assume thinking more fun stuff is about to happen.  
"Down! Max" Steve says.  Max is unfazed.  
"Since Karen left I bet this guy gets away with a lot" says I with an inward 
smirk.  
"I have been so damn busy...but anyway lets go inside. I don't have much 
time. I have to get my ass to a meeting at 6:00"

Steve walks in to the house leaving Max outside.  
"Arn't you going to tie him up?", I ask.  
"Oh, yea...  How long has he been lose?, says Steve. 
"About an hour, I answer. "Oh good, I'll be up in a second."  

Steve walks over to the trees with a reluctant Max in tow, as I walk inside, 
and chains him up.

Steve comes in and after about 1/2 hour of catching up he goes to shower 
and change.  Returning he tells me not to wait up for him because he is 
going out after the meeting and probably wont be home till after 2:00. 
Steve rushes off to his meeting. I rummage through the refridgerator looking 
for something which might resemble fixings for supper.  Nothing but strange 
aluminum foil wraped objects.  I decide to go out to dinner.

When I return around 9:00, Max is asleep at the end of his chain run.  
I pull in and turn off the car.  Max is going crazy. I let him off the chain.  
We go up the stairs and in to the house......

