                    HOW TO GET A FEMALE TO LET YOU FUCK HER! 
 
          In today's society, it is relatively easy to get laid, but it 
     does always help when you have a GAME-PLAN!  This is what I am about 
     to offer you, A planned way to get your prick into a female's vagina 
     (cunt).  Getting a woman to willingly drop her pants for you is not 
     what would be classified as an easy task, but the ultimate result of 
     a warm and wet pussy snugly wrapped around your throbbing cock is 
     certainly well worth your most earnest effort!  First, Don't bother 
     trying to go after the most popular or the best looking female in 
     your life!  That Bitch already has every stud in the world trying to 
     BANG her...  Search out a plain looking female who looks like she 
     would be flattered by attention...  This does NOT mean to pick a 
     female who is not worthy of your attention.  The selection of the 
     TARGETED female is your initial step in the procedure! 
 
                      THE INITIAL ENCOUNTER AND COURTSHIP 
 
          Your selected Bitch should possess the following traits: She 
     should have an out going personality, a friendly smile and fairly 
     large tits!  She should be very limited in The Dating Game, and she 
     should not have a current boyfriend.  After all, this isn't a lesson 
     on how to pick up a Bimbo or a common whore!  This is a lesson on how 
     to PREY on a young and innocent female!  You now want to show an 
     interest in this female.  Start out by smiling at her when-ever you 
     see her...  After a few days, if you don't already know what her name 
     is, BUMP into her by accident, and act embarrassed, but keep smiling 
     at her when you do this...  Then take this opportunity to introduce 
     yourself to her by exchanging names, and be sure to compliment her 
     that 'She is one of the most attractive females that you have seen in 
     months!' and it just so happens you have common interests! 
     (CHEAT! Find out one of her interests and study up on it!) After 
     all, this is the female that you have decided that you want to 
     FUCK!  Now start SWEET TALKING your target!  Mention to her that 
     you heard that she is also interested in WHATEVER!  She will jump 
     at this chance, unless you are a FUCKING DORK, and then you should 
     have gone after the DOG that looked she should be BARKING AT THE 
     MOON! 
 
                                BREAKING THE ICE 
 
          At this point, you should already be sending out sexual signs to 
     let the female know her mind and brains are NOT your only interest! 
     Look down at her tits WHILE you are talking to her.  DO NOT GAWK AT 
     THEM, but simply let her know that you've noticed that she has a 
     PRETTY decent set of tits!  If she is still receptive of your 
     advances, you are already 20% there!!  It is now time to BACK OFF !! 
     You have accomplished your first step in your journey toward Sexual 
     gratification!  She will need a day or two to digest your encounter. 
     With any LUCK, she will have bragged to a few of her friends 
     about you.  This will REALLY put the final nail in her Vaginal 
     coffin, and make her an extremely easy target!  When ever you see 
     her, keep smiling, and keep letting her know that you are STILL 
     very interested in her. If you have a chance to chat with her, 
     REMEMBER to pay her compliments like 'How PRETTY her hair looks, or 
     what a LOVELY dress she is wearing, or how INTOXICATING her perfume 
     is!  It is now time to move in on your prey like a frigging MAD dog 
     in HEAT!! 
 
                              LET THE CHASE BEGIN! 
 
          It is now time to turn on your charms.  You should be acting 
     friendlier and certainly more aggressive toward her as each day and 
     hour passes.  It is now time to ask her out on a date that will 
     involve your MUTUAL interest.  (Let the scenario be that you both 
     enjoy going to the movies.)  This part takes some BALLS, but if 
     you want to get laid, you gotta DO IT!  Ask her to go to that movie 
     with you!  You will have to pay her way.  The first date should be 
     nothing more than holding hands in the movies and maybe an 
     occasional kiss.  Unless she takes the initiative, DO NOT attempt 
     to sexually molest her, not yet anyway!  After your FIRST date has 
     ended, make it a point to let her know what a GREAT time you had 
     being with her, and set up another date in a few days..  (This will 
     again give her time to BRAG to her girl friends about the WONDERFUL 
     guy she has started to date!)  She is now to falling into the 
     'PEANUT BUTTER LEGS' (Easy to spread) trap!  Your GETTING LAID game 
     plan is now 40% complete!  It is now time to start the physical 
     assault of the Bitch that you have targeted! 
 
                               BAITING YOUR HOOK 
 
          To begin your physical assault of your chosen female!  You must 
     realize that you simply can not rip off her clothing and just FUCK 
     her!  It must be done with a smooth and sophisticated technique... 
     It is now mandatory that you relate to this female that you care 
     DEEPLY about her!  You must make her feel that she is the ONLY female 
     in the world that you have any genuine feelings for...  Once she 
     believes that, ANYTHING is possible!!  The next step is to lure her 
     into your apartment when nobody else is home.  If this is not 
     possible, get her in a car and drive to a secluded area.  If there 
     are no secluded areas, or lover's lanes in your neighborhood, try the 
     back of the Cemetery or in back of an empty warehouse or even in a 
     vacant garage.  You have now arrived at the CRUCIAL point where this 
     female must be reassured that she is 'THE SPECIAL GIRL IN YOUR LIFE' 
     (At least for this evening!) It is now the proper time for your
     Sexual Assault on her to begin!  Foreplay is the most crucial and 
     final step in your master Game Plan!  It requires gentleness, and the 
     understanding of her inner fears.  Unless you have selected a totally 
     clueless bitch, she has some idea of the situation that she is about 
     to get herself into.  Also, keep in mind that females enjoy sexual 
     stimulation as much as males, so you will actually be doing her a 
     favor, if you do it right!  It must be pleasurable for her, or she 
     may decide to reject your advances!  Look this female directly in the 
     eyes, smile slightly and tell her that she has the most beautiful 
     eyes that you have ever looked into!  Before she can reply to your 
     compliment, reach out and stroke her hair.  Again smile and tell her 
     how soft and lovely her hair is.  While you have your hand on her 
     hair, tell her how sensuous her lips are.  At the same moment, curl 
     your outstretched hand around the back of her neck, and pull her face 
     toward yours.  Next, give her a tender kiss in the lips.  Do not make 
     it last for more than two seconds.  Look directly into her eyes, 
     tenderly smile at her, and again kiss her, but this time make it last 
     for about 10 seconds, and do it with a bit more passion. 
 
                          INITIATING FOREPLAY PART TWO 
 
          Reassure her that you care very much about her, and her 
     feelings.  This part is extremely crucial!  Most of all make DAMN 
     sure that she understands that you RESPECT her!  If she falls for 
     that line of SHIT, you are about 60% there!  In order for you to 
     receive pleasure from a female, you must first give her pleasure! 
     Tenderly take this female into your arms and gently hug her.  While 
     you are hugging her, put your head on her shoulder so your mouth is 
     near the side of her neck.  Next start to gently kiss the side of her 
     neck.  Move your mouth slightly after each kiss, but continue to work 
     in the same general area for about one full minute.  This action will 
     send shivers of excitement through her whole body.  At this point you 
     should once again kiss her on the lips.  As you kiss her, gently 
     slide your hands to her back and with your fingers spread wide apart, 
     firmly pull her body toward yours, as you slightly massage her and 
     relax her.  Rub her shoulders, the back of her neck, and the lower 
     sides of her back.  Continue these actions, as you continue to kiss 
     and caress the Bitch.  While you are kissing her neck, take a moment 
     to take a deep breath and gently breath into her ear.  (DO NOT BLOW 
     INTO IT, JUST BREATH INTO IT!) This will arouse her PASSION and get 
     her FEMALE SEX JUICES flowing! 
 
                         INITIATING FOREPLAY PART THREE 
 
          At the first moment that you notice her mouth opening slightly 
     while you are kissing her, slide your tongue into her mouth and move 
     it around her tongue, and begin to kiss her slightly harder.  Start 
     to breath slightly harder to let her know that she has started to get 
     you excited!  As you play kissy tongue, slide one of your hands onto 
     her chest, and very gently rub it across her tit!  She should not 
     have any objection at this point.  Keep deeply kissing her and slide 
     the other hand onto her other tit.  Begin to gently message her tits 
     in a circular motion, while you also gently squeeze them.  Remember, 
     you are not milking a friggin' cow; you are seducing a female!  It is 
     now time for you to start upwrapping (undressing) your sexual like 
     unbuttoning your own shirt with one hand, days before this event 
     takes place.  Before you take the Bitch to the secluded area, you 
     should make mental notes of the type of blouse, dress, pants, nylons 
     etc.  that she is wearing.  Remember where the zippers are; see if 
     her blouse buttons are in the front or the back.  If she is wearing a 
     sweater, you may have to slide your hands underneath it. 
 
                         INITIATING FOREPLAY PART FOUR 
 
          If your selected Bitch is allowing you to fondle her tits 
     through her clothing she will also allow you undress her to the point 
     that you can play with them she is naked from the waist up.  To do 
     this, you must first carefully unbutton her blouse or even assist her 
     in removing her sweater.  Next you will be faced with removing her 
     bra.  Some of these little suckers can be tricky!  Most bras are 
     hooked in the rear.  The larger the tits, the more hooks you'll 
     find!  If you put your finger on one side of the hook and your thumb 
     on the other side then squeeze, the hook can be undone with one 
     careful that you don't tear any of her clothes, because her mother or 
     father might figure out what you have done to their daughter, and 
     that could lead to you receiving a severe beating!  Unless the Bitch 
     helps you to totally remove the bra, don't bother trying to get it 
     all the way off.  Once the hooks are undone, you can slip your hands 
     beyond her stomach, up to her tits, and fondle to your heart's 
     desire!  Next, it is time to start sucking on her nipples!  This 
     causes a wonderful sensation in a female's body it actually activates 
     her 'I WANT MORE' button!  Naturally, after 5 or 10 minutes of this 
     TIT action, you will be happy to oblige her! 
 
                         INITIATING FOREPLAY PART FIVE 
 
          Do not just suck on her nipples.  Move your tongue around it 
     also.  Foreplay is a body massage done with your hands, fingers and 
     tongue.  The entire intent of this exercise is to arouse the Bitch's 
     sexual excitement...  At some point during your sexual attack, you 
     may encounter some resistance.  The Bitch may say something like 
     'PLEASE STOP!' This is a simple ploy used by many females, because 
     they don't want you to think that they are a tramp!  Ignore those 
     stupid requests.  You might consider putting her at ease saying that 
     you promise not to go any further than you have already gone.  (Lie 
     to the Bitch!  Tell her that you er h her!  Tell her WHATEVER she 
     wants to hear!) Continue to kiss her, lick her, hold her, squeeze 
     her, rub her, suck on her nipples and fondle her...  Continue your 
     sensual and sexual body massage...  There is a wonderful mechanism 
     built into all females!  It is an audible report of the progress of 
     your assault.  Listen for her to start breathing HEAVILY!  This means 
     that her defenses are weakening and her body is now ready for the 
     next step of your Game Plan!  You are now ready to attack her most 
     private area!  It is time to direct your efforts and energy to 
     getting your hand into her pants, so you can start rubbing her cunt! 
 
                         IT'S TIME TO GET DOWN & DIRTY! 
 
          Before you can get at her cunt, you must continue to undress the 
     Bitch.  This is a CRITICAL moment, because fear and panic may arise 
     when she realizes just how far she has already allowed you to 
     proceed!  You must overcome any and all her objections at this point 
     or ALL of your efforts will be lost!  You may have to promise the 
     Bitch that you will not go 'ALL THE WAY!' You just want to make her 
     feel GOOD because you CARE about her and you er h her, and be sure to 
     let her know that if she cares about you, she will let you rub her 
     between her legs!  When you first begin to rub her pussy, it should 
     be done over her clothing, until the sensation of sexual bliss begins 
     to further enhance her physical joy.  Her breathing will become 
     noticeably increased and she will reach the point where she will 
     start to make moaning sounds.  You should still be kissing, hugging 
     and rubbing her while you start to loosen her pants.  Assuming that 
     the Bitch is breathing very heavily, and is now in FULL heat, you 
     should be able to unbutton or unzip her lower garments so you can 
     make enough room so you can comfortably slide your hand between her 
     legs.  First, gently, then firmly rub the hairy area above her cunt! 
 
                        HOW TO PROPERLY FONDLE HER CUNT 
 
          You have now reached another crucial point in your molestation 
     of the Bitch.  There are two ways to rub a cunt: The RIGHT way and 
     The WRONG way.  If you do it the wrong way, and it is not satisfying 
     to her, or even worse, if you cause her any pain, you can TOTALLY 
     forget about getting laid!  The very first step is to get her legs 
     spread far enough apart so that her cunt is accessible to your hand. 
     Curl your hand into a fist with your middle finger sticking out and 
     reach down between her legs and gently slide it upward.  Doing this 
     will accomplish several different things.  First, it will separate 
     her cunt hairs.  If you don't get them separated, it will be painful 
     for the Bitch, so make sure you do it enough times so that your 
     finger slides smoothly from the bottom to the top of her cunt.  It 
     will also open her cunt lips, and it will expose her clitoris (clit) 
     so that you can start to rub it.  As your finger travels from the 
     bottom of her cunt lips to the top, you will notice two things. 
     First her cunt will be wet.  Second at the top of her cunt lips there 
     will be a piece of skin that slightly hangs out or may even seem a 
     little bit swollen.  That is her Clit!  That is the magic button of 
     her pussy!  Take two fingers and slide them back down to her cunt 
     lips and insert them just far enough into her cunt to get them wet. 
     Now slide them back up to her clit and rub it from side to side.  Do 
     not rub it up and down!  You will know when you are doing it right, 
     because the Bitch will start to groan with extreme PLEASURE!  You may 
     also alternate by rubbing in a circular pattern.  Keep in mind that 
     the Bitch is getting close to achieving an ORGASM (Getting her rocks 
     off).  At this moment, if she hasn't already done so, take her hand 
     and place it on your prick so that she can start to give you mutual 
     pleasure.  Be sure to whisper to her 'OH GOD!  LOOK AT HOW HOT YOU 
     HAVE MADE ME!' This will enhance her sexual and animal desires even 
     more!  Let her know just how WONDERFUL your body is beginning feel. 
     Keep rubbing her Clit, and keep kissing and caressing entire body. 
     The moment as soon as she finishes getting her rocks off, keep 
     hugging and kissing her!  Reassure her about how much you love her 
     and what a wonderful experience you enjoyed with her.  Do NOT let her 
     feel guilty about it, because the BEST is about to happen!  You are 
     now going to try to FUCK this HOT little Bitch! 
 
                             HEADING FOR HOME PLATE 
 
          If you have properly followed ALL of the steps, there is no 
     reason that the Bitch will refuse to let you FUCK her.  After all, 
     you serviced her well, and it is now time for her to repay you for 
     what you did for her.  If she hasn't already unzipped your fly and 
     pulled your prick out, do not hesitate to do it for her.  Take her 
     hand and wrap it around your cock, and show her how to move it up and 
     down so that it feels best for you.  Do not let her rub it too much, 
     because you will soon need it for BIGGER and BETTER things.  While 
     the Bitch is rubbing your cock, you should be rubbing and squeezing 
     her tits, and again rubbing her pussy.  By now, her clit is very 
     sensitive, so you should now insert one finger directly into her cunt 
     and concentrate on an area often referred to as the 'G' spot.  It is 
     inside her pussy and since pussies are like snow flakes (no two are 
     alike) the 'G' spot can be located almost anywhere inside.  You will 
     need the Bitch to inform you when you have located her inner button.
                      
                      INSERTING YOUR PRICK INTO HER PUSSY 
          
          It is now time for your reward if you followed your game plan 
     properly!  By now this Bitch should be BEGGING to get fucked, but if 
     she isn't, do not dismay!  It doesn't mean that you won't get laid, 
     it just means that you may have to use a few TRICKS of the trade to 
     get what you want from her.  You should now have the Bitch totally 
     undressed from her waist down.  This means that her pants, pantihose 
     and undies should be totally off of her body!  If she objects to this 
     simply assure her that this Many younger females have an extremely 
     tight pussy, so the SECRET to being able insert your cock into her is 
     LUBRICATION!  Most inexperienced females are afraid of having their 
     cunt soaked with things like baby oil, so the next best item that you 
     have is your spit.  While you are hugging her with one of your arms, 
     discreetly put as much spit as you can onto the fingers of your other 
     hand, and smear it all over her cunt.  Get her pussy as juicy as you 
     can, so that penetration will not be a problem.  The next and final 
     step is really easier that you would think.  Simply hug the Bitch and 
     pull her as close to you as you can.  Make sure that you slide your 
     leg between her legs as you do this.  Your body should now be laying 
     directly on top of her.  Without any hesitation, you should slide 
     your other leg between her legs, and spread hers far apart!  Now is 
     the EXACT time to lunge your cock forward toward her warm and wet 
     hole!  You probably will have to direct your cock with your hand 
     until you find the opening of her gash.  Just move your cock up and 
     of the way in!  By now, the Bitch may object to getting fucked, but 
     there is nothing she can do or say about it.  To alleviate her from 
     having a panic attack, simply assure her that you PROMISE not to CUM 
     inside of her.  Help her to forget her fears.  Ask her about how GOOD 
     her pussy is feeling.  Ask the Bitch if you are humping her too 
     hard.  Keep the humping rhythm going at a pace that she seems to 
     enjoy.  If she is not humping back, simply slide your hand under her 
     ass and pull her toward you each time you thrust forward into her. 
     She will soon understand what she should be doing to mutually please 
     and satisfy both you and her.  Remember that a woman's cunt gives her 
     the same amount of PLEASURE that a prick gives a guy, so sensual 
     pleasures are received by both you and the Bitch. 
 
                          HOW TO PROPERLY FUCK A WOMAN 
 
          Fucking a woman properly is a complicated process.  It is much 
     more complex than just shoving your cock in and out of her cunt until 
     you blow your load!  If you fuck a woman properly, she will BEG for 
     it again and again.  You can turn a Bitch into your personal sex 
     slave once you have mastered the art of sexually satisfying a 
     female.  The most important asset that you can use when you are 
     fucking a Bitch is 'CONTROL'.  Your prick rubbing inside of her cunt 
     will give the female an orgasm as strong and powerful as a male! 
     Believe it!  If you stuff your prick into some Bitch's pussy and blow 
     your load in thirty seconds, I can guarantee you that you will never 
     fuck that Bitch again unless she has recently had Electrical shock 
     treatments.  The secret to fucking a Bitch properly is simply to keep 
     humping, fondling, and kissing her until she CUMS!  Yup!  Broads CUM 
     too, just like guys, but they can CUM more than once!  If you keep 
     fucking a Bitch, she will CUM three, four or five times!  It may take 
     her a couple of minutes between each orgasm, but it WILL happen if 
     you keep fucking her!  If the word 'CONTROL' comes into play. 
 
                            HOW TO PRACTICE CONTROL 
 
          Control simply means preventing yourself from CUMMING.  It isn't 
     easy.  But it can be accomplished by two different methods.  The 
     first method is physical.  When you start to get the feeling that you 
     are about to CUM, you should FORCE yourself like you are trying to 
     PISS.  It isn't easy, but it works.  Your prick is HARD so you won't 
     be able to piss, but the bodily function of straining to piss will 
     send a message to your BALLS that you don't to 'SHOOT YOUR WAD' yet. 
     The second method to prevent you from CUMMING is mental.  This means 
     that you have to STOP thinking about what you are doing, and think 
     about something that has NOTHING to do with sex.  Think about a 
     problem or some situation that you are currently dealing with.  Get 
     your mind off of the fact that you are having sex because it will 
     only excite you, and that will make you cum.  CONTROL is the 'SEXUAL 
     SECRET' to being THE GUY that every Bitch wants to LAY!  Once you 
     have mastered this technique, you will DESIRED by every Bitch who has 
     heard about your STAYING powers, and believe me, Bitches do gossip 
     about shit like this, so your sexual reputation will rapidly grow! 
 
                      YOU ARE NOW READY TO BLOW YOUR LOAD! 
 
          You are now humping and thumping your Bitch.  She has CUM 
     several times and it is now time for you to 'BLOW YOUR LOAD', but you 
     must first ask the Bitch if she is currently taking Birth Control 
     pills.  If she is, Go for IT!!!                                     


