Archive-name: Bestial/fulfilld.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Fantasy Fulfilled, A


I've had some serious animal fantasies for about 10 years. Unfortunately,
being a City Boy, they have been consistently and systematically
frustrated. You would think that being alone for an hour or two with a
large, furry dog or something would be a regular occurrence, but not
having one of my own, I had never been so fortunate. Furthermore, I'm no
danger freak, and the stress of trespassing on someone's property for the
sake of finding a horse would render me completely sexually dysfunctional.
So, for the past decade, I've been a bestialist wannabe, drooling over the
many stories that Wolf has told me but never being so lucky myself.

That was, until last week.

Thanks to the wonders of Usenet, I found someone in my area that was into
animals, the one we all know and love as Centaur. We got in touch. We
arranged to meet. And, Monday before last, I found myself driving down the
freeway *much* faster than my typical, conservative speed...

The trip was longer than I had expected; I arrived at Centaur's house
about ten minutes late. A large German shepherd greeted me at the door,
and snuffled gently in the frosty air. A moment later, the door opened,
and Centaur himself appeared at the door, inviting me in.

After some introductory conversation, the topic turned naturally to
animals. Since I had expressed a particular interest in his dog Salem, he
suggested that I let him in. He was a very large, gentle, and friendly
dog, exactly the kind I liked. "He loves licking dicks" he said,
suggesting that I try this out. I stood up, and the minute I started
unbuttoning my shirt, the dog knew exactly what was up. Poor Salem could
barely contain himself, he was so horny. It was almost impossible to
remove my jeans with him jumping against me and trying to hump my leg.
Once I had completely disrobed, I wanted to play with him a bit, but he
was absolutely singleminded in his goal. "Mind if I go ahead and let him
fuck me?" I asked of my host. "No problem" he replied, seemingly quite
interested in the outcome. Having no experience with large dogs, I
enquired about the size of his erect cock and knot, worried that his knot
might be so big as to split my ass in two. "Oh, it's pretty big", he said,
making a circle with his thumb and forefinger not quite touching. "You
don't want to let him get it inside you". Somewhat relieved that he didn't
have to use both hands in the gesture, it was clear that with my already
much-abused asshole, I had little to worry about despite his caution. I
got down on my hands and knees, and Salem was on top of me in an instant,
madly stabbing his dick in every direction as he sought satisfaction for
his burning lust.

I tell you, if this dog had been human, I'd have thrown him out and locked
the door. I had no idea that any living creature could be so completely
uncoordinated. He would manage to enter my asshole initially, but then
slide off to one side and repeatedly (and somewhat painfully, I might add)
poke my thighs, usually falling off entirely in the process. Then he would
stand up, walk in a ritualistic circle around me, and try again, sometimes
licking my asshole with his rough tongue before mounting. In the face of
such a ridiculous situation, I was in complete hysterics over his brutish
clumsiness.

It is fortunate that dogs have no pride. Eventually, with some firm
guidance, he got his whole dick in, and his knot started swelling inside
my ass. Unfortunately, it was only in for a moment before it popped out
again and he fell off. His dick was less aesthetic than I had suspected,
but a turn-on nonetheless. It was about six inches long, somewhat narrower
than a human dick, and thickest in the middle. It had no glans, but a fair
bit of extra skin around the end. The knot was about the size and shape of
a child's clenched fist - not smooth and round as I had expected, but
lumpy and alien looking, more baroque and obscene than anything I had
imagined.

These initial rounds weren't too successful, and the poor animal was
growing ever more sexually frustrated. He was extremely protective of his
dick, and didn't like having it touched. So, I figured he'd better cool it
for now. I put on my clothes, and the gumboots my host offered me, and we
went out to the barn to visit his mare.

Nikki, the mare, was inside a shed attached to the barn, and when the
Centaur opened the door, she knew exactly what was going to happen. She
stepped ahead of me into the barn, and marched right into a wide bay with
a few strategically placed mirrors and a feeding bucket at the end. The
barn had the ammonia smell of animal piss and wood rot, a fragrance that I
normally found disagreeable, but which was extremely erotic in this
particular context. A large sow, who apparently only liked getting fucked
when in heat, was in a large pen next to the door, grunting noisily. The
cold air was hardly noticeable as I removed my completely inappropriate
leather jacket and white shirt so that I might get closer the great animal
without soiling them.

Ron handed me a pail of oats to put in Nikki's feeding bucket, a meal she
fell to quickly and with enthusiasm. As I stroked her mane and somewhat
muddy hide, Centaur put a long board across the rear of the pen. I moved
back and tentatively ran my fingers around her labia and asshole, which
induced her to lift her tail up invitingly. Her vagina was surprisingly
tight, even to a single finger. Centaur told me that his other mare,
currently living elsewhere, had foaled and thus was considerably sloppier;
Nikki, however, was a virgin to horse cock and thus still a snug fit.

Horses aren't very expressive as animals go, and Nikki hardly responded at
all as I slid my dick into her. Her hole was moist, but not so slimy as I
had expected. The feeling was foreign, but sensuous and delicious. As I
started fucking her, she started to respond with increasing pleasure,
milking my dick with her cunt. Periodically, I paused to play with her
cunt and asshole with my fingers, at one point sliding my tongue inside.
She tasted strange, not very strong, with a distinctly salty and musky
flavor. I resumed fucking her, and tried her asshole for a change. It was
drier and tighter, but it was difficult to stay in as she worked the
muscles so as to push my dick back out. As Centaur wished, I came in her
cunt with a quiet but very intense orgasm. She could clearly tell when I
was nearing climax, as she pushed back hard onto my dick. After
ejaculating, I lay against her hindquarters and slowly worked my
slackening dick in and out as she rocked back and forth in sympathy with
my movement.

Centaur particularly liked fucking horses after someone had already cum
inside them, so it was his turn next. He had been fucking horses for
fourty years, and pleasured himself with Nikki almost every night;
although it had become routine, they both seemed to find great pleasure in
it. He shook all over when he came, and stepped down from the board tired
but smiling.

Centaur had mentioned that it was possible to insert almost all of one's
arm into a horse's cunt, and being intensely curious I asked if I might
try this. Although the horse didn't require any lubrication for fucking,
my hand required a smear of K-Y on her labia. My hand went in easily
almost to the wrist, but then encountered a ring of muscle about six
inches in. This, however, relaxed in a few moments and the horse easily
took my arm up to the elbow. Nikki didn't seem to mind, and at times
rocked backwards in encouragement, but would at other times look behind
her as if to say "What on Earth are you doing?" My arm stopped just short
of the elbow, and I could feel her cervix sticking out at the end of the
deep, warm passage.

Worn out for the time being, Centaur and I returned to the house, where I
showered and admired the welts covering my back where the dog's claws had
scratched me. Centaur showed me his two videos involving bestiality. They
were bordering on the pathetic; both involved groups of lesbians, eating
each other out while making obviously insincere groans and screams. In one
video, a dog was brought in, and was variously pushed and pulled around by
the disinterested actors. One had to feel sorry for the poor animal. In
another, an utterly bored miniature stallion was coerced into fucking -
well, rather his dick was used as a dildo - by another pair of equally
credible blonde lipstick-lesbians. This video was particularly
disappointing, as it could have been much better had the women been more
experienced and the horse more aroused.

By this time, my libido was starting to stir again, so I called in Salem
for another round of rough and uncoordinated sex. I decided to be patient
with him, and let him figure things out for himself. I had to shake him
off once when he mounted me sideways and attempted to fuck my right ear,
but otherwise I let him keep trying. Finally, I managed to grab his knot
and hold his dick in, which caused him to relax and slow his wild humping.
Looking over my shoulder, he was panting loudly with a glazed look on his
eyes; apparently, when dogs get their dicks locked in tight, they settle
down and start slowly leaking semen into whatever they happen to be
fucking. In the pack-dog style, he then attempted to turn around so as to
have his back to me, but it was impossible to keep his dick in me while he
struggled to get facing the other way. Eventually, apparently having had
enough, he gave up his efforts and curled up on the floor. A trip to the
bathroom confirmed that he had deposited about a tablespoon of
strong-smelling cum into my slightly sore ass.

The fulfillment of a fantasy of ten years left me at something of a loss
for words. If I could speak emblematically, I might have said something
like this:

:-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)
:-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)
:-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)
:-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)
:-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)
:-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)

It was a bit of a disappointment, in fact, to discover in the morning that
the claw marks of the previous night had mostly faded away; it had pleased
me greatly to wear the tangible signs of my most outrageous deviancy. I'd
been fucked by a dog, fucked a horse, and loved both of them. It was
exhilarating to have crossed this ultimate threshold; not as a sexually
frustrated youth with nothing better to do, but as someone who went with
my most outlandish fantasies and had a great time of it. This was a great
big "Fuck You" to the world and all its insanity, the ultimate rejection
of our erotophobic culture. Typing these words still gives me a thrill: I
fuck animals, and I *like* it! If only those welts could last forever...

In retrospect, I wonder what our criteria for "normal" really are all
about. I watch some of my hetero classmates at the university, with their
hopelessly twisted relationships, entrenched in deception and posturing,
and reflect on what they could learn from animals. Animals are so
straightforward, honest, and sensual; sometimes I feel like Gulliver on
his return from the land of the Houyhnhnms, completely fed up with human
follies. Kind of makes me wonder why I bother sitting through those long
physics lectures. ;-)

Since then, I've been over to Centaur's house one more time, and had fun
once again with both Nikki and Salem. I could really get into the
ritualistic sexuality of dogs, with all that walking around in circles, or
the quiet serenity of horses. I don't think that bestiality is a Really
Big Thing in my life, certainly nothing like my attraction for big, furry
men. But it's a Thing nonetheless.

A very good thing indeed.

--
