OPEN MARRIAGE CHRONICLES

"Full Disclosure"
 
By ELLEN
 
     I mentioned all but one of our experiments in liberated marriage 
happened a few years ago over a twenty month period. This is the exception. 
     After posting these stories on a compu-chat service, I received an e-
mail inquiry from a grad studies sociology student who asked if Bill and I 
could meet him for an interview for his lifestyles thesis. 
     I agreed to the next Monday evening, when we would return from a 
weekend at our beach condo.  Because Bill had to stay on the coast that 
evening for an appointment and couldn't be there, I suggested to the student 
that we meet at a neutral setting, a restaurant and lounge halfway between 
his school and our home.  
     I was wearing a soft white silk skirt, a low-cut loose fitting red 
blouse, and a blue scarf.  The lounge was packed, so I skipped drinking 
alone as I waited at the door near the cashier's register in the narrow 
walkway separating the lounge from the restaurant. 
     Drew strode in 5 minutes after I'd arrived. At first glance, I thought 
I'd seen him before. Just as he'd described himself, he was muscular, with a 
broad smile beneath a tousled mat of blond hair. He wore a dark blue safari 
suit and clasped a weather-worn, dark green stationery box under an arm. He 
was standing straight, like a military cadet, his shoulders back. He would 
have been only slightly taller than me if I hadn't been wearing three-inch 
heels. I squinted, searching his face for a clue; I couldn't remember at 
that moment of whom Drew reminded me. 
     We were seated at the last available table next to an incredibly large 
aquarium. The restaurant was noisy. A particularly loud band was playing 
near us, waitresses were chatting with a birthday crowd at the next table, 
and electronic gimmicks were popping everywhere, including an overhead 
electric train puffing and hooting past us every minute or so.  
     Drew opened his stationery box and grinned as he said, "This is what 
I've been doing with my life for the past six months." He was showing me his 
first draft of a thick thesis, concerning marital life-styles, including a 
couple of open marriage types he'd researched, interviews with swinging 
couples he'd met through a correspondence magazine, and a an outline of a 
couple of marital pursuits I didn't even know existed. He concluded, "What 
interested me about you two was that Bill's a 'watcher.' I just wanted to 
know what makes him tick. Sorry he couldn't be here." 
     In the din of voices, music, and clattering dishes, I missed much of 
what he was telling me. After ten minutes of straining to hear, with no 
waitress in sight, I suggested we drive to our home. We drove in separate 
cars. The late evening streets were still wet from a brief Florida 
thundershower. The multi-colored lights of neon signs, street lamps, and a 
line of cars streaming west to the suburbs cast long brilliant reflections 
on the wet highway. 
     We entered through the door from the garage. I mixed a pitcher of 
margaritas, set the pitcher and a couple of diet sodas on a tray, and led 
him into the den, where I turned on the stereo and flicked on a table lamp. 
The room was bathed in a dim red glow from the lamp's two red bulbs. I sat 
on the couch across from Drew in the overstuffed chair. He reached behind, 
thumbed over the spines of books on our ceiling high shelf, then turned 
toward me, chewing his lower lip like he was trying to think of what to ask       Turning on his pocket recorder, he began asking questions like "Why do 
you think you did that?" or "When did Bill's reaction occur to you?" 
     I bit my lip, suppressing a grin; his eyes had widened as I told him 
about a poker party where I was the prize. Five tapes later, he'd gulped 
down several potent margaritas. He poured me the last as I was telling him 
about an incident while accompanying Bill on a business trip to the 
Carolinas. I should have drunk only the diet sodas; a warm glow and 
giddiness had spread through me by the time I'd finished my story. 
     My senses swirling, I stared down at his lap. His penis had swollen; 
the bulging shaft beneath his slacks curved upward, its center protruding 
massively outward in an arch; the walnut-sized head at the end of his stalk 
extended to his belt. My eyes didn't waver from his lap as I asked, my voice 
tremoring, "Anything else?" 
     He clicked off his recorder, his chest heaving. He was staring at my 
widened eyes which were fixated on his obvious bulge.
     My heart was fluttering. Removing my shoes, I stretched my legs, 
resting my feet on the coffee table. His gaze roamed over my body, from my 
semi bared legs to the loose folds of my blouse.
     Dazed, I sat the empty glass on the coffee table. Electricity rippled 
through my body. My senses were spinning as I continued staring at his 
engorged manhood. I shook my head like I was trying to clear the alcoholic 
fog. Remembering the adults-only VCR tape Bill and I had purchased only a 
week before, I breathed, my voice slurring slightly, "Care to watch a 
video?" 
     When he nodded, drunkenly but affirmatively, I lifted the remote 
control switch from the coffee table, my fingers involuntarily massaging the 
instrument. I was mesmerized by Drew's hardness. My throat tremored as our 
eyes locked, each of us pretending not to have noticed the other's 
excitation. I punched a button, clicking on the movie, and inquired, my 
voice quaking, "Think you'd be more comfortable on the couch, alongside me?"
     Drew surveyed the length of my legs, now bared from hips to ankles. He 
walked wordlessly to the couch. A pale vein pulsated in his right temple. 
The intoxication had taken its full toll. Glancing to the immenseness of his 
engorged penis beneath his slacks, I gulped, fearfully. For the first time, 
I'd put myself in a position like this without Bill's permission. Although I 
was trying to convince myself that this visit was social, I knew it wasn't. 
The movie flickered on the TV screen. I fidgeted my legs, trying to calm the 
wanton heat rising in my vagina; instead, the motion was enhancing my lusty 
desires.
     I rarely drink alcohol, but now I was in an intoxicated trance. Erotic 
movies usually don't have the same effect on me as they do on men. Tonight, 
though, was different. After four margaritas and the irradiance of Drew's 
excitation, I was glowing with passion. My full lips quivered. My hands were 
shaking! I saw him stealing glances at my legs and heaving breasts. So there 
we sat, knowing we shouldn't and pretending we weren't.
     The minutes passed. I swallowed. My vaginal muscles pulsated 
uncontrollably. Because my husband and I no longer were engaged in open 
marriage adventures, I was trying to appear unaffected. It didn't work. I 
shuddered softly, leaning against him. My neck brushed his bare arm.
     His fingers traced a sensuous path around my ears. He leaned to kiss my 
neck. Warmed by the liquor and the film's seductive fire, I couldn't resist. 
I moaned. Our lips met, our arms intertwining. He coaxed my back against the 
velvety cushions. 
     My groin quivered up in excitation, pressing against his hardness. Our  hing against the other. Drew unwrapped my dress as I 
fumbled for his zipper. His long, pale stalk was so cleanly circumcised, it 
must have been sculptured by a master surgeon. The walnut-like cock head 
gleamed beneath the dim lighting, its purplish skin stretched tightly over 
its  bulging mass like a undersized rubber glove over a swollen hand.
     And then we were nude. My shaved mound grazed the base of his hardness. 
My clitoris fluttered. His warm cock pressed threateningly against my 
stomach.  His lips brushed my breasts, then moved down my body. 
     I was tremoring as the heat of his tongue's wetness melded with my 
lubrication. The softness twirled around my clitoris. I moaned as my hips 
gyrated madly in passion. I shuddered wantonly, my groin rotating wildly 
beneath him, the searing need for his rubbery tool flooding through my body. 
     Hovering above me, he groaned, "God, you're beautiful!" 
     My lips trembled. I stared at his engorged length, curving up in a long 
arc from his mass of blond pubic hair, pointing toward me! I'd only seen one 
like it, and then I realized why Drew reminded me of someone else! Although 
not as tall, he had the face and body of BRAD, the son of Darryl and Rita. 
     Brad! Brad's parents had known about the arrangement; he'd visited us 
about every other month for a year, fucking me madly for hours on end each 
time. Although I was twelve years older than Brad, I had been the only woman 
he'd ever been with during that time. Our passionate coupling had been 
overwhelming; I'd never tired of his unending stamina. Eventually, I found 
myself counting the days until Brad would return for another week or weekend 
between his college classes for our unrestrained love sessions. 
     And now, MY GOD! DREW EVEN HAD BRAD'S COCK! I was mesmerized by the 
dark, purple-veined cock that I was now stroking, my hand squeezing it back 
and forth from its black mass of pubic hair to the broad, bulging head. I 
ovaled my lips over the rubbery head. My eyes rolled up to worship Drew as 
my tongue slid along his length. His hips thrust toward me, pushing it 
beyond the back of my throat. The smoothness glided through the walls of my 
mouth until I was delirious with desire. I became one with his cock and the 
throaty music drifting from the stereo. I flamed passionately, whimpering 
with each stroke into my quivering lips. 
     The rapture I'd remembered with Brad was flooding into my now 
heightened senses. I wailed as Drew gently pushed my legs apart. My hips 
rotated passionately as he mounted me. My tremoring groin expectantly 
quivered up. I shuddered heavily as his broad cock head brushed my cuntal 
folds. He flinched and moaned as his shaft entered the hungry mouth of my 
vagina. I looked down fearfully to watch as his hips lowered to the vee 
between my legs. His broad manhood was stretching my madly lubricated walls 
to the breaking point. As his shaft sank deeper, I squealed, "Oh My 
GOD-D-D-D!" 
     Now united, his cock so snugly in place, it throbbed and expanded even 
further. My resistant walls were rejecting the enormous pressure of his 
shaft's size. I panicked. Oh GOD, He was huge! I screamed, "You're splitting 
me APART! Oh GOD, Drew!" But when he started to withdraw, I locked my legs 
around his hips, slowly drawing him deeper. Screaming at the combination of 
pain and searing pleasure, I was fucking my lubricious cunt up to suck in 
each thrust of his massive rod. I cried, "UNHHHH! Oh GOD, it's so HUGE! Oh, 
Drew! I'm so fucking hot I don't know what to DO! I don't want you to STOP! 
Oh GOD! It's KILLING me!" But now, my contradictory pleas had no effect on 
him. He slammed into me with a vengeance! Sobbing, I was on fire, my cunt 
rising with each thrust. The bulging root of his cock pounded my clitoris 
like a carpenter's hammer on a softly yielding nail. My mouth opened in 
awesome wonder at the savagery of his onslaught. asure. My cunt danced with 
the rhythm of his steaming cock, fucking back to meet every stroke. I 
screamed wantonly, "Oh-h-h-h, DO it to me-e-e-e! Oh Yes-s-s-s! I LOVE it! I 
LOVE your cock!" My head was rolling from side to side. My body pulsated as 
I thrashed beneath him. In rapture, I stared at Drew's - or was it Brad's! - 
handsome face, his eyes now glazed with lust. The margarita's intoxication, 
the unshakeable image of two young men at once fucking me, burst in an 
explosive shower of mind-numbing pleasure. 
     I mewed. Our lips parted as we studied the faces of the lover we were 
fucking in mad abandon. His jaw curved down from the sides to a squared jaw 
as did Brad's - the mega-cock  pounding into me - the eyes as blue as Brad's 
- my cuntal walls lubricating the submarine that was sweeping through my 
quaking depths - the skin as pale as Brad's! Murmuring my desire, I radiated 
with passion. My long legs fit perfectly around his body. The root of his 
cock slid over my clitoris, eliciting my screams of delight. 
     Drew's hips gyrated before each thrust, then he would ram into me with 
a fury. I tightened my leggy grip to reciprocate each mind-shattering entry. 
My vaginal walls were creaming like fluid from an overturned bottle of 
suntan lotion. I began to cry with uncontrollable passion, wailing, "Oh GOD, 
Drew! It's so fucking AWESOME! Please don't stop, Drew! I'll do anything you 
WANT! Just keep FUCKING me-e-e-e-e!" I was rolling my head in wide circles. 
My soft breasts bobbed and rippled with his violent rhythm. The passion 
mounted. My clitoris was engorged like an overfilled balloon. I forgot 
anything existed except Drew and me; I sobbed, my throat tremoring like a 
leaf, "I'm in fucking LOVE with you, Drew!" And as he rammed his broad cock 
ever faster, I cried, "Oh, GOD-D-D-D! YES-S-S-S! FUCK ME, DREW! FUCK 
ME-E-E-E!" The salty taste of my tears was at once bitter and sweet.
     Then I could feel the overwhelming flutter from within my clitoris, 
like an unstoppable freight train steaming through my groin. The thunder of 
cosmic orgasm was rolling up from lust's distant hills in lightning-laden 
clouds. Drew's cock was now expanding monstrously like a volcanic tidal wave 
about to burst. We shared an ecstatic wail. 
     The veins of his manhood throbbed as he groaned, "Ellen, I'm COMING! Oh 
GOD!" He drove into me with a frenzy, his large balls slapping my buttocks.
     Shuddering, I imagined that he knew my thoughts. And then, somehow I 
knew we'd crossed the final psychological barrier to become ONE; we'd united 
in body and soul, an orgiastic union of his throbbing, rubbery member with 
my hungry cunt. The orgasm was rushing toward us like a tidal wave. I was 
sobbing in delight. My ankles locked around his hips, my groin gyrating 
madly with the awesome rhythm of his ramming cock! 
     And now, OH GOD, it was upon us! We wailed in unison, my breasts 
tremoring heavily. The lightning thunderclapped! A million stars burst 
throughout the room. His warm semen burst through my waiting channel! I 
screamed as his lengthy member erupted molten lava, my legs and arms 
wrapping tightly around him, lifting my body from the couch. My mind was 
spinning in rapturous torrents, capturing his every thought. My body 
shuddered like palm leaves in a hurricane. "I love you," I sobbed, 
collapsing, my arms and legs splayed wide as he continued his mighty 
assault. My vaginal muscles squeezed his softening member.
      We showered.  Exhausted, we lay on the plush carpet. Drew drifted into 
sleep. As I stared down at him, I was stroking the soft length of his warm 
manhood, then snuggled alongside, my arms and legs wrapped about him, my 
throbbing pussy nestled against his leg. I slept until he awoke me at 1 
a.m., his cock curving upward to my lips. 
     Smiling, I pulled his hips above my breasts until he straddled me. I  ock until it swelled, hard and rubbery, and was 
bulging beyond my throat. His shaft's pale outer skin seemed too thin a 
covering for such a hard and massive tool. My lips were sliding up and down 
his length as I rolled my eyes up to watch him, blissfully remembering the 
rapturous symphony of our orgasms. 
     At that moment, amid the glow of his warm length slithering through my 
mouth and the memory of the wondrous fucking, I was in love with Drew.
     Now, he groaned, his tempo increasing as he breathed, "Oh god, Ellen, I 
want you!" I murmured, "I'm yours. I'm a whore! However you want me!" I 
rolled, kneeling away from him. His hands grasped my hips as he entered my 
quivering pussy from the rear. I wanted to feel degraded. Instead, I felt 
just fucking wonderful!
     This time, there was no pain as he slid into my sensitive tunnel. I was 
moaning with pleasure. Feeling his hips slapping my buttocks, I realized 
that Drew had shoved his throbbing monster to the hilt. My hips gyrated, 
tremoring as his lengthy hardness entered my lubricated channel. My vaginal 
walls stretched with each thrilling inch to accommodate him. And then he had 
sheathed the tool to its hilt as my mouth opened widely, my eyes rolling 
with the adulterous passion that gripped my searing soul. His long shaft 
radiated, steaming in the hot coals of my cunt. 
     The imagined scene of Brad again fucking me crazed me with desire. 
Wailing as he thrust into me, my hips rotated, fucking back against him. I 
screamed with each entry, and although I don't swear, I now found myself 
pleading with smoldering passion, "Ohhhh! God DAMN! Fuck me! Fuck me! FUCK 
me, Drew!" It was just so fucking AWESOME! He was driving his tool through 
me with a vengeance. 
     My lips ovaled in wonder. I breathed lustily. I turned my head to watch 
him as he hammered his long instrument into me. My eyes were wide. I was 
cooing between pursed lips, "Oooooh, DO it!  DO it to me!" As he then rammed 
ferociously against me, my breath escaped in a whoosh through the rounded 
fullness of my lips. My fingernails were clawing at the walls above the 
headboard. Wailing as he fucked me wildly, I swirled my hips to his rhythm. 
     Staring back as he bucked against me, he groaned, his voice shaking, "I 
love it, Ellen! I love it! I love YOU, Ellen!" 
     My lips formed an "oh" as our eyes locked. We each understood. We loved 
fucking the other. We loved this adultery. We loved. 
     I relished the exquisite feeling of his huge cock ramming into me. He 
was thrusting with measured strokes as he asked, "Would you be offended if I 
asked a very personal question?" When I nodded negatively, he queried, "Is 
Bill as large as I am?"
     I moaned at his increasing tempo and responded, my voice tremoring, "My 
husband's a more normal size. You're MUCH larger!" Although DREW was shorter 
than Bill in height, Drew's COCK was 4 inches longer!  Women don't judge men 
by sizes or heights, although THIS particular penis reminded me of another I 
love. Yet men seem obsessed with those matters. 
     He was fucking me madly now. My hips rotated my cunt in a ferris-wheel 
like rotation. I stared straight ahead at the walled bookcase as his large 
balls slapped the soft roundness of my buttocks, his cock steaming like a 
hot poker through my flaming vagina. My eyes filled with joyous tears. 
     God, it was incredible! I was now in the vacuum of a distant galaxy, 
rocketing through uncharted stellar streams, my mighty ship's power fueled 
by the throbbing force of Drew's massive engine. Ahead lay a flame-blue 
star, trillions of miles across. The orgasm was building. The tears streaked 
along my cheeks. Then, looking back in awe as he fucked into me, I sobbed, 
"Come WITH me!" Love was positively bursting in my breast.  e eyes rolled. My pussy shuddered with 
the onrushing climax. Wailing, I thrashed my head wildly, my hair flailing 
the air as I faintly heard Drew groan from a distant star, "Oh, god, I'm 
coming!" Oh, wonderful, Drew, I wanted you to come with me! The tears flowed 
down my cheeks. His blue eyes glinted. He was biting his lip in excitation 
when I felt his cock swelling. He was about to come with me! He groaned 
passionately. Our eyes locked. As his cock expanded within me I spread my 
legs further as if I could somehow allow my vagina to hold even more. I was 
biting the softness of my lower lip as I cried, "It's super, Drew! Super! I 
LOVE it!" I reached behind to touch his chest as his cock fucked into my 
hot, wet depths, which were now a vortex of mega-lust that gripped the broad 
cock-head sliding through the mouth of my love tunnel. 
     He was fucking me with a vengeance. The building orgasm was now not so 
distant, rushing up like a mad prehistoric beast screaming for air from the 
primeval depths of a misty cavern. The earth opened before me. I was falling 
through a bottomless chasm of adulterous pleasure with his every thrust, my 
mind enveloping an unknown universe inhabited by only me and Drew. I 
shuddered. The beast within was insane with pleasure. My whoring had now 
spanned eons, all sense of time lost as I cried out frightfully. I was 
praying for the oncoming super-orgasm but fearing I could no longer bear the 
passionate explosion. 
     Then it was happening! The mutual orgasms were rolling over us like a 
landslide. I screamed, "Oh, JESUS-S-S-S!" I was shuddering as my back arched 
expectantly; I dug my fingers into his hips behind me. The white heat of his 
sperm burst through my steaming channel. My vaginal eruptions blasted 
through the belly of my star ship, propelling smoldering fragments across 
the galaxy to fall on distant worlds where love reigns supreme. 
     My body slackened. I collapsed, Drew's kingly length staying within me, 
following - face down - to the carpet. 
     "I love you, Drew," I muttered as he lay across my back, his cock 
filling me. "I truly love you." I wriggled my hips. His lengthy instrument, 
slithering within, seemed to reach into my slender belly. I looked at the 
VCR's digital clock. It was 3.a.m. We had been fucking for two hours. I fell 
peacefully asleep. An hour before sunrise, he nudged me awake, mounting me, 
missionary position, fucking me slowly. I screamed with a second, then 
third, then fourth orgasm; and finally, my vaginal muscles felt his manhood 
expand as he shuddered; my muscles squeezed tightly as I fucked back against 
his thrusting member like my cunt was milking all he could give. He 
shuddered, his fluids rocketing through his lusty length, exploding joyously 
through me. Dazed, I muttered, "I love you." I meant it. I fucking well 
meant it. Drew was just fucking great.
     Two months later, after Drew had appeared before his thesis-review 
board, he was awarded his masters degree. 
     That Friday, Bill and I drove him to a restaurant over at the beach for 
a graduation dinner of lobster. "You deserved the degree," I teased Drew. 
"Your 'homework' was very impressive." He and Bill laughed.
     "You're a good teacher," he smiled. "Good teachers make students do it 
over until they get it right." 
     The three of us drove to our weekend beach condo a mile away where we 
spent the next three days until Drew left for Boston where he's now pursuing 
a doctorate. 
     When we let him off at the airport, he grinned, "I'll need research for 
doctoral studies also," then winked and ran through the terminal door, 
waving back at us.
     The weather was warming. Bill suggested we go to the beach on Florida's   completed his next work project, a couple of weeks away.  
I was remembering that the beach he suggested was where we'd met Greg, with 
whom our marriage first became liberated. 
     I was to see Drew only three more times before he changed his mind 
about where he was going to continue his schooling. He's now pursuing his 
graduate studies in Europe, and I doubt that I'll ever see him again. It 
isn't that I don't want to. It's just that some things we want in life just 
aren't practical. 
THE END
