Archive-name: Changes/fungames.txt
Archive-author: She Devil
Archive-title: Fun and Games She Devil Style


     CHRIST, WHAT TIME IS IT!  Shit, it's still dark.  3:30 AM! 
What idiot could be calling me at this hour?  I hate calls like
this. Either somebody dies or it's a wrong number.  Answer the
phone, dammit.  It's driving me crazy.

     "Would you like to wear my pretty panties, Sissy Boy?"  CLICK!

     Huh?  What the hell?  Wear whose what?  What was that lady
talking about?

     "Who is this?"  Then, I realized that she had already hung up.

                            *********

     "Would you like to wear my pretty panties, Sissy Boy?"

     I had forgotten all about that stupid call.  What was it -
two, maybe three months ago?  I looked at the clock.  God damn if
it wasn't exactly 3:30 AM.

     "Listen, dammit!  Don't hang up.  Who the hell are you?"

     There was a throaty chuckle, a warm sound .  I tried to hear
any background sounds, anything that might be a clue, but there
were none.

     "Would you like to wear my pretty panties,  you ridiculous
Sissy Boy?  Would you like to stand at my door begging me to give
you a pair of black satin panties with lots of the frilliest white
lace?  I'll make sure that they're much too tight.  You'll have to
wiggle to put them on.  Do you want to wiggle and jiggle you soft
sissy fanny into my prettiest panties?"

     "Who the FUCK do you think ...?"

     "When you are ready, tell me so - nicely and sweetly - like
the sissy I know you are.  Tell me that you want to wear any
panties I desire.  I know you'll be begging me soon."

     CLICK.

                            *********

     All right, so laugh at me.

     I didn't do anything to deserve this.  Who was this goofy
bitch anyway and why did she think I was some sort of fruit?  Wear
panties?  Come on and get real!  Okay, what if I am only 5'6" and
weighed only 140 pounds.  Just because I'm not Conan doesn't mean
I'm Miss Priss.  This bitch had me pissed off and I meant to do
something about it.

     But that didn't stop the phone calls. My mystery caller (as I
now referred to her) called me infrequently enough to keep the
police from being interested in doing anything, but often enough to
drive me nuts.  She always called at 3:30 AM.  And she always asked
if I wanted to wear her "pretty panties."

     I was traveling.  Buffalo is drag.  After dark it's dead.  You
drive up to see the Falls and, once you've seen them, there's
nothing else to do.  I watched the movie in my hotel room, left the
room service tray in the hall, and hit the rack.  The phone rang
and I grabbed it.

     "Do you want to wear my pretty panties, Sissy Boy?  Don't you
know that you can't run from me?"

     That was it.  I'd had it.  I wanted to know who this bitch was
and what she wanted with me.  Let's call her bluff and find out
what she's about.

     "What if I do wear your panties?"

     "Now that just won't do, Sissy Boy.  If you want to wear my
silky, slippery panties" (God, was she making me mad!), "then
you'll just have to beg."

     She was going to make this as hard as she could.  If I'm going
to keep her on the line and get some lead on who she is, I'll just
have to play along.

     "Please, uh whoever you are, I'd uh...love to wear...uh...your
panties and..uh,...meet you, if you'd do that, please."

     Well, considering that you asked so sweetly, a package will
arrive at your office tomorrow.  Open it and put on the panties
inside.  Obey the instructions.  If you are very good, I will let
you see what I look like.  And from now on you are to call me "She
Devil."

     CLICK.

                            *********

     No way was I wearing these silly things anywhere.  Just before
noon, express mail delivered a package.  In my hotel room, I read
the note and looked at the panties I'd been sent.  The lacy
undergarment was a wisp of pink satin, covered with rows of stiff
white lace.  I could never wear such a thing.

     I read the note.

          Dear Sissy Boy,

               I hope you like your new panties. Aren't they the
          prettiest things you have ever seen?  I picked them out
          for you because I know pink is your color and lace is
          your favorite.  All sissy boys like pink satin and lace. 
          If you want to see me, wear the panties to  City Center
          Plaza.  I will be there today between 2 PM and 4 PM.  If
          you are very good, you will see me there.

                                        She Devil

So make fun of me too.

     I'm sitting in my car, working up the nerve to walk into the
mall.  I know I'm wearing those damn panties.  Hell, how can I
forget?  They're too damn tight and the ruffles across my ass show
up on the seat of my pants.

     Let's get this over with.  I walked in.  I nearly knocked over
a tall redhead as I went in.  She paid me no notice.  I walked all
around the mall, sat by the food court, and stood by most of the
women's clothing stores but no ne came near me.  The nearest I had
been to a woman who had even so much as looked at me was that
redhead as I entered and I hadn't even seen her face.

     Great, what a fool I made of myself this time!  I have to get
out of here.

     The office answering machine had some messages.

     "Hello, Sissy Boy.  Didn't you notice me?  I noticed you and,
all those frilly rows in your pants."  She described me to a T.  I
was getting madder and crazier.

     "Why didn't you say hello when we passed at the doorway?  You
were in such a hurry that I didn't want to stop you."

     THAT BITCH!!  She had been the woman leaving as I walked in. 
I racked my memory for her face, but I had never seen it.

     "Listen, how do you expect me to know who the fuck you are
when you won't even identify yourself?"

     "MY, OH MY!  Such language.  Sissy Boys never talk like that."

     "Do me a favor and cut the `sissy boy' bullshit.  I put on
these damn panties to meet you and you never showed up, or at least
you never let me know you were there."

     "Is Sissy Boy having a tantrum because She Devil never told
him who she was?  Well, Sissy Boy can meet me if he is really ready
- if he does just what he is told."

     I cannot believe what she is telling me to do.

     CLICK.

     SHIT,  the bitch hung up.  She's not giving me many choices,
is she?

                            *********


     The map was good.  Now that I've found this place,  do I go
in?  It's an old mansion upstate,  lost in the middle of a forest. 
The place sits in a big clearing and this parking lot must be a
hundred yards from the house.  I do not want to do this, but I've
already come this far.  I guess I'll just see it through.

     It's cold out.  My panties are all I have on.  Sky blue satin
with a wide flouncy lace trim - they're too small and way too
tight.  My cock and balls are showing right through.  I feel worse
than naked, walking out in the open dressed this way.

     Who's opening the door?  God, she's gorgeous.  Maybe I'm going
to get lucky after all.

     "Well, if it isn't my newest Sissy Boy.  Do come in and let me
see you model your panties for me."

     I was inspected from head to toe.  I couldn't help but start
to get erect.  The fabric, the tension of the situation, her
fabulous looks, I couldn't help but react.  But she never let on
she noticed!  Hey, I'm not the biggest guy in that department but
no one ever complained before.

     "Now that you're here, let's play some games."

                            *********

     Please let me go.  I want to tell her with my eyes that I
don't want her to do anything else to me.  I'd tell her too, if
they'd take the gag out of my mouth.  First, they tied me to a
metal frame with big satin ribbons.  Oh yes, now it's "They." After
I was secured, Bobbi showed up.  He's practically a girl, he's so
effeminate.

     All my body hair from the neck down is gone.  And the panties
I'm wearing now are unbelievable.  She Devil says that they're
punishment panties and she's right.  They look just like sexy girls
panties, until you see the crotch that is.  My balls are tied tight
with pink ribbons.  A little strap hangs down from an opening. 
They forced my genitals through and put a little satin bag over my
balls.  Ribbon after ribbon was tied between my balls and my body,
forcing my balls further and further away, tighter and tighter. 
The last ribbon came between my tightly squeezed gonads and
separated my balls into two hard satin spheres.  Next, the began to
play with my cock.

     Bobbi teased me and tickled me and sucked me in long deep
strokes.  I begged him to stop.  I didn't want to have sex with a
man.  I had been chasing She Devil.  Leave me alone!

     Once I was really hard, Bobbi began to lace what I can only
call a `penis corset' on me.  My cock was rushed inside this awful
tube of shiny satin.  But first they sprayed my cock with an
anesthetic!  I was numb.  I didn't feel a thing as a tiny gold ring
was fitted into my cock head and my cock was tied to the waist of
my panties, silken ribbons through my unwanted cock ring.  Bobbi
poured water on me a few minutes ago and then wheeled me into the
sun.

     Oh God!  Now I understand.  These damned panties are shrinking
as they dry.  If I don't get them off, I'm going to be maimed for
life.

     Please come back!  I'll do anything you want.  Just take my
gag off and let me beg.  Don't let these panties cut off my cock
and balls.

     I didn't want to cry but I couldn't help myself.  She Devil
ran her hand across my face.  She wiped away a tear and tasted its
salt.

     "Is my Sissy Boy ready to beg to play games with us?"

     Frantically, I nodded that I was.  The ribbons came off.  I
could move.  The gag is off.  I can talk again.

     "I want you to return the favor to Bobbi and take his adorable
little penis in your silly, sissy mouth." I couldn't do that!  But
those damn panties had to come off.  I could try to get them off
myself, but I doubted I could do that and fend off She Devil and
Bobbi at the same time.

     Slowly I sank to my knees.

     "Why don't you take my dick out with your mouth?  Don't use
your hands at all."

     How am I going to do this?  I got his zipper down with my
teeth.  His cock was already getting stiff and I managed to work it
out with my nose. That was easy, now comes the hard part.  Close
your eyes and do this!  The sooner you start, the sooner you're
done.

     Shit,  it brushed my lips and...unghh, it's in my mouth. My
mouth!  God, it's so damn big.  How do girls do this?  I better get
going.  Up.  Down.  I want this fucker to cum quickly.  He's really
excited.  His cock is actually throbbing.  Suddenly, there's a
rising thickness in his rod and, WHAM, my mouth is full of cum.

     "Don't spill a drop or you'll wear those panties another
hour."

     I strain for every drop.  Finally, limp and satisfied, Bobbi
pulls out.

     "That was lovely, Sweetie."  She Devil is taking film from a
camera.  A CAMERA!  No, she can blackmail me forever with those
pictures.  Got to get them back!

     "I wouldn't do that.  I'm very good with this."

     Now I see the little black automatic.  No way I can win this
one.  Best to just get out with my life.  They left me there to
free myself and get home.  And to worry and to wait.

                            *********

     The last three months have been hell.  She Devil has me in
panties now every day.  She made me lose fifteen pounds and makes
me keep myself baby smooth and hairless at all times.  Then there
are the corsets.  I have my `day corset' on now.  It reduces my
waist to 24 inches.  I'm a perfect 36-24-36 most days.  I had to
let my secretary go.  She was beginning to look at me oddly. 
Fortunately, I do my business by phone, otherwise I'd be broke.

     There's someone at the door!  I try to never to answer but
someone must have seen me just arrive.  Okay, how do I look?  Hell,
I know what I look like.  A look in the mirror only proves the
point.  I look like a girl dressed in mens clothes.  My hair is too
long.  She Devil won't let me cut it.  I'm too damn slim and pale. 
My complexion is too creamy.  It's those creams and female hormones
I have to use three times a day.

     It's the buzzer again.  Let's get the lock open and peek
through the door a crack.  She Devil nearly knocked me over as she
threw the door open and entered with Bobbi mincing along behind
her.

     "Well, Honey (That's what she calls me now).  She Devil is
sitting at my desk.  I have nowhere to hide.

     I haven't seen you in a few weeks.  I must say I like how slim
you are.  You can't be a pound over 130.  What do you think Bobbi?"

     "Honey looks like a perfect size, eight Mistress."

     Size eight?  What's going on?  Why is she here?  I can feel my
stomach sinking.  Bobbi has a dress bag and a suitcase in tow.  Oh
no, I can see what's coming.

     "I want you to take off all your clothes and let Bobbi put a
pretty dress on you.  Of course, you don't want to do that but
either you cooperate or those naughty pictures go in the mail
today."

     She Devil has held those pictures over my head since they were
taken.  And it always works.  It only took a moment for me to be
standing nude before Bobbi.

     There was a wicked little corset that took me to 22 inches. 
I threaded my garter straps under my panties to hold my white hose
taut.  There were red patent leather high heel pumps and a red
dress with white polka dots in a halter style.  I put on the big
white button earrings and gumball necklace, red gloves and a huge
red straw portrait hat, edged with white.  The crown was cut away
letting my hair show through.  It would have been a very dressy
outfit for a glamorous young woman.

     The beauty salon had my appointment and no one there seemed
surprised by a man having his hair bleached blonde and permed.  My
eyebrows were plucked to a thin arch and my face heavily made up. 
In the mirror, I looked at myself.  My features seemed blunted
under all the cosmetics.  The brim of the hat framed my face with
blonde curls.  I looked to the side and caught a glimpse of how my
platinum hair made a flashy crown for my hat.  My shoulders seemed
so white and slim in the halter.  I looked all girl - fashionable
and sexy.

     Of course, She Devil had Bobbi fully photograph my dressing
and transformation.  On the way home, she had me stand over a
subway grate.  Every time a train passed, a blast of cold air blew
my skirts up wildly.  Bobbi made sure to get a lot of pictures.

     I have to think of something.  I can't go on like this.  She
Devil's demands are too much.  I have to lose another fifteen
pounds and get my waist to an uncorseted 24 inches.  I'm going to
be wearing dresses to work from now on.  Sexy dresses, glamorous
dresses, dresses that are going to show off my body.  Bobbi is
picking me up to go shopping tomorrow.  Clothing, make up, and
accessories.  The whole works!  I have a weekly beauty salon
appointment now.

     The way She Devil sees it, I'm a girl.

                            *********


     One last look in the mirror before I go in.  I hate this new
sweater dress.  It's a size six, too tight and much too low cut. 
It shows off way too much of my cleavage.  Oh yes, I have cleavage
now.  I'm a 36C-21-38.  She Devil wanted me to have that "tits and
ass" look.

     The skirt of my dress is really tight.  It actually clings to
my ass and doesn't cover much more than that.  Black sweater dress,
lace hose, white ankle boots, lots of jewelry, perfume, and make
up.  Bobbi trained me perfectly how to pass for a sexy secretary,
ready to satisfy her boss' every need.

     Not long after I started dressing as a woman full time, She
Devil brought Roger to the office.  He's the son of one of her
friends, a weightlifter and bi-sexual.  I taught him my business,
how it worked, all my contacts and, too my growing dismay, watched
him take over.  Roger was bright.  He caught on fast and cut me out
of the picture.

     She Devil put me where she thought I belonged - behind a
secretary's desk.  I learned typing and dictation, filing, all the
things a secretary handles.  And to survive, I learned how to
please my boss.

     "Honey, get in here for a little dictation."

     I grabbed my pad and hustled in.  I made sure that I wore a
big happy smile.

     "Yes Sir", I chirped.  I made sure my skirt rode up as I sat
down, that my knees were apart, and my breasts held high.  Roger
taught me to sit this way.  When I get it wrong he uses his
weightlifters muscles to hurt me.

     "Tell me what you have."

     One of Roger's games is to have me write, in shorthand, super
hot love letters to him and then read them back.  I can't get used
to doing it.

     "My darling," I kept my voice breathy.

     "I can't wait until the next time you tie me up and whip me. 
It makes me wet just to think about it.  Then, when you ram your
monstrous cock..."

     I went on reading.  Roger's erection was obvious by the time
I was done.  With a little sigh, I walked around the desk and
satisfied my boss' most obvious need.  I'm a very good secretary
indeed.

     I know this can only get worse.  I've been stealing some money
from the accounts and hiding it for my "getaway."  I'll have more
than enough in a few more weeks.

     Then, I can find a way out of this feminized captivity.

                            *********

     MAYBE, MAYBE NOT.  WHAT FATE AWAITS OUR HERO(INE).  TO TELL
     YOU THE TRUTH, IF YOU LIKED THIS STORY SO FAR, I'M CERTAIN
     YOU'LL JUST LOVE THE ENDING.  I'LL GET AROUND TO POSTING IT TO
     THE NET ONE OF THESE DAYS, I'M JUST NOT SO SURE WHEN, BUT I'LL
     TELL YOU WHAT.  IF YOU CAN'T WAIT UNTIL THEN, EMAIL ME A
     LETTER TELLING ME HOW MUCH YOU LIKE MY KIND OF `FUN AND
     GAMES', AND BEG ME TO EMAIL YOU THE ENDING, AND I JUST MIGHT.

                           -SHE DEVIL-
--
