                              Furface Fantasy
             (C) 1991 by Galen- Duplicate & distribute freely.

    It all started one Friday when my friend, Kip, who I met a short
    time ago, asked me to take care of his animals as he was going to
be out of town for over a week for the Christmas season. Kip left me
the key to his house so I could get in and said for me to make myself
at home.
    Well friday came, so I got all bundled up and went over to make
    sure everything was in order. There were two dogs, Furface and
Nugget, and some tropical fish and a few gerbils. Now when I arrived,
Furface started jumping all over me as usual and Nugget because of her
age just beat her tail a few times to acknowledge my presence. Furface
calmed down a bit after I petted him and started sniffing my crotch. I
was already horny as can be and this was causing my prick to stiffen
up. He must have smelled cum and sweat through my jeans as I was
jacking off earlier and hadn't taken a shower yet. This was too much
and I was alone with a horny labrador named Furface, so I pulled down
my fly and pulled out my hard cock. It was already damp with cum
because of how horny I was. Furface sniffed the scent and immediately
started licking my penis and balls and, in a few minutes, I shot my
load all over the place. Well I let him lick me for about ten more
minutes and then I stopped. I had a new experience and I thought that
that was it.
    Later that night, after I got back home, I kept thinking of what I
    had just done and I had to do something about it, so I jacked off.
Morning came and I went over to check the dogs again. I wasn't really
thinking about what I had done and I wasn't that horny as I walked
over. That all changed of course, as I went inside and got the greeting
I was so familiar with.
    I took off my coat and two hooded sweatjackets that I had been
    wearing (It was close to zero outside) and laid them on the floor.
My coat was spread out with the inside lining face up and the
sweatjackets were underneath to act as padding. Then I dropped my pants
and lay face down and started humping into the soft lining of my coat.
This is how I masturbate often when I am at home. Well I was really
working up a sweat when Furface started trying to mount me, but I was
too low to the floor for him to get a good grip on me. This was turning
me on so much that soon the entire inside of my coat was soaked with
cum.
    Having relieved myself, I decided to give the dog his turn, so I
    raised up on my knees with my ass in the air. Furface grabbed on
and started humping, but his hot, wet cock was going up my back instead
of in the hole, so I reached back and guided it in. His cock was
completely out of its sheath and pushing its way repeatedly into my
ass. I kept thrusting back to encourage him to go deeper and deeper
with his untiring throbbing motion. His front paws around my body
started getting tighter and his thrusts started getting longer and more
powerful, and I knew Furface was shooting his load into my craving
asshole.
    The throbbing died down and Furface pulled out still making humping
motions in the air. That's when Furface, to my surprise, started
licking my asshole out. I don't know what felt better, the fucking or
the licking as his long, juicy, warm tongue slid in, out and across my
ass. I was rock hard since he shot his load into me and was ready to go
again. I took my shoes off so I could get my pants the rest of the way
off. Actually, I had on a pair of sweatpants underneath a pair of
jeans. While doing this, Furface was licking the coat that I cummed on,
but I pushed him out of the way and assumed my position on the coat
once again, only this time I was fucking the soft fur lining on the
inside of my hood. I was wonderful, and the dog started licking my ass
again. It didn't take long before I was ready to cum again. So much
came out that I couldn't move for almost five minutes, while all this
time I was being licked all over by Furface. After recovering, I was so
horny that I didn't think anything could satisfy me. I wanted to fuck
the dog, but didn't want to hurt him. I had to find another way to
satisfy this tremendous urge. I got up and started to get dressed,
because Furface was coming home with me, tonight.
    As I put on my coat, I noticed that it was soaked on the inside,
    but the outside out it was still nice and dry. The smell of fresh
cum would keep me turned on for as long as I needed. I went into the
other room and took care of the other animals and got Furface's leash
while I was at it.  When we got home, I knew we would be able to do a
lot more without worrying about messing up my friends house. When we
arrived, I unleashed the dog and headed for the bedroom to prepare for
another fantasy to be fulfilled.
    I have to tell you a little bit about how I live before going on.
    First of all, I masturbate a lot, about two or three times a day,
on average. To me, masturbation is as much fun as having sex with
someone, and it's always available when you need it. One of the most
satisfying ways that I've discovered is to lay face down and actually
fuck whatever it is that I want to fantasize about. Large, soft stuffed
animals are great and so are certain types of clothing. Well, I must
have over fifty hooded sweatjackets, which I will call hoods from now
on, and the sweatpants that go with them, tons of stuffed bears and
many thick plush winter coats.
    I started by getting out a couple raincoats and put them on my bed,
which happens to be a full size bed. Next, I laid down a few hoods,
spreading them out flat, and a thick down coat with fur in its hood. I
took off all of my clothes, but I put the coat that I had been wearing
back on and hopped into the bed.  Furface jumped into the bed with me
when I motioned to him. I had to take a really bad piss, so I let it
rip all over the coat and the hoods and I made sure to get the dog with
a little too.  Using my own piss as lubrication, I fucked into my coat
hard and fast.  Furface was licking me by this time, cleaning off any
piss, cum or sweat that he could get his mouth on. As I climaxed, I
lifted up to let it squirt all over and then went back down, exhausted.
The dog was trying to assume the humping position, so I turned over and
grabbed his dick and started squeezing it gently. The red tip of his
penis started to emerge from its sheath as it started to move back and
forth. I couldn't resist this delicious looking piece of meat just
hanging there near my face, so I pulled it toward my mouth and put it
in. As I started sucking hard on that hot cock, Furface started some
real serious pumping. I could taste the salty cum that was slowly
oozing out into my mouth. The dog's front paws were just above my head
and his back feet were on both sides of my neck. He was banging my face
hard by now and I knew it wouldn't be long. All of the sudden his front
feet pulled down into my hair, as he took those long throbbing thrusts,
blowing his warm, juicy load into my mouth. Mmmm, was it good, as I
swallowed every savory drop!
    His humping slowed down, but I was ready again so I started to turn
back over, and as I did I reached for my stuffed gorilla, so I could
give him a workout. My gorilla is 58 inches tall and I've fucked him
many times before. Furface was in the corner of the bed licking his
balls as I prepared to mount the gorilla. First, I pulled down his
pants, then I started fucking him on my already wet bed. When I came it
shot from the gorilla's crotch up to its face and got all over the
underside of his nose, so I started licking it off. It didn't taste
quite as good as Furface's cum, but it was still quite good. After
this, I had to rest. Boy was this great -- having uninhibited sex with
a nice big dog in my own bedroom. I don't remember anything else that
night because I fell asleep.
    Morning came, and the dog was still in bed with me. When I woke,
Furface started licking my hand, so I reached up with the other one and
started tickling his balls. I didn't think, before I had done this,
that I hadn't taken him out yet, and he started pissing on me. It
startled me at first, but it felt warm and good on me as I started to
guide it towards my mouth. Just as I started to taste its warm salty
tang, Furface was finished. I quickly rewarded him by hugging and
petting him. This was great because my stuffed animal had taken most of
the piss and the rest was trickling down onto my coats. I'm glad that I
put the raincoats down first.  I turned over and started fucking on my
now soaked gorilla, cumming once again up its chest and into its face.
    After resting a while longer, I got up, took a shower and proceeded
    to go take care of the other animals, but Furface stayed in my
house. Seven more days went by each better than the one before until I
decided to take the dog back home. On the last day that I went over, I
decided to make sure everything was in order and clean up a bit. It was
when I was looking for cleaning supplies that I found a magazine in the
bathroom. Of course, with my curiosity, I paged through it and some
pictures fell out. They were of Furface and my friend Kip having anal
sex together. Kip had more in common with me than I had thought, but
who took the pictures? I put everything back and cleaned up. To this
day, I never got up the guts to tell Kip what I did, and a chance to
have sex with his dog hasn't happened since. Maybe someday.
