			  FURRY                  by   John Dawson

Malcolm woke with a terrible start, convinced that something  had
touched   him.    All  around  him  was  blackness  --  the  deep
impenetrable  blackness  of a moonless,  starless night in a room
with  its  heavy  opaque  curtains  drawn.   It was  so  black he
could almost feel the atmosphere  round him, and wondered  for  a
moment if that could have woken him.

  Taking stock of his situation, he realised that he was lying on
his back, having thrown off all the covers, and smiled to himself
as he noticed that, as usual when he awoke, he  had  an  enormous
erection.  Very proud of that erection, was Malcolm.

  Starting from a perfectly ordinary (though very handsome)  cock
in  its soft state, his lovers would begin to stir the beast into
life -- which happened very quickly -- and after half a minute or
so  of  gentle stimulation would find themselves with a veritable
hosepipe  on  (or in)  their  hands,  surmounted  by a  length of
foreskin even when fully hard.

  There's nothing better than a middle-of-the-night wank to  send
you  to  sleep again, he decided, and went to move his right hand
into a suitable position for doing that very thing. Horror! Thin,
strong,  furry fingers gripped his right wrist, pinning it to the
bed. Automatically, he tried to lift his left arm over to release
the  vice-like  grip,  but a second furry hand was already there,
holding his left wrist.

  Malcolm whimpered and thrashed his body about to shake off  his
captor,  kicking out at the end and the sides of the bed to reach
the body of this creature.  His feet and knees met no resistance,
and he realised that its body must be behind his head.

  Summoning up some long-forgotten gymnastic skill,  he  suddenly
raised  both  legs until his feet were behind his head, but still
no solid flesh met his powerful kicks. Worse  was  to  come.  Two
more  sets  of furry fingers clamped themselves round his ankles,
holding him in this extremely uncomfortable doubled-up position.

  It occurred to him then that there must be  more  than  one  of
these creatures, and sleep had cleared sufficiently from his mind
for him  to wonder  what these  monsters  were,  and why they had
attacked him like this.  His cock (now much less erect) and balls
were hanging down over his face, though he couldn't see them, and
he  relaxed   slightly,  trying  to  find  enough  space  in  his
constricted chest to breathe.

  His body  still held  firmly  in four places,  more furry hands
began  to  stroke  the backs of his legs and buttocks,  his ears,
and both nipples -- all at the same time!   There must be a whole
group of  these  things, he guessed,  and wondered how to escape.
It was no use  shouting  --  his bedroom  was on a separate floor
from the others, and the door at the top of the stairs was closed.

  Futilely, he struggled some more, but was quite unable to break
free  from  them. The hands on his buns nuzzled between his legs,
brushing the underside of his ball-sack  with  soft  fur.  Erotic
fires  shot  through  his  tortured  body, reviving the forgotten
erection completely, and he moaned with sudden lust.

  Slowly, the hands holding  his  ankles  began  to  move  apart,
spreading his legs, and he began to panic that if they continued,
some part of him would  split.  But  they  lifted  his  legs  and
lowered  them  to the bed in their former position, still clamped
firmly,  but now quite  comfortable.    His erection  resumed its
skyward pointing.

  Fur  enveloped   his  balls,   stroked  all  over  his   chest,
particularly  his  nipples, and rubbed his mouth, nose, ears, and
forehead.   The strongly  erotic  sensations aroused by this were
almost more  than Malcom could bear -- he longed to grip his tool
firmly and finish the job he had tried to start some time before,
but had no hand free.

  As if in response to his unspoken thoughts, a ring of  fur,  so
soft  that it could nut contain any fingers, completely encircled
the tip of his cock and travelled right down to the base, meshing
with  his  ball hairs.   Up and down  the  furry  ring travelled,
applying agonizingly gentle pressure to his screamingly sensitive
cock.  His  hips  began to thrust upwards from the bed, trying to
force the  encircling fur  to stimulate  him  more,  but the ring
suddenly lowered itself to his cock-base and held him down firmly.

  At the same time, several more furry rings slid over the end of
his  throbbing  meat,  and  began to move up and down in a random
sort of  rhythm,  sometimes in the  same direction,  sometimes in
opposite  directions.   Two more  tight furry rings slipped on to
each of his balls  and  massaged  them  gently,  and  firm  furry
hands stroked up and down the insides of his thighs.

  Malcolm sank into a red haze of lust, quite forgetting his fear
at  this  unusual situation, and gave himself up to the wonderful
stimulus.

  All at once, the furry rings round his cock, including the  one
at  the  base, all began to move upwards with a stronger stroking
action.  As one reached the tip and vanished,  another  began  at
the  base,  the  combined effect being like a milking machine. It
was all too much.  Malcolm gave a great sigh, gritted his  teeth,
and waited for the orgasmic explosion.

  Just before the critical point, the motion on his cock stopped.
He  could feel his veins pulsing in near-orgasm, the throbbing of
his heart making his skin rub against the now stationary fur. But
the  soft  insistent  rubbing on his balls and nipples continued,
keeping him just below the very peak of desire.

  Each time he thought the sensation was just sufficient to  push
him over the edge, some part of the movement stopped, and he sank
back to the plateau of arousal. Loud cries  came  from  him  when
this  happened;  the pounding of his heart sounded so loud in his
ears that he thought he might pass out, but still the  inexorable
stimulus went on.

  Steady drips of pre-cum fluid poured  down  the  sides  of  his
cock,  and  were immediately absorbed by the rings of fur waiting
there.  Malcolm had now remained erect and in an almost  orgasmic
state  for  over  an  hour,  a  feat  which he had often tried to
achieve on his own,  but  found  impossible.  Never before had he
experienced such unbelievable sensations.

  His nipples were like miniature volcanoes, still being  stroked
in  regular  patterns,  and  his balls ached for release in their
tight ridged ball-sack. The head of his cock was  swollen  inside
the  tip of his foreskin and was beginning to feel almost painful
from the pressure.

  As if the ministering monsters realised this, the  rings  round
his cock all moved up above his glans, and began to roll down the
end  of  his  foreskin,  exposing  his  most  sensitive  areas. A
slightly smaller furry ring,  liberally coated  with his pre-cum,
gripped his cock just under the glans, and began to rotate slowly,
always in the same direction,  skimming over his incredibly tight 
frenum,  and sending him  into paroxysms  of ecstasy.  Shouts and
groans now came from him more  frequently,  as he felt  his whole
being concentrate into his throbbing tool.

  "Don't stop! For god's sake don't stop now!"  he  yelled  in  a
frenzy, writhing around on the bed as best he could with all four
limbs held tightly. And, for once, they didn't stop. Fur  on  his
chest,  rubbing  his  nipples;   fur on  his balls,  rubbing  and
squeezing;  fur on the insides of his legs and even on his  feet;
furry rings once again milking his cock, but incredibly gently.

  Gradually, the point of no return  was  reached.  Reached,  and
passed.  Never  before  had  he experienced the sensation of many
minutes of orgasm before spurting out his juice.

  His body bucked and thrashed wildly, trying vainly to reach the
climax  he  so  much needed, but his captors were now stimulating
him more strongly. Suddenly it was over. All the furry hands  and
rings released him.

  Like a fountain, the first spurt of jism shot  up  towards  the
ceiling, followed  closely by the second.  As they fell back onto
his red-hot body, further convulsions pumped out  enormous  globs
of creamy white juice until Malcolm was liberally coated with it.
Strangled cries and grunts came from him as the  sheer  force  of
his  ejaculation  shook  his  body. Time after time another spasm
wracked him, until he thought he could come no  more,  but  still
kept coming.

  Dazed and exhausted, Malcolm woke from a deep sleep. Screwed up
between  his legs and  over  his chest,  his furry  bed-cover was
completely  coated  with his outpourings,  and  the  last  throbs
and spurts of his tool reminded him that he had just had his most
intense and  pleasurable  orgasm ever,  without being  touched by
anyone.   Smiling,  he hugged the furry cover tighter, and willed
himself to sleep  once more,  hoping against hope  that the furry
monsters would return before morning.

