     The Heroines Who Became Willing Somno-Villianesses

Chapter 1:  The Warm-Up

     "Experiment 272.  Following the successful testing of the Hypno-Rings
(see Experiment 270) and the completion of the nipple injector (see
Experiment 271), the plan to control the five most beautiful heroines in the
Marvel Universe continues.  The plan is to first dominate the She_Hulk and
have her take FX and myself to the X-base in her flying car.  Then, power
must be established over Dana Curtis, known as Scent.  Scent will then give
us access to the rooms of Rogue, Psylocke and Jean Grey.  The mental duller
injected into them will lower their defenses, while the Hypno-Rings I will
put on them will boost my power sufficiently to control their sleeping
bodies.  They will be brought back to the sorority house basement where..."

     "We'll fuck the shit out of them, right?"

     "Chill, FX. I'm recording.  Or trying to.  Now, where we consider the
crime or crimes for our new..."

     "You mean, nude."

     "Nearly nude new slaves to commit."  Lord Somno hit the STOP button on
the old-style cassette recorder.  He glared at his horny but brilliant
assistant, FX, who was currently receiving a blowjob from Tanya.  He spoke to
him, noticing he was holding the Hypno-Ring control box in his left hand.
Tanya, of course, wore a Hypno-Ring.

     "FX, we only have an hour."

     "Chill, Chris.  Why don't you take a piece?"

     "Hmm, well, I guess you're right."

     Lord Somno, alias Chris Lancaster, sat down and reflected upon the year
gone by.  In that time, he had come so far.  A year ago, he could barely
control his powers, summoning sleeping women to his bed only when he had to
cum.  Their breasts would automatically swell and fill, which was nice, but
also visible for a few days afterwards.  Gradually, he had gained full
control over his powers.  He had quit school and set up shop in the unused
secret basement of the Omega Delta Pi sorority.  In this building were only
the finest women, from the best backgrounds.  They were the girls who
constantly teased and never gave a guy a break.  Chris decided to change
their lives.

     He changed the way his power worked.  His power now gave a girl much
more life, so he could pretend she was semi-alert and a willing sex partner.
He also no longer made women's breasts grow but because he was constantly
controlling the sorority girls, he could get some milk from them after a few
months of control.  He found his refined powers much more satisfying.

     Denise stood up and moved to Chris.  She was dressed in a purple
camisole with fur trim and a matching G-string.  Her face was a vacant smile,
her eyes unfocussed.  She was looking exactly the way Chris liked her.

     "Hello, Lord Somno." she said, with some but not much emotion in her
voice.  "How may your willing slave serve you?  Do you want me to suck your
cock?  Fuck with my tight pussy or firm tits?  Or maybe welcome Tanya to your
control with lesbian sex?"  She turned ninety degrees and pointed her left
hand to Tanya and FX.  Of course, she still looked off into the distance.
Chris decided he just needed to cuddle and fondle.  After all, even an
immoral abuser of women's bodies needed hugs, kisses and hypnotic love (not
lust) now and again.

     "Sit on my lap, lovely slave Denise."  Once, when he was still going to
school, he had called Karen, a large-breasted somno-acquaintance of his, a
slave.  He had quickly covered with a quick comment about had she seen a
certain movie and his quoting of the 'my slave' line from the movie.  She was
puzzled about this but three days later had given himself and FX, whom he had
just met, the greatest backrubs in history.

     "Of course, Master.  I only want to please you in any way my young
sleeping body can."  Denise shuffled over to Chris in the accepted style,
somnabulistically.  She sat on his lap.  He put a hand on her thigh and the
other around her, on her shoulder.  She wrapped her left hand around him in
the same way and put her right hand on his crotch.  The two kissed.  Damn! he
thought.  I've screwed this woman at least three times and yet simple kissing
is SO erotic!  Damn!

     Meanwhile, nude Tanya was giving FX's penis quite the tongue bath.  For
an exchange student, he thought, where did she learn to give head like this?
Tanya was taking the tip of her tongue and, starting at his scrotum, began to
take short licks upwards.  It was as if his cock were a blender beater used
for cake mix and she was the child, trying to get every square millimeter of
the batter.  She licked front and back of his cock, using her tongue alone.
As she neared the tip, she took FX's balls in her hand.  She lightly played
with them.  The Hypno-Ring could never give a girl the emotion that Chris'
power allowed, but it did guarantee complete obedience, and Tanya would
continue fellating him until told to stop.

     "Stop.  Fuck me." he said into the control box.

     "Yesss...Masssterrr.  I...hearrrr...annnnd...obeyyyy"

     As Tanya responded in her Slavic accent, she stood up.  She stepped out
of the black panties around her ankles and rose to her full 65 inches of
height.  The panties now were next to her already removed black baby doll
nightie.  Thanks to Chris' sleep "suggestions", every girl in the house wore,
at most, slinky lingerie to bed.  As Tanya moved over FX so she could lower
herself unto his cock, FX studied her body.

     Her hair, like her now unneeded lingerie, was black.  She has let it
down to it's halfway-down-the-back length to sleep.  Her breasts were conical
and about one Herman unit each, this being about a handful.  Her body was
that of a woman who would not need to exercise until she had borne children.
She was thin, and probably always had been thin.  As their two sexual organs
contacted, FX tried to muffle a loud gasp of pleasure.

     "Shit!  She's tight!"  he exclaimed.

     "Keep it down, you bonehead!  I can't keep all thirty women above asleep
if you fucking scream."  Chris remembered something.  "Wait!  Is she a
virgin?"

     "I dunno.  Oooo!  I didn't check."

     "Idiot!"

     Tanya withdrew her pussy from FX's cock and turned to Chris.  FX spoke
into the control box.

     "Come on!  Fuck me!"

     Tanya ignored his command and sat on the desk next to FX.  She spread
her legs wide.

     Chris looked.  She didn't seem to be a virgin.  If she had been, there
should be blood, right? he thought.  He didn't know for sure.
     
     "Well?" asked FX.

     "I guess it's OK, dude."

     "Great!"  Tanya began to move back to FX, to resume intercourse.  FX
gave the "Schwing" manuever.

     "Denise, I am a little thirsty."

     "Don't worry, Master.  I have some milk in my tits if that is what you
want."

     "That will be fine, Denise."

     "As a will-less and willing slave, I give my breast-milk to my thirsty
Master."  She raised the camisole and presented her B-cup to Chris.  Chris
drank of his slave while she continued to fondle his cock and balls.

35   FX was now fucking Tanya rather vigorously.  He sat in the chair, naked,
while her nude body was over him, legs wrapped around the reclining bench.
He could not hold it anymore.

     FX came inside of Tanya.  She, of course, showed no reaction to the
sperm.  FX was bummed out that he had cum so soon again.  He uttered a curse
word, keeping his voice because of Chris' admonition.

     "Shit."

     "What is it now?"

     "I came already."

     "You lasted...seven minutes.  Could be a record for length."

     "Just shut the fuck up, willya?  For once I'd like to fuck for ten
minutes without cumming."

     "I told you you spend too much time getting a blowjob.  It's supposed to
just get you hard, unless that's all you're getting.  THEN you fuck.  Look at
me, for instance..."

     At that moment, feces from Tanya's anus hit the floor.  The two men
said,

     "What the fuck...?"  Chris realized what had happened.
     
     "You idiot!  You must've had the button down when you said 'shit'.  So
she is shitting."

     Chris took control of Tanya's body and brought her to him.  He had
Denise clean up the mess while Tanya finished her defecation in the bathroom.
Then the two girls were ordered to shower.

     Denise pulled the camisole over her head while Tanya got into the
shower.  The brunette then removed her G-string, completing her disrobing.
She then joined Tanya in the shower, opening the curtains all the way so the
men could see.  FX had wanted to join the girls in the shower but Chris told
him that he was being punished.

     Denise activated the water while Tanya held her hair away from the
spray.  The smaller American girl used the hand spray unit to wetten Tanya's
body.  FX began to stroke his cock at the sight of water cascading down her
firm thighs and tight ass.  Chris had given both girls relaxed, neutral
expressions with closed eyes.  He didn't want the girls to have eye problems
on his account.

     Now the soap.  Taking the wet Coast bar in her hand, the brunette began
to soap her fellow slave's body.  She built up a lather with the soap and
spread it on.  At FX's insistence, special care was taken to get Tanya's
luscious mounds extra soapy and clean.  Tanya's pussy was carefully spread
and explored by Denise's soapy fingers so its cleansing could be maximized.
And, of course, Tanya turned and bent over so her soaper's exploration could
do a thorough job on her ass and asshole.

     After the soaping, the rinsing commenced.  FX asked for a second soaping
after the rinsing but his motion and slave were both out of odor.  Completely
clean, the mind-dominated co-eds stepped out of the shower and into the men's
towel-bearing arms.

     Denise's drying did not take long and soon she was redressed.  Tanya's
drying was prolonged and once completed, was followed by Denise redressing
her.  First, her bikini panties.  Then, the baby doll top.  Tanya herself
retied the baby doll, so it was the same as when she entered.

     Removing the ring from Tanya, Chris sent the two back to bed.  They were
in auto-pilot.  Next, he turned to FX.

     "All right, dude, you get the stuff, I'll secure our ride to Miss
Walters' apartment building."

     "How come I gotta carry ALL the stuff?"
     
     "Very well. I'll help you."  Chris took the small control box and the
five ring case and headed to the closet.

     "Why are you going in the closet?  Did you forget where the door is?"

     "Check the script, you knucklehead."

     FX reached into the equipment box and pulled out the script.  He tried
skipping to the end, but all he found were phone-sex advertisements.  So he
started at the beginning and quickly skimmed, coming to paragraph 35.
Reading it, he found that it said he was naked.  Uttering a "Damn!", he
proceeded to his closet to dress.

     Lord Somno left the closet Chris had entered.  He was dressed in black
basketball shoes with white pants and a white pirate-style shirt. He wore
around his waist a large belt to which was attached the ring box, the control
box and his orange-bladed light saber.  He also wore a black cloak with hood.
His eyes were covered with small, round glasses with flip-up shades.  He
looked quite imbecilic.

     FX came out in the body suit armor.  He wore boots and a helmet with a
visor.  He looked like Gizmo Duck with legs.
     
     "Do not!"  FX exclaimed.

     "What?"

     "I do not look like Gizmo Duck with legs."

     "Very well."

     He looked like a sleek, armored warrior.

     "Better."

     "Let's go."

     The two men went out the secret passage and headed upstairs.  Waiting at
the top of the stairs was a tall, nude black woman.  FX handed her some of
the equipment.  She took it, then exited the building.  The men saw the desk
watch of the sorority.  She was removing her terry-cloth robe and placing it
on the back of her chair.  She remained asleep on duty but now was wearing a
red demi-cup bra and matching panties.

     The nude woman headed to a minivan in the nearby parking lot.  She set
the equipment down and used the keys she had been holding to open the side
door.  She then loaded the equipment into the van, including what FX had been
holding.  She handed Chris the keys and spoke.

     "I would give my nude body to my Master for his pleasure.  All I possess
is his to use as he pleases."

     "Thank you, my tall slave Whitney.  I have no further need of you at the
moment.  Return to bed."

     "My body will remain nude and my will asleep, until your next orders."

     Whitney, the captain of the girls' basketball team, left to return to
her roommates' bed.  Chris had the door watch, she of the bra and panties,
open the door for her.  They greeted each other with a kiss and both headed
back to their current sleeping areas.

     Once all was secure, Chris started up the van and the two headed out.
Their next stop:  Jennifer Walters' apartment building and the arrival of the
sleepwalking She-Hulk.

         The Heroines Who Became Willing Somno-Villianesses (part 2)

     Earlier that evening, Jennifer had opened up her sleep-attire drawer.
Ordinarily, there were comfortable T-shirts, knee-length sleep-shirts, a
pair or two of pajamas and several nightgowns in the drawer.  Tonight,
however, things were different.

     The first thing out of the drawer was a red teddy.  Then a white
camisole.  An ice-blue baby-doll top was next.  Then a pair of black
G-strings.  This made her upset.

     "Renee!  John!"  she yelled to the fourth wall.  "What is going on
here?  Something's gonna happen tonight, I know it.  I mean every time
this happens, there is some kind of night scene so the readers can look
at my half-naked body.  Not that I'm ashamed of it, I'm just a little
tired of dressing like Ginger Lynn Allen or Traci Lords.  So, just for
that, I'm going to sleep in my business suit tonight.  I don't have to
go to work tomorrow and I can't get hot if you break the heat.  Ha!"

     So Jennifer Walters, the She-Hulk, took off her shoes and let down
her hair.  She opened the window to get some air circulating.  She
settled down to a peaceful night's sleep.

     "Experiment 272, supplemental.  After a period of substanial
awkwardness...<BURP!>."  FX laughed at Chris' burp.  Chris glared at FX.
"Just hold the mike, willya?  Now, where was I, oh yeah, FX and I are
headed to the apartment building of Jennifer Walters, the She-Hulk, to
make her the first super-slave of our group."

     FX, sensing Chris was done, switched off the cassette recorder.

     "You going the right way?  I checked city records and Jennifer
Walters doesn't own any property here."

     "FX, she rents an apartment."

     "I checked that.  She hasn't paid any rent to anybody in four
years."

     "Who owns her apartment building?"

     "Lemme see.  Some woman named Janet.  Janet Van Dyne."

     "Knucklehead!  Janet Van Dyne is the real name of the wasp, one of
her fellow Avengers.  She is probably loaning Jennfier the place."

     "In return for sexual favors?"

     "Get your mind out of the gutter.  They are both straight."

     "But She-Hulk won't be for much longer, right?"

     "You are CORRECT, SIR!  After tonight, She-Hulk will be an
accomplished cock sucker and pussy eater.  We're almost here.  Ready the
mini-cam."

     FX reached into the back seat and pulled out a small satchel.
Chris pulled the mini-van into a driveway and put something from his
pocket into his mouth.  He drove the van to a gate where a male guard
signalled him to roll down the window.  Chris obliged.

     "Hey, you guys live here?"

     Chris spit the dart at the guard's face.  The powerful knock-out
drug immediately affected him and he fell to the ground.  FX got out and
put the guard in the shack.  He then pressed the button to open the
gate.  Chris drove the van in and parked it next to She-Hulk's flying
car.

     "Talk about luck.  You got a spot next to the Green Machine's car."

     "Yeppers.  Now let's 'put a move on Green Machine'."

     The two exited the garage and stood in the back of the building.
FX opened the satchel bag and pulled out a small device, shaped like
Eagle 1 from Space 1999.  At Chris' signal, FX reached into the bag and
pushed a button.  He took his other hand away and the craft floated in
mid-air!  The electronics whiz pulled out the controller while Chris
flipped down his shades.  The craft went up, at FX's command.

     Soon the craft was on Jennifer's windowsill.  It transmitted images
to Chris' shades.  He saw the green lawyer, appartantly so exhausted she
hadn't even changed for bed.  He would remedy that immediately.

     Jennifer rolled onto her back, with her left hand on her belly,
legs slightly spread.  She was sleeping on the bedcovers.  She spoke.

     "I am ready for my Master's command."

     Jennifer sat up in bed and put her feet on the floor.  Her
expression was relaxed, he eyes shut.  She rose.  The super-heroine
turned and walked to the dresser and turned to the window.  Now she was
in full-length view of the camera.  To aid his sight, Chris had Jennifer
turn on the lights.
     
     Chris was considering having the She-Hulk destroy her own clothes.
Maybe later, he decided.  The strip-tease was far more erotic.  Jennifer
spoke again.

     "I will become nude for my Master's pleasure."

     Jennifer unbuttoned the expensive suit-jacket and shrugged it off.
She then reached over to the side of her skirt.  She unbuttoned and
unzipped it so it too became part of the floor clutter.  Now, her blouse
was next.  Down she went, revealing her lacy red bra, barely holding her
huge tits.  Finishing, she let it fall down.  Chris could see her attire
now consisted of matching bra, garter belt and panties.  Oh, she also
has on nude stockings, he thought.  This would require a change.

     Jennifer turned and sat on the dresser.  She stretched a leg out
and folded it back on itself.  She reached up to the garter belt and
unclipped the stocking from it.  She slowly rolled the stocking down,
stretching her long leg as she did so.  Chris moaned.  Then she
proceeded to the other leg to complete the process.  Boy, Chris thought,
I really would like to be between those thighs.  Me too, thought FX.

     Jennifer stood back up and turned back to the window.  Reaching
behind her back, she unhooked the bra. As it joined the rest of the
clothes on the floor, both men marvelled (bad pun) at her stupendous
double D-cups.  Whatta chest, thought Chris.  Ditto, added FX.  Jennifer
completed the process by pulling off her garter belt and panties
together.

     "Come on."  said FX.

     "What?"

     "Send her outside."  He was looking at the monitor but he wished he
was looking at the real things.

     "Nude?"

     "Sure.  She's gonna be fucking soon."

     "Barely dressed is far more erotic."

     "You're nuts."

     Jen turned to her lingerie drawer.  After several displays of
various pieces of lacy stuff, Chris decided Jen would wear a baby doll
with a matching G-string.  Now Jennifer was ready to come to her Master.

     Jennifer walked to the window and climbed onto the ledge.  She
stood, looking straight ahead.  She jumped from her ledge, down to the
alley, in front of Chris and FX.  Her facial expression remained totally
blank.

     "Hey, all right!"  FX said as he took She-Hulk's large breasts in
hand.

     "Come on, no time.  We gotta get to Scent's place.  We've wasted
enough time as is."

     "Oh, get a life!  It's only five minutes to Scent's place by flying
car."  He set the satchel down.  "Besides, you know me, 10 minutes max."

     "OK, I'll put the stuff from the van into Shulkie's car.  You go do
what you gotta do."

     "Come on, babe.  he said as he let go of Jen's tits and took her
hand.

     "Of course, Master.  I am ready to suck and fuck."  FX led her
away to the minivan.

     Chris wasn't really worried about FX's dalliance.  He knew
something about She-Hulk that FX did not.

     As the pair entered the side door of the mini-van, FX pressed the
emergency armor removal button.  His suit immediately fell to the floor,
in pieces.  He had only his jockstrap on.  Ducking, Jen entered and sat
on one of the benches.

     "Hey, no sitting on the job.  You do some sucking on my dick."

     "I must do anything for my Master."

     FX was also sitting on the bench.  Jen left the bench and knelt
before him.  She reached up and pulled his jock off, so he was in the
buff.  She opened her green lips and took his whole cock in his mouth.
She sucked it like a straw.

     "No, that's wrong!"  His dick hurt!

     Jennifer opened her lips and pulled back to a vertical kneeling
position.
     
     "Give me a blowjob!"

     Jennifer puckered up, inhaled, and blew on him.

     "NO!  Give me head!"

     Jennifer leaned forward again.  Her hair touched his chest.  She
began to rub her head against him.

     "WRONG!  Forget it.  Open your top."

     Jennifer returned to her previous position.  She reached up and
unlaced the baby doll.  FX leaned forward and slid the top back off her
shoulders, giving him full view of her gigantic knockers.  He began to
lick and suck her hard nipples as well as squeeze her huge bazooms.

     "How goes it?"  FX looked up.  It was Chris speaking at the door.

     "Shit!  Can't you see I'm having a midnight snack?"

     "I need to get the equipment."

     "Go for it."

     Chris began to transfer the equipment to the flying car.  FX
resumed his snack.  Jennifer began to say,

     "Oh, yes, Master.  Suck my tits."

     FX reacked down and tried to go inside the G-string.  It was like
it was painted on (bad joke).  He tried to peel it back butir was stuck
to her and he couldn't get a grip on it.  He had Jen open her thighs a
bit so he could try something.  He tries to go up her pussy with his
finger, through the thin material.  But he couldn't.  He could feel her
hotness and wetness under the fabric.  But he could not gain access to
the magic triangle.  Chris entered and spoke.

     "Come on, we're ready."

     "I can't get her fucking panties off."

     "That's not a pair of panties.  It's a G-string."

     "Whatever it is, I can't get it off."

     "It's protected by the Comics Code.  No one can get it off."

     "But how did she change clothes, if no one can get it off?"

     "I'll tell you in the flying car.  Jennifer, fly us to Scent's
house."

     "At once, my Master.  Your slave will obey."

     Jennifer made her way out of the mini-van.  Chris had her re-tie up
the baby doll as she went.  FX put his armor back on.  By the time he
was done, Jen was in the driver's seat of the car.  By previous
arrangement, both men sat in the back seat.

     Once all seat belts were fastened, Jennifer started up the car.  It
needed no keys, responding to her touch.  Soon, the trio was out of the
garage and airborne.  Their next stop was the home of Dana Curtis.  She
was the mutant Scent, whose pherenomes made all obey.

     The Heroines Who Became Willing Somno-Villianesses (part 3)

     "Experiment 272, supplemental.  With the somno-animation of the
She-Hulk's body, we are proceeding in her flying car to the home of Dana
Curtis, also known as Scent.  Her powers of pherenome influence will be
utilized to aid in the control of Rogue, Psylocke and Jean Grey."

     "Wait a minute, dude.  You said in part 1 that Scent was at the
X-Base.  What in the hell is she doing at home?"

     "New information during your dalliance with Jennifer here indicated
she was at her house, that is the house of her parents.  So we go there
to get Dana Curtis."

     "How do you know where she lives?"

     "Hey...Oh, shit, I'm still recording!"  Chris deactivated the
cassette recorder.  "Now, then as I was saying when you're good, you're
good."

     "Another fucking cop-out."

     "Damn straight!"  Chris noted that they were approaching the house.
"Jennifer, land at the house."

     "I will obey my Mater's command."  Jennifer smoothly landed the car
in front of the Curtis home, though her eyes were closed.
     
     "How does she drive with her eyes closed?"


     "I've explained to you a dozen times."

     "But the readers weren't here then, you gotta explain it, so they
know too."

     "Very well.  She isn't driving, I am.  I merely give her
subconcious 'general' instructions, along with the verbal input."

     "Why even bother with verbal input?"

     "Because, I like to hear the fucking slaves talk!"  Chris was
annoyed.  The readers weren't that stupid.  "Come on, let's go."

     At that time, Dana Curtis lay sleeping with two of her girlfriends
in her bed in her first-floor room.  Dana had organized an impromptu
sleep-over and had gotten Lori and Monica to attend.

     Dana was a redhead, about five and a half feet tall.  Like most
comic book superheroines, she was well endowded with a firm pair of C
cups.  Her current attire consisted of a white blouse and white panties.
She looked innocent and delectable, sleeping there.

     Dana's power, the power that had Professor X try to recruit her as
Scent, was simple.  Her body could give off chemical vapors, which
caused emotional reactions.  She could make somebody happy or sad,
excited or bored, frigid or hornier than Wilt Chamberlain.  Professor X
had tried to bring this power to a concious (sic) level of control but
was attacked and crippled in the middle of her training.  So she quit
his school and returned to her own, unable to bring out her own
incredible power (Marvel RPG talk).

     As usual, the girls had been discussing boys at school during the
sleep-over and Dana's desires for them filled her mind.  Her mutant
glands went to work and the vapors were inhaled by her school friends.
Their libidos went into overdrive and they stirred.

     Lori, sleeping on Dana's left side, rolled over to dana.  She was a
short-haired blonde in a thin cotton nightgown.  Just over five feet
tall, her height made her D cup breasts more eye-popping than on her
friend Monica, who was almost a foot taller yet wore than exact same
size bra.  Her hand reached over to Dana's chest and began to unbutton
the redhead's blouse.
     
     "Oh, do I want to fuck!"  Lori exclaimed in a sleep-vioce.  She
moved next to Dana and began to rub against her.

     Now Monica, on the other hand, was not nearly as aggresive as Lori.
She wore a knee-length sleep-shirt with buttons from her waist to her
neck.  She was a baseball and basketball player at school but sexually
was very shy.  Everyone at school knew she had never had had sex with a
boy and they were right.  Her hands now reached down to her waist, to
pull up her shirt.  As the shirt passed her waist, she latched onto her
panties.  She promptly removed them.  Her moans of pleasure were clearly
audible.

     After her panties were off, she buried two fingers into her pussy,
which was rapidly moistening.  Her other hand went to her button, which
she rapidly undid.  Her free hand was now occupied with squeezing one of
her D cups and pinching her hard nipple.

     "What the hell?  Are you doing that?"

     "No, FX, it seems we are witnessing Scent's power in action.  Keep
your eye on the remote monitor, I'm going to 'take a load off my mind'."

     With that, Chris opened the ring box in front of Jennifer.  She
reached in and took out the left-most ring.  She put it on her right
index finger.  Chris readied for another command.

     "Jennifer, untie your top."

     "Here are my tits for your pleasure, Master."  Jen did as she was
commanded.  Both double D cups were clearly visible.  Chris took the
auto breast injector out and mounted it on Jennifer's right breast.  He
then hit the 'inject' button.

     The injector first began to manipulate Jennifer's large tit,
especially up at her nipple.  The tiny servo motors moved the needle
into position.  The injector per se put fluid at the very tip of the
needle, so as not to inject air.  Then the coup de grace, the needle
moved into Jen's nipple and injected its drug.

     Chris felt instant relief.  Controlling Jen now was as easy as
pushing a key on a keyboard.  He made her face appear awake and alert
and her body as well.

     Jen removed the injector from her tit and handed it to Chris.
While she re-tied the top, she spoke.  Her voice was animated.
     
     "Lord Somno, I'm ready to obey.  Do you have any orders for me?"

     "Not right now, Jennifer."

     "You don't have to call me Jennifer.  I'll still respond to
'slave'."

     "I prefer Jennifer.  You're much more than a mere slave."

     "As you wish, Master.  My body is a tool for your use."

     FX continued to watch the somno-dykes.  The short one was on top of
Dana.  Her nightgown was over her waist...no, make that completely
removed, and she was rubbing her pussy on the readhead's thigh.  The
other girl, the tall blonde, was licking her own nipple and continued to
finger herself.  Even though he had come in Tanya less than an hour ago,
his cock was stiff and ready to fuck.

     "Hey, FX, I'm going to send Jennifer in to get Dana."

     "Fuck no!  These chicks are really going at it!"

     "Keep your voice down."

     "OK, but they're still going at it."

     "Well, I'll have to stop them."

     "Why?  Scent's power can't affect me with my life support systems.
And Jennifer is totally under your control."

     "And I love it too."  added Jennifer, who kissed Chris on the
cheek.

     "Well, bonehead, it would affect me.  Besides, we have a schedule
to keep.  Anyway, those two blondes pale in comparison to Rogue, Psylocke
and Jean Grey."

     "I guess you're right, you useless penishead."

     "Damn straight, Particle Man with his Particle Penis."

     Chris reached out with his power to Dana's sleeping mind.  He
turned off her power.  He said to Jennifer,

     "Jen, bring her out."

     "No problem, m'lord."

     Jennifer walked to the house.  She could've jumped but her Master
wanted as little attention as possible.  Arriving at the window, she
could smell the scent power.  Her libido and Chris', her Master, began
to power up.  She calmly opened the window.

     Climbing into the room, she spotted Dana Curtis, still sleeping.
Another girl was sucking Dana's tit while a third girl masturbated
nearby.  Jennifer reached over and took Dana off the bed.  The
short-haired blonde crawled after Dana but ran into the long-haired
blonde.  Monica reached up and kissed her nude friend.  The two began to
'enjoy' each other's lesbian attentions.

     Jennifer carried Dana out of the room and set her down so she was
standing there.  Chris and FX were walking over.  Chris was beginning to
not give a ship about the other X-women.  FX was too caught up with
Jen's breasts to care either.

     "We got time?" asked FX.

     "Oh, fuck, sure, why not?" answered Chris.

     FX arrived in front of Jennifer.  He activated the emergency armor
removal button.  Once again, his armor fell off, leaving him in his
jock.  Chris spoke to Jen.

     "Jen, do what FX says until I tell you otherwise."

     "No problem.  Your slave awaits her new Master's commands."

     "Great.  Strip."

     "It's a pleasure to obey that order."  Jennifer smiled as her
attire, the baby-doll top and matching G-string, were removed by her own
hands.  "And what position would you like me in?"

     "On all fours...slave."

     "Doggie-style, it is."  Jennifer went to her hands and knees in the
grass.  FX pulled off his jock and went into her.

     Chris, on the other hand, was inspecting Dana's body.  Her power
was damn strong!  It was taking most of his sizable will and psionic
power to resist the urge to slam her high and hard, like FX and Jen.
She looked too innocent to just FUCK like that, and he wanted something
before sex.  She was nude now, so he massaged her body, lying in the
grass.

     FX was having a grand old time.  Scent's power had him fully in its
grip and his sizable libido didn't aid him here.  He slapped She-Hulk on
her ass.  Ride 'em cowboy! he thought.

     "Master, may I play with myself?"

     "Go right ahead, I don't care."

     "Many thanks, Master."  Jen reached back with her hand and felt her
pussy, which was being fucked by FX.  She could still stimulate
herself...there!

     A police car pulled up and a light shone on the four lovebirds.
Chris acted fast.

     "Jennifer, deal with the police."

     "At once, Master."
     
     Jennifer pulled out and stood up.  Before FX could say, "What the
fuck...?", she was at the police car.

     "She-Hulk?!  What is the meaning of this?"

     "You will now leave here and not return."

     "But you're naked!"

     "Under our clothes, we are all naked.  You have three seconds to
move on.  1."

     "Wait a minute."

     "2."

     "You're indecently exposed, She-Hulk.  As an officer of the law..."

     "3." She-Hulk ripped the door off of the police car.  She pulled
the driver out.  Applying pressure, she forced him into unconciousness.
Over the objections of the other, she did the same to him.  Once
through, she rejoined the party.
     
     "Damn!  I just came!"

     "Keep it down, FX."

     "I could've come on She-Hulk.  But noooo!  You gotta send her away.
Thanks a lot, asshole."

     "Chill, FX.  Plenty of time for coming later.  We gotta get going."
Scent's power had faded by now.

     "Ain't fucking fair."  He began to reassamble his armor.

     As the girls dressed, Chris reloaded the flying car.  He also
re-readied the auto breast injector for use on Dana.  Eventually, the
other three party members approached.

     "Jen, set your car's autopilot for the X-base."

     "At once, Master."  She left for the car.

     "Hey, did that thing work?"  FX gestured to the injector.

     "Of course.  Why do you think Jennifer is so awake-seeming?"

     "I thought it was all you."

     "Technically yes.  But flowing in Jen's blood now is a will
suppresant.  I'm going to inject Dana now.  Controlling her now is like
doing a sit-up.  Afterwards, it will be like taking a step."

     "Why does She-Hulk wear a Hypno-Ring?"

     "In case you need to take over."

     "The car is ready, Master."

     "Excellent, Jennifer.  Wait for us."

     "I hear and I obey."  Jennifer's response was matter-of-fact.

     Using the auto breast injector, and a Hypno-Ring, Dana was soon the
same as Jennifer.  The car, now loaded, Jen and Fx in front, Dana and
Chris in back, took off for the X-base.  Its goal:  the complete
domination of the three big-titted mutants all comicdom had been waiting
for!
       
       The Heroines Who Became Willing Somno-Villianesses (part 4)

     "Experiment 272, supplemental.  My two slaves, FX and I are ow
flying in Jennifer's car to the X-Base.  Jennifer and FX will handle
security while Dana and I take over the sleeping bodies of Psylocke,
Jean Grey and Rogue."  Chris finished speaking and deactivated the
cassette recorder.

     "How come you get all the fun?"

     "Because, FX, you are a much better battler than I am.  If the
male mutants attack, you will have to stop them."

     "Wait!  Me vs Wolverine, Cyclops and Colossus, to name a few.
Shulkie and I are good, but not that good."

     "Chill, FX."

     "Chill, my ass!  Why don't you just admit you are over-reaching,
and we'll take Shulkie and Scent back the penthouse so we can screw
them all night long."

     "Don't you relish the challenge of...?"
     
     "No!"

     "Too late to back out now.  We're there."

     Jennifer's flying car made a landing on the X-Roof.  A mind
entered Chris'.

     "Who are you?" it thought.

     "I am Lord Somno."

     "You are invading my base, Lord Somno."

     "No shit."

     "I shall signal my team to stop you."

     "Wrong answer, thank you for playing."  Chris activated the
telepathic disruptor and immediately got a splitting headache.

     "Oh fuck, oh fuck." he exclaimed.

     "Would you like me to strip now, Master, so you can have sex with
me?"  Dana asked.

     "No, Dana, I wasn't talking to you."

     "Then it is me you want to screw." suggested Jennifer.

     "No."  He liked the total control of the gorgeous heroines but
they sure were acting STUPID.  Maybe FX was rubbing off on them.

     "NOT!" said FX.

     "Let's go." said Chris.

     Using Chris' lightsaber, (you thought I forgot he had one ,
didn't you?) the party got into the X-base.  Chris used Dana's
knowledge of the passcodes to make it to the bedrooms.

     "OK, FX," Chris said as he handed the controller to FX, "take
Jennifer to the control room and deal with the person on duty."

     "What if it is Wolverine?"

     "Give him a beer."

     After flipping Chris off, FX and Jennifer headed to the control
room.  The two went through several passdoors which Jennifer punched
in the codes for.  Chris must be using the Rings and his power to move
data from Bimbo 2 to Bimbo 1.  Soon, they were at THE control room.

     Ororo, also known as Storm, was manning the monitor at that
moment.  Though she was leader in Professor X's absence, she longed to
be free of the responsibility.  This was not her place, watching
sensors that never changed.  Never changed?  Why hadn't the sensors
changed?  It's almost like...

     "Hello, Storm."  said She-Hulk.  Storm turned to Jen.

     "She-Hulk!  What are you doing here?"

     "Relax, Storm.  I need to talk to you."

     "But the sensors didn't detect you."  Something was REALLY wrong!

     "I need to talk to another female super-heroine.  One on one."
Storm dedcided to play it cagey.  Jennifer was under mind control for
sure.  Why else would she walk in clad in a baby doll?

     "All right, Jennifer.  What do you want?"

     "Did you know that you are gorgeous?"  Uh-oh, a real pervert has
control of Jennifer.  If only Jean or Elizabeth were here...That's it!

     "Really, Jennifer.  Do you think that Psylocke is beautiful,
too?"

     Uh-oh, thought FX.  The plan had Chris working on Psylocke right
now!  I can't have her being summoned.

     "Oh...not really.  Not like you."  Jennifer seemed to be talking
like a man.  She is also trying to corner me, he thought.

     FX had Jennifer stop.  He needed a clear shot.  If he missed,
Storm would see him, because an attack cancelled his S. E. P. field.

     "I am done with this banter.  Who are you really?"

     "I'm your worst nightmare."

     The dart struck Storm right in the tit.  The chemicals dissolved
in her soft flesh quickly.

     Storm could see her attacker as the dart stung her in the breast.
A rush of euphoria passed over her.  She had to resist.  She couldn't
move but maybe she use wind to fly to the console and push the alert
button.

     Storm took to the air.  A green hand reached up and clamped onto
her.  She was still flying but now was carrying Jen's great weight.
She pushed her power a little farther while she could still reason.

     The front of her outfit ripped away and the now-topless mutant
 neared the alert button.  She had to push it.  She was almost there
and...

     She made it!  She pushed the button and nothing happened.  All
the controls were dead.  What the...?

     "Sorry, Storm."  said FX.  "It seems my sonic suppression
field has negated electron flow in the area.  Too bad."

     "I'll destroy your armor now!"  Storm tried to fire lightning
at FX.  She then realized the chemical was seriously affecting her
ability to think.  Electron flow is negated!  I can't fire
lightning!  I'll just...just...Storm's mind went into neutral.  The
man she was facing must be her Master.  As his slave, her body was
his to command.

     Meanwhile, Jennifer, without the Ring to order her and without
Chris' mind to guide her (that was currently being disrupted), fell
back to sleep on the floor.  She looked quiet and content.

     Ororo walked up to FX and fell to her knees before him.  She
looked up to him and spoke.

     "Ororo, your slave, is ready to obey."

     FX switched off the field.  This was gonna be fun.

     Elizabeth Braddock, better known as Psylocke, slept
comfortably in her bed.  For this warm summer night, she wore a
simple white t-shirt and panties.  She lay on her back, and was
 dreaming of her rescue from the clutches of the Mandarin by
Wolverine.  She had some so close to becoming his assassin-slave.
It bothered her.
     
     Dana carefully pulled off the covers on Psylocke and crawled
into bed next to her.  Chris had used the emergency chemistry kit
to temporarily make himself immune to Scent's power.  Now, he placed
his hands on Psylocke's head.  Scent's power of love flowed through
the sleeping woman's nostrils.  Her dream changed.

     "Who are you?"  she asked.  "Where is the Mandarin, so I can
pay him back for what he did to me?"

     "Elizabeth Braddock, I am Lord Somno."

     "What do you want?"

     "I offer you an escape."

     "From what?"

     "Your dreams."

     "All right, I understand.  You have some sort of sleep-control
power and you can alter dreams."  Damn, thought Chris, she's good!

     "Essentially correct, Elizabeth.  You now no longer need
concern yourself with your nightmares."

     "I don't sense that you are lying, I feel I can trust you."
Scent's power was working.

     "Are you ready to proceed?"

     "Yes."

     "You are currently in the clothing the Mandarin has clothed
you in.  If you remove it, you will symbolically remove his
influence in your dreams."

     "All right."  Psylocke began to disrobe in the dream.

     Elizabeth sat up in bed, eyes closed, expression blank.  She
pulled the t-shirt over her head, revealing her large
comic-book-heroine tits.  She then reached down and slid off her
panties, leaving her nude in bed.

     The dream setting changed to match the real-life setting.  In
both, nude Elizabeth Braddock got up and walked to her underwear
drawer.  Dana followed her.  The blouse-clad redhead pulled both
pieces of underwear out of the real Psylocke's hands, so as the
busty heroine headed to the closet, she remained naked.

     In the same way, Dana moved all the attire just before Psylocke
could grab it, so her nudity was maintained.  Elizabeth now spoke.

     "You're right, Jean would benefit from this."  A pause.  "I
understand she must be asleep."  Another pause.  "No problem, follow
me."

     The black-haired mutant led Dana and Chris to the room of Jean
Grey.  As they walked there, Chris wondered how FX was doing.

     Storm, now nude, continued her oral stimulation of Jennifer.
Ororo's tongue probed deep into the green woman's pussy.  Her Master
had told her she was bisexual so she had accepted it, without question.

     FX, who had disrobed Storm, tasted the black woman's cunt.  PDG,
pretty damn good, he thought, but far too dry.  He manuevered around
her pussy.  He wondered how long it had been since she had had this.

     "Slave Ororo, how long has it been since a guy ate you out?"
     
     "Over a year, Master."  came the reply.

     Fuck, thought FX.  This bitch needs serious sex.  He considered
pushing the emergency armor removal button again, but knew that he
would need his armor's power should another X-man enter.  He instead
activated the Uther Pendragon flap and spoke to Jennifer.

     "Jennifer, my dear, take over on Ororo's pussy.  I'm going to fuck
you."

     "I hear and I obey, Master."  came her entranced reply.  She moved
away from Storm and bent at the waist, so she could eat out the sitting
on a stool mutant.  FX whipped it out and put it in.  His metal front
slapped against Jen's green ass.  Awesome, he thought.

     Dana, who was keeping to the plan, pulled the awto-breast
injector out from Chris' belt.  She, Elizabeth and Chris were standing
at Jean Grey's door.  The black-haired mutant was being fingered by
Chris and she showed no reaction.  This was, of course, expected.  Dana
mounted the device on Elizabeth's left tit and activated it.  The tiny
motors whirred and the needle delivered it's chemical into the nude
woman's large breast.
     
     Chris immediately relaxed.  With Psylocke's will dampened, he
did not have to touch her to control her sleeping body.  He put a
Hypno-Ring on her right index finger while Dana reloaded and replaced
the injector.  The naked girl then touched the pad and opened the door.

     Jean and Scott lay in bed together, with Jean on Scott's right and
half on him.  Both were naked as far as the covers showed, as far as
Chris could see.  They probably had been fucking, he thought.  He had
to make sure Mr. Sommers did not awaken with Miss Grey's movements.

     "Elizabeth, keep the man asleep while I help Jean."  he said
quietly to her.

     "Of course, Lord Somno.  I've often fantasized about a apecial
method I could use."

     "Then do so."

     "With pleasure.  And with my mouth."

     Elizabeth walked around the bed to Scott.  She slowly pulled back
the covers.  Jean's and Scott's hips were on the same level, so access
to his cock was partially blocked.  In spite of this, Elizabeth knelt
down on the floor, bent over Scott and began to stroke and lick his
cock.

     "Scott, you will not awaken.  Even if you come, you will stay
asleep."  she said to him.

     "Sure."  was Scott's sleep-blurred reply.

     Now, with that taken care of, Chris began to enter Jean's mind.
Dana stood at bed's end, masturbating as the scent of lust filled the
air.

     Jean's dreamless sleep was interupted by Chris.  Both were nude
in, of all places, a busy bank.  Naked people moved about, transacting
business and serving customers.

     "What are you doing to me?"  the redhead asked.

     "Moi?"  answered Chris.

     "Yes, you.  You're controlling my dream."

     "It's a good dream, isn't it?"

     "It's damn perverted!"

     "But fun!"

     "If you're in my dreams, you must be close, maybe even in my room.
Aren't you?"

     "You're right on the money."

     "I'll simply mentally call..."

     "Professor X.  I've already blocked his mind out for the moment.
I wouldn't have gotten this far if I hadn't."

     "Then I'll call Storm.  She should be on duty."

     "Already nullified.  I'm not stupid, you know."

     "You're quite smug, aren't you?"

     "Damn straight!"
     
     "No problem then I'll call...What are you two doing here?"

     Per Chris' plan, Psylocke and Scent approached the pair.  They
were, of course, naked.

     "Jean, you might defeat me.  But the three of us, I think not."

     "Betsy, fight it!  He has you under his power.  Fight!"

     "Jean, I'm a lover, not a fighter.  And I love your huge breasts.
I've always loved the way you look."

     "Wait a minute!  This can't be.  You can't force Elizabeth or Dana
to do this, a hypnotized person can't be forced to do anything they
normally wouldn't do."

     "Miss Grey," began Dana, "we're sleep-walking.  Chris controls our
luscious bodies and commands us to have sex wth you."  With that, Dana
kissed Jean on the lips.  Elizabeth, standing next to Jean, felt her
teammate's big tit.

     Jean could feel a wave of incredible passion come over her.  She
was surrounded by big, firm tits and wet pussies.  Her defenses dropped
and she spoke in a zombie-like way.

     "I am Jean, your willing slave.  What is your will of me?"

     "Fuck your friends."

     "I hear and I obey."

     With that, the scene changed to a huge air-mattress and Jean lied
down on it.  Her two friends lied down on top of her.  Each woman on
top rubbed her tits against Jean's.  Chris walked over to the lezzie
trio.

     "You girls are far too dry.  Play with each other."

     Without response, Jean's right hand moved up by Dana's cunt.  Her
fingers delved into Dana's pussy.  Dana reached over to Elizabeth's
black mane, which actually was already a bit wet.  Elizabeth's left
hand probed Jean, and she licked her fingers to help lubricate the
prone redhead.

     Outside the dream, Psylocke's body was in a sort-of auto-fellate
mode, barely aware of her surroundings.  She was tounging Scott's cock
slowly.  Without the slightest warning, Jean's sleeping body shifted
up and right.  She swung her right leg over Scott and lowered herself
onto his cock.

     "Fuck me, Master." she said softly.

     "Fuck me, Master." she yelled to Chris in the dream.  "I want a
cock in my pussy!"

     "Whatever you say."  Chris moved to on top of Jean, as Elizabeth
and Dana moved out of the way.  Chris wondered if FX was having this
much fun.

     FX was pounding away on Jen's tight pussy.  He had moved the green
woman so she was sitting in the chair.  She also was engaged in sucking
Storm's tits while Storm french-kissed FX.  He could feel the cum
coming.

     "Ororo, sit on Jen's lap and prepare for cum in your mouth."

     "At once, my Master."

     Ororo did as she was ordered.  FX moved his cock into Ororo's
mouth and just then...

     The light stream of cum passed from penis to throat quickly.
Ororo swallowed every drop while Jen licked FX's cock and balls.  FX
had finally come in a woman and he was in happy mode.

     "You girls lez out, I'm gonna check out the computer."  FX was
seriously drained.  After all, it was his third cumming of the story.
Storm and Jen both looked at FX.

     "We hear and we obey."  they said together.

     Both women now placed their hands in each nether regions.  They
french-kissed and their huge tits collided.  The nude females showed no
sign of being anything but complete lesbians.

     Chris, in Jean's dream, was really giving it to her, high and hard.
Dana and Elizabeth lied on either side of Jean.  Each had a tit in hand.
Elizabeth leaned forward and sucked her teammate's nipple.  She was
rewarded with warm lactation.  She squeezed the tit and squirted it into
her mouth.  Dana looked at Chris.

     With only a glance exchange, Dana left the dream and returned fully
to reality.  She saw Jean again, this time on top of her bedmate, slowly
fucking him.  She walked over to Chris' body, which lay on the bed now.

     Per the plan, she used the auto-breast injector on Jean.  She also
put a Hypno-Ring on her finger.  Once this was done, she moved back to
Chris.  She undid his pants and pulled them to his knees.  His JCPenny
underwear followed suit.  She lied next to him, facing the foot of the
bed.  She took his cock in her mouth and fellated him.

    In the dream, Chris felt Dana's signal.  He knew it was time to move
on.  Jean looked and felt so good.  He was nearly ready to come.  That
would...have to wait.  He pulled out of Jean and got up.  He beckoned to
the girls as he walked away.

    "Come, slaves."  The girls smiled at him and answered together.

    "Yes, Master."

    Soon the party of Chris, Dana, and the nude somnabulistic bodies of
Elizabeth and Jean headed to Rogue's room.  Scott, of course, still
slumbered in the bed, unaware of any problems.  Normally, of course,
with Ring and chemicals, Jean and Betsy would be animated and cheerfully
obedient, like Dana was.  But their psi abilities as well as the mental
duller hampered Chris, so the girls were ordinary somno-robots.  With
big tits, thought Chris.

    Jennifer and Ororo were getting very excited now.  They adjourned to
the fllor for some 69ing.  Jennifer was on top because her body was so
much longer.  The two now-dyke heroines tongued each other pussies as if
they had been born to it.  Their pleasure levels increased.

    Entering Rogue's room silently, the party found the power-draining
heroine asleep, of course.  She had retired in a knee-length
baseball-style shirt.  She lay on her right side, calm and peaceful.
Now the party would find out if THE device worked.  Chris signalled Jean
and Elizabeth.

    Jean telekinetically pulled down the covers and pulled up Rogue's
night attire.  Her muscular body, not like Jen's, but quite nice, was
clearly exposed.  Her panties were lacy and black.  Chris smiled, his
plans were going to CUM to fruition.

    Jean mentally took THE device off Chris' belt and put it on Rogue.
Automatic units delved through Rogue's belly button and the device was
soon attached.  It looked like a boxing championship belt without the
belt.  On Chris' order, Jean hit the 'ON' switch.

    Elizabeth walked to Rogue.  She put her hands on Rogue racing-stripe
hair.  There was NO change in either of them!  THE device was a complete
success.  Chris signalled Jean for Phase #2.

    Within moments, Jean had removed Rogue's skimpy night-attire,
leaving her like her teammates, in the buff.  Jean moved to the sleeping
heroine's pussy and began to eat her out.  Elizabeth kissed the now nude
girl and felt her big tit, just like her own.  Dana filled the room with
the odor of raw sex and Rogue moaned.

    Moving to Rogue's other tit, Chris used the injector on her as well
as supplying her with a Ring.  Her mental defense was really strong.  He
had to take it down before he could hope to have a chance at her
untouched pussy.

    In the control room, Storm was lying on the floor while Jennifer
exclusively ate her out.  FX was behind Jen, fucking her as he had
before.  Storm's breathing became faster and faster.  She moaned with
pleasure.  She had a MASSIVE orgasm.

    All over the place, electrical devices of all shapes and
descriptions blew up, overloaded and were generally nuked at the EMP.
Chris, who was about to touch Rogue and 'persuade' her to join him, lost
all but the injector and his lightsaber.  Betsy, Jean and Dana fell off
the bed and fell on the floor, asleep.  Rogue continued sleeping,
undisturbed.

    In the control room, tons of warning bells went off.  FX's armor was
a pile of dog doo on the floor.  Jen fell on top of Storm, who regained
her faculties.

    "You!  What is going on here?"

    "Ororo, he is an intruder.  I am summoning your slumbering
teammates."  thought Professor X to her.

    FX was totally screwed.  He had to get out of here.  He ran away as
all his armor came off.  Storm summoned wind and pursued him.

    Chris, in the bedroom, knew the jig was up.  He and FX were no match
for the full power of the X-men.  He was at max range but if he could
send one more message...

    SHNICK!
    
    "All right, bub.  What the hell is going on here?"  It was Logan.

    "Would you believe, panty raid?"

    "No.  In fact, I would believe that you are going to be spilling
some blood real soon."

    "I think not."  Chris pulled the lightsaber.

    Logan's heightened senses were hit with the lingering effects of
Scent's power.  His libido went into overdrive.  There was Jean, on the
floor, nude.  Here he was, and this guy, well, fuck him.

    Jean rolled over on her back.  She moaned as she spread her legs
slightly.

    "I'm horny as hell.  Someone fuck me."

    Forgetting about Chris, Logan pulled down his boxers and gave Jean
the Hot Beef Injection.  He had wanted for years to fuck her.  This was
a GREAT dream, he thought.

    The other three girls were all masturbating in their sleep.
Elizabeth was even sucking her own tit.  She really has a breast
fixation, Chris thought.  This scenario might just work out OK.  He
moved to Dana and...

    POOF!

    Chris and FX were nearly naked in the snow.  Both had underwear on
and Chris had his belt with injector and lightsaber on.

    "What the fuck!?"  yelled FX.

    "I was wondering the same thing."

    "Welcome to Antartica."  It was Stan.

    "Stan!"  exclaimed Chris.  "What the !@#$?"

    "You two have taken this far enough.  Logan and Jean was too much
even for me.  I'm taking away all your equipment and banishing you to
the cave below us!"

    "Get off your moral high-horse, Stan.  You frist drew Jean as having
a large chest.  And since her you have Gwen Stacy, Mary Jane Watson, Sue
Storm Richards and so on.  All have one thing in common.  Big, firm
bazooms.  Even Kitty Pryde is big-breasted these days.  Don't give me
your crap."

    "I suppose you're right.  I'm sorry.  How can I make it up to you?"

    "Well how about all the girls from before plus..." said FX.

    "Chill, FX."

    "It's too cold out to 'chill' out here.  I'm freezing my %^&s off!"

    "How about home, home, home?"

    "Cool."

    "OK."

    Just like that, Chris and FX were home in their warm beds.  Dawn was
just breaking as a night ended.  On Chris' dresser was a Lotto ticket
with a card and bow attached.  The card read:

    To two guys who showed me the true purpose of comics.

                                            Stan.

THE END.


 


Press <RETURN> to continue, <m> to mail:
