Copyright 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




	My Cousin Kristie
	by Dave Nichols

	When Kristie found out that I often wrote sex stories, she wouldn't
leave me alone.  I'm almost 30 and Kristie is my cousin, barely 19 when
this relationship began, petite and quite a doll.  I guess most people
would call her "cute" because of her looks.  But she has always been a
precocious kid, graduating at the top of her high school class, getting
scholarship offers galore.  But she wanted to go to the local business
school and work full time locally.  She occasinally did some modelling
because, as I said, she's a doll.  Her short reddish-brown hair, freckled
nose and bawdy sense of humor made her popular with everyone, including
me.
	A few weeks ago, I answered the door to find Kristie, wearing shorts
and a halter top.  "Hi, Cuz," she said.  She'd call me 'Cuz' as a pet
name.  "Got a few minutes to talk?"
I asked her in and no sooner had I shut the door than she asked, "Is it
true you write fuck stories?"  I'd heard Kristie say 'fuck' before, but
always as part of a joke.  But this time it was different.
	"Who told you that?" I asked.  Writing erotic stories, whether you
call it smut, porn or 'fuck stories,' it isn't something you announce to
the general public.  But it pays well and there's less competition.  My
close friends knew.  My uncle, Kristie's father, knew.  No one thinks
it's wrong or "bad."  Itt's good money and I don't write degrading crap.
But I certainly don't tell everyone I meet or know that I write erotica.
My grandmother doesn't know.  And I didn't think Kristie did. =20
	"Never mind how I found out," she answered.  "But if it's true, I
think it's pretty neat.  Well?"  I felt a twinge of embarrassment but I
couldn't lie.  "Okay, it's true.  But I don't call them 'fuck stories.'"
Kristie's face lit up.  I suddenly became aware that my nubile cousin was
braless as her nipples poked the material of her halter.
	"Lemme read some, Cuz."  What could I do or say?  I led her to my work
room, showed her where my file copies of sex magazines were, then I left
the room.  Embarrassed, I guess.  I went to the kitchen, grabbed a beer
from the 'fridge, and gulped it down.  I have to admit that I had felt
some sexual attraction to Kristie for some time.  Whenever I wrote about
a girl losing her virginity, it was Kristie's face I had in  mind.  Her
young body, her youthful eagerness, her intelligence, all had inspired
and influenced me.  And now she was actually reading the material I had
written.=20
	I grabbed another beer, popped it open, and went to my workroom to
find Kristie avidly reading the sex magazines I'd been published in.
=46rom the look on her face it was obvious she was enjoying what she was
reading.  She was breathing rapidly, sweat shone on her upper lip, and
her nostrils seemed to flare, all the signs of a woman in heat, even a
cousin.  She saw or heard me and said, "I love to read about people
fucking almost as much as I love to fuck.  Surprised?"  How could I be?
I mean, she was smart, witty, attractive and old enough.  I felt a twinge
at  the thought of my cousin getting dicked by some pimply teenager.
Jealousy, I guess.  I also felt a twinge in my loins as I warmed to the
subject with my cousin.
	"Does it embarrass you that I'm talking about fucking, Dave?" she
asked.  "Well, not embarrassed, I'm just not used to it," I answered.
	"Not used to fucking?" she asked.  "Oh, you know what I mean," I said.
She was enjoying this conversation immensely.  "I'm not used to talking
about it with you."
	"Don't you get horny when you write this stuff?  God, I know I sure
would.  I'm getting wet just reading.  Ooh, this is really hot."  Kristie
started reading part of a story I had written.  "'My cock had never felt
so hard as it did in Gina's  mouth.  Her tongue flicked the underside of
my meat and her lips seemed to caress and stroke my shaft.
	"'"Fuck my tits," Gina pleaded as she took her mouth off and held her
big jugs together.  Trouble was, I wanted to eat her pussy first.  After
all, eating her pussy was what I'd dreamed of doing for years.'  Damn,
Dave, I love this stuff!"  Hearing Kristie reading that passage had
excited me as well.  And there was very little I could do to hide my
excitement, since a bulging cock is difficult to hide in tight shorts.
Kristie immediately noticed and then she blushed.  "I guess you do get
horny, Cuz," she grinned, standing up as she stared at the front of my
shorts.  "Was it my reading that did that, Dave?  It sure couldn't be my
tits 'cause mine aren't big enough to fuck.  See?"  Kristie lifted her
halter and showed me her pert breasts, the nipples pink and rigid.  My
personal preference is for small tits not large ones.  I felt my cock
grow another inch as I looked at my cousin's mouth-watering boobies.
	"Kristie, you have great tits," I said.  She beamed. "Most guys like
big tits," she told me.  "A girl with big breasts will have sagging chest
bags when she's forty," I said.  "Yours will still be young and suckable
then."
	"Suck them now, Dave," she said breathily.  I couldn't have resisted
if I'd wanted to, cousin or not.  And, believe me, I wanted to suck those
nubbins.  So I lowered my head to her left mound and stuck out my tongue.
I circled the perky nipple then popped the rigid nub between my lips.
Kristie gasped and her arms went around me, holding me as I sucked and
chewed, first one, then the other, hot mound of flesh.
	"Oh, Dave, that feels so good!"  Kristie's body wiggled as she tried
to push more of her titty-flesh into my mouth.  I think she must have had
a mini-orgasm from the way she jerked around and gasped.  Then she asked
me if I liked to eat pussy.  I told her I did.   "None of the boys I've
been with would lick me."	      "Boys aren't old enough to know what's
good," I said.
     "Would you...will you...eat my pussy?"  I picked her up and carried
her to my bedroom and laid her on the bed.  I pulled  off her sneakers
while she removed her halter.  I reached for her shorts but stopped.
"Kristie, are you sure you want this?"  "Yes, please."  "You won't hate
me for it, will you?  This is incest, you know."  "Oh, Dave, you don't
know how long I've dreamed of having sex with you, my handsome, smart
cousin.  Please.  Do me."
	I unsnapped and unzipped her shorts, gripped the waistband of her
shorts and panties and slid them down her legs and off her feet.  Her
downy brown pubic triangle contrasted with the pale, untanned flesh of
her belly.  I gently spread her legs and put a pillow under her ass to
give me the best access to her pussy.
	And what a beautiful pussy Cousin Kristie had!  The fragrance of her
secretions made me even more eager to feast.  I used my fingers to part
her slick folds and I exposed the wet crimson of her cunt.  Her clit was
stiff and the largest I'd ever seen on a woman.  It was as big as the end
of my pinky finger, almost like a miniature cock.  No wonder she seemed
to get so excited.  With a clit like that, it's a wonder she wasn't horny
24 hours a day!  But I've since found out that she does stay excited 24
hours a day!
	I let the flat of my tongue lick her slit from asshole to clit.
Kristie shuddered, her legs locked around my head and she chanted, "Yes,
yes, oh yes."  Kristie tasted tangy sweet and more of that love liquid
oozed from her hole and onto my tongue.  My nose kept rubbing against her
clit so I stuck a finger into her cunt and took that clit of hers between
my teeth.   Needless to say, my cousin went crazy.  "Oh, God, oh...oh!"
she wailed and she bucked and thrashed at the mercy of my finger and
tongue.  I eased my finger out of her pussy, sucked her cream from it,
then sent my tongue into her quim to quench my thirst for her nectar.  My
finger toyed with her asshole and I worked the digit up her backside to
the first knuckle when she came again, her muscles contracting as if to
nip off my tongue and finger.
	Kristie's heels pounded my back and she went wild as she came.
=46ortunately I live in a house, not an apartment, because her screams of
ecstasy were loud enough to arouse others in an apartment building.  As
it was, I'm glad my next-door neighbors were at work because Kristie was
loud when she came.  After a few minutes I stopped and she caught her
breath.  "It's never been like that," she said.  "Whew!  I think you've
spoiled me."  She put her hand on the bulging wet spot on my shorts.
"What can I do to repay you, Cuz?"
	Kristie tugged my shorts down and my 8-incher sprang out, strands of
pre-cum strung between the tip and my matted pubic hair.  Her eyes got as
big as saucers and she gripped my bat in both hands.  "Uh, this thing'll
split me if...."=20
	"Don't worry, Kristie," I said.  "We don't have to fuck."  	"Oh, but I
do want to fuck," Kristie assured me.  "It's just that this is so damn
big!"
	"Look, tell you what," I explained as she slowly pumped my prick,
staring at it as if hypnotized.  "Right now I'm too close to shooting to
bother with a rubber, let alone trying to squeeze my cock into you.  How
about making me come and we'll fuck when we have plenty of time.  Okay?"
	"What do you want me to do?" she asked.  =20
     "Think you can jerk it off or suck on it?"
	"All I've ever done was fuck, Dave.  I always thought sucking was
supposed to be nasty, but after what you did to me...."  Kristie had
milked a clear drop of ooze out of the slit and she moved her head close
and stuck her tongue out.  The tip of her pink oral muscle touched the
drop and retreated to her mouth, followed by the shiny wet string.
	"Hmmm, not bad," she said after tasting my pre-cum.  "Kinda sweet.  I
figured it would taste just awful."  I knew that I had to come, and soon,
and I wanted plenty of time to introduce her to cocksucking.  "Just pull
on it, Kristie.  I'm close to coming.  Yeah, like that."  She was using
both hands to jerk me off and she was staring with fascination at my
balls and prick.
	"Squeeze it tighter!  Pull faster!"  I felt all my energy focus on the
twitching in my prostate, he familiar signal.  "Kristie, I'm coming!" I
gasped.  I felt my cum race up my swollen shaft and I saw the first wad
explode from the tip.  Kristie was watching closely, so closely that
first white gob of goo splatted high on her forehead.  She squealed with
delight as she pumped yet another wad up and out, and another.   She was
enjoying watching my prick spew cum with the same glee kids have at
fireworks displays.  But for all the fun she was having, I had the
advantage because I was having the orgasm and I had the added pleasure of
watching Kristie excitedly milk my jizz out of my cock.
	By the time my sperm was only trickling from my cock, the stuff was
all over my stomach, Kristie's hands and arms, even in her hair and on
her face.  She was still giggling as she licked and sucked the head of my
spent prick.  She kept sucking as my cock shrank and I managed to settle
down.  "That was great, Kristie," I said, using my finger to wipe cum off
her cheek.   "I can't remember coming like that."  She took my
cum-covered finger and, to my surprise, sucked it into her mouth.  "Hmm,
this is good stuff," she said.  "Next time I wanna try sucking, Dave.
How long till you can do it again?
	My cock had not gone down yyyet, so I told Kristie to go ahead and
try.  The first thing she did was to lick up and down the length of my
meat, lapping the cum that oozed from the hole.  She toyed with my balls,
instinctively knowing just how to squeeze without bringing pain.=20
	She finally opened her mouth and let my cock slip between her lips and
into her mouth.  I felt as if I were getting my first blowjob as her
tongue tentatively explored my pole.  Slowly she learned, and soon her
head was bobbing up and down on my cock,.  Sloshy, sexy sounds escaped
her mouth as she worked on me, and soon I felt the familiar tug inside
that let me know I was about to shoot.
	And shoot I did.  I managed to warn Kristie but she kept her lips
around my cock and when my cum spurted, she swallowed like
a seasoned cocksucker.  I have no idea where this second load came from,
but it felt like I was pouring my guts out through my cock.
	Well, several weeks have passed and Kristie has become an enthusiastic
cocksucker.  She took to oral sex with a passion, even to some rimming
and reaming of my asshole with her tongue when she found out how
sensitive I was to it.  She even finger- fucked my ass and naturally I
returned the favor, sucking her sweet, petite bum.
	We took our time when we first fucked, and with her on top she managed
to get almost all of my cock inside her.  She wants me to fuck her
without a condom because "I want to feel you shoot off inside me."  I
told her I just wanted to be cautious because of AIDS.  When I'm sure
things are okay and we don't have to worry about AIDS or herpes, you can
believe I'll fuck her without the rubber.  Of course by then I'll know
she's on the Pill and that we don't have to worry about her getting
pregnant.
	For now, though, we've got plenty to do.  We suck, we fuck, we jerk
each other off, we suck each other's ass, and Kristie even fucks my
asshole with a vibrator.  She bought a strap on dildo and loves to climb
between my legs and skewer my ass while I beat my meat until I spurt my
cum between us and all over her tits.  I love it, too.
	She's really sexually imaginative.  She met a woman at a clothing
store down the street who, Kristie swears, has lezzie written all over
her.  She is slowly cultivating a friendship to find out what it feels
like to have sex with a woman.  But she wants me to be there, too.
	In the meantime, Kristie wants to write sex stories, so I'm helping
her out.  She certainly has the imagination and we love doing the
research!=0C




























	Kristie's Quim
	I wrote some time back about fucking my cousin Kristie.  She's 21 now
and I'm in my thirties and I still sometimes write for the adult market.
As I previously explained, Kristie found out what sort of adult material
I wrote ("fuck stories" she said) and she and one thing led to another
and we began having sex with each other.  At first we just sucked each
other, partly for health reasons, but frankly I was afraid my thick cock
would split her apart.
	Kristie fell head over heels in passionate lust with my joystick.  She
seemed to find it a source of security as well as pleasure.  Even when we
weren't sexing it up, Kristie's hand would nestle in my crotch, or she'd
lay her head in my lap when we watched TV.  Day or night, my cock was
like a security blanket for her to hold or a pacifier for her to suck.
	Eventually, though, we fucked.  Kristie had gotten on the Pill and we
were both anxious to do it.  I mean, oral sex is great, but if you ever
saw my cousin, you'd know why I dearly anted to fuck her.  Her petite
5'1" body is topped by her long main of chestnut-colored hair and her
freckles and big brown eyes give her the look of innocence that is so
attractive.  But this adorable young lady has a vocabulary and
imagination that have given me so much material, I'm backlogged with
stories I haven't sold yet.
	For the first fuck, I lay on the bed, my stiff 9 inches rising like a
rocket above my balls.  We 69'd for a minute then I applied some KY to my
cock and to her cunt before she straddled me.  She spread her lips and
lowered herself until the swollen knob touched her hot flesh.
	"I wonder what my daddy would say if he knew that you about to dick
his daughter?"
	"I give up," I said as my hands lightly held her hips.  "What would he
say if he knew?"
	Kristie grinned and said two words.  "'Fuck it!'" and then sat down
with all her 90 pounds on my cock.  The head and about an inch of the
shaft disappeared inside Kristie's tight, incredibly hot, cunt.
	"Ooh, God, is it in?" she asked.
	"Well, it's a start, but you still have a long way to go."
	"How long?" my cousin asked.
	"About six inches," I answered.
	"Help me, Dave."  I pulled down on her hips while I slowly pushed
upward.  I could feel the flesh inside opening wide as my prick pushed
its way inside.  Kristie had told me she never had a guy do her but she
had used a vibrator to break her cherry and in the last two months she'd
used various dildos and vibrators to stretch her cunt in preparation for
fucking me.
	"Shit, Dave, this is good!  Ahh, I love it!  Fuck!  How much?  How
much?"
	"You've got half of it inside."  I admit, even my voice was shaky as I
watched my swollen prick enter Kristie's quim.  Her cunt was stretched
around me as she impaled herself.  Still, droplets of her secretions
oozed from the tight seal around my prick and matted my pubic hair and
ran in hot rivulets onto my balls.
	"Oh, you feel so good inside me!  More, give me more!"  Both of us
pushed and slowly more of my pole vanished inside of her.  I was prepared
to stop quickly when I felt the pressure of her cervix on my prickhead,
and soon enough came the resistance.  Kristie looked and saw about two
inches of prick still remained outside, and she whimpered and started
grinding her hips.
	Suddenly, my cock slid past the entrance and suddenly Kristie's
reddish curls were meshed with my brown ones.  Her firm buns warmed my
balls and my cock was out of sight, completely encased in Kristie's hot
pussy.  She just gasped and collapsed on my chest, partly passed out at
the sensation of having nine thick inches of cock inside her.  I didn't
move, just enjoyed the grip of her cunt on my prick, the softness of her
body and the sound of her breathing.  Her lips pursed on my chest and I
hugged her tightly and kissed her head.
	"I love you so much, Dave," she whispered softly after a minute or
two.  Very slowly I pulled out.  The flange inside her tweaked the
sensitive underside of my cock and she shuddered at the sensation.  Her
cunt made loud sucking noises as I pulled out.  Raw flesh that likely had
never seen the light of day clung to my prick, trying to pull me back
inside.
	"Don't pull out," Kristie begged, sitting up and once again encasing
my fleshy sword in her tight sheath.  Kristie's clit was swollen and
protruding from above our joined piece as I reached down to stimulate the
protruding button.  Kristie closed her eyes and whimpered at the added
stimulation and rode my cock faster and faster.
	I felt my cum boiling in my balls and told her I was close.  "Wait for
me, wait for me!" she pleaded, grinding down on my invading tool.  Her
face was flushed and both of us had broken out in a heated sweat and I
strained to lick salty drops from her face and the ends of her nipples.
	When Kristie's cunt began contracting around my cock, I knew that I
couldn't hold back any longer.  She started gasping and shouting, "Oh . .
. Dave . . . cumming!  Fuck . . . oh, cum . . . cum in me!"
	My thick cum was fired up my cock's long barrel and exploded just as
she slammed down hard, again pushing my cockhead deep into her body.  The
wad ricocheted off her inner wall with such force, Kristie gasped.
	"I feel it!  You're cumming inside me!"  Her cunt squeezed my prick,
milking more and more lava of love into her very depths.  At that moment
I realized that I was dearly in love with Kristie, much more than I was
ever in love with anyone.  Every ounce of my very being seemed to be
pouring out of my body into hers and when she collapsed, exhausted, I
took her into my arms and we slept a satisfied sleep, my soft prick
soaking in the grip of her cunt.
	I awoke to find Kristie bouncing on my cock again, and it quickly grew
to its full length.  I was still fascinated at the image of my cock
disappearing inside her.  I really expected to see her stomach pooch out
to make room inside for my cock.  Kristie was operating on sexual
overdrive as she kept gasping through one cunt-tightening orgasm after
another, a combined mix of her juice and my cum being force from her cunt
with every downward plunge until, finally, I again filled the cup of her
cunt with a generous helping of my sperm syrup.
	We just lay there, catching our breath, relishing the feeling of
sweaty flesh against sweaty flesh, her cunt eventually giving up its hold
on my spent and sore cock.  I felt a torrent of hot fluid follow my
released meat and dribble over my balls and thighs.  Kristie sighed,
kissed me and looked long and lovingly into my eyes.  She reached down,
scooped up some juice, and brought it to  her lips.  Her pink tongue
lapped her fingers clean of the stuff and she kissed me, the salty, tangy
taste of our juice on her lips and tongue.
	After that, Kristie seemed to be a sexual dynamo.  She told her folks
she was going to rent out my spare bedroom, which they agreed to readily.
They figured that she would stay out of trouble and I'd be around to keep
an eye on her.  She had her bedroom, alright, but she slept in my bed,
either with my cock soaking inside her cunt or nestled inside her mouth
like a pacifier.  Yes, her folks were partly right.  She wasn't running
around and getting in trouble, but if they had known what we were doing .
. . !  Whew!
	The move also put her much closer to the boutique where she worked.
She was always telling me the sexy stories her customers would tell her.
Kristie knew who was cheating, who was fucking who, and those tales gave
rise to many erotic stories.  They also gave rise to my prick, which
Kristie was only too glad to fuck or suck.
	She knew I especially loved to hear about women who had sex with other
women, and she had several lesbian customers who gladly told her stories,
hoping to convince my cute cousin to try the lesbian way of love, or at
least to be able to get in Kristie's panties and dip their tongues into
her sweet snatch.
	"Would you like me to get it on with another woman while you watch?"
she asked me one evening.  The thought made my prick jump in her hand.
	"It would be interesting to watch as long as you didn't swear off
regular sex," I answered.
	"And give up this?  Never!"  She quickly popped my cock into her mouth
and hungrily sucked me off.  She didn't mention the subject again, which
was fine with me.  I mean, I was sure satisfied with the way things had
developed with my nubile nympho cousin and I had absolutely no
complaints.
	I came home from the post office one afternoon after mailing some
manuscripts and finally receiving a nice paycheck from a publishing
company, I figured it would give me the chance to treat Kristie to an
expensive dinner and I was glad when I saw her car parked in front of the
house because that meant she didn't have to work until closing.	She
called to me from my . . . our bedroom.  I opened the door to see Kristie
naked and smiling at me on the bed.  Beneath her was a female whose
blonde-fringed cunt gaped and it looked like Kristie had been feasting on
the furrow, judging from the wetness that surrounded the cunt and
Kristie's mouth.
	"Happy birthday, Dave!" she yelled.  "I know it's a week way but Annie
here is leaving town in a few day s so now is the only chance.  Annie,
say 'Hi' to Dave."
	The blonde managed to work her head from between Kristie's legs.  "Hi,
Dave," she said and licked her wet lips.  "Kristie has one of the best
tasting pussies I've ever eaten."  Annie looked about 24 or 25 but
Kristie told me later she was 30.  She asked me if I'd strip so she could
see the big dick Kristie talked about.
	"I prefer women but I enjoy having some man meat on occasion  As long
as it's big and worth attention."  I quickly dropped my pants and shorts
and Annie's eyes bugged when she saw my prick.
	"Holy shit, Kristie!  I'm sorry that I ever doubted you!  God, what a
whopper!  He's even bigger than my dildo at home!  I must say, I like
your taste in boyfriends!"  From the wink Kristie gave me I knew she
hadn't told Annie I was her cousin.
	"I may have great taste," Kristie said from between Annie's tanned and
well-toned thighs, "but that cock tastes great!  And it's more filling!"
	"Let me watch you two awhile before I get involved," I said.  "You
seem to enjoy eating hair pie, Kristie," I said as I sat on the bed and
stroked my poker.  Kristie looked up at me, her lips and chin glistening
with Anna's sauce and her tongue gathered the wetness from her lips.
	"I like it fine, Dave, but given a choice between a pussy and your
prick, there's absolutely no contest."  She pursed her lips for a kiss
and I complied, tasting Anna's cream.
	"Why not slip me that thing from behind?" she said with a twinkle in
her eye.  "Annie can lick us both while you fuck me."  I got up and ran
my hand down Kristie's smooth back, feeling a thin sheen of perspiration.
She was groaning into the wet snatch of her blonde friend and I could
feel the vibrations running through her body as well as her muscles
straining as she humped Annie's face.  I squeezed her round buns and then
reached under her to grip one of her small tits.  Then I grabbed hold of
one of Annie's full boobs.
	"Hmm, c'mon, stud, fuck this sweet cunt," Annie said, grabbing my dong
and pulling me into position behind Kristie.  Kristie and I had fucked
doggie style before and she enjoyed it.  Kristie felt my knob nudge her
opening and she wiggled her butt.
	"Oh, gimme, gimme, gimme!" she whimpered  over her shoulder.  I held
onto her hips and eased forward, parting her saliva-slicked folds and
entering her oiled tunnel of love.
		"Oo-o-o-h!" Annie squealed.  "I love to see that big dick split
your little cunt, Kristie!"
	"If it . . . umph . . . looks half as good as it feels, it's gotta be
great," Kristie replied.  I could feel Annie's hot breath on my flesh and
on my curly hairs and then I became aware of the wet softness of her
tongue as she lapped at my cock and,I guessed, Kristie's electrified
clit.
	I soon felt myself hitting bottom inside my cousin's nice nookie and
then her friend started licking and sucking my swollen nuts.  Then it was
my turn to moan and I leaned forward so that Kristie was the middle of a
sex sandwich.  Annie took the opportunity to trail her tongue to the
sensitive pucker of my asshole and she gave me a great rim job.  I
circled my tongue inside Kristie's ear and she gasped, an orgasm causing
her cunt to contract and her juices to flow from around the base of my
cock and eventually onto Annie's thirsty tongue.
	"I love you," she whimpered.  I kissed her tenderly on the cheek.
	"And I love you," I said.
	"Cum inside me.  Now.  Please!"
	I closed my eyes and focused my concentration on the feelings in my
groin.  In less than a minute I breathed, "I'm cumming for you, Kristie!"
and my seed boiled from my balls into her depths.  At the same time,
Annie stuck a finger up my ass and the sensation made me shoot even more
of a load than I usually do.  I slowly pulled my cock out while Annie
sucked it clean and then she went to work licking Kristie's gism-filled
cunt.
	The three of us showered cozily together and I was able to get a good
look at Annie.  She was at least 5'8" and a trim- full-busted blonde.
She was a model and was leaving town in a few days to make her fortune in
Atlanta.
	"I wish I'd met you a long time ago, Dave" she sighed as she soaped my
half-hard cock.  "This dick and Kristie's sweet snatch are enough to make
a girl settle down.
	"I know what," she said suddenly as an idea came to her.  "What would
you say . . . what would both of you say . . . if I asked you to fuck me
in the ass with this?"
	Kristie's eyes about popped out of her head and her mouth dropped open
when she heard the suggestion her friend made.
	"No!" she said in disbelief.  "You mean you could take that big thing
up . . . there?"
	"Well, I've been fucked in the ass by some who were almost as big,"
Annie responded, leisurely rubbing my growing meat.  "I'll bet this would
be absolutely fantastic inside my ass."
	My hard-on certainly communicated what I thought of the idea.  But I
had reservations, too, but Annie was smart and well-prepared.
	"I brought some condoms with me.  Kristie told me that you couldn't
use regular rubber.  Most guys with big dicks can't.  But theses are
called MAXX and  are especially made for guys with thick, long dicks.
Ooh, yeah.  Like this beauty."
	"God, I'd love to see that," Kristie said.  "Dave's huge cock screwing
that hole between your buns."
	"Well, Sweetmeat, if you'd listened to me months ago, you could have
been fucking my ass with a dildo by now," the blonde said.  "But if you
fuck my ass with this, Dave, it will sure give me something to remember
you by."
	Back in the bedroom, Annie unrolled the rubber over my shaft and I was
particularly pleased that the brand of condom was larger at the base ring
and was not as painfully tight as regular condoms are to me.  Kristie was
fascinated by the feel of my latex-covered cock and insisted she be
allowed to lube it with the K-Y as well as help guide it into Annie's
chute.
	Annie lay on her back instead of getting on her hands and knees,
saying she wanted to see my face as well as watch the action.  Kristie
first looked at Annie's puckered pore and declared that such a tiny
opening couldn't possibly accommodate such a sizeable prick.  She kissed
the pink bud then started lubing it with the K-Y, sticking two fingers
inside as far as she could.  Then she slapped a generous amount on my
condom-covered cock, relishing every moment as she lubed me.  Kristie
guided it to the waiting backdoor and breathily told me to do it.
	I'd never fucked an asshole before, so I was excited as hell.  Annie's
ass virtually sucked me inside like a Hoover and pulled me deep.  Yeah,
it was tight, but even though she moaned and groaned, she kept urging me
on.  She wanted a big dick so I gave it to her.
	Kristie was just fucking amazed as she watched me screw her friend's
asshole.  She sucked and chewed Annie's nipple while her hand reached
around to squeeze and caress my balls, never once taking her eyes off of
my cock.  She would whisper, "Fuck her ass!  Do it!" and that spurred me
on and I really gave the blonde's ass a good plowing before I felt my cum
rise.  By then, Kristie's finger was playing around my sensitive
sphincter and I couldn't hold back the torrent of cunt juice that filled
the end of the rubber.
	Kristie squeezed my balls, milking my sperm up and out until my cock
began to shrink.  I held onto the condom when I pulled out of the
stretched orifice, and I smiled as Kristie looked inside Annie's gaping
hole before it closed.  She even stuck four fingers inside as the
sphincter clenched shut.  Annie removed the rubber and emptied my spunk
over her chest and tits.  Kristie lapped up the man-milk and passed it to
her friend with erotic kisses.  When I saw Kristie's firm butt sticking
out so invitingly, I couldn't resist kissing each cheek and letting my
tongue explore the tender pink pucker between the smooth globes and dip
into the soupy morass of her cunt.
	Before Annie left for Atlanta, she asked me three more times to plow
her ass, which I did to Kristie's delight, and mine, of course.  She left
saying it would probably be awhile before she got plugged by another big
cock and we told her when she wanted more, she could visit anytime.
	Oh, no, Kristie hasn't said she wanted me to try to fuck her in the
ass.  She knows she's too small and still prefers to either take me in
her mouth or in her cunt.  Two out of three ain't bad.




























	"My Cousin And I Fuck In England"
	For my cousin's 21st birthday, I had a big surprise.  I had finally
received an advance from a publisher on a book which required some
research work in England.  I wanted to take Kristie, but I knew I'd have
to ask her father first.
	Even though my uncle had never said anything to me, I figured he had a
strong suspicion that his daughter and I were fucking.  He'd made several
comments about how he and his wife were glad she wasn't running around
with a bad crowd or hadn't been knocked up by some uneducated druggie.  I
truly believe my uncle approved of my relationship with Kristie.  And
when I asked if I could take her to England, he was all for it.  In fact,
he asked me if he could help pay for the trip, but I said it was all
arranged.
	Of course, when I told Kristie, she was ecstatic.  We were having
lunch in a local burger joint and I could just feel the envious stares as
the nubile beauty hugged me.  Here I am, a 35-year-old balding writer and
I've got this young beauty all but dry humping me in public.  And of
course, she was very demonstrative of her gratitude when we left.  She
insisted on giving me a thank-you blowjob right there in the parking lot
until I delivered my own special sauce.
	Kristie was still appreciatively horny when we flew to London.  Our
flight left New York at midnight and Kristie asked for a blanket and
curled up quietly in the seat.  Under cover, though, she gave me a slow,
loving blow-job while I fingered her hot little twat.
	Kristie took to London quickly.  At the hotel, she went downstairs and
came back twenty minutes later with a brunette fox.  The girl was in her
20s, very British, very bi-sexual, and she'd naturally been drawn by
Kristie's young look and beauty.  Leslie was her name and she said she
loved to make it with Americans.
	"Then show me British hospitality,"  Kristie said, whipping off her
skirt and panties.  Leslie licked her lips at the sight of Kristie's
American fur pie and she moved toward my cousin.  Kristie settled onto
the bed as Leslie settled comfortably between her legs.  Kristie grabbed
Leslie's head and held her in place, though I doubt Leslie was going to
abandon her dining experience anytime soon.  I hurriedly stripped and
walked behind Leslie.  I lifted her dress and ran my hand over her ass.
It was covered with a pale yellow pair of panties which I slid off with
no problem. =20
	I grabbed a condom and put it on and my cock homed in on the entrance
to her cunt and slid in easily.  She groaned into Kristie's quim and
wiggled her ass.
	"Cor, but I love a big one,"  she said as I began fucking her tight
British box.  Kristie squirmed under Leslie's tongue lashing and let out
squeals of delight.  She looked at me lovingly and I blew her a kiss as
my cock hammered the London lass's puffy lips.  Hot pussy oil dribbled
down my dick onto my balls and ran down my thigh as slowly as maple
syrup.
	"Fuck me, Yank!"  Leslie urged, her voice muffled in Kristie's folds.
I was screwing her hard and fast and could feel the pressure building as
I prepared to seal this international coupling with a hot load of cum.
	Kristie saw how close I was and asked me to wait for her.  She pulled
Leslie's face even more snugly into her furrow and bucked her hips hard
against the girl's face.  I could see Kristie's firm thighs quivering as
her orgasm approached and her tits flushed red, almost as red as her
stiff nipples.  She gasped and wailed as her climax consumed her and
triggered my own release.  My spunk raced up the length of my stalk and
exploded into the reservoir at the tip.
	Kristie insisted I pour my cum from the rubber onto Leslie's big
British boobs so she could lap it up.  I tongued my cousin's wet honeypot
and even rimmed her sweet little asshole before we all stopped.  I asked
Leslie if she could recommend any interesting sex clubs for a couple of
carnal Colonists.
	"Well, that all depends, ducks,"  she said.   "How kinky do you want
to get?"
	"Nothing illegal or painful,"  I replied.
	"How long have you two been married?"  Leslie asked.  Kristie and I
both laughed.
	"Leslie, David's my cousin,"  Kristie explained.  "This trip is my
21st birthday present, not a honeymoon."  Leslie thought the arrangement
was great and told us about how her first fuck had been with her handsome
uncle.
	"He's a politician, and I guess you know how much British politicians
like to have it with whoever they can get."  She told us about several
interesting scenes, and suggested that we might enjoy visiting a "little
place"  she knew in the Soho district.  I agreed to pay a visitor's fee
to go to the club and perhaps participate.  She made a phone call and
within the hour we were riding the tube to the Oxford Street station.
	As we walked along Threadneedle Street, I couldn't help comparing the
attitudinal differences about sex between London and the United States.
Shops selling adult merchandise like books and toys and clothing had
attractive window displays and did not have the dirty, sleazy appearance
as is often the case in the states.  Even movie posters displayed in
front of theaters unabashedly show the female breasts, just as the
newspapers do.  The British people, and even the European people, I
understand, are far less afraid of human sexuality than Americans tend to
be.
	Leslie led us to a brick building and down a long flight of narrow
stairs to a sub-basement level which was cheerfully decorated and
well-lighted.  We encountered several attractive people in various states
of undress.  I paid the agreed fee and we were ushered into a room where
we were given lockers.
	After voicing my particular concern about disease, Leslie led us to a
large room where maybe twelve or so people were actively engaged in oral
sex.
	"Until someone is a member for awhile, they either use condoms or come
in here,"  Leslie said.  Kristie's fingers instinctively wrapped around
my hardened cock as we took in the amazing spectacle before us.  Men and
women were sucking each other, to put it simply, both in couples and in
groups.  One man and two women formed a tight circle as one of the women
devoured his cock while he burrowed hungrily between the thighs of the
second woman, who was, I might add, older than the man by at least 20
years and quite hefty as well.  She, in turn, was feasting at the shave
trough of the first woman.
	Next to us was a big-breasted girl and a man who was old enough to be
her father.  Leslie told us that he was, in fact, her uncle.  She was
celebrating her birthday and as a gift her uncle was bringing her into
the club.  He was licking her slit as she writhed in pleasure.  As we
watched, another couple, the man's son and wife, joined for some
incestuous delights.  The girl sucked in her cousin's stiff poker with
enthusiasm while her aunt chewed on her sizeable melons.
	"David, look!"  Kristie whispered in awe as she pointed to another
pile of flesh.  A man who'd been jacking off his immense cock in front of
two women was spraying gallons of thick white cream all over their
wide-eyed faces and onto their flickering tongues.  The stuff looked like
glue as it clung to their cheeks in glistening globs.  One woman, a sexy
blonde, caught a thick wad smack across the nose and droplets of the
stuff oozed slowly down the sides of her nose and her nostrils.
	Suddenly, Kristie joined them and began thirstily lapping the syrupy
semen from the women's faces.  The man even offered her his dribbling
spout and Kristie opened her mouth to try to engulf the immense cockhead.
Just watching Kristie try to gulp that big cock was quite a sight.
	I felt lips on my cock and looked down to see a beautiful black woman
nibbling on my prick.  Her skin was ebony in color, the blackest I'd ever
seen.
	"You're American, aren't you?"  she asked, her British accent clipped
and very refined.  She was the daughter of an African diplomat and had
been raised and educated in England.
	"I love having sex with Americans,"  she said as she lazily licked my
balls and lightly traced my prick with her long, gold-tipped fingernails.
"Americans are so .  .  .  forceful.  Fuck my face with that big cock!"
In an instant, her soft, full lips were surrounding my cock and her
fingernails dug into my ass cheeks as she pulled me deep.  I held her
head and began fucking that hungry mouth of hers, hard and fast and
rough.
	I saw Kristie as she ate a woman's hairy snatch while a man and a
woman tongued her own cunt and asshole.  Even from where I was, I could
see that my cousin's body was vibrating with pleasure and I fucked the
African's sucking mouth.  Wet, sloshy sounds came from her mouth and
whimpering groans growled from deep in her throat as I plunged my
pistoning prick in and out.  My balls slapped steadily against her chin
until, with a shout, my cum exploded from my cock, pouring down her
throat like syrup.  She gulped and swallowed, never gagging and not
missing a drop.
	Kristie was having a grand time sucking cocks, licking cunts,
devouring assholes and gobbling tits.  I just watched her as she enjoyed
herself and explored.  There were plenty of other attractive women to
watch and I certainly watched plenty.
	This club wasn't the only one we visited while in England.  We
attended a live discipline show where men and women acted out scenarios
which ultimately ended with someone baring a spankable ass which soon
became red when the spanking was administered.  But probably the most
intriguing encounter was with a gentleman I'll just call The Earl.
	The Earl lives in one of the many mansions which dot the English
countryside.  He was aware of our desire for safe sex and had already
outlined what he wanted.  His particular turn-on was watching incestuous
sex of any and all sorts.  Europe has always been a stronghold of incest,
particularly among the wealthy and the nobility to "keep the royal
bloodlines pure and untainted."
	Kristie wore a long, blue dress to the estate and looked sexy as hell.
The partying was already in full swing when we arrived in a rental car.
The Earl met us at the door and led us into the grand hall which was
lavishly decorated with erotic nude paintings and sculptures.  Everyone
in the room was dressed, but hands were easily caressing breasts and
cupping crotches.
	The Earl introduced us to a couple I'll call Catherine and George.
Catherine appeared to be in her late forties and George was around 30.
Catherine was George's mother, but they behaved like the lovers they were
as George had his arm around his mother's shoulder and was firmly holding
a large breast.  Catherine seemed quite nonplussed by this, even in front
of strangers.
	"How long has he been slipping his manhood into your grotto?"
Catherine asked Kristie.  "Georgie and I have been at it for .  .  .  how
long has it been, dear."
	"Now, Mother, you're embarrassing Kristie,"  George said.
	"Nonsense,"  Catherine dismissed the comment.  "She has fuck-me eyes
and loves talking about it almost as much as she enjoys doing it, isn't
that right?"  Kristie was embarrassed, all right, but she smiled and
nodded.  Catherine reached out and stroked Kristie's bare arm and
commented wistfully about her smooth, youthful skin.
	"Perhaps before the evening is over, you'll allow me to taste you,"
Catherine said.  Then she reached down and wrapped her fingers around the
sizable bulge in her son's crotch.
	"Right now I must wrap my lips around this.  Come along, George,"  she
said, leading him away.  Kristie's eyes were wide with surprise at the
sensual displays we encountered at The Earl's manor.  Eventually, we
found ourselves in an orgy room where maybe 20 or so people were fucking
and sucking, reaming and rimming.  In no time, we had joined the
festivities, easily melting into the hot mass of writhing bodies.  I
tasted the cunts of nieces and aunts, grandmothers and granddaughters and
I had many mouths explore my family jewels and ass. =20
	Kristie seemed to enjoy so many dicks and pussies as well.  She was
reamed, rammed, sucked and had her stomach filled with pussy cream and
cum.  By the time we left, both of us were tired and sore but satisfied.
We slept into the next afternoon and spent the rest of the day and
evening snuggling in the bed.
	We also took a few days to go see the adult sights in Amsterdam,
Copenhagen and Hamburg, but that is another story.




























	"Kristie And I Do Europe"
	My cousin Kristie and I had a great time when we visited England.  I
guess we really made a big hit with The Earl.  He was the one who
insisted on escorting us to Europe's hottest sex capitals.
	Amsterdam was a sex fiend's delight.  Sex shops galore, legal
prostitution, everything imaginable, much of which is either illegal or
just not popular in America, was readily available there.  You can be
bound, gagged and fucked or pissed on or you can do the pissing.  Kristie
walked around wide-eyed and eager to see everything.
	The Earl knew of a place that catered to his special interests, of
course, and took us to a large house out in the countryside.  The
three-story house was probably someone's private home but it was
outfitted in most of the rooms for sex.  Each room had cushions,
mattresses, beds, bottles of body oils, towels and sex toys.  There was a
very large bathroom on each floor outfitted with toilet, bidet, two
showers and a big bathtub.  The tub in the ground level bathroom was a
large sunken affair made of marble.
	When we arrived, the door was opened by a strikingly beautiful young
blonde who looked to be 18 years old.  Oh, and she was naked except for a
white garter, stockings and high heels.  The bright red nipples on her
full breasts were quite stiff and the shimmer of wetness I saw told me
that they'd recently been sucked or licked.
	Her smile was warm and she greeted us in Flemish and led us into the
dressing room.  Actually, undressing room was more like it.  She chatted
as we undressed, telling Kristie and me about how much she loved American
television shows and how she was hoping to visit America one day soon.
She was very friendly and I wondered if she ever entered any beauty
pageants.  She and Kristie seemed to take to each other immediately.  Her
name was Marta and she and her family were our hosts.
	Marta eyed my semi-erect cock and complimented me.  She asked
permission to welcome us to her home, then dropped to her knees.  She
took my balls in both hands, hefting them in her cool palms. Pursing her
lips, Marta kissed the tip of my hard cock.  Her tongue darted out and
started teasing the sensitive spot on the underside right behind the
head.  Damn, she sure knew how to make a man feel welcomed.  She looked
up at me with those beautiful blue eyes of hers and smiled.
	Then she quit, going over to Kristie.  She kissed Kristie's small
tits, then they locked lips in a deep, passionate kiss.  Marta was
sliding two fingers into Kristie's snatch and when they finally broke the
kiss, Marta raised her fingers and sensuously licked Kristie's quim cream
from them.  I could see from the look in their eyes that they wanted more
time together but Marta, the conscientious hostess, kept her cool and led
us down the hall to the ball room.  I watched Marta's ass as she led the
way, my cock gripped in Kristie's hand, and I remember thinking how hot
and tight Marta's asshole would feel and how I hoped I'd get the
opportunity to do something with her.
	And quite a ball room it was.  About a dozen people were in the room
in various stages of fucking and sucking.  A silver-haired woman who
looked to be in her sixties was sucking a huge black cock while a woman
plunged her ass with a dildo.  Marta, her fingers tickling my asshole,
told me that the woman sucking the black dick was the mother of the woman
who was fucking her ass.  In fact, The Earl told me, the elderly lady was
Marta's grandmother and it was Marta's aunt who was drilling her own
mother's asshole.  Incest is a very acceptable sex practice throughout
Europe.
	Marta told us that her twin sister, Gerta, was in the playroom in the
basement.  Marta gave us a tour of the house, and in every room there was
heated action of every sort going on.  In one of the bathrooms a woman
sat on the toilet awaiting men who would pee and splash their amber onto
her pussy and chest.  The Earl obliged her, pissing a hard stream onto
her clit and splashing her tits.  I was too stiff to pee, though.  Marta,
Kristie and the woman offered to help by relieving me of my load, but I
politely declined.
	Marta's mother was upstairs in a bedroom participating in a
seven-person daisy chain.  She had a mouthful of cock when I saw her and
we stood watching while the group sucked away.  I guess it was too much
for Kristie who dragged Marta into a corner and they quickly started
eating each other out.  Naturally I watched until I just had to join in.
I put my hands on Kristie's ass and Marta guided my bloated cock into my
cousin's fuck hole.  Marta lapped away at my balls and she fingered my
asshole as Kristie worked on her blonde box.
	Considering all the stimulation I'd had since our arrival, I'm amazed
I lasted more than a minute fucking Kristie but I eventually dumped a
load into her tight, familiar pussy.  My cock slipped out into Marta's
hungry mouth and she eagerly licked and sucked me clean and dry.  Then I
watched as Marta went for the spunk I'd unloaded into Kristie.  Marta's
hands roamed all over Kristie, caressing and teasing and stimulating her
every sensitive spot.  He mouth seemed to devour Kristie, the lips of
Kristie's pussy surrounding and enveloping Marta's lips and tongue as
though trying to pull the girl inside.
	Kristie was thoroughly enjoying the action, and she reached out for my
hand.  As she kept reaching satisfying climax after climax, I realized
that my feeling for Kristie were much stronger than cousin-cousin
affection.  Despite the 17 year age difference, I realized I loved her
deeply.  That we enjoyed exploring our sexuality together just made that
bond stronger.
	I felt a hand caress my thigh and saw Marta's mother joining us.  Her
hand stroked my half-hard cock as she introduced herself and asked what
my relation to Kristie was.  Then she asked how long we'd been having sex
and I told her that we had started on Kristie's 18th birthday.  I told
her that Kristie had wanted to read the sex stories I wrote and
eventually we began to enjoy one another.  She asked if any of our
families knew and I told her that I strongly suspected that Kristie's
father knew.
	"Yes, the father will know," Gitte said.  "But he will approve.  He
may even be jealous.  Kristie is a lovely girl.  Marta likes her very
much, I can tell."  Gitte and I watched Marta still scooping my semen
with her  tongue and slurping it down along with Kristie's flow.
	"Marta is good, yes?" she asked Kristie.
	"Ooh, yes-s-s!" Kristie gasped as she rode another climax.
	"Yes, I taught her how.  Mine was her first pussy."  Gitte matter of
factly probed her daughter's cunt with three fingers, then she withdrew
them, glistening with cunt dew.  Gitte licked a finger then offered me
her other basted digits.  "Marta and Gerta taste wonderful, yes?"  I told
her that we hadn't met Gerta yet but if she tasted as good as her sister,
I hoped to meet her soon.
	"Do they get their good taste from their mother?" I asked.  She
offered to let me find out for myself.  As I lay on my back, Gitte
straddled my face and lowered her trimmed twat to my lips.  Her heady
juice was tart and good.  Her clit was almost as large as my finger and I
wrapped my lips around it as she sucked my cock into her moist mouth.  We
didn't rush but lazily enjoyed the feeling.  I sensed when Marta and
Kristie moved and Kristie joined me in dining at Gitte's portal while
Marta's tongue lapped at my balls and teased my sphincter.  I recall
thinking that sex education at home must indeed be an important aspect of
their lifestyle because Marta was surely an honor student!
	When she insinuated her tongue inside my asshole, I realized why
Kristie had enjoyed her so much.  Marta has an exceptionally long tongue
which writhed and squirmed deliciously up my ass.  No wonder Kristie had
enjoyed being eaten by her.  She and her mother soon had me on the verge
and when I came, Gitte swallowed, letting some of my cum drip down my
cock so Marta could enjoy it.  Then they kissed and pulled Kristie and me
into a four-way kiss of dancing tongues and the sharing of my cum.
	The four of us took a refreshing shower together, then, looking for
The Earl, we made our way to the playroom, in actuality a room equipped
with a great many restraint devices, straps and chains.  The Earl was on
his back, strapped to a leather-covered bench, while an  elderly woman
ground her sparsely-haired slit over his face.  I didn't understand what
she was saying to him, but Gitte explained that The Earl liked to have a
fantasy fulfilled of eating out his grandmother's pussy.  The woman was
not, of course, his real grandmother, but he enjoyed it nevertheless.
	"He will orgasm without being touched," Marta added.  "See?"  Sure
enough, The Earl's slender red cock trembled and then began spewing
streamers of cum into the air.  The elderly woman grabbed his spewing
cock and urged him, Gitte translated, to "cum lustily for Granny."  He
did just that, spurting an incredible amount of semen up and out of his
cock.
	Kristie touched my arm and indicated a couple across the room.  A
woman was bent over a table, her legs spread and her ankles bound.  A man
was behind her, plunging his cock in and out of her asshole.
	That's Gerta,' Kristie told me.  I saw her blonde hair and Gitte's
look of pride assured me that I was indeed watching Marta's twin being
soundly reamed by a sizeable cock.  I wondered if Marta was into
assfuking, too, then I figured that in such a liberated environment, the
sisters probably did everything imaginable as long as it felt good.
	We were invited to stay overnight with Gitte and Marta and Gerta.
Since we all slept in the same big bed (when we did sleep) we groped and
grabbed and sucked and fucked in many combinations.  Gitte's husband was
out of town on government business so I was the only male among the four
sexy women.  Fortunately for me, and for them, too, they were able and
eager to satisfy each other when I was unable.  I loved watching Kristie
being pleasured by the greedy, avid tongues of the twins as their mother
and I watched.  I gave Gitte a long, tender fuck before I drifted off to
sleep, only to be awakened to breakfast in bed:  four scrumptious slices
of sweet womanhood.
	By the time we left the next afternoon, Kristie had developed a real
bond with the girls.  Accompanied by The Earl we went to Hamburg.  He
took us in a roundabout way to a secretive, private club located in a
warehouse near the docks.  The club is a very private one with a select
membership who could bring discreet guests.  Naturally we felt honored
and when we saw the plush interior of the club and were offered drinks,
we quickly felt comfortable and at ease.
	The Earl spoke with someone and returned to tell us that we were in
luck.  He led us to a small, dimly-lit room where he was joined by a red
haired, busty woman who was naked.  We sat down and The Earl pressed a
button and the draperies parted.  The window looked into another, larger
room, brightly lit and with mirrored walls.  In the center of the room
was a bed and a single doorway provided the only entrance.
	The Earl explained that the "mirrors" were one-way glass panels and
that some half-dozen rooms surrounded the room with the bed.  As he spoke
the woman was taking his clothes off.  I wasn't yet sure of what we were
about to see, but I sensed an electric air of anticipation.  I put my arm
around Kristie and she pressed her body to mine.
	The Earl told us that we were going to witness a young man being
fucked by his mother for the first time.  Since his own first sexual
experience had been with his mother, this was a particular favorite scene
for him to watch.
	After a few minutes' wait the door opened and a brunette woman
entered.  She was about my age, 37 or so, maybe five-and-a-half feet
tall, attractive, though not strikingly so.  She looked as though she was
someone's mother, if you know what I mean.  She wore a loose-fitting,
floor-length white robe as she walked in.  She took the robe off and let
it drop to the floor, then she crawled onto the bed, her arms modestly
covering her heavy tits.  Kristie began stroking the inside of my thigh
as she, too, felt the growing tension.  I tweaked her stiff nipples
through her sweater as we watched the door.
	It opened and in walked a strapping young man about six feet tall who
bore an obvious resemblance to the woman on the bed.  He, too, wore a
robe, which he shrugged off by the bed.  His cock was average in size and
uncircumcised was already stiff and jerking with excitement as his mother
looked at it.  The Earl adjusted the controls of a speaker so we could
hear them.  I don't speak German but I imagined I could understand the
gist of their conversation.
	"My son, I have wanted you for some time," she seemed to be saying as
her hand stroked his hip.  Kristie's fingers were gripping the hard-on in
my pants and I put my hand under her sweater to feel her wonderful
cupcake tits.  The young man closed his eyes as his mother began fondling
his sex, stroking his cock with one hand and playing with his balls.
	The mother lovingly kissed her son's knob and then opened her mouth
and let her son's cock slide between her full lips and over her tongue.
The Earl groaned and I looked over to see the red-head sucking his cock.
My hand had made its way from Kristie's tits downward under her
waistband.  She was busy unzipping me to release my swollen cock.
	The mother let her son's erection slip from her sucking mouth.  Her
expression told me that she wanted to taste her son's liquid love
offering, but she also wanted to feel him in her cunt and to fuck his
mother.  But first, he bent down a planted a kiss on his mother's pussy,
showing love and respect for the same orifice he had exited some years
before.  We could see his tongue lapping her flow and we could hear her
moan and whimper with pleasure.
	here is something special about relatives having sex together, whether
it be cousins, like Kristie and I, a mother and son, sisters like Marta
and Gerta or whatever.  Two consenting people having sex is wonderful,
but when two people who are related are physically intimate, it really is
beautiful to watch.  I understood why The Earl enjoyed watching.  Without
a word, Kristie slipped her clothes off and I did the same.  Facing the
window,my petite cousin, her feet on my chair, straddled my lap and
lowered her pussy onto my straining nine inches.  She was hot, slick and
tight as she impaled herself.
	By the time all of my shaft was inside her, the young man had his
prick inside his mother and was fucking her fast.  I knew he would cum
quickly but I also knew that he was young enough to be able to go for
several bouts in rapid succession
	After only a minute or so he yelled, "Mein gott!" and drove his prick
deep into his mother.  I had been tickling Kristie's clit and she
shuddered and her cunt muscles spasmed around my cock.  I heard The Earl
grunt and saw the woman's cheeks puff out as he filled her mouth with
cum.  The son eventually resumed fucking his mother's cum-filled hole and
Kristie rose and fell on my cock as I held onto her hips.  I flooded her
pussy at about the same time the young man came for the third time.  His
cock slipped out of her saturated snatch and she sucked him then gave him
a loving blowjob as only a mother could give.
	Kristie and I watched The Earl fuck the red-head's Teutonic twat and
then we left the club.  We returned that night to watch some other
interesting shows but the following day we boarded our home-bound flight,
tired, satisfied, and more in love with each other than before.  We even
discussed our next move once we got back to the states.  We didn't expect
anything like what happened when we got back, though.




























	The Twins In America
	by Dave Nichols
	Kristie's father met us at the airport.  My uncle, I had felt, knew
that I was fucking his daughter.  But he didn't seem worried or
concerned.  Not even when we told him that we had decided to live
together.  Actually, he seemed relieved.  He also handed Kristie a
telegram.  Marta and Gerta, the lovely twins from Copenhagen, planned to
visit the United States and wanted to know if they could visit with us.
	Within a week Kristie had moved in with me.  Fortunately I had plenty
of room, and since we share a bed, she didn't need to worry with bringing
one along.  Her mother was a bit less accepting of our situation than her
father had been, but she got over it.  Kristie and I soon established a
great domesticity.  She attended school and worked part time.  Our home
life was great and our sex life was even better.
	We had been living together for a month when the twins arrived from
Copenhagen.  When we met them at the airport we couldn't tell them apart.
Marta has a small mole on her right breast, though, so when we got home
we were soon able to tell them apart.  The first thing we did was form a
daisy chain with me lapping at Marta's pussy while she sucked Kristie,
who in turn went after Gerta's cream.  And Gerta, of course, had her
mouth busy on my cock and balls, getting me ready for the assfucking she
wanted from me.
	Marta rolled the condom onto my hard-on while Kristie fingered and
relaxed Gerta's puckered asshole.  She even tongued it, getting it primed
for probing.  Kristie got her head under us so she could lick Gerta's
cunt and my balls as I fucked the blonde Dane.  Marta squeezed her
sister's tits and kissed me, the taste of Kristie's quim still fresh and
sweet on her lips.
	As happened when I had fucked Kristie's friend, Annie, in the ass, I
didn't last long.  An asshole is so much tighter than a pussy, even more
so when the cock is big.  Gerta had told us she loved being bumfucked by
a big one and I was only to glad to oblige.  With Kristie's saliva in her
ass and a gob of saliva Marta dripped onto my sheathed cock, I was able
to slide into Gerta's rear chute without much strain.
	The blonde loved being shafted in the ass; she had told us so when we
met her and her twin in Copenhagen.  She preferred it to fucking because
she didn't have to worry about getting pregnant or having her period.
And while she was getting her ass fucked, her pussy was available to be
eaten, as Kristie was doing.  Gerta writhed and met my thrusts and she
grunted and mumbled about how good it felt.
		I felt the familiar twitch inside as my prostate reacted to the
stimulation.  My cum started its swift, final journey as Kristie squeezed
my balls.  "Shoot, Dave!" I heard her say.  Marta stuck her wet tongue in
my ear and Gerta's ass clenched around my cock like a vise.  My cum
started filling the end of the condom and Marta fingered my asshole,
probing inside to coax even more of my seed out.
	When I pulled out of Gerta's stretched anal pore, Kristie grabbed the
condom while Marta bent down to kiss and tongue her sister's gaping
orifice.  When I saw Marta's long, pink tongue slither into her twin's
rear tunnel, my cock gave a jerk and drooled a final few drops into the
bloated condom.  Kristie deftly removed the sheath, gave my reddened cock
a kiss, then emptied the milky contents onto Gerta's butt cheeks.
	With my warm spunk dripping onto Gerta's ass, Kristie and Marta began
lapping the sauce from Gerta's still-quivering buns until it was gone.
Then Gerta turned around and the four of us exchanged long, deep kisses
before I just had to lie down to rest.  I watched the three inexhaustible
beauties pleasure one another for the next hour.  The twins had brought
along a couple of strap-on dildos which they used on Kristie and each
other.  At one point, Gerta had Kristie don the fake cock and, after she
impaled her cunt on her sister's prong, she directed Kristie to fuck her
ass.  It was the first time I had ever witnessed a double penetration as
the two sizeable latex cocks skewered Gerta's two orifices.
	Kristie sure seemed to enjoy her dominant position behind Gerta, and
she kept looking at me and smiling as she thrust powerfully into Gerta's
ass.  That's when the thought occurred to me:  what would it be like to
have my cousin fuck my ass?  The more I thought about it, the more the
idea turned me on.  I kept mulling it over while we showed and I waited
until we were eating dinner before I mentioned it.
	Kristie got tremendously excited at the suggestion.  The  twins were
amazed that I was an anal virgin.  Among their vast circle of friends in
Copenhagen and throughout Europe, men regularly took cocks in the ass,
both fake and real ones.  It had nothing to do with homosexuality or
bisexuality.  Just sexuality.  If it felt good and made you cum and
didn't hurt anyone, what was the harm?  That's when we got into a serious
discussion about American attitudes about sex.
	By the time we got to the bedroom, I was stiff with anticipation of
what was to come.  Rather than get on my hands and knees, I laid on my
back so I could watch everything.  Kristie again strapped on a dildo, a
thinner version of the cock she had used earlier on Gerta, and it was now
standing erotically from between her legs.  While I held my legs behind
the knees, Marta began licking my sphincter and pushing her tongue deep
inside.  Gerta lubricated Kristie's cock with some K-Y jelly and then
Marta stuck several jelly-covered fingers up my ass.
	Gerta lodged the head of the cock at the round entrance to my bowels.
I looked deeply into Kristie's eyes and saw the excitement and love
inside her.  Marta held my steely cock as Kristie slowly pushed the knob
past my relaxed sphincter and began the probing journey into my
never-fucked passage.  My cousin   my own flesh and blood   looked
deeply, lovingly, into my eyes and her smile spoke volumes.  She was
fucking me, just as I had fucked her for the past three years.
	The twins were on either side of me, watching closely as Kristie's
cock disappeared into my ass and then reappeared.  They took turns
licking the leaking head of my cock and sucking my balls and nibbling
Kristie's small but stiff nipples.
	"Fuck him!" Marta whispered throatily, though Kristie needed no
encouragement.  "He welcomes you in his ass.  His prick is stiff and
leaks so much tasty juice."  On cue, Gerta lapped up some pre-cum and
offered her extended tongue to Kristie, who licked my stuff right off and
then sucked Gerta's tongue into her mouth.
	That dildo was massaging my prostate like mad and I knew, just as when
I fucked someone else in the ass and couldn't hold off long, I was going
to cum soon.  Marta and Gerta knew it by the way my cock got darker and
swelled even more.
	"Oh, yes-s-s," Gerta hissed.  Kristie drove her dick into me hard and
deep as my entire body jerked powerfully and uncontrollably.  My cum
seemed to burn as it erupted from my cockhead like lava from a volcano
and spurted high in the air, splatting onto Kristie's right boob.  Gerta
immediately began licking Kristie's small icing-covered tit while her
sister attached her sucking mouth to my spitting knob and drank down the
semen Kristie's ass fuck had pounded out of me.
	Naturally my ass was sore but dear Kristie administered soothing
kisses and cooling wet caresses from her tongue after she withdrew the
dong.  The twins kissed each other and me, swapping oysters of my cum.  I
was exhausted and quickly fell asleep, the three young women kissing and
caressing my body.
	I awoke after about eight hours of much-needed sleep.  The girls
brought me breakfast in bed and wouldn't let me lift a finger.  Well,
they fed me breakfast but I did finger the trio of juicy pussies, two
blonde and one chestnut tufted cunts.  For dessert, I was treated to a
triple blowjob.  WOW!  The two more days the girls visited were
mind-boggling when it came to sexual thrills.  Their knowledge of sexual
thrills seemed enormous and by the time they left I was drained, tired
and wiped out.
	It was good to be with Kristie, alone and with no sexual tension
between us for a few days.  We talked, we laughed, we communicated, we
solidified our feelings for each other.  We both felt the tenderness and
love we had for one another.  And after a few days, we felt the desire to
express our feelings.  It was when we were in bed, listening to Classical
music, when Kristie began undulating her butt against my oiled cock,
which began to straighten out and thicken, much to Kristie's delight.
	"Dave," my cousin said, slightly parting her legs so my cock could
slide between her thighs.  "How would you like to fuck my asshole?"  She
had told me long ago that she wanted my cock to be the only one she'd
fuck, now she wanted me in her backside.
	"Kristie, I don't want to hurt you," I said, hugging her tightly.
	"Gerta and Marta told me how to do it.  They even left me some butt
plugs so I could stretch my hole for you."  She turned, her freckled nose
inches from mine, those brown eyes full of love.  "Besides, I want it.  I
love you, Dave.  So what if it hurts a little.  Annie loved your cock in
her ass.  So did Gerta and Marta.  It feels good to me to have my asshole
fingered or even to put the butt plugs in there.  I want you now."
	We made something of a romantic production of my taking Kristie's anal
cherry.  Candles and soft light, romantic music, a little wine, some
well-placed pillows and plenty of lubrication, we were prepared.  With
her lovely pert butt thrust out and up and with her legs drawn up, her
pink pucker was really inviting.  Before I lubed it, I just had to kiss
it and stick my tongue into the hot, musky interior.  Kristie had her
hands on the sides of my head and played with my ears while I rimmed and
reamed her.  She whimpered and moaned, sighed and squealed as I tongued
her passage until she told me she was ready.  I put plenty of the cool
gel inside her asshole and then applied a generous amount to my cock.
Kristie then firmly grabbed my cock and guided the mushroom knob to her
awaiting sphincter.  Her cheeks were flushed with excitement, her eyes
wide with anticipation and her nipples were like rockets.
	I pressed forward ever so slightly and Kristie inhaled sharply, but
still smiled.  I waited for the round muscle to relax and let my cock
inside.  I could feel the sphincter's tension slowly ease and my thick
crown slowly moved into her portal.  She sucked in her lower lip but I
didn't see any sign of pain or discomfort on her face.  I knew that my
cock was stretching her wider than she'd ever been stretched, butt plugs
or not.  I looked down and watched as the rim of my knob slid inside her
sphincter and the muscle clamped down on the top of the shaft.
	Kristie felt it and gleefully laughed.  "Your cock feels wonderful in
my ass, Dave," she said softly.  "I just knew it would."
	"I hope it feels as good to you as I felt when you fucked me the other
day."
	"Probably better," she said.  "Your cock is real.  Hmm, give me more."
There was still quite a way to go before all 9 inches would be inside; I
just hoped like hell I could delay cumming long enough to get all of it
inside.  Kristie held my shoulders as I pressed forward and again felt my
cock slowly make its way into her tunnel, widening the walls as the head
led the way.  My cousin's pixie face twitched and her body trembled every
fraction of an inch my cock advanced.  A constant moan of delight came
from her throat and her hands slid behind my neck as she slowly pulled me
inside.
	Deeper my prick slid and the tightness was incredible.  The only thing
that prevented me from giving in to the pleasure was that this was a
special experience that both of us were to enjoy.  I could feel Kristie's
inner muscles spasm around my cock both resisting my invasion and
welcoming it.
	I felt the hairs on my balls when they made contact with Kristie's ass
and I looked to see barely an inch or so of my cock yet to go.  "Almost
there, Kristie," I said through clenched teeth.  The freckles stood out
on her nose; her nostrils were flared and beads of sweat were forming on
her forehead.  That she was going through such discomfort as a means to
pleasure both herself and me only increased my desire to be gentle and to
give her all the satisfaction and joy that I could.
	I licked the sweat from her forehead and covered her face with kisses
as I felt my pubic bone meet hers.  My entire nine inches of thick,
steel-hard cock were buried entirely, almost impossibly, inside my petite
cousin's backside.  Kristie was laughing with delight, her bowels stuffed
with cock, cock that was ready to explode.
	I eased backward, my cock sliding smoothly as it withdrew.  Kristie
hugged me tightly and I again filled her.  The sweet scent of her pussy
filled the room as her juice flowed from her cunt and ran down to help
lubricate my cock and cling to my pubic curls.
	"Fuck me, Dave," Kristie said as she rode the crest of a climactic
wave.  "Ooh, love me!  Deep!  Hard!  Cum in my ass!  Oh, God, love me!"
	"I do love you, Kristie," I answered as my hips drove my cock smoothly
in and out of her ass.  I knew I was only seconds away from shooting and
I wanted us to cum together.  Kristie whimpered and started gasping as my
cock swelled inside her, setting off her own body-wracking orgasm.  Her
spasming ass muscles clenched around my cock and milked my juice up and
out to soothe the burning heat in her rectum.
	Kristie hugged me tightly as she gasped and writhed beneath me.  I
made guttural grunts as my prick spit gobs of semen into her squirming
ass and my mouth found hers and we kissed, gasping and breathing into one
another.  Kristie's ass was filled with cock and cum and she wanted both
inside her for as long as possible.
	We were sweaty and exhausted when we both finished cumming.  When I
saw the tears in Kristie's eyes, tears of happiness and love, not pain,
my own eyes got misty.  Her ass eventually gave up its hold on my drained
piece and cum poured from her raw rear when my reddened cock slipped out.
We slept entwined in one another's arms.




























	Virgin Territory
	Kristie and I recently participated in an event that I just have to
write about.  A few months ago I received a letter from a family in
Tennessee who had been following my stories and how I had developed this
relationship with my cousin Kristie.  It turned out that this family was
very much into incestuous relationships and wanted to correspond with
someone who understood the sort of family loving they enjoyed.
	When they invited us to attend one of their family gatherings, Kristie
and I got in the car and drove.  We went through the Great Smoky
Mountains and about a half hour from Gatlinburg was where we met the
"Jones" family.  The Jones farm is composed of 200 acres of pasture,
fields, forested mountainside and a few clear mountain stream.  The main
house is a huge Victorian-style structure with two huge old oak trees in
the front yard.  Jake Jones had explained that the annual party we were
attending was a combination family reunion and a rite of passage.  This
year, three family members, two girls and one boy, had turned eighteen
and would be welcomed into the sexual fun the family enjoyed.
	Kristie was excited and antsy for most of the trip.  Her nipples poked
her t-shirt and she rubbed her horny crotch through her shorts.  I was
half-hard and had to refuse Kristie's offer of a blowjob at one of the
scenic overlooks because I didn't want to risk blowing my load and
missing anything that weekend.  I mean, I love Kristie but I can always
get a blowjob from her; this was a once-a-year event and I wanted to save
all my energy.
	It's a good thing I waited.
	The driveway to the main house was about a mile long and when we
arrived there were a dozen vehicles with license tags from all over the
country.  Jake came out of the house to greet us.  Jake is 46, tall,
rugged and with a shock of prematurely-gray hair.  He was dressed
casually and he was accompanied by two attractive women he introduced as
his daughters, Jeanne and Martha.  Both were in their early to
mid-twenties and both wore loose dresses ("Easier to get out of," Martha
told us later.)
	Jake was friendly and made us feel welcomed and relaxed.  Jeanne
whispered in his ear.  Jake smiled.  "Jeanne likes bald heads, Dave.  She
want to hold your head between her thighs!"  Jeanne grinned at me.  I
felt a bit embarrassed by the boldness.  However, my cock was stiffening
in my jeans.  Kristie rubbed the front of my jeans.	"He's a great pussy
eater, Jeanne," she said.  "And so am I.  I hope I can get a taste while
we're here."
	"Hot damn!" Jake laughed.  "Honey, show Kristie that honeypot of
yours.  You, too, Martha!"  Both young women immediately lifted their
dresses to reveal their unpantied lower bodies.  Their pubic triangles
were neatly trimmed and their lips were visible.  Martha had an extremely
large clitoris which jutted out.  Kristie reached out with both hands and
cupped both pussies, wiggling a finger between the lips and making the
sisters groan.
	Jake laughed again.  "Kristie, you'd best wait until we get inside or
you'll start an orgy right here!"
	All three women, Kristie, Martha and Jeanne, looked at Jake and
simultaneously said, "An orgy sounds good."  We all laughed then and then
made our way onto the big porch and into the house.  Inside, it reminded
me of the many country homes I'd been inside, including my grandmother's.
However, my grandmother was never, to my knowledge anyway, caught sitting
fully clothed on an ottoman sucking on the stiff cock of a guy young
enough to be her grandson.  That's what we saw when we entered the living
room.  Jake confirmed that the silver-haired woman was his 68-year-old
aunt and the cock she was sucking belonged to her grandson.
	"Rob just loves his granny's gum jobs," Jake said.  I saw her false
teeth lying on the coffee table and we watched as Rob gave way to the
pleasure and let his spunk shoot into his grandmother's hungry mouth.
She swallowed his offering without letting a drop escape her lips.  After
she let his softened cock slip from her mouth, she replaced her teeth and
came over to greet Kristie and me.
	"Girls, why don't you give our company here a real Tennessee howdy do
while I go back to the kitchen to help with supper?"  Well, their idea of
a Tennessee welcome is to strip the guests and give them a tongue bathe.
In no time, Martha and Jeanne were joined by a half-dozen other women,
sisters, mothers, all related and all eager to meet, greet and eat the
visitors.  I watched as one woman I later learned was Jake's sister, got
between Kristie's legs and devoured my cousin's sweet cunt, much to
Kristie's delight.
	I got my share of the oralism as well.  The girls all loved my cock,
or "that big wanger," as one called it, and it received plenty of lip
service and tongue lashings, I assure you.  Glenda, a 40-ish red-head,
with a million freckles and huge, pillowy tits, got her tongue deep in my
asshole and let that muscle squirm away in my steamy rear passage.  I
finally spewed my pent-up load and it was thirstily shared by most of the
women.  Jake's sister was sucking Kristie to a screaming orgasm and
didn't get any, though.
	I asked where the men in the family were.  Jake was probing his
niece's asshole with his cock when I asked.  "They're out in the woods
huntin' or fishin' down to the trout stream," Jake said.  "Never could
figure why a man would want to shoot a rifle when he could shoot his wad
or why he'd  want to mess with a fishin' pole when there's women around
who want to play with his pole.  But that's okay.  Just means we got our
pick of pussy and tits."
	"And ass, Uncle Jake," his niece said as he pumped away between her
fleshy cheeks.  "Hmm, you fuck my ass so good," she said as she lowered
her face into Jeanne's pussy.  Meanwhile, Glenda got behind Jake, spread
his cheeks and plunged her active tongue into his ass.  Kristie cuddled
up to me and I automatically put my arm around her and cupped her small
breast while we watched this segment of the Jones family do what seemed
natural, rimming and sucking and fucking, the picture of pleasurable
incest.
	After a while, we showered and dressed and then Jake took us on a
tour.  He pointed to a house in the distance and said that was where the
"young 'uns" were as well as the adults who didn't get involved in the
intimate fun.=20
	"We got two preachers in the family, Dave," he told me.  "My brother's
one and my aunt's husband.  Both of 'em are over to the other house.  Oh,
they don't preach against what we're doing.  They just don't party and
all.  My brother likes to fuck Martha and maybe a couple more.  My aunt's
husband loves to read a sermon while a woman fucks his ass with a fake
dick and he jacks off.  Weird, huh?" Jake laughed and said that the world
was full of strange things.
	When we got to the barn, Kristie and I got an idea of just how strange
things could be in the Jones family.  Jake explained the ceremony we
would watch that night.  He said the three newcomers would lie naked on
the three waist-high platforms there in the barn and all the members of
the family would stroke, lick, kiss, suck, feel, whatever, except the
privilege of the first fuck went to the parent.  Tom's mother, Glenda,
would be his first fuck, and the girls would get dicked by their daddies.
	"Charlotte, one of the girls, is my preacher brother's daughter.  I
know he's lookin' forward to this.  That girl is a beauty, too.  Blonde
hair, blue eyes, tits out to here, lips that beg to be fucked.  She's
already gonna be a cheerleader at college.  I can't wait to get some of
that myself!"
	Supper was a picnic held outside with everyone clothed and on their
best behavior because every member of the clan was there.  Martha
introduced Kristie and me to the rest of the family, including the three
soon-to-be inductees.  Several of the men took a fancy to Kristie, of
course, but they also knew that they first had to satisfy their own
family needs.
	It was early evening when the consenting adults made their way to the
barn.  Since Kristie and I were there to observe and not to participate
in the family ritual, we took up a position in the loft where we could
easily see everyone and everything below us.  We had removed our clothes
as we came in and had climbed to the loft quite naked.  We sat on a
blanket and watched everyone else enter the barn and strip.  Both Kristie
and I were excited and my hand fingered her cooze even as she fondled me.
We kept commenting on the people who walked in and undressed for the
ceremony.
	"What tits!"  "Big balls!"  "Nice legs!"  "Those lips were made to
suck cock!"
	It was Jake's father who really surprised me, though.  He was the
oldest person in attendance, 71 years old.  Jake had told me that the old
man had a physical condition which caused him to have a perpetual
hard-on.  "Priapism" it's called.  And when he stripped down, I saw for
myself.  His cock was as stiff as that of a man half his age, close to 10
inches long, pink and waving before him as it thrust out over a pair of
massive balls.
	"Damn!" gasped Kristie as she watched the old man sit in his chair.
He called to one of the women (a daughter or granddaughter or niece --
you can't be sure in situations like this) and in a loud voice asked if
she would suck his "clapper."
	"I got me a nice wad to let loose and I haven't had your mouth in
days."  While he got some eager head, the old man fingered some pussies
and stroked a few cocks as other family members gathered around to watch.
Hands roamed everywhere as everyone watched Grandpa climb closer to the
brink.  Kristie's pussy was wet and hot as I strummed her throbbing clit
there in the loft.
	The old man started bucking his hips and jerked his cock out of the
mouth that had coaxed this orgasm.  He grabbed his cock and jerked it a
few times.  "Fuck!" he yelled as a jet of spunk fired high into the air,
followed by another and yet another.  I had never seen so much semen come
from a cock during one orgasm.  His cum landed on arms and legs; tongues
sought to catch the pearly drops in mid-spurt; others licked it off
bodies and faces.  You'd have thought there was something magical or
religious in that old man's cum.
	Hmm.  Considering his age . . . the amount he produced . . . his
constant erections . . . hell, maybe it is supernatural.
	During the next few minutes, Kristie and I were engrossed in a hard,
passionate fuck which left me limp and she had a quim full of hot cum.
When we looked down from the loft, the lights had been dimmed and the
three to be welcomed to the adult fun were lying on the three platforms.
The male was sporting a thick eight-inch hard-on which had the attention
of most of the women, but none so much as his mother, Glenda, who
couldn't keep her hands away from his parts.
	The two girls were both desirable.  One had short black hair and large
breasts with huge, suckable nipples.  Charlotte, about whom Jake had
raved, was, indeed, a beautiful blonde, definitely a body any magazine
would love to have as a covergirl or a centerfold. Her father wasn't
wearing any clothes, but he just looked like a preacher, except of
course, for that steely erection that stood stiffly, waiting to sink into
his daughter's virgin pussy.
	The initiation ceremony was presided over by stiff-cocked Grandpa who
told a history of the family and its tradition of family fucking.  Then
he approached each of the newcomers, his swollen cock jumping and
drizzling clear pre-cum and each in turn kissed his truncheon as if it
were a symbol of some secret religion.  Then Glenda climbed up on the
platform, straddled her son and lowered her cunt to his upthrust staff.
	"Fuck me, Tom," Glenda said to her manly sttud of a son as she guided
his cock to her hole.  "Give you're mother your fine dick and fill me
with you cum!"
	Neither Kristie nor I could see that joining, but we could see the
rapturous expression on Tom's face as his mother's wet cunt enveloped his
hard flesh.  In seconds Glenda was sitting on Tom's thighs, his entire
length buried inside her.
	The fathers of the two girls were as eager to fuck their daughters.
The brunette's father had a large stomach and we could not see his cock
from the loft, but we did see his daughter's face when he first thrust
into her.  She flinched ever so slightly, but the pleasure soon took
control.  The same with Charlotte.
	"Such a tight nest, Charlotte," her father said as he thrust in and
out.  It wasn't long before her thighs tightened on her father's hips and
her feet spurred him on as she thumped his thrusting ass.
	"Do me, Daddy!"  Charlotte pleaded.  "Juice in me!"  She wanted him,
all right, and I cynically thought she might have been fucked before by
one of her cousins or somebody.  At the very least, she must have
wwatched before, because she was moving that lovely body in ways a virgin
wouldn't know.  Kristie and I could hear the pleasurable moans and groans
coming from the three incestuous couplings.
	Tom came within minutes of impaling his mother.  Glenda was bouncing
up and down, encouraging her son to, "fill your mother's pussy with your
love."  We could see him turning red and huffing as his cock exploded
inside her.  Kristie groaned as a small climax shook her body.  Glenda
climbed off and grabbed her son's still-oozing piece and sucked it then
she climbed onto the table and told him to fuck her ass.  He was still
hard and not about to refuse his mother, nor the offer of "cornholing"
her inviting asshole.
	The two fathers could not last forever, of course.  The brunette's
overweight father panted, thrusting hard and twitching as he filled his
daughter's virgin pussy with cum.  Charlotte's clergyman father was not
long in coming, either.  He thrust deep inside his gorgeous daughter and
spewed his semen into her, just as he had done to her mother some 19
years earlier.  Charlotte's mother was there, of course, sitting nearby,
watching her husband take his daughter's virginity.  Her mother was there
to lick the tthick semen as it oozed from her cunt.
	That action seemed to signal to all in attendance to participate.
Slowly, mouths attached themselves to breasts and stiff cocks and wet
cunts.   Cocks were engulfed by willing cunts of all ages and in no time
we were watching a crowd of naked bodies, young and pold, grinding and
sweating and moaning as they joined in their family love ritual.
	Of course, observing this familial love had its effects on Kristie and
me.  My cock was rock hard in her hand and her pussy was hot and wet.
She mumbled, "I love you," into my ear and I couldn't resist.  I mean,
after the stimulation of watching what went on, added to the love I felt
for my cousin anyway, I just had to have her.  There, in the loft.  I
sank my cock into Kristie's always tight quim and we held each other
tightly as we made love with a passion.
	I know that watching the interaction of the members  of the Jones
family was very emotionally gratifying.  They truly love one another.
Their sexual relationship is a healthy extension of the caring
friendships they have with each other.  Friends and lovers are chosen;
family is not.  But it sure is great when everything comes together.  A
mother lovingly sucking her son's cock, a daughter willingly giving her
virginity to her father, brothers and sister happily giving each other
orgasms.  Kristie and I were part of that feeling of family bonding as we
made love in the loft.  We were both teary-eyed and muttering words of
love to each other as we reached climax there, unnoticed by the orgiastic
crowd below.
	Martha later showed us to our room in the house where we slept
comfortably, curled up warmly in each other's arms.  During our weekend
stay with the Jones clan, we watched many interesting encounters and we
were even treated to several more of those "oral orgies," but the family
wouldn't actually fuck non-family members.  I did get to experience a gum
job from one of the elderly women, and Kristie told me that one of the
Jones women had the longest tongue she'd ever had wiggle inside her.
	It was an enjoyable, but intense and tiring, weekend.  On the drive
home, both Kristie and I were subdued and quiet.  I kept my arm around
her as we both thought abouteverything we had seen and done and felt that
weekend.




























	Family Fun In The Woods
	Kristie recently started work as a clerk at a store which specializes
in camping and outdoor stuff, like hiking boots, tents and stuff.  It's
owned by a woman Kristie met who, it turns out, is a bisexual.  To top
that off, her lover is her younger sister.  So Kristie got around to
suggesting that the four of us should go camping.  She told Pam, her
boss, about our incestuous and fulfilling life and Pam thought such an
excursion would be fun.  It wasn't that she and her sister hated men;
they just preferred one another.  Kristie wanted to taste Pam's twat
anyway, and this way she might get the chance.
	Quite honestly, I figured that it might be a replay of our encounter
with the young Scandinavian sisters.  Kristie had told Pam that I wrote
sex stories and Pam had passed along some of her own erotic efforts which
naturally were about lesbian loving, although she did indulge in some
interesting heterosexual fantasies.
		My love and I crept into the softly-lighted room where the man lay
naked on the table, his towering erection pointed at the ceiling.  He
didn't blink as my hand gripped his pulsating phallus.  The heat of his
male flesh was intense.  Barbara hugged me from behind, her nipples hard
against my back, her left hand cupping my left breast.  She put her right
hand on mine and encouraged me to stroke the turgid shaft until a
sparkling drop of juice appeared at the slit.
		Barbara's head nudged mine toward the purple head.  My lips
trembled.  Yes, I had to taste him.
		"Oh, Daddy," I whispered just before I let his organ slide into my
mouth.
	After reading that, I figured Pam and her sister would be an
interesting and fun pair.  I met both women over dinner one evening.  The
four of us sat at a quiet table in a new Italian restaurant.  The first
thing that struck me was just how attractive Pam and Donna are.  Both
women were in their early 40s, though both looked much younger and were
quite fit.  Both had shoulder-length thick, brown hair, though Pam had
bangs and waves and her sister, Donna, wore hers straight.
	The next thing I noticed was how intensely they stared at me.
Kristie's hand was in my lap, rubbing my cock to semi-hardness under the
table as the four of us chatted.  I didn't even say anything when I felt
her unzipping my fly.  Both Pam and Donna heard my zipper being pulled
down and I knew that the three of them had something in store for me.
Kristie managed to work my cock out of my fly and into the open air
undercover  of the table.
	"I guess you know that Kristie has told us about you, Dave," Pam said,
her voice low and sexy, her eyes piercing.  She told us that you have a
beautiful, hard cock.  Mind if 	 feel it?"  Before I knew it, I felt the
ball of Pam's bare foot travel up my leg and between my thighs.  Kristie
could see under the table and as Pam's foot neared my cock, she withdrew
her hand.  Pam's toes touched my stalk and then felt around, tickling and
teasing my flesh as they explored.
	"Hmm."  She smiled and arched her eyebrows.  "Nice.  You were right,
Kristie,  He's stiff, alright.  Nice and big, too.  Do you really take
this inside your tight little ass?"
	"Every fucking inch," Kristie beamed with pride.  Again Pam's brows
arched as her toes continued to explore my flesh.
	"Kristie also tells us that you taste good, Dave.  Donna, why don't
you find out?"  Donna smiled mischievously and then ducked under the
table.  It was a good thing we were tucked away in an out-of-sight booth,
I thought as I felt Donna's hands spread my legs and her strong hand and
long fingers gripped my prick.  I felt her breath on the head just before
she slid  my knob between her lips.  I moaned as hew wet mouth enveloped
me.
	Our waitress came to the table then and asked if we wanted another
drink before dinner.  Naturally, Pam engaged her in conversation while I
struggled to keep my composure.  The waitress turned toward me and
winked, then bent to peer under the table.  "Looks good, Donna," she
said, letting me know that the waitress was already in on the game and,
as I found out, is a bisexual friend of the sisters.
	I was already giving Donna a steady flow of pre-cum and I knew I was
going to cum soon.
	"He looks like he's close, Donna," Pam said to her sister.  Donna
sucked harder and faster.  Kristie held my hand in her lap and I could
feel the heat in her crotch rising through her skirt.  "Give her your
cum, Dave," Kristie told me.  "Let it go."
	As Donna moaned around my cock, I gave in to the pleasurable
inevitable and let the orgasm sweep through me, sending a load of hot
sauce into Donna's mouth.  Kristie ducked her head under the table and
Donna let my cousin have the last drooling rivulets as she returned to
her seat.
	"Well?" Pam asked.  Donna opened her mouth and I could see that she
hadn't swallowed any of my cream.  Pam held her sister's face and kissed
her.  I could hear the sloshing and I saw them  both swallowing.  Kristie
tucked my cock away and sat up as her employers broke their decadent
kiss, a drop of my cum glistening at the corner of Donna's mouth for a
second before her tongue got it.
	"Hmm, he does taste good, Kristie," Donna said.
	"Yes, I believe our camp out will be quite enjoyable," Pam added.  She
smacked her lips and smiled.  "Enjoyable and tasty!"
	*************************
	We hiked to a camping spot Pam and Donna knew about in the mountains,
miles from the nearest road and civilization.  We pitched the tent next
to a clear mountain stream, about 50 yards downstream from a waterfall
which Pam said was a wonderful spot to bathe.  "If you have the strength
to get there" she added.
	No sooner had we settled in than Donna announced that it was time they
got to see if Kristie was as good as she and her sister figured she was.
I was told that I was just going to watch, although, like them, I was
going to strip.
	"And feel free to stroke that lovely big bat of yours," Pam said as
she shrugged off her flannel shirt and unfastened her jeans.  "But don't
cum," she continued.  "We don't want a drop of that good spunk of yours
to go to waste, now do we?"
	By the time the four of us were naked, my cock was standing at its
full 9 inches because I was enjoying the beauty of my small-titted cousin
and her nubile body, but I was also enjoying the loveliness of Pam and
Donna.  Both had full, luscious breasts and both had brown pubic curls,
but Donna had trimmed and shaped hers so that it formed a heart above the
split of her pussy lips.  Pam's pubic hair was not trimmed but grew in
profusion between her strong, 40-something thighs.
	They had spread a blanket on the ground and Pam laid down and told
Kristie to "park that lovely cunt on my face, you little slut."  I sat on
the trunk of a fallen tree, only a few feet from them.  Donna kept eyeing
my cock and licking her full lips.  "I think I could fall in love with
that prick, Dave," she said, as she took hold of Kristie's head and
guided my cousin's face between her thighs.  I saw Kristie stick out her
tongue as her mouth neared Donna's labia and the stiff clit which
protruded from the scarlet gash.
	Pam began fingering herself and I thought about getting down and
fucking her, but as if reading my mind Donna caught my attention and
cautioned me.
	"Don't even think about it, Dave.  Just watch.  And don't cum.  Ooh,
yeah, Kristie, such a nice tongue you have!  Eat my pussy!"   Donna
closed her eyes and ran her fingers through Kristie's long,
chestnut-colored hair.  Meanwhile, Kristie was moving her hips, grinding
her sweet gash on Pam's mouth.  I could hear Pam slurping Kristie's
juices hungrily and she fingered her own swampy cunt with gusto.
	After a few minutes, Pam pushed Kristie off of her cream-smeared face,
licking her lips and smiling.  "Damn fine cunt," she said.  Then she sat
beside me on the trunk, spread her legs and told Kristie that it was time
to give her boss's pussy a going overt.  Kristie eagerly knelt between
Pam's strong thighs and dove face first into Pam's grotto.  Donna got on
her back and scooted under Kristie so she could slurp the young snatch.
Pam reached over and wrapped her fingers around my pole and pumped it a
few times, milking out a few dollops of pre-cum, which she wiped off with
a finger.  She brought that finger to her mouth and licked my stuff off,
long strands glistening from her finger to her lips.
	"Hmmm," she moaned, closing her eyes as she savored the flavor of my
pre-squirt as it mingled with the taste of Kristie's quim.  She rested
her hand on Kristie's head and slowly humped her pussy against Kristie's
mouth.
	Pam looked at me and I saw her eyes as they quit focusing and she
groaned, "God, cumming!  Cumming!"  I could hear the wet sounds increase
as Kristie hurried to keep up with the flow from Pam's spasming pussy.
Pam's nipples were so swollen that they looked like the were about to
explode.  Kristie was whimpering into Pam's cunt and from the motion of
her hip I knew that she was cumming herself, sending her syrup down
Donna's throat.
	My balls were feeling painfully full as I watched all this.  Pam
leaned over and popped my cockhead between her lips, which of course only
aggravated my condition.  Her tongue tip teased the sensitive nerve
ending on the underside and she groaned, the vibrations travelling down
the shaft to my balls and even to my prostate.
	"Do you want to cum, Dave?" Pam asked needlessly after she took her
mouth away from my pulsing prick.  She fondled my aching balls and looked
down at her sister who was rapidly fingering herself.  "Fuck Donna with
this big cock, Dave.  Make her cum and then squirt her full of your cum."
	In no time, Donna was on her back, I was between her thighs, Pam was
sitting on her face and Kristie was teasing my asshole with her tongue.
I knew that I couldn't last long and fortunately Donna was close herself.
When her pussy went into orgasmic spasms around my cock, she easily
pulled my load out of me and I started shooting hot bullets of semen deep
inside of her.  My cock was still dribbling when Kristie pushed me off of
Donna and went after my juice-covered cock like a fish going after a
nice, fat worm.  Pam dropped her head  so that the two formed a sisterly
69 and she began eating my stuff from her sister's full pussy.
	Minutes later we all just lay there in the clearing, catching our
breath and listening to the chirping of the birds, the rushing of the
stream and feeling the air cool our bodies.  What a feeling!
	Donna and Pam whispered with each other and then added Kristie to
their conversation.  Finally, Donna took hold of my cock and started
squeezing it, pumping blood into it, nd it responded to her
ministrations.  Pam started licking my ear and Kristie sucked on my
nipples.  By the time Donna started sucking my balls, I was sporting
another full-blown erection.
	"Dave," Pam whispered, sliding her wet tongue around the sensitive
flesh of my ear.  "We want to watch you fuck Kristie's cute little ass
with that big ramrod of yours."
	"Yeah," added Donna in between licks on the cock they were talking
about.  "I just can't imagine this big thing going into her tiny little
asshole.
	Kristie looked up at me, her face flushed and her freckles prominent.
She smiled and winked at me.  "Let's show them," she said.  She got on
her knees and stuck her ass out.  Pam followed her suggestion and began
tonguing Kristie's anus to relax the sphincter and lubricate it with
saliva.  (Kristie later told me she'd never heard of a boss sucking an
employee's ass!)  Donna helped by lubricating my cock inside her own
warm, wet mouth.
	The sisters got on either side of Kristie's firm butt and spread her
cheeks apart, letting that glistening rosebud beckon.  I eased forward
and let the knob of my cock press against the pink, round muscle and then
Kristie sighed as her sphincter relaxed and started opening to let my
persistent prick inside.
	Donna gasped in awe.  "Oh, God!  Look how he's going in!"
	"Damn!" was all Pam could say in answer as my cousin's oh-so-tight
bunghole sucked my shaft inside.  I could feel her hot insides as her
muscles gripped my cock and her pulse was pounding rapidly.
	"Ooh, shit, Dave, that feels so fucking good!" Kristie moaned.  "So
goddamn good!  Hmph!"  Sweat began popping out all over my body and
dripping off the end of my nose.  I could feel one of the sisters toying
with my balls and the other traced my own pore with her fingernail.  Now,
that always gets to me and I pushed hard, sinking all 9 inches into my
cousin's ass!
	"My God!" Pam gasped.
	"I don't believe it!" Donna managed to say.
	"Hmm, yeah!" Kristie groaned.  I held still, letting Kristie adjust to
the intrusion of my plunger deep in her bowels as I regained a bit of
self control.  Pam and Donna were thrilled at what they were seeing.  Pam
leaned up to give me a passionate, deep kiss and her tongue seemed to
swab my tonsils.  Donna got on her back between my legs and licked at my
balls and, I guessed, Kristie's aroused clit and soggy slice.
	I jammed my cock in and out of Kristie's clasping chute.  She was
moaning with delight as I fucked her butt and the sister's kept licking
and nibbling each and every sensitive area of skin on our bodies.  I felt
Pam's finger worm into my asshole and I let everyone know that I was
about to unload.
	"Hose her hole good!"  Pam said.  Her finger pressed rhythmically
against my prostate and urged my second coming.  I pulled Kristie's hips
to impale her on my cock; my pubes were mashed against her firm cheeks.
Donna's frantically licking tongue and Pam's probing finger added all the
encouragement I needed to  release my load of love juice into my cousin's
ass.  Her ass muscles were spasming as she came, too, and the
constriction was almost painful as my semen exploded inside her.  I just
know that cum had to leak out and I felt Pam join her sister to lick up
my cream as it dripped from Kristie's ass onto her pussy and onto my
emptying balls.
	I was drained and exhausted, but the four of us took a dip in the cold
mountain stream.  I must admit that the cold water was invigorating and,
after a hearty dinner cooked on the campfire, Kristie and I watched as
the sisters showed us what lovers who really were sisters could do with
each other, as if we didn't know from our time with the sisters from
Scandinavia.
	Pam and Donna had brought along their collection of sex toys and used
them with dexterity and imagination.  Kristie helped them insert a
double-headed dildo as they got on all fours.  One end in Pam's ass and,
as Donna backed toward her sister, Kristie pushed the other end into
Donna's chute.  Then my young cousin got under them and licked at both
cunts while I dined on her wet treasure.
	The next morning I was awakened with a tongue in my asshole, my balls
inside someone's mouth and my cock in another.  The three women kept
trading places until I came, then all three eagerly shared my morning
spunk.  Kristie nursed on my softening cock as the sisters kissed,
swapping my cum back and forth.  We took a refreshing swim under the
waterfall and returned to our camp for breakfast.  We went for a hike and
did some normal camping and outdoors stuff, but the highlight was when I
fucked Kristie as she lay on her back and Pam, wearing a strap-on dong,
fucked my asshole and Donna, also wearing a cock, fucked her sister in
the ass.  It took some coordination, I'll admit, but it was a wild tim!
	Of course I did fuck Pam, both in the pussy and in her steamy ass.
Donna never did try to let me bugger her butt ("You'll split me apart
with that!") despite Pam's assurances that I was a great sodomist.
	I had to ask Pam a question about her erotic writings.  "Did you
really fuck your father?"  Pam glanced at Donna and explained that their
parents had divorced when the girls were young and their father had
little contact with them afterwards.  When they were much older, they had
driven to the city where he lived and followed him, picking him up in a
bar.  He thought they were girls just looking for a good time.  They took
him to a motel, stripped him, sucked him and fucked him.  As he was
leaving, they kissed him goodbye, slipped an old picture of the three of
them into his hand, and together said, "Thank you, Daddy."  He walked
away pale and shaking.
	Pam and Donna are anxious to repeat our outing adventure sometime
soon.  I'll keep you informed.















	The Inner Circle
	I received an interesting invitation recently from someone who had
been reading my accounts of my relationship with my cousin Kristie.  Myra
wrote that she was forty and divorced and had been emotionally and
sexually involved with her son for three years.  He lived with his father
until he turned 18 and then he moved in with her.  Within two months, he
had worked his way into her bed.
	Myra said that she represented a group of people throughout the
country who are involved in loving relationships with people who happen
to be related.  Mothers and sons, fathers and daughter, aunts and
nephews, uncles and nieces, cousins and cousins, entire families,
grandparents, virtually every possible combination.  But no relationship
was forced or coerced, Myra explained.  All had been voluntary and
natural.
	Myra said that she and others in the group had read my stories in
these pages and had decided to ask if I'd like to know about the group
and perhaps write about it.  Naturally I wanted to find out more and so
did Kristie so I telephoned Myra, who had a pleasant voice with a slight
drawl.  After some discussion, we agreed to meet in South Carolina at a
motel restaurant.
	Myra certainly looked much younger than forty.  She is strikingly
beautiful at 5'6" and with thick auburn hair.  She wore a blue dress that
accentuated her curves and showed off her shapely legs to perfection.
Her son, slightly younger than Kristie's 22 years, looked closer to 28 or
so.  Handsome and tall, they made an attractive couple.  Certainly, no
one would guess that they were mother and son.
	I was attracted to Myra instantly and I easily sensed that Kristie was
interested in Kyle, Myra's handsome hunk of a son.  Over dinner, Myra
told us how they had felt guilt about their relationship before joining
The Inner Circle, the organization made up of people involved in
relationships, emotional and sexual, with family members.  It seems that
people in The Inner Circle have been following my stories of the
incestuous goings on between my cousin Kristie and myself and Myra and
Kyle wanted to be the ones to contact us.
	"Dave," Myra said as we ate dessert.  "You say in your stories that
your dick is 9 inches long.  Is that literary license or is it true?'
	"Ask Kristie," I replied.  Myra arched her brow at Kristie.
	"The last time I measured him, it was just a tiny bit bigger than 9
inches.  Like 9=AC inches or so.  And as thick as my wrist.  It feels =
great
in my pussy or in my mouth or wherever!"  Myra smiled and shuddered.
	"I just adore big ones," she said.  "Kyle has a little over 7 inches
and he certainly can ring a woman's bells with it, but a big dick feels
wonderful, especially in an old, stretched out twat like mine."
	"Mom, you aren't 'old' and you aren't stretched out," Kyle gallantly
interjected.
	Myra patted his hand.  "That's sweet of you to say, dear."  She let
her hand slip under the table and it was obvious she was feeling his
crotch.  "Hmm, why don't you and Kristie go dance awhile.  Something
tells me that she inspired this erection here and she should have the
opportunity to check it out."  Kristie and Kyle left the table to dance
in the motel's club and Myra sat next to me.  We discussed my writing and
her job as a paralegal and incest and we got along fabulously.  Her
perfume was intoxicating and soon I was sporting an erection myself which
her hand rubbed.
	Eventually, Kristie and Kyle came back.  I could see the tell-tale wet
spots on Kyle's pants   "pecker tracks" we call them down South   and the
four of us agreed that it would be best to go back to the room Kristie
and I had taken for the night.  We were all aroused and eager for a hot
foursome.  And considering how close in age I was to Myra and Kristie to
Kyle,, it even crossed my mind that we could pass as a married couple
with two grown children.
	Once we were in the room, Myra wasted no time in climbing out of her
dress and skimpy underclothes.  Kristie followed her lead and when Myra
suggested to my cousin that they get Kyle and myself ready to romp, Myra
helped Kyle strip down while Kristie helped me.  My cock was already bone
hard,, but Kristie gave it some of her special oral attention and made it
even stiffer, if that's possible.  I kept watching Myra as she stripped
her son and pulled on his cock, watching me with one eye the entire time.
She sighed when my stiff meat popped out and she was quick to suggest
that she and Kristie trade off.
	Myra pushed me into a chair and wrapped her hand around my cock.
"God, I love big dick," she said, more to my cock than to me.  Her left
hand held my cock firmly as her right hand hefted and fondled my balls.
She kissed the head reverently, as though she was worshipping it.  Her
wet tongue licked up and down and around and then she went for my balls,
licking my sac and sucking each cum-maker between her hungry lips.
	Kristie and Kyle had gotten down to work as well.  Kristie was on top
of the young man, his head between her thighs and obviously eating her
tasty pussy.  She, in turn, was slurping his cock, a slim fuckstick with
an upward curve to it.  It had been some time since I'd watched my cousin
get physical with another man but I felt no jealousy.  Just pride and
love for her.
	"Dave, I want this dick doggie style.  Okay?"  Kristie and Kyle made
room for us beside them on the big bed and they watched as Myra knelt on
all fours and I put my hands on her hips and slid my cock into her cunt.
Myra reached for her son's stiff cock  and began stroking it and when his
pre-cum bubbled out, she wiped it with her finger and then sucked on the
finger and groaned.  Kristie bent down and licked the knob, pumping to
draw more of his juice out.
	I snapped my hips and quickly sank my thick cock deep inside her.  Air
rushed out of her lungs and she moaned.  "Oh, god, I just love big dick.
=46uck my horny hole with that fucker!  Shove it!  I want to cum!  Have =
to
cum . . . make me cum!"  I fucked her alright.  Kristie helped me by
reaching to tickle my asshole and fondle my balls.  Kyle fed his mother
his leaking cock and she sucked on it as though it was a sexual pacifier.
Come to think of it, I guess a cock is  a pacifier for Myra.
	It was obvious from his expression that Kyle was excited watching me
fuck his mother.  Her groans and gyrations showed that she enjoyed it as
well. The view he had and his mother's cocksucking soon had him holding
the reins of her hair and fucking her mouth.  He came hard and I could
hear Myra gulping every drop, but he was still young and I knew he'd
still be able to give Kristie a good fucking.  Sure enough, it was a
leaking but rigid cock he pulled out of Myra's mouth.  Kristie got over
and flicked a drop of cum from the slit and smacked her lips.
	Kristie lay on the bed with her head by me so we could look at me and
so that Myra could watch closely as her son fucked Kristie's beautiful
pussy.
	"Yes, Kyle, show Kristie what a wonderful fucker you are!" Myra
encouraged him.  "Ooh," she sighed as I drove my cock into her hard and
with a twisting motion.  "She's used to being well-fucked!"  Her pussy
muscles were strong and squeezed around my piston with remarkable
strength.
	Kyle threaded his stiff shaft between my cousin's spread thighs and I
reached to pinch one of her stiff nipples and her eyelids fluttered and
she welcomed him into her pussy with a moan.  "Hmm, oh Kyle, that's good!
=46uck me!  Fuck me while Dave fucks your mother!"
	Kyle put it to my eager cousin with hard, rapid strokes and with the
energy and enthusiasm of a young fucker who wants to pleasure his partner
and make his onlooking mother proud of him and his lusty performance.
Myra's cunt spasms told me she was cumming hard and I knew that I
couldn't hold back for long but I wanted to squirt in his mother at the
same time that Kyle filled Kristie with his juice.
	Fortunately, Kyle couldn't resist the tightness of Kristie's quim and
he drove his cock deep at the same time I showered his mother's vagina
with my sauce.  Myra and Kristie joined in an orgasmic duet as their
cries of delight filled the air.  I filled Myra's cunt with my hot semen
as Kyle pumped his second load of the evening into Kristie.  Her glazed
eyes locked onto mine as we both came.
	Myra was the first of us to get off the bed.  She slipped on her
dress, grabbed her car keys, and returned in a few minutes with a canvas
bag.  Opening it, she removed a huge strap-on dildo which she handed to
Kyle.  He quickly slipped it on over his own half-hard cock while Myra
explained that this was how Kyle satisfied her craving for big cocks.
Myra lay on her back, her legs spread wide and her titian-haired pussy
brimming with my cum.
	Kyle rubbed the big head of that dong along her swollen lips and then
leaned forward, slowly and easily entering his  mother's scarlet snatch
until, as she whimpered and mumbled words of love, all twelve inches of
that thing were inside her accommodating pussy.  If you include Kyle's
prick, which was tucked in the hollow shaft, Myra had almost nineteen
inches of cock inside her.
	Kristie was fingering herself, coating her index finger with a sheen
of Kyle's semen.  She offered it to Myra who eagerly sucked her finger
dry.  Kyle then said in a low voice, "Mom?  Now?"  Myra explained that
Kyle wanted to see his mother eat pussy.
	"I've never eaten a pussy before and Kyle has long been after me to
try it.  It's quite a fantasy for him.  Isn't it, Kyle?  Kristie, since
your pussy is filled with Kyle's delicious cum, can I . . . could you . .
. ?"  Kristie  quickly straddled Myra's face and eased her pussy down to
within an inch of Myra's mouth.
	"Can you see, Kyle?" Kristie asked.  Kyle managed to twist his head
enough to look.  Kristie closed her eyes and concentrated and Kyle and I
watched as a thick gob of his cum oozed from Kristie's cunt and Myra
parted her lips to accept the stuff.
	"Oh, God, Mom!" Kyle murmured, driving that dong hard and Myra's
response was to slip her tongue out to lick at Kristie's tender slit.
Kristie shuddered and grabbed Kyle's shoulders to steady herself and,
when Kyle looked at her, Kristie put a passionate lip lock on the son as
she sat on Myra's face.  I could see Myra's jaw and throat moving and
swallowing as she feasted on Kristie's twat.
	It wasn't long before Kyle disengaged the dildo from his mother's
pussy and took it off to reveal his own engorged weapon.  He replaced the
fake cock with his own and I motioned for Kristie to climb off Myra's
mouth.  We watched mother and son embrace and kiss, sharing the combined
flavor of Kristie's quim and Kyle's cum.  Kristie lay her head on my
chest and fondled me as we watched the mother and son consummate their
love.  I could easily have made love to my cousin then . . . I was hard
and she was horny . . . but there was such an emotional atmosphere as we
watched Kyle pleasure his mother that we just watched.
	There's almost a magical feeling in the air when a son shoots his seed
into the very vagina that gave birth too him.  "Give me you love, Kyle!"
Myra shouted as she came and Kyle unleashed yet another load, pumping so
much into his mother that it oozed from around his pistoning cock and
dripped down her ass cleft onto the bedsheets.
	The four of us rested and talked and Myra told us that she also had a
daughter, Linda, who would soon be old enough to join in on the sexual
goings on.  "She's made it clear she intends to keep Kyle busy," she
added.  Then she asked if I'd be interested in introducing  her daughter
to the pleasures of a big cock.  She showed us a photo of her daughter,
the image of her sexy mother.  I told her that I'd be glad to, if her
daughter wanted to try.  Kristie remarked that she would like to be
intimate with Linda as well, if she were so inclined.
	The rest of the night we spent talking, sleeping, and of course
enjoying the pleasures of one another.  Myra told us more about The
Incest Network.  She explained that it was made up of people who had
been, or currently were involved, in positive relationships, emotional or
sexual, with a family member.
	"The newspapers and such only mention the headline-grabbing negative
stories," Myra said.  But there are many people who have positive, loving
relationships.  Like you and Kristie do.  Or Kyle and I.
	"Much of the negative feeling is a result of outsiders.  We have
people who were forced to leave their hometowns, friends and family
because people said that what they were doing was 'bad.'  We have an
entire family -- a man, his wife, daughter, two sons and the man's single
sister -- who were literally run out of New England when someone found
out that they were involved sexually with each other.
	"Not everyone is into having sex with others, though.  Like any other
group, there are those who prefer privacy  and come to meetings just to
talk and listen and make friends.  Then there are people like me who like
to get more personal."  Myra said that the Network felt that I might be
the right person to write about the organization.  I told her there was a
big problem in that the "legitimate" magazines and tabloids would only
want the negative and sensational details and the sex magazines would
want to concentrate on the sexuality, not the psychology of incest.  But
maybe I could do something.  She said she'd tell the others and someone
would contact me.
	At one point during the night, Kyle and I looked on as Myra and
Kristie got into a torrid 69, a sight which so rocked Kyle that he got
behind his mother and was slipping his horny cock into her, but he
started cumming before he got more than the head inside.  Ah, youth!  But
he still gave her a good time.
	I'll let you know if I hear anything else about this organization. 





	Kristie And I Go To The Family Reunion
	My cousin Kristie and I attended a family reunion this past fall.
We'd avoided going for a few years but we went this time because some of
our relatives are getting on in years.  We figured the word about us had
gotten around about us.  We don't flaunt our incestuous relationship, but
we don't lie about it or go out of the way to hide it.  We love and care
for one another despite our age difference and the fact that we're first
cousins.  After all, this is almost the 21st century and first cousins
have been getting married since Old Testament times.
	I figured a hush would greet us at the picnic area when we showed up
together.  I was wrong.  People seemed non-plussed and as friendly as
ever.  I was a bit surprised and, of course, relieved, when nothing
negative happened.  But it was an elderly great uncle who broke the
silence.
	Uncle Zack maneuvered me out of anyone's earshot.  He looked into my
eyes and grinned.
	"Dave, word is that you're puttin' it to Kristie real good.  Can't
nothin' beat pussy that's family, huh?"  He lightly punched me in the
shoulder then put his arm around me.  "Look, I used to give it to some of
the women in this room besides Ellie."  (Aunt Ellie was his wife.)  "My
sister liked it and so did your Aunt Shirley."  One of Shirley's brothers
was my father.  Kristie's father was her other brother as well.  So
family fucking wasn't so unusual in our own family, either.
	Not long after Uncle Zack talked to me, Aunt Shirley cornered me.
She's 52, petite, with light brown hair and she looks a lot like an older
Kristie.
	"Dave, I understand you and Kristie are living together," she said
quietly.  "I'm assuming your sharing more than a roof, right?  Like maybe
the same bed?  Oh, don't be embarrassed!  Our family loves sex and we're
pretty loving within the family, too."  She leaned close to me and
breathed in my ear.  "Do you have the trademark big dick?" she asked.
No one could see her hand slip between my legs and take hold of the
hardening cock inside my pants.  Her wet tongue darted into my ear and
the stimulation made my cock spring to its full length.
	"Oh, yes-s-s," she whispered.  "How about giving me some of this?  Or
maybe I should ask Kristie.  And maybe Kristie will give me a taste of
her love nest, do you think?"  My Aunt was a very attractive woman.  She
lives in another state so we don't see her often and I'd never thought of
getting it on with her.  Till now, of course.  Would Kristie be
interested, I wondered.  I was imagining seeing Aunt Shirley bouncing up
and down on my cock, or entangled with Kristie in a sweaty, Sapphic 69,
tongues wildly exploring each other's feminine charms.
	I wasn't surprised when Kristie told me that Aunt Shirley was going to
come to the house a bit later.  Kristie's brown eyes had that horny
twinkle that let me know she was excited.  And whenever she gets aroused,
so do I.
	"And she's bringing Debra!"
	Now let me explain about Debra, Shirley's daughter.  Debra was born
beautiful  By the time she was eighteen, she had won scores of beauty
pageants, appeared in over a dozen television commercials, had a brief
role in a network soap opera and had appeared in a couple of low budget
feature films.  She was and is one of the most beautiful women I've ever
laid eyes on, and she has never had plastic surgery.  She is 5'9" tall,
thick blonde hair, an absolutely gorgeous figure (she was once a calendar
girl in a bikini) and with legs that would give hard-ons to impotent men.
	According to the family grapevine and an occasional little blurb in a
supermarket tabloid, our cousin was something of a sexual wild woman,
some said "kinky degenerate," one tabloid called her a "lesbo nympho
pervo on Rodeo" Drive.  But Debra never visited us and we hadn't seen her
in person in over 12 years.  Aunt Shirley hadn't mentioned her to me, but
the possibility of sexing it up with Kristie and Aunt Shirley and Debra
had me wired all afternoon.  By 7:00 I had a bulge in my pants that
Kristie kept rubbing gleefully.
	The doorbell rang and Kristie jumped up to open the door while I stood
and struggled to conceal my aroused condition.  In came Aunt Shirley,
smiling and looking sexier than I'd ever seen her, wearing a short, tight
dress.  I saw Kristie's body seem to go limp and I knew why before I saw
the vision that caused her to react.
	Trumpets should have announced Debra's entrance.  Maybe they did, I
don't think I would have heard them.  Debra walked into the room, her
long blonde mane perfectly wild, her blue eyes flashing.  She was wearing
an overcoat which she was opening and removing as she walked in the door.
Underneath she wore only a bustiere and stockings, a Madonna-type outfit.
But on Madonna it looks cheap and sleazy; on our cousin Debra, it was
tres magnifique.  Her breasts seemed barely contained and her legs seemed
to go on forever.
	Kristie closed the door, unnerved by Debra's overwhelming presence,
let alone that she was looking at Kristie ravenously.  She hugged Kristie
tightly and I supposed she gave her an un-family-type kiss.  I couldn't
see because Aunt Shirley was giving me a very intimate greeting, rubbing
her pussy mound against my bulge and swabbing my tonsils with her tongue.
	"Hmm, Deb, he's nice and hard," Aunt Shirley said as she unbuttoned my
shirt.  "And he seems to be carrying the traditional big gun."  Debra,
though, seemed to be absorbed in Kristie.
	"Mamma, I had no idea cousin Kristie was so fucking cute.  Hmm, looks
so good, good enough to fucking eat, which I plan to do, doncha know?"
She had put her hand under Kristie's skirt and was cupping her pussy
mound, which, judging from the way Kristie was breathing, just had to be
swampy with her desire.  Her other hand was rubbing Kristie's small tit
mounds.  Debra seemed truly hot for Kristie.
	"Mamma, let me say 'Hi' to Dave properly and you can help Kristie
here."  Aunt Shirley left me standing shirtless, almost breathless, and
with an enormous bulge beneath my fly.  She shrugged her dress off as she
went to Kristie and she wore only her high heels and a gold chain around
her waist when she reached her.  By then, Kristie's skirt was off and
Debra had pulled Kristie's shirt over her head and left her naked for her
mother to enjoy.
	Then Debra headed in my direction.  My knees got shaky because this
drop-dead beauty was oozing sensuality and was headed toward me with her
eyes staring below my belt.
	"Hello, Dave," she said, her right arm going around my shoulder, her
left hand cupping my swollen cock.  "Hmm, a woman likes to know she's
welcome and appreciated.  Thanks for the welcome, cousin."  Her Chanel
No. 5 overwhelmed me even as she locked her lips onto mine and sent her
tongue darting into my mouth.  She squeezed and rubbed my confined cock
and I was almost afraid I'd sperm my shorts right there.  I thought I'd
died and gone to heaven.
	When her lips left mine, I realized she had my pants undone and my
cock was out, wrapped in her loving grip.  "I just adore a  nice, big,
firm dick, Dave," she cooed.  "Especially if it's family."  I glanced
across the room to see Kristie in a soft chair holding her legs up and
spread wide.  Aunt Shirley was kneeling in front of her, fingers busy in
Kristie's quim and her tongue buried in Kristie's ass.
	Debra pushed me back into a chair and looked at her mother and
Kristie.  "Let's get fucking naked, too," she said.  In seconds, the
bustiere was lying in the floor along with her shoes and stockings.   My
gorgeous cousin was naked except for a tatoo of a small red rose she wore
on her left breast.  My cock felt larger than it had ever felt before,
threatening to explode.  Pre-squirt was flowing from it as Debra grabbed
hold of it and bent her head into my lap as she knelt in the floor.
	"Fuck juice," she murmured.  "Fucking love it!"  Then her mouth
engulfed my cock and I knew that I was getting my cock sucked by a woman
that millions of men wanted.  My cousin!  My cock in her mouth!  Talk
about dream come true!
	Debra sucked on my cock like she was born to it.  I looked at Kristie
and Aunt Shirley and Kristie was dreamily enjoying the reaming she was
getting from our aunt.  Her eyes fluttered as she looked to see Debra
wantonly nursing on my nozzle and she looked at me, smiled, winked and
blew me a kiss.  She was close to cumming, thanks to Aunt Shirley's
fingers in her cunt and tongue in her ass.
	As much as I wanted to cum between Debra's lips, I didn't want to miss
out on other action because of a drained dingus, so I reluctantly stopped
her.  I pushed her head away from my cock and told her that I just had to
taste her pussy.
	"Hmm, all right!" she said as we swapped positions, "Eat me out,
cousin!"  Her labes were swollen with excitement, red and wet from her
secretions.  And the smell of her made my mouth water.  When my tongue
made contact with her raw flesh, Debra grabbed my head and pulled me hard
into her furrow.  Her tanned, well-toned thighs held me in place and I
could hear her as she called to her mother and Kristie.
	"Hey, why don't you two come here and let's fucking party hardy,
okay?"  I couldn't see but I soon felt Aunt Shirley behind me.  She
licked the crack of my ass and fondled my full balls and excited cock.
Her tongue wiggled into my asshole even as my own tongue dipped into her
daughter's well.  I sensed that Kristie managed to stand on the chair's
arms to give Debra access to her cunt.
	The four of us were really having a good time, but I still wanted the
Ultimate fantasy--to actually fuck Debra.  Reluctantly I pulled away from
eating her juicy box and I asked Aunt Shirley to hold off on her reaming,
as good as it was.  I managed to stand, my cock vibrating and leaking a
long string of sticky pre-cum.  I tapped Kristie's back and suggested
that the four of us go to the bedroom where we could be a bit less
gymnastic.  As she climbed off the chair, she reached over an snagged the
juice dripping from my cock and licked it from her fingers.
	"She's gonna love being fucked by you, Dave," she said.  "Almost as
much as I love it!"  Kristie took Aunt Shirley's hand and Debra and I
followed their pert buns down the hallway.
"Kristie, I  want some more of that fucking good pussy cream of yours,"
Debra said as we got on the bed.  "Why don't you lay yourself out and
I'll give you head while Dave fucks me doggie style?"  That's just what
we did, too.  Debra  got between Kristie's thighs and her lovely ass
stuck out, the thick, wet lips peeking from between her thighs, just
itching to welcome my hard-on. And the way her puckered sphincter winked,
I just knew that I'd have to try that hole, too.
	Aunt Shirley insisted on holding my cock and guiding it to her
daughter's waiting fissure.  She sighed as my knob split Debra's lips and
glided inside the hot cunt.  Debra made some muffled sounds into
Kristie's pussy as I invaded and stretched her insides.
	"Ooh, she likes your cock, Dave," Kristie giggled.  "I just knew she
would!  And she can tongue pussy, too!"  She was squirming and squealing
and sweating and clutching Debra's head as our starlet slut relative
slurped sauce and fucked cousin cock.  And my Aunt, who obviously has an
anal fixation, kept her lips on my ass and her tongue kept drilling into
my rear.
	We made quite a scene, I'm sure.  Four family members fucking and
reaming and sucking.  Aunt Shirley was squeezing my aching balls as she
tongue-fucked my ass, preparing me to unleash a load of love liquid into
her daughter's waiting channel.  And believe me, cumming inside Debra's
pussy was a fantasy I had wanted to turn into a reality for years.
	I let out a primal roar when my juice exploded into Debra's pussy.  I
could feel every drop as it rushed up the length of my cock and exploded
deep inside of her.
	"Fuck, yeah, Dave!"  Debra shouted, her voice barely muffled in
Kristie's swampy slit.  "Gimme your spooge!  Let me feel every goddamn
glob!"
	I could feel her cunt muscles milking and  squeezing my cock, pulling
my juice out and into her steaming vagina.  Aunt Shirley squeezed hard on
my balls to empty them and two inches of her squirming tongue tickled my
asshole and pressed against my spasming prostate.
	I was half-dazed and I collapsed on the bed.  I watched Aunt Shirley
hurry to the living room and return with a small leather case, which she
handed to Debra.  Then Debra took Kristie into the bathroom and . . .
well, judging from the screams of pleasure, I'll only say that what they
did in there was quite kinky but enjoyable.  And Aunt Shirley and I kept
busy, of course.  I feasted on her spicy pussy and she sucked my cock,
still coated with her daughter's secretions.
	Kristie's eyes were glazed when she wobbled out of the bathroom after
half an hour.  Her face was flushed crimson and she had a dreamy,
satisfied smile on her face.  Debra followed, leather bag in hand, and
she looked at my hard-on as her mother worked her tongue around the head.
	"Well, looks like you're 'up' to fuck my sweet brown-eye."  She turned
around and grabbed her butt cheeks, bending at the waist and spreading
her buns.  Her puckered anus winked invitingly and a small dribble of
juice oozed from my cock onto Aunt Shirley's tongue.  We arranged a new
scenario with Debra on her back and Kristie sitting on her face, bending
so that Debra could tongue-fuck Kristie while our anal aunt reamed
Kristie's sensitive rectal portal.
	I filled Debra's bowels with a load of cum that left me drained.  I
got to watch Aunt Shirley siphoned my deposit out of her daughter's ass
and then they grabbed a pair of dildoes from the leather bag and
double-teamed Kristie, making her the middle meat of a lesbian sandwich.
Kristie impaled her pussy on Debra's dong while Aunt Shirley skewered her
asshole.  Kristie loved it, of course, and even insisted that I be
involved.  She licked my cock and balls while Debra sucked and reamed my
ass.
	It was certainly a memorable visit we had and Debra insisted that we
visit her out in Los Angeles.
	"Now that is Fuck City, USA," she said.  She promised to show us some
of the wild, kinky sides of "El Lay" only and insider knows.  "Some of
the big names in Hollywood do some stuff that even the tabloids can't
hint about.  Hell, incest, butt-fucking, you name it, if it wasn't
invented in "Holly-weird," it was probably refined and perfected there."
She mentioned a couple of familiar celebrities to tease us.
	Naturally, that's one trip we're really looking forward to.




























	Kristie, John, Renee and Me
	I had told Kristie long ago about John.  In our school days we had
experimented with each other sexually, as most young men do (Kristie
assured me that girls play with one another, too.)  John is married now
and he and his wife Renee had no trouble accepting my relationship with
my own cousin, Kristie, despite our age difference.
	Although John is still my best friend, our youthful forays in mutual
jerking off did not continue over the years, nor did it interfere with
our development and relationship with the opposite sex.  John and Renee
had a strong marriage of nine years and they were delighted that Kristie
and I got along so well.  Renee knew that John and I had explored each
other and she had been understanding, and, as it turned  out, curiously
fascinated.  So was Kristie.
	Recently, Kristie and I were invited to John and Renee's condo for a
dinner in recognition of my fortieth birthday.  After a pleasant meal,
Renee announced that I was going to get a surprise that she and John and
Kristie had planned.  You guessed it.
	"The thing is, David, we had absolutely no idea how to go about
surprising you.  So . . . "  Renee then stood up.  She's 5'6", with
short, dark blonde hair.  She was wearing a simple party dress, and she
reached behind her and in a second the dress puddled around her
high-heels.  Wearing black underwear and stockings, Renee was striking.
	Kristie then stood up and quickly removed her dress.  I was quick to
respond to this erotic display and I watched as Renee sat next to John
and opened his pants.  She deftly removed his hard-on and held it for us
to look at.
	"David, John has a wonderful 6-inch cock.  He has told me that yours
is bigger.  May I see it?"
	Kristie was already unfastening my pants.  I lifted my butt so she
could pull my pants and shorts down and my 9 1/2 inch hard-on sprang out
like a jack-in-the-box.  Renee's eyes widened when she saw it, and both
she and John smiled appreciatively.
	"Oh, my," Renee said.  Kristie had removed my shoes and socks and as
she took off my pants, John quickly stripped and he and  Renee walked
toward me.  As Kristie held my cock in her small hand, Renee and John sat
in the floor between my legs.  I could see that hungry look in Renee's
eyes.  So could Kristie.  She pointed my cock at Renee who smiled and
leaned forward.  Her wet tongue poked from her mouth and she licked the
knob.  Placing her hands on my thighs, Renee opened her mouth to admit
the knob and Kristie removed her hand as John's wife took my prick into
her hot mouth.  She groaned and I saw that she was stroking John's cock
and it was already seeping pre-cum from the tip.
	Kristie turned my head and kissed me.  "Happy birthday," she said.
Renee ran her tongue up the underside of my cock as she pulled her mouth
off my cock.
	David, John  wants to try sucking this beautiful prick.  Is it okay
with you?"  I smiled and nodded.  Kristie rubbed my chest and Renee held
my cock for her husband.  My best friend stared at my cock as he moved
forward.
	"Lick the balls, first," Renee told him.  "David has such big balls."
Obediently, John's tongue began licking at my sac.  We had never done
anything other than jerk each other off all those years ago.  Maybe John
had fantasized about other things over the years.  Just as I had.
	"Ooh, David's prick is dribbling, John.  Lick it up.  I know you want
to."  Again, without hesitation, John went after the drops of clear
pre-cum oozing from my cock head.  Then his lips wrapped around me and I
groaned. =20
	"John has wanted to do this for years, David.  This is as much a
present for him as for you.  Kristie assured us you'd approve.  It looks
as though he's doing a very good job.  Yes, dear, suck David's beautiful
prick.  My own cocksucker."  Renee kissed John's cheek.
	 I had told Kristie of several fantasies I'd had about John over the
years.  I looked at her and asked, "Everything?"
	She smiled and nodded.  She held up her hand and opened it.  In her
palm was a condom.  "Everything," she replied, smiling.  I kissed her and
our tongues intertwined.  At the same time I felt Renee's tongue join
John's as together they licked my aching cock.
	Over the years, I'd often had fantasies about John.  I had thought
about fucking him and, yes, taking his cock in my ass.  Even during our
sessions of mutual masturbation, thoughts of sucking and fucking had
occurred to me, but I'd never done anything.  I had, though, told
Kristie.  And now I was enjoying the sensation of John's lips and tongue
on my cock, along with his wife's, and Kristie was indicating that I was
going to get to fuck his ass.
	Renee looked at me.  "Yes, David.  John wants you to fuck him..  I
want to watch this splendid prick of yours fuck him.  He can take it,
can't you, John."  He nodded, still sucking my throbbing meat.  "I fuck
him all the time with my strap-on.  He loves it."
	We headed for the bedroom, and Kristie and Renee removed the rest of
their clothes, though Renee kept her garter and stockings on.  Renee got
a tube of  K-Y and she lay down on the bed and instructed John to
straddle her head, facing her feet, so she could watch as I fucked his
ass.  He followed her instructions and she took his cock into her mouth
as she smeared the lube around and inside John's pore.
	Renee handed Kristie the tube, and after we got the condom on, she
stroked some of the slippery stuff on.'	"John, I've had this cock in my
ass before and it's wonderful!  You'll love it."  Kristie did enjoy being
screwed there, and she regularly fucked me with her strap-on.
	Renee positioned the head against John's sphincter and rubbed the knob
around the closed opening.  Kristie stood beside me, one hand caressing
my ass, the other between her legs.  Renee was talking, almost
whispering.
	"Oh, John, this is so incredible.  i wish you could wee this as close
as this.  David's prick needs to get inside, dear.  Relax, relax."
Slowly, John's sphincter did relax and my flared knob eased inside.
	"Ooh, yes-s-s!" Renee hissed.  John groaned and his head dropped
between Renee's legs.  "Oh, God, fuck, yes!" Renee said as my cock
impaled her husband's ass.  I was holding John's hips and felt him
breaking into a sweat.   But then, so was I, more from excitement than
anything.
	Kristie hugged me.  "Happy birthday, David.  Fuck him good."  Her hand
returned to my ass and one of her fingers circled my own sphincter.  My
belly soon met John's flesh, my entire length was firmly embedded in
John's tight, hot channel.  I was smiling, not just from the physical
pleasure I felt, but also the sense that a fantasy I'd had for half my
life was no longer just a dream but was now a reality.=20
	John's voice, muffled from between his wife's thighs, pleaded, "Ah,
fuck my ass, David.  It hurts so good.  Ooh, God, fuck me!"
	"Fuck him, David," Renee urged.
	"Give it to him," Kristie said, making it unanimous.  I had held
still, letting John adjust to my cock.  Renee's fingernails tickled my
balls and I slowly, reluctantly withdrew from the snug opening.  "Lovely,
oh, God," Renee mumbled as she watched, her face only inches from the
connection.
	Soon, John and I had established a regular rhythm.  He exhaled and
groaned each time my cock bottomed out.  With Kristie and Renee adding
their own moans and audible expressions, I was encouraged to increase my
speed.=20
	"Give it to him," Kristie breathed into my ear.
	"Fuck me!" John pleaded.
	"Do it, David," Renee urged.
	I had to cum.  Kristie could tell.  My hips were quickly slamming
John's ass.  With a powerful thrust I sank my cock into his asshole and
felt my cum rush up my shaft and erupt from the slit into the condom's
reservoir.  I could feel John's ass spasm around my cock and he groaned
and gasped, "I'm cumming!"  Kristie's finger slipped inside my anus and
she shuddered and made noises which indicated that she, too, was cumming.
	My cock soon started to lose its firmness and I held onto the condom
as I withdrew from John's ass.  I saw that Renee was sucking John's
cock, though he had evidently shot spunk onto her cheek before her mouth
had captured him.  Kristie removed the condom from my cock and I leaned
down behind my friend and held Renee's head in my hands.  I kissed her
forehead and she let John's limp cock slip from her lips and rolled away
from her.  I licked the warm, salty splash from her cheek and the kissed
her.  My tongue sought and found more jism in her moth, which she shared.
	When we looked up, Kristie had poured the contents of the condom over
her breasts and John was kicking each breast clean of my liquid.  Renee
scurried to John's side to lap my spunk from Kristie's other breast.
Kristie hugged them as they nursed, sucking my man-milk from her pert
tits.
	Renee went out and brought some wet washcloths and we used them to
freshen up and we rested then, entwined on the bed.  We talked of things
we wanted to do with each other and when Renee admitted that she had
never had sex with a woman before, Kristie asked if she would like to try
now.
	"I'd love to, Kristie.  How . . .what?"
	"Just lie back," Kristie said.  She crawled forward and kissed Renee's
full lips, then inched downward, sucking the brown nipples of Renee's
breasts.  Kristie's tongue left a wet trail over Renee's belly as my
lovely young cousin made her way to Renee's moist pussy.  Renee's face
reflected her enjoyment as Kristie pleasured her sex and trilled her
clit.  I felt my cock responding and I noticed that John's pole had
already risen to attention.  I reached over and wrapped my hand around
his shaft.
	"Go ahead, David.  Do it."  Kristie had stopped her oral ministrations
and both she and Renee were smiling, their eyes wide and twinkling.  Yes,
I had wondered what it would have been like to suck John's cock.  I had
never thought of doing it with any other male, only my friend John.  His
cock was hot in my fist.  Blood pulsed in it rapidly.  I bent my head
toward John's cock.  Kristie kept whispering, "Yes, David, yes."  I felt
the heat from the knob when it was still an inch from my parted lips.
	All four of us held our breath.  Silence filled the room as the smooth
knob of John's cock slid over my lower lip.  My tongue met the tip and I
opened my mouth to let his hard-on inside.  It was John who broke the
silence as my tongue wriggled against the nerve bundle underneath his
cock, just behind the glans.  I instinctively knew what would make his
cock feel good.
	"Oh, God!" he gasped.  His hips thrust involuntarily, driving his cock
deeper into my mouth.  It was warm and the flesh tasted clean and good.
	"Yes!" Kristie said.  "Ooh, David, suck it!"
	I was soon on my back and John and I were engaged in a feverish 69,
and I caught a quick glimpse of Kristie hovering over Renee, grinding her
young pussy on Renee's mouth.
	As I mentioned earlier, I'd never given any thought to doing anything
sexual with another male, with the exceptions of my fantasies about my
best friend.  And as a fortieth birthday present, I had John's cock in my
mouth while my cock filled his.  The sounds of two men and the two women
grunting and moaning in pleasure was a delight.
	My tongue twirled around John's cock and I could taste his pre-cum,
just as I knew he could taste mine.  I fondled his balls; he toyed with
mine.  My finger circled his sphincter; his finger circled my pore,
pressing, seeking entry.  I wanted to cum in his moth and, yes, I wanted
him to fill my mouth with his warm seed.   And just as I knew I was close
to exploding, I sensed that John was soon going to slake my thirst.
	I heard Renee wail as Kristie's talented tongue brought her to the
climax she needed.  John had managed to get my entire cock in his mouth
and on each downstroke his throat squeezed at the head, coaxing my
climax.  My finger squirmed into his rectum, still most and receptive
from the ass-fuck I had given him earlier.  I worked my finger around and
massaged where I felt the swell of his prostate.  He followed suit, his
squirming digit encouraging my imminent release.
	"Oh, Renee!" Kristie gasped.  "Cumming!  Oh, . . .cumming!"  John
pumped his cock deep into my mouth, his sac resting on my  nose.  I felt
him swell in my mouth even as my cum left my balls and began the rapid
flow up my shaft.  My spunk poured into his throat even as his juice
fired into the back of my mouth.  I could not have even imagined letting
some guy's cock and jizz anywhere near my mouth, let alone inside it, but
not only had I been sucking on John's cock, but I had enjoyed doing it.
His cum was like a thick soup, warm and slightly salty, and I thought it
was quite good.  That's why I swallowed it.
	We slept for awhile, made plans for them to visit us two days later,
and Kristie and I went home.   We went to bed and held each other.  I
wasn't horny, I just felt like holding the woman I care about.
	"David?" Kristie's voice was soft.
	"Yes."
	"Was that a good present?  I mean, is it all right?  Now that the
fantasy has become real?  Are you okay?"
	"Kristie, I'm fine.  I had always wondered if my fantasies about John
meant I was gay or something, but I think that I won't wonder anymore.
It was fun, I wouldn't mind doing it again, but I love you, even more
now, if that's possible."  We hugged each other tightly.
	"And I love you, David."  Sleep came quickly and found me smiling.


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.why.net/users/mrdouble/htm/authors2.htm

Be There.....
