                              "Dream Team"

                        By Tinker, February 1994



Yelling and laughing, the bunch of cheerleaders returned from their
training session to the locker room. It had been the first outside training
of the season, and they always felt that it had something special. Doing
gymnastics in the sports hall was just hard work, but outside they usually
did other things, like training the various cheers (it felt stupid to yell
in the hall) and all kinds of "dressed rehearsals" and such.

Today, they really had not done anything serious. They did some stretching,
ran around the field for ten minutes, did some more stretching, and that
was about it. Diana, their trainer, had brought in the new costumes for the
coming season and halfway the training someone sneakily opened the boxes
and took a look. Of course, that cancelled the whole training and the girls
had spent the rest of the time just trying the new outfits.

The first thing they did after returning to the locker room was fighting
for a place in front of the mirror, to look at themselves in the new
uniforms. It was an unwritten law that their cheerleader team always had
the same basic type of outfit, with only colour scheme and attributes
changed. A few years ago, some jerk of the school board had tried to change
them over to a kind of one-piece swim suit with rushes, but that proposal
had been violently attacked by everyone then on the team. They all felt
that a cheerleader's uniform just had to be standard. Imagine the players'
uniform being changed by leaving out the paddings or something silly like
that!

For them, "standard" meant long hair, tight sweater-like top with sleeves,
wide, short skirt, and high, tight boots. Variations on the theme were
encouraged as long as these basics were not touched. The new uniforms
featured a blue top with white inset as a kind of decollete from the
shoulders down to their bellies, white skirts, and blue-and-white boots.
The general opinion about this combination was positive, and most girls
liked what they saw in the mirror. Of course, Jane couldn't resist
mentioning that the white part of the top should have been left out, but
that was to be expected of her.

While the other girls still stood in front of the mirror, Melissa and Alice
returned to the pile of boxes and started searching for the missing
attributes. The pompoms they dug up where white and blue as well, as
expected. The white hair lints immediately were thrown around the locker
room and everyone snatched one. When the pile was down to only one, fairly
small box, Melissa took it without opening to the middle of the room and
called for silence. Since there were only three new girls in the team this
year, most girls knew what was going on and quickly they gathered around
the box.

"Alright, who takes the first guess?", Melissa asked. "I'll do", Ann
replied. "Just look at the rest of the uniform. Plain white. Boooring."
Alice countered: "No way, just the opposite. Top to bottom: blue-white-
blue-white-white. Blue is missing. I vote for blue." Cindy and Janice
agreed with her, and voted blue. Jane, as always, claimed it was shocking
pink, but she was ignored. "No black, red, green, turqoise or magenta votes
this year?", Melissa wondered. "Geez. We are getting conservative." That
said, she opened the box and took out a pile of pale blue panties, which
caused rumour and a sense of common agreement among the girls. It was far
better than white, clearly contrasting with their white skirts, not too
sensitive to sand and grass stains, and not too challenging. Jane was
dissapointed and announced she would wear shocking pink when the team got
into the Super Bowl.

Since it was only four o'clock and none of the girls had something else to
do (normally training until at least half past five), the gang decided to
just stay around for a while and have a good time. They had a small part of
the sports building to themselves, and often organised some party there
after the Friday training. The fridge still contained a few bottles and
although they officially denied it, potato chips were abundant. And since
the girls were quite good friends as well, everybody stayed.

Cindy, Jane, Maureen, Alice and Ann took some family packs of chips and two
big bottles of (no diet) Coke and went outside, to enjoy the sun that was
already strong enough to make sitting in it comfortable. Still wearing
their uniforms, they sat down on the grass that bordered to the building.
The bottles and packages went around and quickly the usual gossip came up.

Melissa had been spotted last Saturday evening, dating a local stud, and
being completely drunk. When Cindy and Maureen went home together at about
half past ten that evening, they stumbled upon Melissa and the stud and
silently followed them for a while. Melissa clearly was slightly off the
world, and the stud was making jokes about it. Two times Melissa threatened
him that she would wet herself from laughing about his stupid jokes if he
didn't stop, but the stud either didn't care or didn't understand (probably
the latter). So after the third stupid joke, Melissa laughed hard again,
then suddenly looked down to her short denim skirt and pressed her hands
into her crotch. She stopped laughing, mumbled "Oops" and then started an
uncontrollable giggle. Cindy said she did not know if it came because of
Melissa being stone drunk or just badly needing to pee, but she described
what happened as follows. "Melissa just stopped walking, spread her legs,
bent her knees a bit, and began to piss right there. She didn't just wet
herself by accident, well, maybe at first, but after she put her legs
apart, she sure as hell just peed in the middle of the sidewalk." Jane
frowned. "You mean, she didn't even *try* to take her panties off, or just
squat down?" "Nope. It would have made matters worse, by the way. Her skirt
was so tight that she just couldn't squat without wetting her skirt as
well." Alice asked: "So Melissa just peed in her pants voluntarily?" "Well,
I don't know that, but she surely did not make much trouble out of it.
After she finished, she squeezed her thights together and walked on, still
giggling. When we came to the spot, there was a big puddle, so it was not a
tiny accident."

Alice blinked her eyes and softly said: "I've sometimes wondered how it
would feel to wear wet panties. Do you think Melissa could tell me?"
Maureen shook her head. "No way. She would not remember it, because she was
stone drunk. She probably went to bed still wearing her wet panties." Ann
smiled and said that she liked the idea of wearing wet panties under a
skirt. It would be even more exciting then wearing no panties at all.

Concurrently Alice and Maureen admitted they shared the same thoughts, and
Alice even added that the costumes they wore at the moment would probably
be the best to wear if someone wanted to try. The weather was nice, and she
wore a short skirt, so having wet panties was no real problem. Alice pulled
up her legs, spread her knees and looked at her blue panties. "Does anyone
know how far they get wet if you really have peed in them?", she asked. Ann
crouched to her and with her finger drew a half-circle on Alice's crotch:
"Until about here, I think." Maureen proposed to go inside and wet the
crotch of her panties under the tap, put them on again, and show the
effect. Ann immediately supported the idea, and volunteered to help. Alice
hesitated. "Well... we could of course do that, and it would look good, but
then we still don't know what really happened to Melissa. How it felt. And
ehh... it is quite simple to exactly find out what happens, without any
guessing." She still doubted. Should she just stand upright and piss in her
pants? It seemed quite bold.

There was a short moment of silence. All the five girls looked at
eachother. It was, of course, Jane, who took the decision they all were a
bit reluctant to take. "Listen girls. We all wear a short skirt, have dry
clothes and a shower at hand, and are eager to try something out. I cannot
speak for you, but I'm gonna try it." Alice nodded. "I'm in. I've tried
before, but never dared to really do it. Do you think we should call in the
rest of us, and especially Melissa?" Maureen said: "Just wait with that. It
might turn out to be a fiasco. We all think we like it, but I don't know of
the rest. Just try it first and then go in. I want to see the rest of us
when they discover."

Only Ann and Cindy had not yet agreed to join in. Jane asked them. "Ann, do
you want to join us?" "Yeah, sure, it must be really easy to do it with
these uniforms. I'm not sure I will like it, but I think it will be just
fun, and I certainly want to try it." Remained Cindy, who started the whole
thing by telling the story of Melissa but had been silent since the subject
of wet panties had been brought up. She blushed and looked to the ground.
"I don't know. I told the story because I found it weird, and now you want
me to pee my uniform myself. It is brand new, for God's sake! Should we
really do this? I mean, what if someone discovers?" As an answer, Jane
stood up. "Nobody will. Look at me. I wear a skirt, right? And I wear
panties. Not shocking pink, alas, but boring blue." To illustrate that, she
hiked up her skirt and showed off the new panties. Then, she dropped the
skirt again. "But as long as I leave my skirt down, nobody will see
anything. You see? Come on, it's just your panties, not your whole
uniform." Cindy shook her head. "No. I'm not going to do it. But, if you
don't mind, I would like to see you do it. Please?" All agreed.

Ann, Maureen, Jane and Alice got up, chose a place on the grass, and then
dumbly looked at eachother. This was harder than they expected. How did you
start? Jane grinned, "Geez, it's exciting", and then spread her legs. She
arranged her short white skirt nicely over her hips and wondered where to
leave her arms. They ended up in her sides. Ann followed her example,
putting her boots firmly apart, throwing her long hear over her schoulder,
and looking to Cindy, who still sat down on the grass. "Are you *sure* you
don't want to join us?" Cindy slowly shook her head.

Maureen, who stood with her legs tightly together, hesitated. "I want to
try something else. Just out of curiosity. Spreading my legs would be too
big a giveaway as to what I was doing. I'll do it just this way." She
inched her boots a tiny bit apart, and took the familiar pose of a
cheerleader listening to the national hymne. "Look out for your boots,
Maureen", warned Jane. "They'll get wet". "I don't care. I just want to see
if I can do it this way if it is necessary. Remember the game against the
Vikings?"

Everyone, including Cindy, laughed. During that particular game, Maureen
had been talking to a journalist during the half-time break and did not go
to the toilet. In the second half, she really had trouble holding her pee.
After the game, she rushed to the locker room. "And yes, I admit, I did not
reach the toilet in time. When I passed the showers, I felt it coming. So I
just entered the showers, and even before I could squat down I started to
pee. I stood there for a few seconds, trying to hold, but no way. When I
quickly looked up my skirt I saw a dark stain growing between my legs. So I
squatted down and let it come. I really liked it, and afterwards just went
out to mingle with the crowd." Alice giggled. "I knew. I saw you coming out
of the showers, with your skirt lifted, and then get a towel to dry your
legs." Maureen blushed. Alice decided to follow Maureen in her pose, "Just
to fool around."

Jane looked around the circle of four fully dressed cheerleaders, two with
their legs widely apart. "Alright. There I go." She took a deep breath,
swallowed, checked her skirt again, and then closed her eyes. The other
four girls eagerly watched Jane as she prepared to wet her panties. After a
few seconds, Jane opened her eyes and simply told: "I did it. I really did
it. Geez I can't believe it." She hiked up her skirt and examined her blue
panties. Indeed, there was a big stain in her crotch, and Jane slid with a
finger over it. "Actually, it isn't that wet. Just moist. It feels nice."

Then a dripping sound became noticeable. Jane looked up. "That's not me!"
Ann looked at Alice, Jane looked at Ann, and Alice looked at Maureen.
Maureen did not look at anything. With her legs still together, she was
completely drown into the activity of thoroughly wetting her panties. With
a satisfied smile on her face, she had just imagined that 15,000 people
were watching while she really couldn't hold, and then she opened the
faucet as far as she could. Her stream of pee soaked her panties within a
second, and then dripped from under her tiny skirt down onto her boots,
which made the sound that alerted the others. "Geez Maureen, that's cool,"
Ann said in amazement. "If we had not heard it, we wouldn't have noticed at
all. Your skirt hides it completely." Maureen just said "Hmmm" and
continued to soak her panties. The flow now streamed down the inside of her
legs as well, and Maureen tensioned her ankle muscles to prevent the liquid
from entering her boots. Which only partially succeeded. But she held her
pose to the millimeter, and just smiled, listening to the hymne.

Jane looked at her crotch again, and without putting her skirt down, began
to pee for the second time. The dark blue patch in her panties grew, and
started to glisten in the sunlight. Soon her panties could not hold the pee
anymore and it fell down between her widely spread legs, leaving no trail
on the grass. Jane dropped her skirt and threw her head back, yelling
"Yehaa!" while sticking her arms up in the air.

Ann now couldn't stand it anymore. While meeting the eyes of Maureen, who
still had not finished, she took a deep breath and peed. Not hard, but very
steadily. Trembling of excitement, she felt her warm liquid flow into her
panties, seeking a way out. Maureen must have noticed this, because she
winked to her. Ann sighed again and stroke her skirt, that covered up all
signs of what was going on. Her panties now felt like a warm, moist towel,
and Ann wondered when the fabric would give up and pee would drip down. Not
yet, clearly. So far, so good. More pee. Her hands clutched the hem of her
skirt as she pushed her bladder contents out. Wow, this felt good. With her
legs spread about three feet, she had not to worry about her boots, and she
knew her skirt would not touch her panties. Ann felt completely secure, and
really enjoyed the warm flow of liquid around her crotch. She looked at
Jane, who was already looking at her. Two rather pretty cheerleaders, legs
spread out wide as in a starting position for a cheer, wearing nice little
skirts, pissing the hell out of their panties.

As Alice looked at the three other girls who already had gotten themselves
completely soaked underwear, she thought back to her childhood. It was a
well-kept secret of hers that she had always wanted to pee herself, but
almost never actually had. It also was no accident that she had caught
Maureen wetting her panties in the showers: she had soon guessed why
Maureen was so stressed and just hoped that she couldn't make it to the
toilet. Watching Maureen getting herself some wet panties really excited
her. Alice didn't know when this attention for peeing started, but she
assumed that it began when she was about four, having watched a girlfriend
suddenly squatting and doing a pee on the sidewalk, and clearly still
wearing her panties.

As a child, she twice had set out to wet herself, putting on old panties
and a long, wide skirt, but had backed out both times. The first time her
girlfriend showed up, the second time she had already squatted and was
building up courage to begin when she realised that she simply did not need
to pee. Embarrasing, and enough to spoil the whole enterprise.

Of course she peed through her swimsuit when she could, but her only real
experience had been when she came back home late, horny, and needed to pee
badly. When she put the key in the lock, she suddenly realised that she
needed to pee badly, *and* that she wore a skirt, *and* that nobody was
home, *and* that nobody would see, because it was dark. All pieces of the
puzzle came together. Adrenaline started pumping while she still opened the
door, but then decided to go for it and dropped the keys. Pretending to
pick them up, she squatted down, pulled her long skirt up over her knees,
and peeked at her panties. While still doubting to start or not, nature
decided for her, and she began to wet herself. Because it was too dark she
couldn't see anything under her skirt, and being glad that at least she now
finally had wet panties, she pushed back her skirt over her knees and
simply enjoyed the feeling of warm pee streaming into her panties. She
enjoyed it so much that she couldn't resist reaching under her skirt and
stroking her clit through her still leaking panties. She came within five
seconds and had sore muscles for three days afterwards.

Alice looked at Jane, Ann, and Maureen, who were busy doing exactly what
she had wanted to do for so long. Jane did it violently, with a lot of show
and her panties exposed. Ann plainly enjoyed it, just wetting herself
calmly under her skirt, but did not try to hide it because she had her
boots far apart. Maureen still was secretly wetting herself in front of
15,000 people. Alice felt her skin glowing as she watched her girlfriends.
Now she finally would fully and completely pee her panties, dressed up in
her working uniform. Eagerly she put her legs a foot apart and started to
count down from five.

"Hello sneakers. Going outside with the chips, huh?" The four girls crudely
awoke out of their wet dreams and looked disturbed at Melissa and Janice,
who had come out of the building in search for more to eat. There was a
silence of three seconds, only broken by the dim sound of dripping. Janice
did not immediately understand the situation, said "What the..." and looked
slowly around. To Jane, who still had her arms up in the air and therefore
showed off a bit of very wet panties. To Ann, who stood in a pose that
could only mean one thing to every girl in the world. To Maureen, who still
smiled, realising that 15,000 and 15,002 makes no difference at all. To
Alice, who was trapped in the middle of the most glorious moment in her
life until now, and still had no wet panties, dammit. And to Cindy, who
silently sat down on the grass against the wall, with a red face, trying to
cover up that her hands had been between her legs.

Melissa just said: "Wow! That looks cool, girls. Can I join in?" She
promptly stepped forward and with no trace of hesitation spread her legs,
wiped her hair out of her face, and looked to Janice. "Come on, Janice! It
is just a game. To celebrate the spring and our new uniforms, I suppose. In
praise of Coca Cola ltd. Hallelujah!" Even while she spoke, pee streamed
from under her skirt and she wiggled her hips, drawing a circle on the
grass. "Hmmm. Nice weather today. And this uniform is just as good as the
former three. Maybe the skirt is a bit short. I'll have to be more careful
this year. Panties feel good, however. Really good, I dare to say." And
then she just started to pee harder, so the girls could hear the pee
hissing into Melissa's panties.

Janice still did not completely understand. Ten seconds ago, she suddenly
discovered four of her girlfriends fully dressed in brand-new uniforms and
acting like babies. One of her girlfiends had been very busy embarassing
herself. And the sixth friend just had wet herself like a pro in less time
than she needed to say "Hello". Well. It certainly was a surprise.

Alice looked at Janice and almost exploded with anger. "Oh no! You're not
going to stop me! I wanted to get myself wet panties for a zillion years
and I will get them, no matter what." Janice nodded, not understanding. "Oh
yeah. Do what you like. I won't stop you. I think." She fumbled with her
skirt. "In fact, I ehh..." She looked at Alice, who still stood with her
legs apart but clearly did not yet wet herself, and then to Cindy, who had
scrambled to her feet and was busy putting her skirt decently down. Janice
blinked her eyes. "It seems I am the only one left. Do you really just put
your legs apart and pee? Right through your panties? Without even lifting
your skirt? Is it fun?"

The whole gang of cheerleaders now bursted out in laughter and gathered
around Janice, who soon found herself overloaded with good advice and
technical details. In the mean time, Alice shook her head and walked away
from the scene, still wearing perfectly dry blue panties under her teasing
skirt, and horny as hell. She couldn't resist to look up her skirt to see
if her panties were maybe wet from some other kind of liquid. Nope. She
still had the chance to do it properly: in dry panties. While the gang
still was laughing and advising Janice on how to wet herself, Alice stroke
her breasts, went down to her skirt, and stroke her clit through her skirt
and panties. Then she turned around and put her legs apart. And looked
right into the eyes of Cindy, who had silently followed her.

"Please?", was all what Cindy said. Alice nodded. They embraced and put
their right thigh firmly into the crotch of eachother. Cindy remembered to
pull up their skirts, so that they would not get wet. Their blue-pantied
crotches were soon hugging together, and with a moan of pleasure, Alice let
escape the pressure of fifteen years of eager expectation. While her fellow
cheerleader grabbed Alice's buttocks under her skirt, Alice finally pissed
in her pants. It was absolutely fabulous, and her warm, moist panties
increased the friction between her crotch and Cindy's. In the mean time,
Cindy felt Alice starting to pee, and this was the last thing she needed to
convice herself that even new uniforms can be spoiled. With a sigh of
relief, she let go, and added a load of warm pee to the already visible
moist in her panties. The two girls now peed together, and started to grind
their crotches until they both had an orgasm that lasted a minute.

The gang now was finished instructing Janice and backed off, forming a
circle around her. She now stood in a mixture of all poses she had seen:
her high boots about two feet apart, her knees not locked but slightly
bent, her white skirt carefully modeled to reveal nothing but cover as
little as possible, her left arm in her left side, her right arm casually
hanging down, her top pulled tightly over her breasts, and her long hair
left over her shoulder to the front, right just hanging down to halfway her
back. The gang complimented itself with the result: Janice now was the most
beautiful cheerleader they had ever seen and boy, she would wet herself to
another planet. Janice smiled, imagined the pale-blue panties between her
legs, looked at Ann whose skirt hid her soaked panties, looked at Maureen
whose boots were full of little drops, and nodded.

The gang held their breath, and Janice started. It took six seconds for her
to get some pee into her panties, and six more seconds to overload them.
When the pee started to flow onto the grass, the whole gang cheered and
Janice felt an exciting urge to push really hard. She pushed so hard that
she could almost feel her pee jetting through the fabric of her panties and
touching her skirt. But no, Jane had carefully arranged her skirt so that
it was just one millimeter below her panties and the jet went forward
unabashed. Instead of right under her, the stream fell down half a foot in
front, which lead to common approvement.

After all this enjoyment, all seven girls took out the drinks and chips and
gathered on the field. Their uniforms were completely fitted for this and
nobody even thought of changing. Sitting and standing against the wall,
they chatted and giggled as usual, and it was in this state that their
trainer, Diana, found them after coming back from the coordination center
where she had planned the use of the main sports hall for the next season.

"Hi girls, still enjoying your new uniforms? They sure look good!" Diana
did not quite understand the uncontrollable burst of laughter she
encountered. "Well, Di, we have to say that these uniforms are absolutely
and completely fulfilling our deepest wishes," Jane announced formally.
Diana frowned. "How do you mean? What did I do wrong?" "Well," Maureen
added, "you never taught us what to do in case of a disaster." More
giggling. "???", Diana's eyebrows signalled. Maureen continued. "A disaster
like needing to pee while out on the field." Diana shrugged. "If you really
have to go and you cannot sneak out, just do it into your panties." Being
used to receiving disgust and disbelief to this sarcastic old joke of hers,
Diana now really wondered why the girls suddenly had to laugh really hard.

Jane, of course, had the idea. She started to walk around Diana and
signalled the other girls to follow. Soon Diana was surrounded by mean-
looking cheerleaders, which she partly enjoyed and partly frowned upon.
Jane opened the attack: "Well, Diana, since you apparently have much
experience 'just doing it into your panties', we would like to see some
example. So we know how to do it when it happens to us." Diana was
startled. "What... how... but... but of course this was a joke, do you
understand? You don't think I meant it, do you?" Maureen gave Diana an evil
grin. Diana helplessly looked at Ann, who seemed the least militant of the
girls, and said to her: "But nobody of you has ever really had troubles on
the field, haven't you? This is just a joke, isn't it?" Ann smiled her most
pleasant smile, and Diana relaxed a bit. Then, Ann lifted her skirt and
revealed her soaked blue panties. "You see? Of course this is a joke." Now
all the girls showed off their wet underwear and Jane winked at Diana: "A
trainer has to lead her team over hills and through valleys, and sometimes
even through rivers."

Diana sighed and looked to the ground. Alright, she thought. Another bunch
of girls that have discovered themselves. Last time this had happened five
years ago, but the whole team had been renewed since then. She took a deep
breath and addressed the team. "Listen. I know this. I used to do this
myself when I was a cheerleader, and I enjoyed it. Really. But that was ten
years ago. I stopped, and I never thought of introducing it to you. You
discovered it yourself. Good. Enjoy it, do it whenever and whereever you
like, but don't expect me to follow." She looked around, and met a few
dissapointed eyes. "Understood?" Seven girls nodded, and the skirts went
down again.

Diana continued. "So for this one and only occasion, and because it is
spring, and because I just had a hell of a time getting the hall for you
every Friday, I will show you how it *really* is done." It was silent for
one second, and then a huge "Hurray" sounded over the field. Diana smiled
and inspected her clothes. She wore her normal outfit, which consisted of a
sweater and a skirt down to her knees. Because of the warm weather, she had
no pantyhose on and walked on bare feet in clogs. Not too bad. She slipped
out of her clogs and put them aside. The cheerleaders made room and eagerly
followed all her movements. Diana pointed to her skirt and told: "You see,
squatting is difficult with this skirt." To demonstrate it, she actually
squatted, and her skirt just followed her thighs and would not fall down. It
did, however, open up the way for the girls to look at Diana's panties and
Jane yelled: "You see that shocking pink is not *that* strange." Diana
sighed and tried to remember what had brought her to put on pink panties
under a red-and-yellow skirt. Top-of-the-pile, probably.

Anyway, she rose to her feet again and taught: "Since I cannot squat with
this skirt, I have to stand up, and that is more fun anyway." The girls
agreed. Diana put her legs a bit apart and put her hands behind her back.
"Just don't do something that reveals your intention. Do normal." Ann
nodded, and parted her boots. Diana immediately shifted her attention to
Ann, directed her to put her boots closer together, and explained that
wearing a short skirt made spreading your legs far more visible. Maureen
started to move as well, and was put into the correct pose by Diana. Cindy
and Alice slipped their hands under their skirts.

"Look out what you do with your hands. Ann, not in your sides. It is too
revealing. If you have pompoms, just hold them in front of you. In this
case, here, hold this," and she tossed a bag of potato chips to Ann. "Just
generally try do do as if you are just waiting." Diana herself looked at her
watch, looked at the sky, put her left hand in the pocket of her skirt, and
started fiddling with her hair. Maureen poked her nose. "Right. And then,
you just go."

Ann and Maureen clearly waited for Diana to go first. She smiled, and
started to walk. Amazed the girls made room. Diana walked a few meters,
turned around, and pointed into the distance. "Look, a helicopter". The
girls looked, but there was nothing to see. When they looked back to Diana,
she had her right hand above her eyes to cut off the sunlight and still
looked to the point in the distance. But her legs suddenly were a foot
apart. Diana blinked her eyes, and a familiar little stream emerged from
under her skirt. While still peeing, Diana arched back and put her arms in
her neck. "Ahhh. Good to be back." She smiled, looked down to her skirt,
and asked herself why she had stopped peeing her panties at all. Still
being completely in control, she decided to increase the pressure on her
bladder to get some more flow into her underwear. The cheerleaders wondered
about the remarkable ease with which Diana seemed to play her naughty game.
They themselves wore very short skirts and special panties, and had their
real clothes at hand. But Diana actually wore her own clothes, with a
normal, long skirt, and was pissing in her normal panties that she had worn
and would be wearing the rest of the day. If necessary, she would not even
have taken her clogs off. She would just start peeing when the President
passed. And she really liked it.

Now Ann, still eating chips, started to wet her panties again, and her
graceful legs soon were the sentinels of another waterfall. Maureen now for
the first time experienced the feeling of pee freely gushing into her
panties but not flowing down along her legs, so she was somewhat startled
by the effect. She looked down in amazement and clearly liked it.

When Diana had finished pushing the contents of her bladder into her
panties, she walked to the building wall. "Alright, do you still have
drinks left?" Arrived at the spot, she hiked up her skirt, revealing
thoroughly soaked pink panties, and sat down. The cheerleaders gathered
around her, soon followed by Ann and Maureen who wanted to finish their
private enjoyment first. The whole gang stayed there until long after six,
when the sun dropped behind the horizon and they realised that they had to
go home for dinner real soon. Quickly the girls undressed and showered
(with the exception of Diana, of course), and slipped into their normal
clothes. Three girls wore skirts, and clearly were very pleased with them.
They all went their way, and knew the next cheerleader training was only
two days away.
