DAD AND THE COACH

by Joe Troutt

Buck Johnson had been athletic director and head coach at Leeville High
for seven years and had gained the admiration of not only the students
but the parents, faculty and administration as well due to his
transformation of the Leeville Rams football team.  Perennial losers in
their district, they were now contenders nearly every year and had been
state champs the past two years.  Placques and awards lined his office
and he was damn proud of them.

Coach Johnson didn't take any shit from any of his players; they toed
the line or they were off the team.  Period.  No exceptions.  And the
coach demanded absolute respect and the boys did.  All of the girls
were in love with the 45 year old coach, and there was good reason.

Coach Johnson wasn't handsome in the traditional sense.  He had not
only been a football player in college but a powerlifter as well, and
still had the body to match.  At 6'5" and 275 pounds, he was most
definately a man's man.  Brown hair and a perpetual tan rounded out the
look, which was very intimidating to most of the students at the
school.  A gruff demeanor and mean dis- position, as well as a
reputation for discipline, kept his players in line.

------------------------------------------------------------------

The coach was doing some paperwork in his private office one day when
he received a desperate phone call from Ed Sawyer, the father of Bobby
Sawyer, one of his best wide receivers on the team.

"Coach, I need to talk with ya.  About Bobby." Mr. Sawyer said.

"What's the matter, Ed?  Somethin' wrong?"

"I think I better come to your office and talk.  It's pretty serious.
When's a good time?"

"How about this afternoon?  I'll have the assistants supervise practice
while you and I talk.  That sound ok?"

"Sure, coach.  About 4:30?  That's the earliest I can make it."

"Great, Ed.  See ya then."  The coach hung up the phone.  He was
concerned; he hadn't noticed anything wrong with the boy, certainly not
in the playing department.  He had caught two touchdown passes in the
last game and had really played his heart out.  Coach Johnson shook his
head and finished his paperwork.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Ed Sawyer showed up promptly at Coach Johnson's office around 4:30.
The two men shook hands, exchanged greetings, and Bobby's father took a
chair in front of the coach's desk.

"So what's the problem, Ed?  Bobby get some gal pregnant?"

Ed shook his head.  Big and burly himself, the owner of the largest
construction company in town looked extremely puzzled.  "Mind if I
light up this stogie?" he asked, holding up a fat cigar.  The coach
nodded, indicating that it was alright.

"I kinda wish that was the problem, coach.  Bobby's been acting, well,
funny lately."

"Must be pretty bad, Ed.  Whaddaya mean, 'funny'?" said the coach.

"Coach, I'm gonna be honest with ya.  Since I've been divorced the last
five years and the business has been boomin', I just ain't had much
time for the kid.  I don't know where I done wrong."  Ed Sawyer
continued shaking his head.

"Dammit, Ed....get to the point.  What's been going on with Bobby?" The
coach was beginning to get impatient.

"Well, the other day, I was takin' a shower after I got home from
work.  I didn't put no shorts on or nothin', ya know...I've always been
kinda casual around the house...anyways, I went to the kitchen to get a
beer and Bobby was watchin' the TV in the living room when I passed
through.  He stared at my fuckin' crotch, coach!  He denies it, but I
seen it!  I think my son is a fuckin' queer!"

Now it was Coach Johnson's turn to shake his head in disbelief.  Bobby
Sawyer would be the last for him to suspect as being a queer.

"What am I gonna fuckin' do, coach?"

"I dunno, Ed.  It's pretty damn obvious that there needs to be a little
bit more discipline in the kid's life.  When was the last time you
taught him a good lesson?  Spanked him?"  His eyes wandered to the big
paddle on the wall marked COACH.

"Shit, he's 17 now...hell, I guess it's been about three years now."

"THREE YEARS!" exclaimed the coach.  "No fucking wonder he's turning
queer.  He needs an old-fashioned walloping, that's what he needs.  Let
me call him off the field.  We'll take care of him right here and
now!"  With that, the coach left Bobby's father in his office and
marched to the edge of the practice field.

"SAWYER.  In my office.  On the double!" he barked.  "NOWWW!"

Bobby ran to the coach's office with a bewildered look his face.  He
was scared.  No one got called into the coach's office unless it was to
be disciplined...and big football players had walked out afterwards
reduced to tears.  Bobby was not looking forward to that experience.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

"Dad!" Bobby exclaimed, when he saw his father in Coach Johnson's
office.  "What are you ---"

"Shuddup, Sawyer!" the coach barked.  "Get down and do twenty pushups,
and count'em out!"

Bobby immediately obeyed the massive, hairy coach.  "One, two..."

"Louder!"

"Five...six..." Bobby continued, a little louder.

"I can't hear you!" the burly coach said in a sing-song voice.

The boy continued doing pushups and counted them out as loud as he
could.  Finally, he was finished and looked at the coach for further
instruction.

"OK, Bobby.  Stand here by my desk.  I gotta ask ya a few questions,
and I don't want no fuckin' smart-alecky answers.  Understand?"

"Yes sir!"

"Your dad is concerned about you.  Says you been checkin' out his
pecker.  That true?"

Bobby looked at the floor and remained silent.

"ANSWER ME, GODDAMMMIT!"

"Y-y-y-e-ssssir," the boy stammered, clearly embarrassed.

"Are you a queer, boy?"

"I gggguess I am, coach.  I can't help it.  Dad walks aroun' the house
all nekkid and stuff, and, well...it gets my pecker hard."

"Ed, looks like you were right.  Well, sorry if I doubted you for a
minute.  Hey, look at the kid.  He's gettin' hard with all this talk
about dick!"

Ed looked at his son, wearing only a gray workout shirt and shorts with
a jock, and football cleats.  The bulge was getting pretty evident even
though it was half protected by the jockstrap.  "Yeah, you're right,
coach.  He's fuckin' turned on by dick!"

"Ed," said the coach.  "What say we give him a little of what he
wants?  That way, it could help him to decide if he really wants dick
after all?"

Mr. Sawyer agreed.  "Sounds like a winner to me, coach.  You're the
coach, and you've had ta deal with these kinda problems before."

"Bobby, take off your clothes and get down on your knees.  You're gonna
get a closer look on what you've been wantin' here lately," said the
powerfully built coach.

Bobby didn't waste any time.  As he got undressed, the men shucked off
their excess clothing.  The coach down to his jock, and Bobby's dad
down to his boxer shorts.

Ed puffed on his cigar and looked at his son.  He was really wanting
this, he could tell.  OK, thought Ed.  He's gonna find out for sure if
he wants it now.

Bobby got down on his knees in front of the men and couldn't believe
what he was seeing in front of him...his dad and his football coach,
nearly naked...his dick immediately grew all the way hard and stood up
on its own.

"Ed, you go first.  Bobby, reach into your father's shorts and pull out
that pecker."

Bobby wasted no time diving in the open fly of his father's boxers and
feeling for the huge cock that he had seen many times.  He felt the
massive length of the huge, thick uncut cock and pulled it through the
hole.

"Damn, Ed," said the coach.  I didn't know you were related to a
fuckin' horse!", the coach joked.  "Yeah, the ladies don't complain at
all, coach," Mr. Sawyer laughed.

"Bobby, start sucking on your dad.  Pull back the foreskin on his dick
and lick around on the head for a minute.  That's good.  That-a boy.
Lick your father's purple dickhead.  That's it.  Make him feel good!"
The coach was getting excited.  He'd done this many times, but never
with the kid's dad around!

Ed Sawyer groaned and involuntarily started grabbed the kid's ears and
began a humping motion with his hips.  "Damn, son...if I'd a known you
were this fuckin' good, I mighta let you suck me some at home!"

Bobby thrilled at his dad's words and started putting the massive
dickhead all the way in his mouth.  This was really getting the kid
turned on, and his own cock was leaking precum already.  He caught a
glimpse of the coach out of the corner of his eye.  The coach's cock
was every bit as big as his dad's!  He watched the coach's big balls
swaying slowly as he jacked his cock while watching Bobby suck his
father off.

"Start taking more in your mouth.  Gotta learn ya good, boy.  Do like
you're gonna yawn real big, that'll let you start taking it down your
throat.  How's it feelin', Ed?  He doin' ok?"

"Damn, I ain't had a good blowjob in a long time.  He's doin' great!"

Bobby started to gag, and his father pulled out some and waited.  Then,
he got the rhythm started again and he got used to more cock down his
throat until he had taken nearly all of the huge root.

As Bobby continued sucking his burly dad, the coach got an idea.  He
reached for the paddle on the wall, and walked towards the sucking
boy.  "Ed, we still gotta give him that spanking.  He's overdue, ya
know."

Mr. Sawyer was in no position to object, with all eight and a half
thick inches of his cock down his son's throat.  "Go ahead...do what ya
gotta do, coach."  He continued the obscene thrusting without further
ado.

"Bobby, I'm gonna whack ya, but it's for your own fuckin' good," the
coach leered.  He watched the boy's muscular butt tremble.  But Bobby
would not stop sucking.

"WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK!" the coach beat the boy's
butt until it was beet red, about forty times in all.  Bobby was
clearly hurting, but he didn't miss a stroke as he continued gobbling
his dad's big dick.  The coach reached for the KY jelly and stuck some
in the boy's crack, lubing it up for his cock.  "Now, I'm gonna fuck
your little chicken ass, boy.  Get ready for a butt-fuckin' you'll
never forget!"

The coach slapped more jelly on his huge cock, then placed the cockhead
next to the boy's tight sphincter and pushed.  "Damn, Ed.  He's done
this before.  He ain't even cherry!"

Ed Sawyer watched in disbelief as Coach Johnson's huge manmeat invaded
his son's asshole.

"It's still tight, though!  Damn, I think he knows what he's doin'!"
The coach watched the boy push back with his ass, and soon he had all
the coach's thick inches up his tail.  Bobby started wiggling his ass
to meet the coach's thrusts, jacking his own cock, and sucking his
dad's cock.  It was getting to be too much, and all three of them were
getting close to cumming.

"Coach!  Shit!!!  He's makin' me shoot my load!!!  AW SHIT!!!!  He's
makin' me...shooo....SHIIIIIIIIIIIITTT!  AAAAGH!"  Ed bucked his hips
hard, shoved his cock all the way down his son's throat and shot jet
after jet of thick jism.  The huge dickhead was buried and Bobby could
feel it pulse as each cumshot escaped from the tip buried in his
teenage throat.

"Damn!!!  ED!!!  ME FUCKIN' TOO!", the coach exclaimed, his breathing
ragged.  "Fuckin' shit, yeah!  UP YOUR BUTT, KID!  YOUR FUCKIN' BUTT!"

The coach shoved his cock all the way in and out on the last few
strokes and smacked the boy's asscheeks as his powerful orgasm
approached.  "YEAH!  RIGHT FUCKIN NOW!  GODDDAMMM!!!" The coach busted
his balls and shot so much cum that it ran out of the boy's ass and
down his legs.  Just then, Bobby's cock erupted and he experienced his
own orgasm.

--------------------------------------------------------------

"Well, Ed...I think this is gonna improve your home life from now on.
Need any more discipline, let me know!", Coach Johnson said.  He mussed
Bobby's head with his hand and they all laughed.  "The team's already
gone and so has everyone else.  Let's all hit the shower and get
cleaned up!"

The men headed towards the shower room.

THE END
