     Damage to the Rear

     Edward Marshall walked through the station car park
towards his car thinking of his day out in London.  Suddenly
he was shocked out of his reverie as he heard a loud crash
just where he remembered leaving his car.  Looking up he saw a
red Fiesta driven by a young woman who was obviously finding
difficulty in manoeuvring out of her parking spot.  As he
watched her car bumped into his Volvo again with a shudder,
and then a tinkle of falling glass.

     Mr Marshall broke into a run but the Fiesta was finally
free and it swept past him.  He caught a closer glimpse of the
fair haired woman driver, but she disregarded his calls to
stop and drove straight past him out of the car park.  He
managed to memorise part of her car's registration number.  It
was an A reg and ended in FKM.  Then, intensely angry, he
walked up to his car and inspected the damage.

     There was a bad dent in the rear end of the car and a
rear light and a reversing light had been smashed.  Mr
Marshall cursed.  Anybody can have an accident, but this woman
must have known what she'd done and she hadn't stopped, just
driven away.  Before his retirement, the year before, Mr
Marshall had been deputy headmaster of a comprehensive school. 
Now he devoutly wished that he was still there and that the
woman driver had been one of his pupils.  He would have made
sure that it was a long time before she felt like sitting
down!

     Putting such thoughts aside Mr Marshall drove off.  He
reported what had happened to the police because he supposed
that if he didn't he would not be able to claim on the
insurance.  The police told him that the woman had committed a
crime by not stopping after the accident and that they would
keep a look out for her.  As he went through his story Mr
Marshall had had an idea in his head that the glimpse he had
had of the woman's face had been familiar, somehow, but he
could not think how and he said nothing of it.

     The following day, driving around the town centre, Mr
Marshall kept his eyes open for an A registration Fiesta with
FKM in the number.  Almost to his surprise he saw one!  There
it was parked outside Boots in the High Street.  He parked
around the corner and walked back to the car.  There was no
doubt about it, he could see the dent in the front bumper and
white paint scraped off his Volvo.  On the off chance Mr
Marshall waited, concealing himself in a nearby telephone box.

     After about five minutes he was rewarded by the sight of
an attractive young woman approaching the car.  As she did so
he recognised her.  Vivien Forster!  She had been a pupil at
his school in the old days and, although he had never caned
her, she had had a very narrow escape indeed on one occasion. 
He stepped out and confronted her.

     As soon as she saw him the 25 year old Vivien knew what
it was about.  She had recognised her former teacher in the
car park the previous day.  But she didn't admit anything.

     "Hello, Mr Marshall," she said, "fancy meeting you
again!"

     "Vivien Forster, isn't it?  And I think we almost met
yesterday!"

     Ignoring the second part of this speech Viv said
brightly, "No, it's Booth now - I'm married!" and she waved
her wedding ring in front of the ex-teacher's eyes.

     Mr Marshall did not waste any time in telling Vivien why
he had been waiting for her.  He told her that he had informed
the police and that she had committed an offence and been
completely irresponsible.  At the mention of the police Vivien
quietened down considerably.  She tried to explain to Mr
Marshall that they didn't need to be involved, but he
explained that he'd already given them what he could remember
of her number.

     At this point there was a pause.  Vivien and Mr Marshall
were both remembering the last time they had met, ten years
earlier.  Viv and a friend of hers, Shirley Foster, had been
sent to him for the cane.  Shirley had accepted her six
strokes stoically enough, it had by no means been her first
time for the cane, but Viv had made such a fuss, bursting into
tears and absolutely refusing to bend over, that in the end Mr
Marshall had let her off with lines and a detention.

     Ever since Vivien had been ashamed of her behaviour on
that occasion.  All her friends had called her a coward and
Shirley had never afterwards been so friendly to her.  Viv had
often wondered since what Mr Marshall's cane would have felt
like across her bottom but had long since realised, with an
odd mixture of relief and disappointment that she would never
know.  Now she wondered if she could possibly find out and, at
the same time, achieve her objective of keeping the police out
of the matter and retaining her clean driving licence.

     And similar thoughts were in Mr Marshall's mind.  Vivien
had changed considerably from the tearful, scrawny fifteen
year old he remembered.  She still had the same light
reddish-brown hair, but now it was beautifully styled to
delicately encase her softly pretty face.  Her figure was very
attractive and was well shown off by her tight lime green
skirt and top.

     Vivien came out with it first.  "I know I've been stupid,
Mr Marshall, but couldn't you punish me yourself.  I bet you
kept that old cane, didn't you?"

     As it happened Mr Marshall had.  But he was not sure how
serious Viv really was.  "Don't be silly, Vivien.  I remember
when you were sent to me for the cane at school!  You wouldn't
accept a caning even then, so don't tell me you would now. 
And what about your husband?"

     "I know I'm a coward, but I deserve to be punished and
I'd rather have a sore bottom than have to stand up in court. 
And I'm sure Andrew won't have any objections.  He's often
said I deserve a good spanking, though he's never done
anything about it yet."

     Mr Marshall was delighted to agree to the suggestion.  He
gave Vivien his address and told her to be there at two
o'clock the following Saturday, when his wife would be away. 
He said that she could bring her husband along as a witness if
she wanted to and warned her that it would not just be a
caning.  First he intended to warm up her bottom with a sound
slippering and then give her a full six of the best.  At
school all the girls' punishments had been over underclothes
and he told her that he would allow her to wear panties to
preserve her modesty, but that he expected them to be small
ones which would not provide excessive protection.  If, in his
view, they were unsuitable he would insist on them coming
down!

     Vivien agreed to everything and they parted, Mr Marshall
reminding her that if she didn't keep the appointment he would
tell the police where to find her.

     That Saturday Andrew drove Vivien to Mr Marshall's
address.  As Viv had expected he was not displeased at the
news that his wife's former teacher proposed to cane her
bottom.  He loved his wife but he had often thought that a
good smacked bottom would do her a lot of good.  He'd never
understood how she'd managed to get through her time at
Ambrose Street School without ever getting the cane or even
the slipper.  And he was rather annoyed at the thought that he
was going to have to pay for the repairs to the Fiesta
himself, as they could not claim on the insurance.

     Viv didn't say anything to Andrew as they drove along. 
She was very worried about what she had let herself in for. 
The caning she had wriggled out of ten years earlier would
only have been three strokes and now she was going to get a
full six, and a slippering as well!  As the car drew to a halt
she let out a deep sigh.

     "Don't worry, darling!" said Andrew, hugging her closely. 
"It will hurt but it'll all be over then.  Be brave!"  Vivien
kissed Andrew back and said, "I'm sorry for what I did, love. 
I deserve what's coming to me, and I'll try to be brave and
not let you down."

     They got out of the car.  As they stood on the pavement
outside Mr Marshall's house Andrew looked at his wife. 
Sometimes he could not believe his good luck in having such a
lovely woman for his wife.

     She was petite, a little over five foot tall, but with a
marvellous figure and a pretty face, usually smiling - but
now, understandably, not - crowned with that beautiful curly
light reddish-brown hair.  Today she was wearing a very short
black mini-skirt.  Andrew had advised her to wear this as it
would ride up her bottom when she bent and thus obviate the
need for her to remove her skirt.  She wore no panty hose or
stockings, just a pair of very brief black panties.

     He took her in his arms and kissed her.  As their lips
met his hands explored lower and lower on Vivien's back until
they tenderly caressed her about-to-be-caned bottom.  He felt
her squirm away and released her from his hug.  "Just be
brave!" he said.  "Really it's no more than you should have
got years ago!"  He knocked on the door.

     Mr Marshall opened the door and ushered the two
youngsters into the front room.  Andrew immediately saw a
large plimsoll placed rather incongruously on the coffee table
with a cane next to it.  This was shorter and thinner than the
one he remembered from his own schooldays, but it still looked
capable of imparting a wicked sting to naughty bottoms.  Viv's
eyes had followed Andrew's glance.  She turned paler as she
saw the instruments of retribution awaiting her.  Andrew took
hold of her hand.

     Mr Marshall sat down in one of the two armchairs and
invited Andrew to do likewise.  Vivien had to remain standing. 
The former teacher gave the blushing twenty-five year old a
good telling off.  Finally he rose.  Viv was too short to bend
over the back of the armchair as he had originally intended,
so Mr Marshall instructed her to bend over the side of the
chair instead.  In this position, as expected, the short skirt
rode up completely, exposing her curvy bottom clad only in
tiny black panties.  Nevertheless Mr Marshall firmly pinned it
into place with a safety pin to make sure that it would stay
in place.  But he was still not satisfied.

     "Come over here, Andrew," he requested, "I want you to
adjust your wife's underclothing for me!"

     Viv was too scared to say anything but Andrew protested
on her behalf.  "Come on Mr Marshall.  Those briefs are
minuscule!  They don't protect her at all!"

     But Mr Marshall was implacable.  He wanted to make sure
that Vivien's punishment really got home to her.  So Andrew
had to give way and pull the briefs tight over Viv's tender
flesh until they disappeared in her bottom cleft.  When he had
finished her backside was, to all intents and purposes,
completely bare.

     Mr Marshall addressed Vivien: "You will count each whack
as it is administered.  If you do not do so, or if you get up
before the final whack, which will be number eight, you will
receive additional whacks.  Do you understand?"

     The frightened girl nodded her head several times,
quickly.  Mr Marshall raised the slipper.  It fell on to the
centre of Vivien's left buttock.

     WHACK!!

     "Oooowww!  Oooowww!"

     Mr Marshall had not hit her with as much force as he
could have, but he was not letting her off lightly either.  He
had brought down the slipper as though she had been a naughty
senior girl at school sent to him for punishment.  Vivien's
first ever experience of the slipper stung, and she yelled out
loud.  Andrew had to nudge before she remembered that she had
to count.  Then she said "One!" in a quavering voice.

     Viv's delicate skin reddened quickly and by the time the
fourth whack had landed both her cheeks were completely
scarlet and she was in tears.  But Mr Marshall did not let up
and he continued to spank her squirming bottom with full
force.  Vivien bravely stayed in position and counted after
each stroke, though towards the end the numbers sounded almost
like gasps of pain.

     Finally Mr Marshall walloped down the last whack,
cracking it down hard onto the red and tender right cheek of
Vivien's bottom.  Viv yelled once more at the sting.

     "Aaoow!  Eight!  Owwwcch!  Owww!"

     Then the girl stood upright and danced around the room,
hands clasping her sore bottom, fingers splayed.  Mr Marshall
watched this performance impassively for a few moments.  Then
he put the gym shoe back down on the coffee table and picked
up the cane.  "Right," he said, "let's get started on part
two!"

     Just at that moment the doorbell rang.  Mr Marshall
looked shocked.  He took the cane and the gym shoe and hid
them under the settee.  Then he went out, closing the door to
the room.  Vivien felt relieved at her sudden escape from an
imminent caning, but hoped that the visitors wouldn't come
into the room.  She could hardly keep her hands away from her
sore bottom and she knew her face was also bright red.  Andrew
quickly undid the safety pin and Viv smoothed her skirt down
with a suppressed squeak.  Andrew dried her tears with his
handkerchief and told her that she'd been very brave so far.

     Then the door opened again and Mr Marshall appeared,
followed by a woman in her mid-thirties, who seemed very hot
and bothered, and a worried looking young girl of about
thirteen or fourteen.  Mr Marshall made the introductions. 
The woman was his daughter-in-law, Margaret, and the young
girl was his granddaughter, Tina.  

     Margaret seemed a bit put out at finding Vivien and
Andrew, whom Mr Marshall described as a former pupil of his
and her husband, in her father's front room.  Viv tried to
hide the fact that she'd just been crying and luckily both
Margaret and Tina had other things on their minds.  Mr
Marshall asked his daughter why she had called round so
unexpectedly.

     Obviously still very angry, the red-faced woman
explained.  She had been doing some shopping with her daughter
and Tina had been very naughty.  She had kept running off and
had constantly asked for things that she knew her mother had
not got the money to buy.  Also she had refused to help
Margaret to carry any of the shopping bags.  Finally the
harassed mother had warned her child that if she didn't start
to behave herself properly she would take her to her
grandfather's house on the way home to be punished.

     Tina had not taken advantage of this last chance and so
her mother had carried out her threat.  She said "This little
madam needs a good lesson, dad.  If I tell David what she's
been up to he'll take his slipper to her, but he always lets
her off too lightly - he thinks she's made of glass!  I know
you'll give her what she deserves!"

     Mr Marshall turned to Tina.  "Well, young lady!  Have you
anything to say for yourself?"

     Tina hung her head.  However wild and high-spirited she'd
been earlier the prospect of imminent and severe corporal
punishment had left her quiet and subdued.

     "I'm sorry, really," she said.  "I didn't mean to be so
silly, but I just couldn't stop.  Please don't give me the
cane - I'll never do it again!"

     Mr Marshall took his granddaughter's chin gently and
raised her face to his.

     "You have been very naughty and you have upset your
mother," he said quietly, "you deserve to be punished.  But I
won't cane you this time.  If you are ever brought back to me
for being naughty I can assure you that your bottom will find
out what the cane feels like!"

     Margaret seemed about to protest, but Mr Marshall assured
her that he wasn't going to let Tina off too lightly.  He told
her to wait a minute and left the room.

     Andrew thought that he knew why naughty little Tina was
not going to get the cane.  Mr Marshall probably didn't want
his daughter-in-law to know that he was punishing Viv and his
only cane was now hidden under the settee!

     When Mr Marshall left the room Andrew beckoned to Vivien
and started to walk out of the room.  But Margaret grabbed
hold of him and stopped him.

     "Don't go away," she said.  "Tina embarrassed me in
public.  It's only fair that she should be punished in
public!"

     Andrew didn't argue.  He was not averse to witnessing the
punishment and wondered what instrument of retribution the
former teacher would select.  Vivien felt a tremendous sense
of sympathy with the young girl - she had behaved much worse
at her age and escaped unpunished.  Also she now knew what the
slipper felt like and rather suspected that Tina was in for
something worse.

     Mr Marshall returned.  In his hand he held a dark brown
leather strap about two feet in length.  As he held it it
could be seen that one end was split into two tails ten or
twelve inches long.  "This is what naughty girls in Scottish
schools are punished with," he said.

     He ordered Tina to hold out her hand.  When she asked him
"Which hand?" he said that was up to her.  Both hands would be
strapped but she could choose which would get it first!  Tina
slowly held out her right hand, biting her lower lip as she
did so.  Mr Marshall was not satisfied with its position and
made her raise it until it was held out at shoulder height. 
Then he held the strap so that it hung over his shoulder down
the back and brought it down sharply on Tina's proffered palm,
covering it from almost the wrist right to her finger tips.

     Tina yelped and jerked her hand away, before shaking it
wildly in the air.  Mr Marshall allowed her a couple of
moments and then calmly said "Same hand again, young lady!"

     The already reddening palm was extended again and the
naughty girl screwed her eyes tightly shut.  Her grandfather
warned her to hold her hand still, but she could not quite
keep it steady.  He whacked down the second stroke with full
force and although Tina bravely managed to stay silent Andrew
saw tears beginning to trickle down her cheeks.  She put her
injured hand in front of her face and blew desperately on it
to try to ease the unbearable stinging.

     "Now the other hand!"

     Tina's left hand was subjected to similar treatment. 
After it had also felt its two strokes Tina danced around with
each hand pressed into the opposite armpit, crying bitterly. 
Tina thought that it was all over but then, through her pain,
she heard her grandfather's voice.

     "The first hand again!"

     Tina could not believe it.  She shook her head and
refused to hold out her throbbing hand again.

     "One more on each hand, Tina.  Think yourself lucky
you're not getting the cane!"

     Finally the weeping girl tentatively held out her
strap-marked right hand.  Mr Marshall made sure that it
received the hardest stroke yet.  He didn't seem to use a
great deal of force, but he gave full weight to the swing and
made sure that the entire area of Tina's little palm was
covered.  Poor Tina howled like a six month old baby and
started to sob loudly.

     It took almost two minutes before she could be persuaded
to submit her left hand again for punishment.  As soon as it
was in place Mr Marshall lashed down the last stroke.  Tina
tried to remove her hand at the last minute but the tawse
still landed fully along her fingers.

     Tina whooped like a Red Indian and danced madly about the
room waving her hands.  Viv watched her performance in horror. 
She could scarcely imagine how much Tina had been hurt - yet
this was supposed to be a light punishment compared to the
cane!  Mr Marshall put the strap down on a coffee table and
took his granddaughter by the shoulders, holding her still
until she quietened down a little.

     He made her apologise to her mother and, after he
reminded her that next time it would be the cane, Margaret
ushered her repentant daughter out, thanking her father-in-law
gratefully.

     After he had closed the front door Mr Marshall turned to
Viv.  "Right.  Back to you then!  Let's hope we're not
interrupted this time!"

     He recovered the gym shoe and the cane and told Viv to
bend over the armchair as she had before.  This time, however,
he asked Andrew to hold her as he did not think she would be
able to remain in place.  The micro skirt was once again
pinned up but this time Mr Marshall did not bother to adjust
Vivien's panties.  The flimsy material could be no defence
against his cane!

     He raised the cane and slashed it down violently onto
Viv's reddened and already tender bottom.  The stroke fell
across the lowest part of the girl's backside, both cheeks,
just where she would sit down.  The intensity of the sting
exceeded Viv's worse fears.  That one stroke was worse than
the entire slippering!  She screamed at the top of her voice
and, had not Andrew held her firmly, would have jumped to her
feet.  Mr Marshall hardly gave her time to recover at all when
he whipped down the cane for the next stroke - which lashed
down on the very same place.

     Viv howled to wake the dead, and she continued to howl,
held in her husband's strong grip.  This time Mr Marshall
waited fully half a minute, watching the poor girl's writhings
and wrigglings with a practised look.  Then he brought down
the next stroke.  And this time he used all his strength and
experience to deliver a viciously hard one.  It landed
parallel to the first two strokes and just a quarter of an
inch above them - close enough, he knew, for the weals to
eventually merge.  Viv screamed in sheer agony, she had never
ever imagined the cane could hurt as much as this.

     Over and over again she frantically begged Mr Marshall to
stop and Andrew to release her.  The former teacher had no
intention of letting this naughty young lady off with anything
less than the caning she richly deserved and which she had
herself agreed to as fair.  But Andrew could hardly bear to
hold his lovely little Vivien down like this while the cane
lashed down time and again across that soft bottom whose
curves he had so often caressed.  Each time that wicked cane
flashed down and he felt Viv's agonised reaction it was as if
it was landing across his own backside.

     But he knew that his wife had behaved very badly and had
chosen to be caned in preference to an even worse alternative. 
He had known that the cane would be an awful experience for
her - humiliating and agonising.  He had warned her, but she
had decided to go ahead.  But she had always been a coward
where physical pain was concerned.  Also Mr Marshall was not
being deliberately cruel, it was Viv's reaction and not the
punishment itself which was disproportionate.  Andrew still
clearly remembered his own canings at school - compared to
some of these Viv was getting off very lightly.  So he
hardened his heart and tightened his grip on his struggling
wife.

     Because of Vivien's anguished writhings the fourth stroke
landed some way below the marks left by the cane's first
visits, across her scissoring thighs.  Mr Marshall saw that
the very tip of the cane landed halfway across the girl's
right thigh, biting deeply in.  He knew that the bruise
produced by this would take even longer to fade.

     Vivien was yelling continuously now and desperately
struggling to get free.  Mr Marshall nodded approvingly.  He
was glad to see that he was getting through to this silly and
selfish young lady.  He walked slightly along the side of the
chair and delivered the next stroke at an angle so as to
diagonally cross the earlier welts.

     Vivien's body bounced up and down over the armchair and
she wriggled in absolute anguish, actually shocked into
silence by the unbelievable pain.  She had imagined that the
earlier strokes had been the worst the cane could do, but this
was an entire quantum jump worse as the earlier weals were
reactivated by the crossing stroke.  Mr Marshall studied the
young woman's cane-marked bottom for a few moments and then
calmly walked back before releasing the final stroke across
the opposite diagonal.

     "AAAGGH!  OWWW!  OWWWW!!  OWW!!  AAOOWW!!"

     Vivien recovered her voice and screamed out in agony,
hardly knowing if her caning was over or not.  At a signal
from Mr Marshall her husband released his hold and she fell
wriggling to the floor howling and clutching at her blazing
posterior.

     Mr Marshall picked up the gym shoe and strap and left the
room to return them and the cane to their usual places. 
Andrew came round and knelt by his pretty wife to try to
comfort her.

     Mr Marshall did not return for about ten minutes, to give
Viv some time to recover herself.  By the time he came back
she was standing up, rather unsteadily, and had stopped
yelling, although tears still flowed copiously from her eyes
and her hands were clasped under her short skirt, which Andrew
had unpinned, pressing carefully against her weal marked
bottom.

     Mr Marshall told her that so far as he was concerned that
was the end of the matter.  Vivien had received the punishment
she deserved.  He said he thought that if she'd had the cane
at school as she should have done then that day's events might
not have been necessary.  He offered them both a cup of tea
but Andrew said that they'd rather be on their way.  As Vivien
stumbled her painful way out, tightly held in Andrew's arms,
Mr Marshall noticed cane marks clearly visible below her short
black skirt.

     The couple did not exchange a word on the drive home and
the young woman had an exceedingly painful journey, trying to
keep her bottom out of contact with the car seat.  She tried
to be brave and not to make a ridiculous fuss, but she could
not stop crying, nor restrain several sharp gasps.

     As soon as they got home Andrew dashed out of the car and
opened the front door.  Then he came back to the car to help
Vivien in.  Once in he said, "Come on, love, we'll just go
upstairs now.  You'll soon feel better!"

     He held her tenderly, but the walk upstairs was still
excruciatingly painful.  In their bedroom Andrew helped Viv to
undress.  Last of all she carefully drew her tiny panties off
over her wealed and swollen bottom.

     Andrew told her to lie face down on the bed.  Despite the
fact that he had known what to expect the sight of his wife's
wealed bottom still shocked him.  He had told Vivien what he
intended to do next and they had prepared in advance.  He took
a handkerchief from a bucket of iced water, wrung it out
slightly, and then placed it very gently on Vivien's left
buttock.  She gasped at the sudden cold, but felt the relief
immediately.  Andrew placed three more cold hankies on his
wife's bottom, two on each cheek, one pulled down to cover the
upper thigh.  He felt happier when he couldn't see those awful
marks any longer.

     Next Andrew switched on an electric fan, directed to blow
a cold breeze onto Viv's bottom.  "I'll leave you alone for a
bit now, love," he said tactfully, "you'll soon feel a lot
better."

     After about an hour he went back upstairs, taking a jar
of soothing cream with him.  Viv was feeling much better now. 
She was still in pain but the initial intense sting had faded
and the throbbing was becoming more bearable.  As arranged
Andrew gently peeled off the handkerchiefs.  He noticed, with
some respect for Mr Marshall's skill, that there was no blood
on any of them.

     Vivien's bottom was nearly dry but Andrew carefully used
tissues to absorb the remaining moisture.  He could feel the
heat still strongly radiating from her punished cheeks.  He
used the cream, applying it as tenderly and carefully as he
could.  He felt the erotic charge of the events to the full
but felt ashamed of his erection while his wife was still
hurting.  Her cries of pain as he gently applied the cream
went to his heart.  Then he kissed her lovingly on her head
and left her recovering in her pain and shame.
