DAMON
by jamie

     Damon is 18. He stands about 5'7" and his body is superbly in proportion.
Damon loves to dance and he loves to show off what he's got. I ran into Damon
for the first time, in Fort Lauderdale. (Isn't spring break WONDERFUL?!?) I'd
gone into one of the more popular night spots, there, and discovered, to my
great pleasure, that their nightly amateur "dance" contest was about to begin.

     Picture Damon, in shorts and a "T" shirt, being introduced to a late night
crowd gathered around the dance floor. He throws off his shirt immediately and
starts doing gymnastics. The crowd loves Damon. Then he takes off his shorts,
leaving only a leather loin cloth. Now he does back bends, handstands, front
and back flips and the crowd goes wild. This "jungle boy" really has nerve. The
crowd is cheering, screaming, clapping and routing him on and without
hesitation, Damon rips the loin cloth from his hot, throbbing loins; throws it
into the crowd and begins to gyrate around the dance floor like a wild boy. He
shows us everything he's got. Damon's every movement is designed to show off,
seduce and capture our attention. The crowd loves Damon. And of course, he wins
the contest and the money. Just like in the movies!

     On the beach, the following day, I see him. The crowd still loves Damon.
The beach is filled with eyes watching the surf and horizon interrupted by his
movements. I catch him as he pulls his raft from the surf, heading for the
beach. He glows in the sun with butch and angular features softened by his just
having grown into them.

     Damon is a boy, with mischief in his heart and in his mind. He feels good
about his looks, but he's not at all stuck up. He just likes to show off.
Recognizing this, I approached Damon, on the beach, down in Fort Lauderdale,
and I asked him if he'd like to shoot some pictures with me. His eyes lit up
and he said, Yeh! Well, that was that. I told him to call me at my apartment,
later that day, and that we'd set up a time to get together to shoot. I told
him that I'd like to get some shots of him, in his loin cloth --- out on a
secluded beach area which I knew about, just 3 miles from where we were now. He
thought that would be hot. We parted and I waited to hear from him.

     It was about dinner time when the phone rang. My heart started to pound. I
was really looking forward to recording this boy-image on film. He was hot. It
was Damon. He, too, was really excited. He said that he'd always wanted to get
some pictures done, but he didn't know anyone who could do them. He wanted to
come over right then to do some, in my apartment for openers. I thought for a
second and said, "Sure, why not." I gave him my address and told him to be
there in about 1 hour.

     Two hours later, Damon still hadn't arrived. At that point I figured that
he'd become nervous about the whole idea and had decided to forget it. I was
getting a little hungry so I decided to get changed and go out for some dinner.
I'd just got out of the shower when the doorbell rang. I wrapped a towel around
myself and headed for the door to see who it was. It was Damon. Dressed in a
beautifully skimpy pair of low rise nylon running shorts (cut all the way up to
the waist band on the sides) and a tight, red nylon cut-off "T" shirt. No
shoes, socks or anything else. He was hot and he was ready to shoot! I invited
him to come in and asked him if he'd like a drink while I got dressed. He said
that he did --- I made him a drink and excused myself to get dressed and told
him to make himself comfortable while he waited.

     I threw on a pair of summer sweats and a light-weight sweat shirt and
headed back out to the living room. When I got there I knew that I was in for
an interesting evening. Damon sat there, watching TV, sitting on my couch ---
completely naked. His eyes connected with mine as I entered the room and he
said, "I hope you don't mind, but you did tell me to make myself comfortable
and when I'm at home, this is how I get comfortable. I don't really like to
wear clothes. It's OK, isn't it?" Well, who was I to disagree? "Sure", I said,
"why not. I'm pretty much the same way."

     Damon said that he'd like to talk about what we might do for pictures and
where we might shoot some of them. Although I was more than a little bit
distracted, at first, by his pretty, nakedness I quickly realized that this
nymph-ish 18 year old wasn't sitting there naked to seduce me --- he was,
truly, just making himself at home. Once I realized that, I felt pretty good
that he'd trusted me enough to plunge right to it and then get into a "real"
conversation. He was sweet........ a real nice little guy. I knew, right then,
that Damon and I would become very special friends..... and more.

     We talked for a while, then Damon asked what he should do..... so that we
could take a few pictures. He said that he'd brought some of his "dance"
clothes.... like the loin cloth and some pretty hot pairs of shorts. I
suggested that he take out what he'd brought and model some of them for me, so
that I could get some idea of what he'd look like in them. He thought that was
great and proceeded to empty his shoulder bag all over the floor in front of
him.

     We picked out four pretty skimpy and revealing outfits and headed for the
little studio which I'd built in the basement of my house. First, we decided to
shoot Damon in a hot little outfit which consisted of a pair of torn, gray
stretch shorts (made of that sweat pant material) and a cut-off red tank top.
He looked hot. Then he changed into a pair of 501 cut-offs, which he'd torn up
the sides all the way to the waist band, and a worn old jeans jacket which he'd
torn the arms off of. He looked really hot and street- boyish in that! Finally
we'd make it through all of the outfits which we'd selected and I suggested
that we shoot some stuff of him in the nude. Damon said that he'd like another
drink first.... and suggested that we put on some music while we had a drink so
that he could dance and get into the mood. I picked out a hot dance tape that a
DJ friend of mine had mixed for me a couple of weeks ago and Damon went right
into his "club act".

     Now was the time to start shooting this hunky little man-boy! I grabbed my
camera and followed him around while he gyrated around the little studio......
working his body into a hot, sexy sweat..... moving his hands sensually over
his entire body. Damon was into it now. He slowly slipped his hands up, under
his cut-off tank top and moved it fluidly up and over his head..... tossing it
to one side as he continued his dance of sex. It was as if he was making love
to himself. It was beautiful. Next, he switched his attention to his loins,
covered only in tight, torn 501's and began to unbutton the remaining 3
buttons. He pushed back the flaps and slid his hands down and over his ass.
Slowly he pushed the shorts down over his tanned thighs and kicked them off to
the side of the room. Damon continued to dance and to perform for my camera. By
this time, between the hot photo lights and his hot dance action, Damon was
sweating, glistening beads of sweat...... rolling down over his hot, sexy 18
year old body. Apparently his performance was turning him on as much as it was
me. As he continued to dance, Damon's thick, manly cock began to rise and swing
with the beat of the music. I continued to shoot, and with every click of the
camera, Damon seemed to become more and more turned on by himself. He began to
pull at his balls and twist his perky, now stiffening boy nipples. With his
other hand, he began to slowly stroke his manhood. He was really getting off on
this. It was better than his performance the first night that I'd seen him
dancing in that club. Damon began to moan, as he worked his body into a frenzy.
He was really getting off on being photographed!

     Finally, as the music had reached it's peak and was about to end, Damon
shot his load..... all over himself, all over me and all over the studio.......
then he collapsed into a fetal position on a pile of throw pillows in the
corner of the set. Panting and smiling, Damon beckoned for me to come over and
hold him. He reached out and pulled me down next to him and held me tight in
his arms. He smelled of sweet boy sweat...... nice, and such a turn on. He
pulled me to him and kissed me.... long and hard..... slipping his hot tongue
into my mouth...... running his hands up and down my back and down over my ass
cheeks. He wasn't finished yet!

     I ran my hands over his entire, hot, young body. Paying particular
attention to his tight, muscled ass and thighs. Every time that I touched one
of his ass cheeks, he moaned and pulled himself closer to me. He worked my
sweat shirt and sweat pants off of me, like a magician. I began to kiss him,
first on the mouth, then I moved down to his neck and chest. I lingered there,
sucking on his firm, hard nipples...... Damon moaned from pleasure...
whispering to me not to stop. I worked my way down his rippled stomach and
licked his hot, sweaty balls and ran my tongue over his hard, throbbing boy
cock. He began to writhe in my arms...... then he pulled me up, wrapped his
strong boy legs around my waist and whispered to me that he wanted me to fuck
him. He wanted to feel my big cock pushing in and out of his tight, boy butt.
He reached down and guided my hard, throbbing member to his rosebud. Pushing
his ass up, towards me, he impaled himself on my cock..... pumping his ass up
and onto my manhood. He wanted it bad! I pushed his legs up onto my shoulders
and started to pump my cock in and out of his tight boy butt, as if I'd never
fucked before. He felt so good I never wanted it to end. Damon was moaning and
begging for me to fuck him harder. I pushed his legs up over his head and began
doing pushups on his ass. I pumped into him like I'd never fucked before. He
loved it. He reached down and began to stroke his hard, throbbing cock......
sliding his hand up and down over his meat...... getting wilder and wilder and
we went on.

     Damon let out a scream of pleasure and shot his cum all over the two of
us. At that moment, his ass tightened around my pumping cock and I filled his
ass with my love juices. I moaned as he screamed with pleasure and fulfillment.
Damon smiled, and pulled me to him, his legs still up over his shoulders, my
cock still in his tight little boy butt.... and he kissed me, long and hard. We
pulled apart and cuddled for a moment, then Damon suggested that we take a
shower and have another drink. That sounded good to me and he led me to my own
shower, holding onto my cock to lead me there! This boy just never tired of
himself or of sexual desire. He was, indeed, amazing. We showered, dried off
and headed for the living room to mix a drink. Neither one of us dress... we
just cuddled together on the couch, naked and in each others arms and watched
the late movie, together.

     As the movie ended, Damon said that he thought it was too late for him to
walk all the way back to his apartment, and asked if it would be all right for
him to spend the night with me. He said that I made him feel real good and that
he'd like to fall asleep in my arms, with his head on my shoulder. How could I
refuse. He was hot, but beyond that, he was sweet and sensitive. I too felt
good when he was in my arms, and I in his. Damon and I headed for my bedroom
and crawled into bed and into each others arms. In a matter of minutes Damon
was sound asleep, purring like a little kitten..... holding onto me tightly. I
drifted off in a while.

     I awoke the next morning, with the sun pouring in on me through the open
window of the bedroom. I looked around, and Damon was gone. Perhaps the events
of the night before had only been a dream. Oh well. I got out of bed, naked,
ran through the shower, and headed for the kitchen to make some coffee. When I
got there I realized that the coffee was already brewed. Hmmmm..... maybe it
wasn't a dream! Then I turned and saw Damon, lying on the patio, by the pool,
as naked as he was last night, all oiled up with suntan oil. He was sipping on
a cup of coffee and stretching out in the morning sun. He was more than cute,
this was one hot little stud. I grabbed a cup of coffee and joined him at the
side of the pool. Damon smiled and got up, came over to me and gave me a big
hug and kiss...... "Good morning" he smiled...... "Wanna go for a swim with
me?", he asked. Why not, and we plunged into the water,,,,,,, Damon was like a
fish in the water.... what a swimmer and what a diver. His form seemed to glide
through the water, like it was his second home. He was beautiful. I went inside
and grabbed one of my cameras and began shooting pictures of this little water
nymph. Once again, as the camera began to click, Damon began to get turned on.
He loved to have his body photographed. He loved to show off, yet he wasn't
cocky and stuck up about his looks. It just turned him on to have his body
photographed. He performed for me, and my camera for a while, and then I
suggested that we make something for breakfast. He agreed and said that he'd
make breakfast. I agreed and sat in the kitchen, watching this gorgeous man-boy
move around the kitchen.

     After breakfast, we got dressed..... well, Damon put on one of his rather
sexy, showing outfits...... and we headed off to a secluded section of the
beach for the day. At the end of the day, as the sun was starting to set, we
decided to head back to my place to wash up and go out for dinner. We'd been
swimming in the ocean and shooting more and more pictures of Damon, all day on
the hot beach and needed to freshen up. Damon asked if we could go by his
apartment to pick up some fresh clothes and we did. Then we went back to my
house, showered together and headed out for dinner.

     It's been two years, now, and Damon still lives with me. He still runs
around the house and the backyard, buck naked and he still gets really turned
on every time a take out a camera and start shooting him. He's the most
sensuous man I've ever known. We still make love as if it was our first time.
Damon loves me..... and I love him.

      He still dances in the local clubs..... and he still wins big! When it's
over, however, he comes home to me......... and we do our own little shows for
each other.

     I love you, Damon.
