BOYS - DAN & DREW
by Anonymous

     Every guy remembers his first time. Mine wasn't that long ago, but
I remember it like it a familiar photograph. Spring break, 1984. Just me
and Brian. And we both lost our man-man virginity that week.

     Brian and I had known each other since we were kids -- we attended
the same elementary school, junior high and high school. We were in a
lot of classes together, and we became good friends long before we
discovered our other desires.

     In a lot of ways Brian and I -- my name is Drew, short for Andrew
-- were opposites.

     He's tall; I'm short. He's tanned and muscular, I'm pale and while
not flabby, I'll never win a bodybuilding contest. He's noisy; I'm
quiet. He has dark brown hair and eyes; I'm a red-head with green eyes.
Those differences brought us together, I suspect. We could spend hours
talking about anything -- cars, girls, sex, teachers, sex, books, music,
sex. Well, you get the idea.

     To say that we were a couple of horny kids might understate the
case. Brian and I always seemed to be thinking about sex. Not too
unusual for a couple of 17-year-olds. What was unusual was that it took
so long for us to recognize that the solution to our mutual horniness
was so easy. We didn't need reluctant girls. We had each other.

     Since we had been in a couple of gym classes together, I knew what
Brian looked like. And I always admired his trim, tight body. He had the
hairiest legs I had ever seen, but the rest of his body was smooth. I
could always pick him out in the dark shower room because his white butt
stood out compared to the rest of him. His folks had a pool, and Brian
loved to swim and roast in the sun.

     During break, we always spent the days together at his place, me
getting a sunburn and Brian getting tanner and tanner.

     We had the house to ourselves. Both his folks worked. We could
sneak in a six-pack of beer and get a little toasted while we lounged.

     Of course we always talked about sex. We confided about our
solitary j/o sessions ("Drew, I gotta jack it in the morning when I wake
up or else I don't feel good the rest of the day") or who we hoped would
help us get our rocks off. These b.s. sessions always involved girls.
Both of us had scored a couple times. But now Brian suggested something
new: men.

     "I picked up a book last week showing how guys get it on with other
guys," Brian told me as I took another swallow of my beer.

     The words made me tremble. "What's the book called," I asked,
trying to remain calm.

     "The Joy of Gay Sex. I found it at the porn magazine shop downtown.
It's an older book, and it has instructions and pictures of guys doin'
it.

     "Have you ever thought of doing it with a guy, Drew?" Brian asked.

     "No, but I'd like to see the book," I said, thinking of Brian and
his thick cock. I had lied. I had often thought about Brian while I was
jacking off. But I had never told him about it. It was my sexual secret,
and I hid it from him because I had never really admitted it to myself.

     Brian got up from the chaise lounge and headed toward the house. I
looked at his rear, outlined in the tight Speedos he always wore. My
cock hardened. Could it be that Brian wants me?

     Brian returned shortly, book in hand.

     "Here it is, Drew. The gay fuck book."

     I took the book from him and hoped he did not notice my cock bulge.
I thumbed through the book and stared at the drawings of men fucking
other men. Men sucking other men. I had seen straight porn before, but
not homoerotic stuff like this.

     Brian jumped into the pool and swam while I examined his new book.
I wanted to reach down to my cock and rub it. I didn't dare, but my dick
grew harder and harder as I read.

     I was so caught up in the book I never noticed Brian had pulled
himself from the pool and was standing next to me.

     "Looks like you might be interested," Brian said looking the bulge
produced by my hardened meat.

     "How about you?" I asked.

     Brian didn't answer with words. He reached for the waist of his
Speedos and pulled them down. His semi-hard cock sprang out, and I
reached for it. I grasped it and felt it harden in my hand. It was so
easy to take it. It felt so big.

     "Maybe we should go inside," Brian suggested as he pulled me -- not
unwillingly -- from the lounge.

     We headed for his room, and he shut the door behind us and spun
around and quickly lowered my swim trunks. I stepped out of them as he
tossed of his Speedos.

     Brian -- 6 feet, tan and muscular -- and me -- 5-6 and pale -- and
both of us with hardons.

     All I could do was stare at his penis. I had seen it before in gym
class, but not hard. What a glorious sight: standing out from his body
at a 45- degree angle, about 7 inches of thick, veined manhood. Large
balls dropping low beneath the rod.

     "It's so big," I moaned.

     Brian smiled and jacked his cock with one hand.

     "Yours is, too," Brian said. Mine was longer than his by maybe half
an inch, and it's uncut, but Brian's took first place for thickness.

     We both jacked our cocks and slowly moved closer to each other,
finally allowing our hard rods to touch. Then Brian put his arms around
me and hugged me and planted his lips on my mouth. As we experienced the
meeting of our bodies, we gradually moved toward the bed.

     "Want to look at the book some more?" Brian asked.

     I smiled and nodded and we reclined on the bed, and we began
reading The Book.

     "I want to try it all, Drew. And I want to do it with you."

     Brian's face neared mine and our lips met again, his hand touching
my cock for the first time. The Book went crashing to the floor.

     He pushed me down on the bed and his body hovered over me. Slowly
he lowered himself on top of me and began rubbing his entire body over
mine.

     Our cocks meshed as he continued his original full-body massage.

     "Oh, God, man, I'm gonna cum," I growled in his ear. Such a horny
puppy. I moaned and shot a big load all over our bodies.

     "That's OK, dude, we got plenty of time for more," Brian whispered.
He raised up off me and I felt his hands move to my abdomen. He massaged
my hot creamy cum into my body, and when he was done, he lifted his
hands to his face and took a deep breath.

     "Your cum smells good, stud. But don't worry, there'll be more."

     Brian's hands spread my legs and his fingers toyed with my cock and
balls. He turned his body around and I found my face inches away from
his very stiff penis.

     I don't remember who was first. All I can remember thinking was,
"Well, go ahead and do it. See what it tastes like." I opened my mouth
and moved toward his thick cock. The swollen head passed through my lips
and into my throat. At the same time I felt Brian's warm mouth cover my
hardening dick.

     Ecstasy. My cock was in heaven. And my mouth was being stretched to
the limit by this big intruder. I wanted to take it all. I wasn't sure I
could. I wanted to please Brian, so I slowly slipped all of it into my
mouth until his hairs tickled my chin. He started humping, and I did the
same.

     Cathleen Parker never did this. She said she never would. Don't
know why. Brian's big cock tasted great, and I learned to enjoy being
fucked in the mouth by his huge dick.

     Brian quickened the pace, moving his mouth up and down on my pole,
squeezing my balls and fingering my butt.

     I did the same and when I pushed a finger up his butt, I heard him
moan loudly and then push his pud deeply down my throat. He gave a few
quick hard thrusts and I felt his cock spasm, and a gusher of cum
splashed into my mouth. My first load. From Brian's cock. I swallowed as
fast as I could, but I couldn't keep up with him. Drops of his juice
trickled down my cheeks and I tried to swallow it all.

     And just as I took the last swallow of his juice, my own cock
exploded down Brian's throat. I had cum just 15 minutes before, and now
I delivered another load of jizz. I humped his mouth faster as my cock
sought its release.

     "We did it Drew. It was so good, man."

     I had to agree. We cuddled in each other's arms and shared a glow
only two men can know.

     "Yeah, stud. And we have lots more pages to study," I said, an evil
grin on my face.

     We fell asleep in each other's arms, our mouths glued to each other
and our tongues playing a new tune. I awoke feeling Brian's tool pushing
eagerly between my legs. He rolled me on my back, scooted down and
parted my legs. He toyed with my cock for a bit, then started sucking my
balls into his mouth and slowly jacking my cock.

     He flipped me on my stomach, and I had no doubt what he had in
mind. Ever since I had first looked at his Fuck Book, I knew I wanted
his big cock up my ass.

     "I want your little behind, stud," Brian moaned in my ear as his
body covered mine.

     "It's OK, I want it bad."

     He pushed a pillow under my middle and reached to the nightstand
for a bottle of sun tan oil.

     I smelled that summery Coppertone odor as he covered my back and
buttocks with the oil, his hand darting between my ass cheeks and his
fingers pushing into my hole.

     His finger fucked my butt for a long while, and his oily hand
played with my balls and cock as he prepared to enter my virgin behind.

     Brian pulled me up and I turned my head and looked back to see him
oiling his gigantic, thick penis.

     "You sure that thing will fit?" I said winking.

     "I'll go real slow, I promise."

     I trusted Brian to do it right.

     He positioned the head at the entrance to my ass and gently pushed
forward.

     "The book says you should relax, open your hole like you're gonna
shit."

     I did as he said, and I felt the intruding rod slowly urge its way
into my guts. Inch after inch of his manhood entered my ass, and when it
was totally up my butt, we collapsed together, two men as one.

     Brian nibbled at my ear lobe and neck. "I love you, Drew. I'm gonna
fuck your ass good, stud."

     I pushed my impaled ass upward, and Brian pulled his dick out a bit
and then pushed forward.

     Slowly, like a steam locomotive gathering its strength for a long,
steep climb, Brian's thrusts became longer and harder and faster.

     His balls slapped against my butt and the whap, whap, whap noise
alone was enough to get me off.

     Faster and harder he plowed, each stroke amplifying a rare
combination of pleasure and submission. I was Brian's and my body was
being taken by him.

     As he fucked, he jacked my cock and sometimes twisted my nipples,
an area of pleasure I did not know existed in a man.

     The smell of his sweat and the tanning oil and the pleasure of his
huge thick penis up my rectum made the cum well up in my cock. I was so
close. Brian was hot, too.

     Faster and harder he pumped until I heard a strange high-pitched
yelp. His body stiffened like his cock had had been for the last half
hour. He thrusted with super intensity once more and then I felt it
filling my rear. Cum -- Brian's warm teen-age cum -- spilled into my
asshole.

     He continued to thrust and spurt until his cock softened just a
bit, then he pulled out of my butt.

     We raced for each other's arms and hugged and kissed and cried.
Brian took my stiff cock in his mouth ever so briefly and I delivered
yet another load. I still remember his face, the cum dripping down the
sides of his mouth.

     We kissed, and Brian whispered, "Drew . . . it's so good. So damn
good. You're so good..."

     I basked in the warmth of his strong body and praise.

     "I never knew I wanted a man. Now I know, and I'm glad you were my
first," I said.

     It was 4:30 p.m. Brian's folks would be home by 5.

     "Drew, I want you to take my ass, feel what's it's like to fuck a
man."

     I nodded. "I'll do it tomorrow, stud."

     And I did. And the next day. And the day after that.

     No spring break has ever matched it since.

--THE END--
