                          Dancin' In The Dark
                          ===================


Half blind from the bright noon-day sun, I faced the unseen guy behind
the window taking the admission price for the movie house.  "This is a
gay-movie theater sir, and it is limited to members only." Surprised for
a moment I asked about the membership routine and the voice informed me.
"It's $5.00 for one years membership and $5.00 for each time you come to
the theater.  In addition, we must see some type of picture
identification and you must sign an affidavit that you are not a member
of some law enforcement agency." I placed $10.00 on the counter and my
military i.d. card and pushed them thru the slot.  "Welcome aboard
sailor, you're gonna like this club" the voice said as he slid my i.d.
card back through the slot.

I had heard a lot about what went on inside this particular theater and
my balls were already itching for a little of that contact sport.  He
buzzed me through the locked door and as I entered the lobby, I knew I
was going to have problems.  I couldn't see a thing that wasn't directly
under a light.  I was unsure of which way to go until a door opened and
a guy walked out that I saw the movie screen.  I went in before the door
closed and found it darker than the lobby.  Here, the only light was
from the screen.  I waited for a part that was particularly bright so I
could find out where the seats were.  As soon as I could see the aisle
seats, I found and empty one and sat down.  On screen, there were three
guys involved in hot action.  A blond curly headed guy was on his back
with one guy fuckin' his ass as if it was the last one and the other guy
had his thick cock rammed down his more than willing throat.

Periodically, one guy from the audience would get up and walk through a
door on the right near the front of the theater.  After twenty minutes
of watching the screen action and those guys disappearing, (they never
seemed to come back) my curiosity got the better of me and I sauntered
down the aisle and through the door.  I immediately noticed that the
walls were painted flat black and the only light was from the dull 25
watt red bulbs placed unstrategically up and down the corridor.  I heard
the flush of a toilet and decided to empty my bladder before I
investigated the rest of this maze.

The toilet was illuminated by at least a 40-watt bulb and I quickly
drained my bladder and was stuffing my cock back inside my 501's when a
voice said, "Hey man, don't hide it, it's worth looking at." There was a
4" diameter hole in the side of the stall adjacent to the urinal and was
difficult to see in the dim light.  I turned and slowly started to jack
my dick in the direction of the hole and as always with very little
attention, it woke and began to stretch itself.  I slide my cock through
the hole and told my unseen partner "then if it's worth lookin' at, it's
worth tastin'." Immediately my cock was engulfed by a hot wet suction
that threatened to have me cummin' in little time at all.  I pulled back
and said "too much dude, I may be back later." I put my meat away and
left the toilet to investigate and cool down a little.
 
I put my hand out to touch the wall as I walked down the corridor.
Without warning, my hand was dangling in open air, a branching corridor
or doorway.  What the fuck, I turned and slowly followed it, since there
was absolutely no light at all.  I became aware of familiar sounds.  The
sound of cocksucking and assfucking, punctuated by moans and sudden
intakes of breath.  Sounds like the right place.  It was like being in a
cave and again, I put out my hand to locate the wall so I could orient
and after two steps, my hand touched hard, hot, sweaty, round asscheeks.
the owner moaned "go ahead, they're yours man." his back was well
muscled and his waist slim.  I reached around and ran my hand over his
chest and abdomen to find two large nipples that I began to twist and
pull.  He leaned back and rested against me with a sigh.  "Work 'em man,
I'm all yours." His t-shirt was pulled over his head, but his arms were
still in the sleeves and his jeans were about his ankles.  In other
words, open for bu siness.
 
As I slid my hand down to this crotch, I met another hand coming up
towards his chest.  I continued my downward motion and finally came in
contact with his rigid cock.  6" of thick and cut meat that had a drop
of pre-cum hanging from the piss-slit.  I felt the third guy go to his
knees and I held our sandwich partners cock out for his eagerness.  As
the hot mouth slid the length of his cock, his body shook against mine
and he leaned his head back on my shoulder and began to kiss my neck.
His hand had gone to my crotch and slowly unbutton my jeans and they had
dropped to my mid-thighs.  I had left my undershorts at home for the
day.  I began grinding my cock against his asscrack.  I barely heard him
when he whispered, "Please fuck me, please."
 
I grabbed my cock and bent my knees as he bent over the guy loudly
sucking his cock and pulled his cheeks apart.  I ran my cock up and down
his crack a few times, the pre-cum pouring out of my piss-slit was the
only lubricant we had.  Finally, I centered the head of my cock on his
asshole and began to push against the resistance of his tight asshole.
Either this guy was a virgin (impossible), or he wanted me to work for
it.  I grabbed his hips and increased the pressure against that
resisting sphincter and finally, the head of my cock popped inside the
hot, clinging dampness of his ass.  He reached back with both hands and
grabbed my hips, relentlessly pulling me forward into his hungry, tight
ass.  I could feel my cock slide over his prostate just as my cock-hairs
came in contact with his ass cheeks.  His body shook with the contact.
Slowly, I pulled my cock out just to the ring beneath the head and then
pushed it back in.  He moaned beneath me and again, and shook when my
cock hit h is prostate as I touched bottom.  When my cock pushed in, his
ass seemed to open up, and as I pulled out, he tightened his sphincter
so that it felt like a massaging hand on my dick.  It was incredible,
his ass actually got tighter as I fucked him.
 
I began to increase the pace, keeping time with the guy on his knees
sucking our partners cock.  The guy in the middle was constantly shaking
and vibrating from the hot action on his cock and the constant assault
on his asshole.  He licked the sweat from my neck as I fucked his ass,
slamming into him with each forward motion.  Our lips met and I sucked
his tongue into my mouth as if I was going to swallow him.  He was
moaning and shaking when suddenly he went rigid and his ass tightened on
my cock.  He made a choking gargle and started to jerk spasmodically.
The first wave of my cum shot from the end of my cock into his ass.  I
held his body tightly against mine as the waves of pleasure swept
through me again and again.  We continued kissing in the strained over
the shoulder contact as we settled from our climaxes.
 
We were both drenched in sweat.  The guy who had been on his knees
sucking our partner, stood and hugged us both saying "you guys are hot."
Just as quickly as he appeared, he disappeared into the darkness.  So
engrossed in our own hot action, that we had not taken notice of the
sounds around us.  The groping in the dark action was taking place
continuously around us.  The moans and pleading and sounds of men
cumming had not stopped.  I began to pull my spent cock out of my
friends ass when he whispered "could you wait a minute, I'm not down
yet." "Yeah, I can wait," I replied.  I hugged him to me and slowly ran
my hands up and down his chest and abdomen, cupping his cock and balls
while I gently kissed the side of his neck and ear.  Occasionally he
would turn enough so that we could kiss.  We were in our own little
world when I felt a hand slid over my ass and grab a hand full of cheek.
Seems that we had been discovered again.  I slowly pushed the hand away
and whispered ove r my shoulder, "maybe later man, we just finished."
 
I patted my asshole friend on the chest and whispered "pull them up and
let's go clean up a little." "Yeah, let's get something to drink." Once
I had my jeans up and shirt buttoned, I reached out and slid my hand
into the waist band of his jeans and asked "ready?".  He answered
"ready!".  We fumbled our way out of the side corridor and back into the
main one.  "This way, there's a lounge up front," he said.  Something
else I had missed.  I followed the outline of my friend around a corner
and into the dim light of an empty area that had a Coke machine and
several couches lining the wall.
 
For the first time, I saw the guy whose ass I had just fucked.  He stood
about 5'10" and weighed about 170 pounds.  He had dark mediterranean
very good looks and introduced himself as "Alex." We laughed a little
nervously and Alex asked "Well, do you want to throw me back?" His dark
brown eyes were serious.  I stepped up to him and ran my hand over his
chest, this time from the front.  "I can't think of any reason why," I
commented as my arms pulled him to me and we kissed.  His tongue pushed
into my mouth and I sucked on it as if it were his dick.  Our cocks
ground against each other and were instantly rigid and ready.  Alex
whispered, "There are some private rooms we can use if you'd like to
shove that cock of yours up my ass again.  You seem to hit the right
spots for me the first time.  Wanna see if it was a fluke?" "Fluke my
ass," I said, "where's this room." Alex took my hand and we went down
the corridor once more.
  
After a few twists and turns, we came to a corridor with more light and
several doors, two were open and Alex looked into one and then the
other.  He then led me into the first room and latched the door. Another
25 watt red bulb illuminated the little room and the padded platform
along one wall.  There were hooks on the opposite wall and a bench.
Alex slid into my arms and we began to kiss with increasing heat and
force.  A few minutes passed and we broke the kiss long enough to strip
off our clothes. This time they came off completely, including the shoes
and socks.  Alex dropped quickly to his knees and sucked my uncut 7"
into his mouth.  He ran his tongue around the inside edge of the
foreskin and slowly slid it off the head of my cock.  I leaned over and
gently pushed my fingers through his hair and rubbed his shoulders as he
sucked on my cock.  As quickly as he had started, he stopped sucking and
stood up.  "Lay down," he said.  I moved to the platform and lay down on
my back. Alex quickly straddled me with his legs outside mine and once
more picked up my cock.
 
Taking my cock in his hand, he guided it to his asshole and began to
gently sit down on it.  With a slow bouncing motion, he forced his
asshole around my cock.  I slid my hands up and down his legs and then
wrapped my hand around his cock.  "Not yet, I'll come before I can get
it all in." I let go of his cock and ran my hands over his chest.  His
nipples had begun to stand up an I started to pinch them between my
thumb and forefinger.  "Oh yes!" Alex was into some tit action also.  I
left him to the task of getting my cock into his ass and began some
serious twisting, pulling, and pinching of those prominent nipples of
his.  As he slowly moved up and down on my cock while he held his
asscheeks apart, Alex's skin became hotter and hotter.  "Please don't
stop" he begged.
 
I was surprised by the sensation of my cock suddendly sliding, not
popping, through his asshole and all the way into his ass.  once more I
felt that hard tight knot that was his prostate as my cock came to rest
just past it.  He shuddered for a moment and then slowly settled, opened
his eyes and looked down at me.  "This is perfect," he said through
tight clenched teeth.  "If you can, just lay still and let me do this."
He was asking for a lot.  His ass was hot and slippery from my previous
load of cum, but was just as tight, if not more so, as the first time I
had fucked him.  Alex leaned forward and kissed me then sat up a little
with his hands on my shoulders.  he raised his ass a little and began a
slow grinding motion that forced my cock to corkscrew against his
sphincter and also to his prostate as it came around.  I continued to
work his tits as they became more elastic and sensitive to touch.
 
Inch by inch, I rose to the level of climax but once there, could not
seem to go over the edge.  Alex continued his slow grinding action, and
I continued to twist his tits.  After a long while, Alex said "I can't
take any more, I've gotta cum.  Please Mel, make me cum." I grabbed him
around the waist and sat up.  Keeping my cock firmly embedded in his
ass, I pulled my legs out from under him and got up onto my knees.  I
placed his feet against the front of my shoulders and bent forward,
forcing his knees up around his ears.  I pulled out to the head of my
cock and then slammed back into his tight clutching ass with enough
force to send him through the wall at the head of the platform.  Alex
sighed loudly and said only one word "yes!"
 
I slid my hands up to his shoulders and continued to slam my cock into
his ass as if I was going to climb into that tight little hole of his. I
couldn't hold back any longer.  I felt the hot tingling as my load
rushed from my balls and exploded from the end of my cock into his ass.
I continued fucking as wave after hot wave passed through my shuddering
body.  I leaned over dripping rivers of sweat onto Alex and took his
cock into my mouth.  I fucked and sucked him simultaneously.  Alex
suddenly screamed out "Awwgh, yes, oh God yes," and his cock began to
erupt into my mouth.  Pulse after pulse of hot, sweet cum filled my
mouth and slipped from the corners to drip down my chin.  When I could
swallow and then breathe, I released his cock and sat up.
 
Taking his left leg in my right hand, I turned him onto his side without
letting my cock fall out of his ass.  I don't really think I could have
pulled it out with a tractor the way his ass held onto my meat.  I
curled up behind him with my arms around his chest and his legs
intertwined with mine as my cock remained buried up his ass.  We lay
there for a while, not talking, just intermittantly jerking
spasmodically as the waves or sensation passed through our bodies.  When
our breathing had returned to normal, we sat up and kissed gently.
 
Without speaking, Alex stood and took something out of his jeans pocket
and put it into the pocket of my 501's.  "What's that" I asked.  "My
name, number, and address," Alex said.  He slid quickly back into my
sweaty arms.  "If you think I'm letting you get away, you're very wrong
my friend." We laughed and kissed for a short while longer and then I
looked at my watch.  It was 8:53 p.m.. Shocked, we quickly dressed and
left our private room.
 
At the front of the theater, I gave Alex one of my business cards with
two words "use it." Alex smiled and said "bet on it." As he opened the
front door and we stepped outside, I could see perfectly for the first
time since I had entered the theater.  The sun was almost below the
horizon and night had just begun.  I was on my way home for rest.  As we
walked away, in opposite directions, we turned frequently to look back
at each other.  I would be calling this guy very soon.

When I arrived home, my answering machine was blinking.  I pushed play
back and stripped off my jeans, shirt, shoes, and socks and turned on
the shower.  The machine beeped and a voice said "Hi, this is Mr.
Soteropopolus, just wanted you to know that I have all day Saturday off,
so how about we get together on Friday night?" Now who the fuck was Mr.
Soteropopolus? I emptied my pockets and noticed a piece of paper.  When
I turned it over, it read Alexander Soteropoplus and an address and
phone number.  I smiled, he really wasn't taking any chances.  Thank God
for Friday.
