
The music was much too loud (again) when it started.  Chandel noticed
that even some of the patrons in the front row flinched when the D.J.
cued up the first song.  Oh well, same shit, different day.  She mounted
the steps to the stage, and began her act.  To Chandel, stripping was
both work and enjoyment (as long as she had an appreciative audience,
otherwise it was merely work).  She had already guessed that this
audience was going to be the normal subdued after-lunch crowd, and had
resigned herself to merely working through her four songs.

Her outer costume consisted of a pair of red spike heels, and a very
fetching red dress that was slit above the hip on both sides to show off
her long legs.  Many men had made comments about those gams, anywhere
from the usually lewd variety to the politely complimentary. She much
preferred the latter style of comment.  Underneath the dress was a black
semi-see through bra, and a black thong bikini-bottom that rode up the
crack of her ass nicely, and hugged the lips of her pussy. When she bent
over wearing that, most of the men in the front row had trouble watching
and drinking at the same time.  The last bit of her costume was actually
part of her -- she had visited a special salon that day that specialized
in erotic cuts for pubic hair.  They had trimmed her bush down so it
looked like a hand, with the fingers reaching for the lips of her pussy.
It was an expensive cut, but she was very pleased with the results.  She
hoped the patrons here would appreciate the special surprise too.

She danced through the first song, enjoying the way the front and back
flaps of the dress would lift when she twirled, giving the men in the
front row a flash of what was to come later in her act.  Unlike many of
the other dancers, Chandel knew how to actually dance, as opposed to
just strutting around the stage.  She'd seen the looks on the faces of
the men who frequented these establishments, and more often than not,
the dancer who merely walked around just could not hold their attention
for very long.  Men were creatures who were stimulated visually, and
your act had to keep changing slightly to hold their attention.  If you
lost their attention, you might as well get off the stage.

By the end of the first song, she noticed that the front row was much
more full, as some of the men had moved up from the tables further out
from the stage.  She smiled at the newcomers to pervert's row (as it is
often referred to), making sure they knew they were welcome to watch
closely.  The second song started, and she unzipped her dress at the
back.  One of the tricks she had learned long ago was how to shed a
dress off one's body without actually pushing it off - it was all in
knowing how to wiggle just the right way.  She started removing her
dress in just this fashion, much to the delight of the men in the
audience.  As she gyrated seductively, several wolf whistles went up
from the audience.  Chandel turned in their general direction, threw a
seductive look, and licked her lips.  One of the men coming back from
the washroom almost missed his chair when he went to sit down.  She
giggled impishly, and blew him a kiss.

Halfway through the second song, she had wiggled the dress off her
shoulders, away from her arms, and down to her hips.  Getting the dress
past the hips was the culmination of this part of the act, and always
the most difficult.  Once you were over that hump, the dress usually
fell to the floor and you simply stepped out of it with one foot, and
kicked the dress off the stage with the other.  She still had to get to
that point though before considering where to kick the dress to.  She
saved the necessary hip gyrations for one part in the song with a really
good baseline, walked up to the brass pole, and gyrated her hips so it
looked like she was trying to fuck the pole!  (What she was actually
doing was using the pole to help push the dress down, but why let the
men known that?)  The dress was almost off, so she spread her legs
slightly to hold it in place, and glided back to the centre of the
stage. As the song ended, she let the dress slide down her legs, as she
raised both arms straight up together.  The dress hit the floor exactly
as the last note finished.  Loud applause started immediately, and
lasted a few seconds into the beginning of the third song.  Chandel was
really starting to enjoy this audience, as they were enjoying her.

Traditionally, the third and fourth songs are slower, and a floorshow is
often performed.  Chandel hated the floorshow, as she considered
wiggling around on a comforter or blanket boring, and unimaginative. She
intended to be a little more direct with her audience!  The fact that
the third song was more energetic than the second was not lost on some
of the gentlemen present -- she guessed they must be the regular
customers, and used to the standard routine.  Standard?  She'd show THEM
standard... Quickly surveying the front row, she made mental notes to
herself as to what possible props she could make use of.  One man had a
baseball cap, another was sucking on a small -- lollypop?  Hmmm... That
had potential...  Another man had trench-coat draped over the side of
his chair.  As she surveyed the men sitting in the front circle that
makes up pervert's row, she noticed a couple sitting there, both wearing
wedding rings...  A woman?  In the front row with her husband?  Will
wonders never cease.  They were a good looking couple, and both smiled
at Chandel as she looked at them.  Chandel wasn't used to the idea of
dancing for another woman, and the thought both excited and unnerved her
at the same time.

She decided to try to ignore the fact that a woman was watching her so
closely, and started using the pole to swing around on.  The pole was
over at one side of the stage, so she had to be careful not to knock
over any drinks on the table next to the stage.  Customers didn't mind
you dancing on their table, you just had to be careful.  She came down
off the pole, arched her back against it, and undid the clip at the back
of her bra, then resumed her dancing.  As with the dress, once the
crucial clasp was undone, dancing and gravity did the rest.  She first
let the left bra-strap fall down from her shoulder, then the right one
as well.  Once that was done, she bent forward, jiggled her tits back
and forth, and the bra slid down her arms, until the straps were in her
hands.  While she was in that position, she noticed through her legs
that the woman in the front row was looking her right in the eyes - she
found this a bit unnerving still. Chandel stood up and slingshotted the
bra into the lap of one of the men in the front, to the applause and
laughter of the gentleman's friends.


The third song was halfway through, so she squatted in front of another
one of the man with the baseball cap, took it off his head, playfully
rubbed her breasts with it, and put it back on his head sideways.  She
then leaned forward to the man next to him, and took his beer in hand,
poured just a little bit over each breast, and rubbed the neck of the
bottle against each of her nipples.  The man's hand was shaking slightly
as she handed his bottle back to him - she enjoyed playing with the
customers!  To complete the third song, she kicked her right leg up so
that it was resting against the pole, and she was doing a near vertical
split.  It was a good idea to do this to stretch out a little before
attempting to do the splits on the floor during the next song. When the
song finished, once again the men applauded loudly and appreciatively.

Patrons are never allowed to touch a stripper unless she clearly invites
them to do so.  Chandel sometimes would lie down in front of a customer,
put her legs on his shoulders, and invite him to remove her bottoms for
her.  She thought this would be fun to do given the good nature of the
audience today, but needed to pick the right target.  She looked over at
the couple and thought to herself, "No..." but some perverse part of
herself screamed, "Yes!"  She decided to be daring, and risk letting
that particular gentlemen pull her thong bottom off, hoping that his
wife wouldn't be offended.  Chandel walked over towards the couple, and
suddenly did the splits in front of them.  Most of the men flinched
slightly.

She lifted out of the split she had done, sat down in front of the
surprised man, put both her legs over his shoulders, and then arched her
back, raising her buttocks.  As she was looking upside down at the
clients on the other side of the room though she was surprised to feel
her legs lifted off the man's shoulders by a ... woman's hands? "Oh
shit, I did guess wrong," she thought to herself.  But Chandel was in
for a surprise -- the woman lowered Chandel's legs onto HER shoulders.
The woman reached forwards, and looped the two side pieces of her thong
bikini around her index fingers, and started slowly removing it.  As she
did so, she lightly raked the cheeks of Chandel's ass with the second
and third fingers on each hand.  She also ran the nails of both little
fingers across the crack of her ass, and between her two pussy lips as
she pulled the bikini bottom off. Chandel shuddered as the nails lightly
caressed her clitoris.  The men in the audience all leaned forward, not
really believing their eyes.  This was getting interesting!

Chandel never had suspected that the first person to get a good look at
her special pussy-hair cut would be another woman in the audience of a
strip club, but that's what happened.  The woman took a good look at the
work done there, and smiled approvingly.  She rolled back to the centre
of the stage, sat up, and turned around slowly so that everyone in the
front row could get a good look at the special cut she'd had.  The men
clapped approvingly and smiled.  They were getting more than they
bargained for in this show.  Chandel decided they were going to get a
whole lot more before it was done.

She was surprised to find how wet and horny she was.  She got up, smiled
at the woman, and proceeded to go into the last part of her act. She
felt deliciously wanton, completely naughty, and intended to do
something about it. Deciding that the man with the lollypop would make
an excellent target, she crawled over to him on her hands and knees
never breaking eye contact.  When she reached him, she leaned forward,
and took the stem of his lollypop into her mouth, and tugged playfully
on it.  He let go not sure what was going to happen after what he just
saw. Chandel took the lollypop, rubbed it between the lips of her pussy
once, then plunged it in, coating it with her juices.  She held it out
to the man to lick, which he did.  Chandel giggled wickedly, took the
man's hand, and gave him back the lollypop, motioning for him to do the
same. He fumbled the first attempt at it, but with a little help from
her, he succeeded.  She let him plunge the lollypop into her, then
withdraw it, licking off her juices.  He repeated this procedure about 5
times when she motioned for him to stop (it's never a good idea to
ignore all the other patrons for too long).

There wasn't a man in the place whose eyes weren't glued to her at that
point, and she loved it!  She got up and walked seductively over to the
pole, and ground her pussy against the it.  Her juices were smearing the
pole and running down from where she gyrated against it.  The men were
clapping, cheering, and calling out encouragement to her.  Even the
bikers at the bar had walked over and were watching her with smiles on
their faces!  She could feel an orgasm building deep inside her.  Being
naked, and openly grinding her pussy against this brass pole in front of
all these men was getting her off very quickly!  As the song came to an
end, her orgasm built and overtook her, spreading in waves of ecstasy
all through her body.  She let out a scream of delight just after the
last note of the song ended.  This brought every man in the house to his
feet cheering!  She collapsed backwards onto the stage and lay there for
a few seconds soaking up the applause.  When she got up, the men were
still standing, clapping, cheering, and shouting for more.  She realized
she'd really outdone herself this time!

Chandel picked up the parts of her outfit and headed back to the
dressing room to cool down, and dress in her regular street cloths
outfit which were more regular clothes.  Dancers were usually careful
not to take attention away from the dancer who was currently on-stage.
As she was putting her stage costume away, she noticed that the thong
bottom wasn't in the pile of clothes.  Checking around on the floor and
in her bag proved fruitless, and she realized she must have forgotten
them.  Then she remembered the woman who had removed her bottom garment
so enticingly. She got dressed in her regular clothes, and went out to
look for her, but the seats in pervert's row where the couple was were
empty.  "Shit!" she swore, thinking that she'd lost another pair of
bottoms, and this time to a fucking customer no less.  Usually it was
the other strippers who would pinch your bottoms (so to speak).

It was then she noticed the couple sitting at a table in a dark corner
away from the stage.  The woman was waving for her to come over and join
them.  Chandel walked over and sat down, but was at a loss for what to
say to the couple.  "Hi, I'm Chandel," she blurted out, then
sarcastically thought to herself, "Stunning conversational opening
Chandel, nice going."

The gentleman introduced himself first.  "Hi, I'm David Oxford, and this
is my wife Diane," he said, proffering his hand to her.  She shook it
and smiled at Diane.

"Forgive me for being nervous," said Chandel, "but I don't normally talk
with the patrons, and after that last show...  well...  um..."  She
didn't know what to say, so instead shrugged her shoulders and blushed
slightly.

"That was a fantastic show.  Both myself and my wife really enjoyed it.
It's rare to find a performer who knows how to enjoy their work like you
do."

"Thanks me fo, I did put on more of a show that time than I usually do
though, I mean I don't normally..."  At this point Diane giggled
slightly and said, "You were wonderful.  Every man in this place loved
your show, you shouldn't be embarrassed.  I especially love what you did
to that poor man with the lollypop!  I saw him get up to go to the
bathroom.  He was having trouble walking!"  Everyone at the table
laughed, and Chandel relaxed a little.

"Diane, can I ask you a question?" Chandel asked.

"Certainly, what's on your mind?"

"Well, I'm just wondering...  Why did... "

"Why did I grab your legs and take off your bottoms?"

"Um, yes, that and..."

"Ah yes, the trick with the fingernails?" concluded Diane.

"Yes, that trick."  Chandel's heartbeat had gone up considerably since
the conversation had taken this twist.

"Mostly to make you remember us so we could talk to you later.  It's
also why I kept your bottoms instead of giving them to you at the end of
your act.  I'd like you to stay and talk for a while if you would?  I
have a proposition for you.  Will you stay a while and talk?"

"Sure, I guess so, I was only called in to do this one set because
another dancer hadn't shown up.  I usually dance at another bar, but the
owner here knows he can call on me in an emergency.  So I guess we can
talk as long as you want."

"Ok, but first let's go to the ladies room.  I'll give you back your
bottoms there ok?"

"Ok, I guess," Chandel said a little apprehensively.

"Come on then!" said Diane as she headed off in front of Chandel.

Both women headed for the ladies' room.  David watched both of them
closely until they were out of sight.  Chandel had a really nice figure,
and he was finding himself attracted to her.  He decided then not to
tell his wife this, as she might take offense.  He'd just enjoy his
conversation with her, for whatever reason it was happening.  This whole
scenario was a bit confusing to him.  His wife had certainly surprised
him when she had suggested that they pull into a strip bar!

Once Chandel and Diane were in the ladies room, Diane began explaining
the situation in much more detail.  "Chandel, I'm going to be very frank
with you.  At the end of what I have to say, you can either say yes or
no, but please hear me out.  It's my husband's birthday today, and for
all the years we've been married, he's been faithful to me, and I to
him.  I want to give him a surprise that will knock his socks off.  When
I saw you playing with the one man and that beer bottle, I figured you
might just be playful enough to go along with this.  I'm looking for a
third party to a threesome to join me and my husband.

"My husband and I have mentioned the possibility of a third party a few
times, but we never have agreed on how to go about it, so I'm going to
seize this opportunity and surprise him.  I've seen him looking at you,
and I know he'd like you in bed, but he'd never even consider the
possibility without me knowing, and he'd probably never ask me first for
fear of offending or hurting me.  I must admit in all honestly, that I
find myself attracted to you somewhat...  I don't want you to be scared
off by all this, but I felt you should know what I'd planned ahead of
time so there would be no surprises."

Chandel gulped, and cleared her throat.  She'd been expecting something
like this, but hadn't been able to convince herself it was really going
to happen.  Diane saw she was nervous, and tried to reassure her.  "You
can have some time to think about it.  How about we go back to our
seats, and in thirty minutes time after some small-talk, David and I
will get up to leave.  If you want to join us, make some pretense to
come along with us, if not, just wave goodbye, and we won't bother you
again, ok?"

Chandel nodded, and followed Diane back to the table.  She found it
difficult to concentrate on the small-talk, and noted that Diane was
carrying most of the conversation for her, for which she was grateful.
Now she was eyeing David over, and she liked what she saw.  David was
long in the leg, and well proportioned.  He smiled a lot and was very
friendly.  Yes, she could see herself in bed with this man, and enjoying
it!  But a threesome with another woman?  She'd never thought she'd
actually be in that position.  The idea both excited her and scared her
a little.

The conversation rolled on, another act took the stage which all three
of them watched some of the time.  After the act was done, and a few
more minutes had gone by, Diane asked David if he was ready to get
going.  David said that he did have some stuff to do, and they probably
should get going.  He turned to Chandel and said it had been nice to
meet her.

Chandel could never remember when she had been so nervous before.  She
hadn't been thinking about what she was going to do, and now the time to
decide had arrived!  She took a good look at David's body as he stood
up.  "Um, Diane?" she asked.

"Yes Chandel?"

"You wouldn't happen to be going downtown would you?  I'd really
appreciate a lift if it wouldn't be too far out of your way?"

Diane smiled warmly at Chandel.  "Not at all, we live halfway between
here and there.  Could I convince you to stop by for coffee or tea
before going downtown?  Maybe you could have a piece of birthday cake?
Oops, shit, sorry me fo, you didn't hear the part about the cake ok?
That was supposed to be a surprise."

"Cat's out of the bag now dear." said De fo, smirking.  "So, Chandel,
will you pop in for a bit?"

"Sure, I'd love to.  Thanks for the lift guys, I really appreciate it. I
could take a cab, but ..."

"We understand, cabs are usually smelly, and the driver never takes you
right where you want to go, just so he can bleed more money out of you."
said Diane.

"Sometimes the cab driver is pretty smelly too!" exclaimed Chandel, and
they all laughed at that.

In a few minutes, David pulled the car into the driveway, and they all
went into the house.

"De fo, could you be a sweetheart and go put on some coffee?" asked
Diane.

"Sure dear," said De fo, and kissed his wife briefly before heading off
into the kitchen.

"Come on Chandel, quickly..."

"Where are we going?"

"The bedroom, I want to try out a couple of my outfits on you before
he's done making the coffee.  You're about my size, so my lingerie
should fit you."

"What have you got planned?"

"I thought we'd give him a little show of our own, and wanted to
coordinate our outfits.  Do you think we could both do a striptease for
him?" asked Diane?

"Do you have any experience stripping?" asked Chandel.

"Not much, only in private in front of my husband," admitted Diane.

"Hmmm... How about a lingerie show instead?"

"Perfect!  He'll think I'm just trying to get him in the mood for later,
and won't suspect that you're part of what I intend for later!"

"Ok, let's pick out some outfits..."


"Coffee's ready!  Chandel, how do you take yours?" yelled David from the
kitchen.

"Lots of cream, no sugar!" Chandel yelled back.

"Honey," Diane called, "just put the coffee mugs on the coffee table,
and have a seat on the couch ok?  We'll be right in."

"Ok, will do."

David took the coffees out as instructed, sat back, and sipped on his
while he waited for Diane and Chandel to come claim theirs.  He was just
started to wonder when both ladies strutted into the room, in high heels
and black see-through full-length outfits that he'd seen on his wife
many times.  He sputtered into his coffee spilling some.  Diane giggled
and said, "Careful, don't burn yourself.  We thought we'd give you a
little private lingerie show, seeing as how it's your birthday."

"Um, ok," croaked David as his eyes wandered up and down Chandel's body.
He quickly averted his gaze when he realized he was staring at her tits,
and looked instead to his wife's face.  She only smiled back at him.
They both walked in front of him, twirled around, and walked back out.
David realized he had a raging hard-on which was impossible to conceal
since he was wearing dress pants.  He figured he'd just enjoy the show,
and so what if his member showed its appreciation also?

In a couple of minutes the ladies returned, this time in black g-strings
and black bras.  Chandel was wearing one of his wife's bras that was
open where the nipples were...  He took another gulp of coffee to keep
his mind (and hands!) occupied.  Again, the ladies strutted in front of
him, twirled around, and left the living room.  David took a deep breath
and let it out.  Having two semi-nude ladies displaying themselves in
front of him in the privacy of his own home was a real turn-on.  He
wondered what the next outfit would be?

David got his answer almost immediately.  Both ladies returned this time
with red feather boas, and nothing else.  They had the boas wrapped
around in such a way that their tits and pussies were covered.  They
walked in front of David again, twirled, and started to head back to the
bedroom, but stopped.

"De fo," said Diane, "Aren't you going to come unwrap your presents?"
David opened his mouth but found it was too dry to speak.  He took
another swallow of his coffee and tried to speak again, but all that
came out was a cute "erp?" noise.  "Get up and come over here handsome!"
his wife commanded.  He did as he was told and came over to her. "Well?"
she asked.  David looked at his wife, then at Chandel, then back at his
wife, took one end of the boa covering his luscious wife, and started to
uncoil it from her body.  He first uncovered her breasts, then pulled
the boa through between her legs, until she was naked except for the
shoes she was wearing.  He stood there in indecision for a few seconds.

"That's ONE present De fo, what about the other one?" Diane asked
firmly.

"You mean?" asked De fo.

"That's right De fo, she's your other present.  But before you unwrap
her, I want you to get those clothes off.  It's not fair that we're here
with almost nothing on and you're still fully clothed."

David couldn't believe what he was hearing, but started stripping
anyway.  He began with his shoes and socks, tossing them over by the end
of the couch.  Next he unbuttoned his shirt, down to his waist, then
unbuttoned his cuffs, and took off the shirt.  Both ladies were smiling
while looking at him.  He took the pants off too, and stopped there. His
wife came up to him, licked his neck, and murmured, "Underwear too
David, I want to see it all..."  Then she hooked her fingers in his
underwear, and lowered herself (and them) to the floor.

She took his cock in her mouth and began to lovingly caress it with her
tongue, then bobbed her mouth over it's head for a while until David
began to moan softly.  She stopped and stood up again, leaving him
looking at her questioningly.  Chandel was looking directly at his
turgid member with wide eyes and licking her lips slightly.  "Unwrap
your other present De fo," his wife commanded.  He walked over to
Chandel and uncoiled the boa from her body.

David looked over at Diane one more time just to make sure this is what
his wife really wanted.  "Chandel," said Diane, "I can see we've taken
David slightly by surprise.  Take him over to the couch and have him sit
down again."

"Slightly?" mumbled David with a slightly stunned look on his face.

Chandel led him over to the couch, and had him sit as his wife had
suggested.  Diane came over, knelt in front of David and motioned for
Chandel to do the same.  When they were both kneeling Diane started
licking up and down one side of David's cock.  Chandel joined in on the
other, and David started receiving his first two-woman blow-job.  He
leaned back further, spread his legs, and simply enjoyed.  Both women
were using their tongues and lips on his member, first acting together
from the tip of the shaft to the base and back, then in opposite
directions - he'd never felt anything like this before!

Diane positioned herself between David's legs and moved from licking his
cock to sucking on his balls, while Chandel started sucking his cock in
ernest.  David moaned out loudly as Chandel suddenly deep-throated him.
Her throat muscles constricted and relaxed as she swallowed repeatedly.
Chandel pulled back, swishing her tongue from left to right as she did,
and then plunged him deep back into her throat.  She pulled back again,
and tapped Diane on the shoulder - they switched roles.  Chandel now
tongued and sucked on David's balls, while his wife gave him a fantastic
blowjob.  This intense attention was getting to be too much - when
Chandel moved from licking his balls to tonguing his anus, he stiffened
and exploded in his wife's mouth, filling her with his cum.
Unfortunately, Diane had wanted Chandel to be the one to be on the
receiving end of that first load of cum, and wanting to share, brought
Chandel's face up between her hands, kissed her on the lips, and passed
her half a mouthful.  They both swallowed their portions of David's gift
while deeply french kissing each other.  Chandel took David's cock back
in her mouth, and sucked the remaining drops of cum out of his now
shrinking (and very satisfied) cock.

"De fo, would you please go down on Chandel while I watch?  I can wait a
bit and I want to see you tongue her to climax."  Chandel lay back on
the couch and spread her legs for De fo.  David tenderly licked around
the inside of her thighs, then moved to kissing the outer lips of her
pussy.  Chandel whimpered pleadingly, and thrust her hips up at De fo.
David however, felt like taking his time with this new flower of a woman
he'd been presented with.  He licked gently below her pussy near her
anus, then moved back to the inner thighs again.  "Mmm... Quit teasing
me De fo, eat me, please..." moaned Chandel.  He decided to wait no
longer, and thrust his tongue into her pussy causing her to gasp with
delight, then moved directly to the clitoris, surrounding it and the
immediate area with his lips, while he tongued her clit gently.  Then he
pressed his tongue up against it, and moved in a left and right fashion
so that her clit was pushed up against her pelvic area with every twitch
of her tongue.  Chandel arched her back and screamed in delight as she
came in a thundering orgasm more intense than she'd had in a long while.
David didn't stop though, he moved down to the entrance to her vagina
and tongue-fucked her for about 7 seconds, then moved back up to her
clit and sucked on it for a few seconds.  David repeated this pattern
five or six times.  Each time he went back to her clitoris, she had a
more explosive orgasm than the last time.

She begged him to stop after seven orgasms, and he did, but not before
tonguing the inside of her thighs and each of her tits again, causing
her to twitch uncontrollably.  "My turn De fo, I want the same thing
done to me that you just did to her!" exclaimed Diane as she sat on the
couch at Chandel's feet.  But since she was his wife, David decided to
tease her more, licking her neck first, then tonguing gently down her
front between her breasts to her navel.  Diane moaned appreciatively,
and David held her legs up so she was in a fetal crouch.  Then he
proceeded to lick starting at each buttock, and finishing at the back of
each knee.  Diane was soaking wet now, and looked at him with an
unmistakable look that pleaded, "Fuck me!"  But he wasn't through
teasing her yet...  He took her left foot in hand, and sucked each toe
gently, spending about 30 seconds on each.  When he was done with one
foot, he moved to the other spending just as long on each of the other
five toes.  Diane moaned, "De fo, please... eat me, I can't wait
anymore... PLEASE eat me..."  He didn't want to torture his wife
anymore, and plunged his tongue between her lips.  She screamed in
pleasure as his tongue moved up to her clitoris and back down again to
her wet hole, and back again.  He moved faster and faster, and finally
clamped his lips around her clitoral area, and sucked and tongued her to
an exhausting orgasm.  True to his word, he backed off for about seven
seconds, and moved back to her clitoris, giving her the same repeating
orgasms he gave Chandel.  She too finally begged him to stop, so he did.

"De fo, when I can move, I'm going to fuck your brains out," gasped his
wife, "but since I can't, and I see you're hard as a rock again, I'm
going to watch Chandel fuck your brains out first.  Chandel, do your
worst, and when he cums, suck him to keep him hard.  He's going to go
through some of what we just went through!"  Both women threw David a
wicked look, and he knew he was in for it then...

Chandel got off the couch, and motioned for David to move out to the
open floor, and lie on his back.  When she had him in position, she
kneeled down beside him, then straddled his hips.  She then took his
cock in her hand, and proceeded to rub the underside of the head against
her clitoris, moving slowly back and forth.  "I can tease too De fo,"
she purred as she played with his member.

David grabbed through her legs and grasped her buttocks, and slid down
between her legs, until she was sitting on his face.  He started licking
her gently around the outer lips, but stopped long enough to say, "Yes,
and I can tease right back."

"Mmmm...  That feels good, but not good enough.  Turn about's fair
play!"  With that, she pushed herself up, and turned around 180 degrees
so she was in a 69 position.  David started lightly licking her lips
again, and she started licking his balls.  "How long do you think we ...
mmmm... can ... oh God... keep up this mutual torture ... mmm... David?"
she asked.  David moaned in response, and drove his tongue as deep as he
could shove it inside her.

This was too much for Chandel to take.  She got off De fo, turned
around, straddled his hips again, and sunk his hard cock all the way
inside her in one quick stroke.  She started fucking him with slow long
strokes, but soon graduated to fast long strokes.  As she fucked him,
her juices streamed down his cock, coating his balls.  Diane looked on
with a smile on her face.  David wasn't going to get out of this lady
easily!

Chandel fucked him as fast as she could for over ten minutes having
several small climaxes herself before she felt his orgasm building.
Dripping in sweat, she looked him straight in the eyes, smiled, and said
"I want you to shoot deep inside me...  Now." That put De fo over the
edge, and he climaxed, and filled her with his cum.  She had an
explosive orgasm on the spot, but she didn't stop fucking him.  The look
on his face was a mix of intense pleasure, puzzlement, and terror... She
wasn't going to stop fucking him!  "De fo?" she gasped, "How much can
you take?"

"Enough...  I came already... please, get off!" pleaded De fo, and tried
to throw Chandel off.  By this time, Diane was ready for him, came over,
and tapped Chandel on the shoulder.  Chandel got off, sat on David's
shoulders to pin him down, and Diane straddled David's hips and slowly
started fucking him in the same fashion.

"Oh my God!  No, please...  It's too much!" yelled David, but to no
avail.  His wife was going to exercise her legal rights under marriage,
whether he could take the strain or not!  "Chandel, he may not be able
to keep it up, could you help out?" asked Diane.

"What did you have in mind?"

"I'll lean forward some, you push his legs up so he's bent at the knees
and lick his balls while I continue fucking him ok?"

"Ok, sounds like fun!"

"Oh Jesus!" exclaimed De fo.

Chandel giggled mischievously, carried out Diane's instructions to the
letter, and started licking on David's balls.  She decided this wasn't
enough though, and took one of his balls into her mouth and started
sucking lightly.

Diane leaned forward and muffled David's cries with a deep french kiss.
He wrapped his arms around her and started pumping at her with fervour.
Diane was curious to see if his second orgasm would be more powerful
than his first, like hers were.  Chandel switched balls, and David's
body suddenly tensed all over.  He let out a cry of pure ecstasy and
shot his second load deep inside Diane.  She pumped for two more
strokes, and came with him, and both women mercifully stopped their
attentions to him.

"How is he?" asked Chandel.

"De fo?" asked Diane as she tried to get his attention.  "I think he
passed out!  I guess we were too much for him Chandel!"

"What do you say to giving him a real scare?" asked Chandel

"Like what?"

"Let's take him in the bedroom and tie him to the bedposts.  Do you have
any rope in your basement?"

"I think so, and I even have two different leather costumes I don't use
often.  Want to try them on?"

"Sure!  After we get him into the bedroom and tied down though.  You
grab his arms, I'll grab his legs..."



ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
