Archive-name: Fetish/dancer01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Dancer

Keywords: Exhibition

   
       My name is "Show Girl".  I'm 23 years old, 5'5" tall, 115 pounds, and
  my measurements are 36C-21-34. I'm a natural blonde, with blue eyes and I'm
  into sexy talking and sexy ideas. 
       Actually, MY fantasy is to be on a stage with a lot of people watching
  me dance naked. In my fantasy, the guys hoot and holler, making very lewd
  and suggestive remarks about what they'd like to do to me in bed.  I dance
  alone for a while, shaking my tits in their faces, or bending over in front
  of them close enough for them to try to lick my pussy. They all chicken out
  at the last minute though, and this makes be bolder and hotter the longer I
  dance. 
       I have in mind one of those semi-round stages, with a short, straight
  runway straight out from the stage. I start out dressed in a skirt and
  blouse, and quickly lose my clothes to stand completely nude before every-
  one.  
       While I'm dancing, my pussy gets wetter and wetter, and I feel my
  pussy cream mixing with the sweat that covers me from dancing under the hot
  lights. Faces are blurred beyond the edge of the stage, but the men are all
  intent on checking out my body.  As I dance, I get more and more suggestive
  about what I want.  I'll lay on my back with my legs spread and rock my
  hips as though I was being fucked hard and fast.  Then I roll over and
  spread my legs and thrust back, showing everyone my wet pussy and sexy ass.
  This I do with a nice looking guy of about 27 sitting at the edge of the
  stage.  I shove my ass and cunt almost in his face several times. When I
  get up and dance by him, I can see a thick bulge in his lap, and I know
  he's hot for me.  
       Finally, I see a pretty woman about my age sitting at the edge of the
  runway with her boyfriend across the table from her.  I dance down towards
  her and lay on my stomach, pressing my large breasts against the floor. I
  look her in the eye and run my tongue across my lips sensuously, then flick
  my tongue up and down, showing her I'd like to eat her pussy too.  To my
  surprise, she give me an air-kiss, and runs her tongue around her lips too.  
       Excited, I sit up and spread my legs wide, with my ass at the edge of
  the stage, gyrating my hips lewdly right in front of her. I'm daring her to
  show me.  Then she leans forward, and I hear the crowd hush.  Her tongue
  lightly licks my soaking pussy, and she runs it over my clit, taking me
  closer to a climax. She leans back and fingers my vagina, and then licks my
  cream from her fingers, smiling up at me.  
       I stand up, a little weakly, and continue to dance. But now, I'm
  dancing for her, enticing her to let me join her for the night.  Instead,
  when I dance in front of another handsome man, she climbs up on stage and
  walks up behind me. I'm squatting down, legs wide apart for this handsome
  man to inspect my pussy, and I'm leaning back on one hand.  The woman comes
  up behind me and reaches around to cup my tits, then shake them and squeeze
  them for the handsome stranger. 
       Her touch is electric, filling me with a fiery passion. We both rise,
  and her hands take mine to the buttons on her blouse. I undress her on the
  stage, with the guys cheering us on.  She's wearing no bra, and her firm
  breasts are pointing straight out at mine.  I lean close and rub my nipples
  to hers, and we both feel the sensual heat in our breasts. Quickly I remove
  the rest of her clothes, and we kiss, pressing our bodies together.  Her
  soft flesh presses to mine, and our hands explore each other. I pull her
  cheeks open to show her off to the men in the room, and she does the same
  to me a moment later.  
       We dance together a little, down to the end of the runway. She pushes
  me to the floor, then kneels over me, lowering her beautiful pussy to my
  mouth. I get my first taste of her cream, and greedily lick her juices up.
  She is holding on to my large breasts,  pulling on my nipples.  I feel a
  hand exploring my thighs and then my pussy, knowing it belongs to one of
  the men in the audience who is bold enough to try.   
       She leans forward and pulls my legs up, and a mouth covers my vagina,
  licking and sucking as only a woman would, bringing me to the apex of
  arousal. I am filled with fire, a wild, burning passion for more, for more
  of her tasty pussy, her erotic touch.  I feel something warm and thick
  press against my opening, and I know some man has his prick out and is
  going to fuck me.  And I want to be fucked, fast and hard while everyone
  watches me.  
       The woman's pussy is flowing like thick honey all over my face. Her
  cream is sweet and warm. The prick begins moving in me, sliding easily in
  my soaked pussy.  She continues to lick me near my clit, and she keeps me
  close to the edge.  My body reacts to the man inside me, squeezing and
  trying to wrap around him, but my hands have her cheeks spread wide, and
  she has my legs held back.  Her breasts press against my belly, and slide
  in my sweat, feeling so erotic and sensual.  
       Now I see a man standing over my head, his hard prick standing
  straight out of his pants. He kneels and presses the head against her
  opening and slides in easily.  His invading cock spills more of her sweet
  juice into my mouth with every stroke, and I'm licking at his large balls
  as they sway and slap against her cunt.  
       I feel the man in me start fucking hard, fast, urgently. His body
  slams against me in a rough assault on my pussy, until he shoves himself
  deep inside and squirts his come deep in my body.  He withdraws quickly,
  leaving my pussy to contract after he's gone.  My fantasy woman begins
  licking and sucking his sperm out of me, and she's thrusting back against
  the man in her pussy too. I'm so close, so very close myself, and I rock my
  hips on her mouth, wanting her to make me come too. 
       I feel and see the man above me press deep into her cunt, and I can
  almost feel his cock throb and spurt inside her.  He too withdraws, and
  then presses her sweaty ass down, shoving her cunt against my face.  Her
  pussy oozes his sperm out into my mouth, and I drink it all down, swallow-
  ing her cum mixed with his.  
       I feel a warm liquid running down my pussy, and then a warm splat near
  my anus.  Our sweaty bodies slide and slip against each other, as she licks
  up the sperm that someone spurted on me. Another man stands over my face
  and her rear, jerking himself furiously.  I can barely see two others over
  her body, doing the same.  
       More warm liquid runs down my pussy, warming my labia, matting my
  hairs. Her tongue seems to be everywhere between my legs.  The man standing
  crouches down and squirts his thick, white sperm on her ass. I watch the
  thick white drops running down her cheeks, towards my mouth. The next man
  kneels next to us and I feel his hand on my breast. She lifts up slightly,
  and then he presses his long, hard cock between us, just in time to come. I
  can feel his thick shaft throb as a large, wet warmth covers my breast and
  her stomach.  The third man presses his short, thick cock against her anus
  and I watch his thick sperm flow down her pussy, just as he shoves the head
  into her asshole.  His cock thobs again, and he pulls out and leaves.  
       When we sit up, most of the men have their pricks in their hands and
  are pumping up and down.  She turns around and licks the sperm from my
  nipple and chest, then begins sucking on my nipples. Her boyfriend stands
  up on stage. His trim, lean naked body has a nice cock, and he walks
  forward and holds it to my mouth. The woman slides her fingers in me and
  begins to lightly bite my nipples.  I lean my head back and let her
  boyfriend fuck my mouth.  The men are cheering him on, urging him to cum in
  my mouth, or on my face. Some even calling for him to cum on my tits. The
  woman releases my breasts, and begins to suck his balls, looking up at him
  and telling him to come. She tells me that he comes a lot too.  
       I can feel him ready to shoot, and she pulls him out of my mouth, and
  pumps his sperm all over my face and hers.  She holds him and then kisses
  me, her tongue licking his cream from my chin.  Then she licks his head,
  and pulls him around to fuck my pussy.  He rolls me over and presses my
  hips to the floor, pushing my legs together. The woman slides in front of
  me and spread herself for me to lick her.  
       He presses his cock against my opening and shoves hard, driving his
  still hard flesh deep inside me. The woman pulls my head against her pussy
  and he begins to fuck me hard and fast. I'm starting to come like crazy,
  and the crowd cheers. I moan and shake my head wildly, and arch up against
  his every thrust. The woman too is coming, her pussy soaking my face all
  over again.  
       Suddenly he plunges deep inside me and I feel his cock throb as his
  thick sperm rushes into my hot, wet cunt.  I'm almost screaming into her
  sopping wet pussy, and shaking all over.  Her legs wrap around my head and
  she bucks against my face, pulling my hair hard. 
       The two of us lay there, sweating, slippery, and soaked. Her boyfriend
  pulls out and climbs down to get dressed.  My legs are still spread as his
  come flows out of me and spreads a wet pool on the stage.  The woman now
  unwraps herself from around my head, and pulls me up and kisses me again.
  The audience is cheering and giving whistles.  We both stand and bow, and
  then walk backstage to clean up.  Behind the curtains, she stops me and
  spreads my legs, licking her boyfriend's sperm from my thighs and cunt. 
       She and I enter a dressing room, and she can't stop sucking my
  nipples. Her fingers are driving me wild again, and then she moves to the
  door, pulling me along by my cunt. We go out the back door, still naked,
  sweaty, and wet with come. Her boyfriend has the car out back with the door
  open. She pulls me in, and we drive off.  In the back seat, she kisses me
  again, and licks my cum from her fingers.  Her boyfriend drives his two
  naked ladies home.  As we pull into the driveway, we're still naked in the
  back seat.  She turns to me, her hand on my left breast. 
       "That was fun sis.  Can I do the dancing next time?"
   
--
