Dannie Boy         (FICTION:  From a corrupt and obtuse mind)

     I'll tell you, getting mixed up with Dannie VanAllen has
been one of the greater shocks I have been dealt in my 33 years
on this earth. Dannie is 13 near 14, and the son of a friend of
mine.  If Donnie ever found out about that day, there would be
two murders, maybe more.  It was some day, and TOTALLY unexpected.


     It all started with a call from Donnie asking me to come out
to his place and work on a radio relay that his local ham radio
club operated on top of Patterson Mountain, not far from his
house.  I have been into radio repair for the last ten years and
had always wanted to go to the top of that mountain.  It was
reputed to be a special place, but I had no idea HOW special it
would become.  On the appointed day, I loaded up my stuff and
headed West in the 4 X 4.

     After a nice drive through the hills, I pulled into Donnie's
drive-way at his home.  As I shut off the engine, Dannie bounced
out of the pool and ran over to my truck.  I hadn't seen him in
maybe a year and a half, and he sure had changed.  He was wearing
nothing but a nearly transparent white Speedo swim suit and was
showing a nice bulge where it counted.  His blond hair was wet
and plastered to his head which kind of changed his looks, but
not that grin. The rest of him had changed, though, and for the
better!

     I stole a look at him as he came to the truck. He was in
that delightful time of youth when he hadn't lost the softer
contours of childhood, but was filling out to adult shape.  He
was about 5' 6" tall, and looked to weigh around 130 lbs.  It was
all I could do to keep from eye-balling him and maybe spilling
the beans about my well hidden lifestyle. From the urgent feeling
in my crotch, it would have spilled the beans for me then and
there.

     I concentrated on the fact that he was telling me that his
Dad had been called out of town on an emergency call, and that he
was to take me up the mountain to work on the radios.  Man, this
suited me just fine! Donnie is a nice guy, but Dannie was going
to be a lot better scenery. He asked me in for a Coke, so we
headed for the house.

     Dannie pitched me the soda and then toweled off in the
garage.  I got a really good look at him as he toweled his back
and legs, and really struggled to keep my cool.  When he bent
over at the waist, I nearly shot my load right there.  He had
peach fuzz hair showing on his arms and legs, with nice blond
armpits, and just the beginnings of his adult hair on the insides
and fronts of his upper legs.  He had nice muscles for his age,
and a developing V-shape that I could tell would be awesome in
another year or so.

     He slipped on some high-top tennis shoes and a shirt, which
he left open at the front, grabbed his Dad's keys to the repeater
building, and announced that he was ready to go.  I was too!  And
HOW!  We jumped in my truck, backed out of the drive and headed
for Patterson Mountain.

     The drive on the highway was uneventful, except for me
stealing quick looks at this kid's great bod.  He showed me where
to turn off the highway on to the gravel road and I thought to
myself:  "This ain't gonna be so bad, after all".  However, the
road deteriorated in about exact proportion with which other
things improved.  It wasn't long before we were in 4WD low/LOW,
and inching and crawling over gravel the size of softballs and
rocks buried in the road the size of a hippo's back.  All this
while going up a hill that you knew couldn't get any steeper
until, sure as Hell, .... it got worse.

     I didn't have much time for sightseeing, what with fighting
for my life, but The Kid was having a great time.  Besides
laughing at me and my white knuckles, he seemed to be really
enjoying the wild ride.  He allowed that his Dad wasn't nearly so
much fun to watch wrestling with the hill.  Well, I agree, his
Dad wasn't as much fun as watching Dannie, either!

     Every time I sneaked a glance at his crotch, I could swear
that it was growing, and before too long, there wasn't any doubt.
Every time we would hit a big rock, he would get harder, until HE
was hard as a rock. I thought to myself, Kid, you have got one
Hell of nice tool, and then he caught me looking.  Staring was
more like it, and I damn near ran off the road (such as it was).

     The Kid said:  "Whacha lookin' at?".  I stammered and
sputtered around but we both knew that he had me cold.  I told
him that he just had a great body, and I couldn't help but look. 
He allowed that he knew that I had been looking him over, but he
didn't mind because he was gay, too.  I asked him how he knew he
was gay, and he said that he had an older friend and that they
had done a lot together.  He felt there just wasn't much doubt
anymore. I asked him how long he knew, and he said that they knew
for about the last year.  I asked him if his Folks knew, and he
said:  "NO WAY!, and they better not!".  Well, considering where
he had me, I told him that sure as Hell I wasn't gonna tell,
either.

     I got the truck back in gear and started on up the mountain.
Between the rocks, boulders, and tree limbs on that goat path, it
was quite a ride. Dannie squeezed his hard-on through his Speedos,
and I could see that he had at least five inches.  Not bad for a
13 year old.  He finally reached down inside and pulled on it,
and then humped himself up off the seat and skinned that little
old suit right off.

     I could hardly get my breath.  Between what I was seeing and
the "thrill" of getting up the mountain, I was in a real daze.  I
looked over and he had a real nice cut cock, red from all his
attention, that was between five and six nicely formed inches. 
He had nice balls that looked to be the size of large pecans. 
His pubes were nice, and were just a little darker than his now
curly hair.  He wasn't fixed like a horse, but was just great for
his size.  He was gonna be really something when he grew up.

     We finally got to the top where there was a clearing
surrounded by trees and brush.  In the center of the clearing was
the tower and shack. It was more or less level, and I pulled into
the trees a little to get out of the sun, and, I guess, out of
direct view.  I shut off the truck and sat there for a few
seconds watching him when he said:  "Aren't ya gonna show me
yours?".  I said that I sure intended to oblige him!

     Like I said, I am 33 years old, about 6', or so, tall, weigh
about 175 lbs, with black hair and moustache.  I'm sure as Hell
not beautiful like this kid, but I ain't embarrassed, either.  I
have the usual amount of black hair in the average places, and
"Old Ace" is cut, between six and seven inches depending on the
encouragement at hand.  "Ace" was definitely thrilled today!  I
scooted back the seat and flipped up the tilt wheel, unzipped,
and slipped down my jeans and shorts in quick order.

     I kind of stroked myself a coupla times, and a big old drop
of clear cum came out the end and drooled off the side.  He was
still jacking on his, squeezing his fingers over the head, which
was well lubricated, too, by this time.  He slipped over next to
me, spread his legs and took my dick in his hand, giving it the
same treatment he had been giving his.  When he touched me, it
felt like electricity going through my whole body.  My legs
jerked every time he moved his hand.  I took my rougher hand and
lightly ran it over his legs and belly, and then ever so lightly
ran my thumb and fingers up and down his cock.  He sighed and
took a deep breath, and scooted closer to me.

     This went on for a couple of minutes and he said that I'd
better stop or he was going to make a mess in the truck.  We just
stopped for a minute, and I held him close and kissed him on the
temple.  He grinned, and hugged me tight.  I thought to myself: 
"Jesus!, what am I doing?"!

     I made some comment about being pretty exposed up here, and
Dannie said that it was private property and posted, and that he
and his friend came up there a lot.  Besides you could hear a
truck coming up the hill in plenty of time.  I was still pretty
jumpy, but pretty soon was sucked into his confident mood, and we
sat there and felt each other and talked for a little bit.  I was
amazed how forward he was for his age.  He seemed like 13 going
on 25.

     I finally said that we could be a lot more comfortable in
the camper shell in back where I had an old camping mattress.  We
pulled up our pants a little and went to the back and opened it
up, including the side windows. It had a real nice breeze up
there and he slipped off his shirt, dropped his trunks, and
hopped up inside.  I rearranged the toolboxes a little, slipped
off my t-shirt, pulled off my jeans and shorts and followed him
in.  He was watching me, and when I got in, he rolled close, put
his arm around me and hugged me like I was his favorite teddy
bear.  When he looked up at me, I kissed him again on the
forehead, then on his nose, and then on his lips. I was surprised
when he kissed back, and was really good at it.  I asked him
where he learned that, and he said it was his friend.  I shoulda
figured that out by now.  I told him: "Yeah", and made a mental
note to get to know his friend, too.

     I rolled him on top facing me, and we laid there kissing,
while I ran my fingers through his curly hair, down his back, up
his sides, (where he giggled).  Down his back, cupping his young,
tight ass cheeks, and sliding my fingers up through his crack. 
When I did that, he wiggled, and humped into my belly.  My iron-
hard cock had slipped up between his legs, and he clamped them
together as I humped him a little.  I continued to rub his back
with my left hand, and slid my right fingers through his crack
again, brushing over his tight little pucker.  I asked him if he
had ever had a finger up his ass, and he said:  "Yeah, a coupla
times", but to be careful because it hurt sometimes.

     I lubed up my middle finger with spit a couple of times, and
wet his pucker.  Then I eased my finger into his tight, tight
asshole.  He immediately tightened up, so I stopped, kissed him a
little, and rubbed his back and side a little.  He relaxed, and I
eased my finger a little further into that great butt.  He
wiggled and thrust into my belly several times and it slipped in
to the second knuckle.  I just left it in there without moving it
for a little bit, and then started a little in-out motion. I
asked him how it felt, and he said that it was ok.  I kind of
worked my finger around a little till he was loosened up some,
and then just sort of brushed his prostate with a gentle nudge. 
The results were immediate and electric!  He gasped and grabbed
me tight, hunched into my belly until he practically lifted
himself off me, and dumped his load hot and fast! I could feel
him unload all over between us, then he bucked a couple of times,
and collapsed on top of me breathing like he'd run a mile.  I
eased my finger out of his ass real slowly and he twitched a
couple of times, and just laid there breathing heavy.  I held him
tight and enjoyed the sticky wetness that was between us.

     He got his breath, and asked:  "Jeez, what did you do to
cause that?"! I told him that it was a real magic spot, and that
maybe his buddy hadn't showed him everything there was to know
just yet.  He grinned and laughed, and allowed as he was real
happy to learn if there was more like that! I told him that there
was, and that patience was a virtue to be admired.

     He rolled to the side, or should I say slipped off, and
looked between us.  I said that was some load for a kid his age,
and he said it was more than usual.  He was sticky all over his
chest and he had soaked me to my throat.  We laid there a second
and he reached over and started to jack on me.  I had softened a
little, and was back at attention in a couple of strokes.  He did
it for a minute or so, and then moved to suck me off. It took all
my willpower to stop him, but I said he should hold on a second.
He looked at me funny, and I said:  "Hasn't your friend taught
you about being safe?".  He said that he knew I didn't have
anything, and I told him the lecture would come later.  In the
meantime, get me the Band-Aid tin out of my toolbox.  I always
carry a few unlubed "safes" with me "just in case", and fetched
out a couple.  I showed him how to put it on me, and I laid back
while he rolled it down to the base.  The Kid was a quick learner,
no doubt!

     It was heaven watching and feeling him roll that rubber on. 
I just feel so damn sexy when using one, even though it takes a
little of the spontaneity away when you stop to put one on. 
Anyway, it was great, and I was going to get blown by this great
looking 13 year old kid.

     He licked it a little, and made a face, saying it tasted
awful. I said to quit complaining and get to work.  He laughed
and took me at my word.  My cock is too big for him to deep
throat, so he worked around on the head, and down as far as he
could, which was maybe half way.  He worked on it a while like
that, and then started to jack on it and play with my balls a
little while working on the head.  He would suck on the head and
run his tounge down in the end, then put his lips around the
crown and kind of move his head in a circle, all the time licking
the head the opposite direction of his circling.  Then he would
suck down and lick one side, and then pull up and lick the other
side all the way up. Then he would go as far down on it as he
could, and then suck back off of it while licking the bottom all
the way to the crown.  I mean to tell you, it was something else.
Whoever his buddy is, he has sure taught this boy how to suck
cock!

     While he was working on me, I felt him up again, and he was
hard in no time flat.  I tore open another Trojan, and unrolled
it down his young cock.  That was really a turn-on.  He stopped
just long enough to grin at me and went back to work.  I boosted
his ass up and he straddled my face in the classic 69 position,
and I started licking and sucking his cock and balls.  I do admit,
though, those Trojans do taste like shit, but I ain't takin' any
chances.

     We laid there working on each other for, like, five or ten
minutes, and then I started getting really close.  I started
deep-throating his cock and picked up speed, and he took the hint
and picked it up, too. In less than a minute, I unloaded, filling
the end of the rubber, and two or three inches up the sides. 
Just as I finished, The Kid went off too, and hunched and fucked
his cock down my throat.  Oh man, I wish I could taste his sweet
young cum!  ......All this, and I'm complaining??

     He pulled up off of me, turned around, and laid half on me,
and we just laid there quiet-like, and held each other.  I told
him what a beautiful, sweet kid he was, and how glad I was to
have shared all of that with him.  He told me that I was the only
other that he had done it with, besides his friend, and that he
thought I was totally awesome, too!  He wanted to do it all again,
but I said with a grin: "What the Hell?!", he had gotten off
twice already, and we had work to do!  He allowed as how he could
do it two or three more times, but I slapped him on the ass,
handed him some shop towels, and told him to get busy and clean
us up!  He did a decent job, and we threw the paper towels and
used rubbers in a trashbag there in the truck, eased out the back,
and got dressed.  "Old Ace" was kinda hanging, but damned if that
kid wasn't still half hard!
