

                            A DARK AND STORMY NIGHT

             As  a  famous  author  once  wrote,  it was a "Dark and Stormy
     Night" as sea coast weather can  often  be.  It was raining very hard,
     even by the sea coast standards that I was used  to.    The  rain  was
     almost  snow.  I was sitting in my car at the deserted ferry terminal.
     It was Thursday, and no ferrys docked at this terminal this evening.

             I remember the first time  I  met  her.    She worked at a car
     rental agency at the airport.  I had reason to be in the terminal most
     every night and we struck up a casual conversation.  This went on  for
     several  months.    She  was about 5'8", 145 lbs, brown hair and brown
     eyes.   Her  figure  was  shapely,  and  her  breasts  small  but very
     attractive.  Because of her job, she dressed conservatively, but there
     was a very sexy quality about her.  Occasionally her blouse would  gap
     a  bit  and  I  would  get a glimpse of her bra covered breasts. I was
     fascinated.  She had a wonderful  personality.  There were many people
     around always so our conversation was casual.

             One evening, I was dropping a co-worker at her  residence  and
     was  invited in by her mother for fresh cookies.  I was about to go in
     and received a radio call that I was needed at the airport, at the car
     rental counter.  Well, so much  for  the chocolate chip cookies.  Duty
     called.  I got to the airport, about a 5 minute drive,  and  went  in.
     She  had some information that I had asked about.  We joked around and
     I mentioned that as much as I  needed the information, it cost me some
     chocolate chip cookies.  We laughed about it and I went on my way.

             The next evening, I received another call to the airport.    I
     went  in  and there on her counter was a plate of fresh baked chocolate
     chip cookies.  We talked  a  bit,  over  cookies and her customers and
     again I went on my way.

             Being in a high visibility occupation, I was forced to be very
     cautious in my dealings with women, especially since I was married.  I
     did get brave and wrote a note that said, simply, "Good Morning Lovely

     Lady," sealed it in an envelope and secretly dropped it into her purse
     that sat open on the side counter.  I figured that in the morning  she
     would notice the envelope and open it.

             Coming back to the present, the rain was now falling as a very
     wet  snow, and was starting to accumulate on the windshield of my car.
     I had the radio on the local  soft music station, and had to start the
     engine to generate some heat as  the  outside  temperature  was  about
     freezing.    A car's headlights pulled into the deserted terminal, but
     it was just turning around.

             It was a  few  days  after  the  "note  in the purse" incident
     before I saw her again.  She tried to seem annoyed at my greeting, but
     didn't act the part very well.  I could tell she was pleased.   I  had
     to  be  careful  about  spending too much time at the airport for fear
     that someone would "notice."

             A couple weeks went by and my  wife had a chance to fly off to
     a city about 700 miles away and then drive back.  She would  take  the
     children.  Without much thought, I encouraged her to go as I knew that
     she  would  enjoy  the  trip and get to see her parents.  She would be
     gone about a week.


                                     1




               I was working day shift,  which  ended  at 3pm.  Saturday came
     along and I was off after the shift for two days.   What  to  do  with
     Saturday  evening?    There  was nothing much at the theaters and even
     less on TV.  I still had need  of some information at the airport so I
     decided that probably a little off duty work was in order.  I  decided
     that I would call her up and see if the plane was going to be on time.
     My heart leapt as she answered the phone. We talked a bit and she told
     me  that the plane was running a couple hours late so she was going to
     go home and feed her children  and  then  come back as her husband was
     out of town.  We talked a bit more and the subject  of  the  fantastic
     milk  shakes  at  the  local  drive-in  restaurant.    They were known
     everywhere.  I said,  in  jest,  "Why  don't  I  buy you one after the
     flight leaves."  She said "That would be great!"  Boy was I surprised.
     We agreed that after the plane left we'd meet in the  airport  parking
     lot and go for a shake.

             The  next two hours were endless.  I couldn't believe that she
     was going to spend a little time  with me.  I actually paced the floor
     in my apartment!

             The plane came and went and I didn't get the information  that
     I  wanted.     I went out to my car and she came out shortly.  She was
     wearing a clear  rain  jacket,  a  zippered  blue  jean  coat and grey
     slacks.  I couldn't see what else she had on.  She suggested  that  we
     go  in  her car as it was less known in the area.  We went over to the
     drive up window and got  two  strawberry  shakes.   We pulled into the
     parking lot like a couple of teen agers and shut off the car.  We  sat
     in  the  car  and  watched  it rain while we enjoyed the shakes.   She
     un-zipped her raincoat as  it  warmed  up  in  the car. She eventually
     un-zipped the jeans jacket also and disclosed a  sheer  white  blouse.
     The  dim  lighting  failed to reveal the exact design, but it was very
     alluring. We talked well past the shakes, and I asked if she'd like to
     go for a ride.  She said she would  and would I drive?  I moved to the
     driver seat and we headed for an ocean overlook about 20 miles away.

             It was snowing harder now as my wait  at  the  ferry  terminal
     lenghtened.    She  had  said about what time she'd be there but I had
     gotten there early.   My  windshield  was completely snow covered, but
     the snow was so wet that it wasn't sticking on  the  ground.    I  sat
     back. turned up the music a little and let my mind wander.

             We had sat at the overlook for awhile and just talked.  It had
     stopped  raining  and  a  few stars could be seen.  Finally I just sat
     looking at her and she at  me.    I  reached over and kissed her.  Our
     tongues met and we held each other tightly.    I  reached  inside  her
     jacket  and  felt  her breasts.  They were fairly small but firm.  She


     reacted immediately to my touch.    The blouse covering them was silky
     and pleasant to the touch.  I slowly un-buttoned it, one button  at  a
     time.    Her bra was white, and substantial.  I lowered the straps and
     un-hooked it.  We sat  and  enjoyed  each other for awhile and decided
     that this overlook was a bit too public.  We drove  back  toward  town
     and  went  up  to  the  community  college, deserted at this hour.  We
     parked on a side  road  and  continued  our exploration of each other.
     She began to feel guilty and we didn't make love that night.   We  sat
     for a long time and finally she dropped me back at my car.




                                     2




             The  ten o'clock news came on the radio and it was now raining
     again, dissolving the wet snow  that  had  been falling.  A car pulled
     into the terminal and went slowly past.  I could see  that  it  wasn't
     her,  but  some other lady apparently on her way to a rendezvous.  She
     stopped at the other end of the  parking area and someone got out of a
     car and into hers.  They drove off.  I watched it as the  rain  turned
     to  snow  again.  She said she'd meet me as close to 10 o'clock as she
     could.  The news ended and the music began again.  It rained harder.

             I thought back  to  another  rainy,  stormy  night  when I was
     working swing shift, which ended at 11pm.  She  called  about  10:30pm
     and said that she had to be at the downtown ferry terminal to meet the
     11pm  ship.  I told her I'd stop by.  It was quiet so I got to leave a
     few minutes early.  She was  there  and  we got into my car and headed
     south out of town.  We had very little time as we were  both  expected
     home.    We stopped at a secluded wayside and were in each others arms
     immediately.  I undid her blouse  and front closing bra and rubbed her
     nipples.  They became instantly hard and her breath became  short  and
     ragged.    I slid her slacks down over her narrow hips and removed her
     bikini panties.  I removed my pants and entered her.  I stroked her in
     and out and satisfaction came  to  both of us almost immediately there
     on the front seat of my car.  There wasn't time for formality, but  we
     had  to  have each other.  We drove back to town and she sat very near
     to me.  We talked  about  little  things  and each secretly hoped that
     this wouldn't be the last timewe would be together.

             I could see her car's headlights coming some distance  off  as
     the  snow  began to fall again.  She pulled up and I got into her car.
     We drove off and headed north.    We  finally pulled into a small road
     that lead to a private harbor, totally deserted this time of the year.
     We stopped in the parking  area  and  shut  off  the  car.    We  were
     immediately  in  each other's arms.  Both of us had good reasons to be
     away from home this evening so there  was no pressing rush.  I felt of
     her breasts thru her jacket.  I could feel her arousal already.    She
     was  wearing  a  jacket,  sweatshirt,  sweater,  blouse, camisole, and
     bra,along with heavy slacks. I  commented  that she was quite dressed,
     even considering the weather. She said that the reason  was  that  she
     wanted  to  see  me but knew we shouldn't make love so she "covered it
     all up."  We slowly  removed  her  clothing  (and  mine).  Her bra was
     dainty and lacy.  It was totally dark but my fingers gave me a  better
     picture  of  it  that  I could have gotten with some light.  I finally
     entered her and  began  slowly  stroking  my  cock  in  and out of her
     warm,wet love canal.  I took deep, loving strokes and I could feel her
     tensing up.  She started to climax and just kept on  the  pinnacle  of
     ecstacy  as I tried to slow my own excitement.  She stayed on the peak
     of climax for what seemed like  forever.   I finally couldn't stand it
     any more and I shot the biggest load of cum that I had ever given into
     her. I continued to move in and out of her as she subsided.    Finally
     we  napped  in  each other's arms as the rain fell and the wind rocked
     the car.

             It soon became cold and we  awoke and slowly dressed.  We each
     new that this would be the last time for us as I was being transferred
     as was her husband.  We drove slowly back to the terminal where my car
     was parked and each went our separate ways. The rain was still falling
     as we parted and we promised each other that when we heard  very  hard
     rain  on  the  roof,  we  would think of each other and to this day, I
     remember our Dark and Stormy Night whenever it rains.



                                     3


