"DARK EYES and BLONDE"
by David Lee

	It was a Rainbow Family Gathering in a summer during the 
seventies. I had an old milk truck converted into a nest for me, 
Songbird, a traveling minstrel. The gathering was held in July in 
Oregon near Roseburg, and it was a beautiful spot.
	I parked my van in the parking area, grabbed my guitar, and 
hiked to the festival. I roamed around all afternoon in my robe, 
stopping to sing once in awhile, admiring beautiful women and men, 
 most of them dressing in a manner that showed they were not 
ashamed of their bodies, which were usually healthy and pretty.
	By the time the sun set, I was hoping some lady that I was 
attracted to, would feel the same about me. That night it was pitch 
black with no moon out, and I was at a large campfire where they 
were serving food to whomever was hungry. I was starved and stuffed 
myself with vegetarian food. 
	After feeding myself, I decided to sing for my supper, took 
out my guitar, and sang some Beatles tunes, Bob Dylan stuff, and so 
on; when suddenly I noticed a lady with dark hair and Dark Eyes 
gazing at me in a way that gave me chills from my eyes to my groin.
	I finished the song, laid my guitar aside, and moved over to 
talk to her. She was from the Seattle area, where she worked and 
had a boyfriend. She loved my singing and said, "can we spend the 
night together?" 
	I smiled, picked my guitar up with one hand, took her hand in 
the other, and we fumbled our way down the dark trail to my van. It 
took awhile, but we made it there. 
	Inside, we both undressed and crawled to my single bed. She 
was small in form and her skin was soft and warm as I touched every 
inch of her. Her mouth, when I kissed her, was like honey, so 
sweet, so warm and wet, and our tongues caressed each others in a 
dance all their own.
	While our mouths were mating, my hand manipulated her cup 
sized breasts and small nipples, then slid down her soft belly, 
through her soft kinky pubic hair, to the tiny opening between her 
legs. I was amazed at how juicy this lady was! The sticky, slippery 
fluids were all over her lower vagina, upper thighs, down to her 
anus, and there was even some leaking to her cheeks.


	God, I had to taste this cream! I quickly started to move my 
face downward when she stopped me saying, "no one has ever done 
that to me before". 
	I said, "your in for a treat, lovely lady", and stuck my 
tongue out before it even reached her cunt so I could scoop some of 
the liquid into my mouth. Honey again! Just a little different 
flavor, with a heavier texture than her mouth. I ran my tongue from 
inside that little hole to her clitoris, then around it, then 
gently danced on its tip.
	"Ohhhh, meowwwwwwww." (She sound like a cat in heat.)  I was 
surprised that she was coming so soon. "I never, I I I never had 
that happen to me before. Ohhhhh, thank you, ohhhh.... Please put 
yourself in me."
	I was a little taller than she was, so when I moved up to fuck 
her, her mouth was at my chest. I asked, "nibble on my nipples, 
please". She did as I asked and I felt the gentle pain shooting 
everywhere, especially to my dick, which pulsated in response.
	Dark Eyes could feel my hardness moving between us, and she 
took her dainty hand and guided it towards her opening. She moved 
the tip in a circle to wet it with her juices, then put it at her 
small opening. I gently pushed forward, but my reasonably large 
member couldn't penetrate her!
	"Let me", I said, and took hold of it myself. As I held myself 
up with one arm, I maneuvered my shaft with the other hand, 
collected as much of her cream as I could, and pushed the head 
inside. Damn, it was tight!
	I slowly worked my way inside. I had never felt anything like 
it in my life! It fit like a condom, only much hotter, much wetter, 
and so much more alive! I slowly moved in and out as she held my 
ass, guiding and pushing me to move faster and faster.
	Suddenly, there was someone knocking on the van, a ladies 
voice spoke, "Can you help me, please?"
	I lit a candle, then opened the door, and before me was this 
gorgeous blond girl standing before me.
	"My boyfriend freaked out on acid, pushed me out of our bus, 
and I'm cold. Could I come in there with you?"
	"Sure", (my mind was already in high gear at the 
possibilities) "put your sleeping bag on the floor next to the 
bed."
	We smoked a joint together while chatting, and I noticed our 
visitor glancing at my half hard penis. "Maybe I can make love to 
both of these ladies at the same time", I thought.
	Everyone has been in a group situation, when unexplainably 
there is a gently pause, a moment of repose, when without reason 
everyone stops talking. Now it was like that. No one felt 
uncomfortable with it, and the three of us smiled at each other.
	I broke the silence, "Put your sleeping bag here next to the 
bed, and if you don't mind, we would like to finish our playing".
	"Oh, that's okay, but if you'd like me to leave...."
	"Naw, I just didn't want you to be uncomfortable with us 
balling right next to you".
	Dark Eyes quickly said, "really, it's okay, we like you, and 
your welcome to stay".
	We all smiled and I moved to blow out the candle, then slid 
under the covers to the soft creature lying there. She immediately 
opened her legs wide and encouraged me to lie between them. I was 
ready and hard, but again it was a battle to fit inside of her, 
even though she was well lubricated.
	When I finally eased into her pussy all the way, I couldn't 
help but moan, "Oh, yessss", and then I was quiet, just lying 
there, without moving.......... I could hear Blonde on the floor 
breathing heavily, and I could smell her sex, even through the 
sleeping bag.
	I reached my hand down to her, finding her arm, and began 
caressing it softly. She moaned and took my first finger into her 
mouth, and sucked it like a baby trying to get milk.
	"Aaahhh" slipped out of my mouth of it's own accord, and I 
asked Dark Eyes, "Can she join us?"
	"Oh yes", she responded as she lifted the blankets in welcome.
	In came the pretty blonde, and my desire to be enveloped by 
lovely female flesh was becoming a reality. It was wonderfully 
cramped and tight, and we were all giggling and squirming and 
enjoying ourselves. Finally, the girls lay on their backs, I on top 
with one leg between Blonde's thighs, the other leg between the 
legs of Dark Eyes, and my hard dick snuggled between their bodies. 
What a wonderful moment!
	I started kissing one then the other, noticing the different 
taste of each, and thought, "I wonder how the taste of their cunts 
differ?", and of course I had to find out. I immediately 
investigated my thoughts, throwing the blankets off in doing so. 
The only resemblance in their taste, was that they both tasted 
clean. Dark eyes had a faint taste of vanilla oozing from her, and 
Blonde somewhat like sweet wine. 
	The girls in the meantime were holding hands while taking 
turns at commanding me, "Eat me"......"Now it's my turn, eat 
me"......"She's had enough, come back". Then they each grabbed a 
handful of my long brown hair, and gently persuaded me back and 
forth. What a hard duty to perform!
	Blonde was the first to reach a climax. I could tell it was 
coming when she began moaning and pulled my hair roughly, forcing 
my mouth to stay on her cunt. 
	"Hmmmmmm, yes!" she cried and wrapped her thighs tight around 
my ears. I could hear no more of her rapturous song. 
	I was relieved when she came. My tongue was getting tender on 
the underside from rubbing on my bottom teeth. So I began kissing 
Dark eyes, and maneuvered my cock between Blonde's thighs to her 
comparatively open pussy. It felt so erotically unique to have my 
lips on one woman's mouth and my shaft in another woman's pussy. 
	"Would you fuck me from behind, I like it like that". Blonde 
stated her needs without shame.
	"Me to" added Dark eyes.
	I stood beside the bed as they maneuvered into position with 
their unseen asses toward me (it was so dark). I put a hand on each 
of their fannies, and again observed the uniqueness of each. One 
was small with protruding cheeks, and the other was a little more 
wide and fuller.
	I began fucking one for awhile, then the other. Dark eyes 
opening was much tighter and took more time to enter, while 
Blonde's was still firm but easier to find and slip into. Back and 
forth I moved enjoying the pleasure of both of them, when I noticed 
that Dark Eyes was furiously stroking her clit.
	I stayed inside of her and reached forward to cup her breasts 
in my hands. When I slid my fingers downward to pull on her 
nipples, she began to tremble and moan, and I knew she was going to 
have the second climax of her young life.
	"Meowwwww" again escaped from her throat, and the animal like 
sound triggered my orgasm, shooting my seed into that tight cavern.
	I stood there, in a daze, clasping her waist, holding her butt 
firmly against my stomach, as we both vibrated in ecstasy. But as 
soon as my cock began to soften, her tight pussy forced it out. 
	"Wow, that was fun",  Blonde was the first to speak, probably 
because she was the only one who had enough breath. We all laughed 
in response.
	Not much more was spoken as the exhaustion overtook us. It had 
been a long and eventful day, and an exquisite night, and we all 
drifted off to sleep for awhile.
	A few hours passed when we heard someone calling for the blond 
fox lying in her sleeping bag. She got up, wrapping her sleeping 
bag around her as I opened the door for her, walked into the night, 
never to be seen again.
	Dark Eyes wrote a few letters to me from Seattle, then wrote 
that she was engaged to be married, and would not be communicating 
with me again....... But my "Hippie Threesome" has been treasured 
in my memory for a lifetime.

COPYRIGHT © HomZin Box 50552 97405 Thank you for Donations
 



 

 













1



