	Jack looked at his watch.  It was a quarter past ten.  He and his
slave Linda sat in an old gray van, quietly watching the outside. They
were parked behind one of the all-girls dorm in the local college.
Everything seemed ok.  There were no signs of anyone outside the dorm who
could observe them. 

	"Ok. Time for some shopping!" Jack said as he took out his hand
from Linda's shirt which had been squeezing her full 36D breast for last
30 minutes.  They got out of the van and quietly walked to the front door
of the dorm.  Taking out the student card that Jack stole couple days ago,
they entered the building and walked up the stairs to the second floor. 

	"Room 230??" Jack asked his obeident slave.

	"Yes, master. " Linda replied.

	What a nice slut, Jack thought.  She had been a very good worker
last couple days for him, although her body didn't quite live up to his
usual standard.  Jack was a successful "private" businessman, if one could
call what Jack does a business.  He was a slave dealer, who abducted girls
and sold to rich, powerful perverts at various secret auctions.  The
profit was extremely good, and with the benefit of training, fucking, and
sometimes keeping hot girls to himself provided more than enough reasons
to stay in this highly dangerous, unlawful business.  

	He also took private requests from his customers, and delievered
whatever they wanted.  At this particular time, he was "shopping" for a
group of elite customers who wanted young girls for their special farm in
a remote island.  The girls were to be kept there and be brought to
milking so these customers could squeeze out hot fresh milk from their
tits everyday for pleasure, not to mention other unimaginable sexual acts
to be performed on these "milk-cows".  Since that request, Jack had been
searching for girls who fit the request most perfectly: beautiful,
preferably blond bitches with a slim, voluptous body and huge tits that can
release a lot of milk.  And with help of his slave Linda, he had finally
located four perfect merchandise, two college girls and two girls in their
mid-twenties. This one would be his first one. 

	They walked to the room and knocked.  Shortly, the door opened,
and a beautiful blonde revealed herself.  They could see her roomate
sitting on the bed, looking over the blonde's shoulder to see who were at
the door. 

	"Hi, would you like to buy some t-shirts?  We got very nice ones! "
Linda asked the girl with a smile. 

	"Oh, uhmm. sure.  What do you have?" The blonde, without knowing
the danger, asked. 

	"Of course.  Jack, here, show her our samples." Jack appeared in
front of her and opened the black bag he was carrying.  Then almost in a
flash, Jack took a sharp knife and entered the room, holding it to the
blonde's throat and warning her not to scream.  Linda quickly shut and
locked the door and went to the roommate who was still in shock and using
her knife, threatened her.  Both girls were shaking in fear, knowing that
if they tried to do anything, the knife would cut through their white
throats. 

	"Don't do anything foolish, and we won't hurt you!" Jack whispered
to the girls and signaled to Linda.  Linda reached inside the bag and took
out a sharp syringe filled with some liquid.  Then as Jack stood with a
knife threatening to cut them if they moved at all, Linda inserted the
needle into the arms of the girls and let the liquid go in.  The liquid
was one of Jack's private invention which put the victim into a instant
sleep for about 6 hrs. As Jack looked on with satisfaction, both girls
soon became limp and fell on the bed, falling into the deepest sleep. 

	"Ha,ha,ha! Just too easy, Linda!! Hahah!" Jack laughed and picked
up the body of the blonde, placing her on the other bed on her back.  Then
he started to cut off her clothing. 

	"What should we do with this girl here, master?" Linda asked,
pointing at the unconscious roommate. 

	"We can't let her wake up and go to the police telling about us,
slut. Tell you what, since you have been so good helping me out, why don't
you have some fun with that body?"

	"You mean.. I can do whatever I want, master?" Linda asked,
obviously very excited at the thought. 

	"You may do WHATEVER you want with that girl, my slave. " Jack
smiled, knowing very well what Linda was going to do to that poor girl.
Although Linda lacked in body endowment area compared to Jack's other
slaves, who, in average had size 36F tits, Jack really liked her sick
pervertness that no one else had.  When permitted, she was known to do the
nastiest things to the victims that permanently damaged their bodies if
not kill them.  Both of them now stripping the sleeping beauties, the
sexual lust started to fill the room. 

	The blonde' name was Nicole and had one incredible voluptous body
that gave Jack a hard-on the first time he saw her on campus when he was
searching for some big tits to milk.  Her blonde hair was long and reached
her mid-back, and was now spread out on the bed around her while Jack cut
off her t-shirt and shorts revealing a gorgeous and stacked body in
panties and a gigantic white bra. The bra cups were humongous, but her
tits still overflowed around the cups and threatened to explode. 

	"Looks like this babe needs bigger bra! " Jack quickly cut the
front of the bra, and Nicole's enormous jugs balloned into the air. 

	"Whew! What a pair!  They should give more than a gallon of milk!!"
Linda, who had the roommate in just bra and panties, turned her head to
examine the huge tits. 

	"My god, they are bigger than I thought!  They must be at least
J-cups!"

	"You have good eyes, my slave.  This bra is 36G, but, as you said,
these are more like 36J's.  Of course, it would be really hard to find a
bra that size around here, which explains this one. " Jack cupped each
breast as much as he could with his hands, and started to squeeze. As he
repeated his action, her pink nipples started to grow into a thick,
inch-long poles. Then using just his thumb and a finger, he squeezed her
pink areole surronding the long nipple and examined the area very
carefully. Then placing her on her stomach on the edge of the bed, he let
her huge udders to freely dangle in the air. Grasping the titflesh that
extended more than 8 inches from her chest, Jack fondled them strongly,
trying to feel the milkducts inside.  After a while, Jack released them
and smiled. 

	"These are two of the milkiest tits I have ever seen, Linda. 
Believe me, these were made to be milked!  I am gonna get a hell of a
price for this one!  What do you got there, slave?"

	While Jack was examining Nicole's tits, Linda had the roommate
completely naked, and was eating her pussy.  Jack could see that the
roommate had a hot body also, with full tits about the size of Linda's and
nice firm legs.  As Linda moved her face away from the cunt, Jack could
see a distended clit sticking out.  Using her sharp knife, Linda swiftly
cut off the pink clit and put it in her mouth, deliciously chewing it. 
Then holding her knife, she inserted her hand into the young girl's pussy,
using the knife to cut through her inner flesh to move up her body.  Blood
came out of her pussy like river, soaking the bed and Linda's arm.  Soon,
she had more than up to her elbow inside her, and moving the knife inside,
cutting her intestines and stomach, finally took her arm out.  Seeing
blood, Linda had turned to an unstoppable animal. Turning the body around,
she grabbed the meaty ass cheeks, and cut the whole assmeat off her back,
leaving nothing but a her asshole in between.  She then put the severed
flesh in the bag, and turning the body around again, did the same to the
tits. After putting the tits in to the bag, she pushed the knife into her
heart and stood up. Jack watched the whole thing in amusement and
applauded Linda for her good work. 

	"Ok, let's rock! " After cleaning herself up, Linda picked up the
bag, and Jack the girl, and they quickly went back to the van, no one
noticing them in the dark night. 

	The next stop was at another all-girl dorm, where the second
merchandise, Julie was to be picked up.  Luckily, she lived in a single
room without a roommate, so the whole thing went much faster.  Using the
same tactic, they got the beautiful girl unconscious and stripped her,
revealing a body that was as just as beautiful as Nicole's with the
exception of her tits, which were not as big.  However, they were enough
to satisfy any man, with possible exception of some of Jack's most
tit-fetish customers who considered anything smaller than H-cups too
small.  Julie had a pair of extrememly firm 34F's that still jutted out
nicely when she was lying flat on her back.  She also had a very shapely
ass, with much more meat than either Nicole or her roommate. After
spending some time playing around with the brown-haired beauty's large
boobs and ass, they put her in the back of the van with Nicole and took
off to continue their shopping. 

	They stopped the van in front of a nice, small suburban house,
where the third target, Lisa was living in.  Jack had spotted her at a
local grocery and followed her to this house. As Jack waited outside,
Linda knocked the door and went inside, pretending that her van wouldn't
start and asking for a phone. Seeing a young girl, Lisa let her in without
much suspicion, and soon ended up with a knife next to her throat.  Jack
then walked in, and gave her the shot and stripped her naked. 

	"Fantastic! " Jack exclaimed as he and Linda began to examine the
blonde's hot body.  Her tits were gigantic, comparable to those on
Nicole's in size and weight.  However, since she was only 5'2, they
appeared even more enormous on her small frame. Her ass was good but not
as great as Julie's but they soon found out how juicy her pussy was.  As
Jack played around her pink pussy surrounded by light blond hair, a great
quantity of pussy juice smeared out on to his hand.  Excited by the taste
of her cream, Jack and Linda began to stroke her pussy hard, and as the
unconscious girl reached her climax in her dream, her pussy began to
squirt out streams after streams of hot pussy cream!  She was one of the
few girls in Jack's career who could produce enough juice to actually
squirt it out during climax. And they both knew that the juicer the pussy
is, the milkier the tits usually are. 

	The final destination was also a small house in the suburbs.  This
was undoubtedly the one Jack and Linda were most eagerly waiting for, for
just in pure size, this girl, Ashley, outmeasured the other three. Soon
this was conformed when they had the incredibly stacked blonde spread out
on her bed, naked.  The unbelieveably gigantic black bra that Jack just
cut off was labeled as 36J, but as Jack and Linda examined the mammoth
jugs, they knew they were at least 36M and maybe even 36N if swollen. The
rest of her body was very slim and firm, with nice long legs and firm
butt.  Jack spent a long time sucking and squeezing the giant mounds which
would soon release all their thick milk for some lucky and rich customer. 


	As Linda drove the van, Jack got on the back of the van with the
still unconsious girls to have some more fun with the voluptous bodies. 
He took off his pants revealing a thick, hardened cock and resumed
fondling the girls' more than handful tits.  Undoubtedly, this was one of
the best "shopping" he had ever done.  He latched on to each girl's huge
boobs and sucked them hard, switching around from tit to tit, until his
cock was about to explode.  He then moved over to Ashely, the blond with
the biggest tits, and shoved his cock inside the warm, deep clevage.  He
pushed the both tits toward his cock, and they formed an incredible
clevage that completely wrapped around his 9-inch cock making only the
reddish head visiable. 

	"Ahhha!  This is the most perfect pair for tit-fuck.  I am gonna be
almost sorry to sell this bitch."

	Jack began to pump his cock inside her tits, moving his thick
prick up and down, feeling every inch of the soft, creamy titflesh.  Linda
looked on from the rear-view mirror, and felt her own pussy get wet from
the sight of lovely, naked bodies.  Jack continued to tit-fuck the
enormous pair for five more mintues, then barely restraining himself from
cuming, took his cock out.  He wanted to maximize his pleasure until they
got home. 

	He then grabbed at abundant tits and asses surrounding him, then
finally targeted his cock at Lisa's pussy.  She was the short, dark-blond
girl who had the juiciest pussy Jack had ever seen.  Jack spread the
girl's firm legs wide apart, moving them over the other girls' naked
bosoms.  He then spread open the pink cunt lips to reveal her juicy
tunnel, then shoved his dick hard. Holding the tiny waist of the
unconcious girl, he pushed in with all his might, shoving in his 9-inch
dick all the way till his black pubic hair collided with Lisa's blond
muff. 

	He began to fuck her widly, his hands squeezing the L-cup tits
hard.  Her pussy began to get hotter, and her sweet juice started to drip
out, spreading out on to the floor of the van. Feeling the hot juice on
his cock, Jack increased his pace even more, making her huge tits shake
nicely with each stroke.  Eyeing the voluptuous bodies he would torture,
he finally reached orgasm.  His thick cock began to spurt out load after
load of cum inside Lisa's pussy, mixing with her abundant cream and
seeping out on to the floor.  His hands tightly squeezed the big mounds,
making her milky titflesh ooze out between his knuckles as he gave a final
shove.  Jack remained inside Lisa's cunt for another five minutes,
enjoying the warm sensation, then finally pulled out and switched position
with Linda. 

	As Jack now drove, Linda immediately went under Lisa's pussy to
lick up her sweet cunt cream and her master's cum.  Lisa's pussy juice had
the sweetest taste ever and even after licking up every single drop that
came out of her cunt, Linda was thirsty for more.  After making sure that
there was no drop of fluid left at all, Linda laid down on top of the nude
bodies and began to play around with the girls' bodies, focusing on their
big tits, comparing their shape, size, and weight as the van reached the
final destination. 


......

	Nicole, the college beauty who was the first one to be taken by
Jack, was the first one to awake from her long sleep.  As she opened her
eyes slowly, two large white globes appeared in front of her.  At first,
she couldn't tell what exactly they were, but as her eyes regained their
focus, a terrible shock hit her.  Those large globes were nothing other
than her own breasts, freely hanging out from her naked body.  She tried
to move her arms, but found out that they were tightly tied together above
her head. She couldn't move her legs either since her ankles were tied
together also.  She was tied to a large pole, and she was completely
naked. Fear swept through her body as she looked at her surroundings.  The
room was large and dark, and seemed to be full of weird devices, tools,
and equipments.  There was a door on the left corner which looked heavy
and tightly locked.  As she looked around, another tremendous shock hit
her. She wasn't the only one.  There were three other girls totally naked,
tied to a pole just like her.  Even under the circumstance, it wasn't hard
to notice the exceptional beauty of the girls.  They were all built like
her, or better, with huge breasts, small waists, and long, shapely legs.
Then she remembered what had happened.  A man and a young woman was trying
to sell some t-shirts, and when she let them in, they had taken out their
knives and threatened her and her roommate.  Then she felt a sharp pain in
her arm, and that was only thing she could remember.  She was scared.  She
knew that she wasn't going to come out of this without going through
terrible humilation, rape, and pain.  As she wondered about the situation
she was in, the girl to her left, a brown-haired beauty, opened her eyes.
Focusing her eyes on the naked bodies tied to the poles, the shock fear
overtook her and she gave out a loud sharp scream. 

	When Jack entered with his slaves Linda and Gwen, all the girls
were now awake.  He could plainly see the horror on their pretty faces as
they tried to make sense of what was happening.  Julie, the brown-haired
beauty with an exceptional ass, tried hard to free her body from the
bonds, but only thing that accomplished was the jiggling of her huge
breasts. They remained quietly as Jack and his slaves entered the room and
walked up to them.  Their eyes followed the movements carefully, noting
the long whip Gwen was carrying and the small box that Linda was carrying. 

	"Who.. who are you, what are.."

	Gathering some courage, Nicole spoke out, trying to figure out
what was going on.  However, instead of a vocal response, she was rewarded
with a sharp pain on her belly inflicted by the long whip.  Tears
immediately filled her blue eyes as she gave out a loud scream. 

	"Lesson one, girls: Do not speak unless you are asked to.  Anybody
who speaks without a permission will be justly rewarded."

	Jack told the girls as their eyes reflected even more terrifying
horror.  Jack and his slaves stood in front of them for a while, and all
of the girls remained silent except Nicole who was now sobbing lightly. 

	"Good.  Now, I want this to go as fast as possible.  The longer it
takes, the more painful it will get for you sluts.  So it's up to you. 
The rule is simple: you obey, then you live.  You disobey our order, then
well... we will torture you so badly that you will wish you were never
born."

	Eyeing the girls' reactions, Jack continue to speak.  Gwen then
walked up to Ashely, the girl who had the biggest tits of all, and grabbed
and squeezed her left tit with all her might.  Ashely gave out of long,
painful cry. 

	"That's just a tiny sample of what we can do, sluts.  Like I said,
it will be up to you whether or not you will get out of here in one piece.
You are here now because you have been selected by me personally to serve
some of my richest clients.  In couple of days all of you will be sent to
them and you will be their slaves, doing whatever they want you to do.
Their main desire is the milk in your big tits.  As you might have
noticed, all four of you have extremely large milk-cans as my clients
requested.  We will give you some pills and shots that will bring milk,
not just in typical small amount, but so your boobs will never cease
producing milk.  They will be so full of milk that you will be needed to
be milked at least three times a day.  And let me remind you, these aren't
nice, kind people you are dealing with.  If you fail to please them in
anyway, the consequences can be well... deadly."

	With that, Jack took out Nicole's roommate's severed tits and ass
from the bag that was lying on the table.  Jack held the big, round tits
he cut off right in front of the girls' faces, who screamed in disgust and
horror. 

	"Now, if you want to lose those beautiful tits of yours, you are
welcome to disobey and fight us anytime.  If you don't want your tits and
ass ending up in someone's dinner table, then you better behave.
Understand?"

	The girls were now too afraid not to obey.  No matter what would
happen, no matter what they were ordered to do, it was better than being
mutilated in such a way. 

	"Answer me, sluts!"

	"Yes... yes, master."

	The girls answered obediently.  Jack smiled.  He knew now that he
had a complete control of the girls.  He was gonna have a lot of fun
training these voluptous sluts.  He gave a sign to Linda, and she walked
up to the girls with her box.  As the girls looked at her with fearful
eyes, Linda took out a sharp syringe.  She filled the syringe with
latogenic hormone, which induced heavy lactation.  She grabbed Nicole's
left tit, and inserted the needle on the left side of aerole.  After she
pushed in the fluid, she filled the syringe again and gave another shot on
her left tit, this time on the rigt side of aerole.  She filled the
syringe with hormone again, and gave a third shot on her left tit, this
time pushing the needle through her top portion of aerole.  Same procedure
was repeated, and each girl received three hormone shots on each of their
tits.  The girls could already fill some tension building up in their
tits, and felt weird, funny sensations. 

	"That's as much as we can give you without bringing negative
side-effects.  In about two days, those boobs will be just overflowing
with thick milk.  And until then, we will make sure you are mentally ready
as well.  Gwen, untie them."

	The tall, masculine blond knodded, and begin to untie the ropes
that were holding up the voluptous bodies.  As their ropes were loosened,
the girls fell to the floor on their knees and grasped their swollen
breasts that were quickly filling up with milk.  They were just way too
tired and scared to do anything but to follow Jack's order.  Jack looked
at the hot naked bodies and felt his dick grow rapidly. 

	"Stand up, sluts!  I didn't tell you to kneel down!"

	The girls quickly rose up, fearful of any punishment that might be
inflicted upon their tender bodies by the sadistic man.  Jack slowly eyed
each girl once more.  He then walked up to Nicole and put his finger on
her rosy lips. 

	"Uhmmm... nice... perfect lips for a blowjob.... ok, my slaves.
Linda, Gwen, you know what to do.  Measure them and make up the charts for
the clients.  I want you to do it fast, and bring Nicole to me afterwards.
Take that sweet Lisa to the Juice room, and you girls can have some fun
with either Ashley or Julie.  And give the remaining one to the other
girls. I'm sure they'll enjoy it.  But warn them no physical mark or I
will slice every clit off!  Oh, and tell the chef to cook up one of that
tits for dinner tonight. I want it rare, of course. Now get to work!"

	After briefly grabbing Nicole's breast, Jack walked out leisurely. 

................

	Jack was in his master bathroom, enjoying a glass of exquisite
wine as two of his slaves washed his body.  A gorgeous redhead was washing
his broad chest as another voluptous naked blond was lightly stroking his
half swollen cock.  Jack was really enjoying life.  A big mansion with
full of beautiful slaves under his command.  And making a lots of money
too!  As Jack relaxed in the tub, his faithful slave Linda came in.  Right
behind her was Nicole, as Jack ordered, who came in naked and stood behind
her trembling in fear. 

	"Master, everything is done.  We measured each girl in every
detail, and the charts are complete.  That girl Lisa is in the Juice Room
right now, and Ashley was sent to the general Commons.  Gwen took Julie,
and I think she is giving the girl's big ass all it can handle right now. 
And here is Nicole as you requested."

	Linda gave Nicole a nod and Nicole walked up to Jack and stood quietly
displaying her gorgeous flesh as she waited for the master's order.

	"Good job, Linda.  That was pretty fast.  So, how did the girls
measure up?"

	"Extrememly well, master.  You really did well this time.  Tits wise,
I think they all rank among the biggest of all, with uh, Julie 34H, Lisa 32L,
Nicole 36J, and that girl Ashley with 36N's.  All the tits
weighed at least 15 pounds each, and Ashley's nips measured at an inch and
a half.  I am really expecting a lot of milk from her.  Here's the rest of
the measurements."

	Jack looked at the individual charts that contained measurements of
every body part of the girls, from tits, ass to length of clit, pussy lips,
the depth of their pussies and anus, etc.  More than satisfied by the numbers
that would surely impress his clients, Jack handed the charts back to Linda
and turned on his TV sets that were attached on one of the walls.  One TV
showed the Juice Room where the Juicer was sucking pussy juice out of Lisa's
gorgeous cunt.  

	The Juice Room was one of the greatest invention by Jack.
The room contained a big machine called the Juicer that was designed to
suck sweet juuice out of a girl's pussy.  It was a big, silver device that
looked kind of like a patient's chair at a dentist.  Except there were leg
stirrups that locked and spread a girl's legs wide, and a big, clear tube
that would go into a girl's pussy to suck the juice out.  Lisa was
attached to the seat, her arms and legs locked by the metal cuffs attached
to the machine.  There were two electrical lines attached to her tits and
another to her pink pussy lips.  Another line was directly attached to her
enlarged clit.  These lines provided continous stimuli that kept Lisa on
the verge of orgasm and held her there.  Meanwhile, the yellow tube was
deep inside her cunt, sucking out her sweet juice that kept flowing out
due to the electrical stimuli provided by the Juicer.  The Juicer was
programmed to operate for 24 hours, and that meant Lisa would be held in
that position, her pussy leaking its juice, until the next day.  The juice
that was sucked out was stored in the machine's container, and Jack was
expecting at least a quarter of a gallon of Lisa's juice by the next day.
Jack's cock grew to its full 9 inches a he watched sweating Lisa on the
Juicer on TV.  

	He pressed another button on his remote, and the camera zoomed on
Lisa's pussy.  Jack could clearly see the girl's juice flowing through the
tube.  Jack then raised himself out of water, and ordered Nicole to suck
his cock.  Nicole, hesitating a moment, bent down and started to suck the
huge prick.  On another TV, Jack could see Ashley being used by the rest
of his slaves.  Ashley was placed on a bed on her back in the middle of
the room, and there were four lines as the girls enjoyed her body.  There
were two lines of girls sucking on her enormous breasts, and one line
sucking her pussy, while the other line of girls placed their dripping
cunts over Ashley's tongue.  Then they rotated around to enjoy everything
Ashley's body ahd to offer.  On the third TV, Jack could see Gwen and
another slave spanking Julie's magnificent 38-inch ass, which swelled and
jiggled excitedly as Gwen hit them.  Turned on by these hot scenes and by
Nicole's amazing tongue work, Jack climaxed hard, and spurted out load
after load of hot cum inside Nicole's pretty mouth. Nicole, knowing the
kind of punishment she could get, kept her lips tightly around the cock
and sucked the master's cum hard as she could. Satisfied, Jack got dressed
and went to the dining room, where a sumptous meal was waiting for him. 
