Archive-name: 3plus/darkness.txt
Archive-author: June and Lizzie Smith
Archive-title: Darkness, The Good Side


    It was a hot steamy July evening I invited a friend of mine over to do some
BBSing. She arrived at my house around 8:30pm, and ready to do some nasty
chatting on MSS. No sooner did Veronica get in the door than the skies grew dark. The
storm struck with lighting and thunder. The lights began to grow dim,
and eventually the went out, leaving us in the dark with no power to run
our computer. Not knowing what to do (obviously were addicted), we lit some
candles and placed them in different areas of my sunken living. With no power
for the A/C the humidity was horrendous, unbearable with the heat. At least we
were glad that we had a portable radio. We turned it on to a mellow station.
Veronica said "Hey Jan,I can't stand this heat anymore. I hope you don't mind if
I take off my pants." I said, "Hell no, it's too HOT to wear anything. I think I
will take off mine too." Wearing only our t-shirts and panties, we sat patiently
waiting for the power to come back on. As we sat in the flicking lights of the
candles, we were really bumming. Hours went by and still nothing. Wondering
what the hell to do we decided to write a story, because with no computer it
was boring! Just then Jan remembered she had some private numbers of some other
BBS users and made a suggestion to call and see if any of them had power.  Jan
got out her black book and looked up a few of the numbers by candle light. At
least the phones worked. We dialed the phone; it rang and rang. Finally Brad
answered his phone. Jan was excited to be hearing a voice she only had words
to. Veronica got on the other phone, so we all could talk together.  Brad said
"Oh that's why you aren't on. Been looking for you both.
I thought you forgot about
our meeting tonight." We said hell no just can't get off no BBSing, we started
to complain about the heat and Brad said that he was sorry to hear that. Brad
had an idea, since he had three way calling he'd thought it would be a good
ideal to call another BBS user, he's known for awhile. We ask who do we know
him? Brad said yea you both do he's Greg. we said yea we like to talk to him
too. So Brad called, him when he switched back over they both were on the line.
We all said hi to each other. It was strange hearing voices. Both Brad and Greg
were sitting in A/C. Veronica and I were sweating from the heat. We told the
guys how HOT we were. They weren't sure if we meant the weather or our bodies.
We continued talking for awhile. Brad suggests maybe getting together in
person. Jan and I were shocked! We weren't sure if we should reveal our
identities. We talked awhile longer, the conversation started getting
suggestive. The ideal of meeting became more appealing for Veronica and I. We
set our phones down to discuss this, we decided since we've chat with them for
awhile it might be ok just this once. We went back to our phones to tell the
guys the good news. On one condition we go pick them up, they said sure, no
problem. Brad gave us directions to his condo..........





  Brad said that he was sure Greg would meet us over at his house. Veronica and
i got our tight tank tops, short shorts. no bra's our nipples liked staying
hard. We got into Jan's new corvette. red, her
 favorite color. we drove off into the hot night. The guys didn't live far
from us, so it didn't take long to get there. When we arrived, there was a
couple of guys standing around. Veronica yelled "Brad?", "Greg". the guys came
up to the car, with grins on their faces.  Who, is who?  Jan spoke first, hi.
i'm Jan. brad said " i'm Brad" and your the one that know how to turn me on.
Greg, leaned into the car, saying "so you are Veronica" i like you.. Veronica
and i, looked at each other, and smiled. We had to tell the guys that there
was something that they would have to do, before they got into the car. the
guys said "what"  me and Veronica laughed out loud and said "think you can
handle what's to cum?" they looked at each other, in a puzzled look. they said
"okay, girls what is it" we pulled out bandanas from our tank tops. smiling
from ear to ear, we said, "you guys have to wear these. we want to keep our
secret lives secret.. the guys, went along with that, laughing about it. Ver.
and I took them by their arms. guiding them into the car.  we put Greg in the
passenger seat, Brad in the middle. Veronica jump in on Greg lap. I got to
drive.  with all of our bodies, so close together the night heat was very
intensified.  WE couldn't believe, they went along with the blindfolds, but if they
wanted to cum over, that was the way it had to be. Me and Veronica chuckled,
out of amusement. We got back to Jan's apartment. We told the guys they would
only have to leave them on a little while longer, and there's no peeking. We
lead them through the court yard,(so to confuse them) in one building to
another. made it to our apartment. Jan unlocked and lead them into the darken
livingroom.  We hurried and went to relight the candles, all around the room.
we turned around, and found the guys had just took off their blindfolds. I
said "sit down and make yourself at home." Veronica said "would anybody like
anything to drink?, yelling from the dark kitchen, all we have is some
lemon-ade. everyone said sure. she came in with a tray of drinks, sat it on the
coffee table. when she sat it down i notice Greg was checking out her nice firm
ass. i was sitting on the floor next to Brad. Veronica got the  pillows, gave
me a few of them. she sat down next to Greg  getting close to his steamy body.
We started talking about BBSing. Greg and Brad were talking about some
conversation, that he had on the MSS board.  Then Veronica and I brought up the
car ride over here. the guys told us it was a first for them, and then we all
laughed. they said that they couldn't believe they allowed us to do that
(blindfold).  Jan said in honesty, did either one of you peek? they gave us a
shit-eaten grin, said no we were being good sports about it. Not that either Me
or Veronica cared at this point.  Greg couldn't help himself any longer and
leans over and kisses Veronica softly on the lips. he thinks she's sexy, he
want to do more, but doesn't want to make her scared. over in the other corner,
was Jan and Brad, sitting and touching each other's bodies. not wasting any
time..



Brad and Jan were both on the floor and feeling each others bodies. Jan grabs
more pillows over to them and they both lay back on them and start kissing and
entangling their bodies as the candle flames dance off the walls you can see
there shadows an the wall. Veronica and Greg stare into each others eyes then
he puts both of his hands on each side of her head and kisses her passionately.
Veronica response to his kissing and puts her arms around his neck. In the
candle light Greg's eyes glare at Veronica he says dam I've been wanting to
meet you for so long and look at  us now this is what I've fantasized about
for months. Greg and Veronica notice that Brad has already removed Jan's tank
top and his shirt. As they watch them, Brad thinks he's cute as he pours
a little lemonade on Jan's full chest with them pressed together making a well,
Brad goes down and sips it "that's very refreshing he says" and pours a little
more, Jan wasn't ready as the lemonade runs off the sides of her body.
  Veronica and Greg turn back to each other they roll over and kiss and embrace
each other closely. The candles started burning out so Veronica e asked Greg if
he would mind if she got up to put more candles in. She says it's just so
romantic with them burning. Jan and Greg didn;t seem to notice the candles nor
anything else at that point, they were getting into themselves too much so.
Veronica and Greg got some more candles and lit them they figured it would
be best to leave them alone to have have some privacy, so they went into the
kitchen with a single candle for themselves. As they left Jan's sunken living
room they could see Brad getting down on Jan's full breast it turned them on to
catch a glimpse of their foreplay and Greg started to wonder when he should  make
his move on his fantasy girl. Veronica is also wondering if she should be the
aggressor or if Greg is ever gonna get his nerve up and to start something. They
go to the kitchen and Veronica checks the fridge to see what's in there and
can offer Greg " she says we got apples and oranges" Greg replies sounds real
refreshing. No one seems to be noticing the heat anymore. Wonder why?





Jan and Brad were still in the sunken living room,  Veronica and Greg were
still in the kitchen, where it was quite.  Jan wanted more pillows, since the
other two were gone.  Bra got up and got more pillows, making sure to lay them
neatly on the floor.  He went over and took Jan by her hands and pulled her up
to him.  then led her over to them, where she laid down upon them.  Brad got
down on s knees, leaning over and kissed Jan softly on her full lips.. Jan
opens her mouth just slightly, allowing his tongue to touch hers.  he made it
in her mouth, sliding his tongue in and around her tongue. While kissing her,
Brad took Jan's arms, putting them over her head, slowly letting his hands slide
down her arms, making their way to her shoulders,  to her tits. Where he
squeezed them firmly, this was turning Jan on.  Then Brad lowered his mouth to
her nipples, feeling them crinkle as his tongue touched them.  sucking as much
of her wanting titties, as he could,   Jan then took her hands down and started
to feel his hair, running her fingers through his hair, pulling it gently, he
sucks them harder, one to the other he went.  Nibbling on them, made Jan get
wet.  Brad goes up to her neck, biting her vein, she returns them same to him.
She knows if he did it he must like it too.  after a few minutes or so Jan
reaches down and gives Brad's ass a firm squeeze, pressing him close to her hot
body.

--
