Archive-name: Violent/darknite.txt
Archive-title: DarkNites

* 7 parts included *

	This is dedicated to all of you who have wished for more fantasies
writen by women..

	I've been writing for sometime but this is first attempt at posting 
my work.  So far, they've all been writen especially for someone!  I call 
this series the DarkNites series (melodramatic, isn't it!) and its 
basically a collection of stories with different characters and styles.
But if you look closely, there's a common thread running through all of 
them.

	I'm always looking for critiques (even flames!!) so feel free to 
write to me at jash@kuhub.cc.ukans.edu...  I have no problem with people
e-mailing my stuff around, as long as my name remains with it.

	And for those of you who suffer under the delusion that women 
engineers can't possibly be sensual...  

===========================================================================


DarkNites I


	The slap reverberated around the room. Jason gritted his teeth trying
desperately to keep hold of his temper.  Daphne started towards the door but
Jason caught hold of her wrist, his eyes steely.  

	"You're not going anywhere until we've got this settled.  Daphne
glanced coolly at his hand and then back to his face.  Then she brought her
foot down on his.  Hard.

	Jason gave a furious growl and exploded into action.  Grabbing her,
he swept her off her her feet and headed toward the bedroom.  Daphne
gasped in anger.  

	"How dare you!", she bit out, starting to jerk and kick as violently as
possible.  Daphne knew that she would probably hit the floor hard but she
didn't care.  Luckily for her, they had reached the bed when she finally
came loose and landed on the bed.

	He was on her in a second, his body pinning her to the bed, his mouth
finding hers.  With a muffled cry of rage, she jerked her head away and got
her first good look at him.  He loomed over her, the fury in his eyes telling
her more than words ever could that he was very, very serious about this. 
She went cold.  

	"Damn you, Jason.  This is rape!"  Very deliberately, he shook his 
head.  "No, this won't be rape," he answered quietly, "Because, I'm going to 
make you beg for me, over and over again."  
	
	Daphne gave an incredulous laugh.  "Never."  she replied scathingly, 
"You're crazy if you think you'll ever hear ME beg!" 

	"Before this night is over," he promised softly, "You will."  

	She threw all her strength at him, surprise on her side, heaving 
him off her.  He rolled off the bed but caught her arm and dragged her off 
with him.  They hit the floor hard, Daphne lying momentarily stunned, the
breath knocked out of her.  It gave Jason enough time to flip her over, get
to her zip, and yank her gown to her waist. 

	She drew in a breath  of outrage before fighting to free her arms,
trapped in the tangled sleeves. Jason took the moment to tear his shirt
off, a couple of buttons bouncing on the floor, and reached for his trousers.  

	Daphne finally managed to get her hands free and shoved her gown
the rest of the way.  Now unhampered, she sat up and backhanded him,
knocking him off balance.

	"You bastard!", she snarled as she sprang to her feet and took off. 
She sprinted half-naked through the living room and had thrown open the
closet door to grab her coat when she was jerked back and thrown over his
shoulder in a fireman's lift.

	"Goddamn you, Jason", she yelled, coat dangling from her fingers,
"You'll never get away with this."  The next moment she was flying through
the air, landing on the bed with a thump.  He advanced purposely towards
her but she was ready for him.

	She kicked out with her strong legs, catching him in the stomach.  He
doubled over with a loud whoosh while she scrambled for the other side of
the bed.  Unfortunately for her, Jason flung himself across the bed,
grabbed hold of her ankle and hauled her ignominiously, inch by inch, back
into bed.

	Truly desperately now, she sat up and tried to backhand him again
but her wrist was caught in an iron grip.  Instinctively, she tried to pull
his hand off.  A bad move.  Effortlessly he caught her other hand, then
pulled them high over her head, forcing her down with his body.

	Gasping, Daphne strained her muscles, desperately trying to raise
her arms as he leant over her to pick something off his bedside table.  She
only glanced up in horror as something soft wrapped around her wrists and
tightened.  Jason swiftly finished tying the ends of his silk tie to the
brass bedstead before drawing back, panting, to finger his bruised jaw.

	It was only then that real, dark rage washed over her.  Jason saw
it swirl into her eyes, the power of it exciting to behold.  She was now a
truly dangerous woman.

	"You will pay for this", she promised softly, dangerously.  "If it takes
forever, you will pay for this."  Jason's eyes swept slowly over her body,
sending blood rushing to the surface of her skin.

	"Right at this moment, my dear", he answered derisively, " I don't
give a damn."

	He backed away and started to finish undressing.  Cheeks flaming,
Daphne closed her eyes and concentrated on keeping her face impassive. 
She had never felt so defenseless as she lay there tied to the bed, clad
only in her underwear.  But the one thing that had her cringing was that
she was already moist and ready for him.  The fact that she had been so
physically aroused by their tussle humiliated her almost unbearably.

	Jason was already regretting putting her through such humiliation,
but no matter how much he loved and understood her stubborn pride, Jason
knew that he would have to teach her a lesson now or she would forever be
treating him as a punching bag.  And whether he liked it or not, he was
already too aroused to stop.

	She felt it when he slid into bed beside her, warm and vibrant.  She
stiffened, prepared for the assault.  Then unexpectedly, she felt his hand
slide slowly but surely down her side.  She cursed herself furiously.  With
that simple gesture, he had successfully set her entire nervous system
tingling unmercifully.

	Jason moved in closer and smiled.  He loved strapless bras.  They
seemed to epitomise feminity to him because they were held up by nothing
but a woman's natural curves.  He rubbed his cheek lightly against the
fabric.  Black lace.  Very fine and very soft.  Sensuously, he lifted a finger
and gently outlined the edge of the lace, traveling up the gentle slope and
then down into the perfumed valley between her breasts.  Slowly, he
curled his finger under the flimsy lace.  Then he ripped it off.

	Her eyes flew open in shock as his mouth slashed down on hers. 
Ruthlessly he plundered her mouth, trying to provoke her into a response. 
she began to fight him; kiss for kiss, bite for bite.

	Swiftly, he dragged his mouth from hers, trailing a line of hot kisses
down to her throat.  Suddenly, he sensed the power flow back into her so
he was ready when her taut body shifted beneath him, then arc in a vain
attempt to throw him off.  Jason put his weight on her, forcing her down,
then nipped her neck sharply, leaving a clear red bruise.

	Daphne closed her eyes again in misery.  There was pain here
aplenty, in her as shame and in him as regret.  But the worst of it all was
that they were both too emotionally involved to stop now.

	Her breath started coming in pants as his mouth began to move
over her collarbone, his hands holding her steady beneath him.  He reached
one ivory breast and teasingly began to draw wet circles around her rosy
nipple with his tongue.  Delicately, he taunted her as he danced nearer then
further from her sensitized peaks, making her fight to keep in control of
herself.

	 Then just as suddenly as he came, the teasing lover was gone as
Jason finally claimed her throbbing nipple.  Daphne managed to swallow a
cry but lost control of her body as Jason drew on her peak harder and
harder.  Gasping, she arched like a bow as Jason swirled his tongue around
her, sending hot lighting streaking down to her groin.

	Then as if he understood, his knee pressed down between her legs, a
second before she could lock her ankles together.  She knew she could
never resist an attack from that quarter, so she squeezed her thighs
together in a last, heroic attempt to thwart his questing hands.  Easily, he
parted them once more, moving his leg up and letting his hand trail over
her stomach into the wetness between her legs.

	The double stimulation was too much for her to tensed body to bear. 
A stifled cry burst from her as she arched into his body, her hands
twisting and jerking futilely above her.  Kissing her nipples and finding
the perfect rhythm with his fingers, Jason kept her senses at fever pitch,
reveling in the feel of her body moving beneath his.

	Then suddenly, he slipped his fingers into her.  Daphne froze, every
muscle in her body tensing up as she focused on that secret part of
herself.  Jason raised his head from her breasts to better concentrate on
her and what he was about to do.

	Slowly, ever so slowly, his fingers slid in and out of her, his thumb
carefully brushing against her clitoris.  Gasping, she responded to the
rhythm, every movement an agony for her, as tense muscles strained to
move to the painfully slow motion of his skillful fingers.

	Ruthlessly, he gave her a taste of heaven before pulling her back
again and again.  Quiet now, Daphne lay exhausted beneath him; but not for
long.  Suddenly, she felt the strength flow back into her.  It was time to
fight back.  Desperation giving her the edge she needed, Daphne used her
inner instincts, so long untouched, to  tempt him, to break his control. 
Sensuously, her body a supple rope, she pressed her groin to his manhood,
erotically widening her legs and clasping his hips in sweet invitation.

	She felt him shudder and the sweet taste of victory filled her as he
withdrew his fingers, slick with her fluids and braced himself over her. 
Then to her chagrin, his lips found her shoulder and made the descent over
her breasts and stomach, seeking out the source of her sexuality.

	Swiftly, he found her throbbing clitoris with his tongue, holding her
taut body steady beneath him.  In response, she tossed her head from
side to side, desperately biting her lip to keep from crying out at every
rasp of his tongue against her most sensitive spot.  Over and over, never 
letting up, he thrust and teased his tongue against her flesh, tasting 
every single inch of her.  Faster and wilder he went until she felt herself
begin to stiffen with the onslaught of her climax.  Then he stopped.

	With a frustrated cry, she opened her eyes to see him bending over
her, his eyes reflecting the same feverish glitter she felt within herself.

	"I want an apology. Now.", he rasped, his voice hoarse.  Daphne stared
at him uncomprehendingly before it hit her.
	"Damn you Jason," she choked out.  "We were making love, for God's
sake."
	"You knew well enough what I wanted before we started this", he
replied angrily.  "Now it's time to deliver".
	"And I said never", she bit out.  "I meant it!"

	Jason stood up and picked up his trousers, swiftly pulling them on. 
When he was done, he stood over her for a second before swinging around
and walking away.  However, when he reached the doorway, he stopped and 
braced one fist against the jamb, standing stiffly with his head bowed. 
The dim lamplight cast shadows over him but showed his back muscles
working as he struggled with his own unfulfilled desire.

	Daphne's voice shut down in shock as she watched him go.    Pride
and dignity fought a valiant battle with physical needs but unfortunately,
she was too far gone to overcome her own arousal.  Drawing in a shaky
breath, she found her voice and croaked his name.  Jason turned but
stood motionless.

	"I'm willing to apologize but if what you really want is to hear me
beg, then go!"
	Jason walked back to the bed and stopped, looking down at her. 
"Then say it".
	Daphne took a deep breath and gathered the tattered remants of her
dignity about her.
	"I'm sorry for saying the things I did.  It was cruel of me and I should
have been above it."  "Even if you did deserve it", she finished stoutly.

	Jason stood motionless for a few seconds before his shoulders
started to shake in silent laughter.
	"Only you", he said half to himself.  "Only you could apologize
without really apologizing and get away with it."

	The next minute, he was naked and in bed with her.  His mouth
slashed down on hers as he took up where he left off.  Swiftly, he
plundered her mouth, making her respond to him fully before moving atop
her and parting her legs.

	Tantalizingly, he let her feel what she craved, rubbing her
intimately with  his manhood.  Too aroused to enjoy his teasing, Daphne
was rapidly losing her grip on her temper so she hardly realised it when
the bonds around her wrists loosened and came off.  Free, her hands came
down to clasp him to her.  Without warning, one slim hand curved and then
raked viciously down his back, drawing blood.

	Jason jerked in pain but otherwise did not break contact as he began
to lift her until they were both kneeling in bed.  Swiftly, his lips left hers
and roamed over her skin, seeking her most sensitive spots.  Daphne
moaned, arching her head back as the most delicious sensations flowed
erotically through her.  When she couldn't take any more, she broke away
and started on him.

	Her lips found his shoulder and teased that ultra-sensitive hollow of
his until he was groaning at each little probe of her tongue.  She trailed
lower to his nipples, half hidden in the hair on his chest.  Already stiff,
she didn't have to do much to have him shuddering beside her as her hands
and lips showed him that she too, knew his body well.

	Jason was exhilarated, strength flowing back into him at every
intimate stroke of her hands.  She had never seemed so beautiful as she
did now, cheeks flushed, skin glowing in the lamplight and eyes....
eyes drowning him with sheer sensuality.  She was Venus to him.

	He let his hands drift over her, settling at her waist to hold her to
him.  Then he bodily lifted her, sliding her down slowly his body, directly
onto his throbbing shaft.  Daphne cried out at contact, her hands braced on
his shoulders to keep her balance, then threw  her head back, gasping as
he filled her.

	"Oh God, Jason", she groaned.  "I can't take this slowly.  Not now."  
Thankfully, they fell back in bed.  There would be other times to take it
slow.   Now, neither of them had the stamina to tiltilate, to drive the
other slowly crazy with desire.  This time was for speed and pure lust.

	Jason withdrew and plunged into her again, her tightness enveloping
him with such sweet ecstasy.  Daphne arched into him, reaching wantonly
for him. "Harder, deeper", she gasped into his ear, finally sending him over
the edge.  

	He felt the power surge within him, felt his blood go hot and wild. 
His taut body was demanding satisfaction and nothing would be able to
stop the wildness in him now.  When he next came to her, she cried out in
sheer pleasure, lifting her legs to allow him greater penetration.  She bit
into his shoulder, goading him on as he thrust powerfully into her, her
body absorbing the shock of collision.  Deeper and harder he thrust until
she could no longer hold back her cries of fulfilment.  It had never been so
primitive before, just a man and a woman slaking an unendurable lust.

	Jason had lost what grip he had left on his sanity.  She had driven
him wild as surely as he had her earlier.  He plunged into her, each stroke
more powerful than the last.  He needed the heat, the essence of her.  And
then ... he fell her muscles contract.

	Daphne cried out his name as she peaked, her body shuddering with
the force of it.  She arched up, head thrown back as her body seemed to
explode with the pressure.  She had just come down when she was swept
up again to a fresh climax.

	Jason could hold back no longer.  The contractions within her had
been his undoing.  All he could do was to bury his face in her shoulder and
go with the madness.

	When it was all over, they still lay entwined, washed in the warm
afterglow of love.  Jason made as if to withdraw but she held him back.
	"Don't go.  Stay with me awhile", she said, softly nibbling his ear.
	"But won't I be too heavy for you?", asked Jason in mock innocence. 
In answer, Daphne pulled him down to meet her lips.

	Strangely enough, the thought of him within her was more
comforting than exciting.  Buried here, in his warm embrace, she felt
loved, even after what he had done.  Suddenly remembering what had
happened, made her resentment rise but she forced it down.  There would
be time for revenge later.

	She started to plant  soft kisses on his neck and shoulders, running
her hands over his back into his hair.  She transferred her attention to his
face, framing it in her hands.  Studying it for a minute, she traced the
outline of his lips with her tongue.  He captured her mouth, brushing lazy,
butterfly kisses across it.

	Wickedly, Daphne concentrated on tightening her inner muscles,
shifting in invitation.  She could sense him smile against her cheek but
more than that, she could feel him hardening within her.  Fascinated, she
felt herself slowly stretch to accommodate him.  Beside her, Jason sighed
and murmured ruefully into her ear.  "I think it's time for round two."	 
   	                         

DarkNites II


	The writer dropped her pen like a hot coal, and stretched her aching 
fingers.  The pain in her hand was almost pleasurable when coupled with the 
delicious tension in her body..  Her breath came in short, sharp pants.  
Anne leant back in her armchair, her hands drifting slowly down over her body 
to the point that screamed for relief.  Her fingers slipped between her thighs. 

	Wet.  Her juice had soaked right through her panties and her silk 
nightshirt.  She swung her chair around to face the gardens, leant back and 
closed her eyes..  

	In her mind's eye, she was out in the garden, looking 
through the windows at herself.  She saw herself throw a leg over the arm 
of the chair.  She saw her fingers push aside the fabric at her crotch 
and dive in.  Anne gasped and pushed back against the chair, eyes squeezed 
shut as her middle finger worked her clitoris in circles.  The feeling of 
wet flesh rubbing against her sensitized clit was indescribable..

	Her other hand crept under the nightshirt, stroking upwards to find 
her erect nipples.  Not for the first time, she was surprised at smooth and 
firm her breasts were..

	Anne started to whimper as the urgency in her built up.  Her fingers 
picked up the speed, the pleasure was almost too much to bear.  There...
almost there.  YES! YES! NOW!  She exploded.  She wilted in the chair, 
exhausted.

	A soft sound came from behind her.  Her eyes opened slowly.  A soft 
smile played around her lips.  Strong, familiar hands stroked slowly down her 
shoulders to cup her breasts.  Anne looked up to see Jason in the flesh 
leaning over her.  

	"Adam", his name slipped off her lips sensuously.  He caught her 
hands and pulled her to her feet, catching her as her unsteady legs gave way 
under her.   She pressed against his hard body, a wicked sparkle beginning to 
form in her eyes..

	Adam glanced over his shoulder at papers sprawled over her desk.  
"Have I been immortalized in yet another of your books?"  Anne gave him a 
slow smile.  "You'll have to wait till the book comes out before you find 
out.."
	
	Adam knew the look in her green eyes.  The "I'm in control so get ready 
for an unforgettable night" look.  He ran his palm up her silk-clad back and 
bent down for a slow, sensuous kiss.  Just the way she liked it.  She began 
backing him toward her big armchair.  One push and he was settled in it.  
She backed away, one hand fingering her collar and a half-smile on her lips.

	She leant against the desk, looking him over possessively.  Inside 
Adam's slacks, his penis sprang into action.  He leant back, enjoying the 
feel of rushing blood and the pressure in his cock.  Slowly, Anne shaped 
the outside of her thighs, pushing up the hem of her shirt to her hips.  
Just as slowly, she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her briefs and 
drew them down.  As she knew he would, his eyes followed the scrap of cloth 
as it slipped down her slim, white legs to the floor.  On a whim, she 
hooked the briefs with her foot and stretched her leg out to hand it to him.

	He accepted it with a half-smile, bringing it to his nose, his eyes 
meeting hers over the cloth.  Taking her own time, Anne perched herself on 
the edge of the desk, arranging the folds of her shirt to conceal and 
tiltilate.  She pressed her legs together and brought them up perpendicular 
to her body.  

	She leant back, supporting herself with her hands and then pulled 
up her right leg, letting her bare foot stroke up her other leg.  Adam sat 
up straight in the chair, the anticipation was almost unbearable.  Anne 
straightened her leg, enjoying the effect of her teasing.  Gracefully, she 
swept her leg in a semi-circle, opening her legs wide to reveal to him her 
wet, red lips, the scent of her arousal wafting towards him.

	Adam gripped the arms of the chair tightly, every instinct in his 
body screaming at him to leap up and thrust into the hot, wet hole she was 
boldly offering him.  Anne waited to see if he would break.  He didn't.  
Good, he knew the game.

	She slid off the desk, and crooked her finger at him.  Obediently, 
he rose to his feet and came to her.  He pressed his body against hers, 
trapping her against the hard wood.  Anne could feel his hard shaft through 
his clothes.  She closed her eyes, imagining it probing at her hole, in 
her mouth, between her breasts, feeling the frenzy building inside her.  
Control it, control it, she repeated to herself. 

	Swiftly she started work on his buttons.  Adam took his chance and 
used her distraction to reach for her breasts.  Cupping and squeezing them, 
flicking her nipples and feeling her body jerk in response.  He leant over 
her, forcing her to bend back over the desk, her breasts rising to offer 
themselves to him.  His mouth fastened on them.  Anne whimpered as his 
clever tongue worked her sensitive points through the thin silk, barely able 
to keep her hands moving.

	 Anne finally got his shirt undone and went straight for the attack.
She pushed him off her and slid away from the table.  They circled each 
other, eyeing each other warily.
   
	Anne was not pleased.  The game had changed.  He was not longer letting
her have control of the situation.  Adam reached for his belt coolly, his 
eyes carefully neutral.  Slowly, he began to strip for her.

	He was nude in front of her in moments.  God, he was beautiful.  He 
loved swimming and it showed.  He had the toned body of a long distance 
swimmer, sleek and strong.  Her breathing quickened as her libido went into 
over-drive.

  	Adam got the shock of his life when she threw herself at him, her 
weight knocking him into the long-suffering desk.  He doubled over to 
protect his groin from flying knees and other flailing body parts so he was 
hardly prepared when she took his ear lobe his her mouth and clamped her teeth
on it.  He froze, the threat in her action unmistakable.

	Slowly, they straightened, Anne keeping her hold on his ear.  His 
hands moved to her shoulders, but the sting of teeth on one of his most 
sensitive spots changed his mind about shoving her away.  He felt her smug 
smile against his cheek.

	"Let go, Anne", he demanded in his best dangerous voice.  Her only 
response was to place her hands on his shoulders and draw her nails softly 
down his chest.  Adam shuddered against her body but didn't try to fight 
her.  Anne found his nipple with her fingers, teasing its tip in the way 
she loved hers to be touched.  Her grip on his ear lobe loosened as she 
flicked her tongue across it.  Encouraged by the fact that he hadn't 
tackled her, she grew bolder.

	Slowly, ever so slowly, she dragged her free hand down his body, 
feeling him stiffen as he realised where she was headed.  Stroking his 
penis was just the start.  When she took it in her hand, he groaned 
involuntarily.  Sure now, that she was once again in control, she released 
his ear.   A hand in the middle of his chest guided him backwards to her 
desk.  He slid up on it and lay back, waiting for her.

	She knelt over him, giving him a fine view before seating herself 
astride his thighs.  His penis, engorged and throbbing in rhythm with his 
heart, drew her gaze.  How could she possibly describe how beautiful it was 
to her..  

	Secretly, she had always thought she was weird, since she had 
always loved giving blow jobs, watching the ecstasy on her lover's face as 
she played his dick like a violin, feeling the power flow through her.  She 
had first suspected she was strange in college, when she admitted that she 
loved swallowing a man's cum to her friends and watched them get totally 
grossed out.  Did she care?  Hell no!  Not when the most exciting thing in the 
world was the sight of her lover's face when he climaxed.  Right now though, 
she needed to concentrate on the rest of him.  

	Adam lay beneath her, eyes shut feeling her touch him to his 
heart's content.  He had never been able to complain that she didn't touch 
him enough.  Indeed, no part of his body was sacred to her.  Her lips 
extracted pleasure from areas that he never knew were so sensitive...  He 
could feel her work his way down his body, impatience burning in his for 
the touch of her lips on his cock.

	AT LAST!  Adam bit his lip as the faint whisper of her breath 
brushed against the head of his cock.  Nothing.  He strained against her,   
wanting desperately to reach up and force her lips to take him in.  His 
hands curled into fists at his side as he fought the urge.

	He opened his eyes as he felt her slide up to lie beside him.  She 
propped herself up on an elbow smiling lazily at him, casually trailing a hand 
up and down his chest.  Damn!  Adam took another deep breath and forced himself 
to calm down.  She was obviously in no hurry to finish this.  	

	Deciding to test the waters himself, Adam raised a hand and stroked 
a finger down her neck to the valley between her breasts.  Anne didn't stop 
him, so he grew bolder.   He found her breast, taking its weight into the 
palm of his hand, teasing her nipple with his thumb.  He watched her eyes 
glaze in that familiar way, felt her press herself into him.

	Swiftly he came off the table and knelt over her.  He had already 
decided that he was going to do unto her as she had done unto him.  He 
started at her feet, stroking upwards on the outside of her legs, over her 
stomach making a bee-line for her nipples.  

	Carefully, he brushed the tips of his fingers over the sensitive 
tips of her breast, and heard her gasp softly in response.  Lazily, he 
traced circles around them, occasionally flicking one throbbing point.  
Swiftly, he stretched out beside her and bent down to claim her breasts.  
His tongue played a sweetly, maddening symphony with her body, until she 
was clutching him, one leg wrapped tightly around him.   

	Pushing her down onto her back, he lowered himself between her legs,    
making sure that his cock was probing directly at her vage (I think pussy  
& cunt are downright degrading!).  He heard her groan.  Good, he knew perfectly
well how much this drove her crazy.

	Anne reached for his butt, scratching him slightly as she tried to 
pull him into her.  Adam supported himself over her, looking very amused as 
she squirmed under him, trying to draw him into her.  Pretty soon, she lay 
still, glaring up at him. 

	"Swine.", she growled.  Adam ignored her, as he started to gyrate 
against her, his cock stroking along her slit.  Anne squeezed her eyes shut, 
trying to block out the deeply rooted instinct that screamed at her to 
take him in.  She felt like her blood had come alive and was shooting 
through her veins, forcing her to move her body to relive the tension.

	Now!  She pushed off the desk, twisting to throw him off.  Adam, 
too involved in what he was doing, was taken by surprise and nearly slid 
off the desk.  Anne swiftly settled herself astride his hips, glaring at 
him..  His hands came up to grasp her hips.

	Ever so slowly, she rose to her knees.  She looked down at his cock
deliberately, knowing that his gaze would follow hers.  She wrapped her 
hand around his shaft, and heard his breathing quicken..  Slowly, she 
lowered herself onto it.

	The moment, his flesh touched her inner lips, the familiar urge hit 
her.  She needed to thrust down, to grind herself against his pubic bone.  
Instead, she forced herself to take it slow, feeling that wonderful 
stretching sensation that only comes with the first stroke..

	Adam's mind was reeling as he watched her slide down his shaft, 
watched more of himself disappear into her.  The hot, wet tightness around 
him excited him no more than the soft groan she let out as she threw her 
head back as the pressure in her grew.  All at once she thrust down, 
burying him in her up to his balls.

	Adam reflexively reached for her breasts, poised so tantalizingly 
over him.  She leaned forward, letting their weight rest in his hands.  
Slowly, she began to rotate her hips over him, letting his shaft rub 
against every single inch of her inner walls.  Following her deepest 
instincts, she began to grind herself against him, her clitoris rubbing 
deeply against his pubic bone, giving her the stimulation she needed to 
climax.

	Adam almost forgot his own pleasure as he watched his wife go after 
her own pleasure.  Her eyes were squeezed shut, her entire body gyrating as 
her rythmn grew more frantic, soft cries escaping her as the tension in 
her body grew unbearable.  Her eyes flew open just as she slighted her 
climax.  That was the only thing he asked of her.  Keeping her eyes open as 
she came so that he could see the pleasure reflected in her eyes.

	Adam concentrated on not coming as Anne stiffened, her mouth in a 
silent scream.  It had taken him a long time to learn to stop his own orgasm 
as the walls around him spasmed and squeezed him in a way he still found 
wildly exciting.

	As soon as she collapsed on him, Adam rolled over so she was lying 
on her side, glued to him by their sweat.  Watching her orgasm had left him 
more aroused than ever, as the insistent throbbing of his cock deep inside 
told her.  She ignored her rubbery legs, and pulled away from him.  His 
cock slid out fully lubricated with her fluids.

	Mesmerized again by its strange beauty, she reached down for it.  
He groaned as her fingers wrapped around his thickness.  Slowly, ever so 
slowly she began the rythmn that he had taught her so long ago.  Adam 
squeezed his eyes shut, keeping in every bit of pleasure generated as his 
outer skin slid over his shaft.  Anne recovered quickly, her attention 
focused on his reactions as she picked up the tempo.

	Adam rolled back onto his back, letting her have full access to his 
body.  She leaned forward, flicking his nipples delicately with her tongue 
as her hand milked his cock with absolutely no delicacy at all.  She hit 
full speed, switching hands when she got tired.  The agonized grimace on 
his face, his hands convulsively clutching the edges of the desk, filled 
her with a pleasure entirely different from the previous one.  Her eyes 
drank in every gasp, every shudder as Adam's body started thrusting 
furiously against her flying hands.

	He managed to choke out the words.  "I'm gonna come."  Immediately, 
she tapered off the tempo, letting his body have the time to adjust to the 
changes.  Adam relaxed as far as the ache in his balls would let him.  He 
was already exhausted, but he knew perfectly well that the best was yet to 
come...

	Anne leant over him, the sensuous look was back in her eyes as she 
made sure she had his complete attention.  She drew down his body, her eyes 
never leaving his as she bent down over his dick.  Mesmerized, he drank in 
the picture of her lips gently claiming his head.

	Anne took her time.  She let her tongue trace the sensitive ring 
around his cock-head, flicking, teasing it unbearably until she suddenly 
sank his entire shaft into her throat.  Adam came off the table with a 
strangled moan, as the heat and wetness engulfed him.  She began bobbing 
her head, her tongue swirling madly against the sensitive underside of his 
dick, taking him in with the ease of a familiar lover...

	Adam couldn't keep off his orgasm any longer, the dark storm of 
pleasure carefully built up inside him, was demanding to be let out.  He 
let himself go.  

	Anne felt him go stiff under her, felt the tension humming in his 
body.  One last time, she took him in, her tongue feeling the throbbing of his
shaft against it.  He could only hold on to his sanity as the pleasure 
blasted through his body.  Dimly, he was aware of her sucking every last 
drop of cum from him.  The incredible sensations ripping through him 
precluded all else.

	A minute later, he came off the table and pulled her into a tight 
hug.  The taste of his cum was salty on her lips and he kissed her as only 
he could...


DarkNites III


	C-x C-c

	The writer slumped in exhaustion in her armchair.  The monitor in 
front of her glowed blue in the dim light.  This had taken a lot out of her 
but the insistant throbbing in her groin demanded relief.

	Behind her, her lover waited in the shadows.  He had the privilege 
of being the first to read it before she posted it to alt.sex.stories.  She 
glanced over her shoulder at him, noting with a half smile the obvious 
effect her work had on him..

	He put down the printout, and fixed her with an intense look..  He 
rose gracefully to his feet and walked to where she was.  Swiftly he pulled 
her to her feet, claiming her lips without any further ado.  The familiar 
tension of desire mounted in her as the combination of mental arousal and 
hardness against her body took her over the edge into desperation.

	She wanted a good, hard fuck and she wanted it now.  She told him 
so.  He gripped the waistband of her tights and yanked them down.  Her 
panties came off with them.  Free from the waist down, she hopped up onto 
the table, parting her thighs for him.

	Swiftly he undid his jeans with a skill she would never acquire.  
He sat down to yank them off his feet and then rose to his feet.  6 feet of 
sexy man in silk boxers.  He reached up and dragged off his sweater, arm 
muscles rippling.

	He walked to her, cock straining against the silk of his 
shorts.  Taking them off was a pleasure reserved exclusively for her.  The 
silk whispered as her hands slid them over his hips and down to the floor.

	He moved between her legs, his cock probing intimately at her 
soaking wet vagina.  Her legs rose to lock themselves around behind his 
back and he thrust violently into her.  A harsh cry escaped her as force of 
his thrust carried him deep into her.  The repressed tension in her 
exploded.

	YES, YES, OH GOD, GOD!  Her nails dug deep into his shoulders.  She 
clung to him, as he slammed into his body, her helpless cries of pleasure 
ringing in the deserted lab.  The combination of his force and her own 
helplessness excited as nothing her as nothing else could.  She soon found 
herself at the boundary between pain and pleasure.  Arching back her neck, 
she screamed as one last thrust carried them both into ecstacy.

	He collapsed on top of her.  Worn out, but completely happy she 
hugged him, a soft smile playing on her lips..

	A little while later, he pulled away from her and typed news.
News>post darknites2.

Darknites II entered the curious world of Alt.Sex.Stories, where all 
fantasies do come true.



DarkNites: Study-Break


	Its 2 am.  You plop down on your bed, totally fried from ECE 541.  
You fling one arm across your eyes and heave a huge sigh.  You feel your body 
melt slowly into the mattress as tired muscles let go..

	Something isn't right.  You could have sworn that someone had just 
touched you.  Must be your imagination.  A hand whispers across your chest 
and then down one leg.  You try to lift the arm across your eyes to take a 
look but it suddenly seems to weight a ton.
	
	You feel someone settle beside you.  A warm breath of air blows 
into your ear and that hand slides back up your thigh to rest on your 
crotch.  You begin to harden instinctively, but the hand refuses to help 
you.  It slides ever so slowly up to your neck and gets to work on your 
buttons..

	Your eyes are still closed and you're wondering if this is all a 
dream, but the soft grind of your buttons as they escape your shirt tells 
you that no dream can be THIS vivid.  Nails scrape down your bare chest, 
leaving goosebumps in their wake.  Your zip slides down with a metallic 
rattle.  You hold your breath waiting for the touch...

	YES!  Soft strokes through the cotton of your briefs.  Your body 
starts to come alive, as you start wishing your clothes away.  As if your 
thoughts were read, two hands fasten on your jeans and yank down.  
Somewhere you find the energy to lift your hips to let the denim slide down 
to your knees.  The briefs soon follow.

	Warm hands fasten around your penis, beginning the familiar rhythm.
A wet tongue strokes along your bare thigh, moving lazily up to swirl 
around the head of your cock.  Another lazy lick as the hands stroke and 
massage you.  Suddenly you're engulfed in a warm, wet cavern.  You gasp in 
surprise and pleasure.  Nails scrape along the sides of your hips, reaching 
and squeezing your butt.

	A tongue swirls madly against you.  A taste of your skin, your 
sensitive head and then the wonderful feeling of heat and tightness.  Again 
and again it happens, just as slow and sure.  Its driving you crazy.  Your 
nerves are stretched to the limit but you still don't have the energy to move,
to protest, to do anything!

	The mouth withdraws leaving you wet and feeling the chill of the room.  
One finger slowly strokes up the vein on the underside on your cock.  Warm
breath brushes against the head of your cock, slowly moving lower.  Then both 
your balls are sucked into that clever mouth.  You arch your back instinctively,
a small gasp escaping you as the vibration begins at your crotch and spreads 
insidiously through your entire hips.  

	The pitch of the humming deepens and you suddenly feel the tension in 
your groin double as the vibration intensifies.  "Jesus", you groan, clutching
the sheets convulsively as the muscles in your stomach tighten and starts 
contracting involuntarily.  The shudders spread through your entire body as 
you feel yourself come within an inch of climax.  You start to fight it, 
wanting this incredible sensation to go on forever.

	The mouth shifts in position without a break in the humming and then
amazingly one hand is wrapped firmly around your cock.  Slowly it starts to 
pump.  Heaven!  Your body is now squirming uncontrollably as you try to keep
yourself from coming.  But then, the humming drops another octave.  The 
violent simulation is too much for you to bear.  Every muscle tenses as you 
explode...

	You're completely drained and you don't want to even try to move.  
But you do anyway.  You move your arm and open your eyes, blinking in the 
bright light.  There's no one in the room.  There is only a sterling silver 
ring on the bedside table by your clock.



DarkNites:	For you..


	The doorbell jangled.  Jonathan made a last attempt to straighten 
his bow-tie, grimacing as it stubbornly remained at a 15 degree to the 
horizontal.  He took a last look at himself in the mirror.  Thank God that 
he had always felt comfortable in formal clothes.

	He grabbed his wallet and opened the front door.  Katerina stood there 
gazing at him, a calm smile on her lips.  His eyes swept over her 
appreciatively.  She was in a short, strapless black dress with a black silk
scarf draped over her upper arms.  The expression in her eyes as she looked
him over told him that he wasn't looking too bad either..

	"You look sexier than hell", he said pulling her into his arms.  "How
am I going to keep my hands off you?"  That got a wicked grin out of her.
	"Don't know."  She reached around to squeeze his butt.  "I know I won't
try to..."  He gave a soft growl and lifted her clear off her feet, molding her
body to his.
	"AHA!  You are my prisoner now.  Don't even try to fight me.  I intend
to have my wicked way with you!"  A strange look flitted through her eyes as
her lips formed a mysterious smile.
	"Come on, we're going to be late.", she said, wriggling in his arms.
He let her down with a sigh.  "Aren't you going to tell me where we're going?", 
he asked.  

	"Nope."  Deftly, she slipped the scarf off her shoulders and twirled
it into a blindfold.  "Its a surprise."  He looked at her, standing there with
that strange light in her eyes and a little dread crept into him.  He was a 
strong man, always in control, never letting his guard down and perpetually 
watching his back.  Then he met Kat, and he found a woman who was strong 
enough to stand up to him, and he fell madly in love.  They had been through
so much but there was still a part of him that couldn't trust her.  Now there
she was, standing there waiting for him to put himself in her power.

	His heart began to pound in slow, hard strokes as he shut his eyes and
felt the silk wrap around his head.  She took his hand and led him down his 
driveway to her car..

			-----------------------

	Katerina turned the key in the ignition.  The engine died.  She glanced
beside her.  Jonathan was completely tense, using his hearing to orientate
himself.  She smiled to herself.  Jon was a tough man but she could see clearly
that he hated being this way.  She got out, walked over to his side and helped
him out.

	"So, are we at my surprise yet?", he asked calmly.  "She pursed her
lips, considering.  "Not quite..  A little way more."  He felt her hand in 
his and let her lead him up a short driveway, stumbling a little over the 
little stones in his path.  He heard the jangle of keys and the sound of a 
door opening.  She pulled him forward.  He stepped into warmth and stillness.

	"Kat, where are we?"  He felt her lips on his.  Soft and comforting.
The air was scented lightly, smelling of....  sandalwood.  Her favorite scent.
But this was not her apartment.

	Katerina looked slowly around the room.  Scented candles were
everywhere, shedding a warm glow over everything.  She drew both of his hands 
in hers and drew him slowly to the double bed in the middle on the room.  She 
stood back from him, then placed her hands on his shoulders and drew them 
down his lapels to the single button holding the tuxedo together.

	Jonathan felt his jacket part and then her hands pushing it off his 
shoulders.  Instinctively he raised a hand to take off the blindfold but 
she caught it and pulled it back down to his side.  Realization hit him then,
a pure thrill of excitement going through him.  His senses sharpened instantly,
focusing on the touch of her hands through his dress shirt and the rush of 
blood to his groin.

	He reached for her as her hands started on the buttons of his shirt,
clasping her hips and pulling her against him.  He shaped her bottom, sliding
his hands over them slowly, making a mental picture in his mind.   His hands
swept gently up the velvet to find her breasts.  She gasped as he took their
weight in his palms, squeezing them.  Muscles in her buttocks spasmed as his
thumbs found her taut nipples through the fabric.   And then she was done!

	He felt her yank the shirt out of his pants and practically tear it 
off him..  A little of her wildness crept into him as he shoved down the 
top of her dress roughly, a metallic rattle in the background as her zip gave
way.  Immediately she shoved him away, leaving him alone in the darkness, 
sensing only her tense presence nearby.

	She slipped out of her dress quickly, leaving her only in her panties.
Slowly she moved close enough for him to sense her.  Not touching him at
all, she walked slowly around him taking in the sight of his naked chest 
glowing golden in the candlelight.  She stopped when she was back in front of
him.  One hand on his chest guided him backwards until he felt the softness of
the bed against the back of his knees.  A slight push and he was sitting on it.
He could feel the bed dip beside him and then she was pushing him back until 
he was lying back on the bed.  

	Katerina knelt over him not letting any part of her body touch his, 
save her hands.  Beginning at his shoulders she stroked down his arms, stopping
at his wrists.  She slowly wrapped her fingers around them and drew them up
over his head.  She released one hand and reached for one of the silk scarves
attached to the bed.  

	As soon as Jonathan felt something soft slide over his hand and tighten
around his wrist, a sharp bolt of sheer panic shot through him.  He shot off
the bed to his knees, his right arm still bound to the brass headboard.  He 
started to wrestle with the knot, just as he felt her hand slip over his and
still it.

	"Trust me..." came a whisper floating to him on the still, warm air.
He loved her.  Everything in him screamed at his loss of control.  He had
to trust her.  He was scared stiff.  He stood still for a moment and then 
wordlessly, he held out his free hand to her.

	He sank back into the bed, and felt her finish binding him to the
bed.  His entire body felt like a live wire, every inch of skin suddenly 
incredibly sensitive to every brush of her body.  His panic was subsiding
but he was still tense..

	He felt fluttering fingers on the snap of this pants, heard the
zip slide down.  Lifting his hips slightly, he let her pull it off.  His 
boxers soon followed.  Katerina sat back on her heels, her eyes travelling
slowly down his naked body, his skin glowing a rich gold in the flickering
candlelight.  He was still nervous but he was also incredibly aroused.  His
shaft was throbbing and erect and she longed to wrap her hand around it and
feel its firmness.  She banished such thoughts from her mind.  This night
was for him.

	She leant slightly towards him and placed one hand slightly above
his chest.  He stiffened, sensing its presence.  She moved it downward
slowly, watching his skin break out in goosebumps at this invisible caress.
Down she went until her hand was poised over his crotch.  She watched him
lie there, straining his body towards her and then she wrapped her hand 
around his cock.  She heard a sigh of pleasure escape him as the warmth
came around him.  Bending slightly, she flicked her tongue quickly across 
the sensitive head of his penis and immediately felt the throbbing of the
vein that signalled the rush of more blood..

	She bounded off the bed, and headed for the refrigerator.  Behind her
Jonathan lifted his head sightlessly, listening for her.  Then she was on the
bed again, stretching out beside him, still not letting her body touch his.

	He felt it first at his belly button.  Something chilly and rough,
moving up his chest and circling around his nipples.  They stiffened even
more, his sensitized skin reacting to the rasp of the thing.  Then it was
poised at his lips.  He opened his mouth and took a bite.  Sweetness
exploded in his mouth, the juice sliding down his throat and lingering on 
his lips.  Kat popped the rest of the strawberry in her mouth and bent
down to claim his lips.  His tongue thrust fiercely into her mouth, clearly 
tasting the tang of the fruit.  It felt exotic and wildly erotic as her
hands ran over him, touching and stroking as only she knew how.

	She pulled away from him.  He lifted his head to keep contact with
her lips just a little longer but she was faster.  Suddenly he felt a strong
chill at his hip moving around in growing circles.  Ice!  He knew it 
immediately.  Katerina smiled as she saw it in his quick smile.  She drew it
swiftly down one leg and back up on the inside, watching him flinch as it
touched his sensitive inner thighs.  

	She popped the ice block her mouth and then threw it over her shoulder
as she bent down and pressed her cold lips to the crease where his leg meet 
his body.  Jonathan came off the bed with a cry, his mind suddenly reeling.  
Her tongue flicked out and traced the crease, feeling his body jerk under her.
His heat warmed her up again as her tongue danced tantalizingly nearer and 
then further from his cock, drawing teasing circles on his balls, in his pubic
hair..

	Then her tongue was on him, the rough rasp sliding around his 
sensitive head made his body jerk involuntarily.  One hand wrapped around him
and began to stroke the sensitive skin.   Then it tightened around him and
slowly began to pump.  His breathing became shallow as she increased her
pace slowly, always keeping it slower that what he needed, making him
want..

	Then suddenly she went full speed ahead, her hand milking his 
cock furiously.  "Yes!  Oh God, Yes!"  The pleasure was sharp and perfect,
driving him swiftly but surely towards coming.  But then suddenly he was 
engulfed in heat and wetness.  The rhythm broke and he was left pulsing,
heart pounding madly as frustrated desire flowed through his veins.

	Katerina gave him a few seconds to recover and then she ground her
jaw sideways, her tongue and the walls of her mouth flowing around him in
an intensely elaborate caress.  She kept it slow, letting her tongue 
tease and flick his head, throughly enjoying the sight of his clenching
hands straining at her scarves.  Then suddenly she drew her head back and
plunged down, taking his entire length into her throat.  Jonathan groaned,
his hips arching up into her mouth.  His most basic instincts screamed at him
to thrust into her, but she had his lower body pinned down and the rest of him
completely at her mercy..

	Kat pulled back and plunged down again and again, her lips squeezing
with just the right amount of pressure.  His hips found the rhythm, moving
with her towards his climax.  His head pressed back into the pillows, a 
grimace etched on his mouth as he felt the first shudders begin to start in
his groin.  Katerina felt them too because she stopped.

	"NO!  DAMMIT KAT!", he exploded.  She didn't answer him.  Instead,
she came to her knees and slid off her panties.  Then she knelt astride him
and lowered herself down carefully.  Jonathan felt her wetness rub against his
shaft and his stomach.  Slowly she started to rub herself against him,
spreading her fluids all over him.  Deep inside him, a stronger instinct
came alive suppressing the throbbing ache in his balls.  His hands clenched
and jerked at his bonds, trying to get loose.  His imagination clearly
saw her pinned beneath him as he thrust into her, her legs coming up to 
wrap around his waist letting him have full access to her. 

	Kat took his cock in her hand, guiding it to her clitoris, rubbing
it and her inner lips with just the right pressure.  She began to shudder
as the pleasure spread through her groin.  The pure mental arousal she had 
gone through so far had brought her so close to the edge that she had to have
relief.  Jon realised what she was after and began to thrust himself against
her.  She let go off his shaft with a grateful sigh and laid her body down on
his.  Her knees were spread so far apart on either side of him that every
thrust brought him in close contact with her throbbing clitoris.  

	Jonathan could feel her trembling on his chest, her hands gripping
his shoulders in rhythm with his thrusts.  He could hear her soft whimpers,
could feel the familiar pleasure spread through his own body with every
touch of her wet flesh.  He sped up his movements, hearing her whimpers
grow to loud gasps, feeling her press herself closer to his cock.  Her 
nails dug into his shoulders and then her body froze against his as her 
orgasm broke over her.  

	Jon's own body had taken over, rubbing furiously still to gain its
own satisfaction.  Kat came down from her climax to find that she was
heading for another.  This time, she needed a more satisfying one.  She pushed
herself off his chest and straightened up before plunging down directly on
his erect penis.  Jon arched back with a wild cry as he felt himself buried
in a hot, wet haven.  

	Katerina braced her hands on Jon's chest as then began to pump her
hips, not enough for her to withdraw completely but just enough to see Jon
start writhing under her.  Her scarves were stretched taut with the violence 
of his struggles but her knots were excellent and held true.  Kat's dark hair 
spilled over one shoulder and both their bodies gleamed wetly in the 
candlelight as she ground her clitoris against his pubic bone with each 
thrust.  

	She sped up, squeezing her inner muscles to offer him an incredibly
tight sheath.  The added stimulation was too much to bear.  Jon went rigid,
an agonized grimace on his face as his shaft throbbed violently within her, 
his long-delayed orgasm double its usual intensity.  One last deep grind of 
Kat's hips and she cried out, the squeezing of her muscles changing to 
violent, uncontrolled spasms that joined his own.

	She collapsed on top of his exhausted body.  He still couldn't see
a thing but the dead weight on top of him told him that she had climaxed
with him.  A slow smile spread over his face, widening into a cocky grin.  
This being-tied-up stuff wasn't too bad...

	"God, Kat.  You're wonderful..."  He felt her smile against his 
chest.  "But wait till I get my hands on you..", he finished deliciously.
A soft laugh reached his ears.  


	"That could be a while, lover.   What makes you think that this
	is over?"


DarkNites:  One Night.


	What the hell was she doing in front of his apartment?  She was
leaving just to get away from him, so why the hell was she here..  Dammit!
She knew perfectly well why.  She hesitated for a moment, then pulled herself
together and rang the doorbell.  She wanted and she had waited long enough.
She squared her shoulders and waited.  The door opened.

	"Lia!"  It sounded to her as if the very way he said her name was 
steeped in promises.  He stepped aside and allowed her to pass through.  She
turned to face him and their eyes locked.  They both knew why she was here.

	Mesmerized, she gazed at him, intrigued by the clouding of his eyes.
He reached for her hand, lifted it to his lips and kissed her fingers 
seductively all the while looking over at her through those sensational 
violet eyes.  She didn't say anything, she didn't have to say anything.

	She stepped forward confidently into his arms to meet his kiss, the
romance of the moment changing in a flash into while-hot passion.  How long
had they they waited for this?  Forever.  Now she thirsted for his kisses,
her hand slipping into his hair, stroking the silken strands she loved so 
much.  Hot sparks of pleasure shot through her body, straight to her inner
core, forming a sharp pain there which she instinctively knew only he could
stop.

	No strings attached.  That was the deal.  It seemed so cold-blooded
but she desired him with an urgency that couldn't be ignored.  His hand
slipped up from his waist to the underside of her breast.  She gasped as it 
came alive at his touch, little shivers of pleasure running through her.  She
was spiraling down a whirlpool and in a few moment, she knew that she would
not be able to deny him anything.  He suddenly stopped kissing her and gazed 
into her face, his hand coming up to stroke her cheek.

	"Do you want me?", he asked softly, knowing full well the answer but
needing to hear it anyway.  Lia's lips bruised by his kisses whispered
wretchedly "Yes."  He drew a sharp breath and then framed her face with his
hands and murmured so softly that she could barely hear him.

	"I want you more than any woman I've ever known.  I want to touch
you like a lover and not like a friend.  Once this happens, there can't be
any going back."  "I know", she whispered as she leant forward to capture his
lips.  He swept her up, carrying her to the fireplace, setting her gently 
down on the soft Angora rug.  He gazed into her face intently.  

	Something was wrong.  It was unspoken by very real.  Intuitively, 
Sam knew that she was holding part of herself back from him.  Dammit!
He needed to touch her.  Body, mind AND soul.  He needed her to want him 
as much as he wanted her.  Nothing less would do, he promised himself.

	He lifted a finger and very deliberately outlined the shape of her
lips, lovingly following its contours.  She parted her lips slightly, inviting
his touch, her eyes seducing him.  He slipped his hands into her hair, feeling
the heady silk of it slipping through his fingers.

	Fascinated her watched as she unbuttoned his shirt overcoming her
fears as she pushed it off his shoulders.  She let her eyes wander down him
as she had done once before.  How she had longed to touch him then, never
knowing that she would find the courage to do it.  She let her hands drift 
from his shoulders into the silky pelt of dark curls on his chest, feeling
him shudder as she tugged the hairs gently.

	He reached for her, kissing her hard on the mouth while he pulled her
zip down.  He let his lips burn a fiery trail of kisses down her neck as she
threw back her head, letting him have full access to her.  His hand pushed
the dress off her shoulders, kissing the exposed skin as he did so.  The dress
slid off, leaving her in her bra and panties, the firelight casting golden
shadows on her skin.

	"Sam", she whispered urgently through her bruised lips.  "I know.",
he answered softly, pushing her down onto the rug.  Her hands traced the hard
muscles of his back, memorizing the hard planes of his body, slipping
downwards to mould the curve of his buttocks.  He traced the edge of her 
bra with fiery kisses, before sinking his face in the perfumed valley of
her breasts.

	Suddenly, the memory of her rape popped into her mind.  The knife!
Her body stiffened slightly, making Sam raise his head to look at her.  
Ruthlessly, she pushed the memories away, knowing that it would be different 
this time.  Her body was finally ready to accept another man..

	"Sam, make love to me."  With a groan, he claimed her lips once again,
a promise of what was to come.

	His hand stroked upwards to cup her breast.  She gave a little cry as
her nails dug into his back.  His thumb gently flicked her nipple, making her 
gasp uncontrollably as an electric shock ran through the body.  Immediately,
the little bud hardened, pushing against the flimsy lace of her bra.  Within 
seconds, he had pulled it off her, revealing the delicate swell of her breasts.

	"My God.  You are exactly as I imagined!", he groaned before letting 
his lips travel up the creamy slopes of her breasts.  Her exquisite nipples
jutted forth inviting his touch while the fire cast dancing shadows on her
pale skin.  His mouth claimed one hard bud, tantalizing it as he nibbled and
teased it with his lips, driving her wild with longing as he continued with 
exquisite torture.  The suddenly the teasing lover was gone.  Instead he
whipped up a storm of sensations as he sucked on her straining peak harder
and harder.  Gasping, she arched towards him as red-hot lightning bolts shot 
straight to her groin where she felt the moistness start up.

	She shut her eyes, letting herself feel the intense pleasure he was
giving her.  But God!, she wanted more, so much more!  She raked her nails 
down his back, making him shudder and kiss her other straining nipple.
"Dear God!", she cried, her fingers weaving themselves in his hair, as
she drowned in the wonderful tang of expensive aftershave and the scent of his
body.

	He could feel her heart thudding beneath his hand, fluttering like
a trapped bird.  He let his hands drift downwards, fastening on the remaining
piece of her underwear, drawing the soaked fabric down her legs.  Hypnotized
by the sheer beauty he had unveiled, he drew back to remove the rest of her
clothes, his eyes never once leaving her.

	She propped herself up on her elbows, drinking in the sight of his
intense masculine beauty.  His body slim and tanned, perfectly formed with 
not a spare inch anywhere.  Her lover.  Her man, she thought possessively
as she reached up to pull him down.

	He covered her body with his, molding her to him.  Flesh on flesh,
with no barriers.  Touching, learning, discovering.  No words were necessary,
only the magic that held them trapped existed.  His hands slid between her
thighs, stroking the petal soft skin, insistently parting them to his questing
hands.  When fingers finally slid between her moist lips, she gasped then
clutched him as he touched her at the most sensitive place of all.  Her
heart sped up as she lost herself in the spell his skillful hands were
weaving around her.

	His lips replaced his hands, his tongue probing her insistently,
driving her half crazy as he held her frantically straining body steady
under him.  Again and again he brought her to the edge of climax, letting
her have a glimpse of ecstasy before suddenly stopping.

	"Sam please...", she groaned as the emptiness within her grew.  
He moved up to her before whispering "Not yet, my love."  She plied her neck
and shoulders with hot kisses, while her hands roamed free, feeling the 
whip-cord strength of his body, straining his self-control to its limit.

	She nibbled his ear before thrusting her tongue into it.  The result
was explosive.  She locked him in her arms as he gave a sharp cry,
involuntarily thrusting his hips against her to the rhythm her sliding
tongue set.  Seizing her advantage, she reached down and grasped him firmly
in her hand, glorying in the knowledge that she too could drive him crazy
with pleasure..

	The shuddering in his body grew with every stroke of her tongue
and each thrust of his shaft.  With an immense burst of will-power, he
prevented himself from taking her then and there.  It was too soon.  He 
wanted to make sure that she would never forget this night.

	Lia was transformed.  A new confidence poured into her as years of
suppressed sexuality exploded in her.  Like a woman possessed, she arched and
twisted, demanding, determined to break his control.  They grew rougher,
scratching and bruising each other like a pair of tigers as they fought for
supremacy.

	Sam's control was breaking, his nerves were shattered and he knew
he couldn't hold off much longer.  She had completely invaded his mind and 
seduced him with her passion and femininity.  Possessing her was the only 
thing he could think of, making this incredibly woman his.  Dear God, he had 
to have her but he wanted everything not just what she chose to give him.

	Then suddenly he felt her last defenses fall.  "Sam, please.  I 
need you so much.", she groaned.  He gave a triumphant cry as he claimed
her lips.  She pulled him closer, ready at last to receive him, needing to 
feel joined to the man she had chosen.

	He parted her legs before driving deep into her.  Her strong muscles
contracted around him as the shock on his thrust hit her.  He started moving, 
slowly and deep within her.  She shut her eyes, holding in the wonderful 
feeling of his body grinding itself against her, concentrating on the tension 
coiling up in the pit of her stomach.  Slowly, he wound her up like a spring 
until her body was taut under his, muscles trembling slightly as she reached 
for her satisfaction.

	"Open your eyes, Lia."  Her lids lifted, showing her eyes glazed with
concentration.  He withdrew slowly and then slammed back into her, watching
her as she threw back her head and arched into him.

	"YES!"  Her voice was a low growl as her legs wrapped around his
waist.  She felt it.  Her own power, her own strength.  Her eyes were now
longer dazed but clear and intense as she started to grind herself against him.
Her nails dug into his back, goading him on.  He started moving, each thrust 
powerful as he stroked deep and hard within her.  Harsh cries escaped her as
he thrust deeper and deeper into her inner core, filling her completely.  And
then she was exploding...

		----------------------------------

	It was still dark when Lia awoke.  She lay there, suddenly realizing
the magnitude of what she was about to do.  She wanted to wake him, to tell
him that things had changed but she couldn't risk the humiliation of going
back on the terms of their agreement.  This, at least would be a clean break.
She would have to leave now before her resolve failed her.

	But that it seemed was easier said than done.  His arms were around
her, anchoring her body to his.  Cautiously she lifted one arm off her before
wriggling out from under the other, keeping a watchful eye on him all the
while.  Free, she leant over him.  His breathing was even and he looked
tranquil.

	"Thank you Sam, for tonight", she whispered.  "I hope you can forgive
me for this.", she continued remorsefully.  Five minutes later, fully dressed,
she slipped out of his apartment.

		-----------------------------

	Sam slowly drifted to consciousness.  His arm groped for Lia but it
encountered nothing but cold sheets.  He sat up with a start.  He could
sense that she was gone.  Oh, she could have easily been in the kitchen or
the shower, but deep in his heart, Sam knew she was gone.


DarkNites:	Reflection


	Anne was exhausted.  Lia's disappearance and the subsequent cross-
country pursuit had taken a lot out of her.  Still, her readers would love it.
Her agent had already pronounced it a best-seller.  She glanced at her watch.
Midnight!  She groaned softly.  That made 6 hours straight.  She turned off her 
Mac IICX and headed out of her office.  

	Adam was stretched out on the bed in nothing but his boxers.  She 
collapsed on the bed beside him, her face buried in a pillow.  He lifted one 
eyelid and stretched out one hand to rub her back.

	"Bad day?"  He got a groan in reply.  "God, your shoulders feel like
iron."  
	"They hurt like hell..", she replied.  "What I need is a long soak
in a hot, hot bath."  She peered hopefully at him over the mound of the pillow.
He gave a soft laugh and propped himself on one elbow.
	"Does My Lady want soft music and candlelight with her bath?"  She 
rolled to her side and lifted one arm to hook around his neck.
	"Milady would bless your very name for all eternity.."
	"Hmmm."  He swung off the bed and headed for the bathroom.  Anne
took the time to send up silent thanks to the guardian angel that had got her
to marry that infuriating, wonderful man...

	Ten minutes later, mellow jazz floated through the room.  Adam padded
to the bed totally naked.  Without a word, he swept her up in his arms and
headed back to the bathroom.  Anne wrapped her arms around his neck, a 
deliriously happy smile plastered on her lips.

	He let her down beside the steaming bath, the candlelight turning 
the foam a rich gold.  She stood still as he peeled the sweats off her body.  
Then they both stepped into the bath.  Adam winced as the heat hit his calves. 
He would never get used to the near scalding temperatures she liked for her 
baths.  Still he forced himself to ignore the pain as he slid down into the 
water and held out his hands to her.  She came down to him, water sloshing 
over the sides as she leant back against him.  She relaxed almost immediately 
with a sigh, her head dropping back against his strong shoulder.  Adam smiled 
as a happy purring started somewhere below his left ear.

	He started stroking her body with long, sure strokes, bringing up the
water to pour over her shoulders.  Then he pushed her limp body off him,
and propped her against her bent knees.   He took up a wooden ladle and 
poured the steaming water over her shoulders, letting the heat loosen the 
muscles up before he worked them over with his hands.  Beneath him, Anne
groaned softly as his thumbs forced the tension out of her body.

	Then the water was pouring over her head.  Sighing, she pushed her
wet hair out of her face.  Then she relaxed again as she felt his hands 
against her scalp, rubbing around in circles as he worked the shampoo into 
a rich foam.  She didn't give a damn what he was doing, she just needed that
wonderful head massage to go on forever.  Those deliciously hypnotizing hands 
stroked her head until she was groaning from the sheer pleasure.  Then the
water was washing the foam away and she was pulled back against his chest.
She snuggled up to him, his arms coming around her making her feel completely
sheltered and safe.  She let out a soft yawn and closed her eyes, completely
content.

	A little later, as the water became a little too cool for comfort,
he roused her.  A little disoriented, she let him lead her out of the bath
to the middle of the room.  Shivering a little, even in the warm air, she was
grateful as he started to rub her down with a plush towel.  It went slowly
around over her body, the texture sensitizing her skin.  Even cushioned in 
a few layers of sleep, she loved the feeling of his hands running over her
breasts, between her thighs.  Suddenly, she came a little more awake.  Since
when had that thing got there?

	He sensed her puzzlement and looked in the direction she was looking.
They were reflected in the huge, full length mirror in front of them.  He 
stepped behind her and dropped the towel to reveal her nude body in exquisite
detail.  Her eyes were wide, the sleepiness gone as her gaze wandered over
herself.  Adam lifted his hands to her hips, stroking down her legs.  Her
lips parted in the mirror, her eyes following the movement of his hands.
He bent his head to plant a soft kiss on one shoulder, hands moving up 
ever so slowly to cup her breasts.  In the mirror, her eyes met his, suddenly
filled with a glowing hunger.

	She leant back against him, eyelids sweeping down halfway, her hands
going behind her to clasp his butt.  He looked at her, completely sensual and
giving him complete access to her body.  It made his heart start pounding in 
slow hard strokes, sending the blood rushing to his semi-erect cock.  His 
gaze in the mirror grew more intense, sending thrilling shivers down her spine
as she felt the hardness of his penis prod her buttocks.

	She saw him squeeze her breasts, felt her nipples tighten and his
mouth blowing into her ear.  Shuddering as the sweet pleasure awoke her 
sluggish senses, she rubbed her ass against him.  Then suddenly, she
felt him lower himself, guiding her to her knees.  He parted her legs, 
kneeling between them.  She came alive as the warm air hit her exposed crotch,
the currents arousing her every so slightly.  One arm came across her stomach 
anchoring her to his body as the other stroked down her side.

	Her fevered gaze watched his hand as it travelled over her stomach,
lower and lower to the bush between her thighs.  She saw his touch just as
she felt it.  A strangled cry escaped her tight throat, her nails digging
into his butt as his fingers slipped between her inner lips and found her
wet clitoris.  Heat spread through her body as she saw and felt everything
in 3-D.  Never had she been so turned on in her life as that moment when 
she watched her husband make love to her.  

	The pleasure was overwhelming, sweet yet incredibly powerful.  
She couldn't tear her eyes away as his fingers moved in faster circles.  
She watched as her hips began to jerk and thrust involuntarily, her thigh
muscles shuddering under the strain.  The tension built within her twice
as fast and twice as strong.  The pace of his thrusting fingers quickened and
roughened, giving her the hard, delicious stimulation she needed.  Her eyes 
flew to her face in the mirror, drinking in the undiluted pleasure in her 
expression.   Then she saw it in her own eyes as her orgasm exploded within 
her.  She screamed.

	Adam had to hold up her sagging body, the sound of her strangled 
sobs in her ears.  He twisted her around and buried her in his arms, feeling
the shudders of the aftermath, her sobs fading away to short gasps.  Then
he lowered her to the chilly floor, his body on fire after witnessing that
explosive climax.  He had gloried in the expression on her face, the sight
of her spread-eagled body twisting uncontrollably with his hand buried between 
her legs.  He needed relief.  He needed her.

	Her body arched up to meet his.  Anne wanted so much more.  She was
burning with the dark, dangerous sensuality that had awakened within her.  
She felt the hardness of his cock slide between her eager thighs, saw the
fire in his eyes.  She wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him down
to claim his lips.

	Adam felt the passion in her match every bit of his own.  Her tongue
moved like lightning, teasing and twisting in his mouth.  He pressed down
on her, the urge to mate was quickly becoming unbearable.  It didn't help
that her soft, wet flesh was gyrating against his groin, inviting.. 
No, demanding!

	Anne sneaked a glance at the mirror out of the corner of her eye.
The sheer sensuality of the picture they made instantly turned her on 
mentally and physically.  Adam's perfect body between her legs, his dark
tan against her skin, his lips at her ear.  And then he plunged into her.

	She arched up with a gasp, her body rising to meet his.  Her eyes
flew to his, guilt suddenly filling her for not being there with him.  For
being in the mirror.  He saw the embarrassment in her eyes, the flush rising
in her cheeks.  He forced down the urge to thrust again.

	"Its alright.", he said in a husky voice.  "Watch me make love to
you..."  He turned his head towards the mirror.  A few seconds later, he saw 
the gratefulness in her eyes.  He turned back to the distraction of her
body and let loose.

	She saw him start up with long, slow strokes, his hips rising and
falling between her legs.  She moved her legs higher up his back so she
could see his shaft sinking into her body.  A deep groan from Adam made
her suddenly realize that her position let him penetrate her completely..

	Swiftly, she widened her legs, letting his body come in closer to
her clitoris.  Adam started to grind himself against her at the end of each
stroke, the combination of her clitoris rubbing against her pubic bone
and a hard shaft buried to the hilt in her, satisfied her in a deeply 
emotional way.  She watched him as he picked up the pace, watched him 
grimace, trying to hold back his orgasm as long as possible.

	She let herself go, moving with him in a rhythm as old as time.  
Their bodies glowed in the candlelight, the light reflecting off the 
perspiration on their skin.   She felt the familiar desperation well up 
within her, her body moving instinctively to maximize her pleasure.  She
groaned his name, begging him to thrust harder.  He did.

	Adam heard her triumphant cry as his body slammed into hers.  He gave
no thought to gentleness now, his body totally out of control as he went 
after his own pleasure.  The friction on his cock was unbelievable as her 
muscles contracted around him.  The tension mounted in him even as he fought 
from coming until she did..

	Anne's stomach muscles were completely clenched, her head thrown back
as her body jerked upwards against the tiles with every collision of their
bodies.  Suddenly the level of tension within her shot up, every muscle in
her body freezing as her climax approached.  Adam's thrusts grew faster 
even as her muscles started trembling under the strain.  Then the suspense
broke and she arched towards him with a wild cry.

	Adam felt every single contraction of her vagina, saw the ecstasy in
her wild eyes and then he was exploding with her.  The pleasure spread 
through him with every pulse of his throbbing cock, down to his very toes.
And then the blessed relief.

		------------------------------------

	They were still on the floor of their bathroom, wrapped in damp
towels to keep of the chill.  She was buried in his arms, with only her
tip of her nose showing above his shoulder.  Most of the candles had
died, spluttering out with a fizz.

	"How did you know?" came the quiet question.  She gestured helplessly
with one hand.  "Mirrors have always been a secret fantasy.."
	"Not very much a secret.", he smiled against her cheek.  "Lost Loves.
Your second book.  I've been going crazy all these years wondering who you
did that with.."
	"No one.", she whispered.  "I know.", he answered.


--
