Archive-name: Violent/darkroom.txt
Archive-author: J. Verhagen
Archive-title: Dark Room

                    Warning! - The following story contains
                    violence and non-consensual sex.

                                    Prologue

          I was 17 - in my 4th year of high school - when it happened.
          I  was  never  very popular there. This was mostly because I
          was a new kid from East London (the poorer side of the city)
          and no one accepted me on this side of the city.

          To a certain extent, I didn't even try to fit in.  I  didn't
          feel that it mattered if they liked me. I didn't expect them
          to react the way they did. I didn't  expect  fights,  and  I
          didn't expect to be continually harassed in class every time
          the teacher turned his back. Unfortunately, that is what be-
          gan  to  happen. Even the teachers contributed to the situa-
          tion by turning a blind eye to my situation as often as pos-
          sible.

          I once thought of bringing a gun to class and killing  every
          one  of  them,  including  the teachers, but decided that it
          would be more "mature" to put up with  it.  I  figured  that
          this situation would die out when I reached high school. For
          the most part I was right. But a certain animousity remained
          and left me confused and uncertain. Girls liked popular guys
          and they also liked guys who displayed confidence.  Needless
          to  say,  I  never  scored  at  all in high school till that
          wonderful night when I got an unfair advantage.

                                     Spring

          It was spring, and I was getting behind  on  my  photography
          project.  It was very close to year's end and I figured that
          if I came in one night and really worked hard at getting the
          job  done, I would have a mark-wise advantage over my peers.
          I felt it would also help boost an average that was starting
          to  sag  because  of  some other courses I was taking at the
          time.

          I chose a Friday because there was  also  a  dance  on  that
          night and I figured it would be better to work on my project
          at school than to stay  at  home,  listening  to  music  and
          thinking  about how every one else is out having fun (like I
          usually did) The teacher gave me the keys  to  the  building
          and warned me that I would be held responsible if any damage
          was incurred in that section of the building. He knew I  was
          a good kid, but probably just couldn't forget the time I de-
          tonated a firecracker during his class (which caused no dam-
          age  -  aside  from  a  total disruption of the "quiet study
          period")

                                 The Big Night

          It was a bit chilly out that night  so  I  had  to  wear  my
          maroon  jacket.  It  was  a strange looking thing, a hand-me
          down from my grandpa. The stars twinkled with  leering  mad-
          ness  as  I  roamed  the streets on my way to school. I felt
          like a spectre crossing  into  another  place,  a  place  of
          deserted streets and empty houses. I was a bit shaken by the
          chill wind and overall quiet, and  alternately  scanned  the
          streets  and sky as I walked. I heard some voices off to one
          side.  jackalish leering noises, women screaming, shit-faced
          laughter.  Ahhh!,  I  thought, with recognition. The joys of
          living in a neighborhood infested with student vermin! Actu-
          ally, something happened after I passed the student's party.
          A shiver ran up my spine. It was like I accidentally  inter-
          sected  an  invisible boundary.  To this day I can't account
          for it. I just had a feeling that I was suddenly in new ter-
          ritory - a place where normal laws no longer apply.

          I was approaching the school and noticed a noisy  line  out-
          side  the  building.  I was a bit surprised that they hadn't
          gone in yet, as it was after eight o'clock, and  decided  to
          wait off to one side in the field until the lineup was gone.
          I was wearing a black shirt with dark jeans  under  my  open
          jacket  and  was practically invisible as I stood waiting in
          the shadow of some pine trees. I scanned the  waiting  teens
          with some amusement.

          Up against the school  wall  I  could  see  chubby,  blonde-
          haired,  big  titted  Cathy necking with her thirty year old
          boyfriend. He was a big monster  in  tatterred  jeans,  with
          tattoos  up his arms.  I heard he made a "good" living pump-
          ing gas. I watched as he palmed her floppy breasts,  pressed
          her  against  the  wall. Cathy liked to be watched. She knew
          that screwing an older man would improve her  social  status
          quite  a  bit at school, and this was her proof of conquest.
          She conveniently snubbed her friends (huddled together,  off
          to one side) to be with her "man"

          I could see Cindy and two other girls I  couldn't  recognize
          rolling  in  the grass beside the school wall. They were ap-
          parently pissed, or at least thought they were. A few guys I
          didn't recognise wearing baseball caps came over and slipped
          them a joint, which they passed around. Then they  began  to
          act  sillier  than  ever. When the guys started to paw them,
          the girls told them to fuck off. One of  the  guys  came  up
          behind Cindy, reached around her neck and held a switchblade
          to her throat. He pulled her up and faced her away from  the
          lineup  so  no-one else could see. It happened too suddenly,
          and her friends were too shitfaced to notice. The  guys  led
          her  off,  alone  and frightened to a secluded corner behind
          the big blue garbage bin. We never saw her again.

          I saw Jane standing by the  doorway  with  a  bunch  of  her
          friends.  They  were talking excitedly about something, gum-
          popping, staring at boys, all dressed in those idiotic  ber-
          muda  shorts  -  showing  off  their abnormally thin legs. I
          remember my sister telling me about how she  caught  one  of
          them  throwing  up  in  the bathroom at school - purging her
          lunch, keeping skinny.  Actually, watching them made ME feel
          like  tossing  my  cookies. "Cover those legs!", I felt like
          shouting. Their figures looked like the  figures  of  little
          boys.  It was bad enough that a lot of faggy guys were wear-
          ing pony-tails and long hair, but this only added extra con-
          fusion to the situation.

          I heard some rustling, whispering, and  giggles  off  to  my
          left. There was something white moving on the grass about 15
          feet away. I cautiously approached. To my surprise the white
          "sheet"  resolved  itself  into  two  interlocked partially-
          dressed human forms. They were wildly rutting, lost in their
          own  little  world.  They didn't notice me at all as I stood
          watching less than SIX feet away. I  recognized  them  both.
          The  guy  was  Rob  -  a  popular pretty-boy senior jerk who
          treated women like shit but who nevertheless  always  had  a
          girlfriend.

          "If you want me, you'll get down on fours!",  he  yelled  to
          Tula  in  a  crowded hallway once. She was a cute junior who
          gave herself to him at a party one night, thinking that he'd
          respect  the sacrifice. Tula was sobbing. We were horrified.
          She dropped to her knees, crying, falling forward  onto  her
          hands  -  to  the correct position. He picked her up gently,
          after calling her a "good doggie" and walked her out of  the
          hall. He dumped her the next week.  Now he was with another.
          This girl's name was Mira and she was a  cute  fifteen  year
          old  cheerleader.  I  left them to their fucking when a loud
          disturbance by the school doors diverted my attention.

          Two guys were fighting over some  girl  -  hunched  forward,
          switchblades  drawn,  circling  -  looking for openings. The
          girl was standing disinterested in the  background,  popping
          gum,  with a vacant stare in her eyes.  Every now and then I
          would see a flash of light off of one of  the  blades  as  a
          thrust  was  made.  It vaguely reminded me of a fist-fight I
          had seen a year ago - two older  guys  reducing  eachother's
          faces  to  unrecognizable  bloody  masks.  But this was dif-
          ferent. The other fight took hours. This one could take only
          a few minutes. A cop car pulled into the yard - probably for
          some other reason, and both guys disappeared into the  line-
          up.  The  doors  opened and people began filing in. When the
          line was gone a lone figure lay where the crowd had been. It
          was  one of the boys - stabbed in the back. The cop car just
          missed seeing him on its way out of the yard but I had to go
          by him on my way into the building.

                              Inside the Building

          As I passed by the gym, I had to wade through a noisy sea of
          teenage  "excreta",  smoking  and  giving  me  condescending
          glances outside the dance area. It was like those first  few
          sunny  days  of spring on campus. The arts and business stu-
          dents would suddenly appear out of nowhere -  sunning  their
          pale  bodies,  smoking,  listening to ghetto-blasters on the
          patio outside the ___ building. There were hundreds of them.
          They  wore 60's style clothes - jeans with multiple patches,
          John Lennon glasses - all that crap. They gave me  the  same
          look.  "Did  you  see  all  those  girls outside?", a friend
          asked. Girls? I was confused. I thought the sewer had backed
          up.

          The voices and music faded in the distance as  I  walked  up
          the  ramp  and  entered through the fire-doors that led into
          the North wing of the building.   This  was  where  all  the
          technical  courses  were  taught  - graphic arts, auto-body,
          shop, electronics, etc. There was also a room  that  doubled
          as  a photography classroom. Up ahead I could hear the jani-
          tors laughing, exchanging dirty jokes.  They had a room  off
          on  a  wing to one side. Their loud talk reverberated around
          the dark halls.

          "A bit tight - but what do you expect  from  a  twelve  year
          old!", one of them said. Raucous laughter followed. I remem-
          bered the day I discovered that the boilder room  was  above
          the girl's washroom. I couldn't believe it! Now I understood
          why the washrooms on the second floor  where  reversed  from
          the  ones  on the first. I could just imagine them up there,
          peeping through holes at girls squatting on toilets, jacking
          off  into  dirty  clenched  fists. Laughter. Maybe once in a
          while, they would come down and scoop a girl  from  below  -
          drag her screaming and kicking into the darkness above, nev-
          er to be heard from again. I still wonder what  happened  to
          Lynda. She disappeared like that: without a trace.

          I was surprised to find the door of the  photography  class-
          room  unlocked.  There was a puddle of vomit on the floor in
          the darkened hall, which I saw only after I  turned  on  the
          classroom  light.  I felt uneasy because of it and nervously
          looked around the room for some sign  of  occupation.  There
          was none, so I went in, locking the door behind me.

                            Developing the Negatives

          I had my camera with me as it contained some exposed film. I
          partly  brought it because it was safer to take the film out
          in the complete darkness of the lab and  partly  because  it
          would  make it easier to explain my presence in this part of
          the building (should someone stop me on my way to the  room)
          I  also  had  my bag with some other exposed rolls, and some
          photographic paper that my dad had got from somewhere  at  a
          discount  price. After setting up the necessary chemicals on
          one of the benches and getting out  the  plastic  developing
          tanks,  I turned out the light and groped my way back to the
          bench. About half an hour later - after fumbling in the dark
          to  get  the  negatives  in, and finding the light switch, I
          turned on the light. Everything was perfect. I now began  to
          measure out the chemicals into graduated cylinders. I wanted
          to do all three spools at once. I hit the timer after  pour-
          ing the first one, distributing it more or less evenly among
          the three tanks. I repeated the process for the other stages
          of  developing negatives. Later, I opened the containers and
          hung the negatives up to dry.

                                 Rick's Sister

          I used a hand blower  to  dry  the  negatives,  occasionally
          looking  closely  at  some  of the more memorable shots. One
          roll fascinated me to no end. This was  the  one  that  con-
          tained pictures of Rick's sister.

          Rick was a pretty good guy and his sister was really attrac-
          tive.  She  was a wispy blonde-haired junior.  We managed to
          get her to pose naked for us, although Rick was reluctant to
          persuade  her.  I  still  remember those moments in the room
          with her.  She was all nervous, her face  flushed  and  red.
          Rick excused himself from the whole thing "Do you want me to
          do this?",she said, laying on the bed in some kind of imita-
          tion  of  a pose she may have seen in a men's magazine once.
          She looked really unnatural doing that.  "Sure", I said from
          behind  the camera, madly clicking away at anything she did.
          I was so nervous that I could  hardly  stop  my  hands  from
          shaking.  My  heart  was pounding wildly, and I clutched the
          camera - afraid that I would drop it and make an ass out  of
          myself.  Less than five minutes later I had exhausted all 36
          exposures - winding up with 36 pictures that  more  or  less
          looked  the  same.  I bolted from the room in wild confusion
          with my prize, running, frightened by my  lack  of  control,
          all  the way home. Of course, I had to make up a story about
          suddenly feeling sick to explain my  odd  behaviour.   I  am
          still  haunted  by  the  thought that I may have hurt her by
          leaving like that. "Such a sweet kid", I  thought  sadly  to
          myself  as  I perused the pictures. The last one seemed dif-
          ferent, and it bothered my conscience. She seemed to have an
          odd expression on her face - an expression of stark terror -
          as if in that instant she realized what I was about to do.

                                 The Dark Room

          I sat there for a moment, my head in my hands, before  going
          into  the  darkroom  to  make  some prints. I didn't want to
          print any of the ones of  Rick's  sister.  Something  really
          bothered me about them. I decided to concentrate on the ones
          related to my projects. A glance at the clock showed that  I
          had  already  been there several hours. I cut the rolls into
          proper-sized strips and headed into the darkroom.

          The darkroom was a small office-like enclosure  off  to  one
          side  of  the classroom with black paper covering all of the
          glass windows on it's front face. To further  reduce  light,
          the  interior  had  been painted a flat black colour. It had
          all the equiptment required for printing negatives - an  en-
          larger,  timer,  developing  trays, and chemicals. I quickly
          set up the negatives by the enlarger and closed the door. It
          was  pitch  black  inside, and I flicked on the red light. I
          placed one of the strips into the enlarger and began  perus-
          ing my pictures, trying to decide which ones would be print-
          ed.

          I had just set up the photographic paper and was in the pro-
          cess  of making a test strip in the dim red light when some-
          thing happened. A chill passed through  me,  causing  me  to
          shudder  and  the  hair  stood  up on the back of my neck. A
          sense of horror riveted me to the spot, my mind  telling  me
          in  no  uncertain  terms  that  something was terribly wrong
          here. I was horrified. Even before I realised what  had  set
          me off, I knew that I was NOT ALONE IN THIS ROOM. It took me
          hours before I could force myself to turn around - to  stare
          into  the  recesses  of  the far corner from which the faint
          sound of breathing emanated.

                                    The Doll

          It looked like a doll, a mere charicature of  a  human,  but
          closer  inspection  showed  that it was the genuine article.
          Her name was Lisa, she was also in my photography class. She
          looked sinister in the red light - dressed in a black frilly
          party dress, with black stockings and dark  shirt.  Her  eye
          makeup  was smeared down her cheeks and her dark hair was in
          complete disarray.  She smelled  of  puke  and  at  first  I
          thought  she was asleep, but I was wrong. Her eyes were open
          and dilated. She was staring sightless up  at  the  ceiling,
          irregularly  breathing,  her  forehead  beaded  with  a cold
          sweat. I didn't really notice it before, but the  room  must
          have  gotten  cold.  It was cold enough that I could see her
          breath rising from her parted lips, even under the  dim  red
          light.  I  kept  expecting her to move or something, but she
          didn't. She looked like a  living  corpse  or  a  rag  doll,
          propped  up  spread-eagled  in  the  corner. All she did was
          breathe. It was like I wasn't there at all. I stepped  back,
          noticing  a  puddle  on the floor. She must have pissed her-
          self.

          Lisa was a real "popular" girl in our school. I  fell  madly
          in  love with her the first day I saw her. Back then, I used
          to believe that women should be placed on pedestals and  ad-
          mired.  Her snobbish ways and interesting attire only helped
          re-enforce my delusion that women were somehow  special  and
          remote. I remember that day at Rick's house. I was nervously
          pushing the buttons to call her up. Rick was on  the  exten-
          sion.  I  kept  hanging up while dialling, afraid that I had
          gotten the number wrong. Rick  was  getting  pissed  off.  I
          wanted  this  call to be perfect. "Hello?", she answered. IT
          WAS HER! My voice was suddenly hoarse  and  I  could  barely
          force  the  words out. I really didn't have anything planned
          and said the first thing that came to mind "Uh.... You don't
          know  me but I was wondering if you'd like to go out with me
          tomorrow" My mind was reeling.  I didn't realize how idiotic
          that  must  have  sounded on the other end. Only one thought
          kept repeating itself in my mind:  SAY  YES,  SAY  YES,  SAY
          YES....   She  said  something about how she had to wash her
          hair tomorrow night, and wasn't able to go out  at  all.  My
          own  inexperience  must account for the fact that I believed
          her. Rick told me that he saw her  at  the  dance  the  next
          night.  I felt like a complete fool.

          I knew another guy that did go out with her (Rodney). He was
          one of my best friends that year. They went to the dance to-
          gether, but she didn't dance with him.  Instead,  she  began
          hanging around with some tall guy from another school, kiss-
          ing up to him something fierce. My friend recognized him  as
          a  major  drug  dealer he'd seen doing business here before.
          She left with him. They fucked in a van  right  outside  the
          school doors. My friend was heartbroken, crying, contemplat-
          ing suicide.  He'd introduced her to his parents and  every-
          thing.  It was his first attempt at dating. Now he was humi-
          liated. Not just in front of the school, but in front of his
          parents as well.

                                Taking Pictures

          Now here she was, dressed like a slut and mired in  her  own
          filth.  It  was  a truly disgraceful sight and I didn't feel
          sorry for her. I turned on the lights and got  my  camera  -
          loading  up  another roll of film. I wasn't going to use the
          pics to blackmail her. Instead, I was going  to  print  them
          out,  photocopy  them, and distribute them to any interested
          guy in the entire school. Not just pictures of her with  her
          clothes  on either. These were going to feature full frontal
          nudity; anything I could get away with.

          I had to use my flash as the  flourescent  lighting  in  the
          room  was  insufficient  and  took awhile hooking it onto my
          camera. I almost freaked out when I discovered that I didn't
          have  any batteries in the thing. The whole situation had me
          tense enough as it was. Luckily, I managed to find some in a
          shelf  in  another part of the room. I was testing the flash
          attachment when a funny thing happened. I heard a soft groan
          from  the  corner.  I watched in horror as her body began to
          shake, almost as if  she  was  being  electrocuted.  It  was
          violent  and surprisingly regular.  Her eyes rolled into her
          head as she jerked slowly downwards against the  wall  until
          she  was  sponging  up the piss on the floor. She lay there,
          eyelids fluttering, her back arching a number of  times  be-
          fore  the strange vibrations subsided. With a start, I real-
          ised that the whole thing could have been initiated  by  the
          flashes.

          I decided to get this over with as soon as possible and took
          a  few  preliminary pictures of her with her clothes on, ad-
          justing the focus and angle. She didn't move  at  all  as  I
          snapped  away. I began removing her soiled clothes, undress-
          ing her. I put her into various poses, took  pictures,  then
          undressed her more.  Soon she was completely naked and I had
          exhausted the whole roll. I got another one  from  a  drawer
          and  filled  it  up  as well. I began to relax and took more
          time with the final pictures. The  last  roll  had  some  of
          best.

          Towards the end, I began to get horny. "Why  not?",  I  fig-
          ured,  rolling  her over onto her stomach, and spreading her
          legs. I pulled down my pants and began humping away  at  her
          inert form. It was hard at first, because she didn't provide
          any lubrication but it got much better. I was  impressed  by
          how  hot  she  was.  I never imagined a woman could generate
          such an intense heat. It was like sticking my cock  into  an
          oven. I was so excited that I didn't notice her piss soaking
          through my pants at the knees. I just pumped away,  grunting
          like  a  pig,  my  exhalation  visible  in  the red light. I
          couldn't believe that anything could feel this good. It felt
          so  good,  that  even after I climaxed, my body kept pumping
          away on its own volition for several minutes, even though  I
          wanted it to stop.

          Afterwards, I sat there panting and shivering  in  the  cold
          red darkness. A trillion thoughts passing through my mind as
          I lay there on my side. It was like my whole world had  been
          turned upside down. On the one hand I actually felt (believe
          it or not) that I loved her or something like that,  but  on
          the other I just wanted to get the hell out of here - as far
          away from her as possible. I stood up, noticing the piss  on
          my knees and began picking up my stuff, nervously shoving it
          into my bag. I turned on the regular light, exposing most of
          my developing paper. I didn't care. I just wanted to be able
          to see what I was doing. In a few minutes, I had cleared  up
          most of my stuff from the darkroom.

                                  Cleaning Up

          I put her clothes back on, paying  attention  to  small  de-
          tails. I was getting really worried because she seemed to be
          stirring, tossing and turning, eyes squinting,  coming  back
          to  life.  After  the last article of clothing was tossed on
          her, I dragged her out of the room by her feet. I  deposited
          her just outside the door, probably right into the puddle of
          vomit (although I was too distracted to  notice  it  at  the
          time).  I ducked back in and shut and locked the door behind
          me. I also turned out the main classroom lights  and  shoved
          my  jacket  under the door, as I didn't want her to see them
          if she woke up out there.

          Working by the light coming out of the darkroom,  I  cleaned
          up the chemicals and stuff from the bench. I also used paper
          towels to clean up all the piss  she  had  left  around  the
          place.  I  was very careful in erasing traces of my presence
          from this room, even though I wasn't sure whether I intended
          to say I came here tonight or not. Everything was still unc-
          ertain. I did this so that all my options would be open when
          the moment of "truth" came.

          About an hour later, I had all my stuff and was ready to go.
          I checked the classroom and darkroom for about the hundredth
          time before walking out the door. Lisa was gone.

                                    Epilogue

          Obviously, I didn't get much work done that night. But I did
          develope  the  negatives  for my projects and it didn't take
          much longer to print them up, so it  was  to  some  benefit.
          There  was no ruckus about a rape the next day (Monday). But
          then again, maybe the ruckus about the stabbing  death  out-
          side  the  dance  overshadowed  this  "minor" incident. Lisa
          showed up to home form just like she did any day, and didn't
          look funny at me or anything.

          I developed the negatives at  another  after-school  session
          and  was  impressed by the results.  I carefully cropped out
          any portions of the picture that contained any suggestion of
          where  they were taken; for example, the corner of the dark-
          room cupboard that protruded into the upper left of most  of
          the views. I also had to do a bit of matting with a piece of
          cardboard to eliminate  the  floor  tile  pattern  that  was
          characteristic  of  our  school.  I began experimenting with
          composites. For example, cutting out  a  print  of  her  and
          placing it onto a picture of *my* bed. It was hilarious! The
          resulting pictures were fantastic.

          One morning, bright and early, I tacked them up to  bulleten
          boards  around  the  school, after having copied them on the
          school office photocopier. I also shoved  them  under  empty
          classroom  doors,  placed them in male (and female) washroom
          stalls, you name it.  I  was  going  to  send  some  to  her
          parents,  but  figured  this  would  be enough. I was right.
          After about three weeks of continual harrassment, she disap-
          peared - storming red-faced out of math class in a flurry of
          tears. We never saw her again. Many of us were grateful.

------
DarkRoom: An Original Story by J. Verhagen,
(C)1992 All Rights Reserved. Contact me at
jv@irus.rri.uwo.ca for publication conditions.
