(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: DARK&DEL.TXT
Title: Dark and Delicious
Author: Incest




                            "Dark and Delicious"
                                  By EROS

       I am a tall, well-built white guy of twenty-six, married with two
       kids. About two years ago when I was doing some drilling work in
       the South, I met a seventeen-year-old black girl named Sarah on
       the ranch where I was drilling.  She was one of the prettiest
       black girls I have ever seen, shiny blue/black hair, great soft
       brown eyes, a full sensitive mouth.  She was slightly on the
       skinny side, but in my opinion, it only made her more alluring.
       With her body and looks, she could easily have been one of those
       catwalk models you see on TV.

       We were both a bit lonely, although I guess I was more horny than
       anything, not having seen my wife for over a month.  One night at
       a party, we got to talking and drinking, and before long the
       conversation was getting quite intimate.  Sarah told me she'd
       just split up with her boyfriend.  I said I was sorry, but she
       said not to worry, he was an asshole anyway, and all she really
       missed was the regular sex... especially oral sex.

       She saw the glint in my eye and I told her that was my favourite
       too.  Anyway, one thing led to another, and by the end of the
       night we were out back in the shed, Sara with her dress up around
       her waist and her panties pulled to one side while I licked and
       sucked hungrily on her gorgeous black cunt.  She came and came
       and came as I tongued that tasty gash, and then finally she
       sucked me hard and I fucked her doggy style till we both
       climaxed. We must have been gone for hours, but luckily nobody at
       the party missed us.

       After that, I would drop in on Sarah, two or three times a week
       for the express purpose of going down on her.  That girl was some
       of the best eating pussy I have found. And she was wild getting
       my cock rammed up her cunt and ass, too.  That was all we ever
       did together...  fucking and sucking...  and then some more
       fucking and sucking.  Her favorite was to have me eat her out
       while she sucked my cock, and we would happily do that for hours.
       She playfully called me her "personal and private cunt-sucker"
       when we were alone.

       Her parents and her younger brother and sister knew about me,
       too, because Sarah told them exactly what I did to her.  Her dad
       would grin and kid me about eating her, telling me that it was
       good for acid indigestion, etc.  Her easy-going mother would
       smile and shake her dark head and murmur about the "nasty things
       these youngsters do nowadays", and warn Sarah about getting
       pregnant, even though she knew that no female can get pregnant on
       saliva.  Her kid sister, Becky's eyes would shine when she saw
       me.  She was as pretty as Sarah but she was only fourteen.  Her
       fifteen-year-old brother, David would draw me aside and ask me
       how you go about eating a cunt. But, they were all happy for
       Sarah because she was getting the thing she wanted and loved.

       Sarah had a rather small cunt, a real tight fit around my tongue,
       and an even tighter fit around my rather large cock. Sometimes I
       had to push real hard just to get my tongue into her.  It was
       beautiful to look at, with had tiny, plumpish, dark lips with a
       long, delicately pink slit between them, a hole which was
       incredibly tight and hot and deep, a nice big clitoris which was
       easily located and which was always erect, and everything was
       covered very nicely by a small well-trimmed patch of kinky black
       hair which extended downward and disappeared into the deep cleft
       of her dusky ass.

       Her titties looked like a pair of tan melons on her chest, and
       had large dark-pink nipples.  Her waist was tiny, and curved
       outward demurely into her softly rounded hips and dimpled,
       squirmy rear end, then on down into her long slender thighs and
       dimpled knees. She was like light brown velvet all over, and she
       kept herself squeaky clean.

       I loved to give that girl tongue baths, licking and kissing all
       over her pretty face, her lips and eyes and forehead, her cheeks
       and throat, out her shoulders and down her arms, all the while
       petting her big hairy cunt or titties.  She would get hotter and
       hotter, and I would move all over her naked body, licking her
       hips and thighs, her knees and belly, over her breasts and
       nipples, up and down her back and all over her dimpled buttocks,
       sucking at her puckered asshole.

       By the time I reached her cunt it would be delightfully wet and
       actually quivering delicately for me.  She would hold those
       lovely full thighs open and up, and I would devour her entire
       crotch, never leaving it in less than an hour.  The more Sarah's
       cunt was eaten, the better it seemed to get. Then I would climb
       on top and fuck her and fuck her, till she juiced all over my
       prick and I emptied my balls once more into that tight, gooey
       little cunthole. Then she'd lick me clean and we'd start all over
       again.

       If she was having her period, she never let me go empty-handed.
       She would give me a very nice blowjob.  She always warned me not
       to tell her mom about that, fearing that the older lady would
       shit up her back if she knew that Sarah was a cock-sucker.  But,
       I think her mom already suspected it, anyway, because more than
       once I heard her grumbling about "the girls are just as bad as
       the boys when it comes to doing that nasty stuff!" She would give
       Sarah a direct gaze when she muttered it, too.  I think she
       suspected that her daughter would not let me leave unfulfilled,
       and she understood that Sarah liked me very much.

       One day I went around to Sarah's place but she wasn't home.  Her
       little sister let me in, and told me Sarah had gone shopping
       downtown with her mother.  I was more that a little disappointed
       since I was looking forward to a little deep and meaningful
       cunt-sucking with Sarah. Becky asked me if I wanted to stay
       anyway, but I said I should really go. Then I saw that look in
       her eyes again. She was wearing a pair if tight, white shorts,
       and her little tits looked just great under her short "T" shirt.

       "Can't I do anything to persuade you to stay?", she asked
       lifting up her shirt and showing me her tits.

       I mumbled something, but my mind was on her gorgeous brown
       fourteen-year-old body.  Her budding tits were much smaller than
       Sarah's, but wonderfully formed...  a perfect mouthful.  My cock
       betrayed my interest and when young Becky saw that, she pounced.
       The little kid had my cock out of my pants faster than a rabbit
       out of a drainpipe.

       She fastened onto it with her mouth and began sucking.  She was
       good, real good...  much too good for her first time. Between
       moans I asked her how she had got so good at it.  The pretty
       little girl took her mouth off my prick long enough to tell me
       that she had been sucking her brother's cock for weeks now.  I
       asked her if he sucked her cunt too, but she shook her head and
       told me that David had tried once and was almost sick.  I told
       her he was crazy to pass that up and asked if she wanted me to
       show her what it was like. She readily agreed and I told her to
       take off her shorts and spread her legs real wide so I could get
       at her little cunt.

       I gasped as she stood up and pulled down her shorts.  She wasn't
       wearing any panties and her chocolate-coloured pussy was almost
       hairless.  The lips of her cunt were tightly clamped together,
       and remained so even when I sat her on the edge of the couch and
       pulled her thighs wide apart. Just a thin, glistening line of
       pink bisected her bald little cuntmound.  I wet my lips and
       looked into her big gorgeous brown eyes.

       "You sure you want me to suck your pussy, Becky?", I asked.

       "Ohhh, yes! Please!", she begged. "David's tongue felt so good
       on my cunny that time he tried it. Oooooooooooh, do it to me,
       pleeeeease!"

       I grabbed her knees and forced her little legs further apart,
       telling her to hunch her hips up towards me. Her tiny, girlish
       twat quivered before me like jelly on a plate, and with a moan I
       buried my face in it, sucking and licking, nuzzling and probing,
       covering every inch of her delicious young crotch with my busy
       tongue.  In no time at all, sexy little Becky was squealing in
       mindless, adolescent pleasure.

       "Ooooooooohhh, yes, suck my cunt!", she whimpered. "Suck me off
       like you suck, Sarah! I want to cum like Sarah!

       And come she did.  Within minutes, she was bucking her quivering
       little cunt up off the couch like crazy, forcing my tongue deeper
       and deeper into the hot, juicy wetness of her sizzling young
       fuckhole. I slurped and licked and probed, sending the child into
       orbit when I latched onto her stiff little clit and sucked hard.

       "UUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHH!  GOD!  I'M CUMMMMMING!  JESUS!  FUCK!
       AHHHHHHGHHH", Becky screamed. She jerked and whimpered and
       bucked, squirming in ecstasy as she experienced the first
       cunt-sucked orgasm of her young life.

       I sucked up all her tasty juvenile spendings and licked her gooey
       little gash clean before letting her collapse back onto the
       couch in a near faint. She looked so gorgeous lying there, her
       hair all over the place, her legs sprawled wide apart and her
       naked tits bobbing up and down on her heaving chest. My cock grew
       as hard as a rock as I stared down at her gorgeous young body.

       Becky looked up and saw it. She asked if I wanted her to suck it
       off.  She loved doing that to her brother she explained,
       especially when he shot his hot cream into her mouth. But I said
       no, she could do that later, I had something better in mind. She
       smiled and asked me what.

       "Have you ever been fucked, Becky?", I asked lying next to her.

       She looked down at my massive cock and shook her head.

       "No... but I want to," she murmured wrapping her tiny fingers
       around my eager stiffness.

       "Good, honey," I smiled, "Because I'm gonna fuck you right now.
       Lie back and spread your legs again!"

       She did as I told her and I got between her thighs, pointing the
       tip of my prick at her little slit.  The size difference between
       my cockhead and the tiny entrance of her cunt seemed incredible,
       but I was so horny to fuck the gorgeous little kid that it didn't
       bother me one bit that she was only fourteen and never been
       fucked...  if anything it turned me on even more!  I thrust
       forwards and watched as the scarlet head of my prick parted her
       dark, caramel cuntlips.

       Becky moaned a bit and I pushed harder, feeling an incredible
       tightness envelop my cock as it slid slowly into her. She gasped
       for breath as I hunched again breaking her hymen.  It tore easily
       and soon I was balls deep in the tightest, hottest, juiciest cunt
       I had ever fucked. Her big sister was nowhere near as tight!

       Becky's little heels gripped my ass as I began to move inside
       her. We both watched in awe as my prick pulled out, wet and shiny
       with her young juices. Her cuntlips gripped and sucked at my
       shaft like a little mouth, pulling out around it as it left her
       tiny cunt. Then I rammed in again, finding the access much easier
       now that her elastic young cunt-muscles had grown accustomed to
       my huge girth.

       There was a funny expression on her pretty young face, not fear
       or pain, simply wonderment....  wonderment at having a man's cock
       stuffed up her fourteen-year-old cunt for the first time. Sweet
       little Becky wasn't a girl any more... she was a woman.

       "Mmmmmmm, that feels sooooo goooooood!", she moaned, lifting her
       skinny little hips up at me. "Is it all the way in?"

       "Yessss!", I hisssed, resisting the urge to ram my cock deeper
       into her snug little snatch.

       "Good, then fuck me!", Becky pleaded. "Move in me and fuck me!
       Ohh, pleeeeeeease, fuck me like you fuck my sister!

       I had intended to take it easy on her, this being her first time
       and all, but when I heard the little kid begging for it like
       that, I simply snapped. Gripping her by the ass, I lunged forward
       and fucked into her recently-virgin cunt. Not real hard at first,
       just a few smooth, shallow strokes. But when Becky started to
       buck her tiny hips up at me in return, I gave it to her harder,
       fucking her tight, eager little cunt long and hard and deep.

       She couldn't stop moaning obscenities into my ear.  Telling me
       she'd let me do all sorts of dirty things to her if only I
       wouldn't stop fucking her cunt. I had no intention of stopping,
       this was the best fuck of my life! I reamed the little kid out
       for what seemed like ages before she came. All the while my own
       orgasm was rising closer and closer to the brink of no return.
       When I felt her little cunt squeeze and contract around my cock
       in orgasm, it pushed me over the edge too and I came like a fire
       hose... at least that's what it felt like, as my cum filled her
       tiny cunthole and squirted out around the base of my cock,
       coating her cuntlips and crotch with a torrent of white sticky
       sperm.

       We could have done more that first day, but Sarah and her mother
       came home and we had to dress quickly so that by the time they
       entered we were seen to be sitting chatting at the table like
       nothing untoward had happened. Sarah took me to her room and
       locked the door as she always did. She said she was really hot
       for a good suck and lifted her dress to show me the saturated
       silk strip between her gorgeous brown thighs. She pulled the
       crotch of her panties aside and told me to suck her cunt quick.

       I nuzzled my face into her juicy twat and licked her clean,
       making Sarah come a dozen times before she was satisfied. Then
       she took off all her clothes and lay back on the bed, with her
       legs spread wide.

       "Now, fuck me, you bastard!", she growled, "Fuck me like you
       just fucked Becky!"

       "Huh?", I blurted, "How... er.. um... h..how did you know?"

       "I can smell her cunt on you, " replied Sarah with a wry little
       smile, "besides, she and I planned it this way."

       "What...", I was speechless.

       "Shut up and just fuck me, okay", whispered Sarah, "I'm horny as
       a mare on heat."

       I was too stupified to argue, and her cunt looked so inviting.
       Even after fucking Becky my cock was instantly ready for action.
       I fell on top of her and slammed my cock , still wet with her
       sister's slime, into Sarah's waiting cunt.  We fucked for hours,
       each climax fuelling the next until we both passed out in
       exhaustion. Afterwards Sara told me how Becky and her had planned
       the whole thing.  Becky wanted to loose her virginity and I was
       the perfect candidate.  I didn't mind the deception, even though
       I might have had second thoughts if they'd approached me
       beforehand. Sarah knew that as soon as I got a look at her
       sister's tasty little pussy I'd be hooked. She was right.

       After that, I fucked Becky so many times I lost count.  Sarah
       didn't mind, as long as she got to have me suck or fuck her cunt
       whenever she wanted it, and that was most of the time.  We even
       engaged in a threesome a couple of times. Becky found out that
       although she preferred my cock, she didn't mind the taste of her
       sister's pussy either.  It really got me hot watching Becky suck
       Sarah off while I fucked the little fourteen-year-old's cunt from
       behind.

       After I broke her in, Becky couldn't get enough.  She was like a
       randy little nymphomaniac, always hot and wet and willing, and so
       was I.  Strangely, it excited Sarah that she and her sister were
       sharing me, and our lovemaking sessions became hotter and more
       passionate because of it. She'd always start by licking my cock
       to see if I'd fucked Becky, cleaning her sister's sticky remnants
       of my cock before letting me fuck her with it. Then I'd suck her
       drenched pussy dry.

       Sarah told me that David was getting more than a blow job since
       Becky lost her cherry. She even admitted to letting him fuck her
       a couple of times when she was feeling exceptionally horny and I
       couldn't make it over.  The lucky bastard...  living under the
       same roof with two gorgeous pieces of cunt like his sisters...
       getting into their hot little pants whenever he wanted.

       For days I had visions of him sucking Becky's cunt while fucking
       Sarah, or the other way round... I didn't care which!  I finally
       got round to asking Sarah and Becky if they want a four-way with
       David. They both agreed it would be fun, so we arranged it for
       the next time their mother and father were out.

       It was the following Saturday before we got a chance to arrange
       anything.  Sarah's parents had planned a visit her aunt and
       uncle's and would be gone all day. When they'd left, Sarah came
       over to where I was staying and got me. By the time we got back
       to Sarah's house, Becky and David were already at it. She was
       naked and David had her bent over the living-room sofa, her tiny
       brown ass in the air as he fucked her cunt, almost casually.

       His young prick was surprisingly long and thick for a boy of
       fifteen and I could see Sarah's eyes glaze over at the sight of
       its glistening black length sliding in and out of her little
       sister's juicy wet cunthole. Sarah and I quickly got undressed,
       watching the two kids fuck was getting us both hot. I sat on the
       couch beside them and pulled Sarah onto my lap. She spread her
       legs and sat down on my rigid prick, letting the shaft slide
       slowly up inside her, by-now, drooling cunt.

       "Uhhhh, now fuck me!", she moaned.  "Fuck me with that big, fat
       white prick, baby!  Mmmmmmm, fuck me hard!"

       I did, watching her caramel tits bob sexily up and down as I
       rammed her solidly, plowing deeply up into her gooey, black
       cunt.

       Becky's budding little breasts were jiggling right beside my
       face, so I grabbed a mouthful of tit and sucked. She moaned
       loudly as I bit her nipple.

       "Uuuuhhhh, yeah, suck my tits while Davey fucks my cunt!"

       Sarah came quickly, drenching my cock with cum as her cunt
       contracted around my heaving cock. She quivered a bit, letting my
       still-hard cock soak in her flooding juices, then she lifted
       herself off me. The swollen shaft of my prick left her slippery
       cunt with a loud slurping sound. Sarah knelt between my legs and
       took me into her mouth, sucking her cum off the rigid, slimy pole
       with a hunger that amazed me.

       I heard a cry and looked around. Becky was cumming too, and so
       was David, pumping his sister's hot little gash with spurt after
       spurt of creamy incestuous cum.  I watched as David pulled his
       cock out of Becky's hairless cunt. A thin, milky stream of
       cunt-juice and sperm drooled out from between her
       chocolate-colored cuntlips.

       "Come her, baby, and let me suck his cum out of you", I groaned.

       Pulling Becky's ass around to my face, I plunged my tongue into
       her just-fucked cunt and opened my mouth wide, licking and
       sucking her tasty little hole dry. She had another orgasm just as
       I finished, filling her twat with another load of little-girl
       cream for me to lick out.

       Sarah was doing a good job on my cock with her mouth, but I
       wanted more.  I wanted to fuck the hot little fourteen-year-old
       cunt that was squeezing so invitingly on my tongue. Dave had come
       around to Sarah and was squeezing her tits while she sucked my
       cock. The boy ran a hand up under her ass and slid three fingers
       into his big sister's gooey snatch.  Sarah moaned and hunched her
       cunt against his hand, moaning loudly around my cock as Dave
       fucked her with his fingers.

       "I think Dave wants some attention, honey," I said to Sarah,
       gently pulling her sucking mouth from my cock. "Why don't you
       give him a little head."

       Sarah's eyes were glazed with passion as she pushed her little
       brother onto his back and devoured his prick.

       "Mmmmmm, yeah! Suck me off, Sis", he groaned, holding onto her
       frizzy bobbing head.

       I grabbed Becky and lay her out on the couch. I was so hot to
       fuck the horny fourteen-year-old by that stage that I just got
       between her legs and plunged my cock into her little brown
       pussy. She was nice and slippery from the fuck her brother had
       just given her and my prick slid straight in, meeting almost no
       resistance until the head of my cock slammed into the back wall
       of her cunt. Normally, I could never quite get all my cock inside
       her no matter how hard I tried, but this time was different. She
       was really opened up. I rammed her hard and felt my prick impale
       her tight little-girl twat to the balls.

       "Uhhhh, Becky!", I grunted, "Lift your legs and fuck me, back,
       honey!"

       Becky draped her skinny legs over my shoulders and I hunched over
       her, slamming my cock into her tiny cunt with sledge-hammer
       force. She whimpered and moaned with each impact, bucking her
       little hips up off the couch to meet my every thrust. Her breath
       hot and ragged in my ear as she whimpered out her pleasure...

       "Uhhh! Oh,yes! Fuck, meeee! Unnnmmhh! F.. fuck meeee! Ahhhh!
       Ooohh!"

       I was really ramming her now, rattling her young bones with the
       power of my cock-strokes.  Her tight little cunt clasped my cock
       like a vise and I groaned with pleasure and fucked her harder as
       her sharp nails dug deeply into the bunched-up muscles of my
       back.

       On the floor beside us, Sarah had sucked her brother's cock to
       another raging erection, rubbing her cunt into a lather of
       delight as she did so. But soon, the ache in her loins became too
       much to stand so she scrambled up his body and straddled his
       hips.

       "I've got a better place for this bog ol' thing, Dave honey,"
       Sarah purred, positioning her little bother's throbbing erection
       between the juice-filled lips of her pussy. Dave grabbed her
       tight ass and pulled her down on him as Sarah fed his eager young
       cock up into her cunt.  The boy's turgid organ slid into his big
       sister's gaping twat like a hot knife through butter.

       "Uuuuuuhhhhhhh!", groaned Sarah, as the long, hard shaft slid up
       into her sizzling twat. "Brother, that feels good!"

       Dave lifted his hips and began pumping his cock up inside Sarah's
       wonderfully hot pussy.  It was plain to see he loved to fuck his
       beautiful sexy sister, and she loved to fuck him.  They writhed
       in unison, two shiny black bodies locked in a sensual, incestuous
       dance of lust.

       Meanwhile, Becky was just about going crazy beneath me, her
       little body brown squirming and writhing with pleasure as I
       fucked her hard, nailing her horny jerking ass to the couch with
       every stroke. The kid was panting and gasping for air and I knew
       from the look on her face that she was on the verge of one of her
       mind-blowing orgasms. She really came hard, that girl. I've never
       yet fucked a girl that could come so many times in such a short
       space of time, yet make every one sound like a volcano was
       erupting inside her pussy.

       I glanced over at Sarah.  She was bouncing up and down, riding
       David's manly young pole like a horse. She was about to blow as
       well.

       "Fuck him, Sarah!" I urged, knowing how she loved me to talk
       dirty to her while we fucked. "Fuck the cum out of your little
       brother's big, hard prick, you horny fucking slut!"

       Sarah looked over at me, her eyes glazed with lust as she
       watched my hard, glistening cock pound her squealing sister.

       "Yesssssss!  Fuck her too!", she hissed.  "Fuck her horny little
       black ass off with your big white cock! Give it to her, good!
       Make her come all over your prick, baby, and I'll lick it all off
       for you."

       I grinned and began to fuck Becky faster... harder and faster and
       deeper, until finally she shuddered uncontrollably in orgasm. She
       squealed and screamed so loud I had to put my hand over her
       little mouth while I fucked her so that the neighbours wouldn't
       think she was being murdered or something.

       Sarah squealed soon after, although not quite as loud as her
       sister, and collapsed on top of her little brother in a heap.
       Dave was still hunching his cock up into her cunt as it squeezed
       and contracted around him. He hadn't come yet, and neither had I.

       Sarah pulled off her brother's cock and immediately devoured the
       boy's sticky rod with her mouth, deep-throating his rock-hard
       prick to the balls. I pulled out of Becky and offered her my
       slimy pole too, but she was too exhausted from her climax to even
       move, let alone suck cock. Sarah looked up.

       "Mmmm, bring that tasty looking thing over here,", she said with
       a lewd grin. "I'll suck you both off."

       I crawled over to her and lay down beside David, positioning my
       glistening pink cock next to his shiny black one.  Sarah took one
       in each hand, examining them carefully. Mine was bigger I was
       pleased to note, but not by much. David's was a little thicker,
       which made up for the couple of inches or so it lacked in length.
       Sarah took both our pricks and held them together, trying to
       stuff them both into her mouth at the same time, but her mouth
       was too small. She had to resort to jacking on one while she
       sucked the other. It felt good, even the feel of David's hard
       black cock against mine felt strangely exciting.

       Becky sat up and I told her to come sit on my face and I'd suck
       her off. She squatted over my upturned lips and let her
       juice-filled little cunt ooze into my mouth.  I sucked it up
       greedily, then grabbing her by the ass with both hands, I pulled
       her crotch down over my open mouth and gave her sweet little
       fuckhole a deep tongue kiss. Becky's knees crumbled at the
       contact and she sat down heavily almost suffocating me in hot,
       juicy cunt-flesh, but I didn't mind. She squirmed on my face as I
       ate her out, paying particular attention to the pea-sized little
       nub at the top of her hairless young slit.

       Sarah was moaning as she alternated her oral favours between her
       brother and myself. But it was a moan borne more of frustration
       than anything.  She had to use both hands on our pricks leaving
       her insatiably itchy cunt empty.  She couldn't even rub herself
       to relieve the frustration. Suddenly it became too much for her
       and she stood up.

       "Come on let's go fuck on Mom and Dad's bed," she said. "I'm so
       damn horny, I could screw a horse."

       "Hmmmm, interesting thought," I grinned, pulling Becky to her
       feet.

       We all walked into the master bedroom. Sarah's parents had a huge
       waterbed, and I mean HUGE!  It almost filled the room. Sarah lay
       Becky down in the middle of the bed and climbed between her
       sister's open thighs.  Dave and I watched with interest as Sarah
       dove right in and started sucking Becky's well-fucked little
       snatch. Sarah's cute, round butt bobbed ever so inticingly in
       front of us as she lapped the girl-cum from Becky's pink slit.  I
       looked at Dave, indicating his sister's sexily exposed cunt and
       asshole.

       "Which hole would you like, bro?", I smiled. "They're both free
       at the moment."

       Dave grinned back and stuck two fingers into Sarah's drooling
       cunt.

       "A wise choice my boy," I said.  "But that means you're on the
       bottom"

       Dave crawled under his older sister and lined up his cock with
       her cuntslit from below.  I pushed down on ebony ass and watched
       as the kid's throbbing hard-on disappeared into Sarah's distended
       fuck-hole.  They began an up and down, fucking rhythm with made
       it a little difficult to do what I had in mind, but I finally
       inserted my own prick into the hot, clingy depths of Sarah's
       tight asshole and began to move with them. I could feel the hard
       bulge of David's young prick below mine, rubbing deliciously
       against the underside of my cock through the thin membrane
       separating our fucking organs.  Filled to the brim, Sarah was
       fantastically tight, and I knew Dave was feeling the same thing.

       Becky was moaning and thrusting her cunt up at Sarah's munching
       lips, Dave was fucking his sister's cunt like there was no
       tomorrow, and I was pumping her asshole. Becky peaked first,
       screaming at her sister to fuck her cunt deeper with her tongue.
       Soon after, Dave's guttural grunts of ecstasy and Sarah's loud
       moans foretold the explosion of sperm that instantly began
       squirting deep into his sister's twitching twat. Sarah's powerful
       cuntal contractions and David's jerking cock rubbing against mine
       inside his sister's belly, soon had my own orgasm crashing down
       around my ears. We were all so engrossed in climax that failed to
       hear the voices outside, and all four of us were still blissfully
       coming when the door opened and Sarah's parents walked in.

       My eyes were closed, enjoying the blinding raptures of orgasm,
       but when I opened them I got the shock of my life.  Sarah's
       mother was standing at the foot of the bed, naked! I couldn't
       believe it.  Then I saw her husband, he had taken off his clothes
       too and was standing behind his wife fondling her big round tits.
       I gasped and tried to pull away from Sarah, but my cock had
       expanded to such a degree inside her tight anal canal that I
       couldn't pull it out.  Sarah's father laughed.  Shit!  The old
       bugger actually laughed. Here I was with my white honky prick
       stuck ( and I do mean stuck) up his daughter's sweet black ass,
       and her father actually thought it was funny!

       "Don't worry, boy", he said in a deep mellow tone. "Better she
       gets it from a good clean white-boy than some of the dirty
       nigger trash from around here."

       I gaped at him, my mouth open and my knees trembling. My cock
       wilted rapidly from shock and slid out of Sarah's butt.  Dave
       pulled his cock from his sister's cunt and sat up. Sarah was
       still on her hands and knees with her ass towards her parents,
       looking over her shoulder. Her father's eyes were on the twin
       streams of white, gooey spunk that leaked thickly out of her
       asshole and cunt and dribbled onto the bed. Her mother's eyes
       were on my cock!

       Sarah, Becky and David were utterly speechless at being caught in
       the act, so to speak, but when they saw their mother and father
       standing before them in the nude, the shock turned to
       puzzlement. We hurriedly disentangled ourselves and lay back
       staring at their naked parents.  Sarah's father was a big man,
       quite handsome and fit for his forty years, but it was her mother
       that caught my eye.  I hadn't noticed how stunning her figure was
       until now.

       Normally Sarah's mother wore loose fitting tops and dresses
       around the house that successfully concealed her exceptionally
       young looking body. She was a tall statuesque woman with long
       black hair that she usually had tied up in a bun. Now her ebony
       tresses hung down to her waist. She was very slim for a woman of
       thirty-six and pretty. It had always been obvious where Sarah got
       her beauty from. But now, seeing her mother standing before me
       shamelessly stark naked, my prick lost it's earlier cowardice and
       began to flutter to attention again. I gazed at her large brown,
       pink-nippled tits and then let my eyes wander down over her flat,
       firm-looking belly to her dark, furry-lipped cunt.  Licking my
       lips, I looked up in time to see her own gaze drop to my crotch
       and she smiled.

       "Well, what happens now?", I asked stupidly

       "If nobody has any objections,", said Sarah's father with a big
       grin.  "We'd like to join in. You kids look like you're having so
       much fun."

       "You mean you and Mom want to fuck with us?" David asked
       incredulously.  His question was addressed to his father but his
       eyes, like mine, were on the glistening pink slit between his
       mother's dusky, naked thighs.

       "Sure," said Sarah's mother, reaching for my cock. "I think I'll
       just treat myself to some white meat first, then you better be
       ready to fuck momma's cunt good with that big lump of black prick
       you got hanging between your legs, boy!"

       David's grin spoke volumes as his naked mother dropped to her
       knees and enveloped my throbbing prick with her mouth. Sarah was
       still on her hands and knees wiggling her cum-stained ass at her
       father.

       "You gonna put that big thing in my little ol' pussy, Daddy?" she
       asked, staring hopefully at her father's huge black prick.

       "Honey, I'm gonna fuck you ragged," grunted the big man, gripping
       Sarah's slender young hips and thrusting his cock into her gaping
       hole. "Then I'm gonna fuck Becky's tight little cunt till you're
       both too sore to sit!"

       "Ohhhhh, Dadddddy!", squealed Sarah, hunching back on her
       father's deeply impaling prick.

       Sarah's mother was sucking my prick like an out-of-control vacuum
       cleaner.  My knees were trembling as I fell backwards on the bed,
       the gorgeous, naked black woman's mouth never leaving my cock for
       a second.  I grabbed young Becky and pulled her young cunt over
       my mouth, sucking and lapping at her hairless little fuck-hole
       like a dog while her mother sucked the life out of my prick.

       David saw his opportunity and raced around behind his mother's
       upraised ass. With a groan of lust, the boy spread her ass-cheeks
       with both hands and hunched forward, burying his erect penis into
       his mother's gaping black cunt with a single solid stroke.

       And so we fucked all night.  David emptied his load of cum into
       his mother's cunt just as I squirted into her mouth.  Little
       Becky filled my mouth with her juice soon after. Sarah and her
       dad climaxed simultaneously beside us, seconds later. Then the
       orgy really began.

       I fucked Sarah's mom while David sucked his father's cum out of
       Sarah's gooey snatch. After seeing her father fuck her big sister
       so thoroughly, Becky was so anxious for the big man's black
       prick, she almost raped him. It was the most erotic scene in the
       world watching the tiny girl squirm her little cunt up around her
       father's massive ebony fuck-pole. Within seconds, Becky was
       screaming!  But not in pain, the hot, horny little kid was
       squealing in abject pleasure as her father's big, black cock
       fucked into her tiny drooling cunt like a piston.

       Throughout the night, and the next day, I lost track of the
       number of times I fucked or sucked Sarah, Becky and their mom, or
       how may times David and his father fucked them. All I knew was
       that I didn't want it to stop! I wanted to stay with this hot,
       horny black family forever, and by the looks of it... I'd have
       my wish!

                                The End.


--



Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....