(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: DAUGHTRS.TXT
Title: Two Loving Daughters
Author: Eros




                          TWO LOVING DAUGHTERS
                               (by Eros)

    I was single again. After twenty years in what can only be described
 as a disastrous marriage, I had separated from my wife. For the time
 being I was staying with my two daughters who had just rented a big new
 apartment together. An apartment which, luckily for me, just happened to
 have an extra bedroom.

    One night, I was up late with my daughters, just fooling around in the
 living-room, reminiscing. We were sitting on the couch, talking about the
 good old times. I looked at them and felt proud. They had grown up to be
 two beautiful young women. Lynn was nineteen, Jenny a year younger.
 They both worked at a nearby hair salon and had decided to get a place
 together so they could save up some money and maybe put a down payment on
 a house. They said that one day they'd each probably get married, but
 that day was a long way off.

    Until then, they wanted to enjoy their independence. And, although
 they didn't say this to me, I'm sure they wanted to enjoy a range of men
 and have some experience before settling down with one. In my view, that
 was wise. For I knew the pitfalls of settling down with the first girl
 you ever sleep with. In my case it was a mistake a big one. And I didn't
 want my daughters to make the same mistake as I had.

    They were beautiful. Both of them were slim and athletic, like their
 mother. Jenny had long strawberry-blonde hair, while Lynn was darker
 and had recently cut her rich chestnut-colored hair in a cute shag. They
 had always been cute even as children. But now, all grown up, they were
 absolutely stunning! They both had picture-perfect faces and gorgeous
 figures, the sort men go to sleep at night dreaming about, usually with
 their fists wrapped around their cocks.

    Jenny had her arm around my shoulder and Lynn had her hand on my
 knee as I was telling them about my marriage troubles and how their
 mother made it so difficult for me to finally leave her.

    "We love you, Dad," Lynn said. "It's good thing that you and Mom
 split up. You're such a masculine, attractive man and Mom was the
 original ice queen."

    "Yeah, she's always treated you real bad. She never appreciated you,"
 Jenny added looking over at her sister, "like we do, Dad."

    "You and Mom didn't fuck much, did you Dad?" Lynn asked boldly.

    "No. She was beautiful but never very sexual," I said.

    They looked at each other and smiled, acknowledging that they had
 guessed this about their mother all along.

    "And you, Dad." Jenny grinned. "I bet you were always horny."

    I laughed. What Jenny said was absolutely true, but I wondered where
 this conversation was leading.

    "Poor Dad, his big 'ol cock hard all the time and Mom probably always
 kept her legs shut whenever he got close."

    My daughters sure had gotten the tone of my marriage right. Then I
 noticed Jenny and Lynn sharing an odd look and to my utter amazement
 Lynn's hand, which had been resting on my knee, began to slide up my
 leg until it was right over the crotch of my pants! I looked back and
 forth at my daughters, unsure of what was going on or how I should react.
 They were beautiful young temptresses who could easily arouse any man,
 but I was their father!

    "Dad, we want to show you just how much we appreciate you," Lynn
 said. "Jenny and I have been talking and we finally confessed something
 to each other we've known all along."

    "What's that, hon?" I asked nervously.

    "That you really turn us on, Dad," Jenny said. "And that you have for
 a long, long time. To tell you the truth, Dad, we've both had fantasies
 of making love with you."

    "But.. but, isn't that incest?" I asked stupidly.

    "Yeah, Daddy," Lynn said with a devilish little grin. "But you know
 what they say, don't you? Incest is best!"

    Jenny laughed and playfully slapped her sister. I didn't know what to
 say or do, but the way Lynn was massaging my crotch had my cock harder
 than an iron bar. And Lynn could obviously feel that. As forbidden as
 what they were proposing was. I couldn't deny that I now found both my
 daughters immensely arousing. They nuzzled up against me, their sweet
 feminine fragrance making my head spin. Lynn unbuckled my belt and
 slowly pulled down my zipper. Jenny gazed, mesmerized, as her sister
 took off my pants and pulled off my undershorts. My cock sprung up,
 straight, hard and exposed.

    My mind was reeling in a mix of emotions... raw sexual excitement,
 embarrassment at being so exposed before my daughters, guilt at whether I
 should be in this situation at all! But Jenny and Lynn quickly put
 both the embarrassment and guilt to rest as they eagerly grabbed hold of
 my cock and my balls. While Jenny licked my earlobe, Lynn thrust her
 hot tongue in my mouth. I kissed her like no father is supposed to kiss
 his daughter... hot, hard and passionately.

    Jenny was busy unbuttoning my shirt. Once she had it open she pulled
 it off my shoulders and flung it off. Then, nuzzling her mouth against my
 bare flesh, she slid tongue downwards over my chest and stomach until her
 mouth was right over my raging cock. She looked up at me, a look of
 tenderness mixed with raw sexual hunger in her deep blue eyes.

    "Oh, Daddy! I've wanted to do this for so long!', she groaned.

    Jenny engulfed my cock with her mouth and began to suck me. My head
 spun, I almost felt dizzy. My youngest daughter was sucking my cock while
 her gorgeous sister gave me a hot, soul-searching tongue-kiss! I still
 couldn't believe what was happening. If this was a dream, I wished I
 would never wake up!

    Lynn pulled her moist, red lips from mine and joined her sister at
 my crotch. With a sexy grin, Jenny handed my cock over to Lynn who
 began to suck it even more hungrily than her little sister had. I closed
 my eyes and took in the delicious sensations of two sets of lips on my
 cock as my daughters, together, licked every inch of my rock-hard shaft
 and balls. Then, while Lynn took as much of my cock into her pretty
 little mouth as she could manage, Jenny pulled my butt to the edge of
 the couch so she could spread my cheeks and slide her tongue up into my
 crack to lick my asshole.

    "Oh, wow!" Lynn said, pulling her mouth off my cock with a loud
 slurp. "You're rimming Dad's ass! I remember how you said you really
 wanted to do that to him."

    "Want some too, Sis?", Jenny asked, pulling away from my asshole

    "You bet!" Lynn said enthusiastically, digging in for a taste while
 her sister took over the cocksucking chores.

    Suddenly, as if on some prearranged signal, my daughters pulled back
 and stood up. For a moment they stood there looked at me, licking their
 lips, lips which just seconds ago had held my cock between them. Then,
 seductively, they took off their clothes. It was one thing seeing their
 shapely bodies clothed in tight dresses or even bikinis, but it was
 something else to see them completely nude. My cock twitched as I watched
 my two gorgeous young daughters strip off before me. They made a
 production out of it, Jenny pulling off Lynn's tight, white panties
 and then Lynn doing the same for her sister.

    At last they stood before me completely nude. My cock was twitching
 involuntary jerk as I surveyed their firm, young breasts, long creamy
 thighs and the plump, hairless mounds between. Hairless!!??? Shit! I
 looked again. Yep, no doubt about it, both my daughter's cunts were as
 bald as a baby's bottom. Except for the firm, round tits they looked like
 a couple of twelve-year-olds standing there.

    "Jesus!", I said under my breath.

    "Do you like our pussies, Daddy?", Jenny said spreading her legs for
 me. "We keep them shaved because it's so much more fun to eat a nice
 hairless pussy, right Lynn?"

    "Oh, yeah", agreed her sister, running her fingertips sensuously
 through her moist, pink cuntlips.

    Without any hair to conceal the opening, I could see right up into my
 daughter's glistening slit as she spread her cuntlips with her fingers.

    "Oh, God! That's gorgeous, baby!", I moaned, reaching for my throbbing
 prick. It was so hard right now, a cat couldn't scratch it.

    With a giggle they started hugging each other, pressing their naked
 bodies against each other, and kissing. Not sisterly little pecks on the
 lips either, but with mouths open and tongues thrusting. And, from the
 way that they went at each, I knew that this wasn't the first time they'd
 done this sort of thing together either.

    "Y.. you two do it with each other often?" I stammered.

    "Sure, Dad! All the time!" admitted Lynn boldly. "Jenny and I have
 been fooling around with each other for a long time. That's one reason we
 got a place together. And then when we heard you were splitting up with
 Mom and needed a place to stay for awhile, we talked and said you should
 stay here. One thing let to another, and soon we were talking about how
 we were going to seduce you."

    "Well, I guess you succeeded," I said as they laughed sweetly,
 fondling my cock and my balls.

    Then they stood up and led me to the bedroom. I watched their tight
 little bodies jiggle as they walked ahead of me, wondering if I had died
 and gone to heaven.

    I lay down on the bed and watched excitedly as my daughters wrapped
 their arms around each other and kissed passionately. I watched as Lynn
 began fondling Jenny's tits. Jenny reached down between her sister's
 legs and stroked her fingers up through Lynn's hairless slit, bringing
 a low muffled moan from her sister. Then with practiced ease, they
 changed. Jenny squeezing Lynn's pert little tits while Lynn returned
 the favour by rubbing Jenny's bare, juice-filled little pussy. They were
 getting very, very hot and their hairless young cunts were leaking
 visibly by the time they parted. Each girl lifted her glistening fingers
 to her lips and tasted the other, their eyes fixed sensually on each
 other. Then Jenny reached out and offered me a finger she hadn't cleaned
 off yet.

    "Want a taste too, Daddy?" she grinned.

    I leant forward eagerly and sucked her finger into my mouth, savouring
 the delicious, musky flavour of Lynn's aroused cunt on Jenny's sticky
 digits. It was intensely erotic, licking my eldest daughter's cunt-juice
 from her little sister's fingers like that. Then Jenny moved back and
 the two of them stood in front of me, each doing an erotic little dance
 just for me, running their own hands over their tits and pussies, turning
 around and bending over so I could see their puckered pink assholes and
 hairless little clams from behind.

    Finally they flopped down onto the bed next to me. Jenny spread her
 legs as Lynn dived in between them with her head, lapping happily away
 at her sister's open twat. Jenny moaned loudly and clutched the back of
 Lynn's head, wantonly pressing her sister's mouth onto her pussy. I
 watched, stunned. slowly stroking my rock-hard shaft.

    "Uuuuuh, yeahhhh! Show Dad how you eat my pussy, Lynn! Show him!
 Then I'll let him see how I eat you out, Sis!"

    Soon, Jenny was shivering and moaning in orgasm as her sister's
 talented tongue brought her quickly to orgasm. Lynn lay back licking
 her lips and spread her legs for Jenny. Jenny began devouring her
 sister's pussy as Lynn writhed and twisted on the bed thrilled by the
 exquisite pleasure her sister's oral attention was providing. I couldn't
 believe how hot my daughters were. If only my wife had been half as hot,
 I'd probably still be married. Lynn's body throbbed as she convulsed in
 orgasm, and in the afterglow of her pleasure she looked over at me.

    "Did you like watching us, Dad?" she asked.

    "Oh, baby! Did I ever! You two were really a sight to behold!" I said.

    "Look how hard he is, Jenny. Why don't you do the honors and get on
 top of him. You fuck him first, okay?"

    "Not yet, let's suck his cock some more," Jenny said.

    They got on either side of my body, licking me all over, running their
 tongues down over my chest and my stomach until they were again down at
 my cock.

    "Wow, you're so hard! You have a really big prick, Daddy!" Jenny
 said, trying to get her fingers to meet around the thickness of my
 straining cockshaft. Lynn wrapped her slightly bigger hand around it
 too and found that even her fingertips only just touched. Then she
 lowered her face and took the fat cockhead into her mouth. Jenny joined
 her and again they devoured me, one sucking my cocktip while the other
 licked the shaft.

    "Watch this, Daddy," Jenny said, slowly taking my entire shaft, inch
 by inch, down her tight velvet throat.

    "That's Jenny's specialty, deep-throating. I can't do that, I gag."
 Lynn grinned sheepishly. My cock was completely out of sight, all the
 way down my youngest daughter's throat.

    I held her head as she moved it up and down my cock like a pro,
 sucking and licking at just the right moment so that I was soon almost on
 the verge of blowing my load.

    "Ohhhh, baby doll! You better stop now unless you want my cum
 squirting down your gorgeous throat instead of into your hot little
 pussy!", I warned.

    "Come on Jenny, lets fuck Dad now," Lynn said.

    "Okay," Jenny said, coming up for air.

    She climbed on top of me and straddled my hips, positioning her bald
 little pussy directly over my throbbing erection. Lynn reached in
 between out bodies and grasped my cock, directing it at her sister's
 drooling fuckhole. With a lusty, savage grunt, Jenny dropped her hips
 and sank her cunt down effortlessly over the entire length of my cock,
 until I was balls-deep inside her belly. Jesus, she was tight! And hot! I
 hadn't fucked a teenage girl for almost twenty years and now I was
 fucking my own daughter!

    Actually Jenny was fucking me. She was humping her hips as she rode
 my cock, bouncing up and down on it like rodeo cowgirl. My own sexy young
 daughter was fucking me with her cunt... while her sister watched! `Oh,
 yes! There really IS a God!' I thought as I lifted my own hips up to
 thrust my cock deeper into Jenny's tight, bald little cuntslit.

    "Ooooooh, Jenny! That looks so hot, watching Dad's cock going in your
 pussy! I bet he feels good real inside you, huh?" Lynn whispered,
 fingering herself as she gazed at our meshed genitals.

    Even though she had climaxed only minutes ago, Lynn was so turned on
 by watching Jenny fuck me, she obviously needed relief fast. While
 Jenny rode my cock, Lynn leaned over to kiss me on the lips and to
 suck her sister's nipples as her tits bobbed up and down.

    "Uhhhhh! Shit! This is so dirty, Daddy!" Jenny wailed. "Fucking you
 while Lynn sucks on my nipples."

    As excited as I was, after twenty years of fucking my wife I had
 pretty good control. That and the fact that both my daughter's seemed to
 cum at the drop of a hat, meant that I was going to outlast them easily,
 so I knew Jenny could free to ride my cock as long as she wanted.

    Sure enough, after only a couple of minutes of solid fucking, Jenny
 came like a rocket, bouncing and squealing and convulsing like crazy as
 her cunt gripped my prick like a vice. Finally, when she had finished,
 Jenny lifted her leaking pussy off my cock and smiled at her sister.

    "Your turn," she said breathlessly. But before she let her sister
 mount me, Jenny bent down and gave my prick a quick suck, licking her
 own pussy-juices from my quivering shaft.

    I expected Lynn to follow her little sister's lead and straddle my
 hips as well, but she had other ideas.

    "I want you on top and fuck me, Dad," she said with a grin. "I get off
 better with a big fat cock pounding my clit from above."

    Her hairless young pussy was totally exposed to me as Lynn spread
 her legs in wanton invitation. Her slit was saturated.. no doubt from
 watching me fuck Jenny... or was that the other way round? I didn't
 care. All I knew was that my other darling little girl wanted me to fuck
 her hot little twat as well. My cock was still as hard as a rock, and I
 was only too happy to oblige.

    Without the slightest preliminaries, I plunged my cock up my eldest
 daughter's cunt and fucked her hard. She whimpered as my long, fat prick
 plumbed her gooey depths, but that only made me pound into her all the
 harder. While I was fucking Lynn, Jenny came right over and sat on her
 sister's face, feeding Lynn her pussy. Normally, it would take hours
 for my wife to achieve an orgasm, whereas it seemed that my daughters
 were gluttons for one orgasm after another!

    Jenny and I looked into each other faces, eyes blazing with
 incestuous excitement as I slammed my cock up Lynn's cunt and Jenny
 rotated her hips, grinding her pussy over her sister's open mouth.

    "Kiss me, Daddy!" Jenny panted, opening her mouth. I raised my lips
 to hers and we shared a hot, passionate kiss. I reached up to fondle her
 firm, young breasts, pinching her nipples.

    "Ooh, yeahhhh! I love to have my nipples played with, Daddy! Squeeze
 them! Pinch them hard!" Jenny hissed.

    She reached down to feel where my rigid cock was entering her sister's
 liquid cunt, running her fingers around the circumference of my erection
 and then zeroing in on Lynn's clit with a fingertip while I kept
 slamming my shaft into the heavenly hole between my daughter's
 wide-spread legs.

    With my cock fucking her cunt and her sister rubbing her swollen clit
 with a finger, we could soon hear Lynn groaning with pleasure, although
 her groans were muffled by all that soft, wet, hairless pussy-flesh that
 being pushed against her face!

    Soon Lynn's body convulsed as though she were having an epileptic
 fit, or something. Jenny and I smiled at each other, knowing that,
 beneath us, Lynn had just enjoyed one of those unbelievably intense
 orgasms women dream about.

    I kept my cock moving inside her, even after she'd cum, prolonging the
 ecstasy. Once Lynn had finished, cumming, I left my cock inside her and
 watched Jenny as Lynn resumed sucking on her sister's pussy in
 earnest. Soon Jenny was squealing and moaning too, rubbing her ass and
 cunt all over her sister's face, and I knew she had gotten off too.

    Jenny got up and pulled me off of her sister, a devilish little grin
 on her pretty face. Then, heads together, they started whispering to each
 other about something. Finally Jenny spoke.

    "Dad, there's something else we'd really like to do. Something we
 think you're going to like... a lot!" she said. There was that sexy
 little smile again.

    "What?" I asked, wondering what my horny young daughters had cooked up
 for me this time.

    "Oh, you'll find out in a minute. Just sit down and hold on to your
 cock and watch."

    Jenny got out a jar of Vaseline and unscrewed it, and as Lynn
 reached back to hold open her creamy young asscheeks, Jenny slapped a
 big dab of petroleum jelly in her sister's crack, rubbing it around all
 over her cute little asshole.  Jenny turned to me as she smeared the goo
 into her big sister's anus.

    "Lynn and me, we both love to take it up the ass. So that's what we
 want you to do to us now, Daddy. Give it to us back there, okay?" she
 said, really lubing up her sister.

    Then they switched places and Lynn greased up her little sister's
 asshole while Jenny looked back at me, smiling, loving that I was
 staring so intently as her ass was being prepared for my cock. My poor,
 aching prick was so hard I thought it would burst.

    "Put some in deeper, get your fingers inside," Jenny said as I
 watched Lynn stick her finger up her sister's tight, clinging little
 asshole.

    Then they both got on the bed next to each other, on hands and knees,
 reaching back to show off their lubed and ready assholes to their horny
 father. Both girls were smiling at me lewdly, pulling their asscheeks
 wide apart so I could see their tight, pink little assholes winking at me
 like two tiny glistening stars.

    "Me first, Daddy," said Jenny with childlike eagerness. "Lynn was
 the last one to get fucked. I'm next!"

    I got behind Jenny and rubbed my cock-knob against her slippery
 little asshole as Lynn sat back to watch.

    "C'mon, Dad!" Lynn urged breathlessly, rubbing excess vaseline into
 her little bald pussy-slit. "Stick it in her ass. Fuck her up there. Then
 fuck my butt too!"

    I slid my cock carefully into Jenny's tight, puckered little asshole.
 Even with the vaseline she felt TIGHT! I had only screwed my wife anally
 once or twice, and all she could do was to beg me to cum and pull out as
 fast as I could. But Jenny took it nice and easy and soon I was fucking
 her tender young bottom with a solid, steady rhythm, and instead of
 groaning in pain as my wife had usually done, my cute, slender little
 daughter was moaning with delight.

    "Uhhhmmmmmm! Oooohh, Daddy, this is so wonderfully dirty, having your
 cock fucking my rectum," Jenny said, turning back over her shoulder to
 smile at me wantonly.

    I fucked her hot little ass while Lynn reached under to finger her
 sister's pussy. Soon Jenny came yet again, squirming her ass around on
 my cock like crazy. It took all my control not to cum inside her hot,
 buttery young anus. Then it was Lynn's turn.

    Jenny lay beside us rubbing her sticky little slit as Lynn got on
 her hands and knees and wiggled her cute, sexy little behind at me in
 lewd invitation.

    "Fuck my ass, Daddy!" she squealed, "fuck my hot little ass and cum up
 my butt!"

    I knelt behind my willing young daughter, determined to fulfill all
 her anal desires.  My cock was greased from fucking Jenny's well-lubed
 rear-entrance, so I wasted no time at all in burying my rigid prick way
 up my other daughter's tight little asshole. Lynn gasped as I slammed
 into her jerkily for the first time, but as my thrusts became smoother
 and more rhythmical, she began to moan with undisguised pleasure, pushing
 her upraised butt back against my pistoning prick like a bitch in heat. I
 screwed Lynn the same way I had fucked Jenny, pounding away at her
 tight sexy little butt until she too climaxed loudly.

    Jenny crawled over as my cock slipped from her sister's asshole and
 popped the gleaming shaft into her hot little mouth. I was amazed. Here
 was my sweet, sexy little daughter sucking on my cock right after it had
 been up her sister's ass... and her own before that! These two hot, horny
 little sluts were unbelievable!

    I pushed Jenny onto her hands and knees again, this time with her
 head between Lynn's thighs. I was determined to cum this time and I
 wanted to watch my youngest daughter sucking her big sister's cunt while
 I pounded her tight, hairless little pussy into ecstasy and filled her
 fuckhole with sperm.

    Jenny immediately began to suck Lynn's lewdly-offered twat with a
 hunger that excited me immensely. I moved up behind my daughter's
 upraised young backside and slid my cock into her cunt. She moaned into
 her sister's twat, grinding her ass back against me as I gripped her
 slender young hips in both hands and started pumping. At this angle,
 Jenny's little cunt gripped my cock like a vice which was exactly what I
 wanted. My balls were so full, and I desperately needed to cum.

    I fucked Jenny powerfully, with long, deep strokes that repeatedly
 forced her sucking mouth down hard over Lynn's upraised snatch. Lynn
 was whimpering loudly as Jenny ravenously sucked her pussy, driving her
 tongue into her sister's juicy, wet twat with the same ferocity that I
 was using to ram my cock into Jenny's tightly-clasping cuntslit from
 behind.

    It wasn't long before I was cumming like a fountain into Jenny's hot,
 clinging twat, squirting my sperm up into her belly like I used to do to
 her mother. Only this time I was filling my youngest daughter's cunt with
 cum... and by the look of lust in her older sister's face, it wouldn't be
 long before I'd be cumming in Lynn's tight young pussy as well.... God,
 I could really get addicted to this!... I love being divorced already!

                                The End.



Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....