Archive-name: Family/dautmine.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Daughter Mine


- A widower discovers that his daughter is more of a woman than he ever knew.

        My daughter, Karen, was returning home from college for a visit.
Although I lived alone, since my wife's death a few years before, I prepared
a fantastic welcome-home dinner for her.  As she drove up in her little
red Subaru, I set the main course out on the table.
        "Dad!" she exclaimed as I came to the door to greet her, and we
shared a tight hug at the door.
        "Welcome home, Karen," I said.  I was stunned at the way she looked.
Even though she had only been away for a few months, she had changed!  Her
brunette hair, which had cascaded over her shoulders in soft waves, was now
cut much shorter, and nicely styled.  Her glasses were gone, and in their
place were tinted contact lenses that heightened the green of her eyes.  I
had sent a nice looking, but fairly plain girl to school, and a beautiful
woman had returned!
        "You didn't tell me about your hair," I said.
        "Oh, yeah!  You like it?"  She twirled around, and I noticed that
she wasn't wearing a bra under her light sweater.  I was startled to realize
that I was getting an erection, looking at her.
        Trying to mask my uneasiness, I said, "Looks good on you.  Well, come
on in -- I've got dinner ready, and I'm sure that you would like to freshen
up before we eat."  We went inside, and I puttered around the kitchen, trying
to will my erection away.
        During the course of dinner, we chatted about her classes and so
forth, and I was able to keep my hormones under control.  After dinner, we
cleared the table, and I did the dishes while she unpacked.  As I was
finishing up, she came in and announced that she was retiring early, since
she was tired from the long drive.  I said good night to her, and kissed her
on the forehead.
        I went into the living room and sat down to watch the evening news.
As usual, there was nothing encouraging on, but I liked to keep abreast of
events.  A few minutes into the broadcast, I heard Karen calling me.  I got
up and traced her to the guest bathroom.
        She called through the door, "Dad, I forgot to bring a towel in here
with me.  Can you get me one?"  I told her to wait for a second and went to
the linen closet to get one.  When I turned around, she was standing in the
bathroom door, naked and dripping wet.  I stood, rooted to the spot, devouring
her body with my eyes, and blushing furiously.
        She noticed my discomfiture and giggled, "What's the matter?  It's
nothing you haven't seen before," and strode forward to take the towel from my
trembling hands.
        "Yeah," I protested, "but the last time I saw it, it sure didn't look
like THAT!"
        She giggled again, wrapping the towel securely around her, and said,
"No, I suppose not.  Sorry if I embarrased you, Dad," and she stood on tiptoe
and kissed me on the cheek, a mysterious twinkle in her eye.  She turned and
went into her bedroom, and I got a last tantalizig glimpse of her where the
towel came up short.
        I went to bed myself, completely confused by my feelings.  Sure, she
was an astonishingly lovely young woman, but she was also my daughter!  I
ended up masturbating wildly, thinking of her rosy-tipped breasts and
carefully trimmed pubic bush, fantasising about her soft, firm ass.  As I
neared orgasm, the door slowly swung open and I froze.  Karen stood
sillouhetted in the doorway, wearing only a short nightgown.
        The look of shock on her face slowly transformed into a knowing
smile, and it was my turn to wear a shocked expression as she shed the nightie
and approached my bed.  She walked like a lioness stalking her prey, with a
slow, seductive roll to her hips.  Her breasts bounced slightly with each
step, mesmerising me.
        When she reached the bed, she whispered, "It's all right, Dad.  I've
fantasised about this for years."  She slowly slid onto the bed beside me, and
then crushed my lips under hers, her sweet tongue prodding mine into battle.
        I felt her firm breasts pressed against my chest, and my hand glided,
unbidden, down her back, until I was holding her ass cheek with my fingertips.
One of her hands found my cock, hard as a rock, and the other pulled my head
down to her breast.  I pulled her hard, bright red nipple into my mouth and
heard her moan softly.
        As I massaged her nipple with my lips, I rolled my weight on top of
her slowly.  She guided me into her soft, wet folds.  I felt my cock slide
into her tight pussy, and went slowly, savoring each delicious inch.  I
released her breast and returned to her mouth, kissing her deeply, moaning
incomprehensible things into her ears, nibbling on her neck.
        All the while, her hands were roaming over my back, urging me on.  As
I pumped with increasing urgency inside her clutching pussy, I felt her tense
up beneath me.  My own orgasm was imminent, and we both came, shouting and
moaning, at the same time.
        As we relaxed and came back to Earth, she confided to me that although
she had been with a couple of guys at school, she always found herself
imagining that it was me, and it never failed to bring her off.  I didn't
really know what to say.  I was more sated than I had been in years, but I
was still disturbed about having bedded my daughter.
        However, Karen soon laid my fears to rest, as she crawled over me to
devour my now-limp cock.  I looked up to see her beautiful young cunt open
to my face.  She wiggled her ass at me and said something around her
mouthful of cock.  I didn't have to be told twice what she had in mind, and
I dug in.
        Her cunt was sopping wet, and I tasted myself mingled in with her own
strongly feminine juices.  My tongue found her hardening clit, and she began
humping slightly on my face as I licked and teased it.  My nose was buried in
her vagina, and I had to pull out to draw a shuddering breath every so often.
        Meanwhile, her mouth and lips were working their magic on me and I
felt my balls tightening.  She explored my cock with such care that I began
to forget who she was, and concentrated instead on the fact that she was a
beautiful woman, making unbridled, passionate love to me.
        My hands stole over her curved ass, and my fingers came to rest at
her puckered anus.  She pushed towards me, and I gently slid a fingertip into
her ass.  She went wild, humping my face violently and moaning loudly on my
cock.  I pushed it the rest of the way in, and I felt her clitoris tighten up.
        Moments later, she exploded, and I felt her entire pussy convulse over
my face, in perfect time to the contractions of her anus on my finger.  Even
as she began to relax, my own load built and then exploded in her throat.
She continued until I was gasping for her to stop, and then she collapsed on
top of me.  After a little while, she climbed back off of me, and we fell
asleep holding each other protectively in our arms.
        We remained part-time lovers for a few years after that, both of us
anticipating her visits home with great relish.  She got married just after
graduation, and now our father-daughter relationship is more normal.  In
stolen moments alone, though, we still find time to kiss and touch each other,
and we remember the passion we shared that night.

-- 
