From Zeta
           Reproduced from "Wet Set" magazine by kind permission
           of the publishers.
           Wet Set, P O Box 392 Turramurra, NSW 2074, Australia.

Story - Dave & Judy

I awoke this morning quite aroused, thinking about the conversation my
girlfriend and I had while out the night before.

It all started at a party at a friend's house. There were three girls
and two guys, including myself. We've all been close friends since
college. After sitting around the kitchen table drinking beer for a
couple of hours, my girlfriend's friend, Carol, decided to call a friend
of hers to invite her over. She got into an extended conversation with
her on the phone, and after fifteen minutes or so, Carol began fidgeting
around while pushing her hand into her crotch. She didn't realize that I
could see her little dance from where I was sitting in the kitchen. It
became obvious to me that Carol had to go the bathroom pretty bad.
Suddenly, she hung up the phone and ran into the bathroom.

When Carol came out of the bathroom and walked down the hall toward the
kitchen, I could see a small wet spot on her pants just below the
zipper. As she got closer, it was obvious that she had started to wet
her pants before getting to the bathroom.

I turned to my girlfriend, Judy, and whispered to her that it looked
like Carol had wet her pants a little - just to get her reaction. Judy
is a little on the shy side, but after a few drinks she becomes quite a
talker. So, out loud in front of everybody, she says, 'What did you do,
Carol, pee your pants?' Well, that brought out a lot of ribbing from
everyone. Because Carol was wearing a pair of light gray slacks, it was
now much more noticeable in the bright light in the kitchen. Carol tried
to explain that she had to go, but couldn't get off the phone. She then
turned to Judy and said, 'I suppose you've never peed your pants, Judy,'
kind of mockingly. Judy said she hadn't. Carol jumped back with, 'Oh
yeah, what about the time we were riding on my brother's snowmobile?'

'Get out of here, I did not,' Judy said. Right about then, my buddy
Jake's little brother walked in and the conversation abruptly ended.

After a couple more beers, Judy and I headed home. On the way back to
her house, I asked about the snowmobile incident that Carol had
mentioned. She kind of hesitated a second, and then admitted she had wet
her pants, but the only reason Carol knew was because she had told her.

She said you really couldn't tell, because she was wearing a snowmobile
suit and it didn't show. I was trying to hide my excitement, but I think
it showed through, because Judy told me that she could tell from the
look in my eyes that I was enjoying hearing about this. I then admitted
to her that she was right and that I would even buy magazines in hopes
of reading letters or stories about this subject. She admitted finding
all those issues when she was looking through my desk for the
calculator, and even thumbed through of couple of them, but didn't
remember seeing anything about people peeing their pants. I did tell her
that there used to be regularly, but lately there haven't been. She then
told me that she would like to see the ones that had accident letters in
them. At first I couldn't believe what I had just heard, but soon
realized that Judy was turned on by this subject too.

I guess I wanted to be sure about this, so I thought I would rather see
what kind of reaction I could get from her if I related an incident that
happened to me. So I told her about the time a couple of months ago when
I went to a stag party for my cousin. We hit a couple of different bars,
and the last one we were at was about an hour from my house. The last
thing I did before leaving was to take a leak, because I knew it would
be a long ride home. Judy was listening intently as I told her that
about five miles from my house, I had to pee so bad that I was pinching
my cock and moving my legs back and forth, trying to keep from going in
my pants. And at that point I had already leaked enough to form a small
wet spot around the zipper of my jeans.

When I glanced over at her, I saw that sexy glare in her eyes and turned
on expression on her face that I've come to recognize. She then told me
that she knew the feeling well. She then asked me, 'What happened next?'

So I went on to tell her that I turned down an isolated back road that
led to my house so I could pull over and take a leak. But as I hurried
down the road to a spot where I thought I could stop, I glanced in the
rearview mirror and saw a sheriff's car pull out of the side road I just
passed, and it wits coming up right behind i-ne. At this point, I
couldn't just pull

over and piss, so I had to just keep driving along at the speed limit,
which, I might add, was a meager thirty-five miles per hour. A minute or
so later, I lost control and piss started spurting into my pants while I
was straining to hold it.

About then I came up to the road I had to turn onto, and was able to
momentarily stop the spasms, and thought that I might actually make it
for the two minutes or so it was going to take for me to get home. But
as I pushed on the brake pedal to stop, I started to pee again, except
this time there was no stopping it. At first I tried, but by this time
my pants had got so wet already, and the pressure was so intense that I
just relaxed and let nature take its course. When Judy said that she bet
it felt good to just let go, I told her that it felt SO good that I even
enjoyed watching the crotch of my pants glisten as the pee surged
through the material. Although in the back of my mind I was concerned
about peeing on my velour upholstery.

Getting in to my house was a bit of a challenge, because some of my
neighbors were out and I had to wait in my car until the coast was
clear. I asked Judy if she could imagine how embarrassing it would be to
be caught in wet pants in front of people. She then asked me if I would
be embarrassed with wet pants in front of her. I told her that I
probably would. She told me not to, because she would enjoy seeing that.
I then told her that I would have loved being on that snowmobile with
her when she peed in her pants.

We drove into the parking lot of her apartment where I was going to drop
her off because we both had to work early the next day, but I just
couldn't let this conversation go, so I ended up going up to her place
with her. When we got inside, Judy went to the fridge and got two more
beers. I told her that I had to pee, but she said that she wanted me to
wait and hold it. She had to pee, also, but she said she was going to
tell me about her accident she had when she was with Carol on the
snowmobile. We were both pretty turned on, and I knew that before the
night was over, Judy was going to end up peeing in her pants, not to
mention myself as well.

Judy pulled two chairs from the kitchen table so that we were still near
the table, but basically facing each other. She began by telling me that
she and Carol were at Carol's brother's farm and had been drinking wine
coolers before taking the snowmobile out on the trails. Carol was
driving and Judy was riding on the back. They were a little tipsy and
pretty giddy. As they were jumping over the mounds and laughing, Judy
had to pee, and every time they would hit a bump, she would accidentally
pee a little in her pants.

After a while they headed back to the barn with the snowmobile and drove
inside and almost hit the back wall. When they came to a stop, they both
sat there laughing, and that's when Judy finished pissing the bell out
of her pants, as she put it. It was then that she told Carol that she
wet her pants from laughing so hard. When she got off the snowmobile and
turned around, Carol told her that she didn't look wet. She then told
Carol that she didn't go that much, although Judy knew that she had peed
quite a bit. She and Carol had another wine cooler before Judy left.

She told me that on the way home, she had to go again and was tempted to
just go in her pants, but didn't want to pee all over the seat of the
car. She said that because she was wearing a snowmobile suit over her
jeans, it felt like a giant diaper and that made it very easy to just go
ahead and wet it on purpose. But she held back the urge.

When she got home, she was very horny from the warm, wet jeans. She then
went right into the bathroom, took off her boots, and removed the
snowmobile suit to the sight of a very wet pair of pants. She said they
were wet all the way up to the back of the belt loops, and pointed to
more than halfway up the zipper in the front as well as almost to her
knees.

At that point I stopped her and told her that if she kept talking about
her wet pants, I was going to wet mine because I had to go bad. She
said, 'No, wait. I've got to tell you this.' And she proceeded to tell
me that she stepped into the bathtub and turned facing the wall and
looked over her shoulder at her backside in the mirror and relaxed her
bladder and re-wet her pants, this time down her legs, soaking the rest
of her pants and socks as well. When she told me that I just lost
control and purposely peed in my jeans. Judy placed her hand over my
crotch and felt the warm pee soaking into my pants. And with that she
sat back, spread her legs, and thoroughly wet her tight corduroy pants.
She must have peed for two or three minutes straight.

When she stopped, she got off the chair and knelt in the huge puddle on
the floor, unzipped her pants as well as mine, pulled out my cock and
began blowing me while masturbating herself through her wet panties. We
both had intense orgasms within seconds.

After getting out of our wet clothes, we cleaned up and went to bed. The
last thing Judy said to me before we fell asleep was, 'Next time, let's
wear diapers under our pants and go out someplace - it will last longer
and nobody will know what we're doing.'
