****DAVID****          by Rich Jones       Copyright 1987


There is this realy cute boy who lives across the street from me.  His name  is
David.  He is only eighteen years old but he's gorgeous!  Five feet,  eight  
inches tall, light brown hair, bright blue eyes, and the hottest  little body  
I've ever seen.  Since he lives across the street, I see him  alot.  Either I'm
getting home from work in the evening and he's walking  his dog, or he's mowing
his lawn on the weekend.  Once in a while I'll stop  and talk to him just to  
say hello.  He's a little shy but always very  friendly and nice to me.  Since 
he has no brothers or sisters, and me being  only twenty four, he treats me  
like an older brother.

One Saturday afternoon last summer I was washing my car.  I Looked up and  he  
was standing right in front of me.  I was sort of startled.  He was  wearing  
just a pair of O.P. shorts with no shirt or shoes.  His naked  chest was golden
tan from the sun, He asked me if I could help him with his  lawn mower.  He  
said he's been having trouble starting it lately.  I said  sure, and  dropped  
what I was doing and followed him across the street to  his house.  I didn't  
take my eyes off of his cute little ass cheeks the  whole way there. As I tryed
to start the lawn mower he was just sitting  there starring up at me and  
smiling.  Finaly I got it started for him and  he thanked me.  I went back to  
washing my car as he worked on his lawn.   Every once in a while I'd look over 
at him and I'd notice that he was  looking at me also.  I couldn't belive it.  
I wanted him so badly, but I  wasn't sure what he was thinking.  I didn't want 
to jepardize our  friendship by comming on to him.  All I could do was imagine 
how it would be  to have him.

I was done washing my car and went inside to take a shower.  I was so horny   
that I jerked off in the shower just thinking about him.  When I was done   
showering I thought about going out that night, but I was tired and  desided to
stay home and watch television.  I was getting sleepy and went  to bed early.  

I must have been sleeping for no more than a hour when the phone rang.  I   
picked it up and it was David from across the street. This really supprised  me
because he never called me at home before.   He asked me what I was  doing.  It
being only eleven P.M., I told him I was just watching T.V.  He  said that his 
parents were gone for the weekend and wanted to know if I'd  come over to keep 
him company.  Then he hesitated a bit and said in a shy  little voice,  "I've  
noticed you looking at me today.  I know that you want  to have sex with me and
it's ok.  I want you too".  I couldn't belive my  ears.  this boy was actually 
inviting me to his house to have sex.  Without  a second thought I said yes and
told him I'd be over in a second.  He said  that he'd leave the front door  
unlocked, and told me to come up to his  room.

I jumped up, threw on some clothes and ran out the door.  When I got to his   
house I went inside and up to his room.

David was lying on his bed with nothing on but a pair of tight fruit of the   
looms.  His six inch dick was hard.  I quickly took off all of my clothes  and 
rubbed my cock all over his hard nipples.  He was so excited that be  begged me
to stick my eight inch dick in his hot wet mouth!  I crammed it  in and he  
sucked away.  I was in heaven.  It was all happening so fast.  I  couldn't hold
back any longer and shot a load of sweet cum onto his tounge.   He swallowed  
all of it.   Then I pulled down his white cotton briefs and  his little boy  
dick sprung into action.  I went down on him in a second.   He screamed in  
pleasure and then begged to be fucked.  I lifted his legs up  and started  
licking his smooth baby buns.  My tonge worked it's way down  his crack and  
found his tight virgin hole.  I fucked his hole with my  tongue.  He was  
moaning with pleasure every time my tongue darted in and  out.  Finally I new  
he was ready to take the real thing.  I put the head of  my dick up to the  
opening of his hole and rubbed it around a little then I   pushed in slowly.  
He was panting like an animal.  I had at least half of  it in and it wasn't  
enough for him.  He quickly pushed his little body  forward to engulf the rest 
of my dick.  This kid was too much!  He kept  yelling "Fuck me, Fuck me  
harder"!  I just kept at it.  Pumping and  thrusting his young boy asshole.  He
reached his hands up and grabbed hold  of my ass cheeks.  I continued to fuck  
that virgin hole.  I new he couldn't  take much more, and god knows I couldn't!
He yelled out "Cum on me.  Cum  all over me"!  With that, I pulled out and came
all over his stomach,  chest, and face.  He also shot a big load of cum that  
hit me in the face.   I licked it off my lips.  I swear, it tasted like just  
like melted butter.   I layed on top of him and we embraced.  He stuck his  
tongue in my mouth  tasting his own sweet cum.  We then fell asleep in each  
others arms.  When  I woke up, I was in my own bed hugging my pillow.  Damn!,  
it was only a  dream.  Just then the phone rang.  Maby it was David calling for
real.........       
