Archive-name: Affairs/daybeach.txt
Archive-author: Pat L. Durante
Archive-title: A Day at the Beach


     It was a beautiful sunny day in Gloryville.  I remember the hot
summer sun shining on the vast ocean which lay before me.  I remember
thinking that nothing could be more beautiful than the Gloryville town
beach that day, but I was wrong.

     About midday, I saw her.  I saw her walking along the beach with
a light summer shawl around her waist.  She was far away, but I could
see the sun shining on her golden blonde hair as if she had a halo.
As she walked down the beach towards me, she stopped for a moment to
talk briefly with each person she passed.  After what seemed like an
eternity she reached the spot where I was tanning.  I tried to pretend
not to notice her arrival, but it didn't work.

     "Beautiful day," she said.  "I sometimes wish every day was like
this."

     The sound of her voice reminded me of a small bird I heard
singing earlier in the day.  The sun was still shining brilliantly
behind her.  I could barely make out her face through the glare.

     "Well, man does not live on bread alone," I said foolishly.

     Suddenly, she seemed very interested in what I had to say.  I
propped myself up onto my elbow and for the first time I saw her face.
She was strikingly beautiful.  She was the kind of girl that you had
to look at twice to make sure you weren't seeing things.  When she
turned away for a moment, I pinched myself to make sure I wasn't
dreaming.  My eyes wondered down from her face to her small, but
perfect breasts.  It was as if they were speaking to me.  "Hello.  We
are her breasts."  I thought.  Before I could finish my lustful gaze
of her assets, she spoke to me again.

      "I've run out of lotion Do you have any that I could borrow?"
She asked politely.

      I fumbled though my things and came up with a half used bottle
of sunblock.  I held it out to her, but she simply turned around.

      "Would you mind rubbing some on my back?  I feel a burn coming
on," she said calmly.

      Actually, I did mind.  I was suddenly very defensive.  I was
hoping to spend a nice quiet day alone.  I said nothing.  I began to
massage the sunblock on her smooth white back.  The smell of the sand
and the surf had combined with her perfume and her hairspray.  I was
becoming more and more aroused by her.

      I began to think about the argument I had with my wife hours
before.  I just needed to get out of the house for a while.  I came to
the beach hoping to straighten things out in my head.  I wasn't really
sure what I felt about her.  I began to wonder whether or not I had
ever loved my wife.  She changed somehow after our marriage, but I
couldn't put my finger on what it was that was different.  All I knew
was that I had to get away for a while.

      I gently rubbed the sunblock on her side.  As my hand rose up
and down, I brushed against the side of her breasts.  She shivered
ever so slightly as I rubbed the cold sunblock on her bare skin.  For
a long time, we both laid in the blistering sun.  Finally, she got up
and said, "lets go swimming!"

      I looked at her lustfully and said, "no, I'd rather stay here."

      She mistook my lustful gaze as sadness and wrapped her arm
around me.  "Do you want to talk about it?"  she asked
compassionately.

      "No!"  I screamed.  "Lets go swimming."

      We spent the next few minutes in the cold shallow water of the
ocean.  We had a fantastic time together.  We splashed, laughed, and
playfully teased each other.  After we had worn each other out, we
headed for the sand.  As we walked back to our spot, I noticed her
beautiful limbs.  She had quite long legs.  They were muscular, but
just enough to make them firm and sexy.  She was absolutely wonderful.
A work of art.

      Suddenly, the weather began to change.  The sun hid its face
behind a cloud that resembled a python.  I began to think about my
wife again.  We had some really good times together.  As the sun
lowered itself behind the water it began to get a bit cold.

      "Do you like to dance?"  she asked excitedly.

      I hadn't danced a step in fifteen years.  "Love it," I said.

      "Great.  I know this excellent little club in town.  Would you
like to go?" She asked.  She waited for a response, but it seemed she
already knew my answer.

      I met her at the entrance to the club.  She had changed into a
sexy red dress.  It flattered her petite figure.  Tight around the
waist, and stretched to accentuate her chest.  I was really feeling
guilty.  I had hoped she hadn't seen me so I could just leave and
forget about the whole day.

      "John! John!" She shouted.  She saw me.

      The club was very extravagant.  Drinks were $7.00 a whack!  She
insisted that she pay for everything.  We danced to every song.  She
was tireless.  Every once in a while I began to enjoy myself in spite
of my guilt.  The last song was for couples only.  She pulled me to
the middle of the dance floor and we danced cheek to cheek as though
we were lovers.  I think she wanted me to kiss her, but she could wait
for me no longer.  She kissed me passionately on the lips as though we
were the only two people in the room.  It was a long slow sensuous
kiss.  The kind of kiss that I had only dreamed about in the past.  My
thoughts turned to my wife once again.  What would she think of me if
she had ever known about this?  How could I face her in the morning?
We kissed again and again until the very last note of the song echoed
into the darkness.

      "Let's go to my place," she whispered.

      I opened my mouth, but nothing came out.  I followed her to the
parking lot where a limousine awaited us.  We got into the limo and
the driver peeled away from the club into the darkness of the night.
Her hands were all over me as we kissed passionately time and time
again.  It was so wonderful.  She placed my hand on her right breast
and as if instinctually I began to caress it gently.  I thought of the
first time I kissed my wife.  She was so young and we were so
innocent.

      The long black limousine pulled up to a large mansion.  The
place was dark save a small light above the main entrance.  As she
walked in front of the house and into the dim light, she looked very
plain, her hair was no longer shining.  Her dress was so tight that
she had trouble just walking to the door.

      "Well.  Are you coming?" She demanded.

      By now I was completely overtaken by my guilt.  I felt a sharp
pain arise in my gut.  I could not think straight.  All I knew was
that I wanted her.  I followed her into the house where she
disappeared into the maze of rooms.

      "Would you like a drink?"  She called.

      "No.  Listen I'd better go.  I don't feel right about this," I
shouted after her.

      She returned to my view wearing a skimpy black lace teddy
inlayed with dragon patterns which barely covered her privates.
"Dragons!"  I thought.  The ache in my gut grew stronger.  I had to
stop this madness at once.

      "No.  No.  I can't.  I'm... I'm...married!!!!"  I screamed
hopelessly.

      "Married!"  She laughed.  "Come on now do I look that naive?"

      We walked hand in hand to the bedroom.  Along the way I noticed
old weapons hanging at various locations along the long candlelit
hallway.  Frightening thoughts of torture came to mind.  I was afraid.
My life would never be right again after this day.

      We laid on the bed and kissed each other passionately once
again.  This time our tongues lashed out at each other like wild
animals just let out of their cage.  My mouth found it's way down to
her small breasts, I heard her sigh with pleasure as my teeth tugged
at her nipples.  A moment before our two bodies became one, I let out
a scream at the top of my lungs "MARIE!!!!"  That is my wife's name.

      I opened my eyes and the bright red sun blinded me.  It took a
few moments before I could see again.  Eventually, I realized that I
was still on the beach.  I had fallen asleep on the beach!  It was all
just a dream.  I felt the guilt in my gut once more.  I felt I should
be punished in some way for even having such thoughts.

      Before I could catch my breath again, I saw the most beautiful
blonde coming in my direction.

     "Beautiful day," she said.  "I sometimes wish everyday was like
this."

--
