Daydream
by deirdre

I admit it.  I stared out the front window.  Our neighbors next door 
were having their house painted, and I was watching the kid who was 
doing it!  He must have been a college kid, earning money in his spare 
time.  It was hot and he was wearing nothing but cutoffs.  I stared at 
the tanned form of his back.  I wondered if he was on some sports 
team--he had the right build, but I guess then he wouldn't be doing 
odd jobs.  I wondered if he had some little college girlfriend.

I had some work to do on the front yard.  It was awfully hot, really 
too hot to work.  The boy must really need the money.  I slipped on a 
bikini and then pulled some cutoffs over the bottom.  I went out 
front, ready to pull some weeds.  I couldn't watch him while I 
worked without being really obvious and wondered if I should have 
stayed inside so I could see him better.  I wondered if he had noticed 
me or if he were watching me.  I may have 15 years on him, but I'm 
not bad in a bikini.

I looked back at him.  He wasn't on the ladder, but was stirring some 
paint, and looking in my direction!  I quickly looked away.  He *was* 
watching me.  I worked, nervously.

"Hi!"  I almost jumped out of my skin--he had walked up behind me.

"Oh, hello," I returned, standing up and turning to him.  I brushed the 
dirt and weeds from my cutoffs.  Then I felt like I should have 
stayed kneeling and should have looked up at him in a confident way.  
I just didn't have it in me to remain cool and collected.

"It's really too hot to be working," he added.  I knew that.  I wondered 
what he thought of me.  Of my body.  The older woman.  Did he even 
think of me in that way?  Or was he just interested in those *little 
girls*?  *His own age* I mentally added, berating myself.  What 
would it be like to be his little college girlfriend?

"I just can't stand to see this garden needing weeding like this," I 
improvised.  "Do you do gardening too?"  I asked.

"Oh no," he said, laughing.  "You're on your own!"

"Well, I don't need any painting done," I said.  Not too bright, but I 
was getting jittery.  Did he know what he was doing to me?

"Don't work *too* long!" he added with a laugh and then he turned and 
went back.  I stood there like an idiot, watching his back.  It was too 
hot to work.  I wondered what my hair looked like.  I gathered my 
things and put them away in the garage and went back inside.  I went 
to get some iced tea.  But I got a wine cooler instead.

I sat in the kitchen, drinking my wine cooler.  I don't usually do 
that... I *never* do that during the day--it must have been I was still 
agitated from meeting that boy.  I wondered again what it would be 
like to be his little college girlfriend.  He'd lead me to his dorm room 
which would be messy, with posters of girls and rock bands.  He'd 
turn around and kiss me.  With such a careless motion, he'd turn and 
capture my head.  Our tongues would be gently meeting.  He'd slip his 
lips away from mine and whisper in my ear "I *want* you!".

I awoke from my revere and again wondered at myself, sitting in the 
kitchen, daydreaming like that.  I took my cooler into the living room 
and sat looking out the window.  He was still there, painting.  His 
back still bare.  I thought of him in the dorm room, taking his shirt 
off, then slowly undressing me.  I had my cutoffs unzipped and my 
fingers were in the front of my bikini bottoms.  He would have me 
nude, and pick me up as if I weighed nothing, and gently lay me on 
the bed.  Laying on my back, I'd put a hand on his chest as he sat next 
to me and I'd caress it.  He'd run his hands up and down my body, then 
caress my breasts, then finger me between my legs.  His eyes would 
be locked on mine.  My fingers would go to the waste of his shorts 
and slip into the waste band.  He'd smile, remove my hand, lean down 
to give me a little kiss, and then stand and take off his shorts and 
briefs.  I'd know he had them off even though I couldn't take my eyes 
from his.  He'd get on the bed and straddle me, looking down at me.  
Finally I'd glance down and see his cock, hard as a rock.  He'd take my 
hand and put it on his cock and I'd encircle it in my grip and squeeze 
it gently, over and over, rhythmically.  I'd watch his face as his 
mouth opened and his eyes glazed over.  I'd smile.  Then I'd slow my 
rhythm and start caressing his cock, lightly, along the lower edge.  
He'd come to himself and look at me again and take my hand away.  
Then he'd kiss it and then lean down and whisper in my ear "I *want* 
you... *now*!"  He'd start shifting positions and I'd know I could never 
stop him.  I'd see his mouth flit between a smile of pleasure and 
another look...of pure need.

He was stirring the paint again, just like before when he was 
watching me.  I came and came.
