Archive-name: Bestial/dayhorse.txt
Archive-author: Hawse
Archive-title: Day With My Horse, A


Yeah.... Work  really sucks... But time with muh horse is, as usual,
pretty special.  It was rainy today, a constant drizzle that alternated
between anoying and irritating.  I went to fetch my horse with a
brush in one hand and a curry in the other. Of course, he didn't want to
be "fetched" and instead made a bee-line to our trysting spot.

Sigh.. I love that horse... The next 2 hours I spent scraping mud
and shedding fur off of my horse and trying to get his body nice
and shiny and clean.  It worked, for the most part. I kept catching a
glimpse of his prepuce as he started to get errect, but then he'd
suck it right back up. THis went on for a while. SO I finally decided
to just stop trying.  I finished brushing him and picking the shit
outt of his feet and he walked out of the shed.  I left as well and
put my tools away.  I then spent some time talking to my freinds there
and watching Muh Horse. Eventually he went back to his shed.

I decided to join him and to see what was up. :) Nothing, but he had his ass
parked right in front of my face.  Sooooo I reached my arm in between his
legs and dragged my nails over his balls. He shifted his weight and backed
up all the way against the rail that I was resting my elbow on. I turn my
palm up and cupped his enormous testicles in the palm of my hand. It
was more like trying to hold onto something that is really too large to
fit into one hand. Of course I love it. :) And apparently so did he, he
very soon had let his entire length drop out of his sheath and his
prepuce snapped back to expose his beautiful penis. It NEVER ceases to
inspire me with a certain sense of awe and admiration. Not just because
of its size, but because of its beauty. It's got these massive veins and
arteries running all through it just below the surface of the skin. And
when he starts to get hard, they bulge  up to the surface... MMMMmmmmmm
he gets me going. 8) ANd of course, I just love an animal that has a
penis large enough to hug.


I idly wrapped my hand around the base of his shaft as much as I could and
began to stroke his penis by moving the skin of his penis back and forth.
On the up stroke I'd bring my forearm to rest agaist his balls, pausing
to feel their weight and texture against my arm.... He still has his
"winter hairs" on his balls... makes em just a wee bit coarse... but still
delightfull to the touch.  I decided that I wanted to taste his flesh and
so I clambered into his walk in shed. He didn't even flinch. SOmetimes
he gets frightened by the sudden activity when I do this. I knelt facing his
hidquarters just in front of his  crotch. Still in a state of excitment,
I reached over and diverted his  penis to my mouth.  His dick is really really
large, I mean... I can just BARELY stuff his head into my mouth without
dragging my teeth over his flash, once it's in I enjoy turning my head to the
side so that I can get to the top of his glans and massage it with my teeth.
(He LIKES that feeling!) It almost allways gets him to swell right up.

Today was no exception, his glans started to get big to the point of making
it impossible for me to get my mouth off of his head without hurting him.
I always like it when that happens, I can take my time and work my tongue
over his head while running my hands over his shaft and massaging his balls.
(That's a two handded job all by itself... Sure could use some help there:)

Then I heard a car pulling up the drive to the neighbors house... sigh..
those fucking two legged peices of shit, they allways do that... pull
up at the wrong damn time... with regret I waited until I could free my
mouth from my stud and let his head free from my attentions. The car
idled past within 50 feet and in view. no problem. They were driving away
from the shed and could not have seen me.... Grrrrrr.... I watched help-
lessly as my stallion penis began to loose its bob and bounce and slowly
withdrew into the cavernous warmth of his sheath... But hey, no reason
I can't have fun! SO I proceeded to instigate a game of "Bite off my owners
figners."

It's an interesting game. The objective, for my horse (From what I can
tell) is to try and bite off my fingers. THis involves the use of his
tongue lips and nose to try and get my hand in such a position where it
is between his teeth, at which point he *CHOMPS* his mouth shut. Certainly
not a game for the faint hearted. The objective for me, obviously, is
to retain my ability to count to ten without the aid of a calculator.
(In all fairness, he doesn't bite hard, just hard enough to make it hurt:)
We did this for a while, with me  putting my fingers between his cheeks
and gums and across his teeth. It keeps him interested and it  keeps me
entertained.  What happened next though... RARE feelings here man..
very rare... I finally just grabbed both sides of his head and put mouth
against the corner of his mouth and grabbed a mouthfull of flesh between
my teeth. It didn't bother him, but he was suddenly quite still. An ear
forward and one ear back.... I moved my mouth to the top of his nose,
a few inches below his forehead. I scratched his nose with my teeth by
opening and closing my mouth and alternated this with licking his
nose. I worked my way down and both of his ears were now forward. I got
to his soft muzzle and continued to chew and lick, he raised his head
a little to make access for me a bit easier. Finally, I stopped and placed
my lips against his... to my utter delight, he opened his mouth and stuffed
his tongue into my mouth! I sucked on his tongue for a while while he
began moving his upper lip against my forehead.... yeah man... the
only french kissing horse in america. (Of course, I aint so  stupid as to
try and put my tongue in HIS mouth. I *LIKE* my tongue... it's my
buddy and I wanna keep it. :)  When we parted  lips, he moved forward a bit
and began rubbing his eyes agaisnt my shirt. A motion that knocks me over if
he catches me by surprise or off balance.

And so it went, our game and our love for a few more hours as the evning wore
on.  Wish I could spend more time with him... I guess that's how I know I
love him.

Me-accept no  substitutes.
--
