				A DAY IN JULY

			       by Paul and Don


	It was a Saturday day in July; the forecast was for sunshine and 
temperatures in the upper 80s.  We had decided to go to the mall that 
day to do some shopping.  You showed up at my place at around 10am by 
bicycle.  You had on a loose-fitting tank-top, cute, baggy, striped, 
denim shorts that came down just a couple of inches above your knees, 
and were barefooted.  The temperature was already around 80 and it was 
much to warm to wear anything on your feet.  "God, it's hot out there," 
you said.
	"I can tell."  Although you had showered, you had already worked 
up a nice sweat riding over.  Neither of us were the deodorant type--too 
artificial.  Your pit hair was sopping wet and sweat had dripped down 
wetting your shirt.  There was virtually no wind at all that day; even 
from a few feet away, I could smell your natural, manly aroma.  The 
veins on your body, especially your legs and feet, were prominent, 
pumping blood to your leg muscles plus bringing your blood close to the 
surface of your skin to cool.  It made you look really sexy, really 
masculine.  "You look cute today and you already smell good."  You 
smiled at me.  I wore a regular T-shirt and shorts similar to yours; I 
also neglected to put on shoes, of course in the summer I never wore 
them anyway.  I got my bicycle and we headed to the mall.

	It was a hot ride over; by the time we got there, we were both 
very sweaty.  We locked up our bicycles, and went in.  The air-
conditioning felt great as did the cool, smooth floor tile on our bare 
feet.  We were both thirsty, so we got some soft-drinks from one of 
those food-vendor booths.  We then just started to leisurely stroll 
around and window-shop.  I did actually go there to get some bedding: 
sheets and also plastic undersheets.  You knew what those were for; 
indeed, we had lots of fun previously with them.  It was getting near 
lunch time and we were both hungry.  We stopped at a pizza and pasta 
joint in the mall and chowed down on big plates of baked mostacholi and 
had another big drink each.  While we were eating, I moved my bare foot 
onto yours under the table, caressing you.  You looked up and gave me a 
big smile.  I love your warm smile--it makes me turn to Silly-Putty.  
You took your other foot and did the same to me.  Your callused sole 
felt nice stroking the top of my foot as did your gentle toes.  We has 
finished eating quickly before either of us got too worked up and went 
back out into the mall.  We went to the bedding store; I went in and you 
waited outside.  When I came back out with the package, you had seated 
yourself on a bench.  Your legs were outstretched and your feet were 
crossed at the ankle and such that I could see your soles.  They had 
gotten completely black with dirt from both outside and in the mall.  
You knew I found dirty feet a turn-on from the "care-free, don't give a 
shit that feet are getting dirty so long as they're free from hot, 
uncomfortable shoes" attitude.  I walked over to you.  "I know you're 
sitting like that on purpose."
	"I know you know."  You gave me a devious, grin.
	I could tell you were horny and so was I.  "Ready to go?" I 
asked suggestively.
	"Where to?"
	"You know where...back to my place."
	"I've got to take a leak."  You teased me like that implying you 
wanted to go to the men's room.
	"Nope," I interrupted.  "You're gonna need to hold it."
	"Then let's go before I burst."  You got up and started to walk.  
I followed.  We walked through the mall doors and the hot air hit us 
like a wall.  The temperature had risen to the upper 80s as forecast.  
We unlocked our bicycles and rode back.

	We got back to my place, set our bicycles aside, and went to my 
apartment door.  We were both sopping wet.  Our shirts had huge sweat 
stains on them and out hair was matted and damp.  As I put the key into 
my lock, you leaned on my shoulders, bent down a bit placing your nose 
under my right armpit and inhaled deeply.  I stopped moving to let you 
enjoy it.  You exhaled and inhaled deeply again.  "God, you really smell 
good...so good," you told me.
	"I know!" I boasted confidently.  I turned the doorknob, turned 
around, and led you inside my the hand.  After I closed the door, I 
leaned back against it, shutting it, then just raised by arms over my 
head and closed my eyes.  I didn't have to tell you what do.  You came 
forward and put your face right into my right, stained armpit.  You took 
the shirt material into you mouth and sucked on it, sucking out my 
sweat.  I moaned with erotic pleasure.  Having you there sucking my 
sweat with your face buried in my raunchy pit was a huge turn-on.  My 
cock was already stiff, straining against my shorts, and oozing precum.  
I couldn't stand it any more--I pulled off your shirt, then you pulled 
off mine.  I bent down and licked your nipples and chest.  They were 
deliciously sweaty and salty.  You stopped me.
cock was already stiff, straining against my shorts, and oozing precum.  
I couldn't stand it any more--I pulled off your shirt, then you pulled 
off mine.  I bent down and licked your nipples and chest.  They were 
deliciously sweaty and salty.  You stopped me.
	"Let's get the bed ready.  Remember, I've still gotta 
pee...really bad now."  We took the plastic sheets to the bedroom, 
pulled off the covers and sheets, and put on the plastic ones quickly.
	"You know, I've got to relieve myself soon too."  You came over 
to me, planted your lips on mine, shoving your hot tongue into my mouth.  
We started undoing our shorts.  They dropped to the floor; neither of us 
was wearing underwear.  Our cocks popped out, straight and stiff.  We 
played with each other, stroking each other.  More precum came from my 
piss-slit and it made a good lube.  I motioned you to lay on the bed.  
There you were: a beautiful male specimen, all hot, sweaty and smelly.  
Precum was oozing from your dick too and has leaked down to your thigh 
forming an unbroken string.  I dove into your hairy armpits.  You were 
really wet there and the odor was strong and raunchy--I loved it.
	"Yeah...lick those pits out, you fuckin' piece of scum," you 
told me.  I love it when you verbally abuse me like that.  "You sick 
fuck...look at you, you like my hot man-stench, don't you?"  You words 
were making me so hot.  We were belly-to-belly, humping each other, 
cock-to-cock, sliding around in the puddle of precum that has been 
oozing constantly from both of us.  "Yeah...lick me clean, lick every 
fuckin' hair clean...god-damned scum lover."  I recognized my bodies 
signs; I was close to cuming.  Your right pit was now soaked with my 
spit, I switched over to your left.  "You just can't get enough, can 
you?  You'd better clean that one just as good as you cleaned the other 
one.  Man...than feels so fuckin' good."  The fresh, strong odor of your 
other pit energized me; it pushed me over the edge.  I removed my face 
from your pit to look you straight on.
	"Ugh...ugh," and with one final thrust, "UuuuGHHH!!" I screamed 
as I lifted myself slightly off of you.  My cum shot out between us, 
hitting your face, spurt after spurt of glorious, hot cum.  By this 
time, you had gotten so worked up that my cuming was almost enough to 
put you over the edge.
	"KEEP IT GOING!" you commanded me.  With my dick still 
outputting cum in aftershocks, I slopped my hand into it and grabbed 
your cock.  I gave you slow, steady strokes.  The look on your cum-
covered face told me you were very close to ejaculating.  It only took a 
few strokes.  "UugHHH!!" you screamed as the first spurt of your hot cum 
shot out of your dick, hitting me in the chest; the second and third 
spurts coated my belly, the remainder fell back landing on your already 
cum-covered chest.  Your cum was dripping off me back onto you; you had 
cum buckets.  I collapsed onto you, our cum mixing together between us, 
slippery and warm.  We were sweatier now than when we had started.
	"Fuckin' A, man."  I giggled uncontrollably.  I always got the 
giggles after ejaculating from a hot scene because it felt _so_ damned 
good, such a release.  I playfully smeared my cum on your face around, 
around your lips.  You sucked it off my fingers.

	After a few minutes, I slid off you and down...down to your hot, 
filthy feet.  I gazed upon your large, masculine feet.  "Man, your feet 
look beautiful: nice and black with dirt, filth, and grime...they look 
so natural that way...they look so hot."  Each toe had its own blackness 
on the bottom.  "Your toes are so large and beautiful, so succulent-
looking."  I began to caress them, feeling their wonderful, sculpted, 
manly form.
	"Go ahead," you started, "I know you want them.  You want to 
lick my feet clean, don't you?"
	"Oh, yeah...very badly," I answered, my eyes closing, 
envisioning myself licking them in my mind's eye.  My cock was getting 
hard again.
	"Well then, do it!  What are you waiting for?  A fuckin' 
invitation?"  That was all I need to hear.  I thrust my face against 
both your dirty soles and inhaled deeply.  Of course, from being bare 
all day, they didn't stink at all, but it was as if I had put my nose to 
the ground and smelled the gutters of the streets, the wonderful, 
different mix of smells of dirt, grime, spit, garbage, and other wastes.  
I started slowly by just kissing your soles all over and your toes, 
wanting to make this foot-sex scene last as long as possible.  Finally, 
I outstretched an eager tongue and plastered it against the ball of your 
left foot, pulling up slowly.  Your skin was callused and very tough as 
the soles of a man's feet should be.  "Ohhh...yeah, man," you moaned out 
as waves of sheer pleasure traveled up your body from your feet.  "That 
feels so fuckin' nice.  Lick my feet, you hot foot slave."  I licked at 
your foot again and my spit had moistened up some of the dirt.  My spit 
was becoming dark as was my tongue.  It felt a bit gritty in my mouth, 
but it was wonderful.  I began stroking my cock.  "You like that too, 
don't you?  Look at yourself...what an utter low-life.  You're down at 
my dirty feet licking them clean."  I loved the subservient nature of 
this act...the thought made me so hot.  By now I had made a clean spot 
on the ball of your foot, so I moved my way down toward your heel.  The 
dirty spit was running down your foot and it was all over my face.  Your 
heel was very hard and incredibly encrusted with dirt.  I was working 
very hard with my tongue to clean it for you, my lover.  I not only was 
licking your foot, but I was sucking the skin.  I also licked your 
ankle.  God!  I loved a man's ankles...so damn sexy...just made for a 
tongue to glide over.  I worked my way back up your foot and had done a 
good job of getting much of the dirt off.  I saved your filthy toes for 
last.  I took each one into my mouth in turn staring with your small 
toe.  I sloshed my tongue all over it and sucked it for all I was worth.  
I loved the wisps of hair on your manly toe-knuckles; it reminded me 
that I was sucking a _man's_ toes.  Your big toe was the best.  It had a 
hard-as-leather callused spot on the bottom and was wonderfully filthy.  
I also made sure to lick any dirt out from between your toes.  I was 
rock hard and I had a ridiculous precum flow onto the carpet.  You were 
just lying back enjoying every second of the sensations, gently stroking 
yourself.  Any tension you had in your body was literally being sucked 
away.  "Are you done with that one?"
	"Mmmm," was all I did.
	"What a good foot-slave you are; thank you.  For your reward, 
you get to lick my other foot clean."
	"MMMM!"  You shoved your other foot in front of me and I started 
again.  It was just as good as the first.  When I was finished, I sat 
up, very satisfied, my face covered in dirty spit.
	"I've got to piss really bad now.  Come on back up here and help 
me out, won't you?"  I jumped up at the offer.
	"Yes, I've got to piss too...plus something more, I said as a 
smirk crossed my face.
	"How long?"
	"Mmmm...'bout two days."
	"Me too actually."  My eyes widened at what going to be in 
store.  We switched places with me now under you, your cock aimed right 
at me.


	Your cock was staring me in the face, semi hard and veiny, 
oozing precum out the end.  I touched your piss slit and spun a golden 
thread of precum from your cockhead to my lips.
	"Tasty," I said and smiled.  You loved the way I smiled--so 
sweet and yet so perverted.
	"I have something even tastier for you," you said, and bent over 
to drop your penis into my waiting mouth.  I started sucking on your 
cock like a calf sucks on its mother's udder.  But instead of cow's 
milk, my lips were greeted with the warm salty taste of your golden 
urine.  Your bladder felt like it was ready to burst, and it was hard 
for you to get more than a couple of drops out.  But then the drops 
became a slow trickle, and suddenly the flood gates opened.
	"Mmmmmmm," I moaned contently as you fed me an ever increasing 
stream of your piss waste.  Now you were emptying into me with the force 
of a flushing toilet.  It was all I could do to swallow gulps of piss 
juice without spilling any, but it became a hopeless cause.
	Before long the yellow piss was spilling out over my chin.  God, 
did that ever look so hot and erotic.  Then finally I had to pull my 
mouth away to gasp for air.  Immediately your heavy stream of piss 
spilled all over me, and I coughed a full mouthful of warm yellow liquid 
out of my mouth all over your chest.
	You laughed.  "You sick fucker," you admonished me, and I began 
laughing and rubbing your piss all over my arms, chest, and stomach.  
The golden fluid collected in small pools on the plastic sheet around 
the outline of my legs and crotch.
	Gradually you was aware of my throbbing penis against your ass 
crack. "You're such a sick perverted fucker," you said, then grabbed my 
cock in your fist.   "I really really have to go, Don," I begged you.  
"It's hurting so bad and I don't think I can hold it any more."
	You loved it when I begged like that.  It made you so horny and 
hot for me.  And it made you want to take our sex over the edge, to a 
new, even sicker plateau.  As my cock kept pushing up against your ass I 
had an idea. You took a broad swipe at the piss soaking in a great pool 
on my chest, and liquid dripping from your hand, you grabbed my cock and 
started stroking it with your piss.  My cock was now super hard and 
slick and wet with urine, and you grabbed hold of my shaft and led my 
cockhead to the tip of yout asshole.  Taking a deep breath, you took my 
dick and forced it slowly but forcefully up into your hole.  Instantly 
you felt a sharp pain shoot up into your groin.  Your eyes watered.  My 
cock split your spinchter ring and in one fell swoop slid all the way 
into your ass up to the base of my balls.
	"What do you want me to do, fuck you?" I asked, open-eyed.
	"No," you replied, "I want you to relieve yourself!"
	My mouth dropped open at the suggestion.  We had never done 
anything like that before.  I thought at first that you were kidding, 
but the pain in my side and the pressure in my bladder was too much for 
me to waste time arguing with you.  I had been holding back for so long, 
it took you a tremendous force of effort just to relax my groin enough 
to let the piss well up in my cock.  But slowly, the warm sweet 
sensation of impending release welled up in my groin and pushed 
unrelentingly against my piss slit.  Before I knew it, I was exploding 
into your ass, filling your gut with warm, delicious urine.
	As I releived myself inside you, we looked deeply into each 
other's eyes, taking full measure of all the lustful perversity we were 
about to unleash on one another.


	I just laid there, my only feeling of relief as my bladder 
emptied and your gut filled.  You were beginning to groan as the 
pressure inside you increased.
	"Uugghh...ohhh...I feel so full...I can't fucking stand it, fill 
me more!" you cried.  I had all I could do to not think about this 
incredible scene happening so my cock could stay semi-limp and I could 
continue to pee.  Finally, though, my stream slowed to a halt.  We both 
just stayed there, frozen for a moment, relishing what had just happened 
and thinking about what was about to happen.  I was now allowing myself 
the luxury of an ervction.  "Ohhh...your hot piss is boiling my guts; it 
hurts...it fucking hurts so good!"
	"Hold it, man--hang on to it!" I ordered you.
	"I can't for much longer...I can't."
	"Pull off me, man, and quickly!"  You heaved yourself up off my 
steel cock and a little of my piss splashed out of your ass onto my cock 
and balls before you clenched your ass shut.  "Turn around!" I said.  
The urgency added a wonderful, almost disturbing sense of excitement to 
the air.  Instead of kneeling, you crouched up onto your feet.  The 
urine on the bed pooled around them.  You managed to turn around so that 
your sweaty, hairy ass was facing me.  I stroked it, rubbing my hands 
through the damp, matted hair.  I ran my finger up through your ass 
crack.  You let out an "MMM!" as the sensation shot up your spinal 
column.
	"I can't hold...it," you cried, strain evident in your voice.  I 
was getting so hot for what was about to happen, what I was about to 
experience.  It would be so dirty, so perverse, so fucking sick; this 
made it all the more exciting.
	Finally I shouted, "Do it!  Do it, man!  Let go...use me as your 
fucking toilet!"  A split-second later, you relaxed your sphincter: an 
explosion of hot piss and shit blasted out of your ass landing all over 
my belly and chest.
	"OHHHHHH!" you bellowed finally being able to release the 
immense pressure.  The shit had become very diluted by my piss, very 
runny.  The hot, stinking mixture began streaming down the side of my 
body and onto the bed.  The stench wafted up off me, filling the room; 
it was incredible.  The mixture was accompanied by spurts of gas, 
followed by somewhat firmer, but still fairly loose shit from deeper 
inside your bowels; it began piling up on my belly.  As blobs of shit 
fell from your ass, they hit the pool of the looser mixture and splashed 
some up onto my face.  "PHEW!...man, it feels so fucking good to get 
that out...ohhh!"  By this time, I was beyond being turned-on; I had 
lost control of my senses.  I was being swept away by waves of disgust, 
depravity, and perhaps insanity; but I didn't care.
	"Slide back here, now!" I commanded you.  Your sweaty, hairy, 
incredibly soiled anus was the center of my world now.  You were 
surprised, but perversely delighted by my order.  I plunged my tongue 
right into your anal opening.  I was greeted by the strong, bitter taste 
of your shit.  It by far dominated the taste of my piss.  Your shit and 
piss-covered hole-hairs brushed all over my face, tangling with my 
beard, transferring fecal matter to it, and coated my nose.  The odor 
was so bad, it was good...no, it was great!
	"Ssss!...oooooh...ughhhh" you moaned as the attentions of my 
masterful, subservient tongue glided and probed, cleaning your anus up 
as far into your body as I could get it.  I loved tongue-fucking your 
hot man-hole in general, feeling the warm, soft flesh beyond your 
sphincter, but this was incredible.  The tastes, the smells of a hot, 
male shit-hole in all it vile glory.  You had begun playing with the 
pile of shit you left on my belly.  You smeared it all over my, covering 
my skin, then you globbed in onto my cock and began jerking me off using 
your hot shit as lube.  You coated be really well until there wasn't a 
white patch of skin anywhere to be found on my abdomen.  I also reached 
around you and slopped my hands into your shit, then reached up, 
stroking your chest, leaving beautiful streaks of brown, chocolatey shit 
behind.  I also started jerking you off in return.  Both of us were 
oozing precum like there was no tomorrow and as far as I was concerned, 
there wasn't.  You had begin rhythmically riding my face as I was 
tongue-fucking your shit-hole, all in lock-step with jerking each other 
off.  You let out a wicked fart right into my face: "Aw, man," you 
mumbled, then broke an ever bigger wind.  That one was a "wet fart" 
depositing a fresh mixture of piss and shit right into my eager mouth.
	"Mmmm," I moaned as I sucked it away, swallowing it into my 
belly.  With my free hand, I grabbed you around your waist and pulled 
you ever so tight against my face.  I wanted my tongue to get so far up 
into your bowels that I wanted it to emerge from the other end in your 
mouth!  That fresh bit of funky shit-piss mixture sent me over the edge.  
My shit-covered cock began explosively shooting hot semen onto your 
chest and face.  Other spurts landed on your throbbing cock mixing with 
the piss and shit already there.  You started spewing forth your hot man 
juice, some of it landing back onto my cock, which was still spewing 
semen.  Our mutual ejaculation spasms finally subsided, and you fell off 
me, landing to my side, sloshing into the plentiful amount of our waste 
on the bed.  My face was covered your shit as was each hair of my beard.  
I licked your shit off my lips and swallowed.  The fowl, bitter taste of 
you lingered, constantly reminding me of our perverted acts.  This was 
truly the ultimate expression of disgust.  It was heaven.  "That was 
fucking incredible, man...fuckin' A," I said, a bit winded.  A few 
minutes passed as we just laid there, panting, sweating like crazy.  But 
I wasn't done yet.  "You know, I haven't gone in two days, remember?"


	We both lied there in the explosion of my bowels, beyond 
disgust, beyond filth, as if we had both been born and bred in a sewer, 
the foul smells caressing our bodies, the liquid waste all around us as 
if were the internal organs of some foul disgusting creature that had 
been slit open and its guts allowed to spill out all over the bed.
	As soon as I reminded you that I hadn't gone in two days, you 
immediately felt surprisingluy energized, like we had dragged ourselves 
this far into perversion, and there was nothing left to do but to pull 
ourselves all the way down.
	You traded places with me on the bed, sinking into the pool of 
waste on the sheet.  I straddled your chest.  You looked into my eyes.  
"I want to share my filth with you," I announced lovingly.  I bent over 
and kissed you ever so lightly with my brown, smeared lips.  The foul 
smell of shit and piss rose from your breath and enveloped your senses.  
You were turned on like you had never been turned on before.  Your foul 
tasting tongue probed deeply into my mouth.  My shit-encrusted beard 
tickled the end of your goatee.  Our mustaches meshed like brillo as our 
tongues alternately smeared and licked up the bowel waste on our faces.
	"I have something more for you my sweet," I cooed into your ear, 
as I raised my ass ever so lightly off your stomach, and you could feel 
the strain of my muscles in my stomach, first tightening, then letting 
go.
	I gazed plaintively into your eyes as my gut released its 
contents onto your stomach.  You could feel the warm, soft tip of my 
shit press down against your navel.  It pressed firmer now, and wider, 
and warmer.  You knew without looking that this was going to be one of 
the biggest dumps I had ever taken.  Just from the look in my eyes, you 
knew it was massive, that it would come close to devouring you.  We 
loved every second of it.
	When I finally got up to show you what I had done, you looked 
down to see a huge pile of steaming hot, dark, brown shit-turds covering 
your stomach.  It was wonderous...so firm, so cylindrical, like a huge 
pile of sausage almost.  "I want to take a moment to admire this," you 
said, urging me not to touch it for a few moments so that you could take 
it all in--all the filth and perversion of having another man's 
humongous pile of shit dumped right there on your belly!
	"Before we do anything else," you said, "I want to be your 
toilet paper."  I looked at you and smiled lovingly.  "Yes," was all I 
said, as I turned around and thrust my ass into your face.  It was the 
most wonderful beautifully dirty ass you had ever seen.  My ass hair was 
all matted down and brown from shit smear.  There was still a piece of 
shit, a couple of inches long, that was still caught inside my ass when 
the rest of my load had dumped out on you.  It was this piece of turd 
that you attacked first with your mouth.  You pulled my ass down against 
your face, and opened your mouth and bit that turd right off the end of 
my ass, taking it all in one piece in your mouth, mashing it between 
your lips and tongue, and swallowing it in one bite.
	"My God!"  I thought.  "You've done it!  You've done the 
unthinkable!  You've eaten another man's shit!  The one thing that 
society finds the most vile act of all.  You would be less ostrasized 
and condemned if you had murdered someone than to have committed this 
most unforgivable of all acts!  And you enjoyed it!  More than that, you 
became one with it.  You *were* vile and disgusting and I loved you for 
it!"
	You finished eating out my ass, and licking clean all my 
individual ass hairs, when I lifted myself up off of you, and bent over 
to give you a kiss, to join my mouth with yours and eat my own shit out 
of your mouth, licking at your lips, trading shit-flavored saliva.
	Then I rose up and gave you another view of the massive pile of 
excrement lying, waiting, so inviting on your stomach.
	"It's time we did something about this," I said.
	"Do anything...do EVERYthing!" you begged.  I plunged my raging 
hard cock into the pile of shit and began to fuck it with abandon, 
thrusting myself into the warm, smooth mound.
	"Awwww!...Mmmm..." I moaned as my cock disappeared into the 
stinking brown mass.  Its texture was wonderfully stimulating.  I 
lowered myself more, laying in my own shit, pressing against you, 
squashing the pile between us.  Our shitty lips met again and we kissed 
passionately.  I rubbed my hands along your sides smearing the shit that 
had been pushed out by my weight up and down your body.  I mixed it with 
the pools of brown excrement slime on the bed, slopping up your body 
really well.  I lifted up off of you a bit.  As it did, the creamy shit 
was stuck to both of us, especially you since your chest was much 
hairier, as if you had pulled a peanut butter sandwich apart.  I slopped 
my hand into the shit around your nipples, twirling it, covering my hand 
and fingers.  I laid back down on you and brought my coated hand up to 
your mouth.  You started lapping the shit off my hand and fingers.  I 
joined you in your mission, our tongues gliding over my hand, over each 
other, absolutely delighting in consuming my bodily waste.  The level of 
perversion and depravity were beyond anything either of us could have 
dreamed; we had lost all control of ourselves.  It was too much for you, 
lying there, being your lover's toilet, having me hump your belly, 
fucking the shit.  You started to ejaculate, expelling your semen into 
the shit near my cock.
	"Ugghhhhh!...Ohhhh!" you cried as your cum ripped through your 
penis.  I, feeling the immense force of your spurting ejaculate and your 
hot cum sliming up the shit under my cock sent me over the edge.
	I through my head up: "Ugghhhh!"  My savage scream echoed off 
buildings far away as my cock dumped and continued to dump buckets of 
hot man juice between us, mixing with yours and the shit.  I slid off of 
you to one side, sliding into a pool of urine on the bed.  It had cooled 
a bit and felt good against my hot, sweaty body.  I rested my head 
against your shit-covered shoulder.  We were breathing heavily, 
exhausted, spent of everything out bodies could output: piss, shit, and 
cum.  We drifted off to sleep.  We knew would be repeating this scene 
again and again, only perhaps even more disgusting and more perverse.

				THE END
