Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.



INCESTUOUS FANTASIES ABOUT MOTHERS AND SONS
FROM THE CRYPT OF BARON daRKSIDE
Fantasy Number 21A
(Heather's Loves or Double the Fun) (Part One)

A Tale of Incest by Baron DArkside



Heather awoke to the low moaning hum of wind hurling itself against
the house.  Then she heard the comforting thump of the heater turning
itself on.  The storm had started around noon the day before and by
dark it had turned into a full-blown blizzard.  By the time she had
gone to bed, the lawn had already been covered with deep, rolling
snowdrifts.
 Rolling over, she reached over to the nightstand by her bed and
flicked on the radio.  She lay there listening to the music for
several moments before the announcer came on.  He stated that the
snowstorm had closed the town of Elkhorn.  Every thoroughfare, every
business and all the schools were closed until further notice.  He
then warned everyone to stay inside because of the extreme wind chill
outside.  The temperature was five above, but with the strong wind
accompanying the storm, the wind chill was thirty below. 'Just bundle
up and stay inside' was his last admonition before the music resumed.

A person would have to be crazy to venture out on a day like this, she
thought, yawning and stretching to loosen her tight muscles.  After a
few moments of stretching and yawning, she sat up.  Even though the
storm had made prisoners of her and her two sons, Rick and Tim, she
felt safe.  They were used to such storms and she always kept the
house well stocked with the essentials.  They also had portable
generators and all kinds of emergency equipment should the power fail
and leave them at the mercy of the raging tempest outside.  
While the storm howled outside, she felt warm and cozy in her room.
The room, filled with ruffles and frills of pinks and whites made her
feel all soft and feminine inside.  She had gone to considerable
expense and effort to create this sanctuary for herself in the
otherwise male dominated house.  
Smiling happily, she got up and stretched again.  She could feel her
big, heavy breasts wiggle sensuously as she lowered her arms.  Cupping
the soft cones of wriggling flesh, she padded across the thick, pink
carpet to the window.  
Looking out, she could barely see more than ten feet through the snow
as it drove itself against the house.  Like ghostly apparitions, the
snow and wind swirled and danced over and around the house covering
everything with their wintry touch.  Like the only ones invited to a
Winter's Ball, they whirled about unconcerned that their frigid waltz
was burying the town under a thick blanket of snow.  Just looking out
on the surging maelstrom made her shiver.  
Hugging her arms around herself, she walked back over to her dresser
and sat down.  Looking into the mirror, she was pleased with the image
looking looked back out at her.  Not too bad for thirty-eight, she
surmised.  Leaning closer to the mirror, she examined the reflection
of her face.  What few wrinkles she could see were hardly noticeable
at all.  Smiling, contentedly, she pushed back the stool and stood up.
She always slept in the buff, even when it was freezing outside.  She
could trace this penchant back to her mother who always wore thick
flannel gowns to bed.  Not in the nineteen years she had lived with
her parents could she ever remember seeing her mother naked.  As with
most children, she had sworn at an early age that she would sleep
naked, just to spite her mother.  Besides, she loved the feel of her
silk sheets on her skin.
Turning around, she examined her lovely rounded ass.  As she studied
it, she found herself thinking that her ass looked like an upside down
heart with a crack splitting it into two identical halves.  Laughing
softly at her own foolishness, she let her eyes travel down her long,
tapered legs.  They were well muscled and firm, but the muscles didn't
have the stark definition of a weight lifter's muscles.  They were
just long, lovely legs; well proportioned, rounded, and shapely.  She
was more than satisfied with the results of her many hours of
exercise. Finished with her examination, she sat back down.  
Next, she focused her attention  on her breasts. Cantaloupe-sized,
they stuck out from her chest with youthful exuberance.  Yet they
looked heavy and ripe.  Ready to be plucked.  They had almost no
noticeable sag to them at all as they jutted out amazingly taunt for
her age.  Even her big aureoles stuck out sexily forming a bulging
reddish-purple cup of pebbly grained flesh tipped with big rubbery
nipples the size of erasers.  The big erasers found on the end of the
big preschool pencils, not little ones.  The jutting aureoles were not
perfectly centered. They jutted out from the lower outside of the big
melons, making her breasts seem bigger than they actually were and
just a little cross-eyed.  Crossing her own eyes, she giggled as she
watched her breasts cross over each other for a moment before she
relaxed her eyes and they returned their proper position.
Finally, she got up and stepped into her bathroom.  Turning the water
on in her shower, she waited until it was steaming hot before she
stepped under the needle spray.
As she showered, she wondered if she would get any writing done while
the storm was blowing outside.   She knew she was extremely fortunate
to be a successful writer.  The proceeds from her books gave her an
independence she could never have had with other occupations.  Besides
that, she loved to write.  Because of her creativity, she didn't have
to depend upon another soul for anything.  Well, almost anything else,
she reminded herself as she felt a tickle of sexual excitement shiver
through her pussy.
Then she found herself thinking of her twin sons, Tim and Rick.  She
had raised them by herself after the death of their father.  They had
been only a year old when he had been killed in the aircraft accident.
While she had loved her husband, his sudden demise and the resultant
financial settlement from the insurance company had given her the
wherewithal to pursue writing. Being a writer gave her the time to be
a single parent and raise her two boys on her own.  She was proud of
the job she had done.  Although some may have found her methods a
little bizarre, she didn't feel she had to answer to anyone.  She had
done the best she could do, under the circumstances.
The boys were now seniors at Elkhorn High School.  She was proud of
them in so many ways.  Both of them had made the All-State First Team
Football Team last year, were on the honor roll and never gave her a
moment of grief.  
Besides, everywhere they went, people thought she was their older
sister instead of their mother.  That made her feel even more positive
that she had chosen the correct path for them.
Quickly, she stepped out of the shower and dried herself. Blushing
guiltily, she carelessly tossed the towel on the big four-poster bed,
ignoring its disarray. Bending over her dresser, she could feel her
heavy breasts tug on her chest as she looked through the drawer.
Finally, she found the baby-doll gown she wanted and slipped it on.
Then she slowly crept out into the hallway.  Just when had it begun,
she tried to recall.  She had raised her boys to be confident and
unashamed of their bodies.  She had even taken showers with them until
they were thirteen or fourteen years old.  She had never been one to
hide her body from them.  She didn't want them to grow up sexually
inhibited like the rest of the country.  She had been open and candid
with their questions as they grew up, little knowing that it would
eventually lead to this.
Then another quiver of anticipation ran through her body as she
stopped outside of Rick's room.  Recalling that he had been the true
instigator of their current situation, she paused in his doorway and
reminisced about the day it had happened.
The whole thing had begun auspiciously enough.  Yet every detail of
the event was indelibly etched in her memory.  She would never forget
it.
That day, she had gone to Rick's room.  She couldn't remember why she
had gone there or how old he was at the time.  But as she had walked
into his room, she found him lying on his bed, naked.  Not only had he
been naked, but he had an erection.  He his hand wrapped around
himself and was studying it closely.
Startled, she had come to an abrupt stop, staring down at him.  
She could still recall their conversation, word for word:
"Oh, Mom, I didn't hear you coming," he had said, but had made no
effort to hide his obvious erection.
"Uh, I'm sorry, I guess I should have knocked," she had blushed.
"Mom, why does it get hard like this?" he had innocently asked her.
"Well, honey," she had said, surprised at his composure, "a man's
penis gets hard like that so that, uh, so that a man can, uh, uh, well
so he can put it inside a woman."
"Why?"
"That is the way babies are made."
"Really?"
"Yes, really."
"Where does he put it in a woman?"
"Uh, well, uh, in her vagina."
"What is a vagina."
"Well," she had explained, growing more self-conscious by the moment,
"it is a place that a woman has and she uses it just like a man uses
his penis.  And when a man puts his penis inside a woman and they make
love, it is where babies are made."
"Where is it at?"
What at, Hon?" She had asked him.
"Uh, your, uh, vag, uh, vagna, thing."
"Uh, uh, it is between my legs, just like your penis is between your
legs."
"What does it look like?"
"Well, uh, it, uh, it, uh..."
"What is wrong? Mommy, you're turning red!  Did I say something
wrong?"
"No, no," she had lied, "you just caught me by surprise.  That's all."
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"No, don't be," she had told him, "I want you to be able to talk to me
about these things.  There is nothing dirty or nasty about the human
body.  You just surprised me, that's all."
"Uh, Okay," he had said.
"And to show you there is no reason to be self-conscious about your
body," she had told him, "I'll show you my vagina."
She had impetuously volunteered to expose herself to him to try and
make a point.  She had wanted to prove to him that there was nothing
wrong with a woman's body, but was this the way to show him?  Had she
overstepped the line of decency? She had wanted him to have a healthy
attitude toward sex and women, but was it right to show him her
vagina?  She had never hidden her body from them, but this was
different.  Before the exposure of her body had been natural and
spontaneous with no sexual undercurrent.  But this, while it might
teach him about a woman's body, there was a definite sexual tenor to
it.  What would it do to his psyche later on?
But once the proposal had been proffered, she felt she had no choice
but to go through with it. She had realized that she was carrying her
son's sexual education to the very limit of social acceptance.
Actually perhaps a little beyond what would be considered socially
acceptable to most women.  But, he was her son and it was her body.
No one had the right to tell her how to mold her own son's outlook on
the relationship between a man and a woman.  She wanted him to grow up
completely uninhibited sexually.  She had thought so then, and she
still thought so now.  
"You will," he had said enthusiastically.
"Yes, but if I do," she had guiltily explained, "you must promise that
you will never tell anyone about it. Okay?"
"Not even Tim?"
"Well, except Tim," she had conceded, knowing that she would probably
have to show him, too.  The boys seemed to have no secrets between
them, "But you have to tell him in front of me, so I can explain it to
him, too."
"Why not anyone else?"
She had sat down on his bed and took his hand.
"You remember how I told you that the human body was beautiful."
"Uh, yes."
"Do you remember that I told you that you could dress anyway you
wanted to around the house when you, Tim, and I were alone?"
"Yes."
"Do you remember that I told you when anyone else was here or when you
went visiting, you had to follow their rules and dress as they
dressed?"
"Yes."
"Well, this is the same.  Some people have funny rules about the body.
Why some people are afraid to be undressed in front of anyone."
"Wow. Really?"
"Yes, I am afraid so, but you don't want you to grow up that way, do
you?"
"No way," he had grinned back at her.
"Okay," she had told him, "you'll just have to trust me and promise to
keep it our little secret?"
"I will.  I promise." 
And as far as she knew, he had kept his promise to this very day.
Thankfully.
"Okay, then," she had smiled at him, tenderly.
She remembered lying back on the bed and slowly pulled her dress up
around her waist. She had rarely worn panties around the house back
then so when her dress rustled upward, her curly patch of pubic hair
had come into view.  She had watched her son's Adam's apple bob up and
down anxiously as he had gawked down at her belly.  Then she had
slowly spread her legs, unveiling her vagina to him.  She could still
see his face when he had gotten his first look at his birthplace.
"Wow."
"What do you think," she had asked him, fearing that he might find it
ugly.
"Wow," he had answered her again as he had stared down at her secret
place.
Then she had seen his penis jerk.
Then she realized that even in this semi-sterile setting, the sight of
a woman's vagina, even his own mother's was sexually stimulating to
him.
"It makes me feel kinda funny." he had said at last.
"I know," she had told him, "it is supposed to.  It is just a natural
thing."
"Even if you are my mother?"
"I'm afraid so."
Then she knew that she had to explain how it all functioned.  She
wanted to teach him about a woman's secret place.  Show him the beauty
of it.
Then she remembered the strange feeling that had come over her.  
As she had reached down to her pussy, she found herself growing
excited.  Sexually excited.  Maybe she should stop, she had thought.
But by then, she had gone too far.  
She remembered she had spread the lips of her vagina apart. 
She remembered pointing out the little hole of her urethra and
explaining to him that she peed out of it.
"No way," he had said.
He had been engrossed in his lesson as she had explained about her big
and little pussy lips.  He had listened intently, hanging on her every
word. 
Finally, she had shown him the opening to her vagina.
"This is where a man puts his penis," she remembered saying, "and this
is where you came out when you were born."
"How?" he had asked her, wheezing asthmaticly.
"It is just the way nature has made it," she had told him.
"How, how, how can a man's thing fit inside such a tiny hole?" he had
huffed.
"It can, take my word for it," she had smiled at him knowingly.
"But a man's penis, uh, is, uh, even bigger than mine isn't it?"
"Well, yes, but yours will grow," she had told him. 
She had glanced down at his penis then and saw that it was already
five or six inches long.  She hadn't known how much bigger he would
get then.  But even then, he was already as big as some men ever got.
And he still had a lot of growing to do.
"What is the little shiny white pea sticking out up on top?" he asked
her.
Although she hadn't been able to see her clitoris, she knew that it
was swollen and inflamed.
"Uh, that is my clitoris."
"Clit, uh, what?"
"Clitoris," she had said slowly, feeling it throbbing expectantly.
"Clitoris," he had repeated.
"What does it do?"
Then she had carefully peeled the skin back away from her clitoris,
experiencing another tingle of pleasure trickle out from it as she
did.  
Then she had explained to him that it was one of the places that made
women feel good when men touched it.
Then she had watched his eyes flick back down to the entrance of her
vagina.
"I still don't think a man's penis would fit in such a tiny, little
hole," she remembered him repeating himself.
 "You mean that my thing could fit in it and it wouldn't hurt you or
anything?"
"Yes, it would," she remembered saying.  Rather fatalisticly, she now
recalled.
"I still don't think so."
"It would," she had told him.
"Uh, can, can I touch your clitoris?" she remembered his asking.
What could she say?  She had put herself in this dangerous situation
and it was growing more perilous by the moment.
"Uh, I guess, uh, I guess so, but touch it softly."
She remembered how he had hesitantly reached out and gently ran his
finger over the smooth, glabrous knob of her clitoris.
She had jumped when he touched her.
"Oh, did I hurt you?"
"No, oh, no.  It is just very sensitive.  It felt good."
Like trying to climb a glass wall, she felt herself slipping deeper
into the abyss of sexual arousal.
Then, she had felt a trickle of her excitement slowly ooze out of her
vagina.
She could still hear his next question ringing in her ears to this
day.
"Mommy, what is that stuff coming out of your, uh, your vagina?  Are
you okay?"
At the same time, she had watched his penis jump again.
"Uh, well, uh, that is what a woman, uh, a woman, uh, makes inside of
her vagina to make it slippery inside."
"What for?"
"So that a man's penis will slide in easily.  It is what lets a man
put his thing inside of a woman without hurting her."
"Can you just make it up anytime you want to?"
"Uh, well, no, uh..." She stopped, at a loss for words.
Then she saw a single, glistening pearl of pre-cum lubricant ooze out
hole in the top of his bobbing penis.
"Uh, do you see this?" she said, slowly reaching over and running her
finger through it, smearing it around the head of his nodding cock.
"Uh, yes, that comes out when I play with myself and I feel excited,"
he croaked.
"Well, a woman is the same way," she murmured softly, "she makes it
come out when she is excited, too."
"You mean, you mean, you are excited, too?"
Then it had dawned on her just what she had told him.  She had told
him that she was sexually excited.
Her whole plan was blowing up in her face.  It could have disastrous
consequences.
Incest! 
She had never thought of anything so heinous.
How could this be happening?
She remembered studying his face and seeing the confusion in his eyes.
She felt like she lying in the middle of a minefield.  She was afraid
to move.  Danger was everywhere.  She knew that she should jump up and
run from the room, but she was paralyzed.
Then she had felt his finger touch the delicate skin surrounding her
vagina.
"It is so soft and warm," he had whispered.
"Yes."
"It feels so good to touch it."
It was at that very moment, she came to the grave conclusion.  She
wanted him to make love to her.  Her own son.  Her own son inside of
her.  Her own son inside of her making soft, gentle love to her.
"Would you like to put your penis in it?" she had whispered to him.
She knew it was wrong.  Mortally wrong.  But she couldn't stop
herself.
"Huh," he had grunted.
"I want you to put your thing inside of me.  I want you to make love
to me."
"You really mean it," he had panted.
"Yes." 
"Uh, how, uh, how do I do, uh, it?"
She had instructed him to crawl up between her legs.  Then she had
guided him down into her waiting place.
She remembered how hot and rigid his penis had felt as it slowly slid
down into her drooling pussy.
"OH, MOTHER," he had exclaimed, "I feel funny.  OH, Mother, what is
happening?"
She remembered that he had only gotten half of his penis into her
before it started jerking and spitting inside of her.  She remembered
grabbing hold of his clenched ass and yanking him down, sending his
spewing cock into her all the way up to its hairless hilt.  Then her
own femininity convulsed down around him as she was possessed by a
mindbending orgasm more intense than she had ever experienced.  
She still couldn't believe that she had let it happen.  But more
incredible was the orgasm that she had experienced as he had cum
inside of her.  She remembered that he had ejaculated inside of her
for what seemed like hours, before he collapsed down on top of her in
a daze.  They had lain there for the longest time, connected in an
Incestual union that she never wanted to break.
Finally, he had woke up and went running to tell his brother, Tim.
Then she had allowed him the same privilege and had had her second
orgasm at the hands of her two sons.


Fantasy Number 21B
(Heather's Loves or Double the Fun) (Part Two)


Looking into his room, she saw that Rick was asleep.  It was obviously
apparent that the blustery cold outside wasn't bothering him as he had
thrown off his covers. As usual, he was lying on the bed stark naked.
She felt her heart melt as she watched him sleep.  His sculpted chest
rose and fell evenly with each breath.  He was no longer the immature
teenager she had introduced to the unpredictable dangers of Incestual
love.  He was now a muscular, mature boy rapidly turning into a young
man.  Physically and mentally, he was more of a man than a boy now.
Even as she wondered where their Incestual travels would end, she felt
her eyes being drawn down to the thick, swollen cylinder of flesh
lying on his stomach.
A perverse smile played on her lips as she slowly walked over to where
her sleeping son lay.  She didn't say a word, but quickly knelt down
by the bed.  Leaning over, she gently lifted his sleeping manhood.
Opening her mouth, she sucked him inside her mouth.  Then she felt him
stir.  Not stopping, she lovingly sucked him awake.
"Wh... Mom, what, oh, wow," he mumbled, grinning.
She could feel his masculinity begin to swell and grow as she sucked
on him.  Softly sucking, she felt him intimately caress her hair.
Within moments, his cock was fully erect, standing a full seven inches
tall.
"God, Mother," he groaned, "you sure know how to start a guy's day off
right."
"I take it that you like it then," she grinned up at him as she lifted
her mouth off his hard manhood for a moment.
"God, yes," he groaned.
"Good, so do I," she laughed, licking her lips lasciviously as she
lowered her head and engulfed his bloated maleness once again.
She knew, from experience, that he would be highly sensitive so early
in the morning and it would only take a short time to bring him to
fulfillment.  Hungrily, she sucked and gnawed on his swollen cockhead.
At the same time, she jerked her hand up and down the thick shaft of
his penis.
She could already feel his muscles tensing and tightening as she
sucked and pulled on his pulsating cock.  
"Mom, I'm going to cum if you don't quit," he muttered at the same
time he gently pushed her head down on his jutting cock.
"Ummmmhhhuuuuhhhhh," she encouraged him without lifting her head from
his cock.
"Gonna cum, don't stop," he blathered, thrusting his hips up and
shoving his cock deeper into her mouth.
"Ummmmhhhuuuuhhhhh," she muttered again as she felt his cock swell out
and jerk.  Then suddenly her mouth was filled with his thick,
male-syrup.
"Awwwwfffuuuuucccckkkkkkk," he growled as his hips lurched and his
cock spurted out wad after wad of his virulent male milk into her
sucking mouth.
She took all it.  Lovingly swallowing the creamy broth, she coaxed out
more with her hand.  Again and again, his cock fired off inside of her
mouth.  It fired so much his pearly cum into her mouth, a glistening
pearl of cum began ooze out and dribble down her chin.
Sucking and swallowing as fast as she could, she felt the intensity of
the volleys slowly diminish until at last they stopped.
She slowly raised her head up off his shrinking maleness.
"I love your stuff," she smiled, wiping her chin with the back of her
hand, "it tastes like honey and sex."
"You're the greatest, Mom," he smiled back at her.
Slowly getting to her feet, she leaned down and gave him a long,
hungry kiss on the lips, smearing his own seed all over his mouth.  As
she did, she felt his hands find her dangling breasts.  Softly,
gently, he fondled her as they kissed.
At last, she stood up.
"Go back to sleep, baby," she told  him, "there is no school today."
"Yipeeee," he yelped, pulling the covers up and rolling over, "I love
you, Mom."
"Love you, too," she laughed, turning and heading for the door.
Leaving Rick's room, she sauntered down the hallway to Tim's room.
She could hear the wind still battering itself against the house.
Just then, the heater kicked on again.  Stopping for a moment by one
of the heater grates, she let the soft, warm air blow over her bare
legs.  It felt good.  Then she moved on down the hallway to Tim's
room.
She slowly opened his door and looked in. Stopping for a moment, she
stared lovingly at her son who was asleep.  Unlike his brother, Tim
was buried under the covers with only his head sticking out she
quietly stole over to his bed.   She slowly sat down on the side of
the bed.  She sat unmoving for several seconds, lovingly looking down
at her son's face.  How could she have been so lucky to produce two
Adonis's?  
At last she bent over and gently lifted the covers, peeling them back
down his body.  As the covers slipped off, she saw that he was naked,
too.  It ran in the family, she laughed to herself.  Peeling the
covers down farther and farther, she at last uncovered her son's fat,
thick love dagger.  Tim didn't move for a while as his mother sat
admiring his potent weapon.  Then she adoringly reached down and
gently lifted his impressive cock.  Giving it a gently squeeze, she
watched as both he and his indolent cock slowly stirred.  As he
groggily opened his eyes, a happy smile spread across his face when he
saw sitting beside him holding his growing manhood in her hand. 
"Good Morning, my Darling," she cooed, "did you sleep well last
night?" 
"Great," Tim grinned, his eyes dropping to her large, perfectly shaped
breasts.
 "You're beautiful this morning, as usual, Mom." He smiled as his cock
rapidly began to harden.
"Why, Thank you," she tittered, "and so are you.  And getting big and
hard, as usual, too." 
"What do I owe the pleasure of this visit so early in the morning?" He
yawned, sitting up and leaning back on his elbows. 
"It is snowing like crazy outside, "she told him, "and the radio said
that everything is closed.  Businesses, schools, everything.  Since
none of us can go anywhere, I thought I would take the day off too and
spend it with my boys.  How does that sound to you?"
"It sounds like Christmas is coming early this year," Tim grinned,
openly ogling her breasts as they rose and fell with her breathing. 
"Well, I came in to see what you would like for breakfast," Heather
smiled, unable to keep from glancing down to her son's ripening
love-fruit.  "Anything that you want special?"
"Just you," Tim said, looking at her with love in his eyes. 
"I thought you might say that," Heather smiled back at him. 
"Rick has already had his treat, so you can have anything you want." 
"I just want you," Tim said reaching for her
"Oh, I love you," she moaned as her son's hands slipped under her gown
and found her sensitive breasts.
She closed her eyes and sat enjoying the feel of his hands on her
breasts for several moments.  She was glad her tits were not the
gigantic mountains that filled most men's magazines.  What they lacked
in size, they made up in beauty.  While they weren't huge, they were
still more than a hand full for even her son's large, powerful hands.
After a few moments of fondling, he took her large nipples between his
finger and thumb and rubbed tweaked them roughly. 
Reveling in the feel of her son's hands on her breasts, she held his
big, swollen penis enclosed in her hand.  She marveled at the yielding
hardness of his arrogant manhood.  The fleshy cylinder of meat,
muscle, and blood stood almost nine inches tall.  Wrapping both of her
hands around the thick, solid shaft of meat, she still couldn't cover
al of the round, firm shaft.  At least an inch or bare, ripe cock
showed above her hands.  Sliding one hand up, she tenderly caressed
the plum colored helmet of his love-warrior.  Wrapping her fist around
it, She was pleased to find it almost filled her whole hand.  Gently
running her hand over the hot, round cockhead, she could feel his
slippery pre-fuck juices coating her palm.
As she toyed with him, his twitching, jumping cock evidenced his
urgent desire.  Finally, she let go of his gigantic cock and gently
moved his hands away from her tingling breasts.  Smiling wickedly, she
pushed him down onto his back.
Standing up quickly, she took the bottom of her flimsy gown and lifted
it over her head.  Letting the gossamer nightie slip to the floor, she
paused for a moment to let him see standing before him completely
naked.  
Smiling wantonly, she slowly lifted one knee up and rested it on the
bed. 
This quickly brought Tim's eyes down to her furry pubis.   Then, she
shivered with wicked expectation as she felt a trickle of her syrupy
juice seep out of her wet pinkness and run down her inner thigh.  Her
fleshy gash was wet and ready for him.
"Oh, you made me leak," she wheezed excitedly, feeling the sticky heat
of the thick fluid oozing out of her womanhood down onto her milky
white thigh.  "Do you want me on the top or the bottom?" 
"I want to be on top," Tim puffed excitedly.
"It doesn't matter to me," she muttered,  quickly crawling up on the
bed and rolling over onto her back, "just as long as I have your big,
fat cock in me,"
Spreading her long, tapered legs, she prepared herself to be mounted
by her oldest son.  Smiling, she reflected that she did sometimes felt
like a brood mare in a stud farm.  It seemed like one of her sons was
always at the ready and sniffing her out.  Not that she was
complaining, she laughed to herself.  
Scrambling up to his hands and knees, Tim paused for a moment.  She
watched him quickly sweep his eyes up and down her body.  She could
see the desire and hunger in his eyes.  She wondered if he really
understood the significance of what they were doing?  She was freely
offering him her most precious and sacred possession.  He must know
what it meant, she thought as her eyes misted over and she gazed up at
her son, her life-mate and her lover.
She wished she knew what he was thinking as he stared into her eyes.
Did he think she was beautiful?  She thought of herself a pretty, but
what did he think?  She watched as his eyes slowly moved around her
face, out to the tawny gold hair spilling out onto the bed and
outlining her face.   She slowly, lewdly licked her full, soft lips as
she waited.  Did he find her lips kissable?  He must, she thought as
she remembered back to the day they had spent a whole afternoon just
kissing.  He had asked how a woman liked to be kissed and she had
shown him.  They had spent the rest of the day kissing, just kissing,
nothing else. She also remembered how chafed her lips had been the
next day.  It had taken several days for them to heal.  But, such was
their love.
"God Mom," he shuddered, his cock bobbing up and down excitedly as he
crawled up between her outstretched legs, "you are the most beautiful
woman in the whole wide world." 
"How nice," she smiled, watching him maneuver up between her long
legs, his thick, potent love weapon bouncing up and down wickedly.
"I'm glad you think I am pretty."
"Pretty, hah," he snorted, "gorgeous!"
As he crawled over her, she reached down between them, gently taking
hold of his brick-hard penis.  She was amazed at its hardness.  It was
if a sculptor had sculpted a wonderful, perfect cock out of steel and
then somehow welded to his groin.  She never tired of looking at it,
especially the way it now jutted out hard and ripe.  She liked to see
it soft too, but that rarely happened.
As she looked at it, its single glaring eye stared back at her
defiantly.  It seemed to be wickedly mocking her as she gently forced
it down toward her overripe wetness.  His hooded monster was so stiff
and hard, she had to strain to maneuver it down away from his muscular
stomach. 
As she guided him down to her waiting wetness, he lowered his hips.
Then she felt the bloated head of his cock touch her softness. Then
her vision of the imminent union of their bodies was obstructed as his
lips found hers.  Blindly, she shepherded his stiff cock down to her
weeping slit as they kissed.
He kissed her softly at first, but the kiss quickly became more and
more demanding.  Then she felt his big, hard cockhead slip inside her
overheated oven.  As it did, he crushed his lips down on her, driving
his tongue into her mouth.  She was being penetrated on two fronts by
his insistent tongue and his eager, probing cock. As he slid his
throbbing hugeness into her aching cunt, their tongues fought wildly.
Like two serpents, entwined in a lewd dance of passion, their tongues
twisted and fought in a fiery frenzy for several moments until they
finally had to break for air. 
As their mouths parted, she sucked her son's granite hard cock deeper
inside her hungry pussy.  Their whole reason for life was now centered
at the flaming point where their bodies now melded into one.  She
exulted in the feel of his big, heavy penis sliding deeper and deeper
into her hot, sucking, clinching pussy. 
She moaned with pleasure.  It was almost more than she could withstand
as she felt the giant cock slowly easing its way down the slippery
wetness of her love-canal.  She could feel the big, purple cockhead
stretching her vagina to its limit as it squished through the meaty
heat of her cunt. All of her concern was focused on her cunt.  Nothing
else in the world mattered at this moment.  Just the ecstatic gush of
pleasure that was pouring from the soft, clinging insides of her pussy
as it lovingly wrapped itself around the big, thick shaft of meat.
"Oh, Fuck, Mother," he gasped as he thrust himself into her.
"Oh, Yes, Baby, Fuck, Mother," she murmured with childlike fervor.
She could sense his fight to hold back the wellspring of semen she
knew was straining for release.  She knew that it would take very
little to push him over the edge.  It would take nothing to make him
release his superheated manseed into the wet, sodden depths of her
clutching cunt.
Smiling mischievously, she suddenly tightened her vaginal muscles down
around his supercharged cock.  That was all it took.  
The titanic tug of war on his emotions gave way and his cock began to
spew out a torrent of potent seed-laden cum.  Spewing and spurting the
potent cream back into his own birthplace.
The absolute depravity of it sent a spasm of wicked pleasure arcing
through her cunt.  Orgasming herself, she reenacted the very act which
had produced him, except this time he was the perpetrator of the
profane act. 
As she clenched herself down around him, she felt the flood of
white-hot, life producing milk come spewing out of his hardness into
her sucking pussy.  It felt like a tidal wave of rich, sperm filled
cum pouring out of him. There was so much of the hot, frothy semen, it
filled her cunt and almost immediately spilled out onto the bed.
Unlike a normal ejaculation, his cock was like a firehose spewing a
continuous stream of creamy, white syrup into her.  There were no
spurts.  No stopping it now.  It just spewed out in one uninterrupted
eruption. On and on, it went.
Holding him pressed against her quivering breasts, she felt him lock
the muscles of his back, arching it and impaling her with his spewing
cock. Grunting and straining, he shoved his cock into her as deeply as
possible.
She lovingly scraped her fingernails over the tightly clenched cheeks
of his ass as she felt the behemoth wedged inside her pussy continue
to spill its virulent load into her.  When would it stop, she wondered
as the flood of semen pouring from her son's virile balls continued to
gush forth.  
Then as suddenly as it had started, it quickly slowed to a trickle and
stopped. 
"Goodness, Baby," she murmured as she felt his cock begin to shrink
inside her.  
Reluctantly, she unclenched the muscles inside her pussy, letting his
shriveling cock slowly retreat down the sodden chute of her cunt.
Panting, he slowly let his weight down onto her. 
"MY GOD, Mother," he finally wheezed.  "I think I broke something down
there.  It's never came out like that before."
"I know," she smiled up at him, his face only inches from hers, "you
just kept shooting it out.  I didn't think you would ever stop."
"I know," he sighed.
"I'm sure that you're fine," she smiled up at him, "you always have an
intense orgasm when we make love."
"Yeah," he agreed, "but this one was really strong."
"Well, why don't you take a little nap," she told him, "and we'll try
it out again later to make sure it isn't damaged permanently."
"Great," he chuckled softly, giving her a little hug.
 Gently, she pushed push him away from her, letting his shrinking
prick pop out of her. As it did, it was followed by a great gusher of
expended cum. 
"Oh, my," she laughed softly, "it's all coming out."
"I'm sorry," he apologized.
"That's okay, Baby," she murmured, knowing he was drifting off, "I'm
not complaining."
"Go ahead and go back to sleep," she smiled, "and I'll go down and fix
us some breakfast."
"Okay," he mumbled sleepily

Part Three to follow

Hope you enjoyed how Heather treats her sons

The Baron ( ; - { )



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
