Archive-name: 3plus/dblteam.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Frank's Surprise

 
     Frank had been seeing Carol for about six months, and during that
time, they'd had some great times.  Carol was a lovely brunette with pale
blue eyes and a penchant for oral sex. Frank loved the way she looked up at
him with those soft blue orbs when her mouth was full of him. She often
smiled around his shaft, an impish delight shining in her eyes, while she
worked her mouth up and down.  Carol's figure is nice too. Slender, yet
filled out with the curves of a mature, sexy woman.  Her breasts weren't
large, but they were pleasing and wonderful, with large, sensitive nipples
that she liked Frank to play with.  Carol is a delight in bed, or on the
floor, or on the kitchen table.  She had a youthful enthusiasm and enjoyed
the sensual pleasures, giving back what she received. Carol's behind is
firm yet soft, with the oh-so pleasing curves that men find sensual when
kneeling behind a woman with her ass pressed against him.  Her hips only
hinted at her earlier motherhood.  And therein lay a minor problem.  
     Carol's daughter, Alicia, is 18, and Carol is 34.  Carol had been a
naive fifteen year old when she found out about the need for birth control.
Alicia came along halfway through Carol's 16th year.  After Alicia started
to mature, Carol found delight in watching her daughter grow up, flirting
with the boys.  Alicia, like most kids today, knew a lot more about sex
than Carol did in the early 70's, and Carol was very patient and explained
things to her daughter.  Alicia is now a young woman, and Carol found the
thought of her own coming independence both frightening and as a casting
off of restraints.  
     The problem? Alicia is a very pretty blonde, with passionate, light
green eyes, freckles on her cheeks, and a disconcerting habit of hanging
around when Frank and Carol would have preferred some privacy.  Carol had
told Frank that Alicia was watching out for "mom", making sure she didn't
get too wild.  The two of them laughed about that over dinner one night, in
a dark, romantic restaurant.  Alicia didn't know that several times Frank
and Carol had gone to a party and stayed late, even though it had turned
into a hot, sweaty orgy.  Carol is bisexual and very easy about it. Even
Alicia knew, had known that, for many years.  Carol had been turned off by
men after Ali was born, only returning to men after her twenty fifth birth-
day. Frank made a comment, jokingly, that perhaps they should throw an orgy
for Alicia, and let her see just what she was missing.  Carol shot him a
look across the table, then slowly smiled.  "Maybe we should.", she said,
laughing at Frank's wide-eyed surprise.   
     Things went along pretty well that summer. With Ali out of school, she
was almost constantly out on dates during the evenings, which left Frank
and Carol plenty of privacy.  It was late in July when Frank went on a trip
for a week, phoning Carol several times to tell her how much he missed her.
Twice they steamed up the phone lines, describing in detail what their
reunion would be like.  On Friday, Carol was waiting at the airport for
Frank's plane to touch down.  
     Frank walked down the corridor from the plane and into the terminal.
Carol was standing among the crowd, easily seen in her brilliant blue
dress. The two embraced and kissed, then walked arm in arm towards the
baggage claim.  Frank and Carol stood around the carousel until Frank found
both his bags, then headed for the door.  
     "Where'd you park?", Frank asked.
     "I didn't.", Carol smiled. "Ali has the car. There she is."
     The small sporty sedan pulled up, and Frank felt a twinge of disap-
pointment that he and Carol wouldn't be able to get steamy all the way
home. He'd planned some interesting things on the plane too.   
     "Taxi Mister?", Ali said cheerfully, popping open the hatchback.
     Frank tossed the bags in the back.  Ali climbed into what passed for a
back seat, sitting across it with her knees bent.  Carol slid into the
driver's seat.  As Frank got in, he seemed to notice Alicia's legs for the
first time, peeking out of her white shorts.  
     "You've been getting a tan haven't you?", Frank said, closing the
door. 
     "What else is summer for?", Alicia laughed.
     They drove off into the night, leaving the bright airport behind. The
air flowing in the open windows felt good, even though the humidity still
made their clothes feel damp and sticky.  Ali was wearing sandals, white
shorts and a simple halter top.  She sat behind her mother, facing Frank in
the front seat.  Frank and Carol talked about his trip briefly, and then
Carol asked if he wanted to stop for something to eat.  
     "God yes!", Frank said. "I'm famished!  How about you guys?"
     "We haven't had dinner yet.", Carol responded. "Anything's fine."
     "Leo's Bar-b-cue??", Alicia said gleefully. Both Carol and Frank
chuckled, remembering that last time Alicia had stared at the cute young
man behind the counter throughout dinner.  
     "Sure.", and "Sounds good." were their replies.
     Carol pulled into the lot and they went in.  Frank admired Carol's
reflection in the windows as they walked up, smiling at her graceful figure
and the way the light dress set it off.  Alicia beat them to the counter,
and seemed somewhat disappointed that an older man was the only one there. 
     They sat on the hard picnic benches inside, eating ribs and chicken,
and Frank asked Ali who was the lastest man in her life.  Ali talked in
animated tones about Steve and his motorcycle.  Carol made some faces
during Alicia's diatribe, and Frank smiled.  A bit later, Carol was talking
about a movie she wanted to see, and Alicia was biting into a sauce covered
rib, when a large reddish drop of barbecue sauce dripped down right between
Alicia's round breasts.  Frank felt a twinge in his groin, his mind quickly
changing the color to white.  Carol hadn't noticed and Alicia wiped it off
with her finger, then licked her finger off.  Frank felt a tightening sen-
sation in his crotch.  
     As they left, Alicia darted back in for a soda, she said, returning
with a paper sack.  In the car, she drank her soda as they headed home. At
home, while Carol and Frank pulled his bags out of the car, Alicia went
inside.  The bags were put in Carol's room, and with Ali in her own room,
they finally kissed passionately.  Frank felt the earlier sensation turning
into a thick erection as Carol pressed her body to his.  
     "Ali has something she wants to show you.", Carol said when they came
up for breath.  
     "Hmmm, can it wait?", Frank smiled, looking into her eyes.
     "I think you'll want to see this.", Carol said, her eyes sparkling.
     Frank took a deep breath and followed Carol into the front room. Carol
called out for Alicia and a moment later her bedroom door opened.  Alicia
walked into the room and Frank took a short breath. 
     Alicia stood before him in a very small orange bikini. Her skin was a
smooth tan everywhere Frank could see.  The bikini was a high-waisted
affair, with a long, thin triangle that dove between Alicia's succulent
legs.  The top seemed to be overwhelmed by her full breasts, with the small
triangles cupping her tits and threatening to slide down, thus exposing her
nipples.  Alicia turned around, smiling from ear to ear, showing Frank the
back.  In back, thin orange strings tied behind her neck and back leaving
her almost completely bare from the waist up.  A very thin string circled
her waist, and a very thin slice of fabric dove down the crack of her ass,
surfacing as the triangle in front.   Alicia's ass was almost completely
uncovered. Both cheeks tauted him as she turned, rippling softly with her
few steps.  Frank felt the firmness growing in his lap.  Alicia turned
around again, still grinning. 
     "You like it?", Alicia asked innocently.
     Frank whistled softly. "Oh to be twenty again...today!"
     Carol laughed with Alicia.  Alicia sat down in a chair opposite Frank
and crossed her legs, giving Frank the impression that she was naked from
the waist down.  
     "It took me a month of nude sunbathing in the back yard so I could
wear this.", Alicia remarked carefully. "No tan lines!" 
     Frank sighed and tried to get comfortable. His growing shaft pressed
against the leg of his slacks when he crossed his legs.  Carol noticed and
put her hand on his thigh, not helping things any.  
     Alicia bounced up and announced that she had to make a phone call,
then jiggled out of the room, walking firmly for Frank's benefit.  
     "She certainly is grown up, isn't she?", Carol said.
     "Humph! OH YES!", Frank said, kissing Carol. "And she knows it."
     "Why don't we sneak into my bedroom while she's on the phone and close
the door.", Carol said. "I'm sure she'll get the idea." 
     They went into Carol's room, and Frank closed the door. When he
turned, Carol let her dress slide to the floor, revealing her nakedness
that she'd concealed under her thin dress. She moved like flowing water to
Frank, and began undressing him.  Frank ran his hands down her sides and
pulled her to him, kissing her passionately.  
     Moments later they were on Carol's bed, with Carol straddling Frank's
mouth with her hips, her mouth wrapped tightly around his shaft.  Frank
heard a small noise and wondered if Ali was listening at the door.  The
thought of her nubile 18 year old body, nearly naked in her suit, fingers
down the front, listening to them gobble each other made his cock throb.
Carol moaned and pressed her hips down on his face and Frank licked and
sucked her flowing pussy.  Carol moaned again, louder, and Frank found it
very erotic, since she was normally quiet. Carol spread his legs and licked
at his balls, the head of his cock pressing against her neck.  Carol
pressed her cunt against his face hard, grinding down and rubbing her wet
pussy all over his face.  Frank felt something on his hand pull it away
from Carol's ass, then tighten around his wrist.  Helpless since he
couldn't see anything but Carol's ass, he found his other wrist similarly
attacked.  Just as suddenly Carol slid down his body, and looped something
over his right ankle, then struggled a moment with his moving left ankle
before it too was encircled.  Carol slid off the bed and stood, and Frank
found himself tied to the bed with firm, yet soft ropes. Standing next to
the bed was Alicia, still in her orange swimsuit and Carol, stark naked.  
     The women looked at Frank, then Carol told him to relax. Alicia moved
to the other side of the bed and while Carol tightened his right side, Ali
tightened the left, until Frank's arms were firmly against the headboard.
They moved quickly, using leather straps to tie Frank's arms to the bed,
then they removed the ropes so his circulation returned to his hands. They
repeated this on his legs.  Alicia knelt over his left leg, facing his
foot, and showing Frank her ass. The small suit covered her openings yet
that made her seem even sexier. Alicia turned around and looked down at
Frank's hard cock. 
     "You weren't exaggerating were you?", She said, running her hand
softly up the length of Frank's thick ten inches. Carol laughed and shook
her head.  Just as she opened her mouth, the doorbell rang.  Carol pulled
on her robe, the light one Frank had given her, and left the room. 
     "Whaddya have planned?", Frank asked Alicia.
     She smiled at him and kissed the head of his cock. "You'll find out!"
she laughed. 
     Frank heard voices coming down the hall, and a blush creeping over
him.  The voices stayed in the hall for long moments, then Carol came into
the room.  She was followed by a small, lovely naked woman who looked a few
years older than Carol, and the woman's equally naked daughter.  The woman
was only about five feet tall, slender, with small mounds for breasts, a
deep natural tan skin, and smooth dark nipples.  The woman's short dark
brown hair gave her a very sensual appearance.  Her daughter was a few
inches taller, with long hair that fell to the middle of her back.  She had
larger, fuller breasts, that hung down slightly, with hard nipples almost
covering their ends. The girl's lighter hair matched the thick tangle
between her lithe legs, and her mouth was a wide, sexy smile. 
     "This is Devra, and her daughter, Rena.", Carol said introducing the
ladies.   
     "I like your suit!", Rena said to Alicia. "When did you get that?"
     "Last month.", Alicia said.
     "Ali, you're still dressed you know.", Carol said, implying it was
rude. 
     Alicia stood up on the bed, straddling Frank's hips and began untying
her suit slowly.  The neck string first, and she held the suit in place
while she undid the back.  She let the warm bra fall onto Frank's torso,
and he jerked slightly.  Alicia looked down at Frank, smiling while her
breasts wobbled slightly.  She used the thumb and forefinger of each hand
tugging slowly on the strings to her bottoms. Frank's eyes were glued to
her body, waiting for the material to fall.  The knots slipped, and the
bottom slid from between her legs, hanging in front of her, obscuring
Frank's view.  Ali dropped the moist, warm fabric onto Frank's crotch and
let him look.  
     "Oh, that's beautiful!", Devra said.
     "Ali, that's so sexy!", Rena added.
     Alicia had shaved her pussy completely, and her tan lightened where
her bush had been. Frank could see her glistening pink cuntlips, and the
tip of her clit pushing out at the top of her slit.  His cock jerked at the
erotic sight.  
     Alicia stepped to Frank's left and stood there, and Rena climbed over
Frank, her hanging breasts dragging across his large, rigid cock.  She
knelt on the bed in front of Alicia and began licking the blonde's naked
pussy, showing Frank her own bushy cunt from behind.   
     Frank's cock stood up at a forty-five degree angle, wavering and
throbbing as he watched the two young girls. Carol and Devra sat on the
edge of the bed, caressing each other while their daughters made sapphic
love.  Frank felt like he would burst with all this hot, womanly flesh
surrounding and ignoring him.  Pre-cum oozed from the head of his cock,
slowly trickling down the side of his shaft.  
     Devra produced a long feather, and began to run it over his balls, up
the underside of his shaft, and then down his thighs.   
     "Relax.", Carol said. "Enjoy the sensual pleasures."
     Frank groaned.
     Alicia and Rena fell into a slow, sensual sixty-nine, and the sounds
of lips smacking against moist pussies forced more pre-cum from the tip of
Frank's thick cock.  Devra knelt and began tracing Frank's body with the
feather, circling his nipples and outlining his chest lightly.  Carol was
lying between Devra's legs, sucking the small woman's cunt with noisy
abandon.  Frank saw the flush in Devra's dark features, the hardness of her
nipples.  On the other side, Rena's hips moved wantonly over Ali's face,
and both girl's full breasts seemed to be squeezed out to their sides.
Rena's were fuller, larger, and one hung along Ali's side, half crushed by
her weight. 
     Devra let out a small cry, then arched her back, laying her head on
Frank's stomach as she came. She shook a few times, and then Frank watched
Carol kiss her friend's pussy and sit up.  Carol's face glistened with
Devra's cream, and Carol moved up and kissed Frank hotly. She rubbed her
face against his, tonguing his mouth fiercely.  
     High-pitched cries and the rocking of the bed from his left made Carol
lift off and they both watched.  Rena and Ali were grinding their cunts
against each other's mouths, bucking hard, making wet smacking noises. Ali
came first, raising her legs and locking them hard around Rena's head. Her
hips rocked upwards and shook as she moaned into Rena's steaming snatch.
Frank could see Rena's thick cream leaking down the side of Ali's flushed
face. Ali lifted her head and sucked, and Rena's body jerked, then began
shaking. Her moans sounded like soft whimpering. Rena's soft round ass
clenched and she sat back, rocking wantonly on Ali's face. She let out a
long, soft "oh", then stiffened and fell limp on top of Ali.  Frank watched
for a few moments as both girl's breathed hard.  
     "Our sexy girls.", Devra said to Carol, running her hand over Carol's
fair skinned ass.  
     Rena rolled off of Alicia, onto her back. Her legs were spread wide
giving Frank a good look at her sopping cunt.  Rena's thighs glistened
wetly, and her tits were covered with sweat.  She smiled, her tongue just
behind her front teeth, making her look sweet and sexy.  
     Ali rolled over and came up to kiss Frank. Carol watched her daughter
shove her cream coated tongue into his mouth, then begin rubbing her tits
against his chest.  Frank tasted Rena's sweet cream, and sucked it from
Alicia's tongue.  Rena was next, and her wide mouth covered his, and she
slid her long tongue into his mouth. She tickled the back of his mouth with
it, and Frank tasted Alicia's cum, sucking the hot girl's slippery tongue
to get every drop.  
     Rena moved away and spread her legs wide, letting Carol begin to suck
her slippery cunt.  Ali moved up and straddled Frank's face, holding
herself just out of reach.  Devra's hand slipped a vibrator into Ali's cunt
and it began to hum. With each full stroke, when it was deep inside Alicia,
Devra's thumb brushed Ali's prominent clit.  Frank watched her pink lips
extend around the vibrator as it slid from her cunt, then disappear as it
was pushed in again. Ali's bare, shaved cunt showed every soft fold of
skin, every spasm of her inner walls. Ali's hips rocked back and forth in
time with Devra's pumping.  Frank looked up to see Devra's lips locked over
Ali's left tit, sucking the nipple out from her breast.  He saw Ali's cream
seep around, then down the vibrator, wetting Devra's hand.  His cock was
about to burst when Ali moaned and shook a few times.  
     Devra removed the vibrator and Ali pressed her bare cunt to Frank's
lips. Frank's tongue lapped at her clit, then her hole as her hips rocked.
She spread her slippery wetness over his face and then grabbed his head and
pressed his face hard against her creaming cunt. 
     "Drink me!", Ali moaned passionately.
     Her cream flowed from her, and Frank sucked and licked it up from her
slick, rocking pussy.  Alicia came for several long moments, then slid off
of him and onto the floor, breathing heavily.    
     Devra mounted Frank's tongue quickly, facing his feet and he sucked
her twat too.  Devra's pussy tasted different, and her coarse hair tickled
his nose.  Devra moaned and Frank felt her spasms with his tongue.  He
shoved his tongue into her pussy and drank her creamy juices until she
crawled away, still jerking from the aftershocks.  
     Rena moved between Frank's legs and licked from his asshole, up under
his balls, and played her long tongue over his aching gonads. She lifted
each one, then let it roll off the side of her tongue. She lifted them both
by snagging her tongue between them and lifting the sac. Frank groaned and
his pre-cum oozed down the underside of his cock.  Alicia came up and
licked the trickle, while their mothers kissed and sucked each others'
nipples alongside the bed.  Frank had to watch, lest this be a dream. Even
if it was a dream, he wanted to remember every second. 
     The two young girls kissed each other over Frank's cock and he felt a
deep, growing urge. His hips arched up to press his cock against the side
of their mouths.  Rena turned and opened her mouth, then in one smooth
motion, lowered her head until her nose rested in his pubic hair.  
     Frank's ten inch cock nestled in Rena's tight throat, and he felt that
he was about to cum.  Rena rocked her head back and forth slightly, and
Frank was sure.  The surge started deep and traveled through him.  Rena
chose that moment to lift up and pinch his cock off with her fingers,
delaying his gusher. Frank groaned again, and his hips rocked.. 
     Rena smiled with a mouthfull of him, and then, fingers still tight
around the base, lowered her lips to meet her fingers. Alicia watched in
awe, and then Rena sat up and kissed her girlfriend.  The girls looked at
him, smiling, teasing him.   
     Carol sized up the situation. "I think he's ready girls.", She said
with a chuckle.  Devra was sitting in Carol's lap now, and they were
kissing and playing with each other's nipples. 
     Rena slid closer to Frank's cock, and Alicia reached down an put
Rena's large tits on either side of his cock.  She pressed them together
and pumped his cock a little while Rena licked her lips and smiled.  Rena
bent her head down sharply and took the head of his cock into her mouth,
her tongue flicking over the sensitive area just below the head.  
     Frank groaned, and rocked his hips lewdly, pumping the head of his
cock into Rena's mouth. His balls rubbed her chest between her tits, and
she sucked him like a soda straw.  Alicia moved down, parted Rena's cheeks
and rimmed the girl's asshole with her tongue. Rena moaned around his cock. 
     This time Frank felt it rising like a tidal wave.  A huge volume
rushing through his crotch, racing for his cock.   
     "Go ahead Frank, cum in her mouth.", Carol said.
     "Rena likes it Frank. Shoot off in her mouth.", Devra added, pulling
on both of Carol's nipples. 
     "Fill her mouth with cum Frank. Let us taste your cum.", Ali urged.
     Rena lifted her mouth and looked right at Frank. "Cum in my mouth."
she said lewdly, "Let me drink your cum." 
     Frank groaned and felt it surging up his cock. A thick fountain of hot
cum jumped out, leaping through several inches of space right into Rena's
open mouth.  The stream gushed for over one second and then she closed her
mouth in reflex.  Frank's cum spurted again, splashing against Rena's lips
and chin, dripping onto her splayed tits.  Frank felt like gallons were
shooting from his cock, right into her face.  Again another long stream of
sperm flew, and Alicia's face was in the way as he leaned down to join in. 
     "Cum on my daughter!", Devra cried. "Cum all over her!"
     Rena's mouth closed on his cock and he felt his jism filling her mouth
with two more long streams.  She pulled back and Ali began pumping Frank's
cock against Rena's neck and tits.  Thick white streams of cum ran down the
girl's dark skin, and dripped from her chin.  Alicia sucked his cock, and
Frank shot two more squirts into her mouth, his balls being drawn up their
channels into his body.   Frank felt like his balls would shoot out next,
and spurted again, this time against Ali's left tit, soaking it with jizz. 
     The cum still trickled out of his cock and the girls rubbed it against
their faces and lips, pumping him for more.  Then they kissed, sharing the
thick cream between them, swapping mouthfuls of cum and letting their
tongues dance in it.  When they parted, they looked at each other wantonly,
then swallowed the thick jism and kissed again. 
     Rena sat up, her heavy tits streaked with Frank's cum. She lifted his
semi-hard cock and sat on it, shoving it up her thoroughly soaked cunt.
Carol got up and began licking one of Rena's tits clean, while Ali did the
other.  Devra came over and licked off Ali's left nipple, sucking the cum
off and laving the girl's tit. 
     Rena rocked and moaned on Frank's cock, feeling it harden again. Frank
was sure that he couldn't cum again, but minutes later, five?, ten? who
knows, Rena got off quickly. 
     "He's gonna cum mom!", She cried.
     Devra slid down and pressed Frank's cock against her chest, rubbing
her daughter's fuck juices over her nipples.  Frank's cock jerked and spurt
thick sperm over her tits, and some in her face.  Devra licked the spurting
cock, oblivious that her face was getting soaked with his jism.  
     Exhausted, Frank lay back and watched the girls lap is cum off of each
other.  It was Alicia who turned to him. 
     "Wanna cum in my cunt now?", She asked, as if she'd asked him if he
wanted coffee. 
     "It'll be a few minutes.", Frank said softly.
     "Aww, gee.", Ali said. "I guess we'll have to start ALLLL over!"
     Frank fainted.
 
-end-
 

