Desert Camping
Copyright (c) 1994 by Buteo


I always enjoyed hiking in the Southwest desert.  I took every chance I
could find to get away from my hectic day to day life and surround
myself with the quiet and desolation of the desert.  It was a typical
test of survival for me.  Somehow, after managing to stay alive in
that extreme environment for a few days, all my problems at home seemed
trivial.

I've hiked in other climates before, but the desert was my favorite.
Even though it reached 100 degrees at times, my sweat evaporated
instantly in the dry air.  It never really felt that hot.  I walked
around wearing nothing but the bare essentials and felt really
comfortable.

Of course the major problem was water.  There was no water in the
desert so I had to carry all my water with me.  It's easy to drink a
gallon a day out there, so that always limited my hikes to 2 or 3 days
maximum.

I finally decided one day to push the limits and try to stay out in the
desert for 4 days in a row.  I wanted to hike where I was sure that I
was not going to see anyone else during that time.

So I took a few days off from work and drove to my favorite national
park during the height of summer.  Few people would bother to go there
in that heat.  Fewer still would leave their car to hike for many miles.

I brought few supplies with me.  I took a small tent, a light sleeping
bag, a stove, a lantern, some gas and food, a pot, a small roll of
toilet paper, and 4 gallons of water.  The pack weighed 40 pounds.

I wasted no time and started on the trail just as the sun rose, before
it got really hot.  It was rough at first, going up steep grades with
such a heavy pack.  But I just reminded myself that the pack's weight
would dwindle to almost nothing by the time I came back. 

The first day was slow and uneventful.  A few dayhikers passed me during
the day, and I saw them on their way back to their cars a few hours
later.  In the late afternoon, I found a good campsite, set up my tent,
and ate dinner.  I watched the shadows of the rocks around me move
slowly as the sun set.  Far away, I saw a few flashes of lightning as a
thundercloud passed by.

The peace was extraordinary.  There was no movement or sound for many
hours.  I didn't want to make any noise myself and destroy the magic
that I felt.

I finally turned on my lantern as it became too dark to see well.  I was
soon visited by a few low flying bats, eager to catch the insects that
were attracted to the lantern.  Some were brave enough to fly within a
foot of my head making me duck.  I laid flat on the ground and enjoyed
the show.

The bats left after a while and I shut off the lantern.  I watched the
stars for another hour.  I have always been amazed at the number of
stars I can see out in the backcountry.  There were no other sources
of light, natural or manmade.  I climbed into my sleeping bag and
quickly fell asleep.


I got up at dawn and started out again as soon as I could to get more
distance.  That day, the only life I saw were a few small lizards and
some hardy birds among the dry brush.  I wondered how they could
survive in this land for their entire lives--much longer than I could.

I set up camp again in the afternoon just as I saw an enormous
thunderstorm approach.  I didn't want to set my tent up in the rain
and get all my equipment drenched.

The storm came and it was stronger than I expected.  The rain pelted
the tent hard.  I was afraid the tent would collapse from the pressure
of the water.  Lightning flashed and the sound of thunder ripped through
the air.  I watched the storm as best I could from inside the tent but
my visibility was reduced to a couple of feet.

The rain let up a little after about ten minutes.  I looked out and saw
rivers appear out of nowhere.  They were carrying water dumped from the
storm from higher elevations.  That's when I had a brilliant idea.

I stripped naked to keep my clothes dry and ran out into the rain
carrying 2 gallon jugs and my pot.  There was no need to be
self-conscious out here.  No one would be crazy enough to stay on the
trail in this weather.  I ran to one of the streams and filled the jugs
to capacity.  I returned to my tent and left the water outside.  I stayed
out and enjoyed the natural shower that rained on my naked body.  

After the storm ended, I put on my clothes and boiled all the water I
collected.  I went to sleep happy.  I was set.  I decided to extend my
trip to 6 days instead of just 4.  I had to stretch my food supply a
little, but I usually brought more than I needed anyway.


Soon after I started out on the third day, the trail ended.  I had a
detailed topographic map of the region with me.  I chose my own path in
the backcountry and decided to go as far as I could that day.

Throughout the day, I thought about how I was probably the first person
to ever walk on this path.  I was totally isolated.  There was no sign
of any person except myself--no signs, no trail, no footprints.

I hiked until the sun was at the horizon.  The sky was clear; it
probably wouldn't rain.  I decided not to bother with the tent that
night.  I wanted to sleep out in the open.  The insects didn't bother me
the past couple of nights.  After a quick dinner in the fading twilight,
I noticed that the air was unusually warm.  I decided to go all the way
and sleep naked under the stars in the sandy soil without a sleeping
bag--just me, the earth, and the sky.

I thought about what I felt as I laid down naked in the sand looking up
at the thousands of stars overhead.  I never slept in the nude before,
let alone in the middle of nowhere.  I felt very vulnerable, like I
removed every last bit of my armor and opened myself totally to the
land.  It was a little frightening to be that exposed, never having
done so in real life.  Finally, I drifted into sleep.


I found myself in a dream.  I was running down a narrow, winding path.
The air was hot and my throat was parched from running so hard.  The
sky had a deep blood red color.

I was running from a dragon.  I looked over my shoulder as I ran.  I
couldn't see it, but I knew it was there.  I kept running.  The ground
became hotter and my feet began to hurt with each step.  I kept running
to keep away from the dragon, but I just couldn't get away.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, the dragon pounced on me from the sky.  We
tumbled on the ground for a few seconds as I franticly tried to escape.
It wrapped its arms around me making sure I couldn't move.  At this
point, I was so scared that I was paralyzed.

I couldn't think of a way out.  I knew my life was over at that point,
but I had a desperate hope that I could somehow get away.  I closed my
eyes and waited to die.

After some time, I realized I was still alive.  I didn't know what the
dragon was waiting for.  I opened my eyes and saw the dragon's head.
It was covered in shadow and I couldn't see it very well.  She was
carefully looking me over.  I then realized that I was totally naked.

Her arms started to slowly move across my body.  She held me tight to
her chest as her scaly arms slid across my back, caressing me.  In my
fright, I was surprised to feel that I was becoming aroused by her touch.

Her arms pressed into my back, her legs wrapped around my torso, and her
tail slid between my legs and up my spine.  I felt encompassed by this
writhing mass of scaly muscle.  She never said a word; she never uttered
a sound.  The air was filled only with the sound of her body rubbing
against mine.  My fright started to slip away and I surrendered myself
to her embrace.

At some point, she pulled me away from her and held me out at arm's
length.  I did not struggle one bit, drugged as I was with pleasure.
I wanted to get closer to her again, but I waited for her to make
the next move.

She placed her head close to my body and started to flick her forked
tongue at my neck.  The light touch of her tongue was extraordinary.
Her head slowly slid down my chest and waist until it reached my waiting
erection.  She stayed there and watched my penis bob up and down,
pleading with her to get some attention.  Finally, her head moved
quickly, engulfing my cock.




I woke suddenly out of the dream, and I was breathing hard.  I looked up
and saw the moon shining in the sky.  I began to remember the dream and
the great feelings I had.  I wished there was some way to get back.  I
noticed that some of what I was feeling right then was a bit too
realistic.  I looked at my body and saw a long snake lying across my
chest and its head firmly attached to the head of my penis!

I screamed and tried to get the snake away from me.  The snake was a bit
startled that its prey was still fighting and it clamped down hard.
That sent tingles of pleasure throughout my body reminding me once again
about the dream.  I stopped fighting and decided to let the snake have
its way with me.

In the moonlight I saw that the snake must have been about 12 feet long.
Its body writhed across mine anxiously as its head tried harder and
harder to take in more of my dick.

I just laid there taking in all the sensations.  It took a while for the
snake to take in my dick.  I could feel the muscles inside his mouth
rhythmically pulling across the skin on my penis.  My arms moved across
the ground; my hands gripped at the sand.

The snake finally hit bottom, but didn't stop trying to get its meal.
It began moving around wondering what it should do.  He slid his body
down to my legs and tried to get under them.  I obliged by lifting my
legs a little.

The snake started wrapping its body around my legs.  It finally wrapped
itself 3 times around my legs and started to squeeze in an attempt to
somehow dislodge its "meal" from my body.  The constriction was
wonderful.  I struggled a bit against him to test my immobility and
found that I could not pull my legs apart at all.  I revelled in the
feeling and closed my eyes, thinking of the dragon fom my dream.

I opened my eyes again and looked at myself.  I imagined that the
entire snake, and everything that I felt about it, the pulsing within
its mouth and its scaly body wrapped around my legs, were part of my
dick.  I thought of my dick as this 12 foot long sliding mass of muscle.
Thinking this and actually seeing it in the moonlight pushed me over the
edge.  I came hard and long into the hungry mouth of the snake.  It was,
without a doubt, the best climax I ever had.

I fell back panting, tired from the experience.  Slowly, I lost my
erection.  The snake probably thought its dinner wasn't worth it anymore
and gave up its pursuit.  It uncoiled its body from my legs and
disgorged my penis.  It left, looking for easier prey.

I laid on the sand, trying to understand everything that happened.  It
was the most intense event that ever happened to me.  I kept thinking
about it, unable to sleep, until the sun rose.

I got up, got dressed, and put on my pack.  It was time to go home.
I looked around for the snake but I didn't see it anywhere.  I pulled
out my map and marked down where I was.  I was certainly going to visit
this place again, sometime soon.



+++++

Once again, this story is fiction.  I don't know enough about snakes
to say whether this scenario is possible or not.  Their teeth are
certainly sharp enough to cause injury.  But a little fantasy never
hurt anybody.
