She went on to say that she wanted to show me a few things about
my body I might not know and what some of the boys might try on
me if I was not careful.

Where did you learn to kiss like this?
I then french kissed her again.
She replied that Mom taught me in the shower the first time?

The first time?
Yes ..... We have shared a lot of showers together since the first
time.

OH! So she touched you like I m doing now the first time in the
shower?
Yes ..... She had me touch her also.

Where?
Her tits and ....... pussy.

WOW!!!! What did you think of that? My cock gave a jump at the
ever thought of my wife Kim and my own daughter Nancy together
in the shower totally nude feeling each other up for the first time.

I would have never dreamed that Kim would really do that, I mean
she was getting our own daughter ready for me in her own special
way. I love her more now than ever before.

It was different at first but now it is a lot of fun to make her jump
like she made me jump. She was smiling and giggling when she said
that.

So you put your finger up inside her pussy like I have my finger in
up inside your pussy now? (I then made a wide circle with my
finger like I was stirring a cup of coffee.) Nancy really jumped and
moved around my lap then. 

My cock swelled up again at the very thought and expelled a huge
drop of precome from the swollen head.

Nancy was really surprised at that move and just said,  OH!!!
DADDDY!!!! She then leaned forward and hugged me while I
continued to stir her virgin pussy. She hugged me tighter and
tighter and then I stopped and let her relax.

I then asked her if she like that?
Oooohhhhh Yes Daddddy I really like that. It felt really good.

So what else happened?
Well we got out of the shower and she dried me off and I dried her
off and she took me back to my room and had me lay down and the
bed and then she .........

She did what?
She kissed me there.

Where in the lips?
No! Down there ....... on my pussy.

OH! I see. She only kissed you once or did she do other things?
She licked me and ........ she .........

What?
She stuck her tongue up inside me and .........

And What?
She gave me a  ........ she made me come. I guess that is what she
called it.

OH OK!!! So did you like her doing that to you? That by the way is
called eating pussy. Don t be shy about it everybody  I mean just
about everybody eats pussy.
At first it was really kind of scary, but then it felt really good and I
didn t want her to stop. Then I had this feeling inside of me I never
ever felt before. That really scared me. But she said it was natural
and that all girls feel the same thing and then it just happened.

I leaned forwarded and Kissed her again and I once again pushed
my finger up against her hymen and held it there. Then when we
broke the kiss I withdrew from her hymen.

I then asked her. Would you like for me to eat your little pussy for
you and make you come too?
She grinned really big and giggled and said. Mom said you would
love to ....... eat my pussy. Yes Daddy I want you to do that to me
too.

I toyed with her and said what? What do you want me to do to
you?
She smiled and then said, Daddy will you please eat my pussy and
make me come like mommy did?

OooooHhhhh! Nancy!!! I hugged her and almost whispered in her
ear. Daddy would love to kiss, lick and eat your little pussy and
make you come, but we still have a ways to go before that. 

I then licked and kissed around her earlobe, below her ear and on
her neck, I even stuck my tongue into her little ear. 

That really got her moving around in my lap and laughing and
saying that tickles too much and to stop. But I keep it up for a
while just to tease her like I always do.

We settled down for a little bit and then Nancy said.  Daddy? When
are you going to ....... you know do it to me?

Nancy Don t be shy come out and just say what you mean. That
way the person you are with knows what you want or knows what
you really mean. OK?

She looked at me directly into my eyes and this time said,  Daddy
...... When are you going to fuck me and stick your cock into my
pussy?

I looked into her eyes and said, In a little while why? Have you
changed your mind?

Ooohhhh No Daddy!!!!  I want to fuck ..... I mean I want you to
fuck me more now than ever before ....... I just feel so strange here
(she put her hand on her lower belly) I feel like I have to go pee or
something ....... I want something bigger in me ..... I mean in my
pussy.

I replied, OH!! Well lets try this first OK? I then withdrew my
middle finger from her pussy and put my index finger and middle
finger together and slid them up inside her pussy. I started out
slowly not wanting to scare her or hurt her.

Her eyes got wide and she took in a small shallow breath and she
shuttered in my lap as my two fingers breached her young pussy
opening. She once again leaned forward and hugged me and
moaned out, 
  OooooHhhhhhhh   Dddaaadddyyyyy  Oohh Oooohhhh I love you.
I love you Daddy!!!  

I slid my two fingers all the way up to her hymen and pushed
against it and held even more pressure against it. I replied,
Oooohhhh Nancy my darling little princess I love you too!!!

I then started to increase my speed of finger fucking her cute little
pussy because I knew she was on the verge of coming for me and
with me for the very first time.

I was actually going to make my very own daughter come. I still
could not believe that I was actually doing all of these things to and
with my own nude 12 year old daughter. I could not count the time
I jacked off in private daydreaming of doing just this to my very
own daughter. Dreaming of the day I would actually have a sexual
relationship with my daughter. I can t remember how many stories I
have read and reread about fathers fucking their daughters for the
very first time or of fathers fucking their daughters for years and
years. Reading of entire families who have taken a giant leap
forward and crossed over the boundaries of the finial taboo (incest)
and have encouraged and developed a completely closed group of
sexual partners within their own family unit.

Once I could only dream of what it must be like to live within a
loving and caring family that enjoyed and encouraged the swapping
and trading off of family members to one another. Were everything
was out in the open and everyone within the family was able and
encouraged to explore the entire range of sexual feeling with one
another without fear or embarrassment.

I once again increased my speed in finger fucking my daughter s
pussy. I was about to bring her over the edge and make her come
on her Daddy s finger while siting in my lap totally nude and
completely exposed to me in every way.

She was now hugging me full time and moaning softly in my ear.
Her arms were wrapped around my back and she was gently
rubbing my back while I was bring her to her first climax with her
Daddy. Her legs were still wrapped around my hips and waist and
she would occasionally grip me tighter and I was bring her to the
point of on return. Her hips were also moving around while I was
plumbing her depths of her young virgin pussy. 

My fingers slid along her clit as I plunged in and withdrew from her
now very wet and juicy cunt. YES!!! Her sweet little virgin cunt
now and forever more will belong to me. I felt a rush of adrenaline
cruise through my body giving me a sense of power and ownership
over my daughters pussy and body. I felt like I was now the master
and she would do my bidding.

But then I realized that my daughter belonged to nobody and I was
not the master or owner of her fine young sexually active body.

In fact the real truth was that she choose me to be her first and I
was the one who should feel privileged in being with her. She
actually wanted me her own father to be the one to take her
virginity and make her into a woman, no make that a young
sexually active beautiful young girl/lady.. My daughter loves me
and cares for me in such a way that she is willing to give herself
completely to her own father to learn about sex and lovemaking.

I will be forever honored and blessed that my own daughter would
allow me to be the one to guide her into womanhood.

Just then Nancy griped me real tight and her whole body seemed to
shank and shudder at the same time her panting breathes stopped
and she just let out a series of strained high pitched moans and then
she froze. Her body hugged mine tightly as she was released with
her first orgasm shared and brought on by her loving father.

I felt her inner pussy muscles grip and release, grip and release and
grip and release around my plunging fingers.

She then sort of relaxed her grip of both arms and legs and leaned
against me more. Outside her body was beginning to relax from
climax but her pussy muscles inside her young cunt was still griping
and releasing around my fingers.

I smiled to myself as her head was resting on my chest and
shoulder. I felt proud and excited that my daughter had a orgasm
and she really came. I made my own daughter come with my fingers
and she enjoyed what I am was doing to her.

I was also smiling because I felt what she was doing to my fingers
inside her young cunt and knew that my cock would thoroughly
enjoy the sensation of her young virgin pussy griping and relaxing
and griping again and again on and along my cock while I fucked
her to completion. YES!!!! Her young innocent virgin pussy knew
by instinct alone how to grip a hard male cock inside her pussy and
milk the come right out of a cock. Her young adolescent body and
mind may not know to much about sex and fucking but her body
knew for sure how to mate and breed with a male.

She was coming down from her climax high and I slowly withdrew
my two wet juicy fingers from her pussy and she then lean back
always and looked at me directly into my eyes. We just stared into
one a another s eyes not saying a single word. At the same time I
brought my come coated fingers up and placed then against her
own lips and rubbed her come across both her lips from one side to
the other side and then back to the middle of her lips.

As if on que she opened her mouth slightly and snaked her tongue
out and licked around my fingers. I then inserted the same two
fingers that were just shortly inside her young pussy into her mouth
and she closed her lips a bit and sucked my fingers into her mouth
and her tongue began to lick all round my fingers like it was my
cock in her mouth.

I then smiled and knew that my lovable wife (Kim) had indeed
taught my beautiful young daughter Nancy to do the same thing
that she does when I make her come with my finger, cock or dildo.
My daughter Nancy was doing the exact same thing my wife does.
She was licking and cleaning her own come off of the thing which
brought her to orgasm. My own 12 year old daughter was
following in her moms own footsteps and eating and licking her
own come from my fingers. She was experiencing her own essences
and enjoying her own flavor of her pussy. She was in fact tasting
her own pussy and licking her own come from my very fingers.

It was like seeing my own wife Kim inside my daughters 12 year
old body, doing things that only she and I shared and she thought
enough of me to teach and share these techniques with our
daughter.

Nancy opened her mouth slight and I could see her tongue slither
around my fingers and then her tongue come out and moved around
outside of her mouth, just like Kim does to me.

I though that Kim must have really taught and practiced a lot with
Nancy for her to do the same thing. I was also thinking what
Nancy s cute little mouth, lips and tongue will feel like when she
sucks my cock for the first time, Will she let me shoot off into her
mouth just like Kim does? WOW!!!!

I pulled my fingers from her mouth and she sexily licked her lips
clean of her own pussy juice and come, never once breaking eye
contact.

Then before I knew it she was placing her fingers against my lips
just like I did to her. She softly coated my lips with her own
essences, from one side to the other and again stopped in the
middle again just like I did to her.

I did not see her move her small hand down to her pussy and push
them up inside her pussy to coat them with her come.

It was almost scary because she was doing the exact same thing
Kim and I do. It was like Kim was now inside this young virgin
body. My wife was now a 12 year old virgin. I cleared my head of
these thoughts and realized that Kim had done such a great job in
teaching her (our) daughter some of the things that really turn me
on.

I responded by doing the same thing and licking her fingers clean
and sucking her fingers into my mouth.

After I did my duty and cleaned her fingers clean. I then forward
some more and this caused Nancy to lean backwards. I had one arm
wrapped around her back for support and gently laid her down on
her back.

Her legs were still wrapped around my waist and as she settled
down fully on her back I was now crouched over her. I was now in
the position to lay down on top of her and slide my cock up into her
virgin pussy and take her cherry. But I though I should at least taste
her sweet virgin pussy first before it has been entered by any male
cock.

I backed away and backed down toward her spread out legs and
looked at the young innocent virgin pussy completely spread open
in all of it glory before me.

I was just starting to move into position to start eat out my
daughter s pussy when she said,  Daddy? 

 Yes, Sweetheart?  I replied and looked up at her directly into her
eyes.

 Mom told me to tell you to look in the bottom dresser drawer
now. 

My eye got bigger and I just said,  OH? 

Nancy giggled and smiled her big innocent smile but she had a glean
in her eyes that held a mischief side also.

I then crawled over to the side of the bed and put my feet on the
floor and walked over to the dresser drawer. I stopped for a
moment and looked back over my shoulder and saw Nancy laying
on her side with her head up resting on her hand and her elbow
resting on the bed. Her top leg was bent at the knee and her foot
was on the backside of her lower straight leg at about her knee
joint. It looked like she was posing for a magazine layout.

The way her breasts were tilted toward me and her pussy was
clearly visible to my stare. I looked at her and thought to myself
that Nancy was definitely going to grow up and be a real
heartbreaker. Her young body held so much promise as to what will
be. I then thought heartbreaker hell she will break my heart first.

She was just smiling at me and then she said,  Daddy? The bottom
draw on mommy s side.  That broke me out from my thoughts and
I turned back around and bent down and slid open the bottom
drawer.

Normally she had her sweatpants and jogging stuff and old sweat
shirts she wears around the house when doing dirty work. But the
drawer is totally empty of her clothes.

Instead I find my old trusty S.L.R. Camera, flashgun, compact
collapsible tripod, my 2 extra lens and filter, and five rolls of
400a.s.a. color film 36 exposures each. There was also another
envelope sealed with my name on it.

I reach down and get the envelope first and stand back up and I
look over at Nancy and she is still in the same pose. I turn back
towards her and I say,  Do you know about all of this?  She just
smiled and said,  Open it Daddy! 

I walk over to the bed and sit down and begin to open the
envelope.

Inside was another computer typed letter addressed to me.

It read:

Things must be going pretty good so far if you are reading this
letter.

I found your pictures of You and Kristy.

Take some of Nancy for me and for you to add to your collection
of  Our Real Life Family Incest Pictures  not to mention kiddie
porn pictures.

Mike ....... Please don t be mad at me PLEASE? The pictures that
you took of you and Kristy were the most erotic and sensuous
pictures I have ever seen.

I have been masturbating myself for over three months looking at
them. You really knew how to capture the moment of pure love
and lust. I m really surprised you have not missed them by now, but
don t worry, I love you more now than ever before.

I have a special surprise for you.

Go into my closest and there is a large box at the back of the
closest on the top self. Please get it down and bring it back to bed
with you.

Always my love and lust for you my beloved husband, friend and
lover.

Kim.


I was totally shocked at what I just read. I was scared, upset, mad,
pleased ......... I think I went through every emotion possible and
just a blink of an eye.

I looked over at Nancy and she was almost in the same pose but
now she was playing with her breasts when I looked at her but
when I continued to look at her, her hand that was playing with her
now rigid nipple slid down to her pussy and she started to play with
herself. She was smiling at me and I first had a straight face or
maybe a slight frown but just looking at her bright lovely eyes I
once again started smiling.

I got up off the bed and put the letter and the envelope on top of
the dresser drawers and walked over to the other side of the room
where her closet is and open the door and turned on the light and
went back to the back and got the big box down from the top self
and walked back out of the closest and walked over to the bed and
set the box on the bed.

I again looked over at Nancy and said,  Do you know about this
too?  She just giggled and smiled some more and just said,  Open it
up Daddy! 

It was only after I asked her that question and got her reply did I
then notice that she was openly masturbating with two fingers in
her pussy. I just stared at her slowly moving fingers, going in and
out of her pussy. 

She withdrew her fingers and brought them out and up to her own
mouth and I followed her hand till I saw her face and she was
looking directly into my eyes. She then did what Kim has done
some many times for me. Nancy put on a show of her licking and
sucking her own pussy juices clean from her fingers.

My cock was only half hard but seeing this, it swelled up to a rock
hard shaft faster than I have seen or felt it do for over 15 years.

She slowly cleaned her fingers of her juices and made a slight
purring sound, like a large cat purring. Now this was totally new to
my ears and my cock swelled up even bigger to the sound that she
was making.

She then totally shocked my by saying,  Uuuuummmm Daddy ......
I taste pretty good. ............ Do you want to taste me again?  She
then giggled and I watched her slide her hand down and her fingers
back up into her pussy and she stroked herself about five times and
pulled her fingers out of her pussy and stretched her had and arm
out to me.

I started to move toward her on the bed but she with drew her hand
and giggled some more and had this really mischievous look in her
eyes. Then she said,  Not till you open the box and look inside. 
She once again brought her hand and fingers up to her face and
mouth and started to lick her fingers clean of her juices all the while
looking at me and smiling and teasing me.

I thought to myself,  FUCK!!!!! She is worse than Kim or Kristy
ever thought of being at teasing me. Kim really taught her well. 



