Deal
by deirdre

Caught!  That's the only way to describe it.  My wife, Jennifer, said 
she had to shop for some clothes, and we were at the mall, so I 
ended up accompanying Jennifer at the clothing store.  Waiting, over 
and over, for my wife to try on yet another outfit.  Caught.

Oh, she was happy to ask my opinion about each item she tried on, 
and I did my best to offer her the kind of advice she sought, but still 
I sat there a lot thinking about being outside--anywhere but there.  
She did try on a few rather sexy dresses, and soon she tried on some 
swim suits.  Jennifer is great to look at, and I have to admit I did 
enjoy watching when she came out in some of those suits.  The 
saleswoman was picking out suits for Jennifer to try on--she had 
picked out some of the sexier dresses too--and Jennifer seemed to 
go along with it and it looked to me like she was enjoying the effect 
that the show was having on me.

Then once when Jennifer was in the dressing room, the saleswoman 
edged up to me and said "Do you mind if I make a try for her?"  It 
took a few seconds for me to digest that, coming right out of the 
blue.

"What?" was my brilliant reply.

"Do you mind if I make a try for her?  Please?  I'll make it worth 
your while."

"She's not into that."

"Just say I can try.  Please?  I'll make sure you don't regret it... 
Please?"

"Well, you can try," was my final pronouncement.  I thought about 
how quickly Jennifer would drag me out of there if the woman really 
did it.  I glanced at the woman.  She was a little shorter than 
Jennifer and had dark hair--almost black--and seemed to be in her 
thirties though she was quite attractive.  A lesbian.  I was intrigued.

Then Jennifer came out in another swimsuit: a one-piece that was 
cut pretty high in the leg.  She did look delicious.  I surreptitiously 
glanced at the saleswoman.  Now that I looked for it, I could see that 
she was entranced.  She had another swimsuit in her hand, a little 
white bikini, and finally she told Jennifer the suit looked great, and 
then pressed the bikini into her hands.

As soon as Jennifer was back into the changing room, the woman 
told me to come with her and dragged me through a door into the 
stock room.  She took me to a spot next to some boxes and told me to 
wait there.  Then she went back out.  I waited there, wondering.  In a 
minute, she came in another door to the stock room which apparently 
came from the changing rooms.  She was drawing Jennifer with her.   
"Here, I'll fix this," she said and she was adjusting Jennifer's suit, 
pulling here and moving a strap there.  I couldn't believe how much 
she could get her hands on Jennifer in such a natural way!

Then she told Jennifer that she should wear a different top with it, 
and in a second, she had Jennifer's top off!  She looked around as if 
to make sure no one was around, and then told Jennifer that she'd be 
back in a second.  Then she was gone!

Jennifer had her arms crossed to cover her breasts, and she looked 
very uncomfortable.  She looked around, nervously.  Then the 
saleswoman was back with another top.  She was immediately 
behind Jennifer, putting in on her, and as soon as she had it on, she 
had her arms underneath Jennifer's adjusting it.  Then she said 
Jennifer should have a different bottom.  She dashed out again, 
leaving Jennifer there and was back in seconds.  Once again, Jennifer 
looked very self-concious waiting for her there, though now she had 
a full swimsuit on.  When the saleswoman got back, she very quickly 
had Jennifer's bottom off!  I don't think Jennifer knew what was 
coming!  The woman held the new bottom up as if she were seeing 
what it would look like on Jennifer, and then was putting it on her, 
herself.  She adjusted it a bit, and smoothed it down, and then all of 
the sudden, her fingers were inside the front.  And the fingers of her 
other hand were inside the back.

"Hey!"  Jennifer didn't say it too loud, but she sounded surprised and 
alarmed.

"Relax," said the saleswoman.  She seemed completely unconcerned, 
but very serious and as if she meant business.  Jennifer still looked 
alarmed, but in seconds she was breathing hard and as I watched her 
face, it melted from alarm into a faraway stare with her mouth 
hanging open.  She looked as if she were in a trance.  The bottom 
came off again and I could see that the woman was pushing fingers 
into Jennifer's cunt while fingering the top of her slit.  Her other 
hand was on Jennifer's ass and it looked like she was pushing a 
finger into Jennifer's rear.  Jennifer just kept staring into space as 
her breathing became heavier and heavier.  Suddenly the woman 
lifted one hand and grabbed Jennifer's head and pulled it to her own 
and they were kissing.  The woman was obviously taking the lead and 
still had her other hand between Jennifer's legs.  Jennifer was 
breathing so hard, she was having trouble keeping up the kiss.  Her 
eyes were closed and she looked like she would fall down if the 
woman didn't have her hand behind her neck pulling her into the kiss.  
Finally, I could tell Jennifer was coming and the woman pulled her 
into a one-armed hug.  Jennifer's arms were still at her side and she 
was still wearing just the bikini top.

In a minute, the woman got Jennifer standing on her own feet again 
and told her she had better hurry and get dressed or her husband 
would be wondering what became of her.  She practically pushed 
Jennifer back into the dressing room and then quick as a flash, she 
was over to where I was crouching and watching from my hiding 
place.

"Stand up, quickly!" she said in a hurried whisper.  When I stood up, 
she was immediately on her knees in front of me, and had unzipped 
my pants.  She had my cock in her mouth in seconds and was sucking 
on it hard and bobbing her head back and forth.  She stopped to lick it 
a couple of times.  And I was hard, and she could get it down her 
throat and it was amazing!  In seconds, I was coming and she 
swallowed without hesitating.  Then she licked and sucked it clean, 
and put it back and zipped my pants and pushed me out.  On the way 
out she said in a low voice: "You should be fucking her ass.  Every day 
if you can manage it."

I was back out before Jennifer was finished getting dressed.  She 
came out and both the woman and I were casually standing around.  
Jennifer ended up buying one of the dresses she had tried on before 
the swimsuits.  When we left, the saleswoman told us to make sure 
we come again soon.
