
                          Death Dildo   


                           by Neceros

 Fade in
 Exterior
 Night, foggy
 Car driving along a lonely stretch of two lane blacktop.
 
 Cut to
 Interior
 A beautiful brunette.
 She has high cheek bones,magnificent green eyes and thick natural brows.
 She wears a pair of ivory earring and matching necklace.
 She is wearing an off-white business suit, white blouse tie and
 white high heels.
 She is driving , her mind seems far away.
 
 Cut to
 POV out the windshield of car
 There is a blur of motion.
 
 Close-up
 Woman's face, surprise. She is jamming on the brakes.
 A thumping noise.
 
 Long shot
 Exterior
 The car comes to a sliding halt.
 
                        Woman's Voice
 
                        Shit!
 
 Close up
 Car door opens, white high heels meet the pavement.
 She is slim and tall.
 Camera follows the high heels as she walks past front of car. 
 She walks up to a body. A man.
 Clad in black running shorts,t - shirt, and running shoes.
 Woman stands by body.
 
                         Woman
                         Son of bitch?
 
 Medium shot
 She grabs body by the feet and drags it with difficulty to side of road.
 She rolls the body down into a ditch. She looks up and down the road.
 No body in sight. She goes down into the ditch.  Rolls body on its back.
 She takes the guys pulse. 
      
                         Woman
                         Shit.
 
 A beat
 She is stares at the crotch area. She run runs her hand over the bulge
 in the shorts. Smiling she slips the waistband down with difficulty.
 The guy is wearing an athletic supporter. She grabs it pulling it aside
 exposing the guys cock. Her slim hand pulls up the guy's dick.
 She holds it stretching it up.
 
                   Woman
                   Too bad. Could have had use for that tonight.
 
 Medium shot
 Drops the guys dick back. Raises up. Walks back to the car.
 
 Long shot
 Gets into car . Drives away.
 
 Fade out
 
 Fade in
 Interior
 Close shot
 A table with a big black dildo on it
 and a device that looks like a remote changer for a TV except that
 it just has one button and a short antenna.
 
 Pull back 
 A gloved pair of hands places a vial and syringe on the table
 with the dildo. Close-up on the vial.
 It says Purssic acid. The needle of the
 syringe pierces the rubber top of the vial and the syringe is filled.
 Then the dildo is opened up and the syringe is placed in it.
 Turning the dildo around for the the camera there is a knob on the 
 bottom and there is a  small hole in the top of the dildo.
 The dildo is placed in a box.
 
 Fade out
 
 Fade in
 Interior
 A tastefully decorated apartment.
 The woman comes through the door.
 (Its the same woman in the car,still dressed the same.)
 She is carrying an arm load of mail and her briefcase.
 She sets the mail down and a long package slides on the floor.
 She picks it up and looks at it curiously.
 She opens it and finds a large black vibrator dildo.
 She looks at a piece of paper that falls out.
 
 Insert
 A printed message that says "Killer Cucumber, a multispeed vibrator.
 Produces vibrating penetration for really deep thrills.
 Special feature for an awesome experience at climax"
 
 Cut to
 
 Woman laughing.
 She stops.
 She looks at the dildo, it seems to hold a curios attraction for her.
 
 Fade out
 
 Fade in
 
 Interior
 Bedroom of the apartment.
 Woman is undressing. She takes off her skirt.
 She is wearing a frothy white half slip.
 
 Cut away
 Exterior
 Medium Shot
 From the back.
 A figure wearing a black ski mask , black turtle neck and black pants.
 He spying through the woman's bedroom window.
 
 Cut to 
 Close up
 White high heels. 
 Pull back slowly, pan up.
 Cut to
 Close up
 Thumbs tucked into top of slip. Slowly slide it off.
 Camera follows.
 Bottom of a white lace trimmed bustier, grater straps frame a beautiful
 slim hips and a tuft of black pubic hair since she is not wearing 
 panties.
 Down top of creamy trim thighs to the tightly buckled tops of
 grey tone hosiery. On down, she lifts her high heels to steps out of the 
 slip.
 
 Cut to
 Close-up
 Eyes looking between the half drawn blinds of the bedroom.
 
 Cut to
 Close-up 
 Girl undoes the tie and starts to unbutton the blouse. 
 Pull back to medium shot
 The white bustier is strapless and the top of well shaped breasts press
 upward from the push up demi-cups.
 The rest of the bustier is an extravagance of lace and dainty ribbon 
 trimmings.
 
 Long shot
 Girl walks over to dresser and picks the dildo up. She holds it up to
 her nose and sniffs it. She looks at the thing quizzically.
 She takes dildo with her and sits on the bed.
 She brushes the tip of the dildo on her inner thighs.
 She is getting excited. 
 She lays back on the bed stretching raising her right leg slightly.
 She moves the dildo across the top of her stomach,
 she circles the arch her mound of venus with it brushing it through
 her pubic hair. 
 
 Close-up
 With her left hand she opens the lips of her vagina
 and grazes the tip of the dildo against her clitoris. 
 
 Pull back to a medium shot
 (Angle is up her legs with her pussy and face in view.)
 With a sharp intake of breath she begins to move her hips rhythmically 
 upward.
 She inserts the dildo deeper and deeper into her vagina.
 
 Cut to 
 Eyes looking through window half open window blinds.
 Close up
 A gloved hand removes the small transmitter and palms it.
 Thumb poised over the red button.
 
 Cut to long shot.
 Woman is slowly rolling upward against the dildo working it into her.
 
 Slowly move in to medium shot.
 She moves the dildo in her getting more and more excited.
 She arches her back. Slowly the top of the bustier slips down,
 first one nipple appears then the other, and finally the material slips
 slowly off her breasts.
 Fine well formed breasts are released from the cups.
 Nipples stand hard with excitement.
 
 Medium shot
 (Her face and the inserted dildo both in view)
 (The following goes on for several minutes)
 She is bucking and moaning and tossing her head from side to side.
 Her breath comes in gasps. She pushes her heels against the bed
 the musculature of lovely legs rippling.
 Bitting her lower lip a violent shudder runs through her.
 She gasps in an exhilaration of pleasure.
 At a spasm she thrusts the dildo deep into herself shoving it from the
 bottom.
 
 Cut to
 Exterior
 Close up
 Hand held transmitter. Thumb hesitates a second then closes the button.
 
 Close up
 Her face.
 As a spasm of pleasure washes her face it changes to a quizzical
 look of pain.
 
 Medium shot
 She pulls the dildo out. Brings it up to her eyes.
 A needle protrudes from the tip. 
 
 Close up 
 Top of dildo. Needle gleams in the light.
 A small bead of clear fluid drools from the top.
 
 Medium shot
 She flings the dildo away.
 She cups her twat with her hands. Her eyes are wide in terror.
 
 Long shot
 She slides around sitting on the bed reaching for the telephone on
 the night table. With trembling finger she punches two buttons,
 but in an involuntary jerk she drops the phone. 
 Her breathing is slow and difficult. 
 She tries to pickup the phone but is seized with
 an involuntary spasm.
 She tries to stand but is overcome by another paroxysm
 and falls back on the bed.
 She pitches back on the bed clutching her throat.
 
 Cut to 
 Eyes looking through the blinds.
 
 Medium shot
 Woman's face is contorted, eyes with widely dilated pupils.
 She still has hands about her throat. 
 She is pitching her breasts the nipples still stiff whip
 from side to side in the air.
 
 Cut to a long shot
 She drives the back of her high heels into the bed,
 her head jerks back her body arches so her body rests
 on head and heels only.
 Her arms splay out. She shakes her breasts and thrusts her hips.
 She makes gasping and gurgling sounds.
 
 Cut to close up.
 Slow motion.
 Her face is a spasm of terror. She starts to foam at the mouth,
 the spittle is flicked with blood. She shakes her head for side to side.
 Earrings and necklace flail in the air.
 Flecks of the foam fly about in slow arcs.
 
 Cut to
 Medium shot
 Black clad figure opens and climbs through window.
 Walks over to convulsing woman.
 Takes out an erect prick and begins to jack off
 
 Cut to
 Long shot
 Slow motion
 
 She is seized by more violent and convulsive movements.
 She flops so her head and shoulders now come off the bed. 
 Her hips are still on the bed.
 She had reached the final asphyxiated stage.
 Into death spasms.
 
 Cut to medium shot 
 Slow Motion
 (Down her legs)
 
 She almost falls completely from the bed,
 only calves and feet are still there. 
 In a spasm she drives her heels into the bed
 arching her hips upward and pisses.
 The yellow stream bowing through the air,
 splashing onto her body and soaking the carpet.
 
 Move in slowly to close up
 Her face.
 She is making weak croaking sounds. The intruders legs come into view
 and he squats over her face. She is sucking air, her mouth open,
 foaming.
 
 (Pull back shot from her face,guy sitting on her upper chest,
 her breasts poking out over the rucked down bustier top ,
 past her pussy , along the smooth thigh
 and tightly gartered stocking tops.
 She lies , right high heeled foot on the bed, left on on the floor
 ,left knee doubled inward.
 She reposes on her back a pool of piss drips off the extreme lower
 part of her stomach. Weak spasms still shake her body.)
 
 Close up
 Guy rubs the tip of his hard cock on her cheeks just under her wide
 open wild eyes.
 With a gloved hand he wipes the foamy drool away from her mouth.
 Using his fingers he preys her slack mouth open.
 He slowly pushes his prick into her mouth, her teeth scrape
 the top of his brick hard cock.
 He positions him self and drives the long hard member
 down her throat his balls bouncing on her chin.
 
 Close up
 He continues fucking her in the mouth while her dying eyes
 stare into his crotch.
 In her last death throes she is jerking her head forward in a gag 
 reflex.
 After several minutes the guys breath is coming in shorter intakes. 
 
 Close up
 Slow Motion
 He starts to come in her mouth just as she breaths her last
 her eyes become transfixed in a stare of terror and surprise.
 He pulls his dick back a gooey film surrounding his stiff member.
 A long rope of cum connects to her mouth, breaks.
 His cum leaps out in long pearly streamers arcing slowly
 in the air and criss-crossing a beautiful cheek.
 Matting her eyelashes.
 
 Medium shot
 Slow motion
 
 He grasps her behind the head and finishes by forcing his throbbing
 cock back down her throat in the last spasms of his climax.
 
 Long shot
 He puts his dick back in his pants.
 Picks up the dildo puts into package,takes it.
 He takes a last look at the dead woman. 
 Takes a business card out of a pants pocket.
 
 Insert
 Card reads 'Retribution Inc.'
 
 Medium shot 
 He squats by the woman.
 Brushes the card up her inner thigh
 then inserts the card part way in her pussy.
 Long shot.
 He leaves through window.
 
 
 Close up
 Dead woman's face in profile, her head inclines slowly to the side till
 she faces the camera her face glistens with cum and she drools semen as
 she stares, in death, into the camera.
 
 Camera pulls slowly back, out and down her body,
 framing the whole dead woman.
 
 Fade out.
 
 End
