The Debbie Letters to Aquavite, posted by Aquavite

[The following series of email letters comes from a person I identify as 
"Debbie", who first emailed me after reading my posts at Patches' Place. We 
have continued an email correspondence for awhile now. I have edited (only 
for clarity)  many of her letters, and with her permission I am posting them 
for all to enjoy. Debbie (and I) would love both general and specific 
responses to her letters. Email me (aquavite@sirius.com) with any and all 
comments and reactions, and I will pass them along to her. All I know about 
Debbie is that she emails me and I her.]

Debbie One

Dear Aquavite,

I'm a new user and wanted to send you this to let you know that even though
girls wetting their panties is a big turn on for you, for some of us its a
real problem.  It happens to me a lot, never really on purpose unless I know I
have no other choice.  So it may excite you but I wonder if you really know
that this happens to a lot of us girls and how embarrassing it can be.  BTW,
my name is Debbie, and I'm a 5'2" 29 year old long haired brunette.  Most guys
think I'm cute and have a pretty good body (if that helps you visualize
things).

I'm not sure how many of your stories are true but I know some of them are
because the same things happen to me, especially the ones about Joanne.  I
could really relate to her.   From wetting my panties in grade school, in
high school during cheerleader practice, to when I wet myself at McDonalds and
everybody saw, to wetting my panties in college during class, at the library,
at my sorority, at a frat party, at a football game, today when I'm stuck
in traffic or stuck in a meeting taking notes for my boss or even at my
tennis class.  Like Joanne, most are just mini accidents but a few were major
ones.

It used to really upset me but now except for the embarrassment I don't mind
it as much because it happens enough that I'm used to it.  I used to try to
bring a clean pair of panties with me in my purse so that I could change into
them but that didn't always work so now I think its easier just to wear them
wet and let them dry (like Judy).  Is Joanne carrying a clean pair with her
like you suggested?  I've learned to wear short lightweight skirts or dresses
never with nylons so that when I have my mini accidents I can easily lift or
adjust my skirt so it won't get wet and my accident won't be noticed by
others.  Jeans and tight shorts are terrible for that (though thin nylon
running shorts are OK which I know from experience).  Sorry, cotton panties
are a no no because they absorb way to much and take too long to dry.  Besides
I much prefer the feel of silk, satin, or nylon panties.  They are so much
cuter on and I love the way the silk gathers between my legs and around my
bottom.

So my problem isn't wetting my panties, its getting caught.  See, when I was
growing up my stepfather would spank me whenever I misbehaved which included
wetting my panties.  So I was regularly spanked through high school.  Then
when I moved in with my boyfriend Dave and told him about my stepfather, he
soon started spanking me too.  So I've been spanked most my life but always
on my panties but it still hurts and is even more humiliating.  So I get
spanked now for wetting my panties probably more than anything else.  The
hard thing is to not let Dave find out because then I really get it and not
always in the privacy of our home.  He'll sometimes check the laundry basket
to see if my panties are yellowed or even just stick his hand up my skirt and
feel them to see if I've wet them.

He loves to see me in little girlish panties like bikinis in white, yellow,
pink, baby blue, with and without flowers, with frilly lace around the legs
and waist and little bows in front (get the picture?) He also loves to show
me off in public when we go out by dressing me in short lightweight skirts
and picking out my panties (like you and Sara) .  He usually picks out white
or white with flowers which makes it even more noticeable when I have an
accident.  Then he really gets off on discretely sliding my skirt up, front
or back, so that my panties will peak through and others will see.  I have to
admit that I get turned on to by knowing that other guys can see my panties
so I just sit there and act like nothings going on.  Besides, I tried to pull
my skirt back down once, and got spanked later that night.  He also likes it
when I wear a cute little lacy bra under a wide open unbuttoned blouse tied
at the waist to show it off.  Then when its time for bed, he wants me in
panties only and just like Sara I don't always make it to the toilet on time
in the morning which means another spanking.  

Anyway, I'm glad that this kinda stuff is a big turn on for you but its a
problem for me.  Next time you fantasize about it just picture me getting
spanked. 

========

Debbie Two

I didn't think you'd actually respond but I'm glad to see that your a little
sypathetic to us girls who can't help wetting our panties.  I think its so
much easier for guys to hold it in than it is for girls and I don't think
many guys realize this. But thats why all girls' panties are double lined with
cotton between the legs because its really hard to make it to the toilet
without at least wetting our panties a little.  It really is.  And I guess
some girls do it on purpose because they get turned on by it.  Not me, I just
have trouble controlling it and I guess my judgement isn't the best either
because I always seem to think that I can make it on time.  Most guys don't
seem to understand that including Dave.  Thats why he spanks me everytime he
finds out that I've had one of my accidents.  And if it wasn't for the
spankings, I probably wouldn't mind the mini accidents at all.  After all,
thats what panties are made for and I'm gonna change into a clean pair
tomorrow right? But its the major accidents that are so upsetting to the
point that I cry whenevey they happen because there so embarrassing and I
know I won't be able to hide it from Dave which means a major spanking.

"Is the story about Sara true?  [I wrote Debbie a description of my 
girlfriend, Sara, who also often has mini-accidents and occasionally some 
major ones, and sometimes wears short skirts and semi see through clothes.]  
I'd really like to know.  I read it again and really identified with her 
(morning accidents, "Its hard for a girl...", the way she dresses, etc.).  
I'd love to hear more about the other public  displays of her panties since 
Dave loves to do that to me and I kinda get a little turned on by it to.  
What were those other times like?  Does she also like knowing that her 
panties are showing and that guys are checking her out?"

Just about everything I wear is from Victorais Secret.  My favorite by far is
their silk string bikinis.  There so cute on!  And size small fits me
perfectly.  (Right now I'm wearing a soft peach pair under my dress. Does
that excite you to know that?)  Does JoAnn or Sara wear these?  I have lots
of them but I love the white and white with flowers ones the best (so does
Dave).  I just wish they didn't stain so easily whenever I have an accident.
 And I'd probably wear more cotton if they didn't absorb so much.  Victorias
Secret has a really cute line of cotton string bikini panties called the
Ashley Collection with lots of pretty prints that I wish I could wear.  Do
you know if JoAnn or Sara wear these?  I bet they would look real cute in
them.  But I still think silk, satin, nylon, lace trim, etc. feel and look
much more feminine and little girlish.

Dave has no problem spanking me in public.  Once was infront of his friends
outside a club we all went to one night.  He was a little drunk and got real
angry at me.  Another time was at the airport with total strangers watching.
 No, he doesn't like it at all when I wet my panties.  That's why he spanks
me everytime it happens. But I think he must like spanking me.  I can't say
that I like to be spanked because it really hurts (my bottom gets pretty red
especially if I've wet my panties before my spanking) and its so humiliating
I cry everytime he does it.  But when I think back at the times I've been
spanked in public (by Dave and my stepfather) I like the thought of people,
especially strangers, seeing my panties (this is really awkward for me to
tell you all this).  I can't remember ever wetting my panties while being
spanked since thats often what I'm getting spanked for.  But I'm sure it
happens alot.  I really think theres lots of girls my age who either wet
there panties or get spanked by there boyfriends or husbands and that most
people don't know about it or pretend not to know about it because its
usually a private thing don't you agree?  Do you know any girls like me who
get spanked regularly for wetting their panties?  I'd like to know if it
happens to others because I know girls who occasionally wet themselves but we
never talk about being spanked.

What other times have you showed off a girl?  I wonder if there similar to
what Dave's done with me. I bet you would like showing me off to wouldn't you?
 If so, how would you do it? 

So you want more detail?  Honestly, I'm a little embarrassed.  I'm also
afraid that you might make some of my accidents available for everyone to
read which I really don't want to happen.  And I'm afraid that my screen name
will get out and others will start sending all kinds of porno material.  If
Dave were to ever find out about any of this, I can't even imagine what my
punishment would be like.  Probably several public spankings knowing him plus
other things I haven't imagined.  I only wrote to you because your stories
seemed more real than alot of the others.  So I'll only tell you more if you
really promise to not let any of this stuff happen, OK?  Promise?  And let me
know what accident you want to hear about.  A highschool one, a college one,
one that I got spanked for?  I don't know what you'd like to hear about.  

========

Debbie Three

Dear Aquavite,

I didn't think you'd write back because I bet you get hundreds of letters
like these from girls with this problem [aquavite: I wish], and I just 
wanted you to know how embarrassing and upsetting it can be for girls.  

I found you by doing a search to find out about other girls like me and info
on what I can do about the major accidents.  I found info on protective
underwear but those sound so unattractive and unflattering to me that I think
I'd rather just continue wetting the cute panties I wear now.  One girlfriend
who also occasionally wets herself said she wears 2 pairs of panties.  I've
always thought that would look weird though if anyone were to see.

All my accidents are "desperate" because I'm not near a toilet or can't get
to one or I misjudge how much time I have or I just can't control it.
Sometimes it comes on so fast that I start going a little before I can do
anything about it. I guess that's just part of being a girl.

So do you like spanking girls too? [aquavite: no] I can't imagine being held 
or comforted after wetting my panties.  I've always been taught that its a
naughty and bad thing for me to do and that I should be spanked for it.  I
can't imagine anything else.

Wow I'm so glad to hear the story about Sara is true. [aquavite: I had 
written about Sara's wetting problems and also times Sara has shown off her 
panties.] She seems really special.  But I was really hoping that she'd be
more into discretely showing her panties like I am.  Does she really lie on
the beach with just her panties alot?  Dave's asked me to do that a few times
after taking me to the beach without telling me.  He's in shorts so he's OK
but I'm in a short skirt or sun dress which he says doesn't look right at the
beach and he's right.  So he'll undress me and I'll be in just my bra and
panties.  Other times I've been laying out in the back yard in my bra and
panties and the gardeners have caught me.   And I bet I don't realize half
the times my panties are showing and guys are looking up my skirt or what I'm
wearing is see-through.  But I think that's just another part of being a girl.  

OK, just for you since its pretty quiet here today ...... I just slid my
skirt up to where I can see my white silk panties peaking through between my
legs.  And now that I've opened my legs a little I can see the lace along the
sides.  I'll leave my skirt like this for a while and imagine you looking at
my panties!

Sara wears the Ashley collection [from Victoria's Secret]?  I bet she looks 
adorable in them.  The string bikini kind?  Whats your favorite pair of 
panties on her and why?  Be specific, OK?

I've been spanked nearly all my life and if I tried to fight back I'm afraid
that I'd just get punished worse.  So I've just learned to accept it.  
Spanking is definitely punishment, not play and I was always taught that my
spankings were for my own good and I think I still believe that.  And Dave's
really good to me and I love him.  He spanks me on my panties with his hand
so its not like he uses a belt or paddle and spanks me on my bare bottom.  
And if he thinks I need to be spanked for something I don't argue because
he's usually always right and I probably deserve it.

I'm 28, 5'4", long light brown hair, a little wavy, green eyes, cute petite
figure, nice bottom and legs, not too busty though, and a cute smile.

I bet I'd really enjoy you showing me off.  Just thinking about that turns me
on.  I think I'll slide my skirt up even higher now.....there I slid it up in
back so I'm no longer sitting on it and its up in front to where I can see
the lace and bows along the waist band!

I'm glad you have no interest in Dave spanking me because if he were to ever
find out about any of this it would be awful.

OK, I'll tell you a high school story.  It was one of my most embarrassing and
upsetting moments.  I was 17, and our family was leaving on vacation for a
week during the summer.  We were gonna be driving all day so my stepfather
said we all better use the toilet before we go because he didn't want to stop
so we all did.  I remember I was wearing a light green short cotton skirt and
white nylon bikini panties underneath which I think they looked really
cute on me.  We stopped for lunch about 4 hours later and he asked me to
stand in line while he my mom and my younger brother used the bathroom and
that I should go when they come back.  By the time they came back it was our
turn to order so we got our food and ate and I forgot to use the toilet.  I
had also ordered a really big lemonade because it was so hot and my stepfather
didn't want to use the airconditioner in the car.  

Well, about an hour later I knew I had to pee but figured I would be able to 
hold it for a while.  30 minutes later I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it 
much longer so I asked if we could stop so that I could use the toilet but my
stepfather said I thought you went at lunch and I said I forgot and he got mad
and said then you'll just have to hold it.  But it wasn't long before I knew I
was gonna have an accident and so did my brother.  He kept saying Debbie's
gonna wet her panties....and I told him to shut up.  And my stepfather said
I'd better not.

A little while later it happened, a mini accident. My brother could tell by
my reaction and told my stepfather that I started to go.  I lied and said it
wasn't true because I was afraid of getting in trouble and I didn't know what
to do.  Then another mini accident and another.  I could feel my panties
getting wetter and wetter and then I went more and I knew I couldn't control
it.  So I told my stepfather to please stop so I could use the toilet because
otherwise.....(oh my God, a delivery guy just came by with something for my
boss and he saw me like this.  I tried to pull my skirt back down but it
wouldn't go all the way because it was up in back and I didn't want to make
it too obvious.  And then I had to sign for it so I'm sure he got a real good
view. I think I'd better slide my skirt all the way down now).....because
otherwise I was going to start wetting my panties.  He was so mad at me.  He
pulled off at the next exit and we found a McDonalds and I got up and ran to
the little girls room but by then I was wetting my panties and I couldn't
stop it.  When I reached the toilet I lifted my skirt but it was to late.  My
white panties were already soaked yellow so I just sat down and cried as I
finished wetting them.  I tried to pat them dry with toilet paper so that my
stepfather wouldn't know but they were still dripping wet.  When I walked out
my stepfather was waiting for me inside McDonalds and asked if I'd wet my
panties and I nodded no while crying.  He then said let me see and I thought
no not here so I tried to go outside but he grabbed me with one arm around my
waist and turned me around so my back was towards all the people in line and
then with the other hand lifted my skirt to see my panties!  Now everyone
could see that they were completely yellow between the legs and up my bottom.
 
Then he said you know what this means and he pulled me across his lap,
lifted my skirt even higher and began spanking me on my panties right there
in McDonalds with everyone watching.  I was bawling because I was so upset
and embarrassed.  I remember hearing a little girl ask Mommie is she getting
spanked because she was bad and her mother saying yes she wet her panties
like you used to wet your diaper when you were a baby.  After my spanking we
went back to the car and he put a towel down on the seat so it wouldn't get
wet.  I was so upset and afraid of him that I didn't think about asking if he
could get the suit case down so that I change into a new pair of panties so I
wore them wet the rest of the way.  Fortunately they were totally dry by bed
time that night.  So that's my McDonalds story.

What would I like?  I'd like to hear more details about Sara's public
displays of her panties and other times you've showed off girls.  I really
get turned on by the thought of guys lusting over a cute girl innocently
displaying her panties especially when shes not aware of it.

=======
Debbie Four

Dear Aquavite,

Wow, the story of you and Sara in Paris was great. [aquavite: I wrote a 
description of a time Sara fell asleep while wearing a short skirt in a 
public place and then in her sleep pull a leg up, totally revealing her 
panties for about 15 minutes.]  Picturing her panties totally exposed with
her asleep is such a turn on.  I can't believe she didn't know.  Especially
if the entire front could be seen!  She must have had her skirt up around
her waist if the entire front of her panties was showing!  Is that what
happened?  And I'd love to see the pictures you took of her putting on her
shoes.  She doesn't mind you taking pictures of her in her panties in public?
And when she first fell asleep, were you tempted to slide her skirt up so
that you and others could see her panties?  I bet if that ever happened to
me, thats what Dave would do.  So Sara doesn't mind being seen in her panties
in public but its not a turn on for her?  Then what is a turn on for her?
And what about Joanne? 

I actually thought about you this weekend because on MTV there was a VJ named
Daisy who was wearing a short dark dress with spaghetti straps (no bra) and
she was sitting down so everytime she introduced a new video, you could see
the triangle of her white panties peaking through between her legs and I don't 
think she knew.  It was a big turn on that millions of viewers could see
her panties and she didn't know. Did you happen to see it?  It made me wonder
how many times that has happened to me and made me wish millions of viewers
could see the triangle of my white panties between my legs without me
knowing.  (It seems like everytime I write to you I get turned on.  Right now
I can feel myself getting damp.)

I never even heard of Hanro [a brand of Swiss made lingerie which I had 
mentioned to Debbie].  Can you buy them in this country?  Are they real cute 
(flowers, bows, lace, etc.) and do they come in string bikinis size small?

At my tennis class this weekend there was a little kids birthday party in the
park and I couldn't help but notice this little girl because she reminded me
of myself.  She's probably 10 or 11, really cute, has long dark hair, and was
wearing a cute short little pink cotton sun dress.  When she was playing on
the bars or swinging on the swings, everybody could see her white cotton
panties.  Her dress would fly up or she'd do a somersalt or one of the boys
would lift her dress from behind and she didn't seem to mind any of this.
 Anyway it made me think that why is it perfectly OK for little girls to show
their panties to everyone but not for little boys?  And why do we wear
dresses and skirts and see-through clothes and boys don't?  And why are girls
panties real cute and pretty and men's aren't?  And why do I shave my legs,
under my arms, my pubic hair and men don't?  I really think its because were
supposed to be like little girls around men.  Were supposed to have our legs
and panties seen by men just like that little girl on the bars or Daisy on
MTV.  Otherwise we wouldn't shave our legs or wear short skirts and dresses
and thin see-through shorts and have such pretty panties.  I really think
that girls panties are so cute and pretty because there supposed to be seen
by guys just like a little girl.  Being a man, is that what you think to?
 And maybe thats why some guys like us to wet our panties because little
girls wet their panties.  If that's true then maybe I shouldn't get so upset
the next time I have a big accident except I'll still get spanked for it
(just like a little girl would).  Do Sara or Joanne get really upset when
they have big accidents?

Another highschool story?  OK.  It was during cheerleader practice my senior
year.  We were practicing for a game that night but I was late to practice
because I had to stay after class to meet with my tutor so I didn't have time
to use the toilet.  Our colors where red with white trim and we all had
matching red cheerleader spankies under our skirts.  Half way through the
practice I had to pee real bad but I thought I could hold it till we
finished. But all the dancing, jumping, and especially being thrown in the
air and caught by the guys made it real difficult.  Then on one of our last
stunts I felt myself go a little but I figured I had enough protection
because I had on panties under my cheerleader spankies.  But on the next
stunt I went alot in my panties and almost lost control and could feel my
panties were pretty wet.  So I told Lisa (she was captain) and she ended
practice and went with me to the little girls room.  

When we got there it waslocked and I went a little more even though I was 
holding my legs and knees together.  We thought about using the toilet in 
the hallway but the building was locked.  I remember being panicked and
telling Lisa that I was wetting my panties and I couldn't hold it any more.
Then we saw a cleaning person and Lisa told him that I needed to use the
toilet and asked if he could let us in but he said he wasn't allowed to.
Lisa asked again and told him that I was wetting my panties but he
suggested we just go behind the cafeteria.  As we went behind the
cafeteria I was going more and more and could feel my panties filling up
between my legs.  We got there and I lifted my skirt and was just about to
pull dowm my spankies and panties when we noticed he had followed us and
was watching me.  He wouldn't leave and since I wan't going to expose
myself infront of him, I had to keep my spankies and panties on so I just
finished going in them and started to cry as he and Lisa watched.  Lisa
told him to leave and tried to make me feel better by telling me that she
once wet her panties to.  But all I could think about was not letting my
stepfather know because I'd get spanked. But then Lisa pointed out another
problem because the JV game was going to start in less than an hour and I
didn't have time to go home and wash my spankies.  But I couldn't wear
them wet either because Frank (one of the guy cheerleaders) holds me above
his head with his hand on my bottom in some of the stunts and he would
know that I had an accident.  Fortunately I had a clean pair of panties
with me in my locker because I used to do that just in case I had an
accident.  The bad thing was that they were white with flowers (most of
my panties in highschool were white or white with flowers).  But Lisa said
I had no choice so I changed out of my wet spankies and white panties and
into my white flowered panties.  It was nice to put on a clean pair of
panties but it was pretty obvious that I had my panties on and not my
spankies under my skirt but Lisa was right because that was better than
everyone knowing that I'd wet myself.  So that was another highschool
story of mine.

I'd better go because I'm at work.  This time I didn't slide my skirt up to
uncover my panties because of what happened last time.  Maybe the next time I
write I'll get the nerve again.  I would love to hear more about Sara and
Joanne especially the public displays of there panties when they didn't know
it and maybe some wetting stories if you have some more.  


