Archive-name: School/debby2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Debby


Debby was 19. She was a sophomore at the local state university. She 
was a brunette, five feet six inches tall, and weighed 119 pounds. She 
had size 35C breasts, long slim legs and a face that boys and men had 
dreams about.  She was also a groupie.  She made a habit of attending 
as many rock concerts as she could afford and doing whatever necessary 
to get into the group's dressing rooms backstage after the show and 
spending the night with at least one of the lucky guys. Tonight she was 
going to a concert featuring a group known as Death Warmed Over - not 
the kind of guys you'd bring home to mother, unless of course your 
mother was Morticia Addams.

As she dressed for the evening, she went over in her mind the usual 
plan of events.  She always bought one of the 'cheap seats' tickets, 
because she usually managed to trade sexual favors for a spot down 
front. Most of the security guards and roadies who frequented the large 
arena in town had enjoyed a quick but very satisfying blow job from 
her. This way, she nearly always got to the front row.  She wore a 
loose fitting blouse that hung over the waistband of her short denim 
skirt. Tonight, seeing as how the crowd would be more sleazy than 
usual, she went overboard - she wore stockings and the highest pair of 
high heels she had, killer shoes with four-inch heels. The skirt she 
had chosen was a tight, short affair. It stopped at just about the tops 
of her stockings, so the garter-straps and clips showed. This new style 
was especially erotic and on Debby's long legs the nylons were even 
more appealing. She slid the tight dress up over her garter belt and 
pulled the blouse down over her bare breasts. No panties, no bra. She 
was sure to get the attention she wanted tonight.  Applying more than 
the usual amount of makeup, eyeshadow and lipstick, she certainly 
looked the part of a woman in search of sex. And sex she was sure to 
get.

Standing in line outside the arena as the crowd of kids jostled around, 
the excitement in the air was evident. Debby could sense the stares and 
leers of the males in the crowd and enjoyed the attention. She always 
went to these concerts alone.  She calmly waited as the line she was in 
slowly made its way past the ticket taker and went through the usual 
search inside the arena - the city was pretty thorough about getting 
most of the booze and firecrackers off the kids as they came in.  The 
big black security guard at the door eyed her up and down and said in a 
voice loud enough for everyone 10 feet around to hear "I can see this 
little girl ain't got nothin' hidden on her!". Debby just smiled at him 
and licked her lips with her tongue, teasing the man. Nonetheless, he 
made sure his hands brushed across her breasts and down her hips. The 
touch of his hands made Debby's nipples begin to peak and stiffen. She 
wandered the halls a while while the opening act played. She didn't 
want to get there too early and have a latecomer push her back, the way 
she usually did to the legitimate front-row patrons. She wandered down 
to the ladies room and had a few cigarettes, shooting the breeze with 
some other girls and in general just enjoying the atmosphere. Most of 
the girls expressed amazement at her outfit, but several said they had 
seen the style and were just waiting for someone else to wear it first.

Finally the opening act finished to the obvious delight of most of the 
crowd. The house lights came up and the local radio station came on 
over the huge speakers and started blaring old Led Zepplin and 
Aerosmith tunes.  A haze of tobacco and hash smoke hung in the air. 
After killing some more time standing around the entrance to the lower 
level area, Debby could sense when there was about 15 minutes until 
"DWA" as they were called, would take the stage.  She fluffed her hair, 
straightened her skirt and inspected the picture. Everything was fine. 
This would be a piece of cake.

She strolled down the short flight of stairs and out onto the floor of 
the arena. Folding chairs had been set up over a thick plywood floor 
laid over the basketball court and ice-hockey area.  Several security 
guards stood around the front of the stage, which was raised about 8 
feet above the floor level. An iron railing had been raised that was 
set back from the stage about 10 feet.  This area was reserved for 
roadies, tour photographers and others with official business. No 
paying customers where allowed here.  Most of the front row of chairs 
were occupied.  In all the clatter and noise of the time, Debby never 
noticed the security guard come up behind her and lightly touch her 
arm.

"Excuse me, I'll have to see your ticket for this area."  Debby turned 
quickly.  He was new.  A tall, fresh looking guy about 25 or so, with 
thick brown hair and a nice smile.  Obviously he hadn't been doing this 
very long.  Debby just let him wander up and down her body with his 
eyes. He grinned at her.

"I don't have one." she said nonchalantly.

"Well, I'm afraid you'll have to leave then, this area is for ticket 
holders only. There's no standing room."

Debby looked him right in the eye.

"Can I suck your cock for it?"

"Wh..what!" the guy stammered, blushing furiously.

"I said can I suck your cock for it - let's go somewhere and I'll blow 
you real good and then you let me stay up front here!" Debby almost 
shouted at him.

The guy looked at her a second, debating the obvious choices in his 
mind. Finally he looked around at the crowd and then down at Debby.

"OK, babe, I think we can work it out.  Come with me."  So saying, he 
took her arm and they walked around back behind the stage and off to 
the side. A small passageway led out to one of the corridors normally 
closed to public traffic. He led her to a small closet just down the 
hallway and the two of them went in. He flipped the light on and pushed 
her in ahead of him.

"No funny stuff. All you get is a blow job, man" Debby said.

"No problem. You look like the type who loves to eat cock."
"Yeah, well I might. How's yours?" she shot back.

"You tell me." he said as he simply unzipped his trousers and fished 
his rapidly hardening cock out.  Average in length and girth, Debby was 
pleased, but not overly impressed.  "Now how about that head?" he said, 
putting his hand over her head and pressing down.

Debby let him push her to her knees. She grabbed a bunch of towels and 
cloths to put under her knees, not wanting to get a run in her 
stockings just yet. She leaned forward and kissed the head of his cock, 
but then pulled back.

"Just a sec - I don't want to get cum all over this blouse." she said 
as she shucked the light garment over her head.  Clad now in just the 
stockings and skirt, she reached around the man's ass and pulled his 
cock into her mouth.  "Ok, big boy, get ready for a blowjob you'll 
never forget."

Whatever else you might say about Debby, you'd have to admit that she 
knew her craft. She pulled the man's entire shaft into her mouth and 
worked over it with her tongue, teasing and pulling on it. She wasn't 
here to make it last or have a good time - she wanted to have this guy 
blow his wad and get back to the concert.  She let him reach down and 
tug on her nipples, growing them into tiny peaks of ruby red flesh.

"Yeah baby, suck that cock, make it good. That's right.." he said, one 
hand on her tit and the other behind her head, pulling her onto his 
shaft.  Debby reached up with one hand and fondled his balls through 
his pants, twisting and turning them, churning up the load of cum she 
hoped would soon be arriving on the inside of her mouth.

"Shit, honey, that's real good, you're gonna get me cumming in no 
time.." he panted.  "Yes, yes, yes, take it all, take it all." He 
thrust roughly into her lipsticked mouth, looking down at the girl on 
her knees before him.  The older security guards had said this would 
happen occasionally, and that is was one of the unpaid fringe benefits 
of the job.  They were right.

Debby pulled roughly off his cock just as she felt the tremors of his 
orgasm begin.  Grabbing his cock tightly just behind the head she 
looked up at him and swallowed roughly.

"You can cum in my mouth, but don't take it out and whip it all over, 
OK? Cum in my mouth, I'll swallow it."

The guy could only nod his head.  She bent to re-envelop his cock with 
her wet mouth and released her grip on the shaft.  He grabbed the back 
of her head and pushed his hips forwards, sinking his cock all the way 
into Debby's mouth and let go a wad of jizz that slimed over her tongue 
and down her throat. Debby took over, sucking and drawing the load of 
semen from his balls.  Several strong jets of cum struck the back of 
Debby's mouth and she dutifully swallowed as the amount grew.  Again 
the guy pulsed and again she swallowed his creamy spunk.  Tightening 
her lips over his cock shaft, she slowly pulled up and off him, drawing 
the last few beads of cum from his cock.

Popping her tightly drawn lips off the shiny head of his cock, Debby 
looked up at him from her kneeling position. The guy was swaying back 
and forth on his feet, still enjoying the marvelous feel of the orgasm 
he'd just had.  He popped his eyes opened and looked down at her.

"That was pretty good. You must have had a lot of practice."

Debby cleared her throat of the last dribbles of his sperm and said 
"Yeah, I've been sucking cock since I was fourteen. Most guys say I'm 
pretty good at it."  Wiping her lips with the back of her hand, she 
smiled up at him and, reaching for her blouse, got to her feet and 
slipped the blouse on back over her naked chest.

"OK, I fulfilled my part of the bargain, let's go" she said quickly, 
grabbing his hand and walking swiftly out of the small room and back up 
the corridor towards the stage area.  He let her walk in front of him, 
eying the sway of her tight ass in the short skirt.

Once out into the crowd again, Debby walked up to the middle of the 
seating area just off the front of the stage, and turned to the guard.

"Here, take this - in case anybody else hassles you" he said quickly, 
handing her a small slip of paper from his jacket pocket. Debby glanced 
at it. It was a small ticket stub with 'Front Stage Pass' stamped on 
it, with the date and time added in longhand.  "It's a pass we use in 
case someone legitimately looses their ticket or we need to issue 
another one for a VIP or something - it's good all evening."  She 
thanked him and watched as he turned and walked away.  Debby could 
still taste him in her mouth, and her breasts were aroused and tingly 
with desire.  She usually loved giving head and eating cum, it made her 
feel slutty and sexy.  She ran her tongue around her lips and made sure 
that her makeup and hair were still presentable.

Soon enough the house lights dimmed, the kids started cheering and 
raising the usual ruckus and smoke and lights filled the air. Death 
Warmed Over hit the stage with their current hit, 'Teenaged Honey' and 
Debby found herself scanning the guys in the band for an obvious 
target.  Like most rock and heavy metal bands, the guys were skeletal 
thin and had very long hair.  The bass guitarist had tattoos all over 
his chest and a wildly frizzy hair-do.  He seemed more interested in 
watching his shoes than anyone in the crowd, so Debby looked past him 
at the singer. He seemed a likely target, with his wildly flowing blond 
hair and requisite skin tight leather pants. Debby noticed with 
satisfaction the large tube of flesh shoved down the inside of his 
right pants leg.  He seemed to seek out and sing to the females in the 
front rows, and when he looked Debby's way during one song, she tried 
to make real eye contact with him and send some signals.

But the singer just looked at her for a few seconds, then moved on to 
the next person in the crowd. Debby wasn't even sure that he noticed 
her at all.  "Shithead" she thought to herself over the din, "time for 
plan B."  Plan B was calculated to get one of the guy's attention, for 
sure.  She waited until the guitarist was screaming through one of his 
patented gymnastic solos, his guitar held down between his legs, hands 
flying up and down the neck and over the body of the instrument.  He 
fell to his knees near the front of the stage, near Debby.
He looked straight at her while coaxing the agonized notes from his 
guitar, bending the strings and gyrating to the music. Debby locked on 
his eyes and quickly grabbed the bottom of her blouse and pulled it up 
to her neck, exposing her large and shapely breasts for all around to 
see. The others near her in the front rows were occupied with watching 
the group on stage, not her, but the guitarist certainly saw her 
charms.

Debby could tell he noticed and liked what he saw, because his face 
broke into a huge grin. She dropped the blouse to cover up and smiled 
back up at him. He nodded in recognition and, as if suddenly 
remembering where he was, ended his solo and went on with the song the 
rest of the group was performing. Later during the show he managed to 
work his way over to where Debby was several times, hoping for another 
shot of her tits. Debby knew that if she showed them again, she took a 
chance of either causing a riot down among the front rows or getting 
booted out by the management. Each time, though, she made some little 
movement that let the guy know she wanted him - she swayed her hips to 
his music or rubbed her tits through the blouse. During one especially 
close moment, she took her index finger and pointed to her open mouth 
with it - the universal sign among groupies and rock stars that she 
wanted to suck his cock.  He noticed it immediately and Debby could 
tell he got it - his cock swelled the front of his Spandex pants out in 
a noticeable bulge.

The show went on without incident, and the group did the usual encore 
and crowd-pleasing pyrotechnic finale of smoke bombs, Roman candles and 
laser lights.  As the show came to a close, Debby quickly hurried out 
and down past the back of the stage into the subterranean corridors she 
knew so well.  She made her way around to the lower-level dressing 
rooms.  Several people were wandering around in the area, mostly either 
members of the road crews of the two bands, arena employees, or other 
hangers-on. Debby noticed several other girls who she knew were here 
after the same thing she was - rock musician dick.

Quickly circling around the corridor Debby came to the door to the main 
dressing room. She'd been here many times before. This time, as usual, 
the door was blocked by a huge, burly roadie, a black man easily six 
foot eight in height and 270 pounds.  He looked at her and sniffed "Ok, 
girlie, just keep on going, nothing here for you tonight."

"I wouldn't be so sure, man." she snapped back with the confidence 
gained from dozens of these confrontations. "What's it take to get 
inside?" , nodding her head towards the dressing room door.

"Well, above all a backstage pass, which I see you ain't got, or you 
bein' a member of the band, which you ain't, or you bein' someone 
invited in there by someone, which you ain't, cause there ain't anyone 
in there."

Debby looked up at him seductively. She was sure he had been in this 
situation hundreds of times around the country, always guarding the 
group from the swarm of fans anxious to get near to them.  But she was 
equally sure that she could get to him - she had always been successful 
in the past.

"Aw, c'mon, let me go in. Promise I won't make a scene."

"Nope. Just move along." was the grunted reply. Debby thrust her chest 
out just a little more and licked her lips.

"Is there anything I can do to get in there, you know, fuck you or 
something?"  This question usually got one of two responses - either 
the roadie laughed in her face, or he took her up on it. When they 
laughed in her face, which was seldom, to be sure, Debby usually 
figured some other way into the dressing room. But this guy just looked 
at her for long seconds. His eyes bored into hers. Finally Debby 
blinked and looked down.

The roadie chuckled from deep within his chest.  "Ok, girlie, tell you 
what. You're better lookin' than most of the pussy that comes sniffin' 
round down here.  If you can suck me off, and get me off before the 
guys get down here, you can stay. I'm sure that they'll know what to do 
with you too."  Debby thought to herself that she already had one load 
of sperm in her belly, another one wouldn't make that much difference.

While he spoke, he turned and unlocked the door and motioned her 
inside. Debby flushed and ducked under his arms and into the dressing 
room.  LIke the usual backstage areas she had seen, this one was strewn 
with clothes, food, paper, a couple of acoustic guitars and other 
miscellaneous junk. The aroma of grass hung in the air.  Debby walked a 
few feet into the room and turned to the roadie.

"What's your name, stud?"

"Roger."  The black roadie wasted no time. He unzipped his pants and
walked up to Debby, pushing her to her knees in the middle of the room. 
She nearly knelt in an old pizza carton with two greasy slabs of pizza 
in it, but brushed it away before her knees hit the floor.

"You want pads?" he asked.

"What?" Debby answered, mystified.

"Knee pads - standard equipment for the band. I seen them get half a 
dozen or so girls here each night and the chicks get sore knees from 
all the cocksucking."

Debby answered with a snort. "No, I don't need 'em. I've been doing 
this long enough so I get by OK."  So saying, she reached into the 
man's pants and fished around for his cock.

Now, Debby had seen quite a few cocks in her short life; white ones, 
black ones, short ones, fat ones, long ones, thin ones and thick ones. 
But as she wormed the tube of flesh out from behind its' confining 
cloth, her eyes widened.

"Now this is a COCK!" she thought to herself. In proportion to the rest 
of his body, it really wasn't all that large, but to Debby's small 
white hand, the black log seemed huge. It was too big around for her 
fingers to fully encircle it, and not even erect seemed nine or ten 
inches long.

"Jeessus man how big's this thing get?" she laughed up at him. "I'm not 
so sure I can take this whopper in my mouth."

"Suck it, or get going, bitch, we ain't got all night."  She felt his 
strong hands at the back of her head, pulling her face towards his 
cock. Debby shifted on her knees and moved her jaw around, loosening up 
her facial muscles. The cock hardened under her pumping hands. The 
plum-shaped head gleamed in the light and a tiny drop of wetness 
appeared at the tip.  Debby leaned forward and licked the spot off, 
enjoying the thrill and appreciating the throb of desire that she felt 
move through the cock.  She opened her lips and kissed the head of the 
cock, swabbing it with her tongue and spreading her saliva over the 
already wet tip of the cock. Her hands circled the shaft poking out of 
the man's pants and started jerking the cock, the smooth dark skin 
sliding over the blood-filled shaft with ease.

Roger had his hands firmly around her head, fingers entwined in her 
hair. He moved his hips forward to shove more of his hard cock into her 
mouth, and Debby accepted the movement, spreading saliva over the rigid 
tube of flesh. Her tongue swirled over and around the shaft and about 5 
inches of the shaft invaded her mouth. She swallowed roughly and tasted 
a few drops of salty pre-cum.

"Oh yeah, baby, keep doin' it, that's real good" Roger spoke gruffly. 
He increased the length of his strokes, feeding his hot cock into the 
woman's mouth with ease. He was kind of suprised that she could take so 
much, but he wasn't aware of Debby's past experience. Literally 
hundreds of feet of cock had travelled the slippery route over her lips 
and tongue and into the top of her throat, inches after inches adding 
up to feet and multiplying many hundreds of times. So Debby was no 
amateur at the cocksucking business. In fact, she prided herself on the 
ease and delight with which she could swallow almost any cock presented 
to her.

As she sucked the shaft, Debby continued to stroke and jerk the cock 
that was gripped by her hands. She knelt on the floor and applied both 
hands to the shaft outside of her face, pulling up to her lips and 
pushing back down until her hands touched Roger's wiry pubic hair. She 
occasionaly let one hand drop down and caress and fondle his balls, 
which hung loosely in their confining sack of skin.  The amount of 
saliva she generated soon began to overflow her lips, and drooled down 
over her bottom lip and chin.

Debby had to pull off his cock for a second to get a deep breath, and 
while she did, she kept the tip of his cock at her tongue, stroking and 
pumping all the while. She looked up at Roger with smoldering eyes, 
noticing that he was also fascinated by the sight of her down there, 
worshipping his cock.

"You like to suck dick, eh, girlie?" he asked, watching the slim white 
woman jerk his coal-black cock at her face.

"Yeah, I guess so. My boyfriend seems to like it..." she answered 
noncommittally, taking the time to swallow some of the accumulated 
juices that had gathered in her mouth.

"Well, you just keep it up, 'cause I've got some nice hot black cum for 
you to eat. You swallow?"

"If you want. 'sall the same to me." she responded. "Or if you want you 
can cum on my face, that's cool too."

Roger couldn't believe his ears. Here was this cute little college 
girl, on her knees before him, sucking his cock and telling him it was 
fine with her if he ejaculated on her pretty face. He'd always wanted 
to try that, but had never met a woman who seemed aggreeable. But now 
his chance had come.

"Oh yeah, baby, that's what I'll do, I'll blow my wad all over you if 
you want. Just keep that stroking, I'm getting close now...." he 
breathed roughly.  Debby did so, stroking his cock more and more 
rapidly, licking the head and kissing it with her pursed lips, sucking 
the drops of rapidly increasing pre-cum off and swallowing them.  Then 
she felt Roger begin to shudder.

"Yeah, baby, that's it, cum for me, cum for Debby, blow that jizz on me 
now, I want it" she whispered, knowing the words would excite Roger 
even more.  Her hands sped back and forth on the black cock, the tip 
just inches from her mouth. Suddenly Roger jerked and a long stream of 
white cum flew from the head of his cock, diving right into her open 
lips. Caught slightly by suprise, Debby coughed lightly, spitting the 
cum back out over her lips, where it started to drool down.  She kept 
on jerking the cock. Another shot flew out, landing across her nose and 
cheek. She aimed the cock higher and the third jet spun across her 
forehead and into her hair. The force of the semen began to lessen, and 
the next spurt dripped weakly out onto her cheeks. Debby rubbed the 
spitting cockhead over her face, feeling the sperm leak out and drool 
over her skin.  As the eruption slowed, she popped the head of Roger's 
cock back into her mouth and sucked with all her might, drawing even 
more hot salty cum up through his tube and into her swallowing mouth.

Finally Roger stepped away from the girl on her knees. His cock hung 
down, drained. Debby looked at him, the streamers of cum lining her 
face beginning to slide downwards over her lips and chin.  She 
swallowed, gulping the three or four jets of cum that had found their 
way into her mouth. Drawing in a huge breath of air, she shivered and 
whispered "God, that was something else! All that cum on my face -"

Just then the door burst open with a rush of air and noise and the five 
group members entered their dressing area. The sight stopped them in 
their tracks. Roger, one of their road crew members, was standing 
there, his shrinking cock hanging out of his pants, dripping saliva and 
cum. A cute girl in a mini-skirt and blouse knelt on the floor just 
feet away, her face lined with cum. Debby gasped in astonishment and 
flushed red, embarrassed at being seen like this by the entire group. 
Roger was silent.

"Jesus Christ, what the fuck is going on here!" yelled the singer. 
"Holy shit!"



A cacaphony of voices suddenly filled the air, the jeers and taunts of 
the group directed at Roger and the girl.  Debby got shakily to her 
feet, wiping the cum from her face as best she could.  She stammered 
"Ah.. hey gg..guys, good show you just put on..." She hesitated, but no 
one spoke. "Now it's my turn, OK? My name's Debby, and I'll fuck and 
suck you all."

(It might be wise now to introduce the group members, for those of you 
unfamiliar with them. The guitarist who seemed so intent on Debby's 
tits was Ed. He had long black hair and wore tight black jeans and a 
short fringed vest. The singer was Larry, and his long wavy blond hair 
flowed down over his shoulders. He was tall and beefy and, to most 
women, the most attractive member of the group. The bass player had 
kind of stringy long brown hair and was named Ted. The drummer wore his 
hair in a ponytail and had a brown beard and mustache to match. His 
name was Bob. He had a maniacal look on his face.)

The guys wasted no time. Quickly they locked the dressing room door and 
spread pillows and cushions on the floor, spreading away all the 
collected trash, sheet music, amplifier parts and other miscellaneous 
junk that had collected there.  Ed stepped up to Debby and said

"I want to see those tits again, they were fantastic!"

Debby colored, but nodded to him and, crossing her arms, lifted the hem 
of her blouse up over her head. The other guys in the band whistled 
appreciatively when her breasts came into view.  Large, very round 
mammaries sported full nipples that were stone hard already, poking out 
almost a half-inch in erection.

"Yes, in-DEED, very nice" said Bob, stepping up next to them and 
bending down to suck one nipple into his mouth. Debby pulled his head 
to her chest and closed her eyes, moaning softly.  Ted stepped over and 
ran his hands over her hips and down her skirt.  He knelt and slid one 
hand up her leg underneath the skirt.

"Jeesus, she ain't wearin' any panties!" he exclaimed, when his 
wandering fingers touched damp pubic hair.  He moistened the tip of one 
finger in his mouth and slid it back under Debby's skirt, insinuating 
it up into her slit.  Debby moaned again and threw her head back.

"Yes, yes, finger my clit, do it now" she whispered.  Ted was only too 
happy to oblige, as he insinutated his forefinger into the warm, moist 
area at the top of her slit where he found the exciting little nubbin. 
Meanwhile, Bob and Ed continued to suckle at her breasts, and Debby 
held both their heads to her chest like an earth mother. The two men 
slowly lowered her to the floor, resting her head on a large sofa 
cushion and pulling her legs out straight.  Ted unfastened the hooks of 
her skirt, and raising her hips, Debby allowed him to pull it down over 
her long, slim, stocking-enclosed legs. Again the guys whistled as her 
lower body came into view.

"DAMN, that's one fine cunt we got here" grunted Ed as he began 
loosening his pants. The other three men followed his lead, and soon 
all four were naked. They knelt down around the woman offering herself 
to them, and for the next few minutes, Debby was in heaven as four sets 
of strong hands stroked, pulled, tweaked, rubbed and caressed her 
sweating body.

"C'mon guys, I need a fuck badly, let's get it on" she said, pulling 
Ed's face to hers and kissing him deeply. He maneuvered around and 
grabbed her stockinged legs, hoisting them up over his shoulders. Her 
hips raised up off the floor as she pointed her pussy at him. Ed held 
his cock and rubbed the head of it over her slit, wetting it with the 
juices she was producing.  Finally he could wait no longer, and with a 
tremendous grunt, slid the entire length of his cock right up her 
pussy. It hit bottom and Debby squealed "OH GOD YES, DO IT, FUCK ME" 
and began moving her hips up to meet his thrusts.

Not to be left out, Larry and Bob moved up, kneeling on either side of 
her head. Debby looked up and saw the two glistening cockheads poised 
over her face. She reached up and fisted each of the shafts, opening 
her mouth to rub her tongue around each of the flared heads. They began 
leaking pre-cum, which set her taste buds on fire and pushed her 
further on down the road to the sexual heights.

"FUCK YES, call me names, I'm a SLUT, I'm a COCKSUCKING WHORE!" Debby 
yelled, surrendering herself to the feelings of delight coursing 
through her body.

The men groaned and began taunting her.

"Yeah, you bitch, suck that cock, I'm gonna pump a load down your 
throat."

"Wow, look at this bitch suck, she loves that shit, look at 'er go!"

"C'mon baby, suck me off, you want that cum, don't you?"

"Yes, I'm a cock-sucking, cum-loving slut!" she responded 
enthusiastically, slurping on the cocks.  Ed continued fucking into her 
slit with vigor, sliding the length of his cock in and out with sure 
strokes.

"Yea baby, suck those cocks, make 'em cum down your fucking throat, eat 
some cum for dinner!" he joined in.

The four of them continued on for several minutes, Debby sucking and 
stroking the shafts in her face alternately, slurping down the leaking 
juices when she could.  Suddenly Ted, who had been watching and 
stroking his cock silently, chimed in.

"Hey, I bet this bitch'd love to get ass-fucked at the same time. Let's 
go!".  The others agreed, over the minor protests of Debby, who 
normally didn't like her rectum invaded by anything larger than a 
tongue or finger. But she was too far gone to put up any real protest.  
Ed straightened up, popping his glistening cock from her snatch 
momentarily. Ted lay on his back, holding up his rock solid shaft. The 
guys picked up Debby under her arms and bodily moved her over the 
grinning bass player.

"NO,NO, I'm dry, get it wet, get it wet!" she mouthed almost 
incoherently, but the guys were in no position to stop and get her ass 
channel lubed up. They positioned her over Ted, who grabbed her ass 
cheeks and spread them apart. He could see the tiny dimple of her anus 
and slowly they moved the woman over the target until his cock was 
resting just below her asshole.

"READY, SET GO!" they yelled almost in unison, and virtually dropped 
the girl's body. Debby shrieked in pain as the shaft invaded her dry 
hole. "OH GODDDDDDDDDD" she yelled as the guys begans screwing her 
every which way but loose. Ted leaned her back over him and Ed moved 
down to slide his hard cock up into her pussy. Now she had both shafts 
wholly in her body, and she quickly orgasmed from the full feeling. 
Larry moved up and straddled her chest, his cock pointing straight at 
her mouth.

"You know what I want, girlie, suck this cock!" he grunted and pulled 
Debby's head towards his stomach. She opened her mouth involuntarily 
and felt his shaft slide over her lips and bulge into her mouth. She 
was fucking and sucking with three guys! She'd never believed she'd 
ever do this, and here she was, getting cock thrown at her from every 
angle.

The cock in her ass was finally lubricating that dry channel enough so 
that the pain went away, to be replaced by a slight discomfort and a 
very nice feeling. The cock in her pussy savaged her womb, sliding back 
and forth. Ed reached down and began sliding his fingers over her clit, 
setting the rockets in Debby's head off once again. She quaked through 
a couple of orgasms as the guys continued to pound their cocks into 
her. They were slightly rough, but Debby enjoyed it nonetheless.

Bob moved up and grabbed one of her arms, placing her hand around his 
cock. "Jerk on it, honey, just jerk on it for me." he commanded. Debby 
began sliding her fist up and down his shaft, occaisionaly pausing to 
angle her head over to it and spit out Larry's cock and suck mightily 
on Bob's.  The quartet went on for several minutes, the guys grunting 
with the exertion and Debby squealing through the meat in her mouth in 
ecstasy.

Finally Ed spoke up.  

"Ok, bitch, it's time for your bath now. Hope you can swim, cause we're 
gonna drown you in cum.  Let's go guys, let's give it to her. "

So saying, he uncunted his cock. Larry pushed her up off his ass, the 
POP of his cock echoing around the room as her bruised asshole was 
finally shed of its fleshy invader.  Bob and Larry stepped away, and 
the four men lowered her to the floor. Debby pulled the cushion up 
behind her head and looked at them expectantly.  All four were standing 
over her, stroking their cocks with frenzied speed. She could see they 
were close to coming.

"Wh..What're you gonna do?" she asked somewhat timidly, worn out from 
the dozens of climaxes she'd enjoyed.


Without saying a word, the four men gathered around her head. The four 
pricks were all within a foot or so of her face.

"Whaddaya think?" rasped Bob, "we're gonna shoot all over your FACE, 
slut, and you're gonna enjoy it too!"

"OHGOD YES! YES!" was all she could reply.

Suddenly the men started cumming. Larry groaned and arched his back and 
pointed his cock directly at Debby. A stream of cum shot out and landed 
across her cheek and nose. The next jet hit her square in the left eye, 
blinding her momentarily. Debby squealed and opened her mouth. Larry 
shot again, and a white line of cum flew out and disappeard into her 
dark oral cavern.  Then Bob started cumming, and he directed his 
spasming cock, spraying Debby's face with his hot load. Larry dribbled 
the last of his cum onto the top of her head, then rubbed his cock in 
her hair.  Meanwhile, Bob was still shooting, watching ropes of cum 
land in strings across the pretty girl's face. Her right cheek and 
jawbone had several strings of cum dripping down. One line neatly 
bisected her nose and up between her eyes.  Then Ed started. It seemed 
as if the guys timed it so just as one finished, another started. More 
cum flew out towards the target face, and Debby opened her mouth again 
to capture the milky fluid. Several strong jets streaked across her 
tongue and coated her teeth. Finally Ted grunted and groaned, and his 
cock erupted, bathing her face with his sprays of jizz. Ropes of semen 
flew out, criss-crossing her waiting cheeks and lips, painting her 
forehead and nose. Her eyelids now had several drops of cum on them, 
and the eyeshadow began to run and turn a milky blue. Debby laughed and 
giggled and groaned as the guys pumped out their cum on her.

                          End of File

--
