Archive-name: Casual/debbie.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Debbie


Debbie lounged around the house sipping Iced-Tea. It was a lazy Saturday
afternoon and she was wondering what the day had in store for her.
She reached down to stroke her smooth, shaven pussy, she was in the mood
for a good fuck by some young, yet unknown, stud. Debbie set down her tea
and strolled into the bedroom to get dressed. She removed her robe and
admired herself in the full length mirror, at 32 she had already been
divorced, had no kids, but still had a fantastic body. She touched her
nipples and was surprised at the sensitivity, she needed a fuck bad.
She pulled on a pair of white lace panties that barely covered the
sensuous crack of her ass, and were very see through. She then put on a
similar bra that hardly covered her brown, now erect, nipples. A short
leather miniskirt and pink top finished the ensemble, and Debbie was ready
for a day of lust. Debbie pulled her cherry red Fiat into the parking
lot of the local super market. She found out, after years of "research,"
that the best place to meet really sexy guys was at a supermarket.
They seemed to understand the deep needs of a woman. It was on isle
14 that she saw him. He had the cutest ass she had ever seen. He was
wearing tight jeans and a tank top. Then he turned around, he had a
gorgeous boyish looking face. God I hope he's not a fag, Debbie thought.
She suddenly remembered she needed some wheat bread. She bent over to
reach the bread. Her tight buttocks were directly in his view, this was
the all important test. When she stood up and turned around she saw the
flustered look on his face and the slight bulge in his pants. Great, now
the next step she thought. "Hello, my name is Debbie." "Hi, I'm Phil,
nice to meet you" "Look," Debbie began, "I'm not usually this forward,
but I'm extremely attracted to you." "The feeling is definitely mutual.
Would you like to come to my house and have a little lunch?" She decided
to take a risk. "Sure." They hopped into his black Corvette and pulled
onto the road. Instantly Phil had his hand on Debbie's knee. Seeing no
resistance he slowly slid it up her leg. Her leather skirt rode up around
her shapely waist as Phil slid his hand under her panties. "God your wet."
"I need a fuck bad, fuck me now I can't wait." Debbie moaned as she
spread her legs and placed her hands over her erect nipples. Phil felt
the same way, Debbie judged by looking down at Phil's cock straining
against his Levis. He found a convenient dirt road and pulled into a
lake front parking lot surrounded by trees. It was winter so no one
was around, but it didn't matter they needed each other way too bad.
Phil stopped the car and immediately bent over Debbie's luscious cunt.
He pulled the crotch of her panties aside and began to rub her clit.
Her musky woman scent invaded his nostrils as he moved his face closer.
He buried his face in her cunt and lapped up her cunt juice. He moved
his tongue over her clit and nearly drove her over the brink. "Oh God,
that feels sooo good. Oh fuck, I need it bad. Fuck me with your tongue."
Debbie almost ripped her blouse and bra off, she needed to feel her tits.
She vigorously rubbed her nipples, it was almost time. "Oh Phil, I'm
going to cum, don't stop, fuck me, finger me Phil!" Phil sank two digits
into Debbie's tight now very wet cunt. He began to pull them in and out
while keeping up the constant suction on her clit.  Debbie reached her
climax and began to cum. Rivulets of cunt cream ran down Phil's fingers
and onto the upholstery. She moaned and pinched her own nipples to the
point of pain. After her orgasm she leaned back in the seat to catch her
breath. Phil removed his fingers and gave Debbie a long kiss. She stuck
her tongue in his mouth and tasted her own cunt juice. She began to grow
excited all over again. "That was fantastic Phil, but now I'd like to
repay the favor." She leaned over and unzipped his jeans to reveal his
seven inch penis straining against his BVD's. She pulled it out and
placed the spongy bulb in her mouth.  She tasted a drop of his salty
precum and grew even more aroused. "You taste delicious Phil, cum in
my mouth I want to taste your cum, remember you did promise me lunch."
Phil wasn't about to disagree as his cock grew even bigger and harder.
Debbie teased the tip of Phil's rod with her tongue then all at once
took the length of it into her mouth. She prided herself on giving good
head and it was all paying off as she felt the tip of Phil's beautiful
cock against the back of her throat. Phil groaned his approval as Debbie
increased the suction.  "Gawd damn, you can really suck cock! I'm gonna
cum in a second." Debbie didn't answer, she was too busy bringing Phil
to an orgasm, she loved the taste of cum.  She took Phil's dick out of
her mouth and circled the tip with her tongue, then she blew on the spit
covered rod sending shivers up Phil's spine. Then once again she took
the length of it down her throat, Phil began to shake. His thighs moved
back and forth in an uncontrollable fucking motion. "I'm gonna cum, here
it comes! Oh gawd that's good!" Phil's cock jerked as the hot liquid shot
out into Debbie's now waiting mouth. She swallowed as fast as she could,
but some escaped onto her lips and down her chin. After the last of Phil's
cum was spent Debbie took the sticky tool out of her mouth, gave it a soft
kiss, and tucked it back into Phil's underwear. She wiped the cum off
of her chin with her finger and passionately licked it clean. "That was
great Phil, but now lets head back to your place, I need a fuck, bad.
Do you think you could get it up anytime soon?" "For you baby, anything."
To be continued... Write me and tell me how you liked it! Jim...145...:)

