Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




"DEBBY"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)


	Seven year old Debby Johnson liked to put her hands 
inside her underpants and play with her trickle. She loved 
touching the place in between her legs that had the slit and all 
the things inside it, like the bumpy place at the top that tingled 
when she rubbed it, and the little hole she could put her 
fingertip inside. She liked to watch her big sister Tracy lie on 
her bed and play with her slit, too. Tracy was ten, and she let 
Debby help her put things inside her hole, like carrots and a 
funny rubber thing their Daddy had bought her. Debby wished 
the rubber thing would fit inside her little trickle hole, but she 
hadn't got it in yet. She liked it when Tracy put a pencil inside 
her little hole though, and moved it in and out.  She specially 
liked it when Tracy licked her all over between her legs 
because it felt so nice and made her hips jerk up and down all 
by themselves. Tracy taught her how to lick in between her 
legs, and where it felt specially good.

	Debby felt all funny between her legs, and she wanted 
to play some games with her handsome Daddy. She took off all 
her clothes except her undershirt and underpants, and  went to 
the bathroom.  Her father had just gone in, and was sitting on 
the toilet. She stood in front of him and put one hand inside the 
front of her  white cotton underpants and touched herself on 
her trickle.  Harry Masterson looked at his little girl. "What are 
you doing with your hand inside your underpants?"  he asked 
her.  Debby looked at her handsome father.  "Why don't you 
pull down my underpants and see?" she replied, stepping 
closer to him. He reached out with both hands and pulled her 
underpants down so they bunched just above her knees.  "Why 
Debby Masterson, you're touching your little trickle. Why are 
you doing that?" he asked, smiling at her. This was one of their 
favourite games.

	"I have to pee," she explained, pulling the halves of her 
slit apart to spread her lips open and let her father see the 
pinky-red place in between them.  Her father touched the tip of 
his finger on her small pee hole and rubbed it gently. "Go 
ahead and pee, honey," he said, "Do you want to pee standing 
up?" Harry knew she liked to do this. "OK Daddy," giggled his 
little girl, "But I might pee on you by mistake." Her father 
laughed and moved a bit farther back on the toilet seat, partly 
to give her more to aim at but also to let his erection pop up. 
Debby looked at her father's erect cock. "Oooo, Daddy," she 
said, "Your squirter is all big and hard!" Harry laughed. "You 
like my squirter all big and hard, don't you, honey!" 

	Debby nodded, "I like to play with it - can I play with it 
now, Daddy?" The little girl was fingering her fat slit and 
rubbing herself while she looked at her father's stiff cock. "Why 
don't you pee on my squirter - see if you can make it all wet!" 
Debby giggled and stepped closer, holding the lips of her little 
slit wide apart so her pee hole was unobstructed. Harry held 
his cock right in front of the little girl's vulva and she said, "I'm 
going to get it all wet and then I'm going to play with it and lick 
my pee off it, Daddy." "That's a good idea," said Harry," You 
pee just enough on my squirter to make it wet, and then I'll lie 
down and you can sit on my face while I lick your trickle and 
you can pee the rest into my mouth. Your pee always tastes so 
good." "I know it does," said the child, "that's why I like licking it 
off your squirter." He  rubbed gently on the child's pee hole with 
the bulby tip of his cock, and she giggled and began peeing 
slowly on it. He moved it so the stream of warm urine washed 
all over it, then said, "Can I have my drink now, Miss?" Debby 
giggled.

	The horny father lay down on the floor and little Debbie 
squatted over him, facing his cock so she could play with it 
while he licked her. He licked his little girl's hairless cunny 
while she giggled and then wiggled with pleasure as he found 
the parts she liked best. His tongue felt so good in her little slit, 
and she kept her legs nice and far apart so he could lick it all 
over. He even put the tip of his tongue in her little hole!  She 
looked down at herself and watched as he tickled her pee hole 
with  the tip of his tongue, making her giggle because it tickled. 
She sighed as she relaxed her bladder again and said, "Here's 
your drink, Daddy," and he sealed his lips around the child's 
vulva so none of the precious urine would be wasted, and 
lapped gently at her urethra as it opened.  The stream of hot 
child's urine spurted out and into her father's mouth, and he 
savoured the delicious taste as his mouth filled up with his 
daughter's hot piss. He gulped it down greedily and let his 
tongue lap all over her warm slippery crack to encourage her to 
pee more. When she stopped he licked the last drops of piss off 
her little cunny and then eased her hips forward a little. Debby 
knew what he wanted, and giggled, "Now you can lick my bum, 
Daddy," spread her legs even more, and reached back to 
spread the cheeks of her slender bum so he could lick her all 
over in between them.

	He licked  between the cheeks of her slim bum, making 
her bum hole all wet and slippery just like her other hole. 
Debby sighed with pleasure and relaxed so he could lick her 
there better, and she felt the muscles of her bum hole 
loosening up as her Daddy licked it. Then she felt the tip of his 
tongue go inside her bum, and it felt so good she let her Daddy 
stick his tongue up inside her bum hole and lick her insides all 
he wanted to. 

	Debby loved playing with the thing her Daddy had 
between his legs. She called it his squirter, because when she 
played with it and made her Daddy feel nice, it squirted lovely 
hot thick rich cream out the hole in the end. Debby loved the 
slippery, sticky feel of her Daddy's cream, specially when she 
made it squirt on her trickle crack and rubbed it into her crack 
with her fingers and the big round head of his thing. After it had 
squirted, it would get smaller and softer, and she would put it in 
her mouth and suck and lick on it and it would get all big and 
hard again. Sometimes she let it stay all soft and get her Daddy 
to pee for her. She would hold onto the squirter and make the 
stream of pee go where she wanted it to. She liked it when he 
knelt between her legs and peed on her little trickle because 
the stream of hot pee felt so tingly and nice. She would hold 
her little hole open and he would make the pee go up inside 
her hole and she would feel wonderful all over. She liked to 
kneel in front of him and hold onto the squirter and make her 
Daddy's pee go all over her like a showerbath. Then she could 
open her mouth and let him put the end of the squirter in her 
mouth and her Daddy would pee in her mouth and Debby 
would drink down all his lovely hot frothy  pee.

	Now his big squirter was all hard, and she knew she 
could make it squirt. She leaned forward to it, sticking up 
toward her along her Daddy's belly, and licked the big purple 
head, lapping along the shaft and tasting her own piss as she 
licked it off. She put the big bulby end in her mouth, opening it 
wide to get the big thing in. She loved the feeling of the hot  
thing filling her mouth, and sucked on it as she licked all 
around it. She knew that if she sucked on it nicely, her Daddy's 
squirter would soon fill her mouth with that delicious hot thick 
cream she loved to gulp down. Sure enough, he said, "The 
squirter is ready, honey. Shall I tell it to squirt?" Debby nodded, 
still sucking and she heard her father grunt a little just as a thick 
stream of hot gloopy stuff filled her mouth. She had made it 
squirt! 

	The little girl kept sucking gently on her father's cock 
while the pulses of semen filled her mouth. She loved to let it 
fill her mouth so full that her cheeks bulged out, and then some 
would slide out from the side of her mouth and dribble down 
the side of his squirter. She swallowed a little quickly, and felt 
the thick globs of stuff slipping down into her stomach, just as 
more spurted out of his lovely warm hard thing into her mouth. 
When it had stopped squirting, she lifted her head carefully so 
she wouldn't lose any, and showed her father her bulging 
cheeks. He liked to see how much cream his little girl could 
hold in her mouth, and he sat up as Debby tipped her head 
back and opened her mouth carefully to show him the huge 
white lake of her father's semen. It hung in long strings from her 
upper teeth, and she stirred it around with her tongue while he 
watched. "Are you going to swallow it now, honey?" he asked, 
and she nodded eagerly and drank it down in two huge gulps. 
She loved the taste of her Daddy's cream, and the feeling as 
the slippery globs trickled down into her stomach.

	Debby made her Daddy get up on his hands and knees 
and copied what he had done with her. She licked his bum 
hole till it opened up and she pushed her little tongue right 
inside it and wiggled it all around. She always loved doing this 
because it t made her feel funny, and she rubbed in between 
her legs with one hand while she rubbed her Daddy's big long 
thing with the other. She wondered if she could make it hard 
again so soon, but then decided to see if he could pee for her. 
"Does the squirter want to give me a drink of lemonade?" she 
asked hopefully. Her father stood up and she knelt in front of 
him with her open mouth just underneath his loosely hanging 
cock. She tickled the head of his cock with her tongue and he 
said, "Here's your lemonade, honey," and she tipped her head 
back, opened her mouth wide and held onto her father's cock 
as it started sending its stream of warm piss into her waiting 
mouth. Debby's Daddy watched his little girl's mouth filling up 
with his golden piss, then empty as she gulped it greedily 
down.



	Debby remembered how she and her Daddy had started 
having their special fun together. One day while she and Tracy 
were lying on Tracy's bed with all their clothes off and playing 
with their naked trickles, Tracy told her that she played special 
games with their Daddy. Debby stayed up late and peeked 
around the corner to see what they did. She was surprised 
when Tracy undid their Daddy's housecoat and let a big 
straight thing out. It stuck up into the air, and Tracy rubbed it 
and then she put it in her mouth and sucked on it! After awhile 
she climbed onto their Daddy's lap and  he held the straight 
thing up underneath her. When she sat down it went right up 
inside her hole! Tracy bounced up and down on her Daddy like 
she was riding a horse, and made his straight thing go in and 
out of her,  the way she rubbed the rubber thing in and out. 

	One day Debby decided to copy what she had seen. 
She went to see her father dressed only in her undershirt and 
underpants. She stood in front of him and slipped her hand 
inside her underpants and touched her naked slit. Her father 
looked up at her. He seemed to be surprised by what she was 
doing.  "Are you touching your trickle?" he asked. Debby 
nodded, and rubbed her little slit faster. "Why are you doing 
that?" he asked.

	"My trickle is itchy, Daddy, see?" replied the seven year 
old, looking down at her finger buried in her slit, "And I'm 
making it feel nice," she added. It felt funny, and naughty, to do 
it in front of her Daddy, but she had seen Tracy doing it, so it 
must be all right. Her father looked at the younger of his girls 
playing with her cunny, and his cock started to get hard. 

	Debby saw a lump growing in her Daddy's pants, and 
asked him if his pee thing was getting big. He nodded, and she 
asked him if he would like to see her bare naked trickle. When 
he nodded again she pulled her underpants down and stood 
there with only her little short undershirt on, and stuck a finger 
in the top of her crack. "Is your pee thing all big and hard now, 
Daddy?" she asked. "Yes, honey, it is. Would you like to look at 
it?" Debby nodded and her father unzipped his pants and 
exposed his erection to his seven year old daughter. She 
stared at it, fascinated, and he took off his pants and underwear 
so she could see it better and see his big balls too. She kept 
fondling her small slit while she watched her Daddy rub his 
cock up and down. She liked to play with the funny place at the 
top of her crack, and it felt even nicer when she could watch 
her Daddy playing with his big funny thing at the same time.  

	He asked her what she wanted to do, and Debby told 
him she wanted them to do what  he and Tracy did. Her father 
lay down on the floor and let his little girl examine his cock and 
touch it. He showed her how to put both hands around it and 
masturbate him, and he gently fondled her small cunny area. 
Then she lay down and he got between her legs and rubbed  
that big thing of his up and down along her trickle crack. It 
made Debby feel so wonderful! Soon it squirted some lovely 
thick white cream onto her trickle, and she rubbed it even faster 
and made herself feel all wonderful in between her legs. Then 
her Daddy told her he would make her all nice and clean again 
if she lay down and let him lick her between her legs. 

	Debby liked it when Tracy licked her there so she lay 
down quickly and held her trickle place open so her Daddy 
could lick it all over. He made her feel all wonderful again and 
then she wanted to put his squirting thing in her mouth and 
suck on it like her big sister did. Her Daddy let her suck on it all 
she wanted, and she made it get all hard and big again. This 
time he asked her if she wanted to taste the cream and she 
looked up at him, her mouth all full of her Daddy's hard thing, 
and nodded Yes so he made it squirt in her mouth. Such a lot 
of thick gloopy stuff came out of his thing that she had trouble 
holding it all in her mouth and some dribbled out but her Daddy 
told her she had done very well and that she could swallow it 
like her sister did if she wanted to. So Debby swallowed it all 
and she loved the feeling as it went down her throat in a thick 
lump, all slippery and gooey.


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....
