                              DEBRA
Debra was a friend of mine at work. She was one of those ladies that all the 
guys had to roll up their tongues after she passed, and knew it. Most of the 
time she dressed to kill, and even when she didn't she caused heads to turn. 
When she moved into her condo, she asked around for help moving her furniture,
and when the day came, nobody else but myself and my partner Bill showed up, 
driving Bill's old pickup. Deb and Bill got into a fight after all the heavy 
stuff had been moved, and he took off in the truck and left us with her little 
station wagon and a ton of things to move. We finished about 11:30 in the 
evening, and sat around for a while sipping beer and comparing notes on the "so
called friends" who promised to come and help and hadn't. In the process, Debra
came up with a list of things that people had promised to do for her that I 
took on. Early the next Saturday, I showed up at her place with all the tools 
and supplies that I would need to take care of her list. Debra left me the keys 
and went out to take care of some shopping. I had finished off most of the list
by the time she returned, and was busily putting the finishing touches on a 
deadbolt when she came out of her bedroom dressed in a black string bikini and 
said that she was going down to the pool and to join her when I got done. Now I
hadn't come prepared to go swimming, and all I had was the clothes I was 
wearing ( a ratty Tee shirt and a pair of shorts), so when I got down to the 
pool, I told her that I couldn't get in. She said to empty the pockets of my 
shorts and dump my tee and just get on in, she would dry the shorts for me 
later. Being a married man, and not much at fooling around, I joined her and we
mostly drank beer and yakked. Then Deb removed the top of her bikini, leaving 
her marvelous tits bare to the world with the excuse that she wanted to get 
some sun on them. I managed to sneak a look at them whenever I could and she 
wasn't hiding them, until this old geezer started screaming across the 
parking lot "YOU JEZEBEL, YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR TOP ON!" As he advanced on the 
pool, Deb grabbed her top and asked me to help her get into it quick, then sunk
up to her neck in the water. When the old jerk came into the pool area, she 
stood up and meekly asked him what he was talking about. He ranted and raved so
much that we decided to give up and go inside. Once inside, we had a giggle at 
him and Deb removed her top again, complaining that she may have gotten too 
much sun on her tits. Then she got me a towel and told me to give her my 
shorts. Twas a very strange feeling, sitting there in only a towel with this 
topless goddess, trying not to stare at her tits while keeping my dick in its 
place. We ran out of beer and started in on the bottle of rum she had in the 
kitchen. After about an hour, Deb suggested that I go take a shower to clean 
the chlorine out of my hair. Showing me the guest bathroom like I'd never seen 
it before, she left me with soap and said she would return with some shampoo 
and to go ahead and get in. I started washing myself off, when I was joined by 
my hostess, still in her bikini bottom with a bottle of shampoo in her hand. 
"Let me wash your hair, it will get done faster, then you can do the same for 
me," she said. So I let her wash my hair. Now I'm about a head taller than Deb,
so she had to reach up to get to my hair, and when she did, her firm breasts 
were mashed into my back, and when she told me to turn around, I kneeled down 
so she could have a better aim at my hair and found myself face to tit with her
breasts. When she reached around to rub the shampoo into the back of my head, 
her left tit was suddenly in my mouth. I sucked in the nipple, grasping it 
between my lips and moving my jaw from side to side. Debra pulled my head 
closer and moaned. Then she let go and said "now it's your turn to wash my 
hair, if you would please." I took the shampoo and started to wash her long 
black hair, gently massaging the soap in  to it, trying not to get any  in 
her eyes. While I was rubbing it in, she reached down and undid 
her bottoms, leaving her thick black bush and firm tight ass bare 
to the world. She told me not to forget the other head of hair she had, and to 
make sure that I got it completely clean. I filled my right hand with shampoo 
and reached down and covered her entire crotch with it, rubbing her bush, and 
feeling the heat escaping from within. Debra leaned back against me and felt 
down my belly until she got to my cock, which she pumped lightly in her hand. I
continued to wash her bush, then took the shower head down and turned the water
upon it. While rinsing her bush, I flicked the shower to pulse and spread her 
pussy lips apart, making sure a stream hit her clit. Debra began to pump my 
cock harder and harder until I suddenly filled her hand with a load of my cum. 
Then she turned around and washed my cock and balls and said it was time to get
out of the shower. She grabbed a towel and disappeared into her room. I took 
mine and went back to the living room and sat down at the table and drank 
another drink before she came out of her room. She had dried her hair and was 
wearing this black gown, which when the light hit it just right, became 
completely transparent. She came over and pulled me up out of my chair and 
locked her lips to mine, kissed me deeply and then pulled me over to the couch.
Pushing me down in the corner, she pulled my towel away as I sat down. My cock 
was standing at full attention and Debra sank down on the floor until her lips 
were poised just above it. She reached out with the tip of her tongue and ran 
it around the tip of my cock, teasing it lightly with her touch until a drop of
cum started to form, which she licked up quickly, then started down the length 
of my shaft, only touching it with the tip of her tongue. I sat there 
hypnotized by what she was doing to my cock, not believing that this beautiful
woman would be giving me a blowjob! When she reached my balls, she reached up 
and lifted each one into her mouth, sucking gently and licking on them both. 
Then she ran her tongue down the line of flesh between the bottom of my sack 
and my asshole. It felt like my whole body was beginning to burn, fire shot 
from the base of my cock up my spine to burst in my head. I lost track of 
everything, just feeling her lips and tongue on my cock and balls. She opened 
her mouth wide and moved it around my cock head, not touching it, just 
breathing warm air out and then when I thought I would go crazy, closing her 
lips down and sucking me hard. I arched my back and started entwining my 
fingers in her hair. She reached down and fingered my balls, running a finger 
up and down the line of my ball sack and down towards my tail end occasionally.
My balls began to tighten and she started pumping my shaft and move the straps 
of her gown down so that it fell down to her waist. When I started to cum, she 
stuck the tip of her tongue into the hole at the end of my cock and pulled back
then released me so that I came across her breasts, leaving a string of my cum 
from her chin, down her throat and across each breast, covering her nipples and
coating her cleavage, dripping down towards her navel. She reached down and 
rubbed my cum into her skin, saying that is was the best thing to take care of 
her sunburn. I picked Debra up, letting her gown fall the rest of the way off 
of her petite body and carried her towards her room, where I lay her carefully 
across her kingsize waterbed with her tail balanced on the padded rail at the 
side. Then I knelt down and slowly ran my tongue up her right leg from her heel
to her crotch, then across her pussy lightly and down her left leg. I started 
to return to her right heel by the same route, but when I got to her crotch, 
she wrapped her legs around my head and reached down with one hand and spread 
her pussy lips, pulling my head forward so that my lips were buried in her 
steaming box. Then she held my head still and began to move her hips up and 
down, rubbing her soaking bush across my chin and nose. I shoved my tongue into
her hot hole, and she pulled her legs tighter against the back of my head, 
holding me in place so that my tongue was buried in her. I began to tongue fuck
her pussy and reached up with one hand and started rubbing her clit slowly, 
moving it around in circles and thumbing it as hard as she would let me. Her 
pussy began to suck on my tongue, pulling it in as far as it could get it, then
squeezing it. I began stroking my cock with my other hand, preparing for the 
time when I would be allowed to bury it deep within the hole that held my 
tongue captive. Debra was rolling her hips, moaning and pinching her nipples. I
pulled and stroked her clit faster and faster, until her pussy let go of my 
tongue and filled my mouth with her succulent juice. She screamed and her legs 
relaxed, letting me stand up. I placed the tip of my cock at the top of her 
slit and began to rub it up and down slowly, enjoying the feel of her hot wet 
flesh as the head of my cock glided over the full lips of her pussy and within 
them. Every time I got close to her open hole, she tried to pull me in, but I 
pulled back, teasing her with my stiff member. While I moved up and down her 
slit, I reached up with my free hand and massaged her swollen breasts, thumbing
her nipples and mashing her breasts into her chest. Finally she was begging me 
to put my cock into her pussy, pleading and crying that she needed it buried 
deep within her. I pulled away, then as fast as I could move, I buried myself 
to the hilt in her juicy box. Debra screamed and came immediately, but kept 
begging me to fuck her. So I started moving in and out of her tight hole as 
slowly as I could and keep control over my desire to fill her with my sperm 
then and there. I moved deep within her and could feel the back wall of her 
cunt, which made her jump, then I would move out until the head of my cock was 
just barely within her and she would try to move her hips up to pull it back 
in. Taking my time, I again moved deep within her steaming hole, feeling the 
heat of her cunt around my hard cock and the muscles of her pussy pulling on 
it. Debra was writhing around the bed and I gradually lay down on top of her 
then kneeled with my cock within her and moved her body around until I was 
laying behind her with my cock buried deeper within her than it had been 
before. She pulled her leg up to her chest, and began to move her cunt around 
in circles while I stroked in and out of her. I moved around until I was moving
so deep into her that I thought I would split her apart. Debra was moaning, 
telling me how wonderful it felt, begging me to make her cum. I reached down 
and stroked her tits, squeezing them in my hands, kneading them together while 
I continued my slow strokes in her totally soaked pussy. Suddenly Debra 
stiffened and screamed, her nipples hardening in my hands, her clit standing 
out of her labia and her cunt grabbing my cock so hard that I couldn't move as 
she flooded juice around it. When I could move again, I continued with the same
long slow strokes, and Debra started cumming continually. I could feel every 
muscle in her cunt tighten, then was rewarded with a flow of her musky juice. I
finally couldn't hold back no more and pulled her close, ramming my cock into 
her pussy as far as I could, feeling the sperm come from my balls, down the 
tube of my cock and burst forth within her deepest recesses, mixing with her 
juice to coat my cock. I continued to cum, shooting a total of six times before
I could shoot no more. Debra was cumming so hard and so fast that I had to hold
on tight to her to be kept from being thrown off of her and the bed. When she 
finally calmed down, she pulled away from me and began to lick and suck my cock
clean. I returned the favor, licking her labia clean and sucking her pussy as 
dry as I could without setting off another flood of her juices. When we were 
both done, we kissed, mixing the flavors from both our tongues cleanings and 
pulling each other close.


