Debt
by deirdre

I had never gotten to know my neighbors very well: I live in a 
second-floor apartment in an old house, which has another 
apartment across the hall and one other apartment on the first floor.  
Across from me lives a woman named Diane; we said "hi" when we 
happened to see each other, but otherwise we never really talked.  
She is attractive enough that I thought about asking her out, but she 
has always appeared to be satisfied with her own life and has 
always seemed a bit reserved.  Besides, I have *my* own life.  Some 
guy lived in the first-floor apartment but he was seldom around and 
soon moved out.

I was aware that someone had moved in to the apartment, but I had 
never seen them.  That was the state of affairs one day when I 
answered my door to find two women standing there.

"Hi, my name is Shannon and this is Claire," said one, stepping in.  
She was average height and build, with light brown hair, but 
attractive enough, and was wearing a rather skimpy outfit of shorts 
and a short top.  Claire was a little taller and very slender, with 
long dark hair, and was wearing running shorts and an oversized tee-
shirt.  Claire followed Shannon in but didn't say anything and looked 
a little nervous.  I caught a little smell of beer as they came in.

After I said hi, Shannon added "We're here because Claire lost a bet 
and has to pay up."  As soon as she said that, Claire dropped to her 
knees in front of me, and started unzipping my zipper!  I was too 
surprised to react, and in no time she had my cock out and in her 
mouth!  She was sucking away!  Shannon had shut the door, thank 
heaven and was leaning against the door frame watching, with a grin 
on her face.  I just stood there like an idiot, soon grabbing Claire's 
head lightly, getting harder and breathing harder, and not believing 
this!  I don't think I'd ever been sucked by such an expert--I thought 
I'd keel over.  Soon I was coming and Claire was swallowing every 
drop.  After a minute of making sure she had it all, she let my cock 
out of her mouth, put it back and zipped up my pants!

"Well, bye," said Shannon, "don't be a stranger.  And thanks for 
helping Claire pay up!"  I just stood there in awe as they left and 
pulled the door shut after them.  But then I heard them knocking on 
Diane's door.  I put my ear to the door and listened.  It sounded like 
Claire greeting Diane, and I heard the door shut.  Then nothing.  I 
quietly opened my door and crept over and listened in as well as I 
could.  It was someone talking about a debt.  It wasn't Shannon or 
Diane so it had to be Claire.  And I heard a gasp--and then I heard 
Diane's voice: "Ohmygod!  No!  Please!"  And then there was Claire's 
voice again: "Just relax--she's got to pay her debt."

I could hear heavier and heavier breathing with an occasional "Oh!" or 
other vocalizations, then the distinct sound of a woman coming!  
Then things grew a little quieter and I drew back into my apartment 
and gently shut the door.   In a minute, I heard the door open and the 
two of them leave!  Boy did I have visions in my head that evening.

Naturally I became more interested in all three of my neighbors: 
Diane and I still didn't talk much and I never got anything out of 
Claire except a shy smile though Shannon was always ready to talk 
and flirt.  A few days later Shannon invited me to dinner at their 
apartment.  Naturally I accepted.  And over the next two days until 
the night of the dinner, I couldn't get those two off my mind.  I 
thought they had to be up to something.

I showed up at their apartment and they were both dressed in tight 
jeans.  Claire looked great as ever and I was surprised at how good 
Shannon looked.  Soon after they gave me a beer, Diane showed up at 
the door.  She was looking good as usual, and wore a short little 
dress that looked kind of dressy next to Shannon and Claire.  She 
looked like she might be a little embarrassed about it but it didn't 
seem to phase Shannon.  Shannon gave her a beer and said she knew 
she had surprised us by inviting both of us but said she and Claire 
figured it was time for everyone in the building to get on more 
friendly terms.  I glanced at Diane, not able to meet her eyes and I 
could see she was a little nervous too.

They served a dinner of stir-fry at their dining table, which was lit 
entirely by candle light.  Diane and I were at each end with Shannon 
and Claire in the middle of each side.  The table was long enough that 
this seemed just a little strange: a little like one of those formal 
English dinners held around a table that was too large.  The meal was 
sumptuous and we all had more beer and soon we were all just 
sitting there feeling satisfied.  Conversation had gone well though 
Shannon did ask Diane and me why we had never dated.  Diane (and 
Claire) both looked too embarrassed to speak, but I managed to 
produce an answer that was both diplomatic and non-committal.

After just sitting there drinking and talking for a while, Shannon 
announced it was time for desert.  She and Claire hopped up and 
darted in the kitchen and each came back with two plates of 
cheesecake which they served.  I looked at the cheesecake and 
thought of the incongruity of cheesecake with beer.  But it looked 
delicious and I have a weakness for cheesecake.  Shannon was 
watching both of us, obviously waiting for one of us to start.  I 
finally took a bite and Diane followed.  It *was* as good as it looked 
and I continued to eat.  Shannon said something about having dropped 
something on the floor, and suddenly both Shannon and Claire were 
under the table.  I had only a second to think about how strange this 
was because the next thing I knew, I felt someone pulling down the 
zipper of my pants!  I almost yelled, but with Diane there, I 
suppressed it.  I tried to push back from the table, but the chairs 
didn't slide easily and for a couple of seconds I wasn't making any 
progress.  By this time, hands had pulled my cock out of my pants and 
was stroking it and I had felt a tongue!  I looked at Diane and she 
was panic-stricken.   She was wriggling and looked like she was 
trying to back up from the table.   Then she kind of froze, with her 
mouth hanging open, staring into space.  I don't know how I managed 
to watch her closely since I was in the process of being driven 
crazy.  Still I watched Diane's frozen expression, and then watched 
her body start a slight motion, rhythmic.  Her breathing grew harder 
and harder and soon she was swinging her head around, back and 
forth, and up and down.  Then she caught sight of me, and her hands 
immediately flew up to her face, covering her mouth.  But she didn't 
stop squirming, and soon she was moaning and obviously coming.  I 
wasn't doing any better and soon I felt my cum squirting into that 
unseen mouth.  I was so turned on I felt a little lightheaded sitting 
there.  As soon as I was done, I realized someone was dragging on my 
hand, dragging me off the side of the chair onto the floor.  Once on 
the floor, I felt a wriggling body next to mine and I was literally 
attacked with a kiss.  Her tongue was invading my mouth and soon 
we were kissing up a storm, laying there, and soon I felt her taking 
off my clothes.  I heard moans from another part of the room.  Soon I 
was naked as was my attacker.  Then she told me to come into the 
bedroom and I realized that it was Shannon.  She pulled me up.  I 
couldn't see much of her body in the candle light as she quickly 
pulled me away from the table, but I was intrigued by what I saw.

She pulled me through a door into a completely darkened room, and 
soon I felt a bed which she guided me into.  There was someone in 
the bed lying next to me.  I felt Shannon's lips at my ear and she 
whispered "Kiss her".  She grabbed my head and guided it 'til my lips 
touched other lips and soon I was kissing and clutching that body.  I 
felt Shannon's hand working on my cock and her other hand fingering 
my asshole.  I was so hard and so soon after coming!  Soon she was 
pushing my body to the other woman's and guiding my cock into her.  
I still felt her finger pushing its way into my rear!  I felt other 
hands on me, and I rolled on top of the woman I was kissing.  Soon I 
was bucking and fucking, and I don't know how Shannon kept her 
finger inside of me, but she did.  The woman underneath me was 
moaning louder and louder.  I knew it was Diane from the sounds she 
made.  Soon we were both coming, and unbelievably, it was more 
intense than the previous time!

Afterwards, we lay there and snuggled and kissed, but I don't 
remember too much more.  The next thing I knew, I found us lying 
together in bed in the morning.  Claire and Shannon were bringing in 
breakfast trays which they lay over our laps.  Diane and I were nude 
but under the covers...Claire and Shannon were wearing aprons and 
heels, but nothing else!  When they walked out, their rears were 
there to see and Shannon goosed Claire as they walked through the 
door.

Diane was too shy to sit up since she was nude under the covers, but 
I convinced her it was too late to stand on ceremony.  Breakfast was 
bacon and eggs and was delicious.  After breakfast, Claire and 
Shannon were back (still in the same outfits) to remove the trays, 
and as soon as they had them off, they put them aside, pulled off our 
covers, and literally dived between our legs!  Claire had her mouth 
around my cock and Shannon was licking away at Diane's pussy.

Since that morning, Claire and Shannon have insisted that Diane and I 
move in with them.  I'm still not sure what they are getting out of 
all this, but life with Diane has been nice even if we have been 
getting to know each other under rather unusual circumstances.  
Claire and Shannon have continued to play the servants, always 
limiting their clothes to aprons, but have continued to force us into 
new sex acts.  Lately, they have given us shows where Shannon uses 
a belt on Claire's ass.  They've been trying to get Diane to try using 
the belt on Claire and I think she will break down and do it soon.  
Shannon told me that it is just a matter of time before Diane is 
willing to be on the receiving end.
