Archive-name: 3plus/deca.txt
Archive-author: Rev
Archive-title: Debbie does DECA


DECA is a high-school business oriented class that allows students
to leave school early, and go to a part-time job, and get a class
credit for that work.

Disclaimer:  All events in this story are ficticious (to an extent).
	     The author (not me) considers this material his original work,
	     and maintains all rights to this story, transmitted by any
	     methods.

			Debbie Does DECA, Day 1

	In high school, Debbie had originally joined DECA in order to
get out of school early.  That way she could drop by Brad's and ride
his cock, to her heart's content, before his wife got home from work.
Then it would be off to work, as a cashier at a local supermarket.
	Before she knew it it was time for her DECA group to attend
state competition.  Three days of boring tests and dumb role-playing
exercises, but the great thing was there were thousands of teenagers
there all looking for a good time.
	The first night, there was an opening ceremony, that just
dragged on.  Debbie's mind stared to wonder, as she came out of her
fantasy, she noticed the guy beside her.  He wasn't that bad looking
so she decided to have a little fun.  She placed her hand on his knee
and after a squeeze she began to rub the top of his leg back and
forward.  She leaned towards him and whispered, "By that bulge in your
pants, it looks like you need to go to the bathroom, want me to come
and help you with it?"  He could not even muster an answer he just
stood and headed for door.  She waited a minute, to hold down
suspicion, and headed for the bathroom.
	She reached the lobby just in time to see him enter the men's
restroom.  As she opened the door he grabbed her and ushered through
the empty bathroom and into one of the stalls and locked the door.
	As soon as the bolt clicked shut, he became all hands, running
them up and down her body, while his tongue explored the inside of her
mouth.  Her hand almost instinctively reached down and cupped his
bulge through his dress pants.  Her other hand soon joined to unbuckle
his belt, and then slide his pants and underwear down to his ankles.
Her hands then went back to what she really wanted...his cock, which
by this time was as hard as a steel rod pulsating in her hands.  She
broke the kiss in order to work her way down his body.  Debbie noticed
a drop of pre-cum sparkling off of the tip of his cock so she reached
out with her tongue daintily lifted it up with her tongue savoring the
taste.  His body jerked as just the very tip of her tongue touched his
piss-hole.  Her tongue then started doing circles around the head of
his cock until he grabbed her hair in the back and rammed his cock
into the back of her throat.  Picking up on his minor hint, she began
to slide her lips up and down his member, lightly scraping it with her
teeth on each upstroke.  He suddenly grabbed the sides of head pulling
her off of his cock and lifted her up to her feet.  He spun her so she
was facing the wall behind the toilet and pushed her forward.  Debbie
caught herself by placing her hands on the wall and lifted her skirt
over her taut, pantiless ass.  Then in one quick stroke he sunk his
dick into the depths of her pussy.  Before she could even react, he
started an almost maddening rhythm which started a tingling deep
inside of her.  While continuing this rhythm, he had worked her tits
from the confines of her blouse and bra, and was gently kneading her
tit flesh.  Then he started to concentrate on her now rock hard
nipples, roughly rolling them between his fingers which made her
entire chest warm.  She could not hold back any longer as the walls of
her pussy seemed to grab a hold of his cock and pull him even deeper
into her.  She came as her own moans of ecstasy echoed back at her
from the tile.  As Debbie's pussy tightened, it seemed to suck the
load which he had been trying so hard to hold in.
	After he had put back on his pants, she finally learned his
name, which was Shawn.  He left her his room number and left to return
to the ceremony.  Debbie wadded a piece of toilet paper and dabbed the
mixture of vaginal juices and cum that were now dripping down her leg
then threw the toilet paper and the room number into the toilet, then
flushed it.  Debbie was here to have fun, which meant not just
settling for one cock.  She then adjusted her dress and calmly walked
into the lobby, where she saw one of the teachers, who gave her a very
odd look.  Debbie thinking quickly said, "Silly me, went into the
wrong bathroom," then proceeded back to the ceremony.
	After suffering through the rest of the ceremony, she headed
back to her room in order to get ready for the dance later on that
night.  She opened the door of her hotel room to find that her
roommate, Misty, had gotten there before her and was laying nude on
the bed with a dildo halfway in her pussy.  Misty then notices that
Debbie had come in and all the blood drains from her face.  Debbie
begins to began to unbutton her blouse and said, "Why we are a dirty
little slut aren't we?"  Misty still in a state of shock, was frozen
until Debbie had totally stripped and came over and kissed her
passionately on the lips.  As they continued to kiss, their mouths
slowly crept open and their tongues intertwined almost as if they were
dancing.  Misty's hand slid down the side of Debbie's body, across her
back, and slowly caressed her buttock and gave it a firm squeeze,
which caused Debbie to moan.  Debbie quickly went down to pay
attention to Misty's firm tits, licking around the areola, inward
towards the nipple, then putting the nipple into her mouth lightly
biting it and rolling it between her teeth.  Debbie then reached down
and grabbed the base of the dildo and pushed it fully inside and then
slowly removed it, and then began to slid the tip from the top of her
slit all the way to her ass pucker.  Debbie repositioned herself
moving her leg over Misty's arm, giving her full access to her
drenched pussy.  Misty felt the area and covered her fingers with the
juices.  Misty then proceeded to insert two fingers inside Debbie's
tight pussy, driving them as far as they would go, and then sliding
back, she would spread those fingers apart as far as the walls of
Debbie's pussy would allow.  Misty, unable to no longer stand the
sliding of the dildo across her pussy, said "Sit on my face baby, I
want to suck your pussy while you fuck me with the dildo."  Debbie
more than happy to hear this, quickly moved to place her pussy right
over Misty's mouth and leaned forward so she would be able to work on
Misty's pussy as well.  Misty went to work lapping at Debbie's pussy
while she kneaded and slapped her ass.  Debbie took the dildo, which
was now well lubricated with Misty's juices, and proceeded to insert
it into Misty's tight asshole.  Misty totally unexpecting this drove
her tongue deep into Debbie's pussy as Debbie began to suck Misty's
pussy lips into her mouth.  Once Debbie had gotten the dildo fully
into Misty's ass, she rotated the base, turning the dildo on.  Debbie
felt the buzz of the plastic cock vibrating through Misty's pussy as
it seemed to just open up allowing her tongue greater penetration.
This soon became too much for Misty, as her whole body started to
shudder and pressed her entire face firmly against Debbie's pussy
mound.  The pressure created on Debbie's pussy combined with the
tingling wherever she was touching Misty, soon became too much even
for Debbie as she began to rock in orgasm against Misty's mouth.
Noticing the time, they realized they had missed the dance and fell
asleep in each other's arms wondering what sexual escapades were to
come in the next two days...

-- 
Debbie Does DECA - Day 2

 
       While Debbie slept, the events of the day before played over and
over inside her head where her mind could watch herself get turned on
and watch with satisfaction.  All of the sex she had ever had blurred and
cut together an endless string of body parts and orgasms.  Debbie soon
realized that she was not totally asleep and someone was between her legs.
Debbie opened her eyes and looked down to her pussy, only to see Misty's
head bobing up and down. 

 	Debbie not being the type to turn down oral sex, laid her head
back into her pillow and arched up her rear to push her pussy deeply
against Misty's face.  Thanks to Misty's work, Debbie's crotch was now
covered in a glaze of saliva and vaginal fluids.  Misty broke away to
say, "Get up and lean across the bed.  I want to lick your pussy from
behind."  Debbie got out of bed only to turn around spread her legs
placing them against the bed and leaned over until her elbows were resting
on the bed.  This position pushed her butt out and made her pussy and
asshole fully visable to Misty.  Misty walked around behind and gave quick
slap to Debbie's ass check, which tightened to the blow.  To Debbie the
blow stung at first then it started to warm a fire across her
entire pussy mound.  Misty dropped down to her knees, and continued her
work on Debbie's pussy.  Misty rested her hands on Debbie's butt cheeks
and began to knead them, as her tougue traced along Debbie's protruding
pussy lips. Misty gave each cheek an extra slap before she moved her hands
down to Debbie's pussy lips in order to spread them wide.  This opened up
Debbie's tight hole which seemed to call out to be freed.  Misty first
traced the tip of her tongue around the ream of the hole, then drove it in
as far as far as she could while flicking the tip against the sides of
Debbie's moist hole.  This was driving Debbie crazy with passion.  Her
hands were grasped tightly around a section of the bedsheet and her knuckles
were turning white from the pressure she was applying.  She had also taken a
bite of the bedsheet between her teeth, biting and tearing at it.  This
managed to muffle her crys of pleasure somewhat, she knew if she let go,
the entire floor would know what was going on.  Misty reached out
onto the bed and grabbed the dildo that was left there the night before.
She brought it up to her lips and slid it pass them into the back of her
throat.  After a few strokes the dildo had a thin coating of saliva
coating the entire shaft.  She removed the plastic cock from her mouth and
applied it to Debbie's clit.  She first lightly slid it around Debbie's
silt and Debbie's ass jutted back to meet it.  	Debbie now more hyped than
ever managed to mumble under her moans, "Oh you slut, quit teasing me,
just fuck me hard and fast."  With this Misty pludged the dildo deep into
into her tight hole.  As she drove the plastic rod in and out like a
piston, she used her tongue and other hand to lick and massage Debbie's
clit.  Debbie soon reached the point of no return, and began to buck
wildly against the dildo and Misty.  Even the bedsheet between her teeth
could not hold back Debbie's screams of ecstasy.  Her pussy tightened even
harder against the dildo, trying to pull it even deeper inside, as Debbie
went into orgasmic spasms.  Misty removed the dildo as Debbie
collapsed onto the bed.  Once Debbie managed to regain her senses she
rolled over only to see Misty standing over her licking the dildo clean.
Debbie rose off the bed grabbed Misty by the hand and said, "You've had
your fun, making me cum like that, now it's my turn."  Debbie then led her
by the hand into the bathroom.

  	Once they entered the bathroom, Debbie walked over to the shower
and turned on the water.  Debbie then pulled Misty close and they locked
into a deep passionate kiss.  While kissing, Debbie pulled her hand away
to rub it up and down Misty's back in order to check the running water.

  	Once the water had reached an acceptable temperature, Debbie
stepped into the shower without breaking the kiss with Misty.  As they
both entered the shower, the water sprayed each on the chest and flowed
down the contours of their shaply bodies.

     Debbie broke from the kiss, and said, "I'm going to lick every inch of
that sexy body of yours clean."

  	Debbie drew her now wet hair to the back in order to get it out of
her face, and then went back to kissing Misty.  Debbie moved down to kiss
Misty's neck, as she tilted her head back giving herself to Debbie.  By
this time Debbie's hands had found their marks on Misty's tits and pussy.
Her hand slid around the slick pubic area as the other pinched Misty's
rock hard nipple, causing Misty to moan in delight.  Debbie's mouth moved
to pay attention to the other nipple.

        Debbie's tongue did circles on top of the breast, tightening inward
towards the nipple, until she was tracing her tongue on the very tip of
Misty's nipple.  Debbie then took the nipple, and as much of the aerola as
she could into her mouth, and let her teeth lightly scrap it as the flesh
slowly slipped out of her mouth.

  	Debbie then kissed her way down Misty's taut stomach until she
reached Misty's love mound.  Misty had placed her foot on the rail in
order to spread her legs enough for Debbie's probing tongue.  Debbie's
tongue darted around until she started to concentrate on the inner lips.
Misty legs began to wobble, and she grabbed a hold of the curtain rod for
support. 

 	Debbie then used her finger to part Misty's lips and pludge into the
wet pussy.  Another of Debbie's fingers soon joined the one inside of
Misty.  Debbie began twisting and stroking their length inside Misty's hot
hole.  When Debbie sensed Misty was on the edge of orgasm, she began to
put all of might into the upstrokes.  The power of the strokes were
rocking Misty up onto the balls of her feet.  Debbie's hard and fast
strokes combined with the water running down her body feeling like the
strokes of hundred of hands, sent Misty all the way up on her toes and
arched backward as she came to a screaming climax.  Debbie removed her
fingers and placed them in her mouth so she could lick up and the flowing
juicis from Misty's pussy.  As Debbie and Misty got out of the shower and
began to dry off, there was a knock at the door.  

        Debbie grabbed a towel and wrapping it around herself, told Misty,
"You stay here, I'll see who it is."  	

        "Who is it?", Debbie asked as she reached the door. 

        The voice outside the door said, "It's Mrs. Deme."

 	Oh great, thats all I need is my Marketing teacher nosing around,
Debbie thought as she opened up the door.  "How can I help you, Mrs.
Deme?", Debbie asked, trying to keep a composed voice.

	Mrs. Deme scanning her eyes down Debbie's firm young body and back
to her face answered, "I was just heading to a meeting, and I heard a
scream come from your room."

  	Debbie thinking quickly said, "Oh that, I just almost slipped in
the shower."

  	Mrs. Deme changing the tone in her voice, "And where's Misty at?" 

        "She got up earlier, and went out to get us some breakfast, she'll
probably be back soon," Debbie answered hoping she sounded convincing. 

 	"Well, I was just worried if the two of you were OK.  I really
have to be getting to that meeting," Mrs. Deme said with concern as she
turned and walked down the hallway.  	

       As Debbie shut the door, she slid down the side of the wall until
she reached the floor.  When she reached the floor she started to giggle,
and was soon joined when Misty came out of the bathroom.

  	After having their laughs the girls finished drying each other
off, and started to get dressed.  Debbie dressed as if she had memorized the
DECA Dress Code, trying to strech it to its limits.  She had to settle for
one of the longest skirts she had ever worn, not showing much of her legs
above the knee.  This combined with a blouse and a dress jacket, made her
look nice, but toned down the best parts of her shaply body.  Looking at
herself in the mirror, she hiked up her skirt and slid the panties that
she had put on earlier, down and off.

  	"Why did you do that?" Misty asked in total confusion.

	Debbie smiled as she pulled her skirt back down, "You have to challenge
authority or you just become another cog in the machine."

  	Debbie moved to Misty and began to usher her out of the hotel room,
"Now, lets go grab a bite to eat, I'm starved." 

 	They had just enough time to grab a quick breakfast before they
had to report in order to take the written part of the competition.

  	All of the students were lead into a large room that was at least a
hundred square feet.  The room was full of long rows of fold-out tables
with a single lone table at the front of the room. There were chairs about
every four feet along one side of each row, all facing forward, except for
the one at the single table that was facing the back of the room.  In
front of each chair there was a Scantron sheet, test booklet, and a #2 pencil.

   	Debbie ended up being place on the front row, almost dead center to
that lone table.  A guy stepped up to the table in front of her, and went
into the standard Scantron speech.  Debbie had noticed him before, when
she had entered the room, but had assumed that he was just another
student.  Now Debbie had realized that he must be one of the former
students asked to come back to help conduct the competition.

        Debbie started the test then realized that her lack of study
habits and poor attention in class had once again caught up with
her.  In frustration, Debbie started to look around, only to see that the
guy in front of her was looking down at her legs.  Debbie slid her chair
close to the table so that the people beside her could not see what she
was about to do. 

 	She reached and pulled up her skirt until it was almost up to her
waist.  She noticed that the guy was now giving her a look of amazement.
To this, she answered by taking her pencil and flicking the eraser with
her tongue, as she uncrossed her legs.

	Debbie thought the guy's eyes were going to fall out of his head.
Debbie reached down, running her hand along her inner thigh, squeezing the
flesh there, only inches from her hot opening.  Then she began to use her
middle finger to work at her pussy.  She traced around her moist pussy
lips playing close attention to the point where they meet.  Then using two
of her other finger she spread her lips and slid her middle finger into
her pussy. Her finger worked at such a pace she almost forgot she was in a
room with well over a hundred people.  She came back to reality, and
realized if she continued she would not be able to contain herself.  Debbie
removed her finger from her pussy and brought it to her mouth to suck her
secretions from it, but made it appear as if she was biting her knuckle.
Her attention then turned back to the guy.

  	She could tell the guy was in a real state from having to watch
her and not be able to do anything. Debbie pulled back down her skirt, and
wrote a note on her Scantron sheet.

IF YOU GIVE ME A GOOD SCORE I'LL GIVE YOU THE FUCK OF YOUR LIFE.
                DEBBIE - ROOM #1507 - 7:30 TONIGHT

	Debbie stood up and walked to the front table, handing the
Scantron to guy when she got there.  He looked down at the sheet and a big
smile came to his face.  Debbie took this response as a yes.  As she
walked out of the room into the lobby, she thought, now all I have to do
is figure out a way to get out of going to the ceremony tonight.

  	Debbie was far too sexed up to think clearly, and knew she
wouldn't come up with anything until she got satisfaction.  She knew she
didn't want to wait the time it take to get back to her room, so she
settled for the lobby bathroom instead.

  	As soon as she had locked herself into one of the bathroom stalls,
she lifted her skirt to continue what she had started.  At this point her
pussy would not be satisfied with just one finger, so she immediatly
inserted two in her slit.  Her other hand busily undid her blouse and bra.
She brought each tit up to where she could lick her hardening nipples.
Her fingers were going wild inside of her hot pussy, rubbing and streching
her inner walls, as she moaned and gyrated against them.  Debbie arched
her back and pinched her nipple as she came, thinking what tonight was
going to be like.  After Debbie rearranged her clothing, she went to go
have a quiet lunch, so she could think about what to do about tonight.
She soon found herself in the cafe on the first floor of the hotel.  While
she ate, about a half dozen ideas came to her head, but the simplist and
easiest would be playing sick for Mrs.  Deme.  Looking down at her watch,
Debbie noticed if she didn't leave soon she would be late for her roleplay
exercise.  After paying the bill, Debbie set out at a quick pace toward
where she was suppose to be for the roleplay.

  	Debbie arrived there, only to be given a sheet of paper, and put
into a line, to wait.  She read the paper which stated what the roleplay
was going to be about ... a job interview.  After about thirty minutes, it
was finially her turn.  She was taken into a long hallway with doors on
each side, and was told which one to go in for her roleplay.

  	When she entered the room, there was a desk in the center of the
room with a chair on each side of it.  Sitting behind the desk was
a bearded man, who had to be in his thirties.  	Debbie walked over beside
the empty chair and said, "Hello, I'm Debbie Evans, I'm here for a job
interview."

  	The man looked up from what he was reading to say, "Yes,
Mrs. Evans, please have a seat."  He was rather shocked when Debbie choose
to sit on the desk, rather than in the chair.  Clearing his throat, "Well
Mrs. Evans, I was just going over your resume and sorry to inform you that
you are not quite what we are looking for right now."
 
 	"But sir, I'd do anything to get this job," Debbie said as she
reached down and pulled her skirt up a few inches.  Debbie stood to face
the man and said, "I think I have several assets that would be valuable to
the company," as she unbuttoned her blouse to reveal her bra-clad tits.
Debbie walked over behind the desk and slid his chair back.  Debbie
moved in front of him, fondled his cock bulge and said, "I also give
great oral presentions."

        With this she unbuckled and unzipped his pants, releasing his now 
fully grown cock.  He was far to shocked to say anything, but instead
proceded to remove Debbie's blouse and undo the clasp of her bra.  He ran
his hand through her long hair and let it come to rest on the back of her
head, as Debbie licked and bobbed her head on his cock.  He then pulled
her head down, driving his hard cock to the back of Debbie's throat, 
where she let it sit for a moment then slid it off as she rolled her
tongue around the head. 

 	Debbie stood to remove her skirt, and with one sweep of her arm
cleared the loose papers off the desk.  Debbie than sat on desk, placing
her feet on the arms of his chair.  The man leaned forward running his
tongue up Debbie's inner thigh until he reached her pussy lips.  The man's
tongue delved into the depths of Debbie's pussy.  Spreading her wide so his
tongue could go further in.  Debbie was tossing on the desk with pleasure.
She finally had leaned back and grabbed a hold on the desk.  Debbie looked
down at the man between her legs.  He was currently trying to take off
clothes without having to take his tongue out of her slit.  As his tongue
kept applying pleasure, the long hairs of his beard tickled across her
entire pussy mound.  The man stood up on the chair almost ripping the rest
of his clothes off.  Taking Debbie's knees and pushing them firmly against
her chest, he said, "I am going to fuck you like the filthy young slut you
are."  He started by running the entire length of his shaft along her slit
until it was covered with her juices.  He then brought the tip of his cock
to the center of Debbie's ass pucker.  Slowly he powered the head of his
hard cock into Debbie's tight ass.  Debbie let out a scream as the cock
went into her.  Once he had the head of his cock inside her ass, he paused
to let the muscles relax and accept his cock.  When he felt her ass relax
a little, he inserted the rest of his cock deep into Debbie's rectum.  At
first it was painful as he would ram his cock deep into her ass, and
slowly withdraw until only the head was inside, then ram her ass again.
Debbie then started to get pleasure from his fucking of her ass.  His dick
would slip out of her ass, and when he reinserted it there was no pain, as
if her ass opened up to let the cock back in.  Debbie released her grip
from the desk and worked her hands down her body to her hot pussy.  She
worked her pussy as he continued to pump her ass.  Debbie soon felt the
familiar tingle of orgasm start to come over her.  Debbie placed her hands
back on the desk, as almost her entire body lifted up in orgasm.

        After Debbie's violent orgasm, she fell back onto the desk exhausted,
as the interviewer kept riding her, not missing a beat.  He started to
rock his cock in and out, even harder and faster as he dumped his hot load
deep into Debbie's ass.  Debbie sat up on the desk, and threw her arms
over the man's shoulders.  After giving him a deep kiss, she said, "So
sir, do I get the job?"  

        The interviewer replied while laughing, "You bet your sweet ass
you do!"

        After the two had gotten dressed, Debbie left and headed back to her
hotel room.  Once there, she stripped and headed for the shower.  After a long,
hot shower, she grabbed a towel and walked back into the room, drying
herself as she walked.

        She paced nude around the room, for what seemed like hours to her, to
think exactly what she was going to tell Mrs. Deme.  Afterwards, which in
reality was only fifteen minutes, she jumped onto the bed and picked up
the phone.  Debbie dialed Mrs. Deme's room, trying to muster the best sick
voice, until someone picked up the phone.

         "Hello," a male voice came over the phone.

         "Yes, is Mrs. Deme there?"  Debbie asked wondering who this guy was.

  	 "Hold on, I'll get her," the man said as he sat the phone down. 

         Mrs. Deme's voice came over the phone, "Yes." 

         "Mrs. Deme, it's Debbie," Debbie replied to her in her most
pathetic voice.  "I'm not feeling too good, I think it was some..uh..thing
I had for lunch.  I was wondering if I could skip the ceremony tonight and
stay here and rest."

         "Stop that Paul," Mrs. Deme said with a giggle.  Mrs. Deme
changed her voice to one of caring and said, "Don't worry about it dear,
just get a good night's sleep."  She then said, "I hope you feel better
tomorrow," and hung up the phone.

          Debbie hung up the phone, and exhaled deeply.  Then she started
to laugh as she remembered Mrs. Deme's husband's name was John.  She was
gleefully happy because her chances for receiving an A in Deme's class
just went way up.
          
         Once Debbie had come back down to reality, she started to get
dressed for her 7:30 appointment, and at 7:25 there was a knock at the
door.  Grabbing a blanket, she opened the door to see the guy from the
test with a big grin running across his face.  Debbie shut the door behind
her, taking him to the stairwell.  Once they had climbed the stairs to the
top floor, they saw a ladder going up through the ceiling.  Debbie started
up the ladder first, knowing the guy would enjoy the view of her panties
through her skirt.  When she reached the top of the ladder, she simply had
to open the trap door, and she was on the roof.

         By the time the guy had reached the roof, Debbie had spread the
blanket out on the roof.  The guy started to walk toward her as Debbie
slipped off her shoes, and steped onto the blanket.  They locked in a
kiss, as the guy clawed to get Debbie's blouse open.  While he was doing
this Debbie tried to work her hands into the guy's pants.  Debbie managed
to fumble the button of his pants undone, and slide the zipper down,
causing his pants to fall down around his ankles.

         Debbie used her hand to slide under waistband of his underwear,
down to cup and massage his balls.  The guy's quickly growing cock soon ate
away at his patience with the buttons on Debbie's blouse.  He grabbed both
sides of the blouse, and pulled them apart.  Debbie gasped as the buttons
of her blouse came flying off and the night air hit the bare parts of her
chest and stomach.  Debbie's nipples became erect and felt as if they
might break through her bra.  She reached around and unclapsed the bra
letting it fall to the ground, letting her tits free for the whole world
to see.

         Debbie dropped to her knees, sliding her hands down the sides of
his body.  She stopped once she reached his underwear, taking them in her
hands, she slid them down until they had reached his pants.  The guy's
cock quickly swelled to it's full length as Debbie held it, while giving a
few strokes with her hand.  Debbie brought her mouth down to kiss the head
of his cock, then using her tongue, she encircled the head, lightly
coating it with a thin layer of saliva.  Debbie placed her lips over the
tip of his cock, and drew it deep inside her mouth.  She bobbed her head
on his cock as she massaged his balls and ass with her hands. 

         The guy, trying to slow down the pace, took Debbie's head off of
his cock, and pushed her back onto the blanket.  He leaned over her and
began to play with her tits.  He sucked each nipple in turn, switching
back and forth between them.  He continued this, until Debbie pushed his
head down between her legs.  Once there, he delved his tongue deeply
inside of her.  As he continued to increase his pace, licking Debbie's
pussy, she began to moan in pleasure.  As he continued, his cock began to
hurt, as it desperatly wanted where his tongue now was.  The guy bought
himself up on his knees, and pulled Debbie toward him.  In one quick pull,
Debbie found herself impaled on the guy's shaft.  He began bucking his
hips pounding his cock in and out of Debbie's tight pussy.  Debbie sat up
and threw her arms around his neck.  This put her weight on his crotch as
she rocked herself back and forth on the guys cock.  Debbie placed her
hands on his shoulders and pushed him back onto the blanket.  She moved
her legs to straddle him, and began to bounce up and down on his cock.

         The guy was not about to let Debbie have all the fun, he moved to
play with Debbie's tits as they bounced around in front of him.  Grabbing
each in one he worked them until he made it to Debbie's nipples.  Rolling
and pinching each one between his fingers, which seemed to act like a
speed button to Debbie as she picked up her riding of his cock.

         Debbie arched back until her hands were touching the blanket, as
she let out her loud moans of orgasm.  Debbie realizing that the guy had
not cum yet, slid off on him and started sucking on his cock.  As his cock 
slid inside of Debbie's mouth, she could taste her own pussy juices which were
coating his cock.  After a few strokes inside of Debbie's mouth, the guy's
cock shot his hot cum down her throat, except a few drops that dribbled
down her chin.
   
         Debbie picked up those drops of cum on her fingertip and brought
it up to her mouth and suck the last of the cum into her mouth.  She
smiled at the guy and said, "So was that the best fuck of your life, or what?"

         The guy giving a slight laugh, "You bet, I don't know what I'm
going to do to top this."

         They each got dressed, kissed and went their seperate ways.
Debbie headed back to her room, in order to get ready for the dance later.
She changed into the hottest looking set of clothes she had and went
downstairs to the dance.

         By the time she had reached the dance it was in full swing.  A
room full of teenages moving and gyrated to the loud music and their own
hormones.  Looking over the crowd, she saw Chris.  Chris, like Misty, was
in her Marketing class and also worked at her grocery store.  Debbie had never
really had a chance to get to know Chris that well, but knew that he was
wild about her.  Debbie decided that she was going to get to really know
Chris tonight.

         Debbie and Chris danced for about an hour, until during a slow
song, Debbie whispered in his ear, "Don't you want to go back to your
room?"

         Chris didn't bother to answer, he just lead Debbie to the elevator.
The first thing Debbie noticed when she entered Chris's room was a video
camera, sitting on a tripod.  "What are you doing with that?" Debbie asked
while pointing at the camera.

         Chris walked over to the camera and explained, "The school let me
borrow it, hoping I could get some footage for the video yearbook."

         A big smile suddenly came to Chris's face as he said, "We could
make a movie, sort of a, ha, ha, Debbie does DECA."

         Debbie walked over to the bed and sat down in front of the
camera.  Looking at Chris, Debbie said, "Well in that case, say action and
get over here."

         Chris turned the camera on as he said, "Action!"  He then quickly
made his way in front of the camera, as he joined Debbie on the bed.  When
Chris sat on the bed, Debbie thru her legs over Chris's lap, and pulled
his mouth to hers.  Their tongues explored each others mouths, as their
hands worked through clothing to touch flesh.

         It was not long before they worked each other out of their
clothes.  Debbie pushed Chris back onto the bed and pinned him by the
shoulders.  Debbie turned around and straddled over Chris's face.  As soon
as Debbie's pussy was in reach, Chris started to dart at it with his
tongue.  Debbie first arched backward with the pleasure Chris was giving
her, then she leaned forward to take his hard cock into her mouth.

         Debbie slid slowly up and down on Chris's cock.  Twirling her
tongue around it's head each time she lifted her mouth off of his cock.
Debbie stood back up onto her knees and moved off of Chris.  She bent down
and kissed him, tasting her own juices on his lips.  Debbie steped over
Chris again, but this time over his cock, driving it deep inside of her as
she lowered herself onto him.  Debbie bucked on Chris's cock, riding him
for all he was worth.  Debbie was so withdrawn into her world of pleasure
she didn't notice when the room door opened.  Debbie's head whipped around
when she heard a, "Why hello there." come from the foot of the bed.

         It was Chris' roomates, Scott and Jeff, each with a girl in their
arms.  Almost on signal they all started to strip out of their clothing.
Scott walked over and manned the video camera, as the girl he had brought
straddled Chris's face and began to grind her pussy against him.  Debbie
began and sucking at the girl's tits as she moaned, from the double
stimulation.  Debbie soon realized Chris was about to cum, so she hopped
off, and started to suck his cock into her mouth again.  Then Debbie felt
the hand of the girl on the side of her head gently pulling her off of
Chris's cock.  They both started licking the sides of Chris's member with
Debbie also paying attention to his balls.  Chris moaned as he shot his
cum across Debbie's and the girl's faces.

         Chris looked over at the other bed to see that Jeff and his were
going at it hot and heavy.  He then looked at the camera, to see Scott
busily working to get the best shots.  Then, beside him Debbie and Scott's
girl were entertaining each other by savoring every drop of his cum from
each other.

         Chris got up and walked over to Scott.  As he tapped Scott on the
shoulder he said, "Tag!"  Chris took over the camera as Scott walked over
to the bed.  As Scott crawled onto the bed the two girls' attention was
drawn from each other to him.  The girl he had brought was paying
attention to his mouth with her tongue, while Debbie went went straight
for Scott's cock, driving it deep into her mouth.  Scott pulled the girl up
til she was standing on the bed with her waiting pussy right in front of his
mouth.  Scott began licking her pussy lips at first and then gabbing her
ass checks drove his tongue into her pussy.  Her knees soon began to give
way, so Scott directed Debbie and the girl into another position.  As he
did this, Scott noticed that Chris had changed places with Jeff.  Scott
placed the girls in a sixty-nine position, and then positioned himself so
he could alternate between Deebie's tight pussy and the girl's willing
mouth.  Scott switch his cock between the two hot orafices, until he could
no longer take it.  He drove his cock deep inside of Debbie as he shot his
cum.

        This pace continued for most of the night, until they were all
drained of energy, and passed out fast asleep on the beds.  	

-- 
Debbie Does DECA, Day 3
       

     Debbie awoke warm all over, then realized that they had all passed
out on the same bed last night.  She worked her way through the sea of
arms, legs and other body parts.  She did her best not to wake any of
the others, who were all dead to the world, from all of the night's
escapades.  Once Debbie made it off of the bed she shifted though the
pile of clothing they left on the floor.  She found all of her
clothing, except for her panties.  She quickly dressed in what she had,
and found a piece of paper to leave Chris a note.

               CHRIS, LAST NIGHT WAS GREAT.
               PLEASE MAKE ME A COPY OF THE TAPE.
                                     DEB

     Debbie left the note on the table, and left heading back towards
her room.  On her way back she couldn't help to think how Brad
would get turned on when he saw the tape.
     Debbie inserted the key into the door, and went on in, hearing the
shower as she did.  Debbie assumed it was Misty, so Debbie stripped
down and went in the bathroom to join her.
     Debbie was a little embarrassed when she walked in the bathroom to
see that Misty was not alone.  Misty was in the shower busily giving a
guy a blowjob.  As the guy noticed her, Debbie said, "Excuse me."
     Misty broke from her lip lock on the guy's hard cock and said,
"This is Mike, I met him a the dance last night.  Do you want to join
our shower?"
     A big smile came to Debbie's face as she said, "Sure, why not."
     Misty went back to paying attention to Mike's cock, as she stepped
in the shower.  Mike and Debbie started to kiss, then he started to
move down her chest until he reached her tits.  Debbie's breast began to
tingle and burn as Mike found her nipple and began to suck it into his
mouth, and lightly bit at it.
     Misty let Mike's cock slip from her mouth so she could say, "Now,
that I've cleaned you, Mike, isn't it time you cleaned us up."  With that
they tried to move in a comfortable position in the small shower.
     Mike made it to where he could lie on the bottom as both girls
stood over him.  Misty used Debbie's shoulders as she lowered herself
onto Mike's pulsating cock, driving it into her to the hilt.  Misty began
to bounce and gyrate as Mike's cock slid in and out of her.  Debbie
stepped in towards Misty, placing her pussy directly in front of Misty's
face.  Misty reached around and grabbed Debbie by her ass checks, pulling
Debbie's pussy onto her waiting tongue.
     Misty used her tongue to dance around the opening of Debbie's pussy,
covering every inch, then dove into the wet opening.  Debbie was
becoming wild with passion, jerking, instinctivly trying to fuck Misty's
tongue.  Misty moved one of her fingers to Debbie's ass pucker lightly
running her finger around.
     "Yea, stick your finger in my ass.", Debbie managed to mutter between
moans.
     Misty began to work her finger into Debbie's tight ass.  Debbie's
muscles contracted around her finger trying to hold it in place.  After a few
moments, the muscles relaxed allowing Misty's finger to go all the way in.
Once in, she matched her fingers rhythm with that of her tongue.  Debbie
soon reached her boiling point, letting her screams of orgasm echo through
the tiles of the bathroom.
     As Debbie slid down to pay attention to Misty's tits, Misty's attention
went to Mike's cock which was be driven deep into her.  She could feel him
stretching the walls of her pussy as Debbie's mouth starts to set her
nipples afire.
     With a loud moan, Mike shot his cum into Misty.  Feeling every squirt
of cum shoot inside of her was too much, as Misty trashed her head around,
in her own orgasms.
     After drying each other off, Mike and Misty decided to go get some
breakfast.  Debbie decided to stay behind and try to take a nap.  After
looking at her schedule she realized if she wanted to, she could sleep
until almost time for the final awards ceremony.
     Debbie flipped on the TV before lying in the bed hoping it
would help her doze off.  Debbie laid there for about an hour, but
could not fall to sleep.  Just as she was about to give up trying,
there was a knock on the door.
     Debbie wrapped the bedsheet around her nude body as she got up to
answer the door.  Debbie opened the door to see it was Mrs. Deme
standing in the hallway.  "Can I help you, Mrs. Deme," Debbie said while
trying to the sheet from falling.
     Mrs. Deme cleared her throat before saying, "Debbie we need to
talk."
     Debbie found it hard to talk with the lump that was forming in her
throat, "Well, come on in."
     They both walked through the room and had a seat on the foot of the
bed.  Mrs. Deme straightened out her dress before she said, "I know that
you cheated on the role-play event and that you were not really sick
last night."  "I'm afraid I'm going to have to notify your parents, and
ask the principal to suspend you."
     "Please don't Mrs. Deme," Debbie said in her most pleading voice,
"and if you tell my parents, I may have to tell your husband about Paul."
     Mrs. Deme suddenly became uncomfortable, "Well, if I don't tell
your parents, you still need to be punished."
     Debbie stood and bowed her head, "I'll summit to any punishment
you see just."
     "OK, drop the sheet, and lie across my lap." Mrs. Deme said as she
repositioned her sitting position.
     Debbie let go of the sheet, letting it fall around her onto the
floor.  Debbie blushed at the thought of being totally on display in
front of Mrs. Deme.  She stepped out of the ring of fabric, and walked
towards the bed.  Debbie laid face down across Mrs. Deme's lap at the foot
of the bed.
     Debbie let out a loud yelp as Mrs. Deme's hand fell hard across her
ass.  Mrs. Deme continued, as tears began to flow freely from Debbie's
eyes.  This was much different than the play spanking Misty had given
her, Debbie thought to herself in a pause between the blows.  Then Mrs.
Deme stopped as suddenly as she had started, and started running her hand
over Debbie's ass.  Mrs. Deme's hand soon reached the clef of Debbie's
ass, and began to run her finger along the clef.  Mrs. Deme soon began
to concentrate on Debbie's pussy, running her fingers all around Debbie's
now swollen lips, coating them with Debbie's flowing juices.  With a gasp
from Debbie, Mrs. Deme plunged a finger deep inside the pussy.  She began
to twist and wiggle the finger, causing Debbie to toss her head wildly, as
if being controlled like a puppet.  Using her other hand, Mrs. Deme spread
Debbie's pussy wide, and inserted a second finger into Debbie.  Once in,
she began to spread her fingers, open and stretching the walls of Debbie's
pussy.  She then almost brought them out but instead bunched them with the
rest, and started pushing all five fingers into Debbie's dripping pussy.
     Debbie gasped in shock and threw her arms out to grab ahold of the
edge of the bed.  Mrs. Deme continued to push her hand into Debbie's
pussy, until she felt the muscles contract, and Debbie let out a cry of
pain.  Mrs. Deme held her hand motionless, until she felt the muscles
relax.  She then continued until her hand was wrist deep inside of
Debbie's pussy.
     Debbie was in a total state of confusion, not knowing exactly what
to feeling.  Strong feeling of pleasure and pain were washing over her,
causing her to almost sink into a strange state of euhporia, until she
started to feel Mrs. Deme moving her fingers around deep inside of her.
Debbie started to go wild trashing around on the bed.  Her grip tightened
as she began to lift up the bottom corner of the mattress.  Debbie arched
back as far as she could and let out a scream that seemed to shake the
room then fell back down onto the bed.
     Mrs. Deme slowly eased her hand out of Debbie's pussy, and rolled
her over.  She brought Debbie into a sitting position, Debbie was just
beginning to regain her senses.  Mrs. Deme looked at Debbie's face to see
her cheeks were almost totally covered with tears.  She began to use her
hand to wipe away the tears, then Debbie took ahold of the hand.
     Debbie started licking at the palm, tasting her own wetness, then
proceeded to suck each finger one by one.  She placed the hand back on her
cheek and reached out for Mrs. Deme's cheek with her hand.  She rubbed
her hand along the cheek to the back of the neck.  She then used it to
pull Mrs. Deme to her until their lips met.
     They spent the rest of the day together, giving each other forms
of punishment along with pleasure.  The hours flew by until they relized
they had to get to the awards ceremony.
     By the time they had gotten ready and to the ceremony, it was already
half over.  When the presenters reached Debbie's category, Debbie got a
little nervous.  They called out the 3rd and 2nd place winners, then they
called out her name, she had won 1st place.  She walked onto the stage
and received her plaque and medal.  This means she and Mrs. Deme would get
to go to national competition in Denver.
     Debbie came back to her seat a waited for the rest of the ceremony to
conclude.  Afterward she saw Mrs. Deme again, who came up to congratulate
and hug her.  During the hug, Mrs. Deme's hand dropped to her still sore
ass.  But instead of pain, Debbie only feel warmth and arousal.
     Mrs. Deme then left asking Debbie to call her later that night.  As
Mrs. Deme walked away, Debbie saw Chris walking toward her.
     Debbie found out that Chris had won before she had gotten to the
ceremony.  With a smile coming to his face Chris said, "Gee, I guess
this means we have to make a sequel."
     With a sly smile Debbie answered. "Maybe, if you ask me real nice."

-- 
