				  Decisions
			  (c) That One Skunk, 1994

	"Decide.  One hour." she said as she stared into my eyes,
dripping sweat and glowing with an evil I'd never seen in her
before. My body weak and tired now, I nodded to her.

	"No.  I want to hear it.  Tell me."

	I gathered myself and said clearly "Please, my Queen.  Do as
you wish with me for the next hour."  And with that, she gave me a
kiss and continued her brutality.





	When we'd first spoken of this, she was concerned at first.
I'd told her that I felt we were both holding back when she topped.  I
wasn't giving as much as I could and she wasn't taking.

	"Are you unhappy with what we do, my love?" she asked.

	"No, love!  I just don't want to get caught in a pattern that
doesn't allow us to grow.  I love what we've been doing.  I just think
we'd both be happier if we did something more - intense."

	"Perhaps so.  Did you have something in mind, my precious?"

	It was at that point I explained my idea.  At first, I was to
be hers for 15 minutes - no safeword.  She would start off slowly,
perhaps spanking or the like.  Then as she built up and the 15 minutes
were up, she'd stop for a moment, name a period of time and ask for my
consent for that time period.  If I agreed, I was hers for that time.
If I declined she would release me and bring me down.  Implicit in
this scheme was that she wouldn't abruptly change what she was doing
just after gaining my consent and that I would give my consent as long
as I could.

	I was nervous when we started.  I'm usually a little nervous
when I bottom, but this time there was a touch of fear as well.  I
knew she wouldn't do anything dangerous.  I was worried that I
wouldn't be able to take as much as I was promising.  I feared that
I'd fail her and in doing so, myself.

	She set a timer for 15 minutes.  Then she had me remove me
clothes, kneel and put my torso over an ottoman, a position I'd topped
her in many times.  It's well-suited to spanking and flogging.  Then,
standing behind me and to the side, she began to spank.  Softly at
first, with ever-increasing intensity she brought her open hand down
over my ass.  Each blow was just a bit harder than the last, and after
a while, I could feel the heat of my ass turning pink, then red.  Just
then she stopped and began to caress my ass, letting her fingers
tease my hole ever so briefly.

	DING!

	"Very good," she said, stopping to circle in front of me.  "We
should keep this easy for now, since we're just getting started.  15
more minutes?"

	With a dreamy sigh I replied, "Yes. Please."

	"Very well, indeed," she answered, taking this chance to
remove her clothes as I looked up.  Now, whatever she may think of her
own body, and whatever others may think notwithstanding, I know that
she has the body of a Goddess.  And as she looked down at me looking
up, she could see my lust for her and my awe of her beauty.

	She ordered me to stand up and move over to the rack and to
lean back against it, facing her.  After cuffing me spread eagle
against the rack, she reached into the toybag and pulled out something
small in each hand.  She walked over to me and toyed with my nipples,
grinning and still hiding whatever was in her hands.  Then she kissed
me.  Well, more accurately, she raped my mouth and fucked it hard with
her tongue.  Then, just as I began to melt and grow desperate with
need, she brought the sewing clamps down on my nipples.

	Flicking the clamps and tugging on the chain with one hand,
she reached down to touch her cunt.  Then, slowly, tantalizingly, she
brought that hand, wet with her juices towards my mouth.  I craned my
neck to reach it, but she held it just out of my range.  Then, knowing
how much I needed to taste her, even indirectly by way of her fingers,
she wiped her fingers across my face and under my nose.  Then quickly
she moved to remove the clamps.  Her scent filled my nostrils,
maddening me with lust.  And then she began to kiss me again with
hard, wet, passionate kisses.

	DING!


	"That time again so soon?" she said, giggling to herself as
she pulled away from my kiss.  Then she looked at me, seeing my lust
for her consuming me.  "Perhaps this time you'd prefer to try 30
minutes, my pet?" she asked, knowing full well I would agree.

	Panting, I replied, "Yes.  30 minutes.  Please."


	"It appears that you're overheating my helpless pet.  We can't
have that, now can we?" she said with a smirk.  Then she want to the
toybag and removed what appeared to be a ball of cloth.  "Well, I
suspect that this little device will go a long way to solving that
problem," she said as she rubbed the cloth into itself.  As she moved
towards me with it and unfolded it into a long tube of fabric, I
realized what it was - a chemical-based cold-wrap.

	She wrapped the cold-pack around my chest, making sure to put
the coldest parts against my now-tender nipples.  I yelped and
whimpered as the cold bit into me.  In my distraction, however, I'd
missed her picking up her riding whip and moved behind me.  I looked
up just in time to see it strike me with a loud THWAP across my thigh.
Then again.  And yet again, now moving slowly up the back of my thigh
to my ass.  Whatever recovery my ass had made from the spanking was
quickly replaced with sharp stabs of pain with each fall of the riding
whip.

	"You take that well," she observed.  "I do seem to have some
time to enjoy, however," she added, digging into the toybag and
finding the Squid.  She removed the icepack which had now warmed up,
and began to attack my nipples with the Squid.  Daggers of white-hot
pain tore through me.  But as much as her vicious attack hurt, it
excited me.  I wanted more.  I wanted to feel this way forever.
Glancing down to see my cock jutting outward, she stopped squiding my
nipples and slapped my cock.  I moaned and whimpered as she slapped
side to side, stinging me but bringing me dangerously close to an
orgasm.

	DING!

	"Oh my.  So close and yet so far away, my pet," she snickered.
"15 minutes this time, I have something special planned."

	Curious as I was, I simply moaned softly and said "Yes, my
Queen. 15 minutes."

	At once she blindfolded me and made sure my restraints were
secure.  Then without warning or notice, she slipped away.  Or at
least I assume she did - I couldn't hear her breathing.  I waited.  I
listened.  I knew she could only be gone 15 minutes, but with my
nerves so heightened and my body so aware, that 15 minutes would seem
to take forever.

	Finally, as I was driven to tears, I hear the timer.

	DING!

	She must have been standing right outside the room, since she
was on me in a flash.  She took me down from the rack and put me to my
knees.  "30 minutes.  Decide," she grunted at me.

	I quickly agreed and just as I did, she ripped the blindfold
off.  As my eyes adjusted to the light, I could see that I was
kneeling at her feet and that she was naked.  Almost.

	She grabbed my hair and ordered me to open my mouth.  As she
pressed her strap-on against my lips, I opened my mouth to her.  I
could smell her cunt just behind it, but with a few thrusts, she was
in my mouth and her cock became all of my world.  She made low,
guttural sounds as she raped my mouth and claimed me.

	Then with a sudden push from her, I was on my back looking up
at her as she straddled me.  With a yank, she pulled the harness off
and tossed the dildo aside.  Staring down at me with a wild look in
her eyes, I could see that she was an animal - full of sexual need.

	She dropped down on me, grinding her hot cunt into my face.
There wasn't an opportunity to be graceful or use technique.  I
couldn't even lick.  I wasn't giving her oral sex, I was simply a fuck
toy for her to rub off against.  My face was slick with her juices as
she rubbed back and forth, fucking me, smothering me, using me.  With
a long loud howl she came, drenching me and leaving us both in a
puddle of glistening sweat and cunt-juice.

	Not yet finished with using me this way, she proceeded to rub
herself all over me and then lick off the wet, sticky juice her cunt
left behind.  And as she finally came down from the heights of her
climax she kissed me again, possessively again and again until...

	DING!

	Panting and still obviously quite aroused, she look into my
eyes.  "An hour.  Decide."

	In a similar condition, panting, sweating and now quite
desperate, I answered, "Yes.  Please."

	Back on the rack she put me, and for the next hour she beat me
with her most vicious toys.  The Squid.  The acrylic canes.  A plastic
tube flogger.  My whole body ached, both with pain and with need.
Bloodied but not broken, I stood before her on the rack.  I looked at
her and saw my beautiful goddess and felt lucky.  I felt owned.  

	"Decide.  One hour." she said as she stared into my eyes,
dripping sweat and glowing with an evil I'd never seen in her
before. My body weak and tired now, I nodded to her.

	"No.  I want to hear it.  Tell me."

	I gathered myself and said clearly "Please, my Queen.  Do as
you wish with me for the next hour."  And with that, she gave me a
kiss and continued her brutality.

	She felt around in the toybag and came out with the
ballstretcher.  Deftly she put it in place, pulling my balls away from
my body and wrapping a firm leather strap around my cock.  She leaned
over and wrapped her mouth around my cock, feeling it grow in her
mouth.  My sexual frustration was overpowering.  I was in her power.

	She teased my cock expertly.  Bringing me to the edge and then
stopping cold.  I'm not sure if getting off was possible with the
ballstretcher/cockring in place, but she made damn sure I didn't find
out.  When she wasn't playing with my cock, she flicked her fingers
over my nipples, she caressed my balls, she brought me to the point of
sheer desperation.

	"You have no safeword right now, my pet.  But I'm going to
tell you what I'm about to do.  Not because you need to be warned.
But because it excites me to see you helpless to stop me from doing
whatever I want even when you see it coming.  I'm going to grease up
my finger and I'm going to fuck your ass with it until the hour is up.
And then I'm going to make you make a very difficult decision.  I'll
keep that as my surprise."

	She knew that my ass was a limit.  Various medical problems
I'd had led to two problems.  First, I experienced discomfort when
something was in my ass.  Secondly, my medical problems led me to
associate ass "play" with severe pain.  I'm sure my face turned white
at her words.  I looked at her and saw that, indeed, she was getting
excited at her power over me and at my helplessness to stop her.

	She moved behind me and gave my ass a few spanks.  Spreading
my cheeks, she ran her finger up and down, teasing me.  Then I felt
the coolness of some sort of lube being smeared around my asshole.

	"Relax now, my pet.  Let me do all the work.  You just relax
and be mine," she ordered in a cool tone.

	I felt her slide into me.  I expected it to hurt, but for
whatever reason - perhaps my excitement or sea of endorphins, it
didn't give me pain.  Instead it drove me further still into need.  I
couldn't think of anything other than my lust and desire.  She began
to slide her finger in and out, making growling sounds as she did.
Fucking me slowly at first, then alternating between a frenzied fast
fuck and a steamy slow fuck, she controlled me.  I was centered around
my ass and cock and balls.  She existed.  They existed.  I'm not sure
anything else did.  I'm not sure if I really heard when it went off,
but she did.

	DING!

	She didn't pull out.  She stopped moving, but left her finger
deep in my ass.  I couldn't see her face since she was behind me, but
somehow I knew she had an expression of evil satisfaction over our
current situation.

	She whispered softly, "Well, my love.  One year.  Decide.
Whenever I'm with you, I will have the right to do as I please with
you sexually or with pain.  You'll be free whenever we're apart, but
mine when we're together.  Decide."

	I was frozen as her hands reached around and removed the
ballstretcher.  "Take your time and think about what that will mean,"
she warned me.  "I don't want you making a mistake."

	"The decision is easy, goddess-mine.  I'm yours."
