<<DEEP DIVE>>
 
Downloaded From: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321 1200/2400
                 Clarksville, Indiana 24hrs!  Member of Kyana Network!
 
Rich had been cutting my hair for about a year. It took a week to get an
appointment but he was the best.  His one man shop had the usual waiting room
and the usual magazines -- Playboy, Argosy, Field & Stream.
 
It also had Gentlemen's Quarterly and Architectural Digest -- both mandatory
publications for a Yuppie establishment.  A month earlier I thought I had seen
a copy of DRUMMER half tucked beneath the towels beside his barber chair, but
decided I'd been wrong.
 
Rich said little.  His lean handsome body filled his snug slightly worn 501s.
His crotch showed a distinct bulge while he pivoted around the barber chair,
just what you'd expect from a tight guy with a whopping honker. I had a tough
time not getting caught as my eyes followed its reflection in the mirror.
Sometimes, I thought his bulge grew the more I watched.  His leather jacket
seemed to be more than fashionable as it rested on a hook near the door.
 
Rich's well-built chest bestowed a firm figure through his western  shirt. A
tuft of sandy hair neatly lined his open collar. His moustache twitched merrilyas his warm fingers sped scissors through my hair.
 
Our conversation really never centered on personal stuff.  "Have you ever been
SCUBA diving?" Rich asked as he removed the barber's cloth.
 
"Yes -- got certified this past summer. How about you?" I asked.
"Been diving for four years. You ought to come along. There are a few of us whohang out at the east side of Rincon Beach. We generally meet there on Saturday
morning."
 
I almost felt him take a hard glance at my own crotch as it surged at the
thought of being with Rich for a day.
 
"If you're really interested, I'll introduce you to the Fun Fathom Club," he
said as I turned to leave.
 
"What's that?" I asked.  Rich just smiled as he pulled a magazine from beneath
his towels.
 
"I'll see you Saturday morning," I said.  I made the hour drive to the beach in45 minutes.  There was Rich's old Volkswagen convertible parked on a dirt road.A few Harleys were parked along the almost abandoned beach.  Guys in leather
jackets walked around and were setting up their diving gear. A large tent sat
in the foreground.
 
"You made it," Rich said looking at me.
 
"Wouldn't miss this -- should be quite an outing," I said. "Do we pair up as
buddies or dive as a group?"
 
"That depends if you're joining our little club," Rich said.
 
"Tell me about it," I replied.
 
"Its the Fun Fathom Club. I've suspected you were gay since the first time I
cut your hair, Rich said. "You really respond when I massaged your scalp and
shoulders. Last month you recognized the magazine I had tucked away. I know thefeeling.
 
"You're not a bath house or bar man, and you like to make it with guys.  I knowyou're into more than vanilla sex from the way you looked at my jacket and
admired my left wristband.  That's part of our club. We're into more than
vanilla sex and don't go with anybody who hasn't passed the initiation. We likediving in water and diving in each other's bodies. After consulting the club, Idecided to sponsor you. To qualify for membership, you've got to bring three ofus off us underwater," Rich explained.
 
"There are rules. You dive naked. Your balls will be tethered to the bottom
with a rubber rope.  The strain on your nuts will become intense. The water's
cold. You won't notice it for the first five minutes, but then, it'll be like acold pain, growing worse by the minute. If you touch your tether, you're out.
If you're able to take the cold and please three hot guys I'll give you the
final rites before your surface. Then we pair up and enjoy."  Rich said.
"Are you man enough?" he asked.  I only smiled.
 
Two hunky men in bulging Speedo suits approached.
 
"This is Dan," Rich said. "He'll be your first challenge. He says he can hold
it for along time, so your skill and endurance are the key."
 
I looked at him. Mid 20's, tan, slightly muscular, clean chest and outgoing
smile. "Hi," I said.
 
"This could be quite an outing for the both of us if you are man enough," Dan
replied. "I take delight in seeing just how much you can take.  We don't put upwith sea pussies. But once you're in, you're in."  His strong hand shook mine,
the grasped for my crotch.  "Got a few things down there, I see."
 
"And this is Frank," Rich said. "He's the biggest hung guy here. He prides his
Italian ancestry for that," Rich said. "If you can handle him, you can handle
just about anybody.
 
 
"I'm going to stuff your ass full, and its not with a dead fish, either," Franksaid. He almost sounded sinister.  His black hairy chest contrasted with his
white suit. But underneath -- well -- there no doubt about that basket.
 
"I'll be your third and last challenge. I get to decide whether its your mouth
or ass. But either way it'll be my pleasure as your sponsor. I'll bet you've
wanted to do this for six months," Rich said.
 
"More like a year," I answered. I pulled off my suit at the edge of the water.
Dan and Frank bent over me, attached a leather device that separated my hairy
balls from my prick. The contraption had three chains that met at a metal O
ring -- kind of like a parachute. It felt heavy, but not unpleasant. Rich
attached a 12 foot lead. Frank helped me get into my SCUBA gear.  The straps
cut into my bare chest and ass. I felt conspicuous as hell while all the otherswatched from outside the tent. My cock grew with its attention and I felt as ifI were on display to the world.
 
"Don't drown the pussy fish," one cried.  "Leave some of him for me."
 
The four of us walked as far into the water as we could, then the they attachedtheir fins and towed me along by my balls. The lead strained as we submerged.
It hurt. I felt my nuts stretch downward as all three pulled me deeper and
deeper into the water. The surface warmth disappeared. Noises became metallic.
The light dimmed. I heard a click as a clip on the end of a rubber rope snappedonto the ball parachute. The free end found its place around an old anchor.
 
Without warning, Dan pulled the regulator from my mouth and inserted his seven
inch prick. I looked into his hairless crotch while his cock rammed the back ofmy throat. I sucked and sucked. Gasping for breath, I reached for my
mouthpiece. A few quick gulps and back in went his cock. It felt warm. I could
see his face smiling through his diving mask. Alternating my gasps between his
cock and the air from my diving tank, I began to feel the cold approach.
 
I decided to use my tongue on the tip of his prick to bring him quickly. I
realized that my gasping for air and his prick would make him come soon. But hehad remarkable control. Finally, between gasps, I decided to blow the air
bubbles around the his pulsing shaft.
 
Again and again, I sucked and breathed. My balls became numb. The rubber rope
pulsed with our movements. Finally, with a cry of bubbles from his mask, Dan
came. His jism shot though the clear water like clouds in a sky.
 
Immediately, without warning, Frank slammed his massive into my ass.  It lookedlike a beer can and felt like a whiskey bottle.  Its heat ran through my body.
Riding like a mad man, Frank twisted and turned, causing the tether around my
nuts to stretch tight.
Pain shot through my body. I didn't think I could last. My only consolation wasthat I could breathe whenever I wanted. My heart pounded as my cock strained atthe tether and his thrusting tore my apart. Was it worth it?
 
Rich appeared with more air. We must have been below for about 45 minutes.
Switching equipment, Frank mounted me again. He had a fiendish grin on his
face. I planned to make Frank my first fuck once I surfaced. Then I'd find out
how much bouncing Frank could take with his own balls tied down.
 
The pain was only more intense than the cold. I felt my hands moving toward therestraint in an attempt to stop the pain. Frank saw me. He reached around,
almost reading my mind, and grabbed the parachute. He steadied me with his
body. I realized that he really wasn't all bad. Throbbing inside me, Frank
finally withdrew. He grappled for my regulator. The smile on his face grew. He
thrust his prick into my mouth and shot his load down my throat.  It felt like
fire. Bouncing and turning, he spurted for a good 30 seconds, then lay
motionless inside my mouth. I grabbed the regulator and sucked down the air.
 
Two down and one more to go, I thought. "I don't know if I can make it. My
balls were blue.  Rich appeared, revealing the crotch I'd wanted for months.
Although distorted by the water, his cock appeared almost straight. His shaved
shaft and crotch has a small black mole, otherwise it was shiny clean. Sandy
hair dotted his chest. Although his cock was average in length, Rich was almostas thick as Frank. His would have sunk the Queen Mary. I knew why his pants hadthat bulge.
 
Eagerly, I took his tool into my mouth. Erect, thick and handsome, Rich's cock
pushed gently past my teeth. His body actually had a pleasant taste in the coldwater. I closed my mouth gently and caressed his every inch.
 
I wondered why each guy had a shaved crotch. I'd soon find out. Reluctantly, I
let Rich withdraw to gulp some air. I felt the cold. Savoring his presence, I
sucked him deep and then flicked his tip with my tongue. The cold didn't seem
quite as bad. Minutes moved past. I alternated my sucks on his cock with sucks
on my regulator. Rich smiled.
 
He grabbed for my tits with his left hand as his right attached a pair of
Japanese tit clamps weighted with rocks.  The pain in my tits almost caused me
to black out.  He pulled on the clamps as I sucked his throbbing dick.  The
cold numbed their hot pain.  I almost felt comfortable.
 
With a trembling in his abdomen, Rich began to cum. He withdrew, shooting the
biggest cloud of jism I had ever seen. It wafted in the waters. A smile came
over his face. He flashed an "AOK" signal.
 
The heat of his jism faded into the coldness of the deep.  Suffering extreme
pain, I reached for the tether that tugged against my numbed balls.  Rich
brushed my hand aside and released the clamps.  The fire of their release shot
through my body.
 
I felt a surge of electric pain, yet knew that I'd survived the initiation. Or
had I?  What was the deal?
 
Rich squeezed my cock. I thought he was trying to release it from the tether
until he pulled out a straight razor. Its steel color flashed in the depth.
 
"Oh no," I thought.  Then I remembered him saying about how he had shaved
balloons in barber's school. I lay motionless, just as Frank had been a half
hour before. With a dozen chopping strokes, Rich shaved my aching blue shaft
and crotch.
 
"Thumbs up!" he motioned, finally relieving me of the parachute.
I looked around to see Frank and Dan behind me in the murky waters. Five
minutes later we surfaced. I was frozen, tired and yet hot as we swam toward
shore.
 
"We have a new member --light the bonfire and warm him up," Rich shouted as we
hit the beach. "Prick's clean as a whistle -- the mark of the Fun Fathom Club,"Rich said.
 
Somebody handed me a cup of coffee. From the corner of my eye, I saw Frank
standing beside the tent. I walked over to him. "Frank, I think its time I
warmed up. What do you think?" I asked.
 
"Turnabout is fair play," he said. My former harness dangled from his hand. I
put my right arm around his broad shoulders and took the harness with my left.
We stepped into the tent. It was my turn.
