Archive-name: 3plus/delight.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Delight


Dearest Diary:

    You are the only one I can share this most fantastic experience with! 
It was so beautiful and wonderful and gorgeous and so, so, well, I can't
tell you how totally satisfying!  Gad! I've been with lots of men, as you
know. Heck, I tell ya almost every time, if there is anything worth
telling.  But this time, WOW!

    Today being so close to the holidays most of the offices were closing
at noon anyway.  Well, there has been this man I see almost everyday at
lunch time.  I mean, I have tried everything to get a good excuse to start
a conversation with him.  Darn.  He walks in the restaurant and there is
only one thing I can think of that I would want to eat for lunch!  I mean
he looks simply delicious.  So anyway, today Sheila and I figured we would
take advantage of the chance to have lunch together since the office was
closed after noon anyway.  Besides, she has been curious as hell about this
funny look I come back with every day.  

    When we got to the restaurant we couldn't believe how many people
there were.  It was so crowded you could hardly get in the door.  We waited
in line for what seemed like hours (yeah, I know it wasn't that long, but
you know what it is like standing in line).  So finally this table right by
the door empties and we grab it.  We were discussing what we planned to do
with our long weekend when there he stood.  He was so close to me, his
jacket was brushing my arm.  At first I was annoyed till I looked up and
saw that it was HIM.  I could feel the flush spreading across my face and
it sure didn't take Sheila long to figure it out that this was the man I
had told her about.  And, from the look on her face, I could see she knew
why I was lusting for his bod!  He must have felt us both looking at him
and he just glanced down and this most delightful smile started.  His eyes
were so warm, god, I don't wanna think how long I must have stared.  

    "Looks sort of crowded here today," he said in a voice that belongs in
every woman's bedroom.  Deep and so self-confident.  I must have sounded
like an immature school-girl with a crush when I stammered "Yes, yes it
is."  He started to turn to leave when Sheila, bold as you please, said,
"Hey, we have plenty of room at this table, why don't you join us?"  I
couldn't hardly believe it when he turned back with this grin that was
bigger than life and said, "Well, I would be honored to share a table with
two such lovely ladies, but only if you let me treat you to lunch."  I
mean, how could we have said 'No'?  

    So he sat in the chair between Sheila and I.  Since the table was not
really that large, it was hard not to avoid contact with him during lunch,
but then I wasn't trying very hard.  I have no idea what we talked about. 
I think we did discuss things like business and where we all lived and what
our professions were and stuff like that.  I really wasn't listening.  His
leg kept rubbing against mine and every so often he would move his napkin
and accidentally brush my knee.  Every time he touched me it sent shivers
through me.  After lunch we sort of stalled, not wanting to leave.  But
then he didn't seem to be in much of a hurry himself.   But we were getting
dirty looks from everyone that was still waiting for a table and realized
we couldn't just sit there all afternoon.  So, thanking him for lunch,
Sheila and I left the restaurant and were standing on the walk outside when
he came out the door.  He smiled at us and turned to walk down the street. 
We were just exchanging some rather disappointed expressions when he turned
back as though he had forgotten something.  

    "Ladies, I know we just met and this may be presumptive of me," he
said in a voice that sounded anything but presumptive, "but would you both
care to join me for a few drinks?"  One look at Sheila and we both knew the
answer to that one!  But I think we sounded like mature women when we both
said, "Of course!"  Well, you know the business district doesn't really
cater to cocktail lounges, I mean that isn't really the area for that type
of place.  It must have occurred to him, also that there really wasn't a
lounge in the area.  Looking more bashful than I would expect him to look,
he said, "I hope you don't misunderstand, but it would seem the most
appropriate place would be the lounge in the Hyatt Regency around the
corner."

    We didn't have to think twice.  Besides, he was right.  The hotel was
the closest nice lounge in the area.  I could feel myself getting all warm
just from thinking of walking into a hotel with him - even if it was only
for drinks.  A glance at Sheila told me she was getting extremely
interested herself.  Sheila and I may work together and we are good friends
in a professional sort of way, but this is really the first time that we
have ever been interested in the same man for any reason other than
strictly business.  And while she and I talk a lot about our sex lives,
well, I wasn't real sure how to proceed now.  I sure didn't want any
problems with her after the afternoon because I made a move on this hunk
and she wanted to.  But there wasn't any time to really discuss the
strategy of the day.  He seemed to be equally interested in us both, and it
didn't seem that all he would consider was a couple drinks before catching
a train home.

    He selected a table that was so secluded, one would wonder how the
waitress even knew it was there.  After a couple drinks, the conversation
got a little more personal.  Sheila and I found we made a good team for
flirtation and he certainly did not seem to be annoyed at our mutual
efforts of seduction.  He no longer pretended his touches were accident and
he got bolder by the minute.  Of course, I wasted no time in reciprocating. 
I was rubbing my hand along his inner thigh when I brushed Sheila's hand. 
She was doing the same thing!!!  We both quickly pulled away, sort of
embarrassed and annoyed at the same time.  And he just grinned!  "Now,
ladies, I have two legs."  We couldn't help but laugh - and immediately
resumed our caresses.  I glanced at Sheila and her face seemed to be as
intrigued by these new possibilities as I was feeling.  I mean.  We got
along good.  And neither of us were considering a long-term relationship
with his man.  So? what could be wrong with sharing?  He certainly seemed
man enough for two women if any man could be.  I had never really been in a
three-way, but the thought was not unappealing to me.  In fact, if anything
could have gotten me more turned on at that moment, I sure don't know what
it would be!

    After a couple more drinks and a lot more rubbing all ways, we decided
a room would be more appropriate if we wanted to continue to get
acquainted.  He picked up a couple bottles of excellent wine and we went up
to the room.  He seemed to be experienced at this sort of thing because he
knew just how to make the transition feel comfortable and so natural.  He
poured us each a drink and then took a position between Sheila and I on the
bed.  The way Sheila and I started, he must have thought we had plenty of
practice at this sort of thing ourselves.  But we just sort of let nature
take its course.  While I was giving him a long, probing kiss, Sheila
removed his tie.  Then when she moved to give him a kiss, I helped get his
jacket off.   While Sheila was exploring his mouth with her tongue, I
started to unbutton his shirt, my lips trailing down his bare chest as I
opened each successive button.  

    I nuzzled the shirt back with my lips and nose, breathing softly on
the hairs, my lips leaving a moist trail to mark the way.  When I found a
nipple, I first licked it slowly, my tongue moving back and forth across
its sudden firmness.   One of his hands was stroking my hair while he was
rubbing Sheila's back with the other.  She was kissing on his neck and he
seemed to be surrendering to just lying there while she and I both explored
his chest with our mouths.  We each toyed with a nipple while caressing his
inner thigh with a hand.  Alternately we stroked the bulging lump in his
pants.  Finally we both started moving downwards with our mouths, almost as
though we were a team.  Stroking.  Kissing.  Licking.  Caressing.  When we
reached his belt, she helped free it from its keeper; then while I
unbuckled it, she helped steady it.  No more had I freed his belt than she
unbuttoned his trousers.  We were so anxious to feast our eyes <and our
mouth> on that bulge!  Together we lowered his trousers and shorts.  

    His hard-on sprang to attention freed from the restrictions of his
clothing.  We each kissed and licked on a side, sharing the delicious taste
of his cock.  While she was sucking the smooth head into her lips, I moved
down and drew his firm balls into my mouth.  My hand slide under him and
caressed the crevice of his ass.  He cooperated by spreading his legs
further.  Sheila and I continued to take turns delighting in sliding his
cock in and out of our mouths while the other alternately gave him
passionate kisses or just lolled his balls in our mouth.   Listening to his
guttural moans just excited us more.  We settled in to business and since
it seemed she could draw more of his massive erection into her mouth than I
could, I contended myself with his balls and the firm bridge behind them. 
Licking at the base of his cock, I could feel the pulsing that alerts to a
geyser about to erupt.  Sheila started bobbing her head up and down faster
and faster.  I could feel as she drew on his cock because his balls would
contract in my mouth.  I started massaging his tight hole with a finger,
probing in time with Sheila's deep sucks.  As I felt him lurch upwards into
her mouth, I pushed my finger in as far as I could while licking madly on
his balls.  I was so hot, I thought I would cum just feeling him cum in her
mouth.  His juices flowed into her mouth, what she couldn't swallow fast
enough ran down the length of his member, soaking my face.  I licked at the
surplus as fast as I could, thriving on the salty-liquid as though I had
been dying of thirst.

    We gently caressed him while he slowly relaxed and came down to earth. 
Suddenly he got that slow smile again that just sort of wilted me to the
core.  "Ladies!  You are both fully dressed!  Here I lie, totally exposed
to you both and you are dressed for a business meeting??  That isn't very
fair, is it?"  Well, we had to agree that it did seem rather unfair for us
to be attired while he was nude.  While we were both pondering how to
gracefully correct the situation, he suggested, "You know, if you would
undress each other, I'm sure it would help speed my, er, recovery from that
totally delightful experience."  

    Just one look at Sheila and suddenly I wanted very much to participate
in helping her undress.  I was so wet already and she was so lovely to look
at.  I had never been with a woman before, but it seemed so PERFECT and
natural.  While he moved up further on the bed, Sheila and I embraced each
other.  Kissing her was not that unlike kissing a man, but it was
different.  Softer somehow.  Now I knew why men liked kissing women!  It
sure felt good.  We warmed to our embrace within seconds.  Slowly we each
began to open the others blouses.  I would kiss her cheek and neck while
she leaned down to unbutton a lower button; then she would stroke my hair
while I opened her blouse further.  We worked slowly on each other. 
Somehow the fact he was watching us was forgotten and we just enjoyed each
other.  This procedure seemed to be hindering the real pleasures that we
were anxious to share so we just stood and each removed our remaining
clothes quickly before bringing our naked bodies together in a long, close
embrace.  Our breasts massaged each other and we each placed a thigh
against the others wet cunt, rubbing our bodies against the pressure we
felt there.  Our hands explored the soft sensations of stroking another
woman.  She moved her head down, taking one of my nipples and licking it in
a way I had never quite experienced before.  My pelvis was sliding along
her thigh, giving it a lotion job like no bottle-ointment ever could.  

    I slid my hand between our bodies and found her thatch.  While she
continued to suck and kiss my breast, I fingered the firmness of her clit. 
The reaction was instantaneous as she thrust herself up to my finger.  She
immediately slid a wet finger down to rub my clit and we both moved our
legs to allow the other unrestricted access.  We had moved on the bed so
that he could now see our hands busily stroking each others wet cunts.  He
was positioned just below our spread legs - nothing was hidden from him as
we spread our legs for each other and began to finger-fuck the other. 
Coupled with the blow-job we had given him earlier and our own excitement
from that, it didn't take long before our muscles were clenching each
other's fingers and we were thrusting in the throes of a gut-wrenching
climax.  My own seemed to be welling from areas within me I didn't even
know existed as the spasms swept through my body and I could hardly catch
my breath.  I muffled my moans by bringing her tit into my mouth and
sucking on the nipple, my tongue flicking across it as my hips ground hard
on her hand.  She knew just how to rub!  

    We both collapsed, giving each other a gentle, satisfied kiss.  Lying
on the bed, our breathing pumped in synch with each other.  Moisture made
our bodies gleam in the dim light of the room.  He thoughtfully went to get
some soft, fluffy towels and set to work with both hands, wiping each of us
dry.  That helped us come back to earth.  "I've never been with a woman
before." Sheila murmured.  "Neither had I," I responded.  Simultaneously we
both said, "I liked it!" then we busted out in a giggle fit while he sort
of chuckled like he had known we would all along.  Sipping on the wine he
had poured for us, it became apparent he had been right.  Watching us had
helped his recovery!  Even the brief period of relaxation had not
diminished the amount of recovery he had obviously experienced.   

    We merged into a three-way embrace, alternating sharing kisses with
each other while our hands stroked indiscriminately at whatever body found
itself closest to our hand at the moment.  While he alternately kissed her
or I, she and I tongued each others mouths in new found pleasures.  As we
lay side by side, he moved between us.  First sucking her nipple while
fingering mine, then switching.  Moving down our bodies as we kissed, he
gave equal attentions to each of us, finally positioning himself between
our hips so that he could finger us both.  We continued to kiss and caress
each other while his hands probed our thatches, finding our buttons and
turning us both on!  I could feel the juices running down my backside as he
plunged a finger into my hole; just knowing she was experiencing the same
thing at the same moment brought me to a climax within a few strokes.  Her
hip moving in time with mine caused the sensations to swirl around me and I
was engulfed in the thrills of nerves I didn't even know existed.  I
thought making love to a man was ecstacy.  This was pure Utopia.  

    As he plunged his head into her thatch, he ran a finger further back
to my own tight hole and started to probe.  One finger plunging into my
cunt-hole; another pushing its way past the tightness of my ass; and his
palm rubbing my clit.  I couldn't even tell anymore if I was having
hundreds of climaxes or just one that was boiling over.  My stomach muscles
were gyrating as my hips plunged against his attentions.   The climax had
finally built to a stage that was so intense it was almost painful.  I
rolled away from him, seeking some respite from the intensity.  As though
understanding, he diverted his full attentions to Sheila.  Hooking his arms
under her knees, he seemingly bent her in half.  Bracing himself on his
hands, he moved his swollen cock closer to her dripping hole.  Her groans
told me how anxious she was to have it plunged into her and I moved down
behind them.  I used my lips and mouth to slowly maneuver him over target. 
As he thrust into her, it placed his ass against my mouth.  I immediately
began licking his crack and tight hole, probing with my tongue at the
rapidly moving target.  I slid a hand under Sheila, and with a finger began
to also probe her ass while my tongue continued to try finding its way into
his.  He thrust in and out, plunging to the bottom of her chasm, forcing
more and more juices out each time to lubricate her back end to my caresses
on her.  Both of them were muffling their moans of pleasure against each
other's mouth.  Finding the position I was in rather difficult to maintain
with two thrusting rumps, I pulled away and contented myself with giving
them each a good finger-fucking in the ass while they fucked each other. 
This time their climaxes merged into one long, howling surge of raw passion
as his cum filled and mingled with hers.  

    Later, we laid on the bed wrapped in an embrace that somehow had all
of us holding the other two.  "Do you ladies have any plans for the
weekend?"  A glance at Sheila and we both murmured in unison, "We do NOW!"
In a teasing voice he said, "Good.  You know, there is an Adult Toy Store
just around the corner.  Care to go shopping later?"  Delighted giggles
gave him his answer.  

    A delightful, satisfying weekend was had by all.

--
