Copyright © 1997, Bobby Lee,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.                     



    	         The Dentist

                              by

                          Bobby Lee



   Judy Parslow was ten minutes early for her appointment. The petite
   mother of two was filled with anxiety as she thought of the painful
   root canal procedure that was recommended during her last visit.

   She thought about Dr. Scott Franklin, her family's denist. Scott was
   a bachelor and somewhat handsome in a rugged way. A caring man that
   had a thriving practice and he was always so professional.

   Soon, too soon, the receptionist called her name and she was lead
   to Treatment Room 3 , seated and draped by an assistant. Her
   X-rays, taken on the last visit, were placed in the viewer and an
   assortment of instruments, in a sterile towel was placed on the
   adjacent tray. Roxy, the Dental Assistant, made some small talk,
   asked about the children and left just as Dr. Franklin entered the
   room.

   Judy was somewhat relieved when Dr. Franklin explained there would
   be minimum pain and discomfort. He was using a new drug,
   Scopalamine, which would be injected in her vein before surgery
   commenced. He explained that Scopalamine would cause her to forget
   the pain as soon as she felt it and it had none of the dazing side
   effects of drugs like sodium pentathol. She could go home
   unassisted as soon as he was finished.

   "What a relief"; Judy thought.

   With that, Dr. Franklin injected the drug in her vein. Judy felt a
   relaxing warmth spread through her body. She was soon in a dream
   like trance fully aware of her surroundings but she was unable to
   move a single muscle. Judy's eyes were open and her head was tilted
   down so she could only see in front of her body and the floor.

   Judy could see Scott Franklin's hand as it moved up her thigh and
   under her dress. She could feel him caress her vaginal lips and
   clitoris through her panty crotch. She could feel her panties
   getting wet from the lubricant flowing from her vagina. Judy could
   see Scott's hand as it unbuttoned the top of her dress and deftly
   removed her sensitive breasts from their restraining cups.

   She could hear herself saying; "No, No, don't touch me like that -
   stop it! Please don't touch me there - please don't, only my
   husband can touch me like that."

   But not a murmur escaped her lips. She could feel his warm, wet
   mouth gently sucking on her right breast, drawing on the round,
   pink nipple, sucking - oh so softly. At the same time she could see
   fingers squeezing and tweaking her left nipple.

   A single finger wormed it's way under the legband of her panty
   crotch. The same inquisitive finger touched her bare clitoris and
   sent a thrill up her belly. Judy closed her eyes and pretended the
   finger was that of her husband.

   But no, this finger was caressing her inner lips, her clitoris and
   then tracing the outline of vaginal rim. No, this finger was far
   too sexy to be that of her husband Chuck. This finger was making
   her hot. Though she fought it, it was arousing her and make her
   want more.

   She felt her head being tilted backwards and smooth lips pressed
   themselves against hers with a passionate kiss then her head fell
   forward to it's original position. Judy saw large hands pushing her
   dress up until the hem was above her hips. One of these hands
   pulled her panty briefs away from her stomach while the other hand
   disappeared underneath and once again having it's way with her
   throbbing, aroused clitoris.

   Suddenly she felt her panties being tugged off her hips, down her
   thighs, calves and then off her shoes.

   Now her legs were being pulled forward and warm hands spread her
   thighs. She could feel Scott's fingers spreading her love cleft and
   then a marvelously wet tongue sought out and stimulated her
   quivering clitoris. The motion of the tongue was circular and the
   pressure was teasingly light.

   Soon she felt lips surrounding that small appendage of flesh,
   sucking, pressing and taking her on a journey of sexual ecstasy.
   She had never been this aroused. In her marriage she had
   experienced only two orgasms in seven years. She knew the feeling
   of an orgasm and she also knew one was nearing - very rapidly.

   As she sat there in this aroused state, she could see Scott remove
   his white smock, lower his pants and shorts then stroked his erect
   penis. At nine inches in length and thick as her wrist, it was the
   largest penis she had ever seen, much often felt inside her. It was
   almost twice as large as her husband's and the mere sight of such
   a large organ filled her with sexual anticipation.

   Scott rubbed his penis over her pubic mound, pushed it downward
   into the valley of her pussy and caressed her clitoris with
   it's head. Soon he pushed the head into her vaginal entrance and
   penetrated her only slightly. His penis was so large that it
   stretched her vagina and gave her a feeling of fullness. At the
   same time he commenced sucking her nipple again.

   The effects of the drug were wearing off. Judy lifted her hips and
   pushed forward. This caused Scott's penis to penetrate her fully.
   Scott began a rhythmic pumping action withdrawing and then pressing
   his penis fully inside Judy's vagina.  This action caused her small
   inner lips to pass over her swollen clitoris giving her the
   ultimate pleasure of sex. Almost immediately she exploded in
   orgasmic fury.

   She screamed; "I'm commming Scott, Oh God I'm commmmming!"

   Soon after her orgasmic throes subsided, she started to cry.
   Sobbing that the shame of her lust was unbearable and that her
   husband, Chuck, would surely discover her infidelity.

   Scott tenderly kissed her tears away and explained it was not her
   fault, that he had seduced her while she was under the influence
   of a powerful drug. There was really no reason for anyone to know
   what had happened. Then Scott started pumping her again, very
   slowly. Judy began to respond as Scott lowered his head and
   suckled her nipple again. Soon the pace quickened and Judy could
   fell Scott's penis jerking violently inside her as his semen left
   it's head and entered her awaiting vagina.

   The couple kissed tenderly for a few minutes then Judy surprised
   Scott by saying; "Can we  do it again - please?" At last report,
   they met often at his office for very special treatments and no one
   was ever the wiser......

                        ---- Finis ----











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....