Archive-name: Casual/des-adve.txt
Archive-author: Appolonia Kotero 
Archive-title: Desire's Adventure

 
     Desire(pronounced dez-er-ray) O'Neil was her name.   She was
the sexiest woman that Michael had ever seen.  Michael clearly 
sensed her loveliness across the room. Her cascading brown hair,
her beautiful face, her wonderful red dress that clung to her
entire voluptuous body, and her chocolate colored skin all came
together to make up an resistible creature. 

     Desire had been watching Michael across the room all night. 
She imagined his deep-brown chest clung to her naked breasts and
him  kissing her all over her body.  She winked at him across the
room.

     Pushing his way through all of the people, Michael found his
way across the room.  Because of the loud party music Michael had
to shout in her ear," How would you like to come to my place
after the party?"

     "Sure," said Desire,"How about now?"

     "O.K."

     In the car both Michael and Desire were anticipating what
was about to occur.  Michael pulled up to his apartment complex. 
They got out of his car and then entered his apartment.  "How
quaint.",Desire thought to herself.  Michael left Desire on the
couch and went into the other room.  Desire heard mumbling.  When
Michael came out, she asked him about it.  He told her that she
must be hearing things.  She believed him since she had quite a
few drinks at the party.

     Michael looked deeper into her brown eyes.  "You're 
beautiful."

     "Thank you."

     "Would you like to watch a movie?"

     "Sure."

     Michael inserted the movie in the machine and returned to
the couch.  He kissed her gently.  She loved his manly scent.  It
was  getting her really horny.  She could feel her underwear
getting  wet.  He kissed her harder and caressed her body.  She
began to notice that this hum-drum movie gradually had turned in
to a porno flick!  She had sex many times and enjoyed it but
never really watched porno movies or tried anything too kinky. 
She observed the woman on the screen sucking dick.  She wondered
how on earth she fitted the man's dick in her mouth.  It looked
interesting to her.  The man in the movie began fucking the woman
real hard and fast.  The man's dick was incredibly large but
somehow he managed to get all 10 inches of it inside of her. 
Desire was getting really turned on and Michael knew it.  Then
two other men joined in, one sucking her tit and the other
receiving a blow job.   Michael whispered, "Are you enjoying the
movie?"

     "Yes.",said Desire who was getting very wet.

     The woman's multiple orgasms caused her to pant
involuntarily.  "Would you like to be in her place getting all of
that attention?",said Michael.

     "Yes.", Desire said hypnotically.

     Michael pealed off her dress.  He sucked and teased her
brown nipples as they stood at attention.  He felt the springy
pubic hair.  She wanted him to feel her clit so bad.  She reached
for his crotch.  He stopped her and got up.  He told her to go to
the bedroom and remove everything else, lay down in the bed and
wait for him.  She did as he asked.  She couldn't wait to have
that black piece of meat in her pussy.  In and out, in and  out. 
Oh how she wanted and needed it bad.  He entered the room naked
and when she saw his twelve incher she was on the brink of an
orgasm.  She lay still in the bed as he crawled on top of her
like a savage beast.  He stalked his prey.  He licked her nipples
wildly and found his way down to her springy triangle.  He licked
the juices of her purple pussy like a crazed man.  She climaxed
immediately.  She now was dying for that twelve-inch love muscle. 
She spread her legs wide.  He gradually entered her warm pussy. 
He pumped her in a rythmn.  It felt so good to her.  After each
thrust he would say a word that finally formed a
sentence."Close--ugh--your--ooh--eyes---ah---I---have---a--gifttt
t--ah--ah-for---yooooooou."  She closed for eyes then she felt a
man sucking her tits and some skin touching her mouth.

     It was just like in the movie!!!  He had been talking to
someone.  She took the cock slowly in her mouth since it was her
first  blow job.   Was this heaven or was this heaven?  They all
changed position so one man was in her ass, Michael's twelve inches
in her pussy and the other remained in her mouth.   Her eyes rolled
back in her head as she had her next orgasm and  simultaneously the
cock in her mouth exploded.  She swallowed every drop.  He then
played with her tits awaiting for Michael and the other guy to cum. 
She let them pump till their hearts content.  It was earth
shattering.  They had timed it while one cock was going in, the
other would be going out.  Finally they both climaxed as she had
her final and biggest orgasm.  She felt the sperm oozing out both
her ass and pussy.  The other two guys left.

     She and Michael took a warm shower together.  Michael's shaft
was erect again!  She sucked on his cock with confidence.  She
wanted to fit it deep in to her throat.  Realizing it as being
impossible she came back to her feet and let him fuck her one last
time before they retired to his bed where both Desire and Michael,
bodies intertwined, fell into a deep pleasureful slumber.

--
