IIt was 4 AM and the lightbulb had blown. His studies would end 
here for tonight, he thought.  A scream of frustration welled in 
his throat.  So close!  Another few hours of the usual intense 
concentration, and the deepest secrets of living tissue would 
have been his.  But now his concentration was broken; the 
secret would remain beyond his grasp for - how long?  A day?  
A year?  There was no way of klnowing.  He uttered a feww words 
in a language more ancient than mankind and erased a space 
in the circle of violet chaalk which surrounded him and walked up 
the cold, stone steps of the basement.  

He made his way to his bedchamber, and tossed and turned for 
an hour, his mind seething with rage against fatte.  Finally, he 
dropped off to sleep, and he dreamed.

Upon awakening, the secret was hhis.



The alarm clock rang.  It was Sunday morning, and Patricia 
O'Brien needed to start getting ready to get to Mass at Our Lady 
of Perpetual Mercy.  She'd been going there since her family 
had moved her from Ireland at the age of eight.  She pushed 
back the covers and nearly tripped over her long flannel 
nightgown.  The nights went by so fast!  Patty trudged to the 
bathroom and closed the door behind her, stripped off her 
bedclothes, and caught her reflection in the full-length mirror.  
She examined herself attentively.  Despite her morning 
appearance, she thought herself fairly attractive.  Her flaming 
red hair hung nearly to her waste, accentuating the whiteness of 
her skin, punctuated by a few cinnamon freckles on her 
shoulders and upper arms.  Her green eyes bsquinted back at 
her, still full of sleepiness and irritated by the moorning light.  She 
brushed her teeth and stepped on the scale.  The LED display 
read 128 lbs.  She smiled knowingly to herself.  She was nearly 
thirty, but still had the body of an 18 year old.  She'd seen the 
bodies of so many women of her age begin to sag and crease, 
and she reveled momentarily in the thought that her small 
breasts were still as pert as ever, that no cellulite showed on her 
thighs, that no crows' feet marred her smooth white face.

"Vanity is a sin.", she mumbled to herself, and stepped into the 
shower.

The hot water from the shower mmassage pounded into her 
shoulders and back.  She washed her hair, then lathered up the 
soap and began scrubbing her shoulders and neck, working her 
way downward to her breasts.  As her hands swept over them, 
she felt a slight surge, but did her best to supress the urge to 
keep lathering her teacup-sized tits and continued down.  When 
her hand reached the juncture of her thighs, she paused a 
moment.  It felt so good...

But she'd be late if she didn't get moving!  She took the shower 
nozzle and sprayed the soap from her body.  But when she 
reached the curly patch of red hair, she knew she was going to 
be late for the first service.  "There's another one after that.", 
she thought, and let the showerhead linger there for a little 
while.  

She brought her other hand down and ran a light finger over her 
pussy lips, sending a chill up her spine that caused her to 
shudder slightly.  She brought the nozzle closer to her vagina, 
and received a jolting, quivering sensation that quickly fanned 
over her entire body into a quaking warmth.  With her other 
hand, she spread her labia apart slightly and gently strpoked her 
delicate inner lips.  The back of her thumb glossed smoothly 
over her clitoris, and she shook again.  She pressed two fingers 
against her clit and began rubbing in circles, causing her legs to 
go weak and a gasp to escape from her lips.

She pressed the palm of her hand against her cunt and began 
kneading.  Her clit became engorged and received delightful 
friction from the palm of her hand.  She threw her head back, 
dropped the showerhead, and leaned against the wall of the 
shower for support as she felt her juices drip from her steamy 
box.  She let out a low moan, and her head swam in ecstasy.  
Her nipples became rock hard, and she knew she was going 
to...

She heard a loud buzz.  It was the doorbell!  "Ah, shit.", she 
mouthed silently.  It was Marcy.  She'd forgotten that Marcy had 
agreed to meet her here today, so that she wouldn't have to ride 
in that smelly, graffiti covered bus to the church.  She couldn't 
leave Marcy waiting in the cold November morning while she 
stood masturbating in the shower!

Patty flung the door of the shower stall open in obvious disgust 
and picked up her nightgown, yanked it over her head in near-
rage onto her still-dripping body, and went to the door of her 
ground floor flat.

As she opened the door, she began to say, "Good morning 
Mar...", and stopped in mid-word.  It wasn't Marcy after all; 
instead, standing in her doorway was an odd looking man 
dressed in a black suit and wearing a hat with the brim pulled 
down over his eyes.

"Good morning, miss.", said the sstranger.

"Can I help you?", retorted Patty, "Are you selling something?"

The stranger chuckled and said, "No, not at all!  I have a gift for 
you.  Please, take this with you while you go about your 
business today."  The stranger reached into a pocket and 
produced a very queer looking brooch set with fiery purple 
stones.  Patty looked at him in disbelief.

"Is this some kind of joke?  What do you ReEALLY want from 
me?", she asked.

"Nothing... nothing at all.  Please, just wear this.  It would be 
very rude for you to turn down this gift.  I promise you, I want 
nothing in return.  You'll never see me nor hear from me after 
this morning."

Patty took the brooch from the stranger's hand and thanked 
him.  In return, he just smiled, touched the brim of his hat, and 
turned and walked away.  Still bewildered, Patty closed the 
door... and locked it.

She examined the brooch.  It really was quite beautiful, although 
she'd never seen anything quite like it before.  She put it down 
on the shelf just inside the door and went back to her bedroom 
and got dressed.  She put on her Sunday best, a demure floral 
print dress with a skirt to her ankles, and put her hair up in a 
bun as was her custom.  No sooner had she finished this than 
the doorbell rang again, and this time, thankfully, it was Marcy.  
As she hurried from her apartment, she grabbed the brooch and 
pinned it to her cchest.

			+ + + + + + + +

Marcy chattered away happily as they drove the half mile to 
church.   Patty still couldn't get the thought of the stranger out of 
her head.  She paid no attention to the idle gossip that flowed 
from Marcy's mouth like a brook.  When they got to the first 
stoplight, two blocks from her house, Patty noticed a tickling itch 
in both her breasts.  She didn't want to be rude, so she ignored 
it as best as she could, but it became more and more intense, 
and within another two blocks, she couldn't help herself 
anymore.  As surreptitiously as she could, she raiised a hand 
and began scratching her left breast.  Marcy didn't notice.  But 
when she began to scratch her right, Marcy shot her a glance 
that let Patty know she'd been seen.

"I'm sorry, Marcy," she began, "I can't help it.  They itch 
something fierce!  Must be dry skin..."

But by the time she uttered these words, it became apparent 
that scratching through her dress would do her no good.  The 
more she scratched, the more she itched.  "Are you gonna do 
that in church, too?" asked Marcy

"I hope not.", replied Patty, continuing to scratch at both of her 
brleasts now.  The itching feeling grew, changing from a tickling 
to a burning.

"Patty!  That's so rude!  Now, stop it, wwe're at the church.  
Someone will see you!"

Patty opened her car door, and the itching in her tits turned into 
a feeling of molten fire.  Something deep inside seemed to be 
burning hot, and she felt her face flush as she stifled her urge to 
keep scratching, even though it did no good.

Paatty hurried up the steps, mumbling vague greetings to the 
familiar faces she saw around her.  She dashed right past the 
others, and made a beeline for the bathroom.  Once there, she 
went into a stall and closed the door behind her.

She lifted her dress over her head and removed her A-cup bra.  
Her breasts looked bright red, as if sunburned, and the nipples 
were standing out and swollen.  She began scratching, but it did 
nothing, just as before.  The scratching soon turned into a 
kneading motion, and she felt her burning titties pulsate beneath 
her soft palms.  This seemed to help a bit, but the feeling of her 
hands squeezing and massaging began to really turn her on.  
Still, every time she stopped, it got worse.  Her breasts itched and 
throbbed, and so she kept on stroking and squeezing.

Pretty soon, she knew where all this was headed.  She could 
feel her pussy getting damper, and her panties began sticking to 
her labia.  She kept at her tender breastts with one hand, and 
shoved the other one into her panties.  Her pussy was already 
juicy and hot, and she had no trouble finding her clit.  She 
rubbed it and pinched it, working it in slow circles, all the while 
caressing her tits.  She soon found that it relieved the 
discomfort even better if she tugged at her nipples slightly, and 
so she did this.  

The sensations became overwhelming.  She sat down on the 
toilet with the cover closed and slipped two fingers into her wet 
crack, pumping them in and out at top speed as she continued 
to soothe her aching tits with her other hand.  She began to let 
out shharp pants as she came nearer and nearer to orgasm.  Her 
right hand became nothing but a blur as it pumped her seething 
hole full of fingers.  She sucked in a sharp breath and then let 
out a howl.  Every muscle in her being spasmed and shook as 
her juice spilled out of her cunt, over her bburied fingers, and 
onto the lid of the toilet.  She came once, and then went back to 
it, frigging her tight pussy for all she was woorth.  She came a 
second time, and then a third within seconds.

Finally, she felt sated.  She unrolled some toilet paper and 
wiped off her sticky fingers - and it was then that she heard a 
voice in the room.

"Are you alright in there?", asked the voice.  Patty was 
completely flustered.  How much had this woman heard?  "I'm... 
uhhh... OK," muttered Patty.

She reached out to pick up her dress, and as she stood up, she 
noticed an unfamiliar heaviness on her chest.  She looked 
down, and noticed that her bustline had increased slightly.  Still, 
there was no time to worry about that now.  At least the itching 
had stopped.  She grabbed her bra and strapped it back on.  It 
did seem a bit more confining than usual, but not enough to be 
of any concern.  She put her dress back on and opened the 
door.

She didn't know the face of the woman now confronting her.  
She was olive-skinned, and Patty thought she was probably 
Hispanic, although her voice bore no trace of an accent as she 
queried, "Are you OK, really?  I heard all this noise..."

"Nothing," replied Patty, "Just irregularity.  Really, I'm alright."

"Your face is so flushed... are you sure you don't have a 
fever?", said the woman, as she approached her without 
outstretched hand, as if to feel for excess heat on Patty's 
forehead.  Patty backed up a step, and insisted, "No, really, I'm 
OK.  It's nothing."

"If you say so," said the strange woman.  Patty felt the burning 
beginning again.  She so desperately wanted to rub the pain 
away within seconds after it started.  A strange look crossed the 
woman's face, and as Patty noticed it, she noticed something 
else as well.

She felt the burning getting stronger, and without thinking 
looked down at her chest.  Her bra was suddenly beyond snug 
as her tits began to inflate.  Within a few moments, the back of 
her bra was pressed deeply into her back, the straps biting into 
her shoulders.  Patty looked up again, and the woman's face 
showed a deep look of concern.

"I don't know how to say this," began the woman, "but if I didn't 
know it was impossible, I'd say your bustline just increased 
about an inch or two in a few seconds."

"I have this burning tingling sensation in ti... in my breasts.  I've 
never felt anything like it before."  A tear welled from the corner 
of Patty's eye.

"I'll get a doctor.", said the woman.

"No, please, don't go right now.  I don't want to be alone... and 
besides, whatever it is, it can wait until Mmass is over.  Really, it 
can.  It's just a bad itch.  What's your name?"

"Delores.  Delores Muldetto.  OK, I'll stay until Mass starts, but 
promise me you'll go see a doctor afterwards, OK?"

"OK.  Thanks..."  The itch was becoming intolerable, and Patty 
said, "Look, I've got to get rid of this bra.  Please, don't go!"

Patty ducked back into the stall and worked her bra off.  She 
looked down at her tits, which were again sunburn-red.  She 
started massaging them and the pain went away, but she could 
also feel them getting heavier in her hands.  They had already 
doubled in size, and the more she rubbed them, the larger they 
got.  And the itching in her ppussy was becoming as bad as the 
itching in her breasts.  She's have to massturbate again.  Almost 
without consciously noticing, she began, and before she 
realized what was happening, her hand was in her panties, 
furiously twiddling her clit.  She must have made noise, because 
a knock came at the door of the stall.

"Are you OK in there?  What's happening?"

Patty opened the door, and Delores stood there with her jaw 
gaping.  Patty's tits were visibly growing, albeit slowly.

"Delores, I'm sorry... I can't help it.  I know it's a sin, but they 
hurt so much if I don't massage them.  Don't be offended..."  
Patty went back to rubbing her tits and tugging at the nipples.

Delores stared on for awhile, until Patty said, "I'm so ashamed, 
but I have to do this.", and then plunged a finger into her 
steeaming gash.  Delores stood trembling for a moment, not 
knowing what to do, but becoming very hot herself at the sight 
of this furiously frigging woman with the expanding boobs.  She 
approached Patty, who had a look of both lust and confusion.  
She placed her hand on Patty's tit, which had expanded to a C 
ccup by this time.  "Rub it!", Patty begged.

Delores did as she was told, and began to squeeze and stroke 
Patty's breast as she masturbated.  "I've never touched another 
woman like this before," she said sheepishly.

Patty hardly noticed this, and was able to reply only with a small 
groan.  The swelling and aching in her breasts became almost 
nonexistent, replaced now by a delirious desire.  She looked 
deeply into Delores' eyes and said, "It feels so good.  Don't 
stop."

Delores lowered her head and began to lick circles all over 
Patty's naked tits, causing Patty to wriggle against her own 
finger.  When Patty's nipple found it's way between Delores lips, 
the sucking and gentle nipping bushed her over the brink.  
Delores sucked hard as Patty gushed cum onto the bathroom 
floor.  

Delores' own cunt had become totally inflamed, and she began 
to rub herself through her skirt.  Patty spun around and pushed 
Delores' legs apart, and said "Let me thank you for helping me 
so much." And then, as if compelled by a force beyond reason, 
she tore the panties open with her teeth and fastened her lips 
onto Delores hairy twat sucking out the sweet fluid she found 
there.  Delores writhed and groaned and humped against 
Patty's face as her hot tongue brought her to climax.  Delores 
arched her back and grabbed Patty's head, pressing Patty's 
tongue deep within her tunnel as her cum leaked onto Patty's 
waiting lips.

"I've never done that before... God help me, what's happening 
to me?", cried Patty.  She looked down at her watch.

"Look, it's time for Mass to start.  We'd better go... we have 
enough sins to make up for now.  Missing Mass won't help 
us...", she said.  The two women got dressed and left the 
bathroom.  Patty's dress was rather snug in the chest now, but 
she'd have to make do until the services were ended.

			+ + + + + + + +

Patty soon found Marcy sitting in their usual spot, and Delores 
joined them, seated on the other side of Patty from Marcy.  
When Marcy saw Patty's changed figure, her eyes went wide, 
but she thought her mind was playing tricks upon her and 
refrained from commenting.  Father Casey appeared to begin 
the service, and there was total silence in the church.

Patty bit her lip.  The burning began again.  Delores noticed 
Patty's discomfort.  Beads of sweat broke out on Patty's 
forehead as she fought to keep from feeling herself up right in 
the middle of the congregation.  Marcy noticed Patty's sharp 
breathing, and looked at her friend with an expression of some 
consternation.  Patty glanced down at her chest again; the 
heaviness had increased, and it was indeed apparent that the 
material of her dress was stretched tightly across her tiits, 
showing off the outline of her still-hard nipplles.  Marcy seemed 
puzzled, but now was not the time to explain.

All through the service, the burning continued, and the dress 
Patty wore was becoming tighter and tighter.  Her cup size wwas 
probably a D at least, she thought to herself, but thankfully the 
material was strong enough to hold her increasingly titanic tits 
in.  She could feel the hot flesh being squeezed into the 
armholes of her dress.  Delores kept gawking at Patty's chest, 
causing Patty to cover herself modestly at times, but the 
slightest contact with her aching breaasts made her pussy drool 
dew.  She clenched her thighs tightly to supress the sensations 
the constriction of her dress was causing.

Finally, it was time for communion, and the entire congregation 
lined up to receive the blood and host.  Patty found standing up 
to be a bit more of an effort than she remembered before, and 
Delores and Marcy each grabbed one of her arms to help her.  
The tightness and burning were becoming unbearable, and 
Delores' hot gaze falling upon the ballooning melons was not 
exactly helping.  Patty tried to muster a sense of humor, and 
winked at Delores while licking her lips.  Delores didn't think it 
was funny, and Marcy was absolutely shocked.

Father Casey came around finally to the three women waiting to 
receive communion.  The priest couldn't help himself... he 
stared in awe at Patty's chestt, while Patty could do nothing but 
twitch as she fought the urge to lovingly massage the pain from 
her swelling bust.  Father Casey placed the host on Patty's 
tongue, and it happened...

Patty lost all control of herself.  She ripped the front of her 
dress, finally freeing her huge gazongas from their prison.  They 
bbounced free like playful puppies, the nipples now as thick 
around as her pinkie.  Patty screamed, and then cried out, "Help 
me, please!  Suck my tits!  Fuck me!  Oh, God, please, fuck 
me!"

Father Casey just couldn't resist.  He grabbed both of Patty's 
tits, letting the cup drop noisily to the floor.  The congregation 
was in a total uproar now.  Nearly everyone stormed out of the 
church, leaving only Patty, Marcy, Deloores, Father Casey, and a 
few lone male parishioners behind.

Father Casey knelt down and shoved Patty's throbbing nipple 
into his mouth.  Marcy nearly fainted, and wound up sitting on 
the floor.  Delores, for her part, pulled Patty's skirt down and 
began stroking Patty's drippingm pussy with her tongue.  The 
other parishioners gathered round to gawk at the bizarre ritual 
that seemed to be taking place.

Patty arched her back, and her fiery red hair spilled from it's 
bun.  She grabbed Father Casey's head and ppushed it harder 
into her growing tit, while her other tit hung unattended down to 
her navel.  Delores had now worked her tongue deeply into 
Patty's cunt, and a couple of the men had pulled out hard cocks 
and begun stroking themselves off.  Marcy looked on in stunned 
disbelief, sitting on the floor silent and unblinking.  Suddenly, a 
huge cock was before her, aimed right at her mouth.  Unable to 
resist the feelings that were coming over her as she watched 
her friend get her tits and pussy sucked, Marcy opened wide 
and began ssucking the dick.

Patty reached her first climax, and as she did, her breasts 
expanded so quickly that Father Casey was knocked off his 
feet.  Delores reached up with her hands and held up Patty's 
other tit and continued to suck out her cunt even as a huge 
gush of liquid joy washed over her face.  In the meantime, 
Marcy continued sucking on the cock she had in her mouth until 
it exploded, and then she released it so that gobs of jism ran 
down her chin and onto her dress.

Marcy stood up and cried, "Fuck mee!  Give it to me!  
Somebody!!!"  She ripped the clothes from her body and bent 
over, rubbing her cunt hard and grinding her hips in circles.  
Another man came from behind and shoved his hard cock up 
Marcy's tight ass.  Marcy cried out in pain at first, but then 
screamed out, "Yes!  Yes!  Fuck my ass!  Oh!  Stretch my 
asshole!!!"

It seemed like Patty's tits were never going to stop growing.  
Father Casey regained his footing and whipped out his gnarled, 
throbbing cock, placing it in the valley between her twin 
mountains.  He began to fuck her between the tits, and shot a 
load within seconds.  "More!", Patty cried, "More!", and she 
ccame again.  Delores' jaw became sore, and Patty's tits were 
now too heavy for her to hold up.  Patty laid down and spread 
her legs, her tits lying on either side of her small body like a pair 
of beanbags.  Delores finally pulled off her own clothes, and 
straddled one of the tremendous tits, grinding her pussy into the 
soft, warm flesh.  

Suddenly, four men surrounded Patty and Delores, flailing away 
madly at their cocks.  Delores grabbed a dick and started 
jerking it off.  Another man got his pole into Patty's mouth, and 
she sucked for all she was worth.  Finally, a hard cock found its 
way to Patty's quivering snatch, and she mouthed her ecstasy 
around the dick in her mouth.  Marcy was as crazed as a bitch 
in heat, and there were no more cocks to be had.  Instead, she 
went to Patty's other huge tit and worked the nipple into her hot 
hole.  Patty shuddered with delight, and Delores came, 
spreading slippery snatch slime all over Patty's tit.  The cock in 
her mouth exploded, and Patty sucked every drop of cum from 
it, as the cock in her pussy yanked free and sprayed Marcy and 
the tit she was riding with hot, sticky sperm.  Marcy yelped out 
her own orgasm and collapsed in exhaustion.

Their passion spent, the men went away, leaving Father Casey 
and the three women alone in the empty, echoing church.  
Suddenly, the reality of what had just happened dawned on 
them.  Father Casey ran away, blubbering and hiding his face.

"We've desecrated this church", sobbed Delores, "We're all 
going to Hell."

The words struck Marcy like a hammer, and she too grabbed 
her clothes and ran off sobbing.  Patty tried to sit up, but 
couldn't; the weight of her unbelievably gigantic tits was too 
much for her abdominal muscles, and even with Delores lending 
a hand, they couldn't get her up off the floor.  From somewhere 
outside, they heard the distant wailing of a siren approaching.

Patty looked up at Delores, who was looking down at her with 
great pity in her eyes.  "What's happened to me?", said Patty, 
"Why me?  God... my tits... I can't even sit up...

Delores nodded.  "You probably have an easy 175 inch bustline, 
Patty.  They must weigh 150 pounds a piece..."  Her voice 
trailed off, and then she whispered, "And they make me so hot... 
I'll never forget you."  Delores stepped away and put her clothes 
on, and then slowly walked out of the building.

Patty lay on the floor, looking up at the ornate beams of the 
church ceiling and wondering what would become of her now.  
The siren was getting closer and closer.  She struggled to sit up, 
and thought about running away, only to realize that she 
couldn't even walk, much less run, with such enormous tits.  
And already the burning was beginning again.  Absentmindedly, 
she began massaging her huge breast with both hands.  She 
glanced along its length, and could make out the outline of part 
of one nipple, now a good 4" long and as thick around as her 
thumb.  

She heard the siren stop right outside the church, and then 
heard the doors open.  Two paramedics rushed to her aid, their 
eyes (and crotches) bulging at the sight that they saw; a naked, 
prone woman with tits that were each bigger than her body, 
dripping cum from every orifice.

"Miss,", said one, "are you hurt?"

"No," replied Patty, "but I really need a good fucking.  Please 
fuck me.  Please!!!!"

The paramedic didn't oblige.  They held down Patty's arms to 
stop her from masturbating until a second crew removed the 
church doors.  They fastened straps around her body, and a 
forklift was brought in to haul Patty out.

Outside the church, a large crows had gathered, and so the 
paramedics threw a large blue tarp over Patty's bare skin.  As 
she was carried out, she screamed to the crowd, "Please!  My 
tits hurt so much!  Fuck me!  Make it stop!  Suck me off!  
Pleeeeeease..."

And then, standing just behind the ambulance, Patty saw the 
stranger who'd given her the brooch.  He was smiling and 
applauding silently.

"Why?", screamed Patty, "Why did you do this to me?"

The stranger's lips didn't move; instead, Patty heard his 
response in her head.  "Because I can, my dear.  But don't 
worry, we'll meet again.  I'll not leave you alone... I may have 
other tasks for you someday."  And then he was gone... nobody 
else in the crowd seemed to notice that this strange man had 
simply blinked out of existence.

And then the doors of the ambulance closed behind Patty's 
head, and she slipped into merciful oblivion.  "Ilwath bomp sec."
