                          Dark Tower of Desire
                                        (c) Sister 1994


     It was another cold dark night. The castle walls seemed to
mock me with their wanting. They seemed desolate since my dark
lover left several weeks ago. I felt his presence in every room.
Everything seemed to remind me of him is some peculiar way. I
felt him calling out to me. Days had become weeks, and the nights
were never ending. Soon his attraction grew to strong for me to
withstand anymore. I felt his temptation crying out to me from
across the miles of unending emerald forest, past the tranquil
bottomless lagoon that lay between me and the object of my dark
hunger.
     The snow, like ethereal unblemished lacework covered the
branches of the evergreen trees I passed, providing an innocent
atmosphere for me to wander through. There was a tranquility
that left a serene feeling in the air. The fragrance of Pine and
the splendor of the freshly fallen snow only seemed to ignite my
ache and incite me onward.
     Upon reaching the tower I found the gate and the drawbridge
to be open, taunting my weakness to withstand his plea. As I
grasp for the elaborate knocker the door it swings open to reveal
him positioned just inside.
     He stands in the aperture. Veiled in a delicate strands of
candlelight. His dusky hair tumbles around his shoulders and
frames his face with a dark halo. His hands are insolently
positioned on his hips. His words are clouded with more than
haughtiness. Some curious alien passion had him in it's clutch.
     "Bridgette...." in a voice twisted with need and yet
restrained, by....? Could it be apprehension perhaps? "I prayed
you would come...but I dared not to hope!"
     The candlelight twinkled in his intense blue eyes. Gazing
into his eyes I lost all perception of time and movement. I felt
his arms fasten around me. I let out a small moan. With a swift
urgency he took advantage of that and ravenously explored my face
and mouth. His need, his hunger, his love were mirrored in his
eyes. I could refuse him nothing.
     I raised my hands to cradle his face, to draw him nearer. He
moaned and maneuvered me up against the wall, molding his body to
mine. I feal his palms stroke my breast through the thin fabric
of my attire. He hunts for and finds my nipples, they harden at
his touch. He takes his thumb and forefinger and plays with them,
teasing them, until they are rigid with desire. He then pulls my
bodice down to bare my heaving breasts to his gaze.
     With hawk-like precision he lowers his mouth to one rosy
peak. He devours it with the hunger of a winter-starved wolf. His
tongue and teeth blazed paths of exquisite abandon across the
flesh of my neck and breasts. Our bodies seemed to fairly burn
with an irresistible heat, and neither of us can bear the
hindrance  of clothing against our skin any longer. Piece by
piece my clothing is discard, until I am standing there exposed
to his passion.
     Like a great hawk, he swept me up and carried me through the
night-dark passageway to his chamber. The room is alive with
scented candles. He carries me over to his bed and loving
arranges me in the center. He removes his shirt to reveal the
massive expanse of his chest. It was covered with a dusky
covering of hair that traveled down his torso and into his
waistband.
     He joined me in the center of the bed, kicking off his boots
before his skins meets mine again. Our every nerve sang with the
pleasures we rediscovered the thrill of skin against skin.  His
hands, as if beset by magic, wove spells of rapture, dancing
along my startled flesh, even as I sought out the sweet wand of
his own erotic sorcery and claimed it between  my worshipful
hands. I caress it through the fabric of his breeches,
transporting him enthralled heights. He moans and moves my hands
away. He nibbles at my ear and down the column of my neck. He
raises my arms above my head and ravages each rosy peak offering
themselves to his longing. In my passion aroused state I do not
heed his securing my arms to the bedposts.
     He lowers himself down my body to settle between my thighs.
He reaches down to place a feathery kiss on my nether lips, I
gasp. He slowly licks them from crest to base, swirling just
around the outside. He reaches over the edge of the bed to
collect something unseen from my position. He takes what appears
to be infinity to return. When he does I am expecting his tongue
to again work it's magic in it's stead my netherlips are
subjected to a different type of onslaught. He slowly drizzles
a warm nectar across the outer lips."Ah-hh!" I moan. "Honey only
to blend with your own honeyed liquid," he explains,"but never as
pleasant as your own honey!"
     Then he replaces his lips back to my netherlips. His tongue
dips inmost my quivering folds, mixing the warmed honey with that
of my own. Then his tongue uncovers the core of my desire. He
takes it inside his mouth and slowly suckles on it nibbling and
sucking, driving me with wanton lust. I buck up toward him like a
jousting knight riding out to confront my certain destiny.
I feal a boiling building up in my loins. My body becomes rigid
as I climax.
     Sedated and still glowing from the aftermath you stand up
from the bed and slowly remove the last vestige of his clothing.
His manhood stands out as an fierce Knight's lance. He rejoins me
in the center of the bed. He positions himself about me, prepared
to do battle with his lance. He slowly lowers himself inside. It
seems an forever as he inches his way inside.
     Then he slowly strokes in and out careful to caress the core
of my womanhod with each stroke. Is seems to be eternity as he
continues to stroke inside of me. I again start to feal the slow
boil in my loins. He then lowers his head to suckle on one rosy
peak, nibbling and tweaking the tip as he strokes in and out. As
the boil starts to mount I start to buck, as if riding a wild
untamed stallion. Meeting his downward thrusts with upward ones
of my own, endeavoring to get more of him inside. Finallydeep
inside my seething core, I felt the coming impolsion. The
mystical force spoke between us like a drumbeat, at first far
off, moving closer and closer still, until at last, we were
drowned by a thundering torrent of the most divine pleasure we
had ever known.... At least until I get unbound!

 
