                                "Desktop Fuck"



     It was a rainy weekday afternoon. I was scanning the net looking for
some entertainment. Unable to find anything stimulating, I settled on reading
some old sex stories that I had saved for no particular reason. About a good
half an hour later, I became excited. There was a noticeable bulge in the
crotch of my jeans, but nobody was paying attention. They were all staring into
their screens content flirting with the keyboard.

     Just as I was about to leave, the woman next to me clumsily dropped her
papers. As she scurried to pick them up, her hand brushed up against the head
of my stiff cock. Realizing what she had discovered, she quickly apologized,
blushing ever so slightly.  "That's okay.". I looked down and could see the
outline of her breasts under her shirt. Her lips were full and luscious,
almost inviting me to taste them.

     I quickly came back from my distraction, smiled and left. I was walking
briskly down the hall when I felt a hand tap me. It was her. She pushed me
into the wall and began hungrily sucking on my lips. Her hot tongue explored
explored every inch of my mouth. She sucked on my tongue, as if to tease me.

     By now, my cock was throbbing. I wanted to fuck this mysterious woman
who had seduced me silently. Before long, she grabbed me and whisked me into
a nearby empty classroom.Once inside, we closed the door and got to it. She
grabbed my stiff penis over my jeans and began stroking wildly. I cupped her
firm breasts with both hands as if they were my own. Her nipples were poking
at me, as if they wanted some attention.

     I slowly licked my way to her nipple. I lovingly kissed both breasts
with my tongue. Suddenly, I clenched my teeth down on her already hard nipple.
It stood at attention while she screamed,"AAAAHHH! Bite the other one!".
I did and she writhed in pleasure from the pain.

     I worked my way under her plaid skirt to find she had no panties on.
I gently rubbed her mound of soft hair down to her warm moist slit. Her pussy
was so inviting. I inserted a finger into the depths of her pink opening and
began to lick her sweet clit until more of her love juices were streaming
down my hand.I was stroking her depths with my finger and lapping her clit 
like an ice-cream cone  when I felt the urge to bite her once again.
She shivered with pain and pleaded for me not to do it again, but when I did,
she smudged her love nest all over my face, moaning the while. This woman was
so luscious, I could have licked her all day.

     To my surprise, she grabbed my dick violently and stuck it in her mouth.
She sucked me harder than anyone ever has. I lost myself in the pleasure.
Her tongue lingered around the rim, then down to my balls, around the bottom
and back up the length of my shaft. My cock slid easily into her hot mouth and 
down her throat. I was ready to come when she pushed me back.

     Stunned, I just stood there for a moment until she pulled me in closer.
She was lying on the desk with her legs spread so wide in the air, her lips
parted and seemed to invite me inside. I pushed myself into her depths.
It wasn't long before she guided my hand to her ass.
Her juices were dribbling out of her tight pussy onto her ass. My finger
lingered around the rim and then finally eased in. She gasped,"Yes!!! Fuck
me!!! OOOOHHH!!!"

     Her walls clamped down on my penis, her ass squeezed my finger almost
simultaneously. Then her body shook from the force of her orgasm. I couldn't
hold out any longer. I squirted my hot liquid inside of her.

     Silently, we gathered our clothes. I turned around after dressing, and
she was gone. I zipped my jeans and ran to the doorway. There she was. I could
see her walking down the hallway. Her hair was noticeably out of place, and
a drip of liquid was sliding down her leg. I called to her. She never looked
back. 
