
     My parents were going to spend Thanksgiving with my grandparents
in Denver.  So I spent the holiday with my college roomate, Tom.  
     This was my first visit to his house and was kind of surprised at
how big it was.  I knew his family wasn't hurting for money, but I did-
n't think they had this much!  It was a big L-shaped ranch house. They
had added a dormer over the garage, and this was Tom's room.  The place
was huge.
    Tom's parents were real nice, but his sister Ann was sensational! 
She was eighteen and a fox!  She had the cutest ass I had ever seen! 
Later, after dinner when Tom and I had gone up to his room and were
watching TV, I told him what a babe his sister was. 
    "Yeah, I know.  And she's pretty wild too, if half the things I've
heard about her are true.  You're probably gonna have a great time this
vacation.", he said ruefully, though with a mocking grin. 
    "What have you heard about her?" I asked with growing eagerness.  I
was real relieved that Tom didn't seem to care if I tried anything with
his sister.
    "Well, listen, you admit Ann's a babe, right?"
    "Yeah, of course I do, but what have you heard?"
     Tom got up and walked over to the window on the west wall.
    "Turn off the light and come over here."
     This was weird, I thought, but I'm a guest.  I did what he asked
and joined him at the window.
    "Look there." He said and pointed out the window.  I leaned over
and looked at where he was pointing and realized that it was Ann's room!
He pulled up a chair for me then sat on the bed.
    "Ann and I have an 'agreement'.  She performs for me and I perform
for her.  She told me before dinner that she wanted to perform for you
tonight.  Just sit there and watch."
    I stared at Tom for a minute, then looked back into Ann's room.  I
could see all of her bed and a good portion of the room.  There was a
desk under the window and a doorway behind the bed.  That door opened
and Ann walked out, a large towel wrapped around her body.  She had
obviously just showered.  My cock started to get hard as I realized
fully and finally what sort of performance I was going to see!  I looked
quickly over at Tom who pointed to the window and shook his head.  I
turned back to the window.
    Ann sat on the edge of her bed and started to brush her hair.  With
each stroke the towel slid down just a little bit more.  Her body was
slowly being revealed to me, seemingly in a completely innocent way,
but everyone involved knew exactly what was going on!  My cock was push-
ing against my jeans now, and I slowly rubbed it, until I remembered
that Tom was watching me.  
     Embarrassed, I turned to face Tom.  He lay back on his bed and
smiled.
    "It's all right, Bob, I'm hard too.  Look, why don't we smoke a  
joint and relax a little?".  He opened a bedside drawer and pulled out
a joint.  He came over to the window and lit it, took a good toke, then
handed the joint to me.  I looked back to Ann and saw her beautiful
tits completely exposed.  I took a long, hard toke as I stared at Ann's
firm tits.  Her nipples were large and even from this distance it was
easy to see that they were erect!  
     I passed the joint back to Tom without looking away from Ann.  She
lazily reached up and started to rub her right breast, slowly pressing
it against herself, rolling the nipple between her thumb and forefinger. 
Tom nudged my shoulder and handed me back the joint.  Ann put down the
hairbrush as I took my toke.
     The pot began to take hold and all my attention was completely
riveted on Ann and on my throbbing dick.  Forgetting completely about
Tom, I began to rub and squeeze my dick through my pants.
    Ann was now squeezing and pinching both her nipples while slowly
arching her back and rocking back and forth.  The towel was around her
waist, still covering her pussy.  Suddenly, Ann stopped and looked back
into the room.  She quickly stood up, catching the towel and rewrapping
it around herself, giving me just a glimpse of her perfect body.  
     When Ann, walked back into view, she was followed by a cute little
blonde.  Back in her former position on the edge of the bed, she dropped
the towel.   She stood naked and proud before her girlfriend and before
me!  I reached down and pulled my hard cock out of my pants.  I began
to beat on my meat as I watched the blonde step over and begin to kiss
Ann's tits!
    I looked around quickly for Tom and was surprised to find his hard,
throbbing cock just inches from my face!  Tom was standing naked behind
me, watching his sister and her girlfriend play.
    He quickly stepped back, mumbling.
    I looked at him, stood up and stripped.  Naked, I sat down and
looked out the window again.  I heard Tom come up behind me.  I had
never been sexually aroused around another sexually aroused man before,
and found it very, well, arousing!  I saw the blonde slide a finger
into Ann's sparsely haired pussy.  My hand started to pump on my rod
even faster.  I was getting really really hot!  The blonde slipped to
her knees and gave silent worship to Ann's cunt!  Ann rolled onto her
back and spread her legs wide, giving me a perfect view of her pussy
while her friend tongued and kissed her tight little asshole!   
    I felt something warm near my cheek and turned again.  Tom's cock
slid past my face, lightly brushing alongside the stubble on my chin. 
An electric thrill shot through me at the touch of his dick.  I started
to kiss his shaft as it passed my mouth.  I had never sucked or touched
a guy before, but right then I needed to taste Tom's throbbing dick.  
     I opened my mouth and slowly sucked his cock into my mouth.  It
felt great!  So hard, so warm!  It was wonderful!  I wondered why I had
never sucked a guy before!
    "Hey, let's go to the bed, I want to suck you too!" 
    "But what about Ann..."
    "She and Carol will be at that for a while, then Carol will take a
shower and Ann will play with herself until she comes back, then they'll
start fucking each other.  We can pick it up anytime, besides, I got
some here on tape."  
     He moved to another wall and turned on a large color tv, then
turned on a video recorder.  Ann and Carol were there!  Both naked and
kissing and sucking on each other's pussies!  "I told you we had an
agreement."  With that he lay down on his bed and beckoned to me while
stroking his cock with his other hand.  I walked over to the bed and
lay opposite him taking his cock into my mouth while I slipped my hard
prick into his ready mouth.
    I was quickly lost in a frenzy of lust, the pleasure flowing from
my cock as Tom slid his lips back and forth over it or the joy I felt
as his hard throbber slipped past my own!  Whenever I came up for air I
could look over to the tv and see Ann playing with Carol or herself or
with some vibrators!  I felt my orgasm building up in my balls and sec-
onds later was shooting my cum into Tom's mouth!  Tom tensed and thrust
his cock into my face and also began to cum.  I loved the way his cum
tasted as it shot into my mouth and down my throat!  I eagerly gulped
it down and sucked on his cock all the harder, wanting more of that
marvelous juice! 
    I kissed his hole.  My tongue probed his puckered little ass and I
felt him relax, inviting my tongue in farther.  I pushed my tongue in
deeper and began to saw it back and forth.  Tom moaned and grabbed his
ass cheeks, spreading them even farther apart.  My lips locked onto his
asshole and I kissed and sucked it.  Soon his hole was wide open, total-
ly slick with my spit.  Carol had another dildo up her pussy and was
fucking herself while Ann buggered her.  Tom looked back at me, and I
knew what he wanted.
     He stood up and bent over, exposing his ass to my now hard-again  
cock.  I stepped up to him, glancing through the window to make sure
the girls were getting this, and pushed my cock into Tom's asshole! 
God, was he tight!  It was the greatest sensation I'd ever felt!  I
began to fuck Tom, slowly and gently at first, wanting to savour every
sensation in my cock as it slid in and out of Tom.  Soon I was lost in
a sexual haze, pumping in and out of Tom with an almost savage brutal-
ity.   Tom loved it, begging me to fuck him harder and faster! 
    I reached around Tom and wrapped my hand around his cock, which
had stiffened one more time.  As I fucked Tom I let my hand slide up
and down his hot shaft.  Tom started to buck in front of me, slamming
his ass back onto my cock, burying my prick deep in him!  
     Ann moved around and put her pussy over Carol's mouth.  Carol eag-
erly began lapping at Ann while Ann continued to fuck her ass & pussy
with dildos!  Feeling my orgasm approaching, I pulled out of Tom's ass,
grabbed my cock with both hands and started to cum all over Tom's back
and ass!  Tom turned around, grabbed his cock with both hands and shot
his load all over my cock and balls! 
    Tom wrapped his arms around me, his lips searching my face for my
own.  We kissed hard, our tongues driving and thrusting against each
other as we ground our softening cocks together. 
     Ann threw her head back in orgasm while Carol bucked and heaved  
in wave after wave of multiple orgasms!   
    "What time are your parents leaving?" I asked. 
    "About ten in the morning." 
    "Then let's get some sleep."  I turned off the light, leaving  
the tv on.  "Got any other tapes, like ours?" 
    "Sure."  Tom put on another tape, this time he was with a red-haired
guy with a thick red beard and a thick red cock!  We got into bed and
fell asleep, with Tom sucking his red haired friend on the screen.                                                                                                                                                                                                