Archive-name: Violent/deviant.txt
Archive-author: M.C.
Archive-title: Deviant


   Shhh, don't make a sound, kid - I'm not gonna hurt you.  Don't 
struggle, I'm stronger than you are.  Just lie still and listen.  Know 
what this is?  Let me tell you, it's a 10" Bowie Hunting knife.  It can 
lop off a quarter of your skull in one swipe.  No, I ain't gonna kill 
you although I can't say if I get mad. 
   What makes me mad?  Well, sister, if you scream or struggle, or if 
you don't do what I tell you: that'll get me mad. 
   Yep, I'm just a regular Joe till somebody crosses me.  Maybe you 
think I'm bluffing ya', would you like to lose a piece of your nose, or 
maybe a finger?  No?  Just shake your head, sweetheart.  Behave and you 
won't get hurt.  Fight me and I'll stick you.  It's that simple. 
   Now, if you're going to be a good little girl and not scream, I'll 
take my hand off your mouth, deal?  OK!  Ah, that's much better.  
Remember, I get awful peeved if you yell or try to scratch me, then 
there's no telling what I might do to your body.  Just say "I want to 
be Pete's friend."  Good, relax, just lie there.  Let me just take a 
good look at you. 
   Man oh man, what a bod.  Makes me wanna eat you right up.  You're 
what?  Sixteen?  Oh Fifteen, sorry.  Close though!  Let's just get this 
nightie off you first.  DON'T MOVE!  Or I'll cut ya!  I'll just snip 
the straps right off here with my lil old knife and off she goes! 
   Lookit them boobs, and...  ahhh, firm things aren't they?  Not a sag 
in them!  And them's sweet looking nibs - so pink and soft.   Betcha 
that gets a rise outa them boyfriends of yours.  Look at how proud they 
are, want me to rub them a little?  Sure you do, I can tell you're a 
real horny bitch who loves to be touched.  Am I right or what, look at 
how them nipples are standing right up, yessir, this here sweetheart 
loves to have old Petey touch her, don't she?  SAY YES!  Say, "Please 
touch me, Petey!".  
   That's good Sara - that's your name isn't it, yep, I saw it on that 
photo over there.  "To Sara, Love Tim."  Is that your boyfriend?  Good 
lookin' kid, but he cain't give ya what old Petey's got, ha ha.  Yep, 
have you got a treat coming.  Here, let me help you off with the rest 
here...  Tut, tut now, no kicking.  I've still got this here pig 
sticker and it could slip real easy!  Now, lift your ass so we can take 
your panties off.  Hey, no need to cry or anything, I'm just gonna take 
a look at ya, is all.  Honest!  That's good, yeah, why don't you take 
'em off yourself? 
   Holy shit, have we got a cunt here, all puckery like, just a little 
slit, hardly no hair at all....  Spread them legs, MORE!  Don't fuckin 
try my patience, sister!  Man, I've seen some snatches and you sure got 
all of them beat!  Tight too, cain't hardly fit my finger inside!  Take 
it easy, relax, don't jerk around like that!  Christ, I don't fucking 
believe it, looks like we've got us a cherry!  Hey Sis, ain't it right, 
you still a virgin?  Oh-ho!  We're gonna party tonight, old Petey. 
   OK, here's what we're gonna do.  Ask Petey to give ya a kiss.  Think 
you can do that?  Say, "Please Pete, would you kiss me, please?".  
Louder.  That's good, I sure don't mind kissing a piece like you.  Be 
nice to me and I'll treat you good.  Now, sit right up next to me 
and.... 
   Whew, that wasn't half bad at all!  Looks like Sara likes Petey!  
Look at them nipples stand up and, here, smell this - this here's cunt 
juice, kid!  Like, you're getting real wet down there, little lady.  
All you cunts want to be fucked, don't you!  Tell me you want me to 
touch you.  What?  Cain't hear ya'!  Cat got your tongue?  That's 
better - be a good little girl and don't get me pissed.  Say "Yes, I 
will do everything you want."  Again.  Good, remember that.  Now kiss 
me again...
   Tell ya what kid.  Old Petey's got a real boner in his pants, heh, 
heh, and he feelin' real lonely like.  Why don't ya be a good girl an' 
give it some air.  Here, gimme your hand...  just pull down this thing 
and wrap your hand on it!  Yeah, like this.  Bet old Jim-boy ain't got 
this here walking stick, nosiree!  Take it out.  NOW.  Here, rub it. I 
said RUB IT!  Yeah, better -  don't make me say it twice.  That's good, 
up and down.  Regular like, hold it tight, yeah, use both hands.  The 
balls, yeah touch the balls.  Ah, you're one heluva cock-teaser, you. 
Hey, look who's getting soaked in her old dipping hole!  You got one 
honey of a diddle-hole, sis. no kidding!  Yeah, keep doing that.  
Christ, you're gonna make me cum, you want me to shoot my jiz all over 
your face?  Ahhh.... 
   Hey, don't fight me!  I'm warning you!  You want me to cut you?  
That's better, now behave - I just wanna stick it in your mouth a 
little bit!  Okay - you asked for it!  Say "I'm sorry, Petey".  Now say 
"I wanna suck your cock!"  Go on - say it!  SAY "I WANNA SUCK YOUR BIG 
FUCKIN' COCK!" 
   Fuck, why d'ya get me mad - it's only a tiny cut, see? It's stop 
bleeding already!  Nobody's never gonna see it, don't worry!  Look, 
just do everything I say and ya won't get hurt! 
   OK, now get your face down there and don't bite...  mmmm, kiss the 
tip, more - open your mouth, bitch!  Good, now lick it.  Ahhhh, that's 
good.  All over, lemme feel your tongue.  Say "I love to suck your big 
fuckin' cock."  Ah yes, I thought you'd like it.  More?  You want more?  
Wait up and I'll feed ya real good, cunt!  Hey!  Don't fuckin' stop!  
Don't fucking stop 'less I tell you to! 
   Mmmm, that's good.  Pull the skin down, use your whole hand, bitch.  
Lick around the top, like a lollipop.  Good, now the side.  That's 
good, kid.  Ahh, now put your mouth around it, real tight like.  Shee-
it that's good.  Bit faster.  Lemme feel them lips.  Good, suck it.  
More.  C'mon, take the whole thing in, all the way!  Let it slide all 
the way down.  Ahhh.  Don't fight me!  Christ, you're GOOD!  Man, 
you're so fuckin' hot!  Now up an' down, ALL the way down.  What a 
fucking talented cock-sucker!  God, I...  Touch my balls, fuck.  Yes, 
yes, faster.  Rub it. SUCK MY DICK!  Ah, ah, YESSSSSSS! 
   Ahhh - I'm cumming... swallow it, ALL of it.  Yeah, lick it up, yeah 
- it's got minerals, heh, heh.  Here, there's more comin' out, yeah, 
great stuff, yeah, like that, ahhh.  Yeah, empty my cock out - right, 
keep sucking like that.  Ummm yes, lick it clean.  Want more cum?  You 
got it, here, squeeze here - lick it up.  
   Yep, be real good to Petey. Say, "Thank you for cumming in my 
mouth."  Right.  And say "I want you to fuck me in my face."  That's 
Uncle Petey's good girl.  Gonna do everything I say?  Don't nod, say 
it!  That's good, Sara, that's my good little cocksucker! 
   Did I say you can stop sucking my cock?  Get your fuckin face back 
here, cunt.  I'll tell you when I want you to stop blowing me!  Let's 
just check out your snatch....  Man, that's a beaut cherry cunt here.  
Timmy don't know what he's missing....  Shit, we've gotta open you up 
some here...  Like that?  And that?  Anyone ever treat your little 
clittie this good?  Guess not.  Yep, little Sara knows how to have a 
real good time, don't she?  Feel that?  Wet, we're fuckin swimming 
inside.  My hand's getting soaked, kid.  Christ, you want Petey bad, 
don't you?  I can tell.  Keep sucking - don't stop, feels good!  What a 
fucking cocksucker, and Christ, I'm hard again! 
   Now, tell Uncle Petey you want his cock up your cunt.  C'mon louder!  
Say you want me to fuck you!  Again, louder!  Good, gimme a couple more 
licks here first.  Ahh, yes, fuck yes, that's good, you're one great 
cocksucker, God I'm ready to cum again...  
   Hey!  Hey, slow down here, not too hard - are you trying to get me 
off in your mouth instead?  Shit, bitch, I said STOP!  Fucking bitch 
try'n ta suck me off.  Too fuckin smart for yer own good.  Maybe I'll 
cut you to remind you who's boss here.  No?  OK, now say you're sorry.  
Well, just so's you know I forgive you, I'll let you suck me for a bit 
but just get me ready and no more, and no hands, understand?  Hmmm 
that's good... slowly, in all the way and out again, like a good little 
cocksucker. 
   Just gonna tie your legs to the bed so you won't struggle too much, 
sweetheart.  We won't want you to hurt yourself, now, do we?  Hey, 
look, I can tie your hands too, you bitch.  Now behave yourself and 
we'll have ourselves a good time!  That's better.  Put your arms around 
me, like this.  Yeah.  Geez, you're hot, man, like a friggin oven.  
Here we go, then! 
   Arghh!  Tight!  You are one tight cunt!  I ain't never bin in a 
tighter cunt than this, Christ, I couldn't hardly move in there!  
Yrrgh!  Like fucking a thimble!  Arrg, arrg...  Lift your ass, bitch.  
Yee hah!  I'm in!  Fucking unbelievable, man.  What a fucking 
unbelievable cunt.  And...  God, you're gonna squeeze the fucking cum 
right outa me!  Shee-it, frigging A!  What a cunt.  My fucking prick 
ain't never had it this good.  Incredible, squeezing my dick with your 
cunt like that. 
   Feel better now?  Yeah, the hurt goes away real quick. This here's 
fucking at its best, lady.  That's it, roll your ass around, suck on my 
tongue.  Mmmmm.  Go on, squeeze me with your cunt again...  again, 
fuck, I'M GONNA CUM!  Nowwwww.... 
   Jesus fucking Christ!  You fucked me dry, bitch.  Lemme lie here an' 
rest a little.  I ain't never been emptied like this, and a kid, too!  
Hey, whatcha doing?  Oh my, can't get enough of Petey's cock?  OK, 
bitch, lick me clean, yeah.  Take it all in, right down your throat 
there.  Hold my balls.  Keep doing that, that's good, uhmmm... 
   What... what's happening?  Hey bitch, watch it, gimme back the 
knife!  Fuck, don't wave the fucker around, cunt.  I'm warning ya' -  
you cut me and I'm gonna make you sorry you were ever born...  Shit, 
not there, get away from my balls, you ain't gonna cut me there, fuck.  
God please, I'm sorry kid, I'm beggin' ya.  No!  Stop - I'll go and 
I'll never come back - I'll do anything you want.  I swear, please God, 
no!  NO-O-O-O-O-O.... 

--
