THE DEVIL IN MS. TORRES (NCC-17)


	The Emergency Medical Holorpahic Program held the slide up to the 
light, peered at it with with eyes that saw much more than human 
vision could. His face turned into a frown as he shook his head and 
tallyed up the information.
	"You're blood pressure is very high. And I don't like the look of 
this stool sample one bit."
	He turned to face his patient, the Voyager's Chief Engineer 
B'Elanna Torres. The half-Human/Klingon was dressed in a medical gown, 
sitting at the edge of a biobed in the ship's sickbay.
	"What's wrong with me then?" Torres demanded, aching to get back 
to her wonderful devices and tools down in Engineering. Added to that 
ache was the fact she detested the snotty Doctor, who was far to "uppity" 
for a hologram.
	"I don't know yet," the bald light construct conceded. "I'll have 
to run a deeper hydroxal scan. Kes?" the man called out.
	A small blonde woman, looking like a human sized elf, poked her 
head out of the office at the sickbay's other end. "Yes, Doctor?" Kes 
said in a wonderful tone, silky and warm.
	"Please bring me the Tectron probe. I have to do another scan of 
Ms. Torres."
	Kes nodded with a smile, then darted back into the office.
	B'Elanna frowned. "Is she any good use to you? Other than 
fetching instruments, I mean?"
	The Doctor was not ready for such an "attack" on his trainee. 
"What do you mean? Kes is quick learner and an excellent student. Since 
no one else wants to work with me, I see no right for you to complain 
about her qualifications."
	B'Elanna snorted. "It just seems to me that she and her people 
aren't very good for anything. Their Caretaker robbed them of 
strength and vigor. They're like little children."
	"You mistake innocence and openess for childishness," was the 
Doctor's retort, as he gently pushed the woman into a reclining position. 
"Kes is a courageous young woman. She saved Neelix's life by donating a 
lung to him. She lead you all out of the Ocampa's underground city. Her 
extrasensory powers have started to develop in rather unique ways. She 
is far from being 'limited' or 'weak' in any estimation."
	B'Elanna was bored with the Doctor's rant. She waved him to 
silence. "Just get this over with so I can leave you two to each other's 
charms, okay? Kahless!" she exclaimed to prove her supreme annoyance.
	The Doctor was considering sedating his patient when Kes 
reappeared, carrying the tubular Tectron probe. "I've already 
initialized it for Lt. Torres' genotype," she spoke. "I also..."
	Kes suddenly froze in her tracks, her entire body tensing up to 
the degree that she dropped the probe.
	The Dcotor could see that his assistant was going into some kind 
of convulsion. He started for her side. "Kes! Kes, what is...?"
	"Vonar!" the Ocampa screamed as she slid to the floor, swooning 
into unconsciousness.
	Torres sat up and looked at the Doctor, now kneeling as Kes' side 
and checking her vital signs.
	"Kes? Kes!" the Doctor repeated, gently shaking her shoulders.
	"Vonar," B'Elanna softly spoke to herself.


	Neelix took his beloved's dainty hand in his. The Talaxian handyman 
looked down on Kes with tear brimming eyes. "Dearest? Can you hear me?" 
he asked with a craking voice.
	But Kes was dead to the world.
	Watching from a few paces away was the Doctor and Voager's 
captain, Kathyrn Janeway, an imposing woman with a face as deeply 
concerned and troubled as Neelix's. And the Doctor's, strangely.
	Across the room, B'Elanna Torres still sat in her examining 
gown on a bio bed, looking at the Doctor and the captain with narrowed eyes.
	"What exactly is wrong with her?" Janeway inquired, not bothering 
to tear her eyes away from Kes and Neelix.
	"I... am not sure," admitted the nearly morose EMP. "I have found 
no physical malady. What we know about Ocampa phisiology is so... 
limited. I would almost venture that we return to the Ocampa homeworld 
and consult her people but..."
	"But we can't," Kathryn sighed. The Cazon who patroled Kes' home 
system would put the already stressed and strained Voyager through the 
ringer. "Nothing physical was noted. And what was that word she said 
before she collapsed? Vonar?"
	"Aye. I have checked with Neelix. It holds no meaning to him. I 
even searched our library copmuter for some off chance it is an Alpha 
Quadrant based word but... nothing."
	Kathyrn chewed on her lip, penisve and feeling helpess. She had 
felt like this a lot during the Voyager's unexpected trip into the Delta 
Quadrant. It was difficult trying to protect her own crew, let alone the 
life of this alien woman who begged her to join in the Voyager's journies.
	So intent on watching the comatose Kes and her hovering copmanion, 
the Doctor and Janeway did not notice B'Elanna Torres slink out of sickbay.

	    
	Harry Kim was ready to step into a steaming hot bath when the 
door chime to his cabin blared out.
	"Damn!" the Operations manager cursed, looking down at the warm 
and inviting water he had only stuck his big toe into. "Who is it?" he 
called out.
	"Maquis," the unmistakeable voice of B'Elanna Torres reposnded 
over a comm line."
	Harry reached over to snatch up his bathrobe. "Come in," he
mutttered. 


	Harry tied his robe shut as he exited the bathroom. The door to 
his cabin was just sliding open.
	"What's up?" Harry said his friend.
	B'Elanna slowly entered. 
	Harry gasped.
	"I want you, Harry," the naked woman cooed, advancing on him. "I 
want you now. Together. Forever."
	"Uhh," Harry gulped, instinctively backing away from B'Elanna's 
advance. "Are you okay, Maquis? I heard you fainted in Engineering or 
something. Did you hit your head? That it?"
	B'Elanna smiled and shook her head no. "No pain. Not yet, anway."
	Harry yelped as he backed into the wall of his cabin. No where 
else left to run!
	B'Elanna reached out with her well muscled arm and took Harry's 
shoulder. "I've waited for this for a long time, Starfleet. A long long 
time."
	Harry shuddered in fear and pleasure as he felt the naked body of 
Torres press up against his terry cloth robe and frame. "B'Elanna," he 
breathed nervously. "I've... wanted you. Liked you a lot, but... I don't 
know if this is such a good ide--" 
	The woman silenced the yapping human with a deep, open kiss.


	On the birdge of the Voyager, Tuvok, the Vulcan Chief of Security 
shuddered slightly. He looked around, as if searching for something.
	Tom Paris, the pilot of the ship, noticed the Vulcan's shudder 
and reaction. "What's the matter, Tuvok? Someone walk over your 
grave?"
	Tuvok did not repsond right away. He searched the Voyager bridge 
still, looking for something that he knew couldn't be there. 
"Maybe... worse than that, Mr. Paris. I feel as if... someone has 
walked over...all of our graves."
	Paris frowned. "What?"
	Tuvok bit on his lip and fought the emotion struggling to shatter 
his logical, reasoned mind.
	He tried to fight the rising fear in his heart.                 


	Harry moaned as B'Elanna slid his robe off his shoulders, letting
it fall to the floor. He was defenseless now. There was nothing to stop
the aroused woman from taking what she wanted.
	"Look at me," B'Elanna whispered to the shut eyed ensign. "Look 
at me and know my love."
	Harry opened his eyes and looked.
	And then screamed.


THE DEVIL IN MS. TORRES - Part 2


	Janeway yawned and reached back to undo her hair. The day had gone
down with its share of troubles. First, B'Elanna Torres fainted in
Engineering. ("Klingons do not faint!" she had spat to the Doctor, who
then reminded her she wasn't fully Klingon.) Then while Torres was being
examined, Kes, the petite blonde Ocampa who was being trained by the
holographic Emergency Medical Program to serve as his nurse and a medic,
collapsed herself, sinking into a deep coma-like state. The Doctor was
baffled. And distressed. Kathryn had never seen the balding hologram so...
upset.
	"Why me?" she wondered aloud as she moved into her cabin's 
darkened bedroom, getting ready to slip out of her barely comfortable 
uniform and into her silkly cool night gown.
	The door chime bleated.
	"Oh really!" Kathryn cried out. She had swore to open her doors 
to the crew, let them have more access to her, but this was pushing it. 
"Who's there?" she barked.
	"Ensign Kim, ma'me," the youngish voice of Voyager's young Harry 
Kim came over the comm line.
	"Is it crunch time, Mr Kim?" Kathryn smirked. She had told the 
ensign about addressing her as "ma'me."
	The line was oddly silent for a moment. "I need to speak with you 
urgently. It's... a personal problem."
	Kathryn sat down on the edge of her bed and sighed. Harry was a good 
kid. And she always enjoyed his company. "Very well. Enter."
	Her voice command opened the door to her cabin. She could not see 
Harry entering. "I'm in here, Mr. Kim. I was just about ready to hit the 
sack, you know."
	"Good," a voice answered.
	Not Harry's voice. Not even a man's voice.
	"B'Elanna?" Kathryn furrowed her brow as she spoke. "What's going
on here?"
	Before she could rise off of the bed, Harry Kim did appear in the 
doorway of her bedroom. He wasn't in uniform or regular clothing. He was 
wearing a terry cloth robe that wasn't closed up very tightly. His smooth 
golden chest and stomach were exposed to the semi-light.
	Behind him appeared a similarly dressed B'Elanna Torres. Her face 
wasn't visible; it was obscured by shadow. Or something like a shadow.
	Kathryn felt the hairs on her neck stand on end. Something was 
wrong here. "What are you two doing? Answer me!"
	B'Elanna bellowed. "No 'we' my dear human! Only I. Only Vonar!"
	Kathryn let off a muffled cry as something suddenly pushed her 
back onto the bed, pinning her down.
	"I have not seen humans in over twenty thousand years," 
B'Elanna's body hissed. "Not much has changed sadly. But you will serve 
for now!"
	"Janeway to...!" the captain tried to call out, but couldn't 
manage to form the word "bridge." Some force was also entering her mind!
	"The others will soon be here," B"Elanna purred as she moved into 
the room, sliding onto the bed to lie next to Janeway. "I must have as 
many of you prepared as possible." 
	The creature called Vonar, who was now B'Elanna, looked over to
the motionless, expressionless Harry Kim. "Take her, my thrall. In a
moment you will find her to be very... receptive."
	"Yes," Harry answered in monotone, pulling open his robe fully.
	Kathryn looked down her body, across the room to where her 
Operations manager now stood: naked and aroused, but almost "dead" in his 
stature and attitude.
	"No," Kathryn muttered. "I won't... let you!"
	B'Elanna leaned in and whispered into the human woman's ear. "But 
look at him, Kathryn. Look at him," she hypnotically intoned. "He's so 
young and smooth. He's barely more than a child. He needs to be nurtured. 
Taken under wing. You've always wanted to take him under wing haven't 
you? Haven't you?"
	"I... I..." Kathryn fought against a new sensation rising inside 
her, fighting the voice of Vonar/B'Elanna. 
	The voice which had discovered her secret desire.
	Harry approached the bed. He first knelt on the edge, letting 
Kathryn continue her survey of his naked form. Harry began to touch his 
chest and upper arms, slowly and gently. But in a way, mechanically.
	"Help me, captain," Harry spoke out. "Help me become a man."
	Kathryn had to bite her tongue, force her mouth to remain shut.
She wanted desperately to cry out "Yes!"
	"Yes," B'Elanna answered for her anyway. "Yes, Kathryn."
	Harry reached out and put his hands between Kathryn's opened thighs.
	"Nnnggh!" the captain whimpered.
	B'Elanna smiled and rang her fingers through Janeway's long and 
lovely hair, now spilled out around her on the pillows. "This is not 
force, Kathryn. It is desire. I saw your want. The want you had 
suppressed and denied. Now I give it life. As you shall give me life!"
	Janeway heard no more after this. Her mind fell into a cauldron of 
heat and pressure. Of passion and ecstasy as she felt her uniform being 
undone by Kim's strong and slender hands.


	The Doctor pursed his lips, put his hand to his chin and rubbed
it. He looked down at his assistant Kes, dressed only in an examining
tunic and laid out on a biobed.
	"Hmmm," he uttered.
	The Doctor stepped around to the other side of the bed, adopted 
the same pose and murmured again.
	Watching this ritual was Neelix, the ship's Talaxian guide and 
Kes' alleged boyfriend. "What are you doing? You just keep going 'Hmmm!' 
and walk from one side of the bed to the other. What good is that doing 
my dearest? Hmmm?!"
	The Doctor shot a chilly glance at the nuisance. "I'm trying to 
think, Mr. Neelix. It is something that is obviously beyond your range of 
talents."
	Neelix gasped in shock. This electronic man had always been 
abrupt before, but never had he been so... malicious! "How dare you speak 
to me like that?! Unlike you, I'm trying to save my beloved's life!"
	The Doctor snorted. "Beloved?!" he mimiced with contempt. "I 
don't know how you can sleep at night." The Doctor tilted his head 
slightly, softening his expression for a moment. "I mean, I know HOW you 
sleep and that you do indeed sleep but..."
	Neelix was totally confused and outraged.
	"You get the picture," the Doc finally finished.
	"Is there something amiss with your program?" the alien mused, 
giving the lean hologram's frame a once over visual inspection.
	"Of course not. If anyone is imbalanced here it is you, Mr. 
Neelix. I don't know how you claim to be so enamoured with Kes, yet treat 
her with such... indifference."
	The Doctor slightly recoiled as Neelix jumped up and pushed his 
face into the Doctor's manufactured features.
	"EXCUSE ME?!" the Talaxian roared. "What in the name of Gygar do 
YOU know about OUR relationship? You've only ever been out this Sickbay 
once, and that was to visit a holodeck! And quite frankly, what does it 
matter how I treat Kes? That's not the issue here. Making her better is!"
	"That is my point, Mr. Neelix," the Doctor calmly and evenly 
spoke back to the huffing puffing alien. "I am the only one here who can 
make Kes better. Take care of her. You lack not only the knowledge, but 
the commitment to guide Kes out her condition."
	Neelix felt his jaw drop again in shock. But he could not respond 
this time. Something in the Doctor's authoritative voice had made the 
Talaxian feel... doubt.
	"But... But I love..."
	The Doctor turned around to look at Kes, still dead to the world. 
He tenderly reached out to brush a lock of fine golden hair away from the 
woman's forehead. "Do not worry, Kes. I am here for you. I will help you 
to get better."
	Neelix looked at the tender exchange and suddenly felt very small.
	And very alone.


	Commander Chakotay rose out of the command chair of the Voyager's 
bridge, straightened out his uniform and turned for the turbolift. "I'm 
going down to the mess for dinner now," he addressed Tom Paris, the fair 
haired man piloting the starship. "You have the bridge, mister."
	"Aye," Tom responded. He was cordial enough, but inside he was 
happy to see his former Maquis cohort go.
	As Chakotay entered the waiting turbolift, he glanced over the 
bridge once. Just to make sure all was fine.
	The last sight he saw was the most intriguing.
	Tuvok, the Vulcan Security Chief, was sitting at his station. His 
hands were folded, his elbows on his console. The dark man had placed his 
folded hands to his mouth, thumbs pointing inward.
	It looked almost as if Tuvok was praying.


	Neelix shambled through the seemingly desolate corridors of the 
Voyager, shuffling his feet and staring at the carpeted deck. After being 
scared away by the Doctor's cutting observations, he didn't feel like 
hanging around in Sickbay, even though the woman he cared for so dearly 
was lying in there, maybe dying.
	"I should've switched him off!" he blurted, now going into 
regrets. "I should go back there and switch him off for good! 
	He was so fixed on his ramblings that he did not notice the 
figure of B'Elanna Torres round a corner further down the hall.
	"I do love Kes!" he recited. "I do! And no two bit computer 
program is going to tell me otherwise!"
	"Of course not, Neelix," B'Elanna oozed.
	Neelix gasped and clutched at his chest, so caught off guard by 
the appearence of the exotic Chief Engineer. He failed to notice the see 
through gown she was barely dressed in. "Oh! It's you, Chief. I'm so 
sorry. I was so wrapped up in my own mind that..."
	"He wants her," B'Elanna muttered. "He wants Kes for himself."
	Neelix felt his confusion lessen.
	And fear rise.
	"W-who wants Kes?"
	"The Doctor. The electronic man in Sickbay. You saw the way he
looked at her. Touched her. You heard how he dismissed your affection for
her, with almost passionate resolve. You know Kes spends almost all her
time with him. And not you. You know that he wants her."
	Neelix took a trembling step back from B'Elanna, even as she 
advanced on him. "N-no. That's insane. He's just a hologram. A 
computer's dream. Nothing more."
	The being smiled and laughed with soft malice. "That's true. But 
he still wants her."
	Neelix stopped in his tracks. He couldn't go further! Torres 
reached out and embraced the Talaxian.
	"And I want you," Vonar smiled. 

	Chakotay felt the turbo car slide to a halt. He stepped forward, 
anticipating the doors to open.
	They did.
	"What in?!" he breathed as he caught sight of what lay beyond the
exit.
	Kathryn Janeway and Harry Kim stood shoulder to shoulder, staring 
ahead with looks of blank, directionless desire. Harry was in a white 
bathrobe, while Kathryn was dressed in her sheer tangerine colored night 
gown.
	"Chakotay," Harry spoke the First Officer's name.
	"We want you," Kathryn carried on.
	The man and woman advanced, forcing Chakotay to retreat into the 
turbolift. "What's going on here? Captain! Harry!"
	"Vonar," the disembodied voice of B'Elanna wafted through the air.
	Harry and Kathryn reached out to embrace the unstruggling 
Chakotay as the lift doors slowly hissed shut.

	On the bridge, Tuvok stood up at his station.
	And screamed.
	 
	 

THE DEVIL IN MS. TORRES - Part 3


	"Tuvok? Tuvok?!"
	Lt. Tom Paris knelt by the side of the collapsed Vulcan Security
Officer, checking the dark skinned man's pulse even as he tried to revive
him by sheer force of will. Tom was the first to admit that while he was
an ace behind the controls of a starship, his medical skills were far
from consumate. "Paris to Sickbay! I've got a problem up here!" 


	The EMP gently squeezed the limp hand of the unconscious Kes as 
Paris' voice wailed into the otherwise tranquil repose of Sickbay. The 
Doctor politely listened. Something about Tuvok collapsing on the 
bridge, screaming out in agony. Strange. That was what had happened to 
Kes. And to Ms. Torres the day before.
	"Doc? Doc, are you listening to me?!" Paris suddenly declared.
	"I would have to be deaf not to hear you, Mr. Paris," the 
hologram airly stated. "Unfortunately my skills are rather limited to the 
confines of Sickbay, as you well know. I cannot give adequate advice 
until I scan Mr. Tuvok in person."
	"Is it safe to move him?"
	The Doctor huffed and shook his head. "In your 'expert' opinion, 
Mr. Paris, do you think it's better to leave an unconscious man on the 
floor of the Bridge or risk moving him to a proper medical facility?"
	The line was silent as Paris fumed for a moment. "All right all 
right! I'll have Ensigns Piper and Kuul bring him to you. I've got to 
stay on the bridge."
	"At least some good news," the hologram smiled. "Sickbay out."
	With the inane Paris off the line, the Doctor returned to his sad 
vigil of Kes. She had not moved save for involuntary reactions since 
her episode. It still baffled him. Not only her condition but his 
reaction to it. If it had been any other crew member, he would have been 
slaving away, performing numerous tests and trying out different 
scenarios, eliminating all possibilities till the truth was revealed.
	But all he wanted to do was be here with her. Be a comfort to 
her. 
	Because in his holographic heart, he knew he was powerless to 
save her.


	Neelix fell to the deck. He knew nothing would save him. And it
fast was becoming a dominant thought that he didn't want to be saved
anyway.
	As the the Talaxian tried to prop himself back up, the gentle yet 
commanding hands of B'Elanna Torres, the Chief Engineer of this fine 
vessel, pushed him back down till he lay flat and spread eagled on the 
carpeted floor.
	B'Elanna's Klingon features seemed harder somehow, more 
ferocious even though she was smiling widely and dressed barely in a 
shimmering see-through silver gown. The hybrid woman straddled Neelix's 
mid section, running her hands across his chest, taking time to rip off 
his comm badge and toss it over her shoulder. "You won't need that 
again," her voice instructed.
	But it was not B'Elanna Torres who motivated that voice.
	"The others are coming," it spoke more seriously. "I must have as 
many of you ready as possible."
	"What... will you do to me?" Neelix eeked out.
	The fingers of the woman began to undo the hidden snaps and 
clasps of Neelix's uniform, revealing more and more of his speckled 
body. "I will find your greatest pleasure. The pleasure you try to deny 
yourself. I will give it life! And in turn, you shall give me life!"
	"I... see," Neelix moaned as his eyes shut, the wonderfully tactile 
hands of Torres now connecting to his skin.
	"I am Vonar," the thing in control of B'Elanna revealed. "And you 
are mine!"


	Commander Chakotay fought hard against the wave of intense 
pleasure swelling over his ration and reason. To his credit, the forces 
set agaisnt him were... considerable.
	Before him were two people. A man he was fond of, friendly with 
and who reminded him of days when he too was optimistic, ready to take on 
the universe. The other was a woman he respected, and yeared to emulate 
because of her courage, conviction, and level headed intellect.
	Captain Kathryn Janeway slurped up Chakotay's left nipple with 
mindless passion, teasing and biting it with sever hunger.
	Ensign Harry Kim knelt before Chakotay, gently massaging the 
First Officer's rising penis with his hands, occasionally spitting small 
amounts of saliva into his hands to act as lubricant.
	"No," Chakotay weakly moaned.
	"Please," Kathryn returned, moving up to engage his mouth with 
hers. She took his hands and guided them to her naked breasts, clapping the 
copper skinned man's large and rugged mitts over her tender, rounded 
bosom. "Squeeze my nipples. They're hard. Press them in. Please."
	Chakotay felt his hands jerk and quiver as they slowly complied, 
pinching the two hardened nipples of the Voyager's captain between the 
index and middle fingers. 
	A suddenly new sensation made the man's body stiffen and his 
voice cry out in shock and joy. He looked down to see Harry Kim's warm and 
moist mouth slide over the head of his almost hardened cock.
	"Why?" Chakotay whispered as his legs gave out and he slid to the 
floor of the turbolift car.
	"It's your secret yearning," Kathryn replied as she massaged his neck. 
"Given exquisite life... by Vonar."


	The Doctor knew what the results of the tricorder scan would be. 
He called up the information he had taken of Kes' condition just after 
her faint and compared it to Tuvok's.
	Despite inherent differences due to Tuvok's Vulcan heritage and 
Kes' Ocampa physiology, the brain scan readings for both man and woman 
were exactly the same.
	Tuvok had been laid out on the biobed next to Kes'. They were 
were almost identical in their composition. Unconscious, yet their bodies 
appeared stiff, rigid and caught up.
	The Doctor stood between the opposing beds and glanced from one 
patient to the other. What connected the man to the woman? The only other 
incident similar to this had been Lt. Torres', but she had recovered 
almost immeadiately. Plus, her brain scans showed none of the attributes 
and features that were shared by Tuvok and Kes.
	In fact, B'Elanna Torres' brain scans turned out to be perfect.
	"Perfect," the Doctor said aloud. "Her readings were almost 
textbook. Like there had been nothing wrong mentally. A few trivial 
physical irregularities... but nothing mental."
	The Doctor was so caught up in his realization that he didn't 
notice Tuvok's face crease slightly.


	Paris settled the ship into warp five and checked all the scans. 
Nothing on long range . The nearest system was three days behind 
them. 
	Activating the ship's auto flight controls, Paris turned to view 
the rest of the bridge.
	Empty.
	"Paris to Piper and Kuul," he activated a comm channel.
	No reply.
	"Paris to Sickbay."  
	"Emergency Medical Holographic Program here. Someone else fall dead
away in your presence, lieutenant?" the snide Doctor's voice answered.
	"Did Piper and Kuul leave Sickbay yet?" Tom demanded.
	"About fifteen minutes ago. They deposited Mr Tuvok like so much 
unwanted luggage, then departed. By the way, I think you should know 
that both Tuvok and Kes share a rather strange..."
	"This is nuts!" Paris declared. "Have you seen the captain?"
	"Negative. About Tuvok and Kes, I really think that..."
	"Paris to Janeway," the fair haired man stood up and walked to 
the center of the bridge.
	Nothing.
	The Doctor sniffed over the still open line to Sickbay. "Really, 
Mr. Paris. It's a little rude to start another conversation while 
talking to someone alread..."
	"Paris to Chakotay," Tom tried again.
	But no response from the First Officer either.            
	"Mr. Paris, would you please shut up and listen to me?" the 
Doctor implored. "I believe Kes and Tuvok were attacked by the same force 
or entity."
	"Entity?" Paris repeated. "What makes you think we have an 
intruder on board?"
	"It is only a theory. Loosely based on the fact that out of all 
the Voyager's crew, only Kes and Mr. Tuvok possess extra sensory powers. 
I believe their psionic gifts may have made them susceptible to 
telepathic assault."
	Paris shook his head, folding his arms. "Your grasping at straws, 
Doc. And I don't think now's the time to.."
	A proximity alert starting beeping from the conn station.
	"Hold on a sec," Paris called over the line. "Something's up."


	The Doctor sighed, almost throwing up his hands in exasperation. 
Tom Paris had to be the most insolent, thick headed human being in the 
galaxy. "Mr. Paris, I'm trying to tell you we may all be in greater 
danger than you realize."
	"Oh hell," Paris breathed over the channel.
	"Excuse me, Mr. Paris?"
	The line was quiet for a second as Paris regained his composure. 
"I don't know how, but the ship's been surrounded by some kind of... 
bioplasmic field. It came out of nowhere! Sensors are detecting at least 
a hundred distinct patterns in the field. They're closing in on Voyager!"
	The Doctor was about to speak when someone else in Sickbay beat 
him to the punch.
	"They are the Dark Erotics, Mr. Paris" the awakened Tuvok spoke as
he groggily stood up from his biobed. "And if we do not act soon, they
will devour us."
	

THE DEVIL IN MS. TORRES - Part 4


	"Dark Erotics?" Tom Paris' voice questioned over the comm line.
	"That is correct," Tuvok, Vulcan Chief of Security for the 
starship Voyager affirmed. He moved away from the biobed he had recently 
occupied, going over to stand next the holographic program who currently 
had two patients in Sickbay: the recovered Tuvok and the still comatose 
Kes.
	"These creatures are telepathic in nature, aren't they?" the 
Doctor probed.
	"Affirmative. They can exist as pure mental energy, though they 
transform into a bioplasmic state when they travel through space."
	"We're surrounded by a bioplasmic field right now!" Paris 
informed the superior officer. "But it only just appeared. All the 
weirdness started long before. With B'Elanna passing out in Engineering."
	Tuvok nodded. "It is normal that a single Dark Erotic scout out a 
potential feeding and breeding sight before the others arrive. I think 
it is ultimately fortunate that Ms. Torres and not myself was the chosen 
as the 'host victim.' Otherwise there would have been no hope at all."
	The Doctor frowned at the last of Tuvok's statements. "Why is 
that? And how do you know so much about these... creatures?"
	Tuvok turned around to look down on the slumbering Kes. "It is not
I who know, so much as my ancient Vulcan ancestors do. I had never
believed the stories to be true. They were Vulcan equivalents to fairy
tales."
	"Vulcan fairy tales?" Paris smirked on the channel.
	"A highly emotional way by which parents coerce their children 
into practicing their logic lessons," the dark skinned man admitted. "It 
is said that if you do not embrace the lessons of Surak, Vonar and the 
Dark Erotics will consume your soul."
	"Vonar is what Kes called out when she fainted!" the Doctor 
exclaimed. "Was she attacked? Did it try to take her as it's host?"
	Tuvok shook his head. "Negative. Like me, Kes was overwhelmed 
when she came into contact with Vonar's presence. Her nascent mental 
abilities were no match for the extreme psychotronic waves emitted by 
Vonar, through Ms. Torres. In fact, if anyone is to have a chance of 
surviving, I will need Kes' powers to back up my own mental abilities."
	"But Kes is still unconscious," said the Doctor, gesturing at her 
inert form. "Everthing I have tried has failed."
	 Tuvok reached out and gently placed up hand against the petite 
Ocampa's face. "I must mind meld with Kes. I will urge her back to 
consciousness. Then together, we will face Vonar."
	"I don't like the sound of this," was Paris' comment. "What do 
you have to do? What is it we're really up against? And what the hell's 
happened to everybody else?!"
	Tuvok tasted bile in his mouth. "If the Dark Erotics are still the
same as when they terrorized the ancient, passionate Vulcans, then Vonar
has... corrupted the crew into realizing their most repressed carnal
fantasies. The Dark Erotics gain power and nourishment through the
manipulation and syphoning of sexual energies. They also take the bodies
of their victims and incubate their offspring inside of them. The victims
are drained of almost all life force before the Erotics are done with
them. That is why we must be fleet. So far, only Vonar has been pulling
the strings through the body of Ms. Torres. But when his cohorts arrive,
every man and woman aboard will be taken over. That cannot be allowed to
happen."
	"Phasers won't keep the bioplasmic field at bay for long, Tuvok" 
Paris pointed out. "And I'm the only person manning the bridge."
	"Stay there and allow no one access," ordered the Security Chief. 
"It is safe to assume that most of the crew, including the captain, have 
been taken under Vonar's spell. Do your best to keep the ship safe, Mr. 
Paris. Our physical survival is in your hands."
	"Swell. Just what I wanted to hear," the young man glumly joked.
	Tuvok arched an eyebrow as he studied the placid features of Kes. 
"And the spiritual survival... is in ours."
	"Will you need my assistance?" the Doctor offered, hoping he 
could in some small way stand beside Kes in what could be her darkest hour.
	Tuvok ignored the hologram. He reached out with his other hand and 
framed Kes' face. He positioned his fingers along the points of her face 
where his contact would link his mind to hers, in the time honored 
tradition and mystery of the Vulcan mind meld.
	"My mind to your mind. Your thoughts... to my thoughts. Come to 
me Kes. We must stop them. We must stop... Vonar."


	"FOOLS!" the possessed B'Elanna Torres cackled as she surveyed 
her handiwork.
	The mess hall of the Voyager was a sea of naked and exposed
bodies. Male and female and what not of the different species of the
Federation and its allies. All writhing and twisting, kissing, sucking,
and biting in an orgiastic vision that was pulsing with power. Power that
Vonar greedily absorbed, renewing it's ancient life force.
	B'Elanna's eyes traveled over the mass. It was hard to see where 
one being began and another ended. Men were giving intercourse to women. 
Women were sucking on the breasts and vulva of other women. One man took 
another's straining rod in hand, when another pushed his penis up the 
offered ass of another man who had his face buried in the vagina of a man 
kissing another passionately with desperation.
	B'Elanna's  hands moved over her body, pulling at the 
shimmering fibre of her see-through gown. "I have done so much and so 
well! To think I might have never know the pleasure of Klingon! The Alpha 
Quadrant was too quickly abandoned. We must return there soon!"
	Vonar tore B'Elanna's eyes away from the love fest and moved her 
for the exit.
	Just outside the mess hall, B'Elanna spared a pitiful glance at 
the one 'failure' of her many seductions.
	Lying on the deck was Neelix the Talaxian. He was as exposed as 
the other sexing crew men and women, but he was also alone.
	Vonar had given Neelix his greatest unfulilled desire: which was to 
make love to himself!
	"I'm so hot!" Neelix cooed to himself as he stroked his fifteen 
inch phallus and probed the anal cavity between his parted legs. "I'm the 
greatest lover in the entire universe! Ohhhh Gygar!"
	Vonar snorted and sapped what little energy it could from the 
masturbatory mess. "Stupid Talaxians! You were never any fun!"
	B'Elanna strode on, leaving Neelix in his own capable and 
glistening hands.
	"I'm the greatest! Oh yes sir, I am!"


	The Doctor waved a tricorder over both Tuvok and Kes. The Vulcan
had initiated contact over five minutes ago. His eyes were now locked
shut, bent with concentration on retrieving the woman who had first sensed
the evil in B'Elanna Torres.
	"Kes," the Doctor impulsively whispered. "Please come back. We 
need you. I... I need you. Don't let Vonar destroy you. Be strong, I know 
you can be! Please!"
	The hologram almost jumped out of his uniform when Kes' eyes 
flashed open, in sync with Tuvok's.
	"You did it! the joy filled Doctor congratulated. He bent over 
and squeezed Kes' shoulder. "Kes? Can you hear me?"
	"We can hear you, Doctor," Tuvok replied instead. 
	Kes slowly sat up on the biobed, Tuvok removing his fingers from 
her face, but the man and woman's eyes  locked into one another in 
a blank, unyielding stare.
	"We know what we must do," Kes spoke finally. "The Dark Erotics 
came to Vulcan because of my people's passions and lusts. The same lusts 
we controlled with the logic of Surak. Reason and logic cannot destroy 
Vonar and its ilk,"
	"But together we shall try to remove him," Tuvok completed.
	The Doctor was astounded by what he saw. Tuvok and Kes were mind
melded in a way he had never heard of. Both were conscious and connected,
acting as a single entity. "What must you do? Can I help?"
	Both Kes and Tuvok shook their heads. Then Tuvok spoke.
	"I must go to Vonar. He possess B'Elanna."
	Kes took up: "I must force it from her body. Lure it out with 
what it craves the most."
	The Doctor took all this in without hesitation. "What about the 
other Erotics outside the ship? How can we defeat them?"
	"It's up to Paris for now," the linked beings chorused. "We can 
only trust him to succeed."
	The Doctor frowned as his spirits began to crash. "Wonderful. Yet 
again our lives are placed in the hands of Lt. Paris. There's nothing I 
can do?"
	They nodded.
	"Computer, deactivate Emergency Medical Program Alpha One. I 
don't want to be around for the fireworks."
	The Doctor's form shimmered and faded, leaving Kes and Tuvok 
staring at one another.
	"It is time," Tuvok intoned.
	"Let's go," Kes decided.


	B'Elanna/Vonar keyed in an override sequence into the controls by 
the turbolift. How fortuituous that delicious B'Elanna was also Chief 
Engineer. Her technical knowledge and skill supplemented Vonar's own vast 
intellect.
	Vonar smiled as it heard the turbocar arrive at the deck. She 
knew how it had been stalled and who was waiting inside.
	The doors of the car hissed open, revealing the threesome of 
Kathryn Janeway, her first officer Chakotay, and young Ensign Harry Kim.
	Kathryn and Chakotay were facing one another, lying chest to 
breast and cock to pussy on the floor. they were kissing and undulating 
wildly, even as Harry lay behind Chakotay, his face buried in the 
commander's bronzed buttocks.
	"Oh Chakotay," B'Elanna sighed. "Your spirituality always hid a 
twisted little sex monger!"
	"Vonar!" Chakotay breathed, as he and Kathryn broke their kiss to 
gaze up with supplication and fear of their dreaded master.
	"What do you want? Please tell me!" begged Kathryn.
	Harry was still going to town on Chakotay's ass.
	"Come with me to the bridge," B'Elanna spoke as she stepped into 
the turbocar. "We must deal with the pesky Mr. Paris. Oh yes. How we 
shall deal with him!"
	The doors slid shut.


	"Damnit!" Tom yelled as barely caught sight of new bioplasmic 
tendril reaching out to snare the ship. He managed to squeeze off 
a phaser blast, striking the Dark Erotic away from the hull of the 
trapped vessel.
	Voyager was surrounded on all sides by the swirling purple and
pink clouds of plasma. The one hundred or so Erotics that lived inside the
field were becoming more impulsive, more determined to worm their way into
the ship. There was little room to maneouver, so it was up to the shields
(which were starting to collapse) and the phasers (which the tendrils
seemed to be growing immune to) to keep the creatures at bay.
	"C'mon, Tuvok!" Tom spat as he let another phaser salvo fly. 
"Hurry up and save our asses! This isn't fun anymore."
	Over the bleeps and claxons of his conn controls, Paris heard the 
soft "whoosh" of a turbolift car arriving at the deck. He then heard the 
muted whine of the door refusing to open.
	"Sorry, whoever you are," Paris muttered as his hands danced 
across his controls. "But no one gets in without a letter from their 
mommy."


	"No! Get away from me!"
	Geron pushed back the clawing, pawing advances of the man and 
woman who were trying to force him out his uniform. The young Bajoran, 
one of Chakotay's Maquis crew, had awoken to discover his friends and 
co-workers caught in a sexual frenzy. Couples, trios, and uncountable 
groups of people were having sex all over; in corridors, in Engineering, 
in Jefferies tubes. Even stellar cartography.
	"I want you!" the woman begged as she thrust her breast at him.
	"Fuck me!" the man pleaded, groping for Geron's groin.
	Geron was about to do more than punch the couple when someone else
beat him to the job. Lt. Carrey, the Assistant Chief Engineer, pulled both
sex slaves off of the ensign. "Get away from him, you perverts! Go fuck
yourselves!"
	Carrey practically threw the man and woman down the corridor. 
They landed on the deck whimpering and twisting. But their pain wasn't 
from Carrey's rough treatment, but their aching desire for sex.
	"Are you all right?" Carrey quietly asked Geron, taking him by 
the shoulder.
	"I am now," the young Bajoran breathed, wiping sweat from his 
brow. "Thanks for saving me."
	"This way!" Carrey ordered, pulling Geron toward a closed 
doorway. "We'll be see in here."
	"I don't think we can be safe anywhere!" Geron disputed, but 
still followed. "I think even the captain has been captured. Or taken 
over. Or whatever's happening here! By the prophets, I've never seen 
anything like it!"
	Carrey keyed open the locked door. The room inside was dark. "I 
know. It's disgusting, isn't? They're all perverted filth. You should see 
what Neelix is doing to himself. Get in!" Carrey ushered the younger man 
inside.
	Geron bounded into the dark room and stopped just past the 
threshold, waiting for Carrey to join him. "What are we going to do? We 
can't exactly send out a distress call. Suppose the Cazon come? I mean.."
	"Computer, lock door. Command Carrey Gamma 5" the engineer ordered.
	Geron heard the mechanism click shut. Now no one could get in.
	"Finally," Carrey whispered. "We're alone."
	Geron nodded. "Yeah. Thank the prophets, huh?"
	The taller and much seasoned Carrey turned slowly around to face
the nervous young ensign. "Yeah. Alone at last. Away from all those
perverts. Just you and me. Together."
	Geron's stomach churned as he realized what was happening, as he 
saw Lt. Carrey reach out for him with clawing hands and hungry eyes. "No! 
Not you too!"
	Geron then realized the other side of the coin.
	Not only could no one get in. But he couldn't get out.
	"NOOOOOOOOO!"

	"Warning. Shield failure immenent," the computer calmly altered. 
"Phaser banks three and four approaching overload."
	"Come on, hold together for me, baby. Please!!" Paris pleaded.
	Another message from the computer, but one far more sinister and 
directly affecting Tom's immediate situation. "Bridge lock-out sequence 
override initiated. Recognize Janeway Gamma Alpha 1."
	"The captain?" Paris breathed. Was it possible she was all right? 
Maybe she had escaped the madness of Vonar. Maybe she was all right!
	Paris looked over at the turbolift to see it's doors open.
	His heart sank when he saw who was inside.
	"Thank you, Kathryn," B'Elanna smiled with delicious malice. "Now 
why don't you, Harry, and Chakotay go play with Mr. Paris. I think he'd 
like to be with you very much!"
	Tom gasped as he saw Janeway, Chakotay, and his best friend 
aboard the Voyager, Harry Kim, emerge from the turbolift like naked 
mechanical men. They were slowly moving towards him. Directed desire. 
Programed passion. Enthralled erotic want.
	Slowly. Ever so slowly. Closer and closer.
	Tom gulped and returned his full attention to the main viewer. He 
had no phaser on him. There was nothing he could do. And besides, he had 
to keep the Dark Erotics outside at bay, even if Vonar was threatening to 
overwhelm him in here.
	A few more moments of fight and resistance might be all Tuvok 
and Kes needed. He had served his purpose and protected the physical 
forms of the crew and ship. 
	Now all the Vulcan and Ocampa had to do was save everyone's souls. 


	Geron cried out as Carrey pinned the slender young man underneath 
his more bulky frame.
	"You're so beautiful," Carrey murmured as he tore more of Geron's 
uniform away. "You're my little boy now. You're daddy's little boy."
	Geron resisted the waves of pleasure that Carrey had initiated in 
him. He tried to concentrate on the feelings of shame and disgust this 
was provoking in him. Why were they falling away? Why was he slowly 
becoming aroused by this? 
	"It's what you wanted," Carrey whispered as he kissed the young 
man's hairless stomach. "Haven't you always wanted a man to dominate you? 
Control you like this?"	
	"I...I... Please!" Geron begged, now too succumbing to the vices 
of Vonar. "It's not true!"
	Carrey laughed as Geron's body betrayed his lie. "Then why is 
your penis getting hard in my hand, huh? Would it help if you pretended I 
was Cardassian? Is that it? So you want a big nasty Cardassian to suck 
you dry and pound your ass red?"
	Geron wavered, called out to the Prophets whom he know would not 
answer. His soul was ready to plunge into the dark erotic pit the 
rest of Voyager had fallen into. Carrey was right. He ahd discovered the 
ensign's secret shame and desire. What Carrey offered, he wanted. 
	"ENOUGH!"
	Carrey looked up in shock to see the door to the compartment open. 
Two figures, a tall lean male and a short petite woman were framed by the 
light of the corridor.
	"Tuvok? Kes?!" Carrey cursed. "No! He's mine! Mine!!"
	Kes extended her arm and pointed at Carrey. 
	"What are you.." Carrey began.
	But his words were choked off by his own screaming.
	"Return to your mind! Banish all passion!" Kes and Tuvok recited. 
"Let logic and light return you to sanity."
	"Aaahhhh!" Carrey cried out, rolling off of the awe struck Geron, 
who found his own reason and sanity returning.
	Carrey curled up on the floor, clutching his head and quivering 
uncontrollably.
	Geron looked with thankfulness. But some wariness. After all, 
Carrey had promised to be a savior and turned out to be an agressor. "Lt. 
Tuvok, sir! What...?"
	"Go to Engineering," Kes ordered. "Initiate a warp pulse wave and 
direct it outwards from the ship."
	"What? But... wouldn't Mr. Carrey be a better..."
	"Do it!" Tuvok commanded. "All depends on this. I must now attend 
to Vonar. Be careful, ensign. I have cleared as much of the way for you 
as possible, but most of the crew still languish in Vonar's thrall. Get to 
Engineering now and wait for my command. Understood?"
	Geron stood up, pulling on the shredded remains of his uniform. 
"I understand. Aye, sir!" 
	Kes and Tuvok nodded, then walked away from the door, back out 
into the corridor.

	
	"Warning!" the computer bleated. "Shields collapsing. Bioplasmic 
energy will contact ship in one minute!"
	Paris kept his eyes on the screen and kept the phasers firing. He 
tried rerouting power from grid to grid, from one system to another. The 
phaser banks were going down now. The shields were draining away.
	A hand brushed his neck with tenderness and affection.
	"Tom" Janeway's voice called like a song on the wind.
	"Be with us," Harry invited as he pushed his hands down the fair 
haired man's chest.
	"You know you want to," Chakotay's mocking tone teased at him.
	 "I won't give in!" Paris swore, gritting his teeth. "I have to 
resist. I have to resist!"
	B'Elanna/Vonar laughed lowly as it walked in front of the conn, 
partially blocking Tom's view of the main screen. "Don't be foolish, 
Tom. You've lived for carnality all your life. I know this. You have 
sought pleasure and gratification with every action you ever made. Every 
relationship you have ever forged. Now is not the time to resist. Now is 
the time to succumb!'
	Paris's eyelids began to grow heavy. Not with fatigue, but with 
yearning and sensation. He felt a warm mouth planting kisses on the back 
on his neck, even as strong hands ran through his hair. Another pair of 
hands were reaching into his uniform and moving around his crotch, 
brushing against his manhood with intention.
	"No," Tom moaned as his hands fell away from the controls, as 
his body slumped back into this chair. "I won't... fail... mustn't... 
fail..."
	"And you have not, Mr. Paris," the clear voice of Kes resounded
through the bridge. "You have saved our bodies. Now I will save our souls."
	Vonar gasped and hissed when nit saw Tuvok and Kes emerge onto the 
bridge of the starship. "YOU! Vulcan and Ocampa! Both so eager to play, 
yet so unwilling to admit to their passions!" B'Elanna pointed to Tuvok. 
"I remember your species well. Primal and uncontrolled. For centuries my 
ilk fed on your ancestors' insatiable hungers. All till logic! All till 
Surak robbed them of vitality. Forced us to flee to space!"
	"Vonar," Tuvok bellowed. "Your unending hunger will not destroy 
these people. We will fight you."
	Vonar laughed and approached the duo. "Really? You know you 
cannot oppose me. My powers could blot your pathetic essences out in an 
instant if I so choose! But I find it more thrilling to let you suffer. 
Let you know what is coming and be helpless to stop it. The Dark Erotics 
are here! This ship belongs to us!!"
	Kes and Tuvok spared a look at one another. Their expressions 
never wavered, but their minds and eyes connected all the information 
that was needed. All that would finally snare Vonar in the trap.
	"You think you control," Kes uttered. "You think it is us who are 
the slaves and you the master. You must learn how wrong you are."
	B'Elanna frowned. "What madness? What do you...?"
	Vonar was shocked when Kes lunged out and pulled B'Elanna's body 
into hers, pressing the Klingon-human into the blonde's supple form. 
Kes locked her mouth on B'Elanna's and probed with her tongue, choking 
off any more response from the creature.
	Tuvok slowly joined the two women in the embrace. He ran his 
hands down B'Elanna's back, reaching to massage her rump. "I know your 
hunger is great Vonar. So let us feed you. Take us if you can. Or will 
we be the ones who take you?"
	B'Elanna began to struggle, trying to push the linked duo away. 
But Tuvok and Kes held on, refusing to yield.
	Their trap was Vonar's greatest hunger, and therefor his greatest 
weakness: sex. But the Dark Erotics were used to being the controllers. 
Not the controlled.
	"No!" Vonar cried out. "You cannot take this from...!"
	"Silence!" Kes thundered, tugging on B'Elanna's hair. "You will 
take our passion and enjoy it!" To prove this, Kes ripped open 
B'Elanna's gown and descended on the Chief Engineer's breasts.
	Tuvok felt the mind meld between him and Kes fading out as he 
knew it would. Kes took all his Vulcan urges with her, added them to 
her own formidable libido and allowed the Security Chief to 
implement the final act of this play.
	"Tuvok to Geron!"


	Down in Engineering, the young ensign jumped over the sexing 
couples between him and the main access station to the warp drive. 
"Geron here! I"ve almost got it set up!"
	

	Vonar sighed with B'Elanna's mouth. "Klingon! So passionate! Only 
natural she attracted us! Her mind like fire! We never knew Klingons 
existed. Return to the Alpha Quadrant yes! We must go back for 
Klingons!"
	"Shut up, you bitch!" Kes threw B'Elanna to the floor of the 
bridge. "You don't talk unless I tell you to!" Kes again clamped her 
mouth over B'Elanna's to silence Vonar's ranting.
	Tuvok stood at the center of the bridge, taking all possible 
information available to him in.
	On the view screen, the Dark Erotic cloud approached.
	At the conn, Paris was being serviced by Ensign Kim, while 
Kathryn and Chakotay kissed the lieutenant and each other.
	Kes got on top of Torres and reached for the possessed woman's 
vagina.
	"Geron to bridge!" the young Bajoran's voice cried on the line. 
"I've got it set up!"
	"Then activate," Tuvok cooly ordered.
	The ship shuddered.
	Then B'Elanna screamed.
	"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Vonar shouted with deafening anger and pain. 
"THIS CANNOT BE!! I AM VONAR! THE DARK EROTICS CANNOT... BE... 
DEFEATED! RESISTED! ARGH! NOOOOOOOOO!"
	"Passion without restraint," Tuvok said quietly. "Knowledge 
without wisdom. Want without need. You are pathetic creatures. And 
you are undone.
	Vonar thrashed and hissed in B'Elanna's body, even as outside the 
ship the bioplasmic cloud crackled with arcs of energy, slowly being 
dispersed by the warp pulse being generated by the engines.
	"THIS...CAN'T.... Be...I... am...... vo.... nar"
	Tuvok knelt down and gently pulled Kes off of B'Elanna. There was 
no great mist rising from her body, no erruption of power or such. 
But Tuvok could tell that the Dark Erotic's leader was leaving the 
woman's body. And the ship.
	"Tuvok, it working!" Kes chimed in. Her mind link with the Vulcan 
was also fading on her end: her natural vibrance was overcoming 
her temporarily gained Vulcan stability. 
	"Of course it is, Kes. As you well know from being one with me, the
warp pulse sent the phase pattern of crew's bodies, especially Ms. 
Torres', out of sync. Vonar had matched his power to B'Elanna's normal
phase pattern. The pulse wave set up an imbalance that the Dark Erotics
could not attune to."
	"I know I should understand, but I don't," Kes admitted. "Wait! 
Look at the captain and the others!"
	Tuvok followed Kes' gesture. Kathryn, Kim, and Chakotay had all 
fallen to the deck. Paris was slumped over the conn station, struggling 
to move and breathing heavily.
	"Those who were possessed the longest will require medical 
attention. Their bodies have been severly taxed by Vonar's... use of them."
	"I'll get to Sickbay and activate the Doctor," she informed 
already on her feet and heading for the turbolift.
	Tuvok returned his attention to the now twitching form of Torres. 
Vonar itself was gone, but the woman was still reeling from the 
aftershocks of his posession. He didn't know how, or if, the woman could 
survive.


	Geron looked around Engineering with blazing eyes. The sex 
enslaved men and women had either collapsed or were slowly coming around 
to their senses. Whatever was in that warp pulse must have shook up 
whatever had started this fiasco but good. Excellent!
	"Geron?" A feeble male voice called out.
	The ensign whirled around to see Lt. Carrey come stumbling into
the cavernous Engineering hall. He was barely able to walk, and looked
like many of the shell shocked Bajoran refugees Geron had seen (and had
been one of) in his youth.
	"Wha happened? I remember everyone going... crazy." He paused as 
he eyes Geron strangely. "And I remember you. Then...."
	Carrey's eyes widened in shock.
	Geron had hoped this event would be blocked from the enslaved 
crews mind. But not so. If Carrey was any example, everyone would 
remember everything they did!
	"Oh God!" Carrey exclaimed. "Geron, I'm so damn sorry. I don't 
know what... Sweet Jesus, what's the hell did I do?!"
	Geron forced on a smile and shrugged. "Don't ask me, sir. I just 
work here."


	Kes bounded into Sickbay.
	"Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic Program!"
	In a moment, the familiar features of the lean and learned Doctor 
faded into view.
	But instead of the usual "Please state the nature of the 
medical emergency" he shouted:
	"Kes! You're all right?"
	The woman smiled brightly and hugged the hologram. "Yes! Tuvok 
and I managed to see drive Vonar out. He and the other Dark Erotics are 
gone!"
	"Gone? Not destroyed?" It almost sounded as if the medical 
program felt... cheated!
	"Unfortunately," Kes admitted. "I doubt something like Vonar could 
ever be destroyed by conventional means."
	"Won't they be back?" the Doctor worriedly pointed out.
	"Maybe one day, but not soon. They got a rather nasty taste of 
the ship's warp field."
	The Doctor nodded his assent. For a moment, the artificial man and 
woman stood silently together, smiling at one another.
	"Oh! I forgot! We'll need to set up multiple treatment plans for 
people who were controlled the longest. Tuvok says their bodies will have 
been severly compromised by Vonar domination."
	"I"m sure you and I will be able to handle things. What about Lt. 
Torres? She did survive, didn't she?"
	"Yes. Tuvok's looking after her now. But I better get back out 
there and help him. And I have to check on Neelix too."
	To his surprise, the Doctor did not bristle at the sound of the 
Talaxian's name. He felt too good to let such trivial things bother him 
today. "Kes, I just want to say... it's good to have you back."
	Kes ran her hand down the Doctor's left cheek. "Thank for taking 
care of me."
	The woman slowly pulled away.
	"I'll be back soon," she promised.
	The Doctor waved to her as she darted from the Sickbay, leaving 
him alone.
	And for some reason, he did not feel the aching need he usually 
experienced when Kes left his side.
	Because he knew she would be back.
	She would always come back to him.


	On the bridge, Tuvok raised an eyebrow when he saw B'Elanna 
Torres open her eyes.
	The woman quickly realized she was lying nearly naked on the 
bridge, with the Chief of Security hovering over her. 
	"Tuvok?" she prompted.
	"Ms. Torres," he replied.
	"Did I just try to take over the ship?"
	Tuvok nodded.
	"Did I get everyone to... to... "
	Tuvok nodded.
	"Did Kes and I.....?"
	Tuvok nodded.
	"And did you...?"
	"Yes," he finally spoke. "I 'felt you up' and 'groped your ass' 
as Mr. Paris might say."
	"Thanks!" the man himself sneered, zipping up his uniform as he 
stood up at the conn station. "Sensors look clear. Where ever old Vonar 
and his friends went, good bye and don't come back."
	"A worthy sentiment, Mr. Paris. But sentiment must wait. Captain 
Janeway, Commander Chakotay, and Ensign Kim will need immediate medical 
attention. As I'm sure will most of the crew. Please co-ordinate with Kes 
and the Emergency Medical Hologram."
	"Aye," puffed Tom. "Boy, you can sometimes drain the life out of 
victory party, Tuvok."
	"Thank you," the Vulcan nodded.

	Kes gingerly stepped through the mess hall, tying her best not 
step on the unconscious men and womens' extremities. And private areas.
	"Neelix?" she called out. "NeeNee? Can you hear me?"
	"D-dearest?" the familiar voice came from the kitchen.
	Kes jumped over the serving bar separating the mess from the 
galley. (It seems this adventure had mad her... adventurous!) She entered 
the kitchen and spied her man.
	Neelix was laying a pool of spilled pajuta. He looked very 
exhausted. Yet very happy.
	"Are you okay?" Kes inquired as he knelt down next to the naked 
Talaxian. 
	"Oh yes. Never better!" he honestly replied. "I'm not quite sure 
what Lt. Torres did, but it was very... interesting!"
	Kes shook her head and smiled. "I don't know what I'm going to do 
with you."
	Neelix shrugged. "Oh, don't worry. You don't have to do anything. 
As long as I've got myself I"m happy."
	Kes eyed him queerly
	Then laughed.
	Oh well.
 
 
THE END 
