                                  OPEN MARRIAGE 
 
                        "THE WATCH FROM DEVIL'S TRIANGLE"
 
                                     By Bill
 
            We had been in the Bahamas for 3 days. Ellen and I were sitting 
       beneath a blue and white striped sunbrella at an outdoor lounge, 
 talking with a couple who'd allowed us to join them at the last 
       available table. We were attired as typical tourists: they were in 
       swim wear; I was wearing a flat Bahamian straw hat, aloha shirt and 
 walking shorts, and Ellen was attired in a white sundress with a 
       broad yellow ribbon tied into a headband around her black hair. Now, 
       as Ellen laughed at a joke, the ribbon's long ends were flapping 
       about in the warm breeze. It was difficult making conversation above 
 the pounding surf and whistling wind.
 
            Jeff, a brawny six-foot-plus with a booming voice, leaned 
       across the table and asked, "You here in a boat?" His reddish hair 
       was tousled by the breeze. His stunning blond wife, Virginia, was 
 leaning back in a sun-chair, which squeaked as she fidgeted and 
       appraised us.
 
            "We flew over," I told him. Two years before, we'd been here in 
       our twenty-foot boat. A troublesome storm convinced me I'd never 
 take anyone else in a small craft, so this time we'd flown 
       commercial, as we have each time since. "We're checked in at the 
       hotel."
 
            Jeff gulped his drink, gestured toward the distant docks, and 
 murmured, "We're staying at the marina. They charge an arm and a leg 
       to hook up to electricity over there. We're down here from Texas. 
       Where you from?" When I told him, he responded, "Yeah, well your 
       state's doing a lot better than mine. You have Disney World and a 
e closed down oil wells and one hell of a 
       lot of empty offices. We're thinking of moving to Florida."
 
            I grinned, "Doesn't make Floridians too happy to hear that. Too 
       many people coming in now.  I tell people who're thinking of moving 
  there that alligators come out of the lakes at night and drag away 
       little babies." He and Virginia chuckled. 
 
            Ellen's a natural conversationalist, but now she was 
       particularly animated; she'd won them over. Jeff invited us for a 
 tour on their sloop to an out-island. We declined, explaining that 
       we'd made reservations for an early dinner at a local calypso club, 
       so Jeff offered, "O-kay, what if we make it an evening trip, around 
    7, 7:30? Think you could make that, ol' buddy?"
 
            I was considering it when Ellen grabbed my arm and blurted, 
       "Come ON, Bill, let's DO it!" Turning to Jeff and Virginia, she 
       smiled, "Takes him forever to make changes in plans!"  
          I grinned, "Sounds like a great idea."
 
       noticed her observing Jeff's handsome, muscular features at the 
       cabana. She remarked, "I think they have MORE than just a tour in 
       mind. We'll see." We skipped the floorshow, donned our swim suits in 
 the hotel room, and walked down to the harbor where Jeff's 38-foot 
       sloop bobbed amid a line of boats at the unpainted docks. 
 
            Virginia was tossing crumbs at a flock of seagulls swooping and 
eff looked up from his blue canvas deck chair 
       and acknowledged, "You're right on time." He cast off as soon as we 
       climbed aboard. The Atlantic was now red beneath the setting sun. I 
       noticed Ellen and Bill stealing glances at the other now and then, 
  until finally, they were openly staring. When she turned away, Jeff 
       gazed at her long legs and full, half-exposed breasts thrusting out 
       beneath the one-piece black suit, completely bare on the sides 
       except for four thin black ribbons on each side securing the front 
 and back.
 
            By the time Jeff cut the engines, a half mile from the island, 
       stars were blinking like diamonds on black velvet. This close to the 
       island, the five-foot waves we'd plowed through most of the way had 
 calmed. The waters' crests, silver beneath the moonlight, softly 
       slapped against the hull. The sloop rocked gently as Virginia and 
       Ellen clambered up the galley stairs to the deck. Jeff anchored as 
 we stared at the scene off the bow. Beneath the puffs of gleaming 
       clouds, the island seemed to float on the midnight-blue waters.
 
            Virginia stood on her toes, stretching her arms, as she said, 
       "This breeze is wonderful!" She casually reached to unhook the top 
 to her red and white striped bikini; that isn't unusual for boaters 
       when the sun's up, but this was night. Ellen smiled as if to say, "I 
       told you so." I stared at Virginia's breasts, firmed by exercize. 
nd well-formed as Ellen's. She stretched 
       again, her blond hair blowing in the soft warm gusts. Outlined by 
       the Bahamian moon, she looked like a goddess. 
 
            So Ellen slipped out of her suit. She stood nude alongside 
       Virginia, who turned to evaluate the similarity of their figures; 
  "You're beautiful," she told Ellen, staring down at Ellen's shaved 
       mound. The contrast between Virginia, the half-nude blond, and 
       Ellen, the nude brunette, was stunning. 
     Jeff's engorged manhood had been evident even before then. But 
       now, appraising them, he smiled, turning to me as he whispered, "Are 
       you two swingers? You see, Virginia isn't, but she's a 'watcher,' 
       and if you are, we're interested." Then, he added, as if I might 
 misunderstand, "I mean I'm straight, not gay."
 
            I grinned, almost laughing. I could hardly wait for his 
       reaction when I told him, "Actually, Jeff, I'm a watcher too. Think 
       Virginia would be jealous if she saw you with Ellen, while your wife 
 and I watched?"
 
            When we told Ellen and Virginia, the coincidence seemed neither 
       as humorous nor as surprising to them as I thought it was. I learned 
       later that Jeff and Virginia had met many other agreeable couples 
ing their travels. 
 
            We made small talk as if no one had mentioned "watching." Ellen 
       stared at Jeff's face and body, occasionally looking down at Jeff's 
       penis bulging beneath his red biniki trunks. Under a pretense that 
airs to turn on the stereo, we made our way down 
       to the dimness of the sleeping quarters where moonlight streamed 
       through a line of portholes. Virginia and I stood in the doorway. 
       Jeff and Ellen sat on the bunk, looking through compact disks, 
  selected one, and inserted it into the overhead stereo as Virginia 
       poured wine. When Ellen passed a wine glass to Jeff, their hands 
       brushed. I could almost feel the electricity as their eyes locked. 
 Ellen's soft breasts heaved. Setting aside the glass on a bunkside 
       table, Jeff leaned to kiss her neck, moving down to her breasts. She 
       moaned lowly, her lips trembling.
 
            Virginia nuzzled her breasts against my side as I put my arm 
 around her. Leaning into the doorjam, we gaped, breathing heavily. 
       Jeff and Ellen melded in a deep kiss, their arms entertwined. 
       Ellen's hips rotated softly in desire as she lay alongside Jeff. 
       Virginia looked up at me, her lips trembling, her blue eyes wild 
 with passion, as she muttered, "God, aren't they beautiful?"  I 
       agreed, my shaft swelling beneath my trunks. Ellen, her nipples 
       taut, disengaged to slide to floor on her knees. Her lips grazed his 
 thighs. Gulping, as if in fear, she took Jeff's long, raging cock in 
       her mouth. He closed his eyes, groaning, as her full, pale lips slid 
       over his glistening member. Tears of passion welled in Ellen's eyes 
       as she moaned. Her tongue and slender fingers glided along his dark 
s Virginia peeled off her bottoms, her hand was massaging 
       her clitoris. I slipped out of my trunks as I stroked my hardness. 
       Virginia pressed against me. I slithered an arm around her, cupping 
 a breast, her nipple standing out like a spike through my fingers. 
       Ellen's eyes were now wide with passion as he thrust into her greedy 
       mouth. The intensity of their tempo increased. Ellen moaned in 
       rapture. His cock had ballooned to massive proportions, straining 
her lips as she whimpered.
 
            Withdrawing from her mouth, Jeff lifted her to the bunk beneath 
       a line of portholes. He kneeled on the floor  between her long legs, 
       kissing her shaved mound. Ellen wailed in desire! Her hips gyrated 
eath his tongue's manipulations. Her body quaking, she locked her 
       thighs about his head, lost in their own distant universe of 
       adulterous passion. The smell of their lust permeated the warm night 
 air.
 
            Virginia placed her arms around my waist, her hips grinding her 
       clitoris against my leg. "They're so beautiful," she breathed 
       ecstatically. She looked down, her lips trembling as I pumped my 
       shaft. 
 
            Jeff's strong arms enveloped Ellen's quivering body. He hovered 
 above her splayed legs, his shaft swaying above her pussy which was 
       quivering up to touch it. Her lips were parted, her eyes wild and 
       fearful of his large instrument pushing apart her vaginal folds. She 
s hips, drawing him deeply within, and 
       yelled out in painful pleasure.  Her vagina was stretching to 
       accommodate his large tool. They shared a sigh as he buried his full 
       length. 
 
            Whimpering, Ellen turned to watch us. Virginia had grasped my 
  cock and was stroking it as I squeezed the fullness of her breasts. 
       The sight drove Ellen into ecstasy as her arms enveloped Jeff. She 
       bucked against him, meeting every thrust into her steaming cave. 
 Virginia's nostrils flared, her breath huffing, her mouth open in 
       wild desire. I felt a kinship with Virginia as we watched our 
       respective mates, united in sin, her husband's cock plunging into my 
       wife's vagina; she mewed, "Oh, god, Bill, don't you FEEL it 
happening BETWEEN them, between US?"  
 
            And, yes, I did. Virginia's soft fist pumped my shaft as she 
       grinded her blond mound against my leg. Her lips brushed my neck and 
       ears.
 
            Ellen's head thrashed from side to side, her wide eyes rolling 
 as Jeff's thickness filled her. She wailed as her tremoring arms 
       encircled his neck, her hips lifting to meet her lover's.  Her groin 
       swirled beneath his fervid fucking as she threw back her head, 
 pleading for him not to stop. His jaw slackened as he stared down at 
       her, his eyes glazed with lust. Then, Ellen screamed, "Oh GOD Jeff, 
       I'm going to COME! Please come WITH me!" She mewed helplessly, her 
       body shivering with the building climax. 
d pumped furiously as she looked up to me, 
       parting her lips. We kissed deeply. Everyone was moaning, sharing 
       the climactic thunder that was engulfing us in an emotional 
       hurricane. 
 
            At the last moment, Virginia spread her long, taut legs, 
  guiding my cock into her creaming depths. She screamed in pleasure. 
       Then it happened, the sexual energy crackling throughout the cabin! 
       I exploded as everyone was wailing; Ellen and Virginia were crying 
 and writhing madly. Virginia fell to her knees, taking my length 
       deeply into her mouth. Ellen and Jeff now turned on their stomachs 
       to watch as Virgina brought me again to hardness, her hair tossing 
       as her lips slid along my full length. I'd lost track of time until 
 my semen burst into Virginia's throat. Ellen and Jeff were 
       applauding. Virginia bumped to the floor, her arms around my knees, 
       as we turned to look at our spouses on the bunk. They were laughing.
           That was the only time that either Virginia or I had 
       experienced even that slight an adultery with anyone. Neither of us 
       were sure our spouses truly understood, but what we had was just 
       perfect.

