Archive-name: Bestial/dhmp5.txt
Archive-author: Tall Thin Jones
Archive-title: A Brittainy Spaniel


  One experience I had was with a Brittainy female.  She seemed so small
and sweet, I worried about hurting her.  I met her at a local convenience
store.  Apparently she had been there most of the day waiting for her
master or for someone to help her out.  She took to me immediately, and
followed me home as if she had known me for a long time.

     When we arrived, I petted her and felt her.  She showed pleasure at
every touch.  I felt her vagina, and it was too small to even fit a
finger to.  I got this hunch about her anus.  First I licked her there,
shoving my tongue in and working her.  This seemed to please her.  Then
I got some Crisco and lubed her up, and very gently worked one finger in,
then two, then three.  She stayed relaxed, showing not even the
slightest sign that she was in pain or unwilling.  (As I have often
observed, even if a dog chooses not to do anything about a twinge of
pain when I am making love to him or her, that dog cannot hide the fact
that it hurts.  The tensing of the muscles in a certain way is an
involuntary reaction, that I can easily feel when I have a hand on the
dog.)

     Like the chow I spoke of earlier, she didn't make any move at all
to pull away.  Unlike the chow her musculature showed no twitch at all,
no sign that anything caused the slightest unpleasant sensation.  I did
not hold her, I just rested a hand on her hip to sort of steady and
reassure her.  Experience has shown me that gentle touching makes a dog
feel much better about sexual acts.  This dog seemed to be very pleased
with any gentle touch anywhere.  Gentle pressure with the fingertips,
much less pressure than it takes to push down a key on a computer
keyboard, was enough to cue her to stay put.

     Once I had her dilated, I eased myself into her.  I was amazed that
she showed absolutely no anxiety, and no sign of pain.  She was not
expressive either, and her passivity worried me.  I wasn't very worried,
because she had already demonstrated to me that she was alert, and quite
physically fit.  She did seem equally able to decide to run and jump, or
to stand stock-still.

     I was very careful as I worked in and out of her small bottom.  I
still wasn't completely convinced that this wouldn't hurt her.  I only
put the hairless two-thirds of my penis into her, and I rocked it back
and forth very slowly while stroking her back slowly and gently.  She
felt very good on my hardness.  The necessity to move slowly built a
much larger tension in me than I was used to.  I rode the edge quite a
while before I did cum, and when I did, I came hard and thought for a
couple of minutes I would never stop cumming.  I must have squirted
everything I had inside her.  She seemed to take it all in stride.  As
soon as I released her, she turned around and sniffed my cock, then she
licked my face, once.  She then curled up right there and went to sleep!
I curled myself around her and she seemed to enjoy that, the pitch of
her breathing changed a little, to that little tune that dogs seem to
whistle through their noses when they are pleased.  She just slept next
to me like that the whole night, and looked sad when I sent her away the
next day.

     Some smaller dogs are like that.  I still don't understand them
completely.  I can't tell you what makes the difference, but I can tell
you what the difference looks like.

     In any case, although this dog was a rather small dog, and although
we had just met, we did find ourselves able to commune in a sexual way,
and somehow it did work.  I think what this dog had learned was how to
relax herself completely.  She must have been lonely for company, but
she had been gently treated when she was with humans.  Judging from her
reactions, I did nothing to damage her faith in people in the slightest.
After the act of sex, she showed the same pleasure in my touch that she
had before, she still allowed me to touch her under the tail, she showed
no negative responses and a few obviously positive responses to me.
Like I said, she was reluctant to leave.

     I have also made it with some Brittainy males.  They are gentle
friendly lovers and seem to learn sex quickly.  They are just the right
size to allow them to shove their whole cocks inside me, knobbies and
all.  Several times I have been under them, clamping their knobs between
my cheeks to hold them.  They are so small they can all to easily pop
out.  This doesn't hurt, but I don't want them to separate from me until
I have cum.  This I will do, and often I have left spermy smears on the
ground or the floor of a doghouse, or in my underwear.  When I jerk off
while attached to a small dog the knob stimulates me in just the right
face and I give a lot more than I would if I were alone.  Sometimes the
crotch of my drawers is absolutely soaked with my jism!

     Brittainies were among my first lovers too.  When I was just
starting I used to sneak down the alley and either let one lick me
through his fence, or jump in with another Brittainy who lived with two
larger dogs.  Then I could get off really well by just letting the dogs
lick the end of my penis while I masturbated myself.  Some of them would
stop licking when I shot my load, but some of them really craved that
taste.

     When I get my own place again, people may notice that I keep oddly
mismatched sets of dogs. I like to have huge females and small males.
Large females are more comfortable having sex with humans, and I am more
comfortable having sex with large female dogs.

--
