Archive-name: Bestial/dhmp4.txt
Archive-author: Tall Thin Jones 
Archive-title: Goats


     Goats.  I used to be crazy over goats.  When I humped dogs I
wondered what it was like to fuck goats.  One day I got my chance.

     My cousin and I were out flying a kite, and it got away from us.
It sailed beyond the trees, and we tried to follow it.  Just across the
dirt road on the other side of the school was the bank of the mill race.
We stumbled down the dirt, through the trees, and there she was!  She
was a beatiful Nubian doe, on a rope that had somehow got tangled in a
brushpile.  She actually seemed to be pleading to be rescued, so I did.
I couldn't let her starve or thirst to death.

     It took about an hour to pull and drag that bitch home.  Once she
was loose, she just didn't want to walk that far.  I carried her part
way.  She weighed at least eighty pounds, and my back hurt when I tried
to carry her.  Eventually, we got her home and I tied her up in the
garage with a coffee can of water.  While she was drinking I got on the
phone and located her owner.  As luck would have it, he would not be
able to come and get her until the next day.

     So, I had a goat all to myself for the night.  Once I was sure
everyone was asleep, I crept out to the garage and started petting her.
She was a bit nervous at first, but seemed to calm down really well.

     I rubbed her head and her back for a while.  She seemed to relax a
bit, and I started to work on her thighs and under her tail.  Her tail
stood straight up when I stroked the warm smooth skin underneath.  I
don't know just how she felt about it, but she didn't kick or try to
pull away.  After stroking her a bit I got behind her and pulled my
pants down.  I rubbed the head of my cock, which was quite hard, against
her opening.  I used a bit of saliva to lubricate her and pushed in.
She gave a rather long, indignant(?) baa-aah! and accepted my thrust.

     I was just a stupid kid, I didn't know a lot about the way goat's
pussies were constructed.  The anus and the cunt are so close together
they are almost the same opening.  The anus, which is used more, is
likely to be a lot looser.  I don't know how, but I figured out that I
was in her anus.  Actually, I do know how.  I knew it felt a little
funny, and I was feeling around the connection and trying to find out
for sure.  Sure enough, I was right up under her tail and there was a
somewhat smaller opening below what I was fucking.

     I pulled out and tried to push it into the lower hole.  It went in
a bit more slowly, and I could feel her lubricating on my cock.  She
started out just barely lubricated enough to slide in, then got pretty
slick inside.  It was wonderful to feel this response to my presence.  I
liked the smell of her, and her soft fur was really nice against my
legs.

     This was too good to finish early, so I pulled out and licked her.
She tasted very good, amazingly good for what people think is such a
smelly animal.  Her cunt juices were spicy, almost like Seven-up.  I
didn't lick her anus, I really wasn't into that stuff then.  I stroked
myself while I was doing this, slowly so I wouldn't shoot my load too
soon.  Soon, we were both feeling pretty good.  At least I was feeling
good and there seemed to be no complaints from the other end.

     After quite a bit of munching of the cunt, and futile attempts to
find a clitoris to lick, I decided to mount her and finish the job.
This time she was much wetter and I slid right in.  I worked in and out
of her slowly, sensually.  I kept stroking her while I was in her.  I
propped myself up on one knee, and raised the other so I could get in at
the right angle and height, and gently rocked back and forth in her.
She seemed to like this treatment.  At one point she turned her head and
gently sniffed up and down my leg, seeming to stroke and almost kiss it.
Sex seemed to please her.

     I kept sliding in and out of her, and occasionally I would feel her
muscles clench and release.  I felt the pressure and electricity
building in me, so I laid my head against her back and kept gently
rocking in and out.

     Just as I was about to burst, she shit on me!  It was really fairly
dry, and in neat little pellets.  It just surprised me, and I pulled out
without thinking.  Had I been thinking, I would have just brushed it
away and continued what I was doing.  Had I not been so close, I would
have waited a minute and gone back to what I had been doing.

     So, I stroked myself off and fired a load into the air.  I was
inhaling her wonderful scent, the sent of an animal that was never fully
out of heat.  The scent made my head feel light, and made me hard and
excited.  When I did cum, it was almost as good as if I had been in her.
I was spent.

     The next morning her owner came and got her.  He asked if I wanted
to keep her.  I sure wish I could have said yes!

--
