Daughter Gets Horny
  ... originally titled: Mom and The Sappho Experiment

   I was young when Mark and I got pregnant with Kelsey. We were both
only 18 and Mark was in college and things were like a nightmare. It was
1975 and we were already in hot water with our parents for being followers
of the dying"free love" ideology. But we were far from hippies and neither
of us had ever experienced any of this "free love" until the next he and I
went to far and wound up with a baby.
   Gratefully,Mark was brilliant and swept through college without delay
and got a job with a blossoming computer firm that was just starting out
in San Diego.
   By the time Kelsey was nine we had two cars and a three bedroom
duplex and hadn't suffered in our marriage in the least to get it.
   We weren't much for hippy concepts by then. I was a girl guide leader
and Mark coached a local little league team. So when Jeffrey cam along it
was with no uncertainty that we knew we had stumbled into middle class
security and no more talked about those early days and "experimentation".
   Frankly...not much else other than devotion appealed to me by that
point and suburbia wasn't so bad.

   Kelsey was not your average girl. She somehow seemed to have inherited
that subtle hippy mindset underneath her bubbly exterior. Save the Whales
and Save the ozone.

    MOM!! Don't you know that's animal flesh?!?!?
Two months later she was eating cheeseburgers again.

   We tried not to smother her radical ideas as they came and went and
we hoped she -- like us -- would just sort of smooth into the texture of
responsibility.
   And so when she stopped wearing gaudy make up and started looking
cute again...starting getting grades for the first time since grade 6 we
were relieved.
   She graduated top of her highschool class and was accepted to UCLA
with a partial scholarship. Paying her tuition and room&board was going to
be tight with a growing boy in the house...but we knew it was worthwhile.
   Every time she visited from university she seemed different. In all
her life she'd never had short hair but she finally got it cut short and
curly and her dark hair set off the blue contacts she wore.
   "I just wear them sometimes...don't you wish sometimes you had blue
eyes?" she asked all dimples.
   Sigh....yes I suppose there were many times I had.
   "But your hair! It's as short as a..."
   "Boys?... Mom... that's the way I like it."
   "What do your friends think?"
   "Oh... I don't care too much what they think... I know my best friend 
likes it. She says it makes me very attractive."
   "Attractive? To who?... I'm sorry Kel... I didnt' mean anything by that
remark..."
   She had certainly grown into an attractive young woman...not any 
taller than five foot four but she'd inherited my figure and took great care 
of it. She was very nicely filled out now.

   At the end of her second year before exams she came home homesick and
studied in her old room. It was sorta of nice to have her home but in all
honesty the more she was around the more I noticed how she was her own
person and I couldn't mother her any longer.
   It struck me shortly after that while she would always be my daughter
she was now a woman and I wondered what her sex life was like. Did she
have a boyfriend? She didn't talk about it, if she did. Was she
"doing it?" OH GOD! I hoped she wasn't....I hoped she was staying a
virgin forever. 
   So when she next came home from school I found myself
unable to keep from asking.
   "Are you dating anyone," I inquired as we peeled potatoes at the
kitchen sink.
   She smiled and looked around for her father. "Maybe."
   "Maybe?" I asked. "Are you going to make me pry?"
   "But you do it so well," she giggled.
   "I mean...I've been thinking....worried actually...are you...sexually
active...?"
   She smiled chopping the potato into pieces and taking the one from my
hand.
   "Well...depends...."
   "On what?" I asked confused. "You either are or aren't."
   Kelsey looked around again for her father. "Well...I mean I've had my
boyfriends...nothing serious...but..."
   "But? But? ....now yer driving me crazy."
   "But I do it so well," she giggled.
   I kept peeling thinking I would just wait until she made my worst
thoughts come to life.
   "Well...I am seeing someone..." she said mysteriously..."but not in
the way you might think...its a different kind of person..."
   "Oh God...he's not married is he?" I gasped.
   She giggled. "Cold mom...very cold."
   "Older? A teacher?" my eyes widened.
   "Still cold," she smiled.
   "Is he black...you know... I mean we don't care about that...
it's nothing to be ashamed of."
   "ICY," she leaned back against the countertop. God, 
she was pretty. Her breasts jutted out nicely in her T-Shirt.
   "I give up....Uncle! ....who is he?"
   She looked once more for Mark. "Well Mom...he.....is a she."
   I dropped the potato and it thudded on the aluminum sink.
   "A girl?" I whispered.
   God..the idea almost seemed silly...Kelsey with....some....girl?....
   "You're gay?!?" I gasped putting my hand to my mouth.
   She shook her head "No...no...I'm not gay...calm down
please.  Shit, MOm...there was no way to tell you... and I didn't plan to...
but you asked about my sex life... sorry."

   I sat down at the table. "How can you not be gay...and be..."
   "It's not like that," she smiled as she took a chair. "We're not like
in love or anything. I consider myself quite heterosexual...I just...I
dunno...wanted to...experiment...you know. I mean, it just happened.
And I liked it... well I still like it... I mean... it's just really
something you wouldn't understand unless you ever did it. Mom? 
Haven't you... I mean didn't you....back in the seventies... all that free
love..."
   I shook my head. "Well," I looked around. "I suppose it had come
up...but we weren't really hippies...and things were dying out by then...I
mean..."
   "Well...its just a thing...you know...she's really pretty... God is she
pretty... and we get along. We just want to try stuff out...GOD!" 
she blushed. "This is more embarrassing than I thought it would be.
   "I mean...." I stammered. "have you two...you know... 
   She just looked at me. 
  "GOD!"  I smiled and blushed. "You have!!!" I was full of panic and 
nervousness and wished I'd never brought up the subject. I whispered to her
"GOD! Don't tell your dad...he'll just keel over I promise you!"
   My mind started thinking about...imagining it...
   GOD! It was terribly arousing. And frightening at the same time.
   NOT MY Kelsey!!! Having sex with another girl!!!
   "What does she look like?" I asked, breathing quite heavily.
   Kelsey pulled a small coin pouch from her jeans and pulled a 
photo from it. "Uhm...her name's Mellie...she's first year too... Mom, it's
not like we love one another that way or anything..."
   The picture shook in my fingers and I was still giggling and shaking
my head. The girl was wearing a very tiny bikini. She was adorable. She
even looked a bit like she could be Kelsey's sister, if she had one.
   "I probably shouldn't say this... but... she's pretty. I mean, for a 
girl that is." God, I was nervous about this. What was stranger is that I
found myself looking at this young girl's breasts. Kelsey was right! 
What a figure. Had Kelsey touched her there? My eyes went down to her bikini
No! I couldn't think that. Kelsey didn't!

"I'm glad you like her too.... I mean, I'm glad you think she's pretty too.

She's beautiful, actually. Mom... I'm glad you're taking this so well,"
Kelsey said.
   I giggled.
   "What's so funny?"
   "Oh...you know....just being old like me...and well...you know we
never thought about gay... not-gay... and here you are...God! Kelsey, do
you really do it with her??? I realized what I said. "I'm sorry, it's just
that it's so... so..."
   "Fascinating?" Kelsey answered, smiling at me.
   "Well," I paused. "yeah...I guess it is. You know when we were
young....that was so....unspeakable...but you know...I had my thoughts...I
wasn't a total square....but there's a big jump from that to this!"
   I laughed. I couldn't help it. "God...now I can't stop thinking about
it..." 
I giggled. "Look what you've done to me!"
   "Sorry...I didn't mean to spoil your imagination."
   "Well...let's just try to keep this under our hats and you let me know
how things come along...I mean.. sorry...I meant..." I giggled.
   "I know what you mean Mom," Kelsey smiled.
   She opened her arms to hug me.
   The hug just wasn't the same now. Not with these images in my head.
I hugged her and felt something sexual in the core of my body... I felt her
breasts against me... 
   "Let's finish the potatoes," I said, quickly moving away and back to the
counter.

   Kelsey came home for the summer and brought home what I most feared --
not a "girlfriend"...but her...sexuality.
   I had spent the four weeks leading up to her return trying desperately
to get the image of her and Mellie out of my mind....and not having much
success. Picturing that beautiful girl in the bikini... with my Kelsey... 
Part of me was disgusted...part of me was fascinated...another part
frightened...and another part... aroused.
   So when she took into her old room and got a job at the library nearby I
dreaded the whole thought of being around her while all I could think about
her was...that.
   But my curiosity got the better of me. I wanted to ask so many
questions.... filthy questions.  I could hardly bring myself to ask them
aloud to myself let alone my daughter.
   As fate would have it...she seemed to sense this after a few weeks,
and the first chance we got that Mark and Aaron were gone to a ballgame, 
she brought it up.
   I had been finishing off the linens when she sat on the bed in our
room and boldly said, "You seem more...I dunno.. distant around me...is it
because of the thing with Mellie?"
  "Well, honey..." I started. 
  "Don't worry... That's over Mom...I mean we're friends but...I mean...we 
aren't doing anything right now."
   I was relieved to hear it...and strangely...a bit startled... and then,
a bit disappointed.
   "Well...honestly...I didn't have a real problem with it. Actually if
I had a problem, it was my own imagination... it was that I just couldn't 
stop thinking about it. I mean you're my daughter but it just...you 
know... even so I couldn't stop wondering..." I blushed.
   "Really?" she smiled. "That's sorts weird but its cool that you can
admit it...I mean that's how I started thinking about it... when I found
out one of my friends was fooling around with a girl."
   "Which one?" I asked.
   "Remember Helen at the rec centre? It turned out that back in high
school she started experimenting."
   "Valerie's girl...GOD! Do her parents know?"
   "I don't really know her that well anymore...I haven't talked to her
since she told me...it sorta spooked me..."
   "But it did the same thing to you that your story did to me?"
   "Yeah...it got me thinking...wondering...you know...and well...Mellie
and I got to be good friends and we both were thinking about it a lot... 
and we asked if either of us had experimented... and... well... one night I
was extremely horny... things just sort of happened from there."
   "Well...I didn't mean to seem distant...I'm embarrassed...I mean... 
getting aroused by thinking about your own daughter...and then on top of it
wondering...you know...what's it like...I wanted to ask.. but it all just
seems so....secret...you know..."
   "Well..if you wanna know, Mom..it really feels great.. I mean in a very
sexual sort of way..psychologically too I guess..and as for thinking about
me... well, its not like its incest or something."
   "What a word!' I gasped. "It's just that I thought about it  once...only
once mind you...if I wanted  to try it..I don't know anyone..isn't that
silly? What a thought.. I mean I don't know any lesbians or whatever. Maybe
when I was young I could have found someone but now.. I mean.. you're the
only one I know  who...you know....has ever tried it."
   Kelsey shrugged her shoulders. "Yeah I guess its not so easy...I mean
things just sort of fell into our lap with Mellie and I...it is kinda
weird...I could see why you would have thought that....you know...who else
do I know...Kelsey's the only one...."
  I had just lost my mind and was laughing at nothing in particular....

   Mark called out from downstairs.
   Thank God for that! Saved by the bell...what else were we going to
say?!!? We'd reached a terribly embarrassing impasse.

   The next morning after Mark had gone to work and Aaron was in the den
watching television, Kelsey found me in the study.
   "Hi,"
   "Hi...just finishing up the bills for the month. Not working today?"
   "Nah...switched with Natalie she wants to go to a concert tonight at
the rec centre. Mom, I ...uh...wanted to talk to you..."
   "Oh?" I asked with voice and eyes gleaming.
   "About what you said...about you know... that you were curious...
thinking you didn't know anyone...you know... "
   I wasn't sure where she was going, so my expression asked for me.
   "Well...I mean...it is weird...but...not that it had to be like...you
know...everything...but if you just wanted to ...well...test the feeling
of...`hands' or something...GOD! I shouldn't even be asking you 
this..." she blushed.
   The office was filled with anticipation and embarrassment.
   "Are you...uh..." I wasn't laughing now.... "Are you asking me...
Kelsey! GOD! You're propositioning me. I mean I'm excited... 
and curious...but it just sounds...too..."
   "Kinky?" she giggled. 'I know...me too...but.. well... Mom, it's been
awhile since I've been with Mellie and I've been kind of horny lately 
and... I guess when I thought of it...I figured well... I could use some 
sort of... stimulation myself...."
   "You really must have really liked it," I said... asked?
   "Mom, it's like an addiction."
   "I don't know. I mean, Mark and I are older now... and we 
sort of got over it..."
   "No, Mom... I swear... it's intense... much more intense than
with a guy. I miss it..."
   "You are horny, aren't you sweetheart!"
   I broke into hysterical laughter and Kelsey followed suit.
   "Sorry...I know its too weird...I just know how I felt when I was 
wondering about it, and well... I shouldn't have asked"
   "You feel sorry for me," I smiled.
   "No...well...yeah...no...its just that you know...you're not in college
anymore with kids experimenting... where you could find someone 
that.... well ... would be willing to try things with you..."
   "You mean if you were in school right now, you'd go looking 
for it?" I giggled
   "Well, yeah. I hate to say this, but I probably would. Mom... 
I really am horny. It must be that time of month or something."
   "Well, you could find some guy..."
   "No Mom... that won't do it. It has to be a girl... I get so excited 
just thinking about it. But you know... I'm not there, where I can find 
somebody of my own sex... I can't do it here... the town's too small. 
And where would I find anybody my... well..."
   "Age?" I asked. 
   "Well... yeah..."
   "Kelsey... Am I too old for you?"
   "No...not actually...you look great...I mean I think even the girls 
who I know who ARE lesbians would say you're sexy.  Its just 
that... your..."
   "Boring?"
   Kelsey smiled. "Well...not boring...just you live in a very
protective environment...where things like that don't happen or if they
do....they are kept secret very well."
   "Well," I smiled nervously..."I appreciate the offer but maybe that's
just a bit too weird even for us hippies..."
   "Well.. think about it.. If you ever want to.. I just mean..you know.."
   "A little stimulation...isn't that what you said?" I giggled.
   "Well...I'm going to meet dad for lunch in a couple of hours so."
   "Make sure he doesn't eat meat...he's on a diet," I instructed her.

   Kelsey's "idea" was right of left field. But to my shame...it was
a tempting offer. I had this bizarre mixture of scorn and lust involved
with the thought. She and I even..you know..simulating touching...eeeewww!
   Eeewww to the incestuous concept.
   And a bigger Eeeeeeewwww to how much a part of me found the idea
twice as depravedly attractive as just "experimenting with another woman".
   GREAT! Now I had two things running through my head....arousing me
and terrifying me.
   Kelsey having sex with another woman.
   Kelsey having sex with another woman...who just happened to be me.
   Only in my revolting flashes of sexual perversity it wasn't just
"simulated touching".
   I went up and masturbated to two orgasms within an hour, and took a nap.
   So for the next week....I had a new psycho-sexual battle to wager.
Emotionally when I thought of it...incest was enough to make me vomit. I
had given birth bathed and brought up this beautiful girl...she was my
daughter....but without those emotional facets...the idea...from a purely
carnal standpoint...she was gorgeous... she was built... it was deliciously
sick.
   To my chagrin I found the carnal side winning and found that when I
was around her...I was staring at her. She was turning me on.... I couldn't
believe it... getting aroused looking at another woman... my daughter... 
I wanted to say, "okay...let's..."
   Thank God I was far too cowardly!!!
   The following week, I started thinking about it when Mark and I made
love...not the whole time...just during certain aspects...here and
there....ashamed of it afterwards, but without a soul to confess to.

   The morning Aaron went off to daycamp for the month of August, Kelsey
brought the subject up again. I was fixing the cushions on the couch and
she had come down from reading (her morning ritual).
   "So....about what we talked about..." she said nervously.
   I couldn't tell if she was terrified I'd say yes or terrified I'd say
no. What a horrible thought!!!
   "Well," I smiled. "Would you think horribly of me if I said I had
thought about it?" I asked.
   "No...not at all...I uh...when I asked...I didn't think...well...since
then..."
   "I don't know how I feel," I decided to save her the embarrassment.
"Truth is...I am curious...and I never thought about what you suggested as
anything more than ridiculous.. but..being totally honest ..there's a dirty
part of me that uh.."
   "Me too," she confessed.
   "Are you still as horny as last week?"
   She nodded.
   "God, Kel... so am I. Shit..."
   The two of stood there digesting this uncomfortable mutual admission.
   Silence.
   "Maybe..." I started to say thinking best I stop my mouth from even
saying maybe...
   "Maybe what..."
   "Maybe we can...start slow...uh...GOD!" I blushed.
   "Don;t be embarrassed," Kelsey said. "I'm fine with that..."
   "I...uh..." trying to be mature and in control. "I'll need you to
sort of...you know..."
   "No problem...I mean...I'm the one who's done it. I understand"
   Uncomfortable silence again.
   "So..." I asked, not sure what or when this was supposed to happen.
   "So..." she smiled. "Why don't you sit here...on the back of the couch?"
she asked.
   She meant now? ...oh GOD!! Was I ready for this...ready to break at
least two taboos??
   My fear was flavored with the sexual tension and anticipation of the
last few months....since she had first confessed her "experimentation" to
me.
   I hesitantly rounded the couch and sat up on the back of it, my dusty
jeans and tight white t-shirt suddenly feeling conspicuous....were they
sexy...were they a turn off?
   Kelsey stood in front of me, in a deliciously tight pair of levi cutoffs,
and a T-Shirt with no bra. Her nipples were showing. Did I turn her on?
  Sh si, "Well...close your eyes...that'll make it easier for both of us I
think."
   GOOD IDEA. As soon as I closed my eyes half of my discomfort was
gone...but then it opened up a new sense of...sexuality.
   I felt her hand on my shoulder. "Tell me when you get freaked
out..." 
   "You too," I said nervously.

   Her finger extended from her hand, and went round my neck, giving
me shivers... she leaned in and gave me a kiss on the neck... Oh, God!
Her finger strolled down slowly to my chest...over my right breast 
to the nipple.
   GOD!....I tried not to react...but I couldn't help it...it was
incredibly sexual...and I was so unbelievably aroused.
   "Mmmmmmm," I moaned slightly...softly.
  This must have been an encouragement because her palm suddenly opened
over my whole right breast and I gasped...feeling the warmth of her hand
through my  T-shirt. She massaged my flesh.
   "GOD Kelsey...this is really turning me on..." I confessed nervously.
   "Me too," she said in an airy voice.
   I wanted to say....let's stop....I thought she might say it...but she
didn't.
   Her other hand was now cupping my left breast and together her hands
started circling my heaving breasts as my breathing got deeper and more
excited.
   The experience of being touched by another woman blended with the
fact that Kelsey was the woman...was......overwhelming... beyond reality!!!
   Her hands left my breasts and travelled over my torso and sides
pulling my shirt from my jeans around the waist.
   "Is this too far?" Kelsey asked in a whisper, nibbling my ear.
   Of course it was too far...too far way back at...can you sit here...
   Her hands, without hesitation, pulled my shirt up over my breasts. 
Her hands reached around my back. I could feel her breasts against mine
as her fingers unfastened my bra clasp.
   This was suddenly moving much faster!
   MY breasts felt the release from confines. The bra dropped to the 
floor and Kelsey's hand cupped my right breast.
   Her warm mouth covered the nipple and my eyes opened as I cooed.
   "GOD! Kelsey...I'm...God..I feel like I'm about to..." I was trembling.
My pussy must have been soaked.
   She stopped and massaged my breast with her hands rubbing the nipples
skilfully between her fingers. "Me too. Take it easy... there's
more," she panted.
   Then she was right back....mouthing my right breast as she explored
the other with her hand, then switching as I watched her...panting...
   "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....Kelsey...can I say I'm enjoying this..."
   "Your not the only one," she muttered momentarily and then went to my
right breast again, my hand on her head, my free one taking the place of
her hand to cup my breast for her to suck. Her legs moved next to mine...
around mine. Her thigh moved between my legs. Her cutoffs were pressed
against my thigh. As she held me, mouthing my nipple until I thought I
would faint, I felt my baby gently moving her hips against me.... Kelsey
was dry-fucking me.
   "Kel.. I like it.. I mean.. Oh, sweet God, I love it.. but you.. I mean,
how can you be enjoying this... I'm not doing anything for you..." I almost
lost it again, and had to take a deep breath. "OHHhh, God! That's it. Suck
it, sweetheart."
   She looked up at me, her tongue on my nipple. "I LIKE TO DO THIS... OK? 
It really turns me on... to play with another woman's breasts. 
   "Not as much as it's doing to me," I giggled.
   "Don't bet on it," she teased. The focal point of her womanhood pressed
into my thigh ever harder. She clamped her lips on my nipple, while her
tongue roved over the tip. "How's that?," she mumbled.
   "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm...yeah...it feels good...you do this well...
I mean, REALLY well... I can tell you've done this before" I panted. 
   "Kelsey... DO I have...attractive ones?"
   "They're perfect," she replied and returned to my left one. "Oh, God
Mom... they're absolutely perfect."
   "Mom... is this as good as with Mark?"
   "Ooooohh, baby... don't make me ... "
   "Say it Mom... Say it!"
   "Oh, yes... you're good Kelsey... OOOOhhhh... BETTER!"
   My admission motivated her even more.
   My hands found her waist and stared pulling her turtleneck out of her
jeans. She gave a slight moan to this let me know this was fine with her so
I got it off of her as she straightened. I immediately went to work at her
bra.
   "God I can't believe I'm doing this?" I said as I got it unfastened
and pulled the cups from her ample breasts. "Taking off my daughter's
bra!... so I could... get at her breasts."
   "Me either....do you wanna stop?" she asked.
   "Do you?" I asked breathlessly.
   Neither of us answered.
   "Kelsey... I can't help it. If you want to stop, tell me..." 
   Her eyes were glazed over with sex. I leaned forward, looking up at her,
and took her breast into my mouth... amazed and seduced by the sweet smell
of her perfume and the smooth youth of her skin....and the forbidden
suckling of her beautiful breast...and the taboo of incest.
   "God! MOM!"Kelsey gasped....."Yeah....oooooooooooo...lick the nipple..."
   Her nipples were warm and hard and soft and delicious.. and her hands
were still exploring my chest and hair as I slid my mouth over her left
breast.
   "Oh, Jesus Mom. faster Oh, God that's it." She was breathing hard now.
   "Gosh, hon... you weren't kidding when you said you were excited,
were you?" Her nipples were standing a good half inch.
   Her hands went to my waist and excitedly started undoing my jeans. In
seconds she had them loosened and I stood up so that she could get them
down. I yanked them off and sat back on the couch. Kelsey got cutoffs
off as well as her panties, while I sucked on her nipples. This was moving
way too fast... She slid both her hands down my thighs to my
briefs... her hand and slid into the waistband and neatly down
to crotch. I slid forward my butt against the couch, my legs spreading,
as my shoes hit the floor.
   Her finger slid into me....
   "Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo..." I moaned as I put both hands on the
couch bracing against her intrusion.
   Her free hand was getting my briefs down as her finger started exploring
me deeply.
   "Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwdd," I moaned..."Kelsey....what are you doing to me?
mmmmmmmmmm... yeah...."
   "Do you like it?" she said playfully...out of breath herself.
   "I love it...." I panted....looking down to see her finger pumping into
me...watching it as I moaned and enjoyed the feel of it. "This is
really kinky," I moaned, watching her finger fuck me. 
   "Watch me finger fuck you, Mom..."
   "OOOhhhh... .shit... honey... I'm really enjoying this...""
   "Me too," Kelsey said. Her legs were wrapped again around my
thighs, and I could feel her wetness against them. She again approached my 
breasts, sucking them one-handed as her finger continued to wiggle and 
explore every inch of my soaked crotch....the vulva...the clitoris...the 
labia...the walls within...
   MY hands went to her rear....suddenly I was interested in her behind.
I had always thought she had a great ass...but not like "that". My hands
caressed the smooth young skin... she rubbed against my leg as I stroked
her beautiful ass... then, almost naturally... my hand moved forward 
between us... to her thighs...up....
   Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggnnnnnnnnnn," she moaned loudly as
my finger slipped deep into her forbidden crevice.
   GOD! What was I doing!?!?!? I was feeling up my daughter. I was finger
fucking her. But she felt so wet and warm and slippery...it just was
incredible....totally different than touching myself.... totally different
than Mark... she was so turned on.... she was writhing on my finger.
   "GOD MOM! I wanna do it..I'm going crazy...I have to DO IT.. PLEASE!!!!"
she muttered as she pulled away.
   "I..." I tried to say feverishly.
   But she was already pulling me towards the middle of the room.
   "Lay down...." she said excitedly.
   The rug was cool and my mind was thinking straighter now... without any
actual stimulation.... Okay...we had gone too far...now we should stop....
   Kelsey faced my feet and straddled my body...a hand at each knee and a
knee at each ear.
   Her hips slid apart as she lowered her crotch to my face and plunged
her tongue deep into me.
   "Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggggnnnnnnnnnnn!!!" I moaned
desperately,the feel of her tongue slithering inside me too much for me to
bear. "God! Kelsey! NOoooooooooooooooooo.... OOOoohhhh, God!!!!
Honey... Oh, shit..." I was screaming. Taking a breath I asked her,
"is this what you did with Mellie"
  "Uh huh... This is what I did TO Mellie... OOOhhhh... I need it. 
I love your pussy so much!"
   I could hear and feel her feasting on me, her lips sucking at me as
her tongue explored into me and her hot breath panted on my pelvic area.
  "OOOoohhhh... Yes... I'm glad you like pussy!!! Oh, God you're good."
My knees had raised and opened instinctively to give her full access.
  "Ooooh, Mom... this turns me on as much as it does you... believe me...
you're pussy is so big... so warm... so wet... Oooohhh, God!"
  I looked into her pussy. She was so wet. She was MORE than just horny.
She NEEDED it.... Ohh, God... I was going to do it... my  mouth opened and
covered her wet crotch, my tongue slipping into  her forbidden folds with
one thrust as I savoured the feel of her  insides....moist...
   My hands were on her thighs her hips rocking back towards me as she
moaned in a high pitched voice, pausing from her feast to rub at my clit
and make me moan as she panted. "Yeah...OOOohhhh! Suck me
mom....ooooooooooooooooooooooo...yeah! Deeper...your tongue feels
incredible....ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.....GOD
I wanted this so bad!!!!!"
   Then her tongue lunged into me again,her mouth moving over my crotch
as her finger rubbed still; at my clit.
   OH GOD! This was the most incredibly erotic thing I could ever have
thought of even in my best fantasies....I was loving every minute of
it...aware too that afterwards....guilt... shame...GOD! We'd have to keep
this a secret!!
   Kelsey's hips started gyrating more quickly against my mouth and my
whole body felt like it was shaking as she started bringing me to climax.
   "God Kelsey!!!" I paused, "I'm gunna cum..."
   She licked hard at my clit sending thrills up my hips and back and
her tongue probed into me as I started to churn and shove my tongue into
her even more intently.
  She suddenly started yelling...her hips bucking like crazy as she
straightened up,arched her back and cried out...
"GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWDDDD!! ...MOM!" 
OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhh, I'm cuuuuummmmmmmiinngggggggg!!!! Give me 
your tongue.... Ooohhh, yes... deeper.... A few gasps and howls like the 
first as she climaxed into my mouth.
   But mine came before hers... as her tongue swabbed the depths of
my womanhood... she drank her mother's juice... OOOhhh what a
beautiful, Lesbian, daughter.
   I loved this so much. Even when she was through, I kept exploring her 
pussy with my tongue as she rubbed my clit. I realized she was cumming 
again... as was I.... She returned her tongue to finish me orally.
   We were both bucking and moaning with frantic breath and dizzy
minds....our pleasure only slightly threatened in the distance
with........self-hatred.
   We lay on the floor having sex all afternoon.
   GOD! IT WAS...........despicably divine.