Archive-name: Bondage/diana2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Diana - 2


When morning came, Mark told Diana to go to the hot tub again,
she did so, he joined her a few minutes later and served her a
light breakfast of fruit and toast, along with coffee.  They ate
and Mark kissed her tenderly.  "Are you ready for more my love?",
he questioned.  "Yes darling, more than ready."  Diana said. 
Mark began to gently touch her body everywhere and kissed her,
inserting his tongue deep into her mouth.  Both teasing each
other with their tongues, playing tag inside her mouth.  He then
stood and looked down at Diana and said, it is time.  "You wait
here a moment."  Diana stayed in the hot tub, waiting for her
husband to return.  She finished her morning coffee as she
waited.  When he returned, he carried with him clothing and a
towel.  

Diana could not make out what the clothing was, for it was
partially hidden by the towel.  "Come my dear," Mark said,
reaching out his hand to her.  She stood, taking his hand and
stepped out of the hot tub.  Mark slowly, and effortlessly wiped
the towel over Diana's body, drying all areas.  He then turned
back to the clothing, which he had hung on the back of the door. 
"You will put this on now", he did not make a request, but
ordered her to do so.  She understood the forcefulness of his
command and became excited by his sudden power over her.  

The clothing was not what she had thought it to be.  It was a
leather halter. She looked this item over carefully, trying to
figure out exactly how to put it on.  Mark moved to her side and
said he would help her this time.  He took the halter from her
and placed one strap around her waist.  The next strap criss-
crossed between her breast and then over her shoulders and was
secured to the waist band.  She could feel two straps on the back
of the halter, but did not know what their purpose was.  Under
the straps that criss-crossed between her breasts were small cups
and it pushed her breasts upwards, making the full and extended
more.  Mark then took her left hand and pulled it to her back and
placed it in one of the straps which had been dangling. He
tighten the strap around her wrist leaving her arm now secured
about mid-way up her back from her waistline.  He then secured
the right wrist to the remaining straps.  

Diane could feel the excitement starting to build within her. 
She could feel the moisture of her juices ebb out onto the top of
her closed legs.

Mark took her by the elbow, without a word, and led her across
the bath into the bedroom and to the locked door.  He reached to
his pocket and unlocked the door and forcefully pulled Diana into
the room.  Diana did not react to this, for she was enjoying his
forcefulness.  He led her to the center of the room, then walked
back to turn on a light.

The room, which had no windows, was carpeted with a thick, soft
carpeting.  On one side of the room stood stocks, the type they
used back in Colonial days in the U.S. for public punishments.

On the other side of the room was a table with leather straps at
one end of the table, secured to the top of the table.  Leather
straps also secured to the legs of the table.  The table appeared
to be adjustable in height.  Next to the table, standing out from
the wall about five feet,  was what appeared to be a large
picture frame.  This frame was made of 2 x 4's and on the corners
resting on the carpet were tripods made of wood to hold the frame
upright. On each inside corner of the frame were chains with
hooks on them.  In one corner a chair was poised with the seat
facing the corner.  There were two straight back, wooden chairs
in the room plus a soft, easy chair.  On the final wall, there
was a cupboard, with its doors closed.

Mark took Diana to the frame and told her to stand there waiting
for him.  She did so, with anticipation of what was to come.  She
was excited even more now, after having seen the room.  He walked
to the cupboard and opened it.  Diana saw for the first time the
cupboard's contents.  The first shelf of the cupboard held
leather straps, varying in width, along with little clamps (what
their purpose was, she did not know).  On the second shelf were
several types of paddles, ranging from leather paddles to wooden
paddles.  On the third shelf were whips and wide, thick leather
belts.  She gasped when she first looked.  Mark did not turn
around to look at her, but continued his action of pulling items
out of the cupboard.  He opened a drawer, the lower portion of
the cupboard had three drawers in it, and pulled something from
it.  Diana could not see what it was.  He then walked back to
Diana carrying various items in his hands.

"Are you sure you wish this, my love?"  Mark questioned.  

"Yes darling, anything to make you happy."  Diana replied, with
some hesitation in her voice but conviction in her thinking.

Mark told her to turn around, she did so.  He undid her hands and
told her to hold them out to her side.  As she did this, Mark
placed a leather strap on each wrist then ordered her to stand
within the frame.  She moved back and he took each hand and
connected the wrists to the chains on each corner.  She was now
secured to the frame.  He walked back to the cupboard and pulled
out two more leather straps and came to her and secured the
straps around her ankles.  He told her to spread her legs wide,
and as she did he connected the chains from the corners of the
frame to the straps on her ankles.  She now was spread eagle
within the frame.  Mark went back to the cupboard and got some
other items.  When he came back to her, he told her to open her
mouth wide.  She did so, and as she did he placed a small, rubber
dildo into her mouth then secured the dildo in place with a
leather strap around her mouth and head.  She was so excited by
now that her juices were running down her open legs.  Her hips
moved forward in a grinding motion, as if she were searching for
something to touch her burning pussy and give her satisfaction. 
Nothing was to be found and she remained in her most excited

condition.  Mark, taking notice of her hip motion decided to
secure her waist and hooked chains to the waist band of the 
halter she still wore.  Her motion now thwarted, making her pussy
even more electrified with excitement.  

Mark went back to the cupboard and removed two of the clamps
and a retrieve a scarf from one of the drawers.  He draped the
scarf over his shoulder and walked back to Diana.  He reached out
and touched her breasts, looking her in the eyes the entire time.

He then took one of the clamps and showed it to her then moved
down to her left breast and pulled on the nipple slightly.  Her
eyes showed the fear she now had.  Mark had been cautious to take
the clamps that would exert the least amount of pressure on her
tender nipples, causing no more pressure than if he were to pinch
the nipple with his fingers.  He placed the clamp on the left
nipple and watched Diana's eyes carefully.  She closed her eyes
at the sudden pressure on her nipple and rolled her head back. 
She was already excited and moist, and this just pushed her
further to the edge.  He then placed the other clamp on her right
nipple.  Once both were securely in place he patted them softly
and Diana reacted even more, trying to thrust her hips forward
without success.  Mark took the scarf and secured it around her
eyes now, so she had only her sense of feeling and hearing to
rely upon.  

Diana could feel the rush of pleasure overtaking her body.  Her
senses were tuned into the sensation of feeling only.  The
pressure on her nipples did not cause pain, but excited her more.

She felt no pain from her bonds, but the sensation of heat
flowing through her was almost overwhelming.  She wanted to tell
Mark to take her, but with the small dildo in her mouth she could
not speak.  She stood, trying to get some satisfaction from the
penis shaped dildo in her mouth by sucking on and picturing in
her mind it was Mark's stiff cock.

Mark sat in the easy chair now and watched her.  He did not
speak, nor move.  He just sat quietly by watching her.  When he
felt her anxiousness had increased enough, he rose and got a
leather belt from the cupboard.  The belt he choose was a thin
belt, which gave more sting than anything else.  

Diana heard him get up and could tell he had gone to the
cupboard.  She did not know what was to happen next, but was
mesmerized by the sudden sounds of activity about her.  She could
feel her pussy begin to throb with anticipation.

Mark walked to her and said nothing.  He reached down to her
pussy and felt it with his fingers.  She was wet.  He took rather
large dildo and eased it into her cunt.  She moaned through the
rubber penis pushed into her mouth.  He then moved to the side of
her and swiftly swung the double over belt in the air, snapping

it so  she could hear the leather slap together.  She reacted as
she had been struck with the leather, rather than just hearing
it.  Mark reached down to the dildo and pulled it out slowly, to
the very tip of it, then quickly pushed it back into her.  She
moaned again.  He pulled his arm back and the leather belt came
down with a light, but sound impact on Diana's bare-bottom.  She
screamed through her gag at the first smack.  Mark continued to
slap the leather strap on her ass.  Each time he struck her he
would spank the leather strap down a little more strenuously
until the spanking strokes became firm and consistent.  As he did
this he reached to the dildo in her hot pussy and pulled it in
and out, in and out, until Diana was moaning more and more.  When
he sensed she was about to cum he stopped and waited, removing
the dildo.  Her body reacted and she expressed this by flipping
her head back.  Mark reached down and touched her now wide open
pussy and could tell she had not come.  Exactly what he wanted. 
He let her stand, bond by her chains, in her burning excitement. 
When he was satisfied she had settled down some, he began again. 
Slapping her buttocks with the leather strap with a firm stroke
and pushing the dildo in and out of hot pussy.  He brought her to
point of orgasm again and then pulled the dildo from her and
stopped spanking her.  He continued this process for quite some
time, to Diana it seemed like hours, but in fact, it was just
under one hour.  

Her ass was now a bright, burning red and she still had not been
satisfied.  She ached inside and the rage of fire in her wet
pussy was causing her a yearning to be fucked and fucked hard.

Mark unhooked her slowly.  He braced her against his body, for
she was having trouble standing.  Her arms feel to her sides.  He
reached for them and rubbed them tenderly, bringing the total
sensation of feeling back to her arms.  He then did the same with
her legs.  Letting her brace herself against his shoulder as he
moved down to her legs.  Once she was able to stand again on her
own he ordered her to the middle of the room.  She walked, being
guided by Mark to the middle of the room and he placed his hand
on her shoulder to indicate to her to stop.  He then placed his
hands firmly on her shoulders and told her to move down to the
floor on her knees.  She did do.  He positioned her hands in
front of her and pushed her head down to the soft carpet.  He
commanded her not to move or he would be forced to tie her hands
and spank her again.  Diana did not move.  She waited, with her
hands and arms to her elbows crossed on floor with her head
resting on her forearms.  Her sore, burning, bright red ass
thrust into the air.  Mark was hard and ready.  He reached down,
grabbing Diana's hot ass cheeks and opening them.  His hand moved
to her moist pussy and his fingers reached into her and pulled
out with a handful of her hot juices and he rubbed his cock. 
When it was slippery he pushed it hard into Diana's ass.  His
force even surprised him for he entered her completely on the
first push.  She screamed into her gag.  Mark moved slowly now,
pulling out, when the head of his cock reached the opening he

pushed hard back into her.  He this pattern for a bit, slowly
pulling out then with forcefulness pushing himself back into her
ass.  His hands still on her burning, red ass.  He could feel the
heat her ass cheeks were giving off from her spanking and this
excited him more.  His movements picked up speed.  He bent over
further and reached for Diana's left, clamped nipple and pulled
on the clamp slightly.  Diana was about to explode.  Mark then
put his attention totally on her ass and pushed in and out with a
great deal of speed.  Diana felt his cock swell inside her and
she came with the most extraordinary orgasm she had ever had. 
Mark's cum exploded into her ass and Diana came again.  When Mark
had finished, he pulled her to her feet.  

He left the blindfold on her and her gag in her mouth, then
placed her hands behind her back and secured them to her halter. 
He removed the nipple clamps and led her to the chair in the
corner of the room.  He ordered her to sit.  She did so, with a
little too much enthusiasm, causing herself pain when her very
sore buttocks touched the hard, wooden chair.  He knelt down in
front of her and secured her ankles, one to each side to the leg
of the chair.  

"I shall leave you here.  You are not to attempt to move, no
matter what happens.  Do you understand?"  Mark questioned her
authoritatively.

Diana shook her head up and down.  She was still very excited and
still wanted to cum again.  The threat of something else
happening excited her even more.  She had loved the activities
thus far this morning.  She had never felt so much delirium in
having sex before and wanted more.

She did not know how long she sat there.  She did know her bottom
hurt badly.  She also knew her pussy was still hot and wet.  She
wanted to feel Mark's hard cock inside her pussy.  She tried not
to think about it because it would only make her condition worse.

It was quiet all around her.  Her hearing had become acute having
had her eyes blindfolded for so long.  

Suddenly behind her, she heard Mark's voice, he was talking to
someone, but not to her.  She shuddered at the thought of someone
else seeing her in her current predicament.    Mark and her
enjoying each other in this way was one thing, because it was
private between them, but to have someone else involved or even
around made her suddenly feel embarrassed.

end of part two

--
