Archive-name: Bondage/diane1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Perils of Diane, The


Diane stood 6'2", 145 pounds, and all of it was in the right places.  Large
enough  tits  to  be properly played with,  slim waist,  hips wide enough to be
ridden wildly.  She stood out in that crowd of uninhibited  bar  patrons.  Both
Jeff and Carl saw her at the same time.  "Now there is one lady I would like to
have tied to my bed." said Carl.
"Your bed,  my ass.  I've got a greek cross that needs her more.  Can't you
just see that young,  firm body,  stretched out and sweating.  Waiting for  the
next lash of my whip,  or maybe a shock to her juicy cunt from the cattle prod.
Damn I've got to get her spread. "
"Jeff,  maybe we could share her.  Have you seen her talking to any of  the
guys around here?"
"Nope. She's with that table of pusses. I think I will go ask her to dance,
and see what happens."
Jeff got up and walked over to Diane.
"Excuse me, Would you like to dance."
"Sure."
"My name is Jeff Atkins, whats yours?"
"Diane Williams."
They  went  on out to the dance floor,  and danced.  After the dance,  Jeff
introduced her to Carl,  and bought her a drink.  Through out the evening  they
danced  several  times.  As the bar was about to close,  Jeff asked if he could
drive her home,  and the invitation was accepted.  Carl took his own car  home,
after saying goodnight.  Once out in the parking lot, and in Jeff's car,  Diane
began to kiss and nibble his ear. Jeff was hot enough just from the thoughts he
had  been  thinking  all evening.  Soon her blouse was open,  and her tits were
free.  Jeff had presence of mind to calm things down enough to get her  to  his
home in the country.  Once inside,  he got her into the bedroom, undressed, and
into bed. Stripping himself, he just about dove in bed with her.  It was like a
wrestling  match between them.  Hands all over each other,  lips the same.  His
dick in her mouth, cunt and ass. Minute after minute, hour after hour.  The two
sweating  bodies  rubbed,  and rolled together.  At around seven in the morning
they fell asleep.
The next morning,  or rather afternoon,  Jeff was the first to wake.  After
getting out of bed,  he got a pair of his handcuffs and put them on her wrists,
behind her back, then tied her ankles.  The next thing was to shower, shave and
get  some coffee.  He started the coffee first,  then got into the shower after
looking in on the still sleeping beauty.
"HEY. What the hell is going on? Jeff where are you? " Screamed Diane.
Jeff strolled into the bedroom with his cup of coffee.
"Well you finally woke up.  Good.  I just didn't want you to leave while  I
was  in  the shower.  And I have plans for you today.  Or should I say,  I have
plans for your tits, and your cunt.  I don't think that you would volunteer for
what I have in mind, so I restricted your movements."
"Just what do you have in mind? I mean I came home with you. I love the way
you fucked me,  and ate me.  I loved sucking every  inch  of  your  cock.  What
wouldn't I like. Untie me you son-of-a-bitch."
"Now, now you dumb cunt. I happen to be a master of sexual pain, and I plan  to
torment your tits and pussy for my pleasure.  Would you 'allow' me to stick
needles in your tits and the lips of your pussy?  I think not.  Would you allow
me  to  use  a  whip on your lovely ass or your tits.  I also plan to use a new
electrical device to stimulate the flow of juice in your cunt.  Now tell me the
truth, would you 'allow' me to take these liberties with you?"
"Hell no, and I am going to fight you all the way. How do you think you are
going to get away with these things?  You've kidnaped me for sex.  And you  are
going to torture me. You will go to jail for this..."
"I really don't think so. When I'm done with you today, you are going to be
begging  for more.  Pleading for me to lash your cunt and tits.  Crying for the
bite of my cane across your ass. Yes, believe it, you will."
Jeff scooped her up and took her first to the bathroom,  and set her on the
pot.  She fought him every inch of the way, but once there, she did her job. He
used a hot, moist rag to wash her off very roughly, then once again scooped her
up and carried her to the basement.  When the lights came on,  she saw what was
waiting for her.  It looked like a modern version of a  torture  chamber  in  a
castle  somewhere  in old Europe.  Across the room was a huge 'greek cross',  a
large wooden 'x' made from two pieces of wood measuring 12" by 12". The top was
held in place by a rope to each of the tops.  These ropes ran through  pulleys,
and  then  to  a  cleat.  On  each  of  the four ends were hooks,  used to hold
whatever.  Jeff dropped on a chair long enough to get four sheepskin cuffs  for
her  wrists,  and ankles.  There were metal rings set in these cuffs,  and they
locked into place.  Again he picked her up and took her to the  'x'.  There  he
untied  her ankles and quickly slipped the rings onto the hooks that would hold
her legs wide apart.  Next he unlocked the handcuff from her  left  wrist,  and
refastened it to a deadeye.  Taking the left arm and stretching it  upward,  it
too  was  fastened  to  a  hook.  He  repeated  the process with the right arm.
Stepping back to admire his new toy,  he moved a lever which lowered  the  area
beneath her feet and left her suspended in place.
"My dear." He said.  "I'll make you a bet,  that within four hours you will  be
begging me to keep you for my pleasure.  But first things first. I  promised
you  that  I  would stick needles in your tits and the lips of your pussy.  The
idea is twofold, first to give me pleasure in hearing you scream, and second to
sensitize them for use later."
He crossed the room and took out a tin box, and opened it so that she could
see the contents.  There were many needles,  all were  thin  and  of  different
lengths.  Taking  one that was about three inches long,  he approached her.  He
bent forward and kissed a spot on her left tit, just above the nipple.  Then he
pinched the flesh there and ran the needle just under the skin.  Diane screamed
loudly,  and he told her to scream as much as she cared to,  no one would  hear
her.  Within  the  next fifteen minutes he planted a dozen needles in her tits,
and five in the lips of her cunt.  She had screamed  herself  hoarse,  and  had
started to sweat heavily.  Tears streamed down her face,  and Jeff only laughed
at her.  Jeff left the area for a moment,  returning he had a rubber sheet that
had long, large dowel rods at each corner. He set it up between her legs.
"This  will catch any 'accident' you have while I go an get my new toy.  In
the mean time I want you to enjoy the new feelings in your cunt and  tits.  The
pain  will  go away,  but I want you to relate it to the pleasure that you will
feel later."
He left the room,  and a second later the lights went out.  There was still
enough  light to see dimly.  As she looked around,  trying to find something to
take her mind from the burning she felt.  Off in one corner were  a  number  of
coat hooks, with bras and panties on them.  Over each was what she thought were
photographs,  but she wasn't sure,  since she couldn't see that well.  Next  to
them  was  a stock,  like the one she had seen in old pictures of the pilgrims.
There  were  many things she did not recognize,  and didn't care to think about
their use. The minutes seemed like hours. Soon, in spite of the lingering pain,
she felt sleepy. She began nodding off.  All of a sudden she felt as if she had
to  relive herself.  Dare she just go,  or would he be mad and add to her pain.
Then she realized that the pain had passed.  Had he come  down  while  she  was
asleep and removed the needles.  As she looked down at herself,  she discovered
that they were still there.  She was amazed that she felt no  pain  from  them.
Then lights came on, and Jeff reappeared.  He was carrying a metal box that had
electrical  cords  coming from it.  Without a word he set it down on the floor,
and removed the rubber sheet. Jeff just looked at her for a long moment.
"Well my dear, I see that you didn't soil yourself,  you will shortly.  I'm
going  to  attached  these  wires  to you.  One for each tit,  and one for your
asshole,  and the last for your pussy.  Then I'm going to plug it  in.  When  I
start  the  machine  it  will randomly send a shock to your body through one of
those wires.  The shock will become stronger as time passes. All you have to do
to stop it is to tell me that you want to become my slave,  and beg me  to  use
your body for my pleasure. You will have to sign a contract with me."
"Like hell I will. I'll never be your slave, never."
"OK,  have  it your way.  I enjoy watching a female body jerk as the shocks
hit.  The tits bounce, and your juice starts to flow in your cunt. Soon all you
will be able to think about is being released from the pain,  and getting  your
cunt fucked."
Quickly  he  attached the wires to her nipples.  The wires for ass and cunt
were attached to what looked like metal dildo, and put in place.
"One last chance,  you dumb bitch.  Quickly!!!!"
"Fuck you,  you  son-of-a-bitch."
He  smiled  as  he  flipped  the switch,  and sat in a overstuffed chair to
watch.  Nothing happened.  Diane had tensed herself for the pain,  but  nothing
came. She relaxed. Z A P.... The shock hit her cunt, her body jumped as best it
could being suspended as she was.  Z A P....  A second shock hit her right tit.
AH H H H H H Oh hhhhhh.....A third hit,  then a forth,  and  fifth.  They  were
getting stronger. Damn the pain. God, she thought. Enough. Enough.... Yes ...
"STOP.  STOP.  PLEASE STOP....  YES I'll...  AH H H H H H Oh hhhhhh..... be
your slave. Oh God please... stop... AH H H H H H Oh hhhhhh..... "
Jeff took his time getting up from his chair, and turning off the device.
"You see my dear, I told you that you would beg me."
Diane just hung there. Jeff removed the wires and needles.  Taking her down
from the 'x', he lay her limp body on floor.
"When  you  have the strength,  go to the bathroom.  It's over there behind
that curtain. Then take a shower, and put the lotion on the shelf all over your
body."
He turned around and started to put away the toys.  Diane slowly got up and
went as she had been directed. When she had finished, she returned as directed.
"Kneel bitch.  Kneel before your MASTER.  Beg me for the contract,  so that
you may enter my service as the slave you are."
"Yes Master, yes. Please let me sign it.  You can have me any way you want.
I'll do anything you say, everything you say..."
"Will you suck pussy, if I order it?"
Diane did not answer quickly. Jeff reached out and slapped her face.
"Answer me bitch. Now."
"Yes. Yes. Anything you desire, anything."
"Then sign this with your thumbprint in blood."
He handed her the contract,  and a pin to prick her finger.  She took them,
and then drew blood with  the  pin,  and  put  the  bloody  thumbprint  on  the
contract.
"Your  first  task  is to go out and find a young girl between fourteen and
seventeen.  She must have nice tits and a nice shape.  You will bring her  back
here,  get  her to strip and to strip you.  Then you are to give her face.  You
won't see me, but I'll be watching.  If you can get her to go down on you, I'll
come in and fuck her, when your done. Now go."
Diane  had  been  gone for a couple of hours.  Then Jeff heard a car in the
driveway.  Looking out window he saw a young lady with  Diane.  She  was  about
four foot,  eight, long blonde hair, blue eyes, and a very nice body.  They got
out of the car,  and started up the walk to the house.  Jeff entered his hiding
place  that  allowed him to see the living room and the bedroom without moving.
The females entered the livingroom...
"Nancy,  you have a very nice shape.  Would you mind if I looked at  it?  I
mean would you take your clothes off, and let me see you?"
"Are we alone? I don't mind at all, but I don't want anyone else to see me.
They may think something dirty, and I know that it really isn't."
"No  there  is  noone  except you and I here.  Would you want me to take my
clothes off too. Anyway it is hot, and it would be more comfortable."
"Yea.  Yes,  you take your clothes off too.  I would feel better about this
then."
"Nancy, why don't you take my clothes off, then I'll take yours off. OK?"
"Sure. OK. Go ahead and take my clothes off first."
Diane  started  to  unbutton  Nancy's  blouse.  Quickly  they  came undone.
Opening it, revealed a skimpy bra holding a nice set of young tits.  The blouse
fell to the floor,  as Diane reach around Nancy to undo  her  bra.  Being  this
close,  Diane lightly kissed Nancy,  then dropped the bra on top of the blouse.
Nancys tits were indeed fine.  The nipple were standing up.  This had to  be  a
sign of excitement, as there was no cold air.  Diane opened Nancy's shorts, and
dropped them,  pushing her panties down too.  Nancy's cunt was  barely  covered
with  hair.  The  lips  were  tinted with a light pink.  Dianes fingers touched
Nancys cunt lips lightly, and Nancy shivered.
"OK, your turn. Wow, your body is beautiful."
Nancy  was  faster  than  Diane,  in  removing clothes.  And after dropping
Diane's panties, she stood,  and her lips touched Dianes nipples.  Just ever so
quickly  she  licked  those nipples.  Diane embraced Nancy,  and planted a full
french kiss on her.  Nancy responded,  with an unexpected abandon.  Before long
they lay on the couch,  each had fingers in the pussy of the other.  There tits
rubbed together.  Slowly Nancy, began to kiss her way down Diane's body,  until
her  tongue parted her pussy lips,  and began to lick her deeply.  Moaning from
both the girls filled the room as Diane moved Nancy's cunt to her own lips  and
began  to probe deeply on her own.  Jeff had taken his cock out and had started
to stroke himself.
"This was no good." He thought.
He  dropped  his clothes off,  and went into the livingroom.  The girls did
not see him as he came up behind them.  With one hand he moved Diane's head out
of  the way,  as the other guided his cock into Nancy's pussy.  Nancy let out a
deep  heavy  moan,  and  continued  to  burrow  into  Diane.  Jeff's body moved
gracefully in and out of Nancy, and Diane's only option was to lick Jeff's dick
as  it  traveled in and out.  She had the thrill of tasting both Jeff and Nancy
at the same time.  Within moments Diane stiffened.  She  grabbed  Jeff's  body,
and sucked hard on his balls, as her cunt let go with her juices.  Nancy lapped
them  up  as  if  she  was dying of thirst.  Jeff began to bang harder into her
pussy. Nancy had realized she was being fucked, but the feeling was so good she
didn't want it to stop.  She didn't even know what the guy looked like, but his
cock felt good.  It was hot,  very hot, and hard.  Her mom had told her that it
would hurt,  and she shouldn't ever do it,  unless her husband insisted on  it.
She  wanted more.  What was this feeling starting now.  It felt like she itched
liked crazy,  and she was going to explode.  Then there was something very  hot
coming into her cunt.  Hotter than the man's  dick.  He  was  moaning  now.  OH
GOD....  she felt the itching stop, and a wonderful feeling of relaxation.  The
man was now taking his cock out of her. Then...
"Here, girl. Lick this off."
He held his cock to her mouth.  The head of it touched  her  lips.  What  a
taste.  OH that's good.  She sucked his dick into her  mouth,  and  her  tounge
began  to  lick.  The  action  delayed the shrinking,  but did not stop it.  He
pulled it from her mouth.
"Well Nancy, you are going to be a very good lay. How old are you?"
"I'm just shy of seventeen.  I thought we were alone,  where did  you  come
from?  Who are you?"
"I'm  the  master here,  and Diane is a slave of mine.  You were a test for
her, and she did well. Very well indeed. Later you will help me administer some
justice to her, at the wall but for now I want you two to take a shower and get
cleaned up. Leave me some hot water."
They went off,  hand in hand,  to get cleaned up.  Jeff  brought  out  'the
wall'.  It was two feet thick, two inches thick, and eighteen inches high.  Its
use would soon be all too apparent, at least to Diane.
The girls came out of the shower with towels wrapped themselves.
"Well,  you two look good.  How about something to eat,  before we continue
with the games. Nancy, I think that you are going to help me get a point across
to Diane. But for now eat, and just think of the good things to come."
They  ate,  then back into the living room.  Jeff sat on the sofa,  and had
Nancy sit on his lap.
"Diane, I want you to kneel on the floor, with your knees next to the wall,
and drape your body over it.  Your hips should be just about even with the  top
of it.  Then lay your head and shoulders on the pillow on the floor.  Diane did
as she was told.
"OK,  Nancy,  I want you to sit on Diane's back, facing her ass.  Then hold
the cheeks of her ass apart.  And as far apart as  you  can."
Nancy straddled  Dianes  back,  and  parted  the  cheeks.  Jeff  positioned
himself  behind  Diane,  his cock at full staff.  He pointed it directly at her
asshole, barely touching it with the engorged head of it.  Just at that moment,
it dawned on Diane that he intended to fuck her ass.  She tried  to  move,  but
with Nancy on her back,  and Jeff at her backside,  she couldn't move.  She had
never been fucked in her ass,  but friends of hers had told her  of  the  pain,
after  they  had.  Not  one of them had really enjoyed it,  now it was going to
happen to her.  Taking firm hold of Diane's hips, Jeff pulled himself into her,
The  tightness of her ass felt good to him,  but the same thing caused Diane to
scream,  as his cock drilled into her.  Nancy was fascinated by  what  she  was
seeing.  Up to now,  her only sexual experience was masturbation,  and the time
Jimmy had tried to fuck her.  Jimmy had gotten his dick into  her,  but  really
didn't know what to do then, and so had pulled out, and she had sucked him off.
Jeff  started  to move in and out of this fine ass,  soon he was moving freely.
Letting go of Diane's hips,  he took hold of Nancy's shoulders and  pulled  her
toward him.  He kissed her on her lips,  as he embraced her, stroking Diane all
the  time.  Jeff  reached down,  and took a nipple of Nancy's between his thumb
and forefinger,  and gently rolled  it.  Then  he  pulled  on  it  roughly.  He
continued to fuck Diane, and kissing Nancy.  In and out, in and out, again, and
again, the pressure, yes it was building......
"Nancy, spank her ass as hard as you can. I'm coming, I'm.... coming......"
Nancy struck hard  on  Diane's  ass,  once,  twice,  a  third  time.  Nancy
spanked, and Jeff fucked, poor Diane.  Too much.  Too much. Ah hhhhhh Oh ohhhh.
He dumped his load into her.  He was spent.  Nancy continued to spank,  but  he
was  done.  He stopped the spankings,  and withdrew his now limp cock from its'
tight prison...  It was time to rest, at least for a little while.

--
