May 11


Dear Diary,

To make a long story short, yesterday I went to a luau and lost my
top, and that led to another interesting night of babysitting. Well,
I guess that doesn't make sense as a short story, but the longer
version should be pretty good.

The Nu Delta Phi fraternity had a big luau out at a park yesterday,
and they invited us (my sorority) as THE sorority that got to go. It
was pretty cool; they had a barbecue, softball games, booze, and a
big, long sheet of plastic to use as a waterslide. Oh, boy, the
waterslide sure got me into some trouble.

Now I have to admit that I wore a bikini yesterday because I wanted
to show off my breasts. When you look like me (I'm fairly thin and I
wear a D-cup bra, after all), and you get a chance to parade around
in front of a bunch of cute guys, you do it. I don't really think
that's so wrong. If you've got it, flaunt it, right? So I was hoping,
I'll admit, that I would get stared at a little. (In fact, the bikini
top I wore is closer to size C than D, which makes it pretty
revealing.)

So why am I bothering to make this confession? Because I was a victim
of my own vanity. I didn't know about the slip-and-slide waterslide,
or I wouldn't have worn a bikini. Then again, I shouldn't have tried
to go on it at all.

But there I was, with a couple glasses of punch in me, and I was just
buzzed enough so I didn't think about it. I just got in line, and
when my turn came, I ran, jumped, and slid. What fun.

When I got up at the end of the slide, I didn't realize anything was
amiss. I started walking somewhere before I noticed all these people
staring and pointing and stuff. I still didn't get it -- it took me a
second to look down and see I didn't have a top on anymore.

Well, no one came to my rescue! You can't do a lot to help yourself
when your arms are busy covering your chest. I was thinking, "Well, I
came to show off, but not this much!" Then this guy Craig whom I'd
met a couple times finally came over with his jersey. By this time, I
was so grateful, I made sure he "accidently" got a look at my boobs
while I put his jersey on.

We started talking (after some of my friends came over to say stuff
like "Omygod, Kelly"), and eventually, Craig and I took a walk. It's
a big park, and we didn't have too much trouble getting out of sight
of the crowd. That's good, since this guy was cute, and I wanted to
kiss him. It must have been mutual, because we leaned up against a
tree and started making out. I felt good and turned on, but I wasn't
about to do anything with this guy in the middle of a park. He
started to rub my boobs while we kissed, and I let him for a little
while before I stopped him. I said "It feels good, but I don't want
to get caught." He understood.

That led to him asking me how he might get his jersey back (I never
found my bikini top!). He implied we might get together and do
something that night, too. I had to tell him I was babysitting. But,
I said, if he wanted to, he could come over and hang out with me. "It
not be as exciting as going out and partying," I told him, "so I'll
understand if you don't want to."

"Don't be ridiculous," he said. "I'm sure it'll be fun." He was a
little relieved to hear I was sitting an infant, not some nosy
toddler. Marie, the sorority alum I was sitting for, wouldn't care if
I had a guy over, but you wouldn't want to be making out in front of
a four-year-old.

Later, when I got to Marie's house to babysit, I even mentioned what
had happened and how this guy was coming over. (She wondered why I
was wearing a bikini bottom and a jersey, even though I'd been home
to change.) Marie thought the little story was cute. She was even
concerned that my boobs were okay after jumping on a slide like that.
"Larger breasts are sensitive to blows like that," she said like a
worried mother. "You should be careful about jumps like that,
especially since you're active with your breasts." Marie was trying
to sound adult. But she's actually pretty cool.


Marie and Don left for the show, and at about 8 o'clock, Craig showed
up. After thinking about it, I had decided to tell him that the baby
was fussing, and that I'd have to hold her for a while. We sat and
watched TV, and I waited. (We didn't try to kiss with the baby there
in my arms; I think it turned him off.)

After a while, it happened like I knew it would: the baby got hungry
and started whining. "Sounds like a 'hungry' cry to me," I told
Craig.

"Should I go get the bottle, or something?" he offered.

"Not necessary," I said. I laid the baby on my lap.

I can't imagine what was going on Craig's mind during the next few
moments. First I pulled the jersey up to my neck. Then I undid a hook
on my left bra cup, and it came open. I paused for a second to watch
my nipple wrinkle and then swell to the thickness of a pinky-finger
in the cool air. Then I brought the baby up to me. I pinched my
breast a bit and tickled her mouth with the nipple until she opened
up and started sucking. Her lips felt wet and tingly on my breast. I
let my breast go as I watched her mouth suck in almost all of my
areola.

Finally, I looked back up at Craig. I smiled. I'd only done this in
front of one other guy before, so I had no idea what he would do.

He seemed awkwardly thoughtful. "So, um, I take it you're, uh,
practicing for the future?"

"No," I said smiled matter-of-factly. "I'm feeding her."

"You're breastfeeding her?!"

"Yup." I grinned slightly.

"You haven't had a baby or anything . . ."

I said no, and told him that any girl can make milk in her breasts
once she starts puberty. You have to try hard, and it takes a while
to get a lot of milk, but you can do it, I said. Craig was amazed to
hear I'd been doing this since I was 15, and I had to explain to him
about Mom having twins and not having enough milk for both of them,
and how she started me nursing them too. I told him about Mom
babysitting toddlers and how I'd help nurse them as well. "I just
pull off my top and take one kid at each boob, and between me and
Mom, we've got the whole batch taken care of." I smiled.

By this time, the baby was asleep. So I got up and put her in the
nursery. I was feeling brave, having just nursed in front of Craig,
so while I was still in the nursery, I took off the jersey, and took
off my nursing bra too. I walked back into the room bare-chested and
quietly said, "Here's your jersey back, Craig."

"Oh," he grinned. "I was wondering how I was going to get that back,
since you were wearing it and all."

"Well," I said, walking over and dropping the jersey next to him,
"are you feeling hungry?" Nervously, I stuck my chest out a little.

Craig was nervous, too. But definitely interested. "Oh," he
whispered. "Yeah, I guess I am."


Without another word, I settled next to him and guided his mouth to
my right breast. With a little coaching, he learned to suck the right
way, and I felt my milk flowing into his mouth. I was so aroused that
I almost came right there. His tongue did a numbingly pleasurable
dance on my areola as he sucked.

After a few minutes of this, I pulled Craig's chin up with a finger.
"Hey," I whispered, "I have something else you might like to taste."
I slid my hands down to my bikini bottom and pulled it down and off.
I spread my legs for him.

Craig opened my labia and ran the length of my pussy with his tongue,
sending shivers through me, before settling down on my clit. I could
feel him tease and prod it, but soon the sensation became the blur it
always does before I start coming. My first orgasm came with little
warning: it felt like it was going to be this little burst, and then
it swept through me with sudden power. Craig picked that moment to
suck on my clit for a bit, and so my first orgasm was followed almost
immediately by a second one.

By the time I came for the third and fourth time, I could feel myself
start to moan, maybe even loudly (Craig says it was). "Oh, pull your
pants off," I whined as I sat up. His pants were off in a jiffy, and
I practically threw him on the floor. I jumped on top of him, grabbed
his dick, and guided it into my vagina. His was pretty big -- bigger
than average -- so I was sort of surprised when I found I was able to
take the whole salami. 

Good thing: almost involuntarily, my hips began pounding hard onto
his. I fucked him harder than I've ever fucked anybody, I was so
turned on. Pretty soon, my body was producing orgasms again -- two or
three more happened before I knew. They were getting longer and
longer, and I knew a "deep" orgasm might be on its way.

So I rolled onto my back and let him take over. Craig seemed anxious
to show off, and thrust into me faster than ever. Geez, he's
long-winded; he never seemed to come close to pre-mature orgasm.

I was a different story: I was coming practically out of reflex by
this point. I didn't seem to have any control. That's what always
happens before I have deep orgasms, and I had one about then.

They always start differently, sort of a low "rumble" from between my
legs. I got nervous, as if I was about to take off in a roller
coaster. (I once passed out during a deep orgasm.) Just as this one
was starting to grow, Craig saw fit to lean down and suck my breast.
As I felt milk passing from me into Craig's mouth, the orgasm caught
fire. I lost all sense of time and space, so intense was the
pleasure.

Craig says I was screaming. And, he says, my eyes were shut and my
mouth was open for two, maybe three minutes. It's amazing I didn't
pass out from delirium.

After I came down, Craig slowed down his thrusting a little. He was
fondling my hair, and saying "You're beautiful" (blush) and "You feel
wonderful inside" (little does he know). We kissed a little. I was
almost exhausted. And I wanted him to come.

So I pulled the trick I always do to make a guy come: I started
moaning and whining and saying stuff to him.

"Ooofuckmypussy . . ." I repeated anxiously to the rhythm of his
thrusting.

Then I sped up slightly, hoping he'd keep up. He did.

Soon, he was pounding away, and I got into freeform chatter.

"Gawd, I love your dick," I told him. "Oh, I love you inside me."
(Pause for an orgasm.) "Oh, I've never come so hard. I love your dick
in my cunt."

It was all intentional, but it was genuine. My hands were caressing
my boobs, stroking the nipples lightly as traces of milk leaked out.

About 20 seconds into an orgasm I was having, Craig announced he was
going to come. Soon, I felt the wetness of his sperm inside me, and
our orgasms ended together.


As we lay there, he told me he'd never been with a girl like me (I'll
bet). And he asked me out -- still a little shy. (!) 

And after all that, he forgot his jersey again. I slept in it. And if
he wants it, he's just going to have to come over and get it.

