DILDO-MANIAC

  My friends know me very well; even my newest friends can tell at
once when i open the dresser in the playroom... a whole drawer full
of dildos.  You could say i collect them... at least, i dont remember
ever having thrown one out!  i still have my first didlo, a pathetic
little trainer, but i remember just how uncomfortable that one was,
once upon a time.  Through the years i have gotten a good collection,
tho nothing terribly fancy.
  As the holidays came around, several friends were asking what i
could use... none to vague hint about a present.  Now, i'm the kind
of guy who needs very little, and what i do need, i get.  Like with
dildos, unless i was graduating to another size or one with some
special action, i saw no need to purchase a new one.  i am not really
compulsive about it.  But one of my friends told me there was a new
dildo on the market and maybe i would like it, so i went down to the
local sex-shoppe and looked around... finally finding it behind the
counter because it was $50, not just the $10 toy i was used to.
i examined it... full but flexible, beautifully toned, every vein
showing... it was very handsome... but at that price...well, i am
a cheapskate!   My friend asked me later if i had bought one, and
i told him it was too expensive, but that it was a very nice dildo.
  The season rolled on, work got hectic, even food shopping became a
nightmare... i retreated into my room, waiting for the mad world to
climax all at once.  After the holiday, i would venture out into the
world again.  During this cloistered period, i met a few times with
various friends, mostly for impromptu parties at someone's house...
one in particular was advertized as a "bring a gift for your friends"
party.  Ugh, i got on the phone and ordered titclips and leather
wrist cuffs, collars, sexy underwear, condom carriers... and soon
had delivered to my door all my needed gifts... which i wrapped and
trotted off to this party.
  This was a select group, only eight of us, and we knew each other
wery well; it was no surprise to find piles of presents under the
tree... each of us has seven, in fact.  (Once you were part of this
group, you never were left out!)  When the host started to pass out
the presents, i got one the size of a shoebox!  Everyone wanted to
find out what it was, so i opened it, and it was that beautiful
dildo!  Knowing the price of it, i was shocked, but he was a sweet
guy... and i knew he'd find a way of being repaid(!)  Everyone looked
at the magnificent thing... they were as impressed as i was.  Well,
to move along... that was only the first of three shoeboxes!  By the
end of the evening, i was the proud owner of three marvelous cocks
that looked as real as anything!
  Everyone knowing my fascination with dildos was pleased with the
first one, and as bewildered as i with the next.  The guy who gave
me the third one (regrettably a little smaller than the others),
rather than being miffed, challenged me to find a good home for
all three... in fact, i had to report back to the next meeting of
this group just how i used all three.  Then they added..at ONCE!
  So, i have been sitting here, surrounded by my three rubber love
rods... thinking, longingly, and imagining having the three real
things right here!  But it occurred to me that the gifts might
be better than the real things... well, i could try to make them
more interesting.  Each of these beauts has a suction-cup on the
end, so i tried, and sure enough, it stuck to the wall!  The weight
of the one caused it to arch downward most realistically.  i stood
there, reaching behind me and feeling that thing... oh wow.  But
for me, looking down at a cock other than mine was unthinkable,
so i quickly got to my knees and looked that monster straight on...
  It is gorgeous... so real... i reached out my tongue and gently
licked at the tip... and it started to bounce!  i reached out again,
and teased it again... making it dance in front of me (just like some
real ones!)  Then i started to chase it, my mouth following the
bouncing cock... touching it briefly, then letting it bounce some
more.  i leaned forward and took the entire head into my mouth,
and sucked lovingly... and wanted it... wanted it up my ass.
  Then i knew... i owned another one... so i carefully covered it
with a lubricated condom and stuck it to the floor right under the
bouncer and about two feet from the wall.  i watched that one cock
keep bouncing, the other one poking up invitingly, as i quickly
stripped down and lubed my hole.  Then i began to position myself
over the poker... feeling its moist tip in my crack... moving
around to get it lined up, holding it as i settled down, and
simultaneously taking the tip of the bouncer in my mouth and
sucking on it as i allowed my asshole to kiss and engulf the
head of the poker.
  i began to play a game, a match between my mouth and my asshole...
as one took a cock-head, so did the other... when one pulled back,
so did the other.  Suddenly i was lost in the ecstacy of it all,
concentrating on the two cocks in my life... the bouncer and the
poker.  As i settled farther onto the poker, i leaned into the
bouncer and swallowed more of its massive shaft.  i grabbed my
own cock, now hard itself, and closed my eyes in the reverie of
cock worship.  Cocks everywhere; me sucking, fucking, and jerking
all at once!  i wish someone could see this!  if i report back
to the guys, they might ask to see it!  well, i would show them;
i mean, they gave me these toys!
  i realized i had one hand free... so i reached over to the third
present, grasped it by the shaft and felt its solid manhood in my
grip... i stopped long enough to stick it to the wall next to the
bouncer, so that while working the three cocks, my free hand could
grab this massive shaft and work on jerking it... i worked myself
in every way... the cock in my ass making my real cock drip...
the cock in my mouth filling me with someone's meat... my hand
working on the third cock, for lack of another hole.  i began to
feel sooo goood... i closed my eyes as my body reacted to the
stimulation... i imagined not rubber dildos, but the real cocks of
my three buddies... all of them really in my cock-crazed scene!
  i shot off, savoring the feel of my three buddy cocks... wanting
them there... loving these three beautiful cocks.  When i calmed
down, i looked at the three of them mounted there.. waiting for
a dildo-madman to work them again.  later, maybe... later,
definitely!  But for now, i cared for them, cleaned them and
decided not to put them out of sight, but to hang them on the wall
of my room... one becoming a handle to my closet door!
  i told my buddies at our next get together just how i used the
three presents at once... and how i posted them about the room
ready for a quick grab, a quick sucking exercise... or the
inevitable fuck.  They thought my story was just that, a good
story... so the next meeting was scheduled at my place for an
in-person demo... but i made it clear that once i demonstrated
the possibility, i wasnt going to settle for dildos when i had
the real things right there!  There was a smile of three faces
when i said that... and i knew we were on!
