Archive-name: 3plus/dildo01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Dildo


        What an exciting Saturday night it was!  My buddy, Don, a widower,
whose late wife had done a lot of swinging with him before she died, had
finally decided to resume "the fun life" with an orgy. He invited Bill and
Joyce, an older swinging couple, nearing sixty; Bill's mother, nearly eighty,
was still swinging whenver she got the chance away from her current 84 year
old boy friend, who was too conservative to understand her needs.  Momma
wasn't coming to this party though.  Karen and Rich, a couple in their
mid-thirties came. Mark and Sarah, a former Presbyterian minister and his
former secretary, now married to one another, also came with intentions of
getting some of the fucking they missed while leading exemplary lives "in the
church", also arrived with intentions of "cumming" later.  They were each about
40, but trim and attractive like the rest of the crowd.  I was delighted that 
he asked me to come over, even without a date...my sleeping partner, Betty,
just wouldn't swing...though she was sexy as hell in her own bed...with just
me.  She wouldn't even fantasize about our fucking and sucking with anyone
else.  Little did Betty know, but when I was eating her juicy, delicious cunt
or licking her sexy asshole, or sucking her lucious big boobs, I was imagining
my swinging friends in bed with us...doing all that and more to her.  But 
that's a story for another night!  I was about to tell you about "the night of
the dildoes".  It was Lynn who put the "girls" up to bringing their own
vibrators and dildoes.  She was about 33, but 42-36-40, and the wildest woman
I've ever met.  Eddy, her husband, loved watching Lynn do any and everyone.
He also loved to show his erect dick and masturbate while he watched Lynn
sucking cock, eating pussy, which she did with enormous voraciousness, fuck
a big dick, or suck a cock with incomparable passion. Lynn and Eddy ususally
finished an orgy by fucking and sixty-nining as an encore for the departing
guests to watch.  No matter how much cum they had in them or on them, they
sucked, licked, and ate until each was clean again.  A GREAT SHOW!

        I arrived at Don's as invited at 8 PM, and discovered that everyone
else had already arrived for a few drinks.  I passed the alcohol.  I was ready
to eat some sexy pussy and to show off my passionate sexuality.  When I
arrived the party began.  Joyce wanted me again; it had been four weeks since
we met and screwed our brains out on Don's bed the afternoon we met, while Bill
watched...until he decided Lynn's cunt was waiting for some attention.  Since
Mark and Sarah were both interested in my circumcised "Jewish" cock, she
suggested that the two of us get started with some loving, while Mark watched.
How could I refuse a woman with such beautiful tits and a brand new pussy to
enjoy for the first time.  I licked Sarah from her mouth downward, spending
lots of time at her erect-nippled breasts, her navel, and then her inviting,
open cunt lips.  She pulled me up to her mouth and slid my cock quickly into
her tight cunt after only five minutes of cunt-lapping.  She bucked and pumped
so hard, and I was so ready, that I shot a jet of cum into her pussy in
another five minutes.  That's when hubby, Mark took over, sliding his hard
pecker into my jism and fucking her like crazy.  In about three minutes, the
"pastor" anointed her too.  And that's when Eddy dove into her cunt with his
tongue, eager to clean her up for someone else to fuck or eat.  It was Lynn
soon afterward who began to lick Sarah's delicious cunt, which by now was so
sensitive that she had one orgasm after another for about fifteen minutes.  I
got so hot that I decided to make it a threesome, putting my face in Lynn's
pussy and letting Sarah suck my now aroused dick.  She sucked on my Jewish
penis like she never ate a hotdog before!  I went nearly crazy feeling Lynn
climax again and again as my tongue played inside her vagina and I teased her
two inch long clit.  Oh....I'm nearly cumming again as I recall it.

        Meanwhile, everyone else was fucking someone other than the mate they
arrived with.  Richard had taken Joyce on his face and I've forgotten who sat
on his big, hard cock.  They pumped him dry and washed his face well, taking
turns at each station.  Eddy kept putting his dick in one mouth or the other,
teasing them, but holding back from cumming into their eager throats.  After
an hour of this fun, when the men were relaxing...our loads about dry; Lynn
announced that she and the girls were ready to put on their show...to their
husbands' surprise.  They each went to their pocketbooks and brought out an
assortment of about ten dildoes...some electric...some huge...all
dangerous-looking.  My asshole tightened up with fear just looking at them!
Lynn had each woman turn on an electric (battery-powered) one; and she kept
one that looked like a huge microphone...almost a "macro"phone!  It buzzed loud
enough for everyone to hear.  She put it to the vaginal lips and began to
vibrate and cum...herself.  Other women, like she-devils, fucked their cunts
and then other women's juicy pussies with their dildoes and vibrators.
There was lot's of moaning and shouting with delight as they climaxed and
made one another cum.  It's hard to describe what a wild scene it was.  Eddy
and I were so excited by it all, we stood at the foot of the bed on which the
women had congregated and masturbated.  I envied the size of his erect cock,
but I was busy pumping the jism up in my own.  As I had it up, Sarah decided
that she could use her vibrator by holding it snugly in her climaxing cunt
tightly and take my balls in her hands with my rod in her mouth.  Her lips
went up and down my shaft until I somehow shot one more wad into her eager
mouth.  She turned around, laid back, spread her firm legs, and asked me to
fuck her some more. I did, finding that my dick stayed erect for about another
twenty minutes of holding my body close to her big knockers and pumping my
cock in and out of her vibrating pussy until we both reach orgasm together.
As we did, I noticed that Lynn was lying back on the other side of the bed
with her feet on the floor, letting each participant in the party kiss her
sopping cunt "good night".  When I climbed off Sarah, I made my pilgrimage to
Lynn's wide open, sexy slit and Frenched her goodbye.  What a night to
remember!

--
