
                    RELAXING EVENING AT HOME


     David had invited Cindy over to his home for dinner.  He

served her spaghetti with his mother's secret meat sauce, tossed

salad, garlic bread and for dessert a chocolate souffle. The meal

went perfectly.

     After dinner David cleared the table while Cindy turned on

some soft music.  David had hoped Cindy would help with the

dishes; but she didn't.  Not wishing to neglect her, he left the

dishes in the sink and returned to his guest.

     The two sat down on the couch, relaxed, took their shoes off

and talked awhile.  They discussed several subjects such as

material they had learned in their college classes, gossip, and

politics.  Eventually David moved closer to Cindy and put his arm

around her.  She then kissed him with her tongue on the mouth.

     David then began massaging her nipples thru her blouse and

very soon after had removed her blouse and bra.  In the mean time

Cindy had also been undressing David.  She had taken off his

shirt and begun unbuckling his pants.

     Then an unusual thought hit David.  "Cindy should have

offered to help with the dishes.  She should be taught a lesson."

     David suddenly interrupted fore play and told Cindy to stand

up which she did without really suspecting anything.  He said to

her, "You really should have offered to help with the dishes.  I

worked very hard to make a nice meal for you and you do not even

have the courtesy to help with the clean-up."

     She replied, "I'm sorry David.  I am thoughtless sometimes.

You know I loved your dinner and I really love you."  She was

feeling a bit silly, standing there with her breasts exposed,

being told off by the usually mild mannered man she had fallen in

love with.

     "I happen to love you too.  I think you need to be taught a

lesson.  Perhaps the best way to show you my love is teach you

that lesson.  You behaved tonight like a thoughtless little girl.

Do you know what happens to thoughtless little girls?"

     "They get a good spanking."  She had no idea what possessed

her to say it.  Some how she thought David was merely playing a

game.

     "Exactly," said David, "now bend over my knee."

     Cindy put on a pouting face and said, "please don't spank

me.  I'll be good."  Apparently she still thought he was only

joking.

     "Bend over my knee now," said David sternly.

     Cindy laid herself across David's lap as she said to him,

"not to hard please, Darling."

     David then reached under the twenty year old blonde's skirt

and grabbed her panties; which he slowly and carefully pulled

down along with her hosiery.  He then eased the removed

protective clothing off of her feet.  He then began folding her

skirt up as he lectured her on her thoughtlessness.

     He continued the lecture for a few minutes as he gazed at

the exposed spankable bottom.  Finally, after what must have been

an eternity for Cindy, he lifted his hand and brought it down

hard upon her left cheek.  She screamed from the second of

contact.  She then realized that he was not joking.

     Before she could catch her breath, another slap came down

upon her right cheek.  David had to then tighten his grip as she

struggled to be free.

     David said, "If you continue to struggle I'll be forced to

use my belt," as he gave the teary eyed woman a third slap; this

time upon the joint of her left thigh and buttock.

     The lesson continued for another three minutes in which time

Cindy received around thirty spanks.  Her bottom was left a deep

crimson color.  Also to her surprise, her pussy was very wet.

     She also noticed a bulge in David's half open pants.  She

decided she could be angry over the spanking later.  For now she

needed to have David inside her.

     She finished undressing her love while David untied her

skirt and let it drop to the floor.  He then picked her up and

carried her in his arms to the bedroom.  The two got into his

queen size bed with Cindy in the superior position.  Any other

position would have been too painful considering the lesson she

had just been given.

     They both reached climax almost simultaneously.  It was the

best orgasm either had ever experienced up till that time.

     They continued to lie together in bed for some time.  David

was on his back and Cindy was lying on her side with David's arm

around her in a tight embrace.

     Finally Cindy gave David a big kiss on the cheek and said,

"thank you for showing me your love."



                            THE END!
                               
