Archive-name: 3plus/dinner.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Dinner 

  
     Monday night started out rather boring for me, so I flipped 
on the TV and watched some show on CBS. A half-hour later the  
phone rang, I answered it and found out that Julie was also 
having a boring night, and so we agreed for me to stop by.  I 
changed my clothes and went to Julie's.  I rang the doorbell and 
a very pretty maid answered the door.  I asked for Julie, and she 
told me to come in and have a seat.  Moments later Julie walked 
down the stairs, wearing a loose tank top, and a skirt.  She said 
we could have dinner now, and we proceeded to the dining room. 
The maid was pouring me some soup when she accidently spilled 
some on me.  
     Julie screamed at the maid, and got some paper towels and 
bent down to clean off the soup.  As she was bending down I looked 
down her shirt and saw the greatest pair of tits ever.  When she 
got up she asked me if I liked what I saw.  I was caught in the 
act, so I had to admit yes. 
     She said, "Well we can forget dinner, follow me."  
     I was shocked, suprised, and confused at the same time, so I  
followed her firm round ass, up the stairs and in to this great  
room.  The room had a waterbed with red satin sheets, a large size  
color tv with a porno movie playing, and all other kinds of fun  
things.  She grabbed me and partly ripped, and partly took off my  
shirt.  She then sat me down and took of my shoes, and socks, and  
pulled down my pants and shorts over my feet.  Without a word, 
she put her mouth on my big, hard cock.  She licked my cock so 
good.  She started from the balls, and slowly worked her way up to 
my head.  I was in heaven and she was my angel, and both of us 
were enjoying it so much.  She got to my head and sucked, but this 
time using a little more teeth.  I quickly came in her mouth, and 
she sucked it all up, saying it was great. 
     So now my cock was very limp, and I wasn't sure what to do, 
but she did.  Julie started to stroke my cock with her fingernails 
until it got hard.  I got  Julie on the bed, and took of her 
clothes, I squeezed her tits, and with the first little pinch, I 
noticed she was super sensitive.  This gave me some great ideas. 
I put my knee against her pussy, and then pinched her nipple, she 
jumped and her pussy pushed against my knee.  I pinched harder and 
harder and her pussy lips were now opening as it my knee went into 
it.  My knee was getting wet from her pussy, and then all of a 
sudden, I pinched both her nipples hard, she screamed so loud, 
and my whole knee was practically covered by her pussy. She was 
about to come, she was now pinching her own nipples, and then my 
knee was covered with cum.  Just as she finished cumming, the 
door opened.                
     The maid ran in, when she saw what was going on she froze. 
I had a worried look on my face but Julie had a smile.  I didn't  
want this to ever end, so I yelled "Get out, bitch." 
     But she didn't move, she was scared stiff.  Julie, stroking 
my cock, said "Maybe she wants this," and with that, she squeezed 
my dick. 
     Julie went over and took the maid's hand and forced her on  
the floor, then ordered her to make me cum, and to drink every  
last drop.  The maid sucked and sucked like she was giving  
blowjobs for years.  I came pretty fast, and the maid swallowed  
every drop like she was supposed to.  Julie complimented her on 
how fast she'd made me cum. 
     I whispered to the maid to get a unopened bottle of wine, 
and to bring it up.  The maid left, and Julie started asking 
questions.  I told her to lie down and wait.  The maid came back 
quickly and handed me the bottle.  I shook it a bit, opened it and 
quickly put my thumb over the top.  I put the top of the bottle 
in Julie's pussy and let my thumb go.  A stream of wine was 
rushing down her pussy, her pussy was instantly filled with wine. 
     I asked the maid, "Care to join me?", and with that, we dove 
our mouths in to Julie's pussy.  I found her clit covered with 
wine, and we sucked her pussy and clit dry.  
     Julie did come a couple times while we were doing that.   
     I whispered to Julie to bring some shaving cream, and a 
razor, and an immediate smile appeared on her face.  She came back 
and we looked at the maid.  She was scared and said no, but we 
really didn't care.  We said, "Okay, fine." (for the moment) and 
drank some more wine, after a while we were all drunk, and we 
brought up the shaving of her pussy again.  We pushed her down, 
but she struggled.  Julie went under the bed, and came back out 
with ropes, we tied the maid spread eagle, and then continued.  I  
sprayed the shaving cream on her pussy and then we took the razor  
and ran it down her slit.  We shaved her whole pussy until there  
was no hair left.  I never have ate a shaved pussy before so I  
decided, here's my chance.  I put my mouth on it and and then 
teased her.  I licked all around it and sometimes I would go over 
the slit.  I very gently licked one lip, and then she cried out 
for more.  I then started more pressure, and put my tongue in her 
box.  I found her very stiff clit, but instead of going for that, 
I explored other parts.  She screamed at me to lick her clit, but  
she couldn't do anything about while she was tied.  I then got a  
nod from Julie, and I attacked her clit.  I bit her clit over and  
over, and she then screamed out and came.  She came so much and so  
rapidly that I couldn't get it all, with a lot dripping down on 
the bed. 
     We untied the maid, and this time Julie whispered something 
to the maid.  The maid came back with whip cream, chocolate syrup, 
and a jar of cherries.  Julie laid back on the back board of the 
bed, and sprayed whip cream all over her pussy, and then poured 
the syrup, and put a cherry on top.  I was right about to eat her, 
but she asked me to wait a minute.  She grabbed the bottle of 
wine and poured it on.  She then told me to eat my dessert, and 
to remember that I was supposed to finish my plate completely.  I 
dove into my dessert, took off the cherry and put it on the side. 
I licked off all the syrup, and was almost finished the cream, 
when the maid yelled out that it was her turn.  I moved aside and 
watched this gorgeous girl lick her boss's pussy.  Her wine-covered 
sundae quickly turned into a wine and cum covered sundae.  The maid 
licked everything off, and by the way Julie looked, you could tell 
she was pleased.  I then took the cherry I put aside, dipped it in  
Julie's soaking pussy, and then ate it.  Between me, the maid, and  
Julie the bottle was gone quickly.  
     Julie then realized she hadn't got a cock in her pussy yet.  
She pushed me down on the bed, and sat on my rigid cock.  She  
bounced up and down, for a couple of orgasms on my cock, when the   
maid pushed her off, and then SHE jumped on my cock.  She was  
riding my cock, when Julie came back up from the floor.  Julie was  
pissed.  She grabbed the maid, pushed her down on the bed, and  
slapped her ass, over and over.  The maid was crying out and  
Julie was yelling, "Don't you EVER push me like that again." 
     The maid was getting up, but Julie stopped her.  "No, bitch 
I'm not done with you yet.", Julie yelled. 
     Julie got the maid on all fours and motioned me over.  She 
told me to fuck her up the ass, but do not be the least bit 
gentle.  I got up, and rammed my cock in her asshole, and again 
she started screaming.  While my cock was in her ass, Julie 
started to slap her ass very hard.  I came in the maid's ass, and 
Julie pulled me out, and slapped the maid once more.   
     The next morning I woke up to find Julie and the maid gone. 
I walked downstairs to see Julie eating her breakfast off of the  
maid!  I sat down on a chair, still tired from the night before.  
The maid came over and gave a great blowjob, that really perked  
me up, but by now we had all run out of original ideas.  Julie  
excused herself, and said she will be right back.  She came back 
a couple minutes later, wearing a S+M black leather outfit.  It 
was cut off right above her pussy, and right below her tits.  It 
had several small silver spikes on it.  She also had a dog collar 
and a leash.  She put the collar around my neck, and pulled me to 
the ground, and then to her pussy.  She ordered me to lick her 
pussy, and to make her cum quickly. 
     I was so suprised, at what happened; soft, sensuous Julie, 
had turned into Julie,sex mistress.  I started to lick her pussy, 
but the one mistake I made was to tease her and lick around the 
pussy. 
     She got up and out of nowhere, she pulled out hand cuffs. 
She laid me on the table and handcuffed  me to the four legs of 
the table. She reached under the table and got a pair of ping 
pong paddles.  She handed one to the maid, and told the maid to do 
what she did.  Julie slapped me on the ass with a hard blow and 
then the maid did the same thing. 
     SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, the maid and Julie took turns.  My ass 
was red hot, and I loved it.  All of a sudden the slapping 
stopped.  I tried to look back, but my confined position wouldn't 
let  me.  I felt some KY Jelly being spread on my asshole, and 
then I felt a dildo go up in there.  Julie and the maid were 
sticking a dildo up my ass.  I thought the dildo was endless, it 
kept going and going.  
     Finally, it stopped.  I came a couple of times, and then the 
maid started slapping me again, with the dildo in my ass.  Every 
time she slapped my ass, she also hit the dildo.  The dildo kept 
going up and up, with every slap.  Julie finally took the dildo 
out, and then she walked in front of me.  With me still laying 
and handcuffed to the table, she stuck her pussy into my face. 
She ordered me to satisfy her.  I licked and sucked with 
everything I had.  I went straight for the clit, and licked for 
all I was worth.  While I was licking Julie's pussy, the maid 
started to slap me again.  Now I was having a hard time to 
satisfy Julie.  The maid then got my dick, and started to stroke 
it.  Julie threatened me, that if I cum before she does, I am in 
trouble.  I started to bite Julie's clit hard, and fast.  But my 
cock was ready to explode.  The maids expert care to my cock was 
one of the best things to ever happen to me, but I had to make 
Julie cum. 
     I pushed my tongue in Julie's box the hardest I could.  I got 
 her clit and pulled it out.  All of a sudden Julie turned around 
and her ass was in my face.  So I started to kiss her check's.  I  
licked all over her asshole, then I had only one way to make her  
cum fast.  I had to attack her asshole.  I licked her asshole,  
then I kissed it, I used some teeth, and finally she came.  Just  
seconds later I came. 

--
