Dip
by deirdre

I guess something made me really look at her, that morning.  Cynthia, 
my new sister-in-law, my husband Greg's sister.  She was staying 
with us, visiting, for the first time since Greg and I were married, 
and Greg was off at work and Cynthia had just come down for 
breakfast.  I looked at her, and realized I hadn't really payed much 
attention, but that she reminded me of Greg in a lot of ways.  They 
had the same eyes, and though her hair was lighter, their faces were 
similar, and even their build: both were about 5'8" and rather 
slender.  And they had some of the same personality quirks, and 
there was something the similar about the way they spoke.

Well, Cynthia had come down for breakfast, and I surprised myself!  I 
felt an attraction!  I had never felt an attraction like that for a 
woman!  And I certainly wasn't unsatisfied with sex with Greg--to 
the contrary, it was great and seemed to be getting better all the 
time--we were doing it more than ever, sometimes getting together 
twice in one day!  We both loved it, and sometimes, I'd even ask him 
for it!

Well, I sat there at breakfast and surreptitiously peeked at Cynthia, 
wondering how she could be having this effect on me!  She was 
dressed in shorts and a sleeveless white top, her long limbs 
showing.  The way she smiled at me did things to me I couldn't 
believe!  I wished that Greg was home, though I couldn't imagine 
slipping off with him while Cynthia was around.  I sat there, trying 
to keep my conversation going, but feeling very distracted.

After breakfast, we really had nothing to do, so we went out to the 
mall.  We were in a clothing store and I tried on a couple of skirts, 
but having Cynthia around was still affecting me.  I encouraged her 
to try on an outfit, and soon I found myself looking forward to 
getting her to try on more of them.  Cynthia came out of the dressing 
room dressed in this sexy little black dress and she asked me and 
the saleslady what we thought.  I looked at her, and my heart skipped 
a beat!  I managed to stay calm though and tell her I thought the 
dress suited her.  The saleslady agreed.  Cynthia was looking around 
for another dress to try on, and I found myself asking the saleslady 
if she knew of any dresses that would look good on Cynthia.  She 
showed me one and Cynthia agreed to try it on, and the saleslady and 
I looked for more.  Then the saleslady said, "You're hooked on her, 
aren't you?"

Cynthia was changing at the time.  It took a second for it to sink in, 
then I felt a momentary wave of panic.  I was *that* transparent?  I 
forced myself to speak as nonchalantly as the saleslady had: "Excuse 
me?"

"Oh, you can't deny it--you have the hots for her.  You like to see her 
dress up."

"She's my *sister-in-law* and we just came in to do some shopping!"  
I wasn't nonchalant anymore, but I managed to keep my voice in a 
low hiss.

"And you like to see her body.  Here, we could try to convince her to 
try on this," and she showed me this slinky little dress that I 
couldn't believe!  I don't know when she could wear such a thing 
other than for her future husband.  "I'll bet she'll try it on," continued 
the saleslady, "encourage her," and she pushed it in my hands.  I 
looked down at it and just about went into a trance.

Cynthia had come out and was modelling another dress.  Once again, 
it almost killed me to look at her, and I felt a lump rising in my 
throat about the thought of seeing her in the dress in my hand.  
Finally, I proceeded to talk her into trying it on.  I surprised myself 
how smooth *and* relentless I could be!  I told her it was just for a 
lark.  I told her she should at least have the chance to see what she 
would look like in such a dress.  She went for it, and took it into the 
changing room.

The saleslady said "You'd like to see her nude, wouldn't you?"  I didn't 
see how she could be so forward.

"Listen,..." I started, ready to tell her what's what.

"Oh, stop denying it--listen to me: I'll tell you how you can get your 
chance to see her nude."  The part of me that wanted to do it kept me 
tongue-tied and I just stood there dumbly.

"Good," she went on, "I know this pond you can take her to go 
swimming.  It's a little out of the city and no one goes there, so you 
can just drive her there and tell her it's so hot you two should just 
take a dip."

"Go swimming naked?!"  I said.  Then Cynthia came out of the 
dressing room.  I was transfixed.  After a few seconds of just 
staring, I glanced at the saleslady.  She was staring too, but in a 
second she seemed to come to her senses.  Anyone, man or woman 
would have stared at Cynthia in that dress.   She had come out 
preening, but looked a little alarmed at our reaction.  In a second, we 
were both telling her how great it looked, if a bit daring.  Cynthia 
seemed a bit embarrassed by the idea of other people in the store 
possibly coming over and seeing her so she went to take it off.

As soon as she left, the saleslady proceeded to tell me how to get to 
this pond she was talking about.  She said just make sure we have a 
beer for lunch, and then just drive out, telling Cynthia that on the 
spur of the moment I'd remembered a perfect way to beat the heat.  
Cynthia came out and we left, but as we left I felt I was in the 
possession of dangerous knowledge... I didn't know if I'd be 
responsible for my own actions!

I found myself taking us to one of those restaurant-bar chains for 
lunch and sure enough, we each had a beer.  I stared at Cynthia while 
she wasn't looking and sometimes I thought I'd never do anything like 
that saleslady suggested and other times I was afraid I'd already 
decided to do it.   We sat there and talked a bit, and then, sure 
enough, when we left, I found myself following the saleslady's 
directions.  And I even used her line.

We ended up on a little country road and turned onto a little track 
into the fields.   Eventually we came to this little pond in a very 
obscure spot!  No one was around, and it looked like people seldom 
came there.  I broached the idea of taking a swim.  Cynthia laughed 
and thought I was crazy.  I told her it was no big deal, just a way to 
cool off, and that no one knew about this spot.  In a minute I could 
see she was wavering and finally she went along with it!

We stood there, and I realized she wasn't just going to take off her 
clothes while we watched each other.  I turned aside and pulled off 
my top.  I didn't look her way, but started talking as if this were 
something I do all the time.  I glanced back at her and she was just 
staring at me, open-mouthed.  Lust?  No, just shock--she wasn't 
quite ready for this yet.

"Oh, don't worry about it, this is nothing!"  I said, trying to encourage 
her and defuse her embarrassment.  Finally, she nervously started 
taking off her top.  I looked away, and continued, taking off my 
shorts and kicking off my shoes.  A discrete peek revealed she was 
nervously glancing at me while continuing to undress.  Soon I was 
completely nude, and I walked up and tested the water with my hand.

"Come on," I said as I turned around.  She was just taking off her 
panties and her breasts were bare!  When she stood up, completely 
nude, I stared in awe, but was quick enough to catch myself before I 
made a scene.  I walked in a few steps, and then dived down under 
water to get myself used to it quickly, and came up and looked back.  
She was so sexy!  She was at the edge of the pool now, and 
cautiously making her way in.  I kept looking at her, but I kept a 
playful smile on my face as if I were just waiting for her to join the 
fun.  Soon she was in and we were both swimming.

I couldn't believe it.  This was too much!  Here I am lusting after a 
woman, and swimming with her, nude!  And she has *no* idea!  It 
occurred to me that I might get us into playing tag or some other 
touching game!  I could pull her under in fun?  Tickle her?  I couldn't 
believe the thoughts that were coming into my head--where would 
this all end?

Then I realized that another car had pulled up!  Caught!  Cynthia and I 
immediately made sure the water was covering us and glued our eyes 
on the car!  I felt such panic.  Out of the car came a woman, in a 
black, one-piece swim-suit.  It was the saleslady!  She had a towel 
on her shoulder which she threw on the ground, and proceeded to 
walk into the pond!

"Hi, thought I'd join you."  Cynthia and I just stared and didn't know 
what to do.  In seconds, she was gliding around the pond, and in a 
minute, she swam up to us and stopped, planting her feet on the 
bottom.  "Perfect day for a dip," she said as if nothing strange were 
going on, "going suitless?" she asked with a sly smile.

"We just stopped for a little dip," I said, suddenly wondering how we 
were going to manage to leave.  Would she leave soon?  Should we 
leave while she was still around?

"Oh, don't be shy!" she said, "it's nothing really," and she swam out to 
where we were.   Immediately, she was splashing Cynthia, laughing, 
and Cynthia responded by taking off after her.  Soon she had the 
three of us playing tag, and let me tell you, it was weird touching 
bodies like that, knowing both Cynthia and I were nude.

Then once when I looked back at them, they were together.  The 
woman was behind Cynthia, so close that her face was right over 
Cynthia's shoulder.  I stared for a second, and then moved closer.  
The woman obviously had her arms around Cynthia under water, and 
Cynthia had this vacant stare--even though I was in front of her, she 
was looking right through me.  Her mouth was hanging open and I 
could see the rise and fall of her breathing.

"Come on, come here and kiss her!" said the woman.  I was staring at 
them, openmouthed, wondering what was going on.  "Oh, come on, 
hurry!" said the woman.  I still didn't approach any closer, and soon I 
realized they were moving toward me.

Soon they were close to me, and had turned so that Cynthia was face 
away from me and the woman was close to me.  "I set things up for 
you, and you freeze," she said.  She kept moving closer until she was 
right in front of me.  Then she added: "Here!  Here's a kiss," and she 
grabbed my head with one hand and put her lips right on mine, hard!

I was in shock.  Her tongue was working its way into my mouth, and 
somehow, I just stood there, not able to move.  I felt her hands on 
my body, and soon I felt skin against my back.  My back was against 
Cynthia's!  The woman wasn't kissing me now, but she was caressing 
my breasts under water, and her hand was wondering up and down my 
body, sometimes down to my crotch.  I was breathing hard--out of 
control.  I heard hard breathing behind me.  Cynthia.  She was 
writhing and moaning.  The fingers were down to my sex, in my sex.  
I almost passed out.

We, Cynthia and I, were on our hands and knees, next to each other, 
almost touching, in about five inches of water near the edge of the 
pool.  Our shoulders *were* touching.  And our hips.  And thighs.  The 
woman was behind us, kneeling.  I felt her finger my cunt.  Cynthia 
was moaning and swinging her head back and forth.  The finger found 
my rear hole.  I couldn't stand it.

We were kneeling on the carpet in the woman's apartment, still nude.  
She hadn't allowed us to get dressed when we came--even when we 
came in from her car.  My car was still at the pond.  It was supper 
time and Greg would be wondering where we were.  The woman was 
sitting on a chair in front of us, wearing a top, but nothing below her 
waist.  Cynthia and I were pushing our heads toward her crotch 
between her wide-spread legs, both licking at the same time.  
Against my left cheek was Cynthia's right, and against my other 
cheek was the woman's thigh.  My tongue touched Cynthia's as we 
licked and licked.  The woman's hand was behind my head, pulling it 
to her cunt.
