Copyright © 1997, Bobby Lee,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







                          Talking Dirty

                               by

                            Bobby Lee



     Hi, I'm Gloria, your phone sex mate. Our receptionist referred you
   to me because your asked for pedophilia , a story about having a
   sexual contact with a young girl, and telling these stories is my
   specialty. Get your penis out and start stroking it because I'm going
   to tell you what I liked when I was a little girl in a way that is
   going to make you cum, honey.

     A little girl has a pussy just like a woman's only it is smaller,
   more sensitive and has no hair. Little girls are receptive to being
   fondled by a man they like because they don't have any hangups about
   sex. All mothers tell their young daughters not to let anyone touch
   them "down there" but I will explain how to get around that. Little
   girls wear white cotton panties until they are ten or so and then
   they start wearing rayon panties with flowery designs and lace on the
   leg holes until they get to be teenagers.

     Wouldn't you like to touch a young girl between her legs? Rub her
   little pussy through that white cotton panty crotch and make her hot
   and wet? Then you could gently push your finger under her elasic leg
   band, spread her lips and fondle her bare clitoris. Most little girls
   would like that if it was done by a man with experience. If she was
   scared just mention that big people do this and it feels very good.
   She will respond by relaxing her legs and spreading them slightly.

     Put your hand inside the top of her panties, slide your hand down
   and massage just above the junction of her pussy lips. That area is
   very sensitive. Now move down to her clitoris and caress it and the
   small lips that surround it. Kiss her and gently squeeze her nipples.
   If you continue to do this with care and tenderness, she should have
   an orgasm in about ten minutes.

     After she has an orgasm, carefully put the tip of your forefinger
   in the entrance to her vagina. Don't penetrate her but move your
   finger in small circles around the rim... With your thumb, massage
   her clitoris until she becomes aroused again. At this time teach her
   how to touch your penis and give you pleasure. Mutual masturbation
   with a little girl can be a fun and and gratifying thing for both of
   you.

     That's how you get into a little girls panties so they won't tell
   their mother. Many little girls have had their panties felt by the
   time they are twelve. Usual a relative, family friend or neighbor.
   Does that excite you and make your penis hard, honey? Now let me tell
   you about my first time...

     I had my first orgasm when I was eight and it was wonderful. Let
   me tell you what happened. I was playing with another girl and we
   were using a see-saw. Everytime my end would go down I would slide
   forward slightly and the material of my panty crotch would be pulled
   between my pussy lips and over my tiny clitoris. After about five
   minutes of this I was aroused and my panties were wet and slippery. I
   really liked the feeling between my legs. I purposely began to push
   myself back and forth on the board to increase the pressure.

     My friend noticed the expression on my face, my eyes were shut and
   I was biting my lip in concentration, and wondered if I was all
   right? "Sure"; I said; "I'm fine." But I resented her question
   because I was nearing orgasm and she interrupted me. I moved toward
   the edge of the board, dangling a leg over the side, so the friction
   intensified and I was thoroughly enjoying the smooth rhythm I found
   years later when I had sex with my Grandpa.

     After ten minutes of this automatic masturbation I had my first
   real orgasm. It felt wonderful, strong and intense. The other girl
   couldn't understand why I was so red-faced and gasping for breath.
   From that day forward I was always horny and played with my pussy
   almost every day.

     When I was little my parents would leave me at my Aunt's house
   when they wanted to go out. Once, when I was nine, I stayed there for
   a an entire weekend. During this visit I slept on the couch in their
   living room. I was hot and I would only wear panties when I went to
   bed. One night I woke up and my Uncle was standing over me. He was
   gazing down at me and masturbating, stroking his large penis up and
   down. It was huge and stood straight out from his body.

     I knew he was looking down at my legs and bottom and was probably
   thinking about touching me between my legs. I twisted around and
   spread my legs, exposing my panty clad pussy to his gaze. I slowly
   scooted down, stretching the material of my panty crotch over my
   little swollen lips just to intice him. He placed a finger on my
   crotch and rubbed it back and forth until it found my wet clit and
   massaged it through my panties. His fingers felt so good I wanted to
   pull my panties off and let him touch my bare pussy.

     Too soon he put his free hand in front of his penis and sperm shot
   out. He had felt my panties and left me in a high state of arousal
   but best of all I wanted him to finish me off and make me cum. I was
   so close when he stopped, less that thirty seconds from from heaven.
   After he left I touched myself and had a wonderful orgasm..

     My Grandfather was the second one to touch me. I was ten and he
   came to live with us. One morning I had just awakened and came
   bounding into the living room where he was reading the paper. He
   folded up the paper and sat me on his lap. As we were talking I
   could feel his hand go inside my pajamas and he gently caressed my
   tummy, my legs and finally my panties. He pushed the crotch to one
   side and pushed and pulled my inner lips which made my clitoris pop
   in and out of it's sheath. He was so gentle and he was experienced at
   touching a little girl's pussy and getting her hot.

     In seconds my tiny clitoris was just throbbing with desire and my
   panty crotch was soaking wet with vaginal lubricant. I hadn't had an
   orgasm in about three days so I was very horny. His finger felt so
   wonderful sliding between my lips.. Neither of us looked down and we
   just kept talking like nothing was happening. It was so neat! I could
   feel the climax building inside me. I didn't want to cum in front of
   him but I couldn't help it. It lasted forever and it was so strong. I
   started to pump against his finger, squirming my little bottom and
   hugging him around the neck. That was just the beginning of our
   private games....

     Sometimes Grandpa and I would go for a ride in his car. I always
   wore a dress with white panties underneath because I knew that was
   what he liked. He drive along, lift my dress and when he saw my white
   panties he would fondle the crotch. Then he would go under the
   elastic leg band and stimulate my clitoris until I had an orgasm.

     We did it other places too. One time we went to the library and he
   started fondling me while we were standing between two book shelves.
   He shielded my small body with his, lifted me up so I could support
   my weight by standing on a lower shelf and he started rubbing my
   panty crotch against my clit. I got so aroused, I spread my legs
   slightly and pulling my panties to one side and guided his finger to
   my clitoris with my other hand. I was afraid someone would see us and
   this made our fun very sexy. He made me cum - twice.

     Once, while he was played with my panties, he took his hard penis
   out of his pants and showed me how to masturbate him. My small
   fingers could not completely encircle it. As I rubbed his penis he
   groaned; Oh, Gloria!", put his penis between my legs and squirted his
   semen all over my panty crotch. Then he fondled my slippery crotch
   until I came. We went on these rides about once a week for over a
   year and I always enjoyed them.

     Did you come yet? Your time is up for this call but if you call
   back I'll tell you about the time my Grandpa kissed me between my
   legs and finally put his penis inside me. Just to tease you, I was
   eleven, wearing rayon flowered panties, he sucked my swollen
   sensitive nipples and made me want to feel him inside me.....

     Please do call back and ask for Gloria...



     Several Days Later...



     Hi, this is Gloria. Thank you so much for asking for me. I
   remember you, your special needs and exactly where I left off last
   time we talked.

     Since we only talked once, I had told you about my Grandfather and
   the fun we used to have riding around in his car, right? First, let
   me tell you that I actually enjoy telling you of these experiences
   and it makes me hot too and, of course, I play with my pussy while we
   talk.

     When I left off I had related that my Grandfather and I had
   developed a sexual relationship where we went out in his car and
   fondled each other to orgasm about once a week.

     After a year a change took place and this is the way that it
   happened. I was eleven, developing pert little breasts with soft,
   sensitive nipples. I had even sprouted a few pubic hairs and now wore
   rayon panties and a training bra.

     My Grandfather had not taken me for a ride in about a month and I
   was very horny. Finally one Friday night he told my parents that he
   was taking me to a Drive-In movie.

     I knew that he would play with me so I showered and wore my best
   pair of rayon panties. I remember they were blue with little yellow
   flowers. I wore no training bra only a sweater and a pleated white
   skirt.

     As were drove to the theater, Grandpa reached under my dress, felt
   my thighs, moved up to my panties and gently squeezed my panty crotch
   and underlying labia with his thumb and forefinger. Then he pressed
   his middle finger against the silky material. Moving under the
   legband he made contact with on my rigid, aroused clitoris. I spread
   my legs to give him easy access. I was so ready that thirty seconds
   of this fondling caused me to cum. I had a good, strong orgasm that
   left my legs shaky.

     Once inside and parked we moved to the back seat. Grandpa pulled
   my panties down to my knees, bent the front seat forward and
   positioned me facing him with my back on the front seat. We french
   kissed and he stroked my clitoris for a while then he completely
   removed my panties. He bent down and kissed my tummy and spread my
   legs. Next he started licking my inner thighs and occasionally his
   tongue would venture over my lips and lick my clitoris up and down.
   With his hands he had lifted my sweater and his fingers gently
   kneaded and squeezed my sensitive nipples. Suddenly all his licking
   was concentrated on my throbbing clitoris.

     I was almost ready to cum when he unzipped the front of his pants
   and removed his hard penis. I leaned forward and stroked it like he
   had taught me. Soon he positioned me so one of my legs was on either
   side of his lap and he rubbed the head of his hard cock over my
   clitoris. I was in heaven! God that felt good. Without saying a word
   he moved the tip of his penis to the entrance of my vagina and slowly
   pushed the head in me. It was very tight and there was some pain as
   he pushed against my hymen but soon the head was in me and I reacted
   by gradually lowering my hips until he penetrated me fully. That was
   so thrilling and so sexy, It felt wonderful!

     I squirmed back and forth driving him even deeper inside me. He
   lifted my sweater and commenced sucking on my soft, swollen nipples
   while he moved my hips back and forth causing his penis to pump my
   vagina. He would push me back until his penis was almost out of my
   vagina then he would pull on my hips until it was deep inside me
   again. His large penis stretched my small vagina and gave me a
   feeling of fullness. There I was, only eleven years old and I was
   fucking someone I loved and it felt so good.

     Out of curiosity I looked down and I could see his penis going in
   and out of my pussy very slowly. Once in a while the head would pop
   out of my vagina then it would plunge back inside me.

     It was my first time and I did not climax right away. I had to
   adjust to the thickness of his penis and the rhythm of his strokes. I
   guess the part that really made me hot was the gentle sucking of my
   sensitive nipples and the pressure of his penis pulling the inner
   lips of my pussy over my clitoris. After we "screwed" for ten
   minutes or so, I could feel my orgasm approaching.

     Mewing sounds came from deep within my throat, I ground my hips in
   a circular motion and hugged Grandpa very tightly. Then I came! It
   was so neat, strong and long lasting - I just kept coming and coming.

     As I was in the throes of orgasm I heard him, almost like he was
   in the distance, telling me that he was coming as he shot his warm
   semen deep inside me. We hugged and kissed for a long time then I put
   my panties on and we climbed into the front seat to watch the movie.

     No sooner had we settled down than his hand was back inside my
   panties fondling me, getting me hot and then we screwed again. This
   time I was used to his thick penis and I came almost immediately.
   Twice in about an hour. I found gobs of his sticky semen in my
   panties when I got home and I was very sore down there for a couple
   of days. My Grandfather was the best lover I have ever had. Years
   later I was talking to my mother and she said that he played with her
   when she was a little girl and made her cum too.

     Grandpa and I had sex at least once a week until he died when I
   was seventeen.

     Like you, he understood that little girls need love too. Wouldn't
   it have been neat if you were a neighbor at that time and you could
   have gotten sexy with me too. We'll talk about that next time..


                              - finis -









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....