Archive-name: Family/disclot3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Disclosure - Part 3


It was getting late and my parents had since gone to bed.  There wasn't
much on the tube, as usual, but I managed to fall upon a b-movie on
cable high.  It was just like all the others: dubbed, and overdubbed,
with sur prisingly young female leads.  I watched this movie and could
almost foretell the events.  They are all similar:  once the girl
yawns, it foretells a shower sequence.  Indeed, the fine miss soon took
to bath.  Of course, our dame was quite wealthy and employed at least a
few servants.   This particular maiden attended to draw the bath for
the Lady nymph.  Quite innocently the miss disrobes and slides into the
hot bath prepared by her womanservant.  The incapable lass is too rich
to launder her own body and this action is left for the maiden.  All
the servants are alike; early twenties, busty, and share the impeccable
quality of arousal upon site of their master.  After a few strokes of
the rag, the lead dame, surely no older than 17, begins to reminisce of
past sexual encounters...or desires of such.  Any good maid would, of
course, attend to her masters wants, no matter the case.  Not
surprisingly, the servant soon unclothed, takes to share the water with
her young master Lady.  This is when the moaning and whimpering begins.
The servant proceeds without the wash rag and cleanses her noblewomans
slippery chest.  Using only her hands she caresses and tickles the
juvenile along her breasts and then soon upon to her belly.  A brief
camera shot below the water reveals the very hairy crotch of the miss.
The maiden's hand is shown going under water and presumably exploring
her master's most private part.  Of course, this scene is left mostly
to the imaginative since only brief shots of this action is revealed.
Actually, even though I tease at this show, it is in all stimulating.
The two lasses continue the overplay of caress and tease; a breasts
lick here, and the obviously not-enjoyed French kiss.  These young
"actresses" are too fresh to believably portray this most difficult
action.  Only the older, more real, b-porno actresses can play out a
convincing lesbian encounter with intimate kisses.  These two
particular ladies did seem to excel at psuedo-arousal, and I began to
get excited.  I was engrossed in the movie when someone walked in the
TV room.  I frantically went for the remote control to change the
channel.  Alas, the remote fell to the floor and my hope to conceal my
 viewing went in vain.  I shifted my legs to hide my arousal and looked
 to the visitor.  Thankfully it was only my sister, Janet.  It was dark
 in the room, and through the haze I noticed my sister entering the
 room and came and sat anext to me.  "Couldn't sleep.", Jan spoke to me
 under a stretch.  "Just watching some movie...nothin' on.", I
 returned to Jan.  My sister cleared her eyes from her sleep, and
 looked at the television.  Strangely my sis sat and viewed the
 television.  Janet watched this movie and seemed to not even pay
 interest to its content.  The two young ladies in the movie had
 stopped their intimacies and sat still in the hot water of the bath.
 Finally sister Jan spoke,"What's this?"  I am open with my sister and
 told her it was the "usual b-porno movie".  Janet seemed to take my
 reply with normality offering,"I've seen her before somewhere...she's
 pretty."  "Which one?", I asked of my sister's comment.  Janet, still
 affixed to the tube, quietly replied,"The blonde....with the big
 boobs."  Janet's observation meant the womanservant.  As my sweet
 sister sat watching the movie I turned to look at her.  Not the first
 time, but I noticed Jan's seductive beauty; sis was not very "cutely",
 and appeared rather like a seductress.  Janet sat back and cud dled
 near me with a pillow between her legs.  "What's it about?", Jan asked
 of the movie.  I told all I knew,"...nothing much, these movies have
 no real plots.  They are made simply to seduce the male audience with
 these young ladies."  Sis giggled l ightly and kept a thin smile on
 her lips.  We sat and watched for a while.  After a few minutes I
 looked over to Jan.  Simultaneously she looked to me and smiled and
 returned her attention to the flick.  Getting more comfortable, Jan
 shifted her body ; feet towards me.  Sis took the pillow from between
 her tan legs and placed it behind her head.  As to be expected Jan was
 in her nighty; and as usual, was bra-less.  I have often noted Jan
 panty-less by the dark haze from under her gown.  Tonight was no
 exception, and her position next to me made for a clear view of my
 sister's pubis.  I tried not to look, outlast such that she would not
 catch me.  In the movie, but once again it was time for a teen lesbian
 act.  The same Lady of the house, but paired with her cousin; "what
 are cousins for, anyhow?".  Course, the lovely actress portraying
 cousin Regina surely was no older than 18 herself.  For a cable movie,
 this act was quite graphic.  Hints at oral stimulation and even sixty-
 nine were evident.  I was aroused, and looked to see how sis reacted.
 Jan saw me look to her and said,"I'm surprised how young they are...I
 guess they're bout' 15 or so..."  I said nothing but felt a shift in
 my pants.  Jan was still eying me and, too, saw my arousal.  My sister
 lightly suggested,"Well, I guess 15 is old enough for ya'?"  I laughed
 it off and played down my embarrassment.  However, sis chose not to
 let me off so easy and joked, "You might want to loosen your zipper,
 or else you might get hurt."  I laughed sarcastically and could think
 of no "come back".  Jan repositioned herself and sat indian-style next
 to me.  We  both watched the movie further.  The two actresses had now
 taken to kissing and slapped tongues.  This had always been the most
 appealing facet of these psuedo-lesbian scenes.  My aroused penis took
 to an even larger and more pressing size.  I noticed Jan was watching
 it grow as if she were reporting on it.  Before she could speak her
 comment, I noticed she, too, was excited; for her nipples were erect
 and pressing upon her light threaded gown.  "Gee, I guess I'm not the
 only one who likes young girls..", I jested at sis.  She attempted to
 debate and said,"Whadda' ya' mean?"  I turned to Jan and flicked her
 hard breast through her gown.  More futile arguments, and Jan told me
 that her condition was due to the coldness.  It was actually quite
 warm in the room, and Jan sensed this as soon as her words were done.
 I looked to her with disbelieving eyes.  "It's just cuz I don't have a
 bra on.", Jan said as she dug herself deeper.  I ignored her remark
 and returned to watching the movie.  At this point in the movie, one
 of the bell-bottomed studs was to get his chance with the rich Lady.
 I knew my sister co uld not suppress her arousal whence this scene
 played.  Soon, the man began to sex the young lady; pounding his hips
 behind the lass in dog-fashion.  I saw Jan getting antsy in attempting
 to conceal her emotions.  I bent forward and stared at my sister's
 chest; mostly as a joke just to make her mad at commenting initially
 on my arousal.  Jan sniped at me,"Here...can you see better?".  Jan
 gathered the neck of her gown and tugged it down below her left bosom.
 I was surprised she did this, but remained calm and apologized for
 making her feel nervous.  She was still bitter and complained,"No.
 Here you go.", and she proceeded to stretch her gown nightgown
 exposing both her breasts.  I wasn't sure why she did this, but seemed
 as if she was trying to make me feel embarrassed.  I purposefully
 turned my sight away from her exposed bosom and again watched the
 movie.  Jan soon succumbed to my ignoring her and said
 bitterly,"Fine...I'll just lie here like this...by the way, if want to
 look at me , go ahead."  I quickly returned to my sister,"Fine, you
 lie there...but I don't want to see you.  I was only teasing, god, you
 can't take a joke can you?"  She did not reply and a minute later
 reclothed her breasts.  The movie was about over and it was time for
 the climactic ending scene.  My sis and I were eventually back on
 speaking terms.  Our fine young lady was to have her big moment with
 an older man and his wife.  Jan noted,"Here we go again...this girl
 must be loose as shit!"  I rarely heard my sister talk in such a
 sexual manner, but it did not surprise me for she often had a foul
 mouth.  I joked back," Not really, most of her sex was with women!"
 Jan smiled and pulled herself nearer to me.  During the scene Jan
 leaned against me and said,"I'm sorry about earlier, we were both
 pretty much being assholes.  I shouldn't have been angry with you for
 noting my tits and all."  I apologized as well and told Jan,"Yeh, it
 was stupid of us anyhow, we're brother and sister after all. I 'm not
 trying to hide anything...even that."  Jan grinned
 replying,"True....besides, I CAN'T hide mine", she pointed me to her
 still hard nipples. In the humorous mood, I pulled her gown forwards
 away from her body and looked down her chest and said, "Yeh, I guess
 you really can't hide it too much!"  I released her gown and it
 snapped back to her body.  Jan giggled with me at my antics.  I said
 nothing but was actually quite impressed with my sister's nice
 breasts.  Jan noted,"I guess I shouldn't have said anything about
 your", she pointed at my buldged pants.  I snipped back,"Yeh, cuz' I
 can't hide that either."  Instantly Jan reached down and pulled up my
 jeans waist and peered sideways down my pants.  I was startled but
 expected it following my same deed.  The credits now ran down the
 screen.  Jan still next to me, and warmer than ever.  I began to like
 this close meeting with my sister; and it appeared she did, too.
 Back-to-back b-porno movies were apparently scheduled for "Tina's
Dance" was just coming on.  I noted the "new" feature to Jan and she
acted happy but then controlled her emotions to act impartial.  The
movie opened with some lady, apparently Tina, tapping her fingers
against the back of the man underneath her.  Jokingly, Jan began to
tap her fingers on my back mimicking the film.  At first I didn't catch
on but then realized her parody and smiled to her.  I watched as Tina's
tapping grew lower upon her man's back and felt upon my back Jan's
tapping yet growing lower.  It was by chance that the actors were
dressed much like sis and I.  Tina wore a teddy, and the man was
shirtless with his jeans on. Jan wore a nightgown, and I same as the
man.  Tina had now stopped tapping and began stroking her forefinger
 along the man's waist line.  Jan, too, stroked her warm finger on my
skin.  I was terribly aroused now, and my penis began to push my jeans
away from me.  Tina slid her hand around under the man and apparently
took agrasp of him.  I felt Jan stop her stroking and cautiously
awaited the next move.  There was to be none, though, and Jan giggled
at her caper.  I was so engrossed in my Jan's moves I had to come back
to realize this girl was my sister.  The man and Tina flipped over, now
swapping initial positions.  The man began to tap upon Tina's stomach
which lay before him.  Apparently tapping played a big role in this
movie.  I wanted to tap upon Jan as she did to me but was nervous.
Realizing she couldn't argue I tapped my fingers around her belly,
through her gown.  She smiled lightly and pulled herself closer to me.
My fate now lay in the hands of this man in the movie, for I was
determined to match his actions.  The man moved his tapping higher,
upon the ribs of Tina, and I play ed them back atop Jan.  Jan sat
watching the movie the whole time.  The man boldly moved up and tapped
lightly on Tina's tiny breasts.  After lightfast thought I too pat my
forefinger on my sister's nipple.  It was very hard and I mentioned
it,"Yep..  .still hard."  Jan laughed lightly and whispered,"Of
course..."  When I looked back at the screen the man rolled Tina's robe
from her bosom exposing her small bosom.  Really excited, I put a few
fingers beneath Jan's fleshy chest and jiggled her breasts out of her
gown.  They fell upon her gown and the elastic quickly tightened below
her sizable boobs.  I expected Jan to comment, either good or bad, but
she did not.  Rather, she adjusted the elastic allowing herself more
comfort.  I was almost s cared to look at the screen.  The man now
eagerly fondled Tina's boobs with one hand and began to undo his pants
with the other.  I looked to Jan, but she offered no signal as she sat
watching the movie.  I analyzed her silence as a "go ahead" and began
to feel her nice tits.  I used both hands, however, and did not undo my
pants.  Her breasts were unusually warm, and grew noticeably cooler
towards her tense nipples. Jan reached her arm around my back and
hugged me one handed.  I continued to cuddle and roll my sister's
bosom for a good ten seconds.  I went to the television for further
guidance.  The man no pantless had abandoned Tina's breasts for better
things....he began to unfasten her garter and soon removed the front
exposing Tina's red-haired vagina.  Jan saw me look at the screen and
again offered no clue of passage.  I tugged at Jan's gown attempting to
pull it down to expose more of her front but had difficultly getting
much past her rib-cage.  Jan swung her hair around her back and eased
herself from the arms of her gown.  Now, all signs go, I slid down my
sister's silk down past her naval.  She was seated and thus the
material gather up around her waist.  The couple in the movie had since
begun intercourse and, thus, I no longer used his guidance.  I rubbed
my palm around Jan's belly and around her back; occasionally going back
to her warm breasts.  Jan's eyes were closed and she seemed to be in
hazed state.  I wanted more and slowly worked my hand under the gath
ered fabric.  I felt her belly become hairier as I approached her
vagina.  Once I had found her bushy center Jan took my hand and stopped
me. I figured she wanted to stop so I sat motionless next to her.  Jan
stood up bare breasted before me and looked at the entrance the TV
room (surely she was making sure no was around).  To my great surprise
and delight Jan pushed down the material at her waist and let her gown
fall to the floor.  Her vagina was woolier than it felt, and seemed to
scatter wildly in patterns.  Quickly Jan fell back next to me in the
exact same position she was in before.  Her vagina radiated warmth all
near her belly.  Guiding my hand with hers, Jan ran my hand along the
top of her fur.  I allowed sis to control my hand and made no attempts
to do anything she didn't wish.  Her guidance became harder and she
pressed my hand firmly upon her hot pussy.  Lower she went until I felt
the boiling skin of her vagina protruding from her hairy coat.  Her
hand left mine and I was on my own.  I stayed along her sweet skin and
rubbed my finger lightly along her vagina guided solely by the heat and
moistness.  Lower I went until I sensed the opening of my sister's
vagina.  Without much force, and almost accidentally, I plunged a
finger half an inch into my sister.  She was very wet and my finger
felt loose in her cunt.  Jan seemed to enjoy it nonetheless and rocked
slowly.  I popped my finger from my sister and looked at her vagina.
She was quite loose, and her clitoris was very large.  I sank my finger
again into Jan, this time deeper until she flinched. I had a good two
inches in her vagina and pushed her clit around with my thumb.  Jan's
hips began to swirl and bob and I knew how to help her.  I steadily
'fucked ' my finger in and out of her until she was rather
unrestrained.  I had never 'fingered' a girl into climax before and now
my sister was about to become the first.  I continued to rotate and
push my finger into Jan until I felt a steaming stream run down my
hand.  Jan bobbed up and down and breathed loudly with each hump.  She
came for a few seconds and then pulled my finger from her sweaty pool
of juice.  She bent over and kissed me lightly on the forehead.  She
stood and dressed quickly.  She began to walk from the room but turned
and came back next to me.  Undaunted, Jan unsnapped my jeans and pulled
my penis from my underwear.  I wished she had not, since I already
began to drip cum.  Stopping not though, my sister proceeded to jack me
off using her warm hands.  Only seconds later I blasted my cum all
along her hand and onto my belly.  After I came Jan bent down and
kissed my penis, then again placed a kiss on my forehead.  She zipped
up my pants, right atop my cum spotted belly, and said, "Whenever that
movie is on, we will do this....keep track and tell me when it comes on
next.  Good night." Needless to say, next time it was on Jan was away
at her friends house.  But, I was careful to tape the movie and play it
for her upon her return.            THE END.

--
