Copyright ® 1997, MAX FREE, ALL Rights Reserved  

File DiscovrC.txt      Title:     Discoveries (inc ped group)  Author: Max Free
Summary: The sexual liberation of a lot of people as a result of a bet 

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of 
the author.  Else it may be freely distributed on condition that this notice remains attached
and that the usual precautions have been taken to prevent it being read by unauthorized
persons, especially under age children, or by persons that might be offended by its contents.  
  
The author may be contacted at max_free@anon.nymserver.com   .  

==========================================================  

                                      DISCOVERIES  

                                      by Max Free  

 ==========================================================  

This story shows how one bet changed the lives of many people.  It set a sort of snowball
moving, on snow, a lot of snow if you understand what I mean.  If not, you will if you read on. 
  

>> THE BET  

A girl and boy in a cozy sitting room.  

She, Bea, is about 16, a small, curvy redhead, nice boobs that are slightly large for her
dimensions but not really big.  She wears a simple blouse and skirt, no jewelry.   He, Don, is
about 18, has short blond hair and is of average height, not athletic but well built.  He wears a
pair of shorts and a shirt.  

He is explaining to her how to solve a mathematical problem.  

His parents, Lex and Lisa Young, come in and father Lex says "Well children, we are going
now.  Don, do not stay up to wait for us, we shall return very late.  Have fun and be good!
Bye Bea" Lisa also wishes them a good evening.  Don does not know that his parents are on
their way to a swap club that they visit now and then, just for a change.  

When the pair has heard the car start and disappear, they wait a few minutes.  You never
know, a forgotten credit card or something.  Then they go and sit on the sofa, and embrace. 
The boy says "I thought they would never go!" After this everything goes very quick.  

The boy feels up the girl's slender legs and then hugs her enthusiastically.  "OOOh, no panties,
Bea, I love you!".  He then quickly removes her skirt and her blouse.  No bra, she is naked. 
He starts to kiss her all over, starting with her eyes and her mouth, then going down to her
breasts that he kisses while softly kneading them after which he spends some time licking and
sucking her stiff nipples.  Don, drawing many happy sighs from her mouth goes down to her
flat soft stomach, but soon, probably attracted by the delectable odor coming from it he goes
further down, all the time kissing, to her beautiful red bush and the pussy below it.  Bea has
automatically spread her legs so that he can now kiss her pussy, but he does not, yet.  He
prefers to first put a lot of kisses on the very smooth inside of her upper legs.  Then he takes
the time to look at her pussy that lies open for him, its slit with its fat lips already gaping a bit,
her red clit obviously hard and protruding a little from its sheath.  From her slit escape a few
pearly drops of cunt juice.  Don says "Your cunt smells so nice.  You know that sometimes,
when I have felt your cunt, I later, sometimes hours later, sniff my fingers to smell it again?".  

Don starts to kiss Bea's pussy and to lick her slit.  Then he pushes up the hood of her clit
uncovering it red and stiff in all its glory, and he starts to lick and suck it.  Bea's sighs become
moans.  Suddenly she pushes Don away and on his back on the sofa.  She then quickly
removes his shorts and his shirt and falls down on him kissing his face and crying "Ooooh Don
I love you......  I love you!"  

Bea then repeats more or less what he has done to her, kissing his face, his breast, sucking his
nipples. Don starts to pant and cries out "Oooh Bea that is nice!  Ooooh   Oooh!"  When she
is near his cock that is standing up very stiff above his belly, she can not resist its attraction
and engulfs it in her mouth immediately starting to pump it through her avid lips, rubbing the
underside of his cock with the stiff tip of her tongue.  Don's comments become ever more
enthusiastic and then he starts to moan.

Finally Don groans "Bea, I am going to cum!" , withdraws his cock from her mouth, pushes
her down on her back - the girl immediately spreading wide her beautiful legs - and in one
movement pushes the full length of his cock into Bea's cunt hole.  When he draws it back,
starting to fuck her, it glistens with her cunt juices.  While Don fucks her, he at the same time
kneads her ample breasts and licks and sucks her nipples, now and then going up to her mouth
to kiss and french it for a few moments.  Bea is responding passionately meeting his cock
every time by pushing up her cunt, clasping him in her arms, moaning and finally crying
"OOOH I'm cumming.....  I'M CUMMINGGGG!" causing Don to cum also, groaning, and to
spurt his cum into his love's cunt hole, holding her tight and pushing his cock as far up as
possible.  

After lying a few moments with his cock inside her while kissing her all over her face, Don
relaxes his hold and finally rolls on his back beside her, his cock escaping from Bea's cunt
releasing a small torrent of cum and cunt juice from it.  

After some considerable time Bea turns to kiss him and says "Did you notice how your father
looked at me?"  

Don says "No, what do you mean?"  

"Well, he was very much attracted by my breasts, I'm sure he had remarked that I did not
wear a bra.  His look was positively lascivious!"  

Don is very surprised. "Bea, you are imagining things.  My father is one of the least sex
interested people on earth.  I even doubt if he ever fucks mom any more."  

"Don, you are completely wrong.  I'm sure that he would be glad to fuck me if he got the
occasion!"  

"You don't mean it."  

"Sure I do!  I would bet on it 100 to 1 that I am right"  

"Would you really bet on that? Yes? Ok, the bet is on!  I am sure to win it.  If you lose you'll
let me fuck you in your ass at last.  OK?"  

"Yes ok, I do not think my ass hole is in great danger!  But what if I win?"  

"Well, what would you want?."  

"Let me think......  Ah.. I have an idea.  If I win I want you to seduce Gaby and I want to see
you fuck her.  Ooh, wouldn't that be exciting, to see you fuck your own sister!  But you must
tell me when I can find your father alone at home."  

Don is surprised "Fuck Gaby...???  I'm sure she hasn't even fucked at all until now! But OK,
you are going to loose anyway, little sis' cherry is in no danger from me!"  

The pair is now so excited that they start fucking again with much enthusiasm.  


>> SEDUCING DAD  

Of course Bea was right, getting Don's dad to fuck her proves to be a cinch.  Which real man
could resist such a sexy girl.  

The next Saturday the weather is ideal, warm but not too warm, without a cloud in the air, just
a very slight breeze.  

Lex is alone at home.  He does not expect his wife Lisa back before 1 p.m. , Don's sister Gaby
is in a summer camp and Don told him that he will be away the whole day - in fact he and Bea
have agreed that he will return at about 11 a.m.  in order to find out if Bea has succeeded or
not.  

Bea arrives at the Young house at 9 a.m.  She is dressed very scantily in a short skirt and a
sleeveless blouse, no panties, no bra.  She finds Lex sitting very relaxed at a little table under
an awning with a view on the garden.  He is arranging photo prints.  Bea pretends to be
surprised that Don is absent.  She sits down on the armrest of his chair, puts her arm around
his neck and says "Are you very busy?" Then, bending down to look at one of the prints, thus
permitting Lex to look inside her blouse "Maybe I can help you?" Lex indeed profits from the
occasion to look inside Bea's blouse and is rewarded by the nice view of Bea's beautiful boobs. 
He reacts by starting to have a hard-on.  Bea sees this and immediately slides down to sit on
his knees, putting a hand on his cock and squeezing it lightly, saying "I believe that I excite
you.  You know I have always wondered what it would be to be made love to by you?"  

Lex has not had the time yet to say one word.  He is in fact astounded by her directness, but
being a very horny man he immediately profits from the situation by feeling up her leg.  

There he does not meet any panties but instead a hot pussy which makes him say "Oooh, you
 are a very naughty little girl" and he then puts his free arm around Bea and starts french
 kissing her.  

Bea then says "Don't you think we had better go inside?"  

Lex lifts her up and carries her inside.  His proposal to go to the bedroom meets with instant
approval, so he carries her up the stairs - she is light as a feather- and puts her down on the
large bed in the master bedroom.  

There Lex quickly removes Bea's few clothes and takes off his own, showing Bea a well
trained body and a very nice big hard cock.  Bea cannot resist the temptation and immediately
starts to suck it.  After a few minutes Lex rewards her by going down on her, telling her that
he relishes her fantastic odor and begins to lick up the juices that start to ooze from her slit.  
Then he enters her with his cock, a bit roughly, he is so excited by this girl, and fucks her like
mad while squeezing her beautiful boobs.  

Lex is well on his way to cumming when Lisa, coming back much earlier then foreseen, shows
in the door opening.  She had heard Lex's and Bea's moaning and grunting and for several
minutes stands there admiring the show.  Then she says " What the hell is going on here? My
God, Bea, you hot cunt, how dare you?  Is my son not enough for you?"  

Lex, very surprised, jumps away from little Bea, his glistening hard-on now balancing in the
air, an obvious sign of his frustration.  Bea sits up looking very upset.  

In reality Lisa is not mad at all but rather very excited to find her horny husband fucking that
hot little piece.  Bea sitting there naked with a red face makes a very nice picture.  Lisa
decides to profit from the occasion offered to her. She has had some nice experiences with
other women but never had one with such a delectable young little girl.  Lisa knows Bea's
parents very well, very strict people, and continues "I wonder what your parents will say when
I tell them what you were doing with the father of your friend."  

These words really frighten Bea.  She replies "Please Mrs Young don't tell them.  My father
would be terribly mad, I don't want to even think of what he would do to me.  Please.  I'll do
anything for you if you don't tell them."  

"This is the spirit!" Lisa thinks and, after an ominous pause, she asks "Really anything?"  

"Yes Mrs Young, anything! I'll do anything!".  

  

>> BEA'S PUNISHMENT  

"OK" says Lisa, "I won't tell them, but only if you accept to be punished by me instead of by
your father.  I'll tell you what your punishment will be.  As you are such a hot little girl, you
will have to show us just how hot you are, but not in quite the way you expected when you
came here." With these words, to Bea's great amazement,  Lisa starts to undress, and when
she is naked she goes and sits down on the bed facing Bea and says "Now little girl show us
your talents and suck my cunt and my clit until I have cum.  After that you may go"  

When Bea then says "Oh no, I have never done that, I couldn't", Lisa replies "Well there is a
first time for everything, also for licking slits and clits.  I am sure that a hot cunt like you will
learn very fast.  You do to me just what you like Don to do to you.  Go ahead Bea" , and she
lies down on her back putting a pillow under her buttocks and spreading her legs.  Lex, who
has not said a word during the interesting developments of the situation, retires to a corner of
the room, still a bit frustrated but very decided to at least not miss anything of the spectacle
that these girls are promising.  

Bea hesitates a few more seconds but seeing no escape she thinks "What the hell", goes down
on her knees between Lisa's legs and very timidly starts to lick Lisa's cunt, at first just with the
point of her tongue but then with more conviction.  To her amazement she not only doesn't
dislike the taste she meets there, she even likes it! It reminds her a bit of her own - she knows
her own taste well from sucking Don's cock after he has fucked her when she tries to make
it hard again -  but it is sweeter, less strong.  When Lisa then lifts her legs into the air Bea 
grasps Lisa's buttocks and begins to lap at her cunt even more vigorously.  Soon Lisa is
moaning and crying, which excites Lex in his corner so much that he jumps up, sticks his cock
into Bea's cunt from behind and starts to fuck her again.  Lex and Lisa cum at about the same
moment.  

When she can speak again Lisa, who has noticed that Bea obviously very much liked doing
what she did, says "Bea, you may call me Lisa.  You are really terrific.  I forgive you anything
you have done with Lex, I now understand that he could not resist fucking you.  You are such
a sweet hot little girl"  

Bea is very happy to hear this, she has indeed very much liked her 'punishment' even if she has
not cum herself and when Lisa says "I believe that you have not cum yourself.  Come here and
I will make you cum too", stretching out again on her back with her feet on the floor beside
the bed, voluptuously like an amorous cat, Bea is very happy to comply and takes the 69
position over Lisa.  Lisa immediately grasps her buttocks and starts to lick her cunt.  Finding
there the taste of Lex's cum together with Bea's redhead juice taste she cries "Oooh... how
nice!!!".  

Bea reciprocates by again licking Lisa's cunt.  Just when she switches to Lisa's clit, enters
Don!  Naked, his hard drooling cock standing up proudly.  

Don, entering the house at about 11 a.m. as planned, hearing a lot of very promising noises,
has rapidly gained the room where the noises came from, shedding his cloths on the way,
expecting to surprise his father with Bea.  Instead he finds Bea sucking his mother's cunt!
Flabbergasted, he halts in the door opening. He then sees also his father, who has retired to his
corner again.  Lex, seeing his son with this magnificent hard-on, then has a brilliant inspiration
and gestures to Don to go and fuck his mother.  

Don, seeing his mother's very wet cunt offered to him - in fact her juices are dripping down
from it - cannot resist this invitation, secretly he has always wanted to fuck her, she still has a
very beautiful sexy body.  Bea, just looking up from Lisa's cunt, sees Don approach with his
great hard-on and, with a naughty smile, she makes a little room for him so he can stick his
cock into Lisa.  She then continues to lick Lisa's super stiff clit.  Lisa feeling Don's cock enter
her cries out "Oooh Lex, that is nice!" and then continues to lick and suck Bea's cunt.  

Bea soon gets a tremendous orgasm and rolls off Lisa to lie on her back beside her.  Lex,
immediately seizing this opportunity, jumps up and goes to the bed,  puts his cock again into
Bea's cunt and starts to fuck her, soon spurting his cum into her once again.  Meanwhile Don
continues to fuck his mother who lies there, her eyes closed, now concentrated on reaching
orgasm again, Don helping her by rubbing her clit with his thumb.  When Don reaches his
orgasm, Lisa feeling his big load of sperm spurt into her hole, climaxes too, opening wide her
mouth and her eyes.  When she then sees that it is Don and not Lex who has fucked her, she
gets a second climax on top of the first, shrieking.  Don then falls down on his mother who
clasps him against her breasts and says panting "Oh God, that was great, Don, Don my
darling, I have always wanted this.  But how did this happen?"  

There then is a lot to tell and a lot to laugh about.  Don's parents profit from this occasion to
tell Don and Bea about their swap club.  John is very surprised, he did not have the slightest
idea that his parents were so horny.  

They continue to make love for a long time.  

So the snowball has started rolling.  It will become bigger and bigger.  


>> GABY'S INITIATION  

Don had not expected that he would really have to seduce his sister.  He has in fact never
considered her as a sexual object.  He had just always had a very good relationship with her,
even though, or perhaps because, she is four years younger than he.  So they have played
some sexy games when they were much younger, for example playing 'doctor', and they are 
not afraid to show themselves naked to each other, but for the last six or seven years they have 
not touched each other's genitals anymore and the idea to seduce Gaby has never come up in 
Don's head.  Now he is very excited about it.  

Gaby, now 14, is very different from Bea.  She is a charming, slender girl with beautiful long
blond hair; her breasts are not very much developed but the areolae on her breasts are large
and her nipples are quite big, so she really is a little woman already.  She looks a bit like
Goldie Hawn, the film star, which certainly is a nice compliment, and Don realizes that she is 
indeed a very sexy girl once he does not only see her as his sister..  

The day after Don lost his bet - and gained access to his mother's cunt - Don and Gaby are
alone at home.  Don knows that Gaby has no projects for this day and has decided that this
will already be "Gaby Day".  It is 9 a.m., and Don has asked Bea to come at 10 a.m., not only
to see if he has succeeded, but also, if possible, to complete Gaby's seduction and share her!  

Don goes to Gaby's room.  He is lucky, she is a bit late today and has just left the shower.  She
wears only a flimsy bath robe.  They go and sit on her bed for a bit of talking, to start with. 
They talk about boys.  Don asks Gaby "There is something I have never dared to ask you,
Gaby, have you already been fucked by a boy? I find the idea of my little sister being fucked
terribly exciting!" Gaby shakes her head, and he continues "But you sure have been petting a
lot already.  When I was 15 or 16 I did a lot of petting with girls of your age."  

"I wouldn't say a lot, but yes I have.  I like it very much when they kiss me while they feel my
tits; once a boy tried to feel me inside my panties, but I was afraid and did not let him
continue, although I really liked what he did."  

When Don then asks "Did you not even let a boy kiss your titties?" and Gaby again shakes her
head, Don says "You don't know what you have been missing! Come here" and, entering his
hand into her bath robe he feels her titties and softly pushes Gaby down on her back.  Gaby
exclaims "Don!" but she lets him have his way.  Don then opens her bath robe and begins to
kiss and then suck Gaby's nice big nipples that immediately have hardened.  Gaby first wants
to push him away but what Don does to her feels so nice that she soon shuts her eyes and
enjoys, saying only "Oh Don we shouldn't do this!".  Don then opens Gaby's bath robe
completely.  He sees that her blond bush has increased considerably in size since the last time
he has seen it.  Don now begins to softly stroke his sister's beautiful little body descending
until he strokes her pussy and her legs just below.  

Gaby very much likes what Don is doing to her but now she opens her eyes and says, panting,
"OOh Don it is so nice, but let's stop now, what would mommy and daddy say if they knew
this."  

Don replies "I also like it very much and we are doing no harm, nobody will ever know about
it anyway" and goes on with what he did.  Gaby only wants to be convinced to continue, as
she likes it so much and now even opens her legs so that Don can start to softly stroke her slit. 
He then slips down and starts to rub her slit with his tongue pushing it inside, while continuing
to stroke and softly knead her breasts and nipples.  Gaby begins to moan softly, becoming ever
more excited by what her big brother is doing to her and not being able any more to make him
stop.  

When Don notices that Gaby's cunt becomes wetter and wetter, he stops what he is doing and
says "Gaby, I would like so very much that you masturbate me also a bit, you know what that
is don't you?" Gaby is a little disappointed that Don stops just when the feeling was becoming
overwhelming but she understands that Don's request is only fair and moreover, the thought
of masturbating her brother is very exciting too.  Gaby knows more or less what Don expects
of her, but she has never done it, and she says so to Don.  He says "I'll show you", removes
his clothes and shows her his stiff cock, asking her to softly rub it.  Gaby first is not very good
at it but she learns fast and soon Don contentedly says "Oooh Gaby, this is very nice, can you
now also suck me a little?" Gaby hesitates, but she is so horny, Don having continued to rub
her tits and having started to stroke her buttocks, now and then letting a finger stroke her ass
hole, so she lets her brother show her what to do, "Just softly suck it like a lollipop" , and
starts to cautiously suck her brother's cock.  

Gaby has a natural talent for cock sucking, and his cock feels so nice in her warm little mouth
that Don feels that he will not be able to let her continue without cumming.  So he says "Now
it is your turn again", pushes her on her back again and now starts to suck her cunt and then
her clit in earnest, little Gaby, he eyes closed, moaning "OOH Yes OOHH YESSSS." She
does not realize that at a certain moment Don starts to rub her cunt using his cock, until he 
begins to push it into her cunt hole.  

At this exact moment Bea arrives.  She stays in the door opening to enjoy the scene.  Gaby
and Don do not notice her.  

Gaby knows very well what Don is doing and it terribly excites her.  She even cries "Yes
Don....    Yes Fuck me!"  

Don then really starts to fuck Gaby, pushing his cock inside her deeper and deeper until he
feels the obstruction of her hymen.  He then says "This will hurt a little, Gaby".  Gaby knows
what he means, she is not afraid, she is so excited, and when he pushes through the
obstruction, she meets his thrust with a little cry.  Then she says "Oh Don you are all inside, it
feels so good, my hole feels so full!" After a few more thrusts Don cums crying "Oh darling, 
Gaby, I am cumming.  I am cumming inside you!" and Gaby hugs him.  She loves him so much
now.  They stay motionless for a long time savoring their being united like this.  At last Don
pulls his cock out of his sister's cunt, there is not much blood.  

Then Gaby and Don see Bea who is now entering the room.  If Gaby is a moment afraid of
how Bea will react to Don's fucking her, his sister, her mind is immediately set at rest when
Bea goes to her, takes her in her arms and says "Oh Gaby, I never saw Don fuck another girl
but it was so beautiful and exciting, and you even his sister!  I am so happy for you both!" and
then kisses and hugs her.  Then she says "If ever you both want to fuck again, please do!" but
adds, laughing, "But not too often, I love Don very much too!" and then she goes to Don and
they give each other a lot of kisses.  

Finally Bea says "But I think that Gaby has not cum yet, so let me finish what Don has
started?" and she returns to Gaby, puts her on her back again, profiting from the occasion to
give her a few kisses on her mouth, quickly entering her slender tongue, and then to kiss her
little breasts, sucking just for a few seconds those delicious nipples.  Then Bea pushes Gaby's 
legs up so that her cunt lies open before her and she begins to kiss and suck it, paying special
attention to her clit.  Gaby is at first very surprised, do also girls lick cunts? But then she says,
stroking Bea's hair "Ooh Bea, it is even better than with Don, yes go on!" and after a few
minutes she has a terrific orgasm while Bea bores her pointed little tongue as far as possible
into Gaby's super wet love tunnel.  

Later that morning Don finally also fucks Bea, Gaby looking on while lovingly stroking Bea's
breasts.  They agree that they will repeat their threesome now and then, but first Gaby must be
on the pill.  Thanks to their parent's contacts she will get it easily.
  

>> GABY JOINS THE FUCKING FAMILY  

Now the snowball has gotten momentum and becomes bigger and bigger; nothing can stop it
any more.  

Don already having fucked his mother is not afraid to tell Lex and Lisa that he has now also
fucked his little sister.  They are very excited to hear this and they ask him if he thinks that she
would also let her father fuck her.  Lex and Lisa have often fantasized about Lex fucking his
little daughter and are very excited at the prospect.  

When Don talks about this with Gaby she at first thinks he is pulling her leg and when she
understands he is not, she is very surprised.  But when Don tells her that he has already fucked
her mother, the more she thinks about it, the idea to be fucked by her father becomes more
tempting.  Finally they decide to offer her cunt as a present to her father at his next birthday,
which happens to be the next Saturday.  

Of course Lisa is asked to participate in the plotting and so, when the day arrives, Lisa asks
her husband to return to his bed after he has taken his shower, saying "We have a surprise for
you, a special present for which you must be naked in bed."  She leaves and comes back in the
company of Don and Gaby.   All three are naked and Gaby jumps in Lex's bed crying, "Happy
birthday daddy and I am the present.  You can do with me what you want!"  

Lex is delighted when he understands that Gaby has come to offer herself to him.  He receives
his 14 year old daughter with wide open arms.  His cock is already standing quite stiff.  Also
Lisa and Don join them on the bed and it excites Gaby very much to see her mother start to
suck Don's cock.  She immediately follows this good example, crouches before her father,
grasps his cock, takes it in her mouth, pushes down on it as far as possible and then starts to
mouth fuck it.  Don, seeing that his little sister's cunt is unoccupied lies down on his back with
his mouth under her cunt and begins to lick it, thus preparing it for the fucking she will get in
a few minutes.  His mother seeing that his cock is still standing stiff in the air resumes sucking
it.  Now all four are very busy!  

Lex soon is panting from the delightful feelings his little daughter's soft mouth and tongue are
procuring him.  Already the idea that it is his own daughter who does this is terribly exciting. 
Lex softly strokes Gaby's hair, neck and shoulders moaning "Oh my darling.....    Oh my
darling....  I have so often dreamed about this." Very soon he says "Darling, darling, please
stop, I want to cum in your nice little fuck hole.  

Obediently, Gaby releases his cock and turns onto her back, freeing Don to fuck his mother.  
In a flash Lex is between Gaby's legs and pushes them up and introduces his big cock into her
beautiful little cunt until he reaches bottom.  When Gaby feels her father's cock enter her she
cries "OOOHH Daddy you are big.....   Ooh nice.....  nice....!" and when Lex starts to fuck her
slowly she immediately starts to move with him, meeting each of his pushes.  Lex, starts to
also stroke her little breasts and especially her sensitive nipples.  After a few minutes he says
"My darling little girl, you are a natural for fucking.  You are so delightful!" When he then
cums inside of her, he goes down to finish her off by sucking her clit.  She cums within a
minute crying "Daddy Daddy I love you!"  

When Lisa sees her little daughter lying there panting with her emotions, a defenseless little
blond girl of 14, her legs still spread wide, her wet, cum leaking cunt wide open, she MUST
take her in her arms and kiss her on her mouth entering her tongue while she caresses her soft
little breasts.  Then she sucks her nipples for a moment and then goes down on her little cunt
to kiss it and to fuck Gaby using her tongue.  Gaby becomes very excited again, and when her
mother then even starts to suck her clit she has a new orgasm, Lisa licking up her cum juice,
mixed Lex's remaining cum.  

Lisa, Lex and Don continue to hug and kiss little Gaby for a long time.  

The snowball cannot be stopped any more, and it is still growing in size.  


>> MORE INITIATIONS  

Lisa's best friend, already since college, is May Snamford.  Lisa's and May's children, who
have about the same age, are also good friends.  

When Lisa visits her friend May for the first time after her new sexual experiences, she says
"You will never believe what happened during the last two weeks.  Since the last time we saw
each other I have started to have sex with Don and Gaby, Don has fucked me and I have given
Gaby an orgasm sucking her cunt."  

May is consternated and says "My God, Lisa, how could you? I know we are hot ladies, but
with your own children!"  

And Lisa says "I can assure you May, that we all, my children and I, have loved every minute
of it.  Did you never do anything with your Mike or Miriam? But you must at least sometimes
have thought about it! I am sure you and your children would also like it, after all they are
already 15 and 13, you must really find out before they are too old."  

May is still a bit upset, but also envious, and she wants to know all the details about Lisa's
incest activities.  The more she hears, the more excited she becomes and finally she says "You
are right, I have never wanted to admit it, even to myself, but the idea of having sex with my
children excites me terribly, I am very tempted to try it also.  I know that Miriam in any case is
very interested in sex, I already found her masturbating once when she was only 7 and recently
I found a banana in her bed that certainly was not there to be eaten, so probably she is not
even a virgin any more, at least physically.  But how can I find out if they would be interested,
 and, if so, how get them to really have sex with me?" I don't want to risk losing the love and
esteem of my children.  Lisa then promises to help her to introduce her children to family sex. 
For that she calls the help of Gaby, who then invites Miriam for a sleep-over.  

At the occasion of this sleep-over Gaby invites Miriam to come into her bed to chat a bit
before going to sleep and then, after discussing boys in general, she out of the blue asks 
"Miriam, have you already done it?"  

Miriam understands very well what Gaby means, but she asks "Done what?"  

Gaby then goes on "Well, you told me once that you rub your clit now and then, because it
feels so good, but did you ever let somebody else do it, or even fuck you?"  

Miriam says "No" but adds "Did you?"  

And then Gaby says "Yes, and it is terrific.  To masturbate is great, but if somebody else does
it to you it is at least ten times as good.  Let me do it with you, then you will see." And Gaby
pushes away the sheets and starts to softly caress Miriam's already fairly ample breasts, while
she kisses her face and says "Just let me do."  

Although Miriam is only 13 she is, as her mother has said, a very hot little girl.  She very much
likes what Gaby does to her and even hitches up the blouse of her pajamas so that Gaby now
rubs her naked breasts and nipples.  Gaby, noticing how horny Miriam already is and after
softly kissing Miriam's breasts says "Lets go stitchless" and she quickly removes her pajamas.  
Miriam follows her example.  But instead of continuing to caress or kiss Miriam's breasts,
Gaby slithers down between Miriam's legs, cups her buttocks in her hands and starts to kiss,
first her flat stomach, and then the inside of her thighs, inevitably ending up kissing her pussy. 
Miriam is really delighted and reacts by spreading wide her legs, thus opening the labia of her
cunt.  Immediately Gaby attacks this nice target licking the inside of Miriam's slit and then
pushing her long pointed tongue into her cunt hole.  Then coming back licking through
Miriam's slit she first licks and then sucks her clit, with one finger pushing up its hood for
better contact.  Miriam is now moaning loudly, her moans interspersed with high pitched little
shrieks.  

At this moment Don comes in, he has been playing the voyeur and thought "Now or never". 
Don wears only a pair of shorts.  Gaby looks up with a big grin on her face but Miriam is
very confused and sits up hunched, trying to hide as much as possible of her nakedness.  
Don, however, acts as if he is only  interested in his little sister and sits down next
to her, immediately beginning to stroke her back with one hand while his other hand
disappears between her legs saying "I believe that my little sister is very naughty, and she is
already very wet down there.  I have seen what you both were doing and you have made me
very horny, look!" And Don rapidly takes of his shorts and shows a magnificent hard-on.  Don
then says "This is your fault Sis, now you must bear the consequences."  

To Miriam's great amazement Gaby then says "Ooh I like that Don.  Look Miriam, this is even
nicer than being masturbated." And she lies down on her back, her legs wide, showing the red
inside of her wet cunt.  Don does not hesitate one second to take advantage of this situation
and pushes his cock inside, to the hilt.  Then he starts to fuck her, but after a few moments he
says to Miriam "Come here, Miriam, caress her boobs, she likes very much when you do that
while I fuck her." Miriam hesitates a little but she is so excited to see her friend being fucked
by her own brother that she soon is contributing very effectively to making Gaby cum.  When
Don cries "I am cumming!" Gaby starts to rub her clit with a very rapid movement and the
two lovers cum about simultaneously, both making a lot of noise.  Don then collapses on top
of his little sister, but soon he rolls off her, his gleaming wet cock still a little stiff.  Miriam is
very much aroused by all this.  

Gaby bends down on Don's cock and takes it in her mouth to clean it.  Then she looks up to
Miriam and says "Have you ever had a cock in your mouth? This is the occasion! Come on,
don't be afraid, Don likes it!"  

And Miriam really comes, shyly grasps Don's cock and then bends to take it in her mouth. 
After a few moments she looks up and says, sounding amazed, "I like that!".  Gaby and Don
then show her how to really suck Don's cock.  She learns fast and Don's cock quickly becomes
very hard again.  Finally Don says "OOH Miriam you are terrific, but if you continue like that I
am going to cum in your mouth.  Let me fuck you!" And Gaby says "Yes Don, fuck Miriam!"  

Together they put Miriam on her back, and Miriam blushes when Gaby says "You will see that
this is much better than with a banana!"  Thanks to all the bananas and cucumbers that Miriam
has used in the past, Don enters her cunt easily in one stroke, drawing a sigh of satisfaction
from the young girl.  It does not take him long to cum again in this nice new cunt and so
Miriam has not reached her orgasm yet when he has finished.  So Gaby and Don see to that
together, Gaby sucking Miriam's cunt and clit, at the same time cleaning out Don's cum,
Miriam lying with her head on Don's shoulder while he softly caresses her body and especially
her tits, now and then giving a little pinch to her nipples.  

Afterwards Miriam says "But how can you two fuck, you are brother and sister.  That is
incest!" and Gaby replies "That is just taboo nonsense.  There is no reason why we shouldn't
fuck, we like it both very much and our parents know about it.  You must really try to get
Mike fuck you too.  I know he loves you and you will see how much you both will like it."  

Miriam says "Yes, looking at you two being so happy fucking, I think you are right, but how
could I ever get him to fuck me?"  Gaby then comes with a plan to get Mike to fuck his little
sister.  

According to that plan a few days later Gaby is invited by Miriam for a return sleep-over.  
Mike of course knows about this and Miriam has suggested Mike to come and spend some
time with Gaby before they go to sleep and he likes that idea very much.  When he arrives in
Miriam's room a big deception awaits Mike, however, Gaby has her period - she says.  But 
Gaby also says "But Mike, if you want I can still suck your cock, I would like that very much.  
I am sure that Miriam won't mind, she might even like to assist me! At least, I like very much
to suck Don's cock!" This statement of course needs to be explained to Mike, whose
excitement increases very much when he hears what Don and Gaby do together.  The result is
that not only Gaby sucks Mike's cock but after her also his little sister Miriam.  While Miriam
is busy sucking, Mike strokes her neck and shoulders and says "Oh Miriam, my darling little
sister, we must do this more often.  You are wonderful."  

When the girls realize that he is on the brink of cumming, Gaby says "Mike darling I am so
sorry that you cannot fuck me, but I would not mind if you fuck Miriam instead.  I know that
she would very much like that.  After all she has already sucked your cock." And Miriam
shows how available she is by lying down on her back with her legs spread wide, and says
"YES.... YES.... come Mike.  Forget that I am your sister.  It will be great to feel your cock
inside me." And Mike enters his sister's cunt and starts to fuck her while Gaby softly strokes
his balls and his ass from behind.  Mike very quickly cums inside his little sis, leaving it to
Gaby to then suck her clit and lick her slit until she also cums.  Gaby then says "I am so happy
for you both."  

Mike says "This was a tremendous fuck.  In fact I did not forget that I was fucking my sister,
it made it even more exciting!"  

From then on Mike often joins Miriam in bed to fuck her.  And when Gaby is again invited for
a sleep-over Mike fucks both girls and feels like a pasha.  

Gaby of course tells her mother that Mike now fucks his sister so that it should not be too
difficult to get Mike to fuck also his mother.  May is informed of this and one night she
‘surprises' Mike and Miriam together in bed, and not sleeping!  

The two think that their parents are on a visit and do not expect them home for many hours,
so they are very annoyed when their mother enters the room while they are fucking so nicely. 
May says "Mike!  You are fucking your sister!  What do you think will happen if I tell your
father?  And I MUST tell him!".  

May the stands there for a few moments without saying anything, looking at her children,
Mike displaying a wet and still hard cock and Miriam sitting there with a wet cunt.  Then she
says "I love you both very much and I see only one solution and that is that you let me
participate".  And to her children's great surprise she takes off her kimono, her only garment,
sits down beside them and, grasping Mike's still somewhat stiff cock, begins to rub it and says
"Let me make it hard again and then fuck me Mike"  

And Mike cannot do else then obey, and he likes it, his mother is a very beautiful sexy woman! 
When Mike finally is exhausted from fucking both his mother and his sister, he is offered the
spectacle of Miriam and May satisfying each other for a considerable time.  From then on,
when Pete Snamford is away, they often have merry threesomes.  

One day May finds the courage to tell her husband Pete that Mike fucks Miriam.  At first he
is rather mad but May succeeds in making him understand that no harm is done - in fact isn't
it preferable to let Mike now and then fuck Miriam nicely at home, instead of letting some
unknown boy do it on the back seat of a car? And when May then tells him that Miriam would
certainly like to be fucked by him, her dad, too, he even lets May organize a threesome with
her and Miriam.  

When Pete at that occasion arrives in Miriam's room, naked and already with a big stiff, he
finds May and Miriam also naked and already busy, May preparing little 13 year old Miriam
for the first fuck by her father, licking her little cunt.  Miriam lies on her back on her bed,
with her feet on the floor, so her cunt is easily available.  May makes room for her husband
and says "Come on Pete, before you fuck little Miriam you really must taste her cunt, you will
find that it is very much different from mine but also very nice."  

When Miriam sees her big hairy father with an enormous hard-on she says "Oh Daddy please
kiss my cunt, I want to feel your mouth and your tongue" and she spreads her legs still wider.  
 

For Pete the view of his little daughter offered to him like that is terribly exciting.  Her cunt is
already dripping from May's licking and when Pete kisses her cunt and then immediately puts
his tongue into her hole, Miriam cries out "OOOOHHH YES Oh Daddy Oh Daddy!" and after
some time she says "Now please fuck me, please fuck me."  

Pete then pushes his big cock into Miriam's narrow fuck hole, without any difficulty, it is so
ready for him! And then he starts to fuck his little daughter while his wife cheers him crying
"Yes FUCK HER Pete, FUCK HER".  

Miriam is delighted to feel her father's big cock enter her, it fills her so terribly nice and she is
also delighted to see how it comes out of her cunt each time glistening with her juices to each
time disappear again completely.  

Pete cums with a loud groan.  When he finally draws back his cock a stream of cum and cunt
juice leaves Miriam's cunt and May hastens to lick up as much as possible of it.  She then
continues licking until Miriam cums once more calling out her happiness.  

The three continue their love games for a considerable time.  Pete is very much aroused when
his little daughter sucks his cock while his wife kisses and sucks his nipples.  Pete finds it also
very exciting to see Miriam and May satisfy each other.  

When May one day soon confesses that Mike also fucks her, Pete is very surprised but not
upset; he indeed immediately proposes to have a family sex foursome as soon as possible.  He
wants to see his son fuck his wife and his daughter!  

And indeed this foursome is a great adventure for all of them.  For Pete it is a great experience
to fuck his wife and his daughter while the others are looking on and also to see his son fuck
his little daughter and his wife.  Afterwards he says to May  "God, I love you May.  You were
so right.  This is really great.  We must do this more often!"  

Later May thanks Lisa for her help.  The story of the sexual activities in the Young family
excites the two ladies so much that they end up having a particularly rewarding 69.  And they
immediately make plans to organize a great joint family sex meeting where also Bea is invited. 
This meeting, where every male can fuck any female is a great success.  Pete and Lex enjoy
very much swapping wives for the first time, under the eyes of their children and also to fuck
their wife or daughter from behind while she is sucking cock or licking cunt..   


>> A PARTY  

Lex and Lisa are not very active members of their swap club but they like it to go there now
and then, more or less just to meet people.  At one of these visits a member asks Lex if he is
interested to participate in a party he organizes where a few men will go only accompanied by
their young daughters, maximum age 15!  Lex, encouraged by Lisa, accepts in principle and
later Gaby immediately is very excited about the prospect of fucking with a few friends of her
father and probably also to have some sex games with the other girls. Gaby's sexual appetite is
enormous since she has such nice experiences with Don and her parents.  

The party is held at the house of one of the participants, Andrew.  He has prepared a room
specially for this occasion with lots of space, an agreeable temperature, subdued light, but no
music, any sounds will be generated by the participants.  The persons present are:  

- Andrew and Lea 13  
- Lex and Gaby 14  
- Bob and Sarah 12  
- Chris and Lili 10!  

The men are between 35 and 40.  

Men and girls are invited to undress on arrival, they all have not much on anyway.  The men
are very excited to see these young girls, looking so innocent with their smooth skin, their
slender legs, their flat stomachs, hardly any boobs or sex hair or even none at all, and
nevertheless all so eager to seek pleasure from their little cunts and to give pleasure to the men
and to each other.  

Andrew asks the girls to go and kiss all the men other than their father and so make
acquaintance.  In fact most of them never met these men.  So they go around, still a little shy,
but they receive a lot of kisses and the men profit from the occasion, feeling and kneading
their fat little behinds and surreptitiously sliding a finger between their legs to steal a first feel
of their little cunts.  The girls are delighted.  

Then Andrew asks the girls to lie down on a bed in a row, one next to the other, and to permit
the gentlemen to make acquaintance with their little cunts, by kissing them.  The girls comply,
with a lot of banter and laughing.  It is a tremendous sight these little girls with their legs held
high and wide so that their little cunts are now open to the gentlemen's inspection.  The men
get one minute for each cunt and do a lot of kissing and one or two also quickly insert their
tongue in each pussy, as far as possible, getting a lot of favorable reactions.  

At the end of this episode the girls are all very wet already and the men are delighted with the
flavor of the young girl's pussies, all different and all delectable, and it is no wonder that they
are all showing an impressive hard-on.  Now the 'serious' activities begin.  

The men are very surprised to see how young Chris' daughter Lili is, only 10!  They decide
that first each man will fuck his own daughter and of course Chris must start the show with
Lili.  Chris, an athletic blond man, lifts up his daughter, who looks up to him with a big loving
smile and puts her on a bed in the center of the room; the others sit down around it with their
daughters in their arms.  

Lili is a charming blond little girl, just a little plump, very much a child still, although showing
little mounds on her breast on the way to become her boobs.  She is just a little bit nervous -
she has never been fucked in the presence of such a large audience, at most in the presence of
her mother or a brother or uncle - but when her father starts to suck her already hard nipples
and when he introduces a hand between her legs she immediately opens them, showing her
nice plump labia.  

The view so excites the other men that they all start to fondle their girls while continuing to
look at what Chris is doing to his daughter.  

Chris goes down on Lili's cunt and starts to lick it.  Lili then spreads her legs so wide that the
whole inside of her cunt can be seen.  Her cunt hole is clearly visible; it oozes a viscous
strongly perfumed liquid.  Where her little labia meet, a surprisingly big clit raises its head. 
When Chris pushes up its hood and commences to lick the stiff red clit Lili cries "OOH...  
OOOH... Daddy  yes... Daddy OOH...!" and then, closing her eyes, starts to moan
uncontrollably.  When Chris stops his licking she knows what is expected of her, they have
often done this, already since she was only 8 years old.  Her daddy has lain down on his back
and she quickly takes his big stiff cock in her mouth - she is even deep throating it! - and starts
to fuck it using her mouth, her tongue and her throat.  After some minutes Chris frees is
cock from daughter's mouth, pushes her down roughly and in one stroke entering his cock to
the hilt into her slick love hole, starts to fuck her while rubbing her clit with a thumb. 
It is a fantastic sight this blond athlete fucking his little 10 years old girl, his big cock coming
out of her little cunt each time glistening with her copious juices, the girl moaning at a high
pitch from the pleasure she is experiencing.  After only a few minutes of fucking Chris cums
already, groaning loudly.  Feeling his cum gushing inside her, Lili also cums, giving a few very
high pitched little cries.  

Their fucking has so excited the others that now each of the other men has started to fuck his
own little daughter, and after some time there are a lot of moans, wails, shrieks, cries and
groans as a result of all the fucking and cumming that goes on.  

Little Gaby has very much liked to be fucked by her father, but she still is very horny and she
is very glad when her father tells her that she is now going to be fucked by all the other men. 
She is now fucked, one after the other, by Bob with his big long black cock, by athletic blond
Chris and by Andrew with his short but very thick cock.  They are all very excited to fuck this
slender very hot little girl.  She loves every minute of it.  

The other girls also are fucked continuously.  The men are not only very excited to fuck all
these nice little girls but also to see their daughters being fucked by the others.  

Then all kinds of fantasies are enacted.  For example a man doggy fucks his little daughter
while she is sucking cock or he fucks her in her mouth sitting above her breast while she is
being fucked in her cunt by another father.  

Bob even fucks his little daughter in her ass hole.  It is great to see his long black cock
disappear between her fat little buttocks and to hear her shriek with her excitement.  When
Bob cums while holding Sarah by her haunches he roars like a bull and she has a look of utter
satisfaction on her face.  When Bob pulls back his cock, a big white blob of cum is pushed out
from Sarah's ass hole between her beautiful brown little buttocks, an unforgettable sight.  

Then Lex and Gaby use Lea to simultaneously get their climax, Gaby riding her cunt on Lea's
mouth while Lex fucks Lea.  Lex is very much excited looking at Gaby's face that has an
expression of utter concentration while she masturbates by wildly rubbing her clit against Lea's
mouth and tongue.  When Gaby starts to climax, Lex immediately cums also.  He then licks his
cum and her juices out of Lea's cunt until she also climaxes.  

The little girls are insatiable, so when the men need a little rest they push the girls to entertain
each other.  For example they ask Gaby to lie on her back and Lili to make love to her, kissing
her on her mouth while using her little tongue, kissing and kneading Gaby's nice breasts and
tickling her nipples with her tongue and suck them.  Lilly likes very much doing this, the men
see that her little cunt becomes quite wet and even more so when she starts to lick Gaby's cunt
and suck her clit.  It is quite a sight to see these little girls enjoy themselves.  Lilly is very
proud and happy when she finally gives Gaby a nice climax and her father then hugs her telling
her that she is a great lover.  

When the men are exhausted and saturated with pleasure the visitors depart after a lot of
goodbye hugs and kisses.  

Little Gaby when she arrives home is already sleeping and Lex carries her upstairs and puts her
into her bed.  When Lex and Lisa kiss her goodnight, she murmurs "Daddy I love you I love
you".  


>> DON'S NIECE  

After having found out how nice it was to fuck his little sister, Don looks at little girls with
changed eyes.  So, when his niece Samantha comes to stay for some time with the family
Young, he immediately starts to make plans to seduce her.  Samantha is a lively 12 year old
girl with a very beautiful peach quality complexion and remarkably beautiful, long wavy light
brown hair. She looks like a young Liz Taylor, just starting to get her womanly shape.  

Don asks Gaby and Bea to help him seduce Sam and the girls immediately accept, excited by
the idea, also because they expect they also will have a lot of pleasure with Sam, once she will
be converted to sex games.   

So one afternoon when Gaby and Bea are alone with her they have the following discussion
with Sam.  The girls have just been trying on swimming suits and now are naked or nearly so.  

Gaby: "You are starting to have nice little boobs.  Have you already let a boy feel and kiss
them?  Bea and I like that very much, we often let them."  

Sam: "Oh, they now and then feel them when we are kissing, but I am always a little bit afraid
of what they might do to me."  

Bea: "Did you ever pet with a girl friend?  You know, that is also very nice and you need not
be afraid with a girl.  Let me show you what I mean.  Just say when."  

And Bea, without further ado starts to fondle Sam, very soon assisted by Gaby.  At first they
just softly stroke Sam's budding tits but soon they are kissing her at well chosen spots.  At
first Sam is rather taken aback and wants to resist, but soon she lets the girls do what they
want and they are sucking her nipples while a hand finds its way between her legs and then a
finger enters her slit.  Gaby then asks  her "You certainly rub your clit now and then." and
when Sam nods "Yes" Gaby says "You will see that it is much nicer if somebody else
masturbates you, while for example stroking your nipples or finger fucking you."  And soon
Sam is moaning loudly while Gaby softly rubs her clit, cautiously finger fucking her and while
Bea sucks her nipples.  Finally Sam even climaxes.  When she can speak again Sam says "That
was tremendous.  I never felt like that."  And being a nice, well brought up girl she asks "You
want me to do something for you now?"  

So the three girls now have many petting sessions during which they all often cum several
times.  At one of these sessions,  Don comes in.  Bea and Gaby already have told Sam how
nice it is to be fucked and they tell her that now is the occasion to try - she expects her period
in a day or two .  

Sam is tempted but still a little afraid, so the girls ask her if she has ever seen a stiff cock.  She
hasn't, so Don takes off his shorts and shows Sam his cock, beautifully stiff already.  He then
asks Sam to feel it, which she does after some hesitation.  Then Don takes Sam in his arms and
starts to fondle her; she then lets him lick her cunt and her clit.  Her slit becomes very wet. 
When Don asks Sam to lick his cock a bit she sees that it starts to produce some pre-cum. 
They explain to her that that means that Don really would like to fuck her.  Again after some
hesitation she then lies down on her back and after Don has licked her cunt some more he
starts to push in his cock while Bea and Gaby kiss her and stroke her tits, encouraging her to
continue: it may hurt some at first but it is well worth it.  So Sam, who now is panting from
excitement lets Don push in his cock and when she feels the hurt she pushes up her quim with
vigor so that he is fully inside her, the girls crying "Yes, Yes, go on" and then "Yesss, you did
it!"  

After having let Sam get acquainted a little to feeling his cock in her vagina, Don starts to
really fuck her.  The girls help by rubbing Sam's clit and nipples.  So soon Don climaxes inside
Sam who then also cums with a loud cry.  While Don and Sam recuperate Bea and Gaby bring
each other to a nice climax in a 69.   

They tell Samantha that she now must see to it to get the pill.  That will be no problem.   

When Lisa and Lex hear how Bea and Don have introduced little Sam to fucking they realize
that their family is a real gold mine for the delights of sex.  Already thinking about all the
pleasure they can have with their in-laws and all the little nephews and nieces , makes them
have a tremendous sex session together and soon they have one together with Bea, Gaby, Don
and little Sam.  Sam is very  proud when Lex tells her how nice she is to fuck.  She wonders
how it would be to be fucked by her father.  

                                                        --------  
 
The snowball has caused an avalanche that is still advancing, but this avalanche spreads
happiness, not destruction.  

   

                                                      THE END  

         and they all lived a long and happy life without shame or guilt      
              the young ones having many happy children  

 














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....