The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.








                            DISCOVERING SEX
                            (Author Unknown)

                               Part 1.

    Today was my birthday. I just turned 13. We had a great birthday party
 and I got a lot of presents, including a new two piece swim suit. I loved
 the way all the boys at the party looked at me when we were swimming. I
 think they like my long, smooth legs.

    Before going to bed tonight I took a long hot shower. After drying off
 I stand in front of the mirror looking at my body. My breasts are small,
 just starting to grow. They're a little sore to touch right now but Daddy
 says that will go away. I touch my nipples making them stand up. It feels
 good to touch them. They get so hard! And are so pink!

    I look down between my legs where hair is starting to grow, nice and
 red like the hair on my head. I spread my legs apart, looking at my
 private parts. I wonder what it would feel like to have a man's cock in
 there as my fingers spreads my slit open. They taught us all about
 intercourse in school but I can't imagine what it would feel like. I
 think my pussy hair looks nice, long straight strands just along the
 opening. I stick my finger between my cunny lips, feel myself. I find
 that special place that feels so good.

    My 15 year old brother Billy knocks at the door, needing to go. I slip
 my panties and T-shirt on, rub my nipples again getting them real hard,
 open the door. He looks so funny when he sees me dressed like this! His
 eyes bulge out looking at my little tits, my nipples visible through the
 shirt. I know he looks at my ass as I walk down the hall.

    In my bedroom I close the door, get under the covers. My hand cups my
 pussy again, rubbing it. I get my panties off, rub my slit more. My other
 hand rubs my erect nipples. Mmmmmmm, that feels good. I spread my legs,
 touch my thighs, then find that special spot again. I think it's my
 clitoris but I'm not sure. It feels REAL good as I rub it.

    I'm panting, gasping as I play with my pussy. I can't stick my finger
 up inside because it hurts, but massaging the outside is great fun! Oh
 boy! I feel it, it's so good! It feels like electricity is running all
 over me! Ohhhhhhh, I like that! My nipples tingle, my body shudders.
 Ummmmm, boy that's great! I like masturbating. My pussy gets wet and
 feels like it's on fire!

    I didn't know about masturbating until my friend Sherry showed me how
 to do it. Sherry is a year older than me, her breasts much bigger
 already. One day we were changing to swim when no one else was home. I
 was staring at her pussy hair. Mine didn't have hair there then. She
 smiled at me and asked me if I ever played with myself. I told her I
 didn't know what that was, so she showed me, sticking her hand between
 her legs and rubbing herself. She almost collapsed when she orgasmed. (I
 think that's what she called it.) Then she hugged me. It felt good with
 her breasts pressed against me.

    She asked me if I wanted her to show me how to do it. I said yes. We
 went back to my bedroom and I laid down on the bed. Sherry pushed my legs
 apart. Gosh! When her hand first touched my pussy I thought I'd die! It
 felt so good! Her fingers rubbed in my slit, and when they touched my
 clit I thought I'd explode! She rubbed it until I DID explode, just like
 she had!

    After she asked me to suck her tits. She has real pretty breasts so I
 did. Her nipples felt nice in my mouth. She put my hand between her legs
 and I felt her pussy. It was hot and real wet, just like mine gets. I
 rubbed her too until she exploded again. Then we just laid there
 together, touching each other all over. I really liked her buttocks, so
 soft to feel. Mine's kinda flat, not so round like hers, but she told me
 she liked it too. We forgot all about swimming.

    A week later we got in bed together again. This time she really
 surprised me! She spread my legs apart then started LICKING my pussy! I
 thought that was gross until her tongue licked over my clit. Then I went
 wild! I grabbed her head and pushed her mouth onto my cunt even more! I
 couldn't BELIEVE how good it felt as she licked me all over!

    She made me cum two or three times that day. Then I licked her pussy
 for her. It tasted kinda funny at first but I got to like it, kinda
 tingly. She smelled nice though. I licked her between her legs until she
 exploded too. Then I laid next to her, feeling her breasts with my hands.

                            DISCOVERING SEX
                            (Author Unknown)

                               Part 2.

 I sucked them again, too. When she sucked my nipples it felt real nice.
 We've had sex together a lot since then. I wish Sherry was here tonight
 to lick my pussy for me.

    Sherry brought her little sister over one day with her. Cindy is a
 year younger than me, and real pretty. We all went to my room and
 undressed. I really liked Cindy's flat chest. It was so smooth! She has
 tiny little nipples that get real hard. And her legs! Oh, they were nice!
 When she spread them for me I thought I'd die! Her little cunny was flat
 too, and no hair yet, not even any fuzz! Sherry spread her sister's pussy
 lips open and showed me her cherry. It looked so sweet, pink and
 glistening. I licked Cindy's pussy for her until she exploded, then I
 licked Sherry's. Then Cindy licked mine for me while Sherry sucked on my
 nipples. That was some day!

    I always have to go pee after playing with myself. I leave my panties
 off since my long T-shirt covers me OK. I go to the bathroom and pee.
 Wiping my pussy dry feels good too. Walking back to my room I hear Billy
 moaning... I push his door open a little. GOD! He's lying on his bed
 naked with his legs spread wide! And his hand is moving up and down on
 his cock!

    Sherry told me that boys masturbate too, but I've never seen that
 until now. I haven't even seen Billy's cock since we were real young!
 Just LOOK at the size of that thing! God! Could THAT fit inside me? Billy
 suddenly groans. OH GEEZ! That must be his SPERM shooting out! Wow! It
 gets all over his stiff prick and tummy! I walk into his room but he
 doesn't notice at first. He's just lying there breathing hard, just like
 I do after I bring myself off.

    Oh WOW! He has a LOT of hair around his cock! Even more than Sherry
 has on her pussy. His cock looks softer now than it did before. I reach
 down to touch it. He jumps in surprise as my fingers contact his soft
 prick. He looks at me in shock but I tell him I want to feel it. He moves
 his hand away, letting me wrap mine around his cock. It's so slippery
 with his sperm all over it! I rub it up and down just like he did. It's
 getting hard again! Look at how big the top gets! I wonder how it tastes?
 Anything like pussy?

    I sit down and lean over, close my mouth over his cock. Ummmm. Nice.
 So hard. His sperm tastes salty but I like it. He's groaning as I lick
 his prick. He says it feels real good. And it looks good to me sticking
 up through all that hair. My hand goes under his cock. This must be his,
 uh, balls. They feel firm and soft at the same time. His, uh, scrotum is
 hairy too but feels nice. OH GEEZ! His SPERM is shooting out again, into
 my mouth! I have to swallow fast but it tastes so good! Almost as good as
 Sherry's pussy!

    I lick up the last drop, sit up and smile at him. He's still in shock!
 I want him to lick my pussy. I stand, take off my shirt. He stares at my
 tiny breasts, then looks down at my pussy. I kneel on the bed, spread my
 legs and put his hand on me. I don't think he's ever felt a girl before
 because he hurts me. I stop him, pull his hand away. I lie down next to
 him, tell him I want him to lick my cunny.

    He looks puzzled but kneels over me, looking at me. I spread my pussy
 lips for him, show him where to lick. Billy stares at my tits, puts his
 hands on them as he bends down to lick between my legs. I have to tell
 him not to squeeze my breasts so hard that it hurts. He gently touches
 them. Oh GOD! His tongue feels good on my clit! My brother licks me until
 I cum again!

    He falls on top of me. I feel his prick pressing against my cunt. NO!
 Before I can stop him he jams it in! OUCCCCH! THAT HURTS! OHHHHHH! I feel
 his cock pumping in and out of me. Hmmmmmm. It feels good now, like I'm
 all stretched out. I hug him as he does it to me, bucking hard. It feels
 sooooo good, his prick stretching me wide!

    Every time he shoves it into my pussy his crotch bone hits my clit.
 Mmmmm, that's nice! OHHHHH! My body quakes as I cum again! Then I feel
 Billy tense up, grunting over and over. I know his sperm is rushing into
 me, my cunt feels wet and warm. He falls on top of me. I feel his cock
 slip out, then push him off. I squeeze my legs together, my pussy
 tingling.
                            DISCOVERING SEX
                            (Author Unknown)

                               Part 3.

    I get up, put my shirt back on and go back to my bedroom. In bed I put
 my hand between my legs, feel Billy's sperm leaking out of me. I lick it
 off my hand, tasting it and myself at the same time. The next day Billy
 finds it hard to look at me. Sherry and Cindy come over and I tell them
 what happened. Sherry tells me that when I sucked Billy's prick that was
 a 'blow job.' And when he put his cock in my cunt that's called
 'fucking.' I like fucking. And I liked Billy's prick in my mouth.

    Sherry and Cindy and I get so hot talking about it that we strip off
 our clothes and get in bed together. I lie on top of Sherry, suck her
 titties as I rub my pussy against hers. Her hair tickles me. In no time
 we both explode together. Then I lick Cindy's pussy for her.

    We hear Billy come in, go to his room. We giggle as we walk down the
 hall naked together. Billy gawks at us, staring at Sherry's nice breasts,
 looking down at her hairy pussy. We kinda pose for him, spreading our
 legs and pushing our tits together. Cindy is especially sexy, spreading
 her pussy lips for Billy. We go over to my brother, take off his shirt,
 then push him back on the bed as we get his jeans and shorts off. His
 prick jumps up at us, twitches as Sherry touches it.

    "Boy it's hard," she says. I lick it then Sherry does. Billy stares at
 us. He almost explodes when Cindy licks his, uh, balls.

    Sherry lies down and spreads her legs. I lick her pussy while touching
 Billy's cock. Billy's playing with Cindy's little cunny, his prick
 getting real hard. I move over when Sherry pulls Billy on top of her.
 Cindy actually screams along with her sister when Billy rams his cock
 into Sherry's cunny. I hug Cindy and finger her juicy little pussy as we
 watch Billy fuck her sister, his sperm finally squirting into her.
 THere's so much, it bubbles out around his cock as he continues to pump
 it in her hard.

    Sherry is crying, blood leaking from her slit onto the bed. She
 doesn't have an orgasm so Cindy and I give her one. Cindy won't let Billy
 fuck her but likes to play with his prick after, even sucks it until her
 mouth gets filled with sperm. The next time Billy fucks Sherry she does
 cum. Then he fucks me too. Cindy never lets him fuck her. But he fucks
 Sherry and me a lot, and feeds Cindy lots of his sperm.

    One night, I'm looking at my body in my dresser mirror. My tits have
 grown a little and don't hurt anymore. They're not as big as Sherry's but
 my nipples are puffier. They stick out a lot when I rub them. My cunny is
 covered with thin fine hair now, too. I like to twirl it between my
 fingers, then rub my clit. Billy likes it too. He always licks my pussy
 before fucking it. His cock feels so good sliding in and out of my tight
 little cunny. Big as he is, my brother is nowhere as big as the naked
 guys I've seen in his porno magazine collection. Lately, when Billy's
 fucking me, I often I wonder what a real big adult prick would feel like
 stretching my little pussy.

    I hear Daddy in the shower. Poor Daddy. Momma left years ago and he's
 never had a girlfriend. I guess he jacks off a lot. Bet he has a nice
 cock... like those men in Billy's magazines. I decide to find out. I walk
 to the bathroom naked, open the door.

    He's in the shower and doesn't hear me. I walk in, step into the
 shower with him. He turns around, surprised to see me. WOW! He has a big
 hairy cock, and monster balls! Bet they make a lot of sperm! I grab his
 cock.

    "That's nice, Daddy," I tell him, stroking it.

    GOD! My hand hardly fits around it! It's SO MUCH bigger than Billy's!
 It gets hard real fast as I jack him off. Daddy can't hardly talk, not
 knowing what to do. I kneel down, stare at his prick and balls. Then I
 open my mouth and suck him in. He groans as I lick his cock head. That's
 all that will fit in my mouth! Ummmm, it's so smooth and soft. I jack him
 off as I suck him. It only takes a minute before he explodes, his sperm
 so good to swallow! I grasp his muscular thighs as I drink his sperm.

    Daddy still doesn't now what to do as I stand up, rub his still hard
 cock on my cunny. Ohhhhh, that feels so nice! I rub my breasts against
 his firm body. Finally his hands massage my ass as we kiss. He's a GOOD
 kisser!

    He picks me up, carries me to his bed, our wet bodies soaking the
 sheets. He WANTS me! He pushes my legs apart, jabs his cock into my cunt.

                            DISCOVERING SEX
                            (Author Unknown)

                               Part 4.

 OHHHHH MYYYYYY! That feels SOOOOO good! Daddy fucks me hard, his cock
 stretching my cunny lips out, his crotch ramming onto my clit. He kisses
 me and sucks my tits, fucking me fast. OH GOD! I'M GOING TO EXPLODE!
 Daddy's cock plunges deep in me as my body shivers. Then I feel his
 massive gobs of sperm explode into me. We fall asleep with his cock still
 tucked into my pussy.

    In the morning Daddy fucks me again before school. I LOVE his cock!
 It's so big and thick it fills me up and makes me cum again and again.
 His sperm stains my panties as it leaks out sitting in class. I can smell
 it. I wonder if anyone else can.

    After school Sherry and Cindy and I lick each others pussies. Cindy is
 fascinated by my daddy's sperm, dried on my thighs. She licks it off. At
 12 she still doesn't have any tits, but I like her smooth body.

    We wait until Daddy gets home. I meet him in the hall, still naked.
 His pants bulge as he looks at me. He says he wants to fuck me again. I
 tell him I've got a little surprise fir him and lead him to my bedroom.
 He's shocked at first when he sees Sherry and Cindy sitting there naked.
 Cindy spreads her legs, showing him her still bald cunny.

    "Wouldn't you like to suck her hairless little pussy, Daddy?", I ask
 in my most seductive voice.

    Daddy just nods his head, staring at Cindy's little pink slit like a
 starving man. I unzip his pants, take them and his shorts off. I kiss and
 suck his big hairy cock. Cindy pushes me aside, sucking Daddy's cock too.
 Daddy turns her around so they can suck each other. He opens his mouth
 and covers Cindy's whole pussy with his lips and sucks hard. Cindy is
 squirming her little ass around so hard Daddy has to hold her still with
 both hands while he sucks her hot, hairless little hole.

    Soon Cindy is so hot she's moaning and thrashing around like crazy.
 Daddy pulls his face away from her pussy and slips his middle finger into
 Cindy's cunt. He tells her she's very tight and hot. He finger-fucks her
 for a while until Cindy is squealing for more. Daddy asks her if she
 wants him to put his cock where his finger is. I expect Cindy to refuse
 just like she did with my brother, but I get a shock when she spreads her
 legs for him and BEGS my daddy to FUCK her! GOD! She must REALLY be
 horny!

    I watch Daddy lie over her and guide his cock to her virgin cunny.
 Cindy squeals when he pushes into her then relaxes and moves her little
 hips up and down as he fucks her. I watch as his huge cock plunges in and
 out of her tiny body. Sherry watches too. We're both rubbing our pussies
 like crazy. This is SO hot!

    After a while, Daddy shudders and groans, thrusting his cock real hard
 in Cindy's bulging cunt. His sperm overflows her tiny pussy and squirts
 out around his cock, stained pink with her cherry blood. Without taking
 his cock out of her tightly-clasping pussy, Daddy rolls over, holding
 little Cindy on top of him and fucks her again. Cindy bounces up and down
 on him, watching his long thick glistening cock fuck in and out of her
 bulging cunt.

    A half hour later he fucks Sherry too, making her cum hard just as
 Billy gets back from football practice. Daddy watches as my brother fucks
 me. Then they double fuck little Cindy until she can hardly stand. Sherry
 and I take over and Daddy and Billy fuck us until they can't get another
 erection.

    That night Daddy fucks me hard in his bed. We sleep together now.
 Billy fucks me after school and Daddy fucks me at night, and sometimes in
 the morning, too. Sooner or later I'll get pregnant. I wonder if my baby
 will be my brother's or my father's? Doesn't really matter. I just love
 their big long cocks in me.

    Sherry and Cindy stay here some weekends. I still like to suck
 Sherry's big tits and lick Cindy's bald cunny for her. Daddy and Billy
 like to watch for a while until they're so horny they can't stand it any
 longer and they fuck us all, one at a time. We do this all weekend.
 Sometimes Daddy brings his friends home to fuck us. I love it when that
 happens, `cause I get to have two or three cocks in me at once. GOD sex
 is GREAT!!!!

                                  The End.





