                           BEAUTIFUL DISTRACTION
                           ---------------------
     
     
     I was  about to  start my lecture, when a middle aged man in blue
     overalls barged in.
     
     "Scuse me,  Guv. OK  if we  get  on  cleanin'  them  winder?"  He
     indicated the admittedly somewhat grubby windows down one side of
     the lecture room.
     
     "Do you have to clean them now?" I asked.
     
     "Fraid so, Guv." He called through he open door behind him.
     
     "O.K, Barry. You do this lot, and I'll do them uvers."
     
     Having recently been awarded my doctorate in English Literature -
     I still  keep looking  round when  a student  says "Doctor"  -  I
     winced at  the mangling  of the  English. I  turned to the class,
     about thirty  students. Five  were graduates  working  for  their
     masters, the rest under-grads working for their BA's.
     
     "Well lets  make the best of it then", and I proceeded to lecture
     on the  comparison of  rhyme and  rhythm in  English poetry, with
     reference to Gerard Manley Hopkins, Browning and G.K.Chesterton.
     
     I had  barely started when the "Barry" referred to earlier by the
     older window cleaner opened the door and came in.
     
     "Arfur said it was OK for me to get on cleanin them winders".
     
     Barry  was   about  twenty-two,  had  a  cheeky  face  with  long
     sideboards reaching  down to his jaw-line, and a fluffy type hair
     style. He  wore a  grubby T-shirt,  skin tight  faded  jeans  and
     American type  sport shoes.  I breathed deeply. I waved a hand in
     the direction of the windows, and held the lapel of my university
     gown with the other.
     
     "Please", I said. He slopped some of the water from his bucket on
     the floor as he crossed the room.
     
     He turned to me with a cheeky grin. "Sorry about that, Guv."
     
     No more  was said,  and he  proceeded to  clean  the  windows.  I
     resumed lecturing.
     
     But as I proceeded, I found my eyes drawn more and more to Barry.
     The T-shirt  rode up  as he reached up to the top of the windows,
     exposing his  midriff. And  as he  bent down, his jeans tightened
     even more over his beautiful arse. I caught myself stumbling over
     words as  I lost my concentration, and with an embarrassed cough,
     turned back  to the  class. A  quick glance  round showed  no one
     noticed my  lapse of  concentration, or where I had been looking.
     Many were  looking at  the two or three text books we were using,
     or scribbling notes.
     
     There were  six large  windows, as  this was  the new wing of the
     college. The  windows were hinged each side with a pivot hinge in
     the center  half way  up, so  when opened  the window would swing
     inwards at  the bottom  and outwards  at the top. Barry was still
     cleaning the  first window,  and had  finished the  inside. I was
     mid-sentence, when he interrupted me.
     
     "Er ... 'scuse me, Prof. Can I ask a couple of students to move a
     bit, so's  I can  open the  window? I haf to get outside to clean
     the outside."
     
     "Oh, really! This is disrupting my class."
     
     His face  went into  something of  a sulk. I suppose he was sorry
     really that  he had  to disturb  the class,but  he couldn't  have
     opened the  window  and  climbed  outside  without  the  students
     moving. The  sight of  his sad  face almost stabbed me. He was to
     nice to upset. I took a more conciliatory line and tone.
     
     "Well, alright.  Mr Banks and Miss Stevens, please could you move
     your places  over there",  I pointed  to a couple of empty desks.
     The two  students gathered  up their  books and  moved. But those
     were the only empty desks.
     
     "Now wait  a minute.  You'll want  to do all six windows. It will
     mean disturbing  the other students along there, and there aren't
     any more spare places. Does this have to be done now?"
     
     "Well I'm sorry, Guv. But Professor Prentice said we'd have to do
     it all  today, cos  we're doing  the other wing tommorer. Tell ya
     what. When I come to do those uver winders, the students can move
     down to them free spaces then."
     
     "Well, I  suppose so,"  I said.  It's turning  my lecture  into a
     session of  musical chairs."  I turned  to the  students  by  the
     remaining windows.
     
     "I'm sorry  but we don't seem to have any choice. You'll have top
     move down  as the  ...er... window  cleaner  moves  along."  They
     nodded in  agreement. Barry  gave me  a broad smile that was like
     the sun bursting through.
     
     "Thanks Guv. I owe yer one." I could have told him exactly what I
     would have  liked, but  not in  front of  thirty students  - some
     female!
     
     He climbed  on the desk and slid through the open window onto the
     wide window  ledge. Although  we were  on the  second floor,  and
     there was a thirty foot fall or more to the rose bushes below, it
     didn't seem to trouble him. I continued my lecture.
     
     Barry was  cleaning the  window facing  inwards. I  tried hard to
     tear my eyes away from him, but it was terribly difficult. He was
     an exceptionally  attractive young man - I say young man, but I'm
     only about  ten years  older. I  might be the top side of thirty,
     but age begets experience and technique.
     
     As he  reached up  to the  top of  the single  pane, standing  on
     tiptoes, he revealed a hairy midriff and belly button His zip was
     also only half done up, his jeans had a nice bulge. Guts who wear
     jeans all  the time  seem to  mould them to their bodies, so that
     they fit  like gloves,  with all  the bulges in the right places.
     Barry was  leaning on  the glass as he reached up, and I breathed
     deeply at  the sight  of him  in this  position. I  felt my  cock
     reaching its  full rock-hard  length, as I imagined my hand about
     to fondle  that beautiful  cock bulge,  my lips  brushing against
     his, our  tongues sliding  together, as he opened his legs for me
     to give him a blow job, I imagined....
     
     "Yes, Dr  Scott?" I  came back  swiftly from  by reverie.  With a
     start I realised that I had trailed off mid sentence.
     
     "Um...yes. I was saying that..."
     
     What the  hell had  I been  saying? my  mind was  blank. I felt a
     sense of  panic, and I knew my face was burning. A senior student
     came to my rescue. It was Barbara Williams.
     
     "But surely  Dr. Scott, Chesterton didn't always use that lilting
     style, any more than Browning used blank verse."
     
     "Well of course not. Does anyone want to take it further?"
     
     I breathed  more easily.  Saved! I  pointed to  Robin Collins,  a
     graduate who  could rabbit  on for  hours. He did. He took up the
     point, and a discussion started. I sat back in my chair behind my
     desk -  it gave  me a  chance to ease my throbbing hard-on down a
     bit. I  glanced up at Barry. He was just finishing the outside of
     the first  window. He  caught my  eye and grinned back. I felt my
     face burning again. I nervously gave a half smile back. He sat on
     the window ledge with his hands dangling over the sill inside the
     room. He  grinned at  me again  as he wiped the lower half of the
     window over with his cloth.
     
     "Doctor Scott?"
     
     My attention  was back  to the  class. I  hadn't a  clue what the
     discussion had  been about.  I ignored  the question as being the
     best way to deal with the situation.
     
     "Now lets  take a  look at Hopkin's style of sprung rhythm. It is
     present in  some of  his early  poems but  it is developed to its
     full in his later works, after he had resumed writing again....."
     I stood  up and  faced the class. I began to walk up and down the
     front of  the room as I spoke. At least it kept my attention away
     Barry. Suddenly I felt a tap on my shoulder.
     
     "Er,' scuse  me Guv.  I haf ter go'n change me water." He held up
     the bucket  of filthy  water for  me to see. As I was standing by
     the desk  next to  the window  I was blocking his way." praps you
     could ask  those two  students to  move down  now. I've  done the
     first winder. I'll start the next one when I get back."
     
     He grinned.  I had to hold my arms stiffly by my side otherwise I
     might have  put them  round him,  and started to kiss him. He was
     really attractive. I turned deliberately back to the desk.
     
     "Now... Hopkins' sprung rhythm reached its zenith in...."
     
     Two minutes  later he  was back. The two students moved down, and
     he was  standing at  the second  window. Was it my imagination or
     was the  arse of  his jeans really tighter? As he moved his beefy
     arse almost beckoned to me. And he was only on the second window!
     Fucking hell!  How was I going to last out as calm, normal person
     till he  finished the  sixth window! I had a feeling I might rape
     him long before then. I was lecturing almost mechanically now.
     
     I glanced  up from  the poetry  book. He  was outside  the second
     window, legs  apart to  balance  better,  reaching  up  with  his
     squeegee to  clean the  top corners. His cock bulge seemed bigger
     too. I felt beads of perspiration on my forehead. He glanced down
     at me and gave me another grin. I wiped the sweat of my forehead,
     and tore my gaze away and back to the book.
     
     "Compare that  technique to  that of  Robert Browning in 'caliban
     upon setibos', the forerunner to his poem...."
     
     I glanced back up at Barry, I nearly choked. He was grinning down
     at me  with one  hand easing  his cock  bulge, a natural reaction
     when jeans  are to  tight. I  thought to  myself; he  knows ,  he
     knows. And I think he's interested. I fumbled the pages.
     
     "It's on  page..." the  numbers blurred  before my  eyes" On page
     er..."
     
     "Eighty nine, sir." A student rescued me.
     
     "Er, yes.  Now Mr.  Bridges, will  you read  it to us as Browning
     wanted it read." The student started to read it. All the students
     were following  the text  in their  books, and  some were  making
     notes in  the exercise books. I resumed my seat at my desk. I sat
     back in  my chair  and looked  up at Barry. he grinned and cupped
     his cock  bulge again. He pointed his forefinger at his chest and
     then at  me. His  meaning was clear. I smiled back and nodded. He
     grinned gave me a wink, and a thumbs up sign.
     
     The rest  of the  lecture was much easier after that. Eventually,
     at last,  at long last the lecture was over.I'm convinced some of
     the students must be wondering if I deserved my doctorate. I hope
     that following lectures retrieved my reputation.
     
     Barry had  finished all  six windows by the time the students had
     left the room. He climbed down from the window sill and came over
     to me.
     
     "Hi there, Prof."
     
     "You gave me a hard time there" I said.
     
     He grinned.  "Yeah. I  noticed you  watching  me.  No  one  could
     mistake that sort of look."
     
     "You are  some guy",  I said.  The almost Teddy-boy hairstyle and
     long sideboards  framing that  good looking  but cheeky face, the
     muscles straining  the short  sleeves of  his grubby T-shirt, and
     the tight jeans just got to me. What is it that makes you go wild
     for one guy, when ten others might not excite more than a passing
     interest?
     
     "What are you doing between now and four o'clock?" I asked.
     
     "Cleaning fuckin winder. what did you fink!" I laughed and so did
     he.
     
     "I'm lecturing, but I finish at four."
     
     "I can  get off  at four. No sweat. Arfur knocks off a free firty
     for a tea break, and that lasts till five at least."
     
     "Meet me in the staff car park", I said.
     
     He nodded  and grinned.  "Just the evening, or for the night?" he
     asked.
     
     "With you the whole night."
     
     He grinned.  Standing cockily,  hand on  one hip,  he warned  me"
     You'll be shagged out". I tut-tutted sarcastically.
     
     "Promises, promises!" I murmered.
     
     He turned  and was  about to  leave, when he paused, turned back,
     and with  a wicked  smile on  his face,  suddenly reached out and
     grabbed at  my crotch. He caught me quite off guard, but I didn't
     resist, merely gasped.
     
     "More later",  he quipped.  He squeezed  my half  hard dick,  and
     left.
     
     I finished  lecturing, and  was waiting by my car in the car park
     dead on  the dot  of four.  A few  minutes  later,  I  saw  Barry
     striding across from the side entrance.
     
     "Here I am. Where to now?"
     
     "Home and bed ", I said.
     
     We got  in and  I drove  home to  my flat.He  went in  first as I
     closed the  door behind  us. He  strode into the lounge, and went
     over to the drinks ranged on the side table.
     
     "Mind if  I elp  meself" He  said, not  waiting for  a reply . He
     poured himself  a generous whisky. After a gulp he held the glass
     up.
     
     "Not bad. Don't worry Prof. I won't get pissed."
     
     "I'm having  one myself". I said and poured out another, adding a
     generous squirt of soda. "Cheers", I said.
     
     "Fancied me, didn't yer, a soon as you saw me?"
     
     "Frankly, I  couldn't take  my eyes  off you,"  I  confessed.  "A
     couple of  times I  even forgot  what I was lecturing about. Just
     the sight  of you in those tight jeans - wow! I just..." I took a
     step nearer  to him  and slipped  my hand round his waist." I was
     imagining you laying on my bed waiting for me", I slipped my hand
     down to  fondle his  beautiful tight  arse. "And  you stood there
     grinning at me! I was beginning to wonder if I would be driven to
     rape you before the end of the lecture."
     
     He turned and put his empty glass on the table.
     
     "What were you thinking?"
     
     "The truth?" he asked. I nodded.
     
     "The first  time I  saw you  looking at  me I knew. Too many have
     given me  that look for me to make any mistake. I thought; he's a
     nice looking  guy. Bit  on the chubby side but nice looking, 'n I
     bet he knows all about it. Fucked and been fucked. The tall quiet
     ones are  generally wild  in the  sex stakes. I thought; play 'im
     along 'n see what 'appens. Then I saw you getting hot 'n sweatin'
     a bit.  When I  saw you  looking at  me  when  the  students  was
     readin', a  hand on  me bollocks, and that was it. Wham! you took
     the bait."
     
     I put down my glass.
     
     "You drove me fuckin' crazy", I said.
     
     I thought  to hell  with the fuckin' English. I put my arms round
     him and  pushed my  hands up  his  T-shirt,  I  pulled  the  thin
     material over  his head  and threw it away. His nipples were hard
     and standing  up. I bent down and sucked one , nibbling it gently
     between my  teeth. With my hands I groped his crotch, feeling his
     cock responding  through the  thin rough material. I unzipped his
     fly and  eased his  jeans down, He stepped out of them and kicked
     them away. Running my hands over his hairy chest, I pulled him to
     me and we kissed. He was unzipping my trousers, and I wriggled as
     he eased  them down,  and I  kicked them  off. His hand cupped my
     throbbing dick as it strained inside my briefs.
     
     I broke the kiss.
     
     "Bedroom ?" I asked hoarsely.
     
     "Anywhere", he  said. I  looked at  him standing  there, his cock
     bolt upright  still inside his brief pants, its outline clear and
     the material round the cock tip wet with juice.
     
     "You are some fuckin' guy", I said.
     
     I hooked  my index  finger over the elastic top of his briefs and
     pulled them down. His cock bobbed slightly, and remained pointing
     upwards. I  gasped, it  was a  good seven  inches, perhaps  a bit
     more. It  was thick,  and his  heavy balls  hung  below.  He  was
     unbelievably hairy.  I ran my hands excitedly over his cock hair,
     stroking his  flat, muscled  stomach, and then back to the chest,
     and the hard nipples. Suddenly we both sensed what we wanted.
     
     "Lick my cock", he ordered, his voice hard and commanding.
     
     I sank  to my  knees, and  saw his  beautiful dick in front of my
     face. I put out my tongue and licked it.
     
     "Suck it!"  he shouted.  " Lick  my balls!" I looked up. He stood
     over me,  almost towering,  legs apart.  He  held  a  beefy  fist
     towards me.
     
     "Lick my balls".
     
     I poked  my tongue  in his  balls, and licked all round the hairy
     sac till the whole surface and every hair glinted with my spit.
     
     "Suck my  cock". I  took the steel hard cock in my mouth, sucking
     up the  spit, and  running my  tongue up  and down  the hard cock
     shaft.
     
     "Tha's fuckin' fabulous!"
     
     I continued  to lick it, feeling an involuntary jerk from time to
     time, which indicated he was building up to his climax.
     
     "Turn round and kneel on the floor."
     
     I did as he ordered.
     
     "I'm gonna  fuck you,  mate. Fuck you so good you'll stay fucked!
     Would you like that?"
     
     "Please, please fuck me", I begged.
     
     I was  overpowered and possessed by the thought of this beautiful
     randy guy fucking me violently.
     
     "Beg me to fuck you. Come on beg me."
     
     I half turned to him, I was on my knees. "Please fuck me. Please,
     Barry. I'm  just dying  to feel your cock in my arse. I just want
     you to  push your fantastic dick into me and plaster my guts with
     your cream." He seemed pleased.
     
     "Tell me you want to feel my fuck juice in your arse. Tell me how
     much you want my spunky cream in you."
     
     "Please, Barry, I want you to shoot your spunky cream in my arse.
     I Want that more than anything, please."
     
     I looked  up at him. He was holding his dick by the base and just
     teasing it.  A huge gob of pre-cum juice glistened at its tip. It
     dripped down, leaving a glistening thread of cum.
     
     "Turn round." I did.
     
     Suddenly I  felt his  cock head  on my  arsehole. The  I  felt  a
     seering pain  as he  drove his thick cock into me, wetted only by
     my spit  and the  juice that  had dripped  from  it.  But  I  was
     exhilarated by  the feeling  this thick  prick was  giving me. He
     rammed it home, so that I jumped with pleasure as it reached deep
     within me.
     
     "Is that nice?" he demanded to know.
     
     "It's...it's fantastic." I replied.
     
     "Now you are really going to get fucked!"
     
     He drew  his cock  back and  rammed it  in, and  started pounding
     away. I  was breathless,  filled with delight, pleasure and pain.
     It was  unlike any  fuck I ever had. Within seconds he was on the
     brink of his climax.
     
     "Oh, mate!  This is  a great fuck! My balls are gonna explode and
     drown your  arse in a river of my spunk. My nuts are bursting....
     What a fuck... oh! OH! OOOOOhhhh!!!"
     
     I felt  him thrust  home, and  his cock  jerked violently. Then I
     felt the  hot cum spurting in jets into my arse. I had a sense of
     soreness and  pain, but  the overall  effect was  of pleasure and
     delight that was unmatched. He gave one or two more thrusts while
     he was at his peak of his climax, and as he did my own cock, bolt
     upright, jerked,  and I  spurted a jet of hot creamy cum over the
     carpet.
     
     "You randy sod !" He shouted. "I've fuckin made you shoot'n all!"
     
     After a  few seconds,  he drew  his cock  out of me. It was still
     hard, but had lost its full rampant stiffness. He was grinning as
     I sank to the floor.
     
     "Good fuck?" he said in his ordinary voice. I swallowed hard.
     
     "The best!"  I tried  to calm my frantic breathing. "I'm sore but
     it was the best fuck I've ever had."
     
     He helped  me up,  and we had a drink together. As we clinked our
     glasses together,  he said  "You still want me to spend the whole
     night wiv yer?"
     
     I nodded. "After that, man, I wouldn't let you go."
     
     "We'll both be fuckin' shagged out in the morning."
     
     I grinned.  "Fan-fucking-tastic!" I  replied. I  grabbed his cock
     with my  free hand, and in a second it was steel-hard. "Let's get
     started", I said. We kissed, and then....
