                             "Just Divorced"

        Sharon had been divorced for two weeks now. She had been separated
for a while prior to that, however. Her husband had left her - for another
man. Sharon almost fell apart when she heard that little detail.

        The first week after the divorce became final, she had cried. The
second week, she had moped around the house, which she retained. At the end
of the second week, she decided to do something crazy, and booked a week
at the most expensive resort she could find in the area.

        She dug out her old clothes, which she knew would still fit. Pushing 
forty, she had retained her trim body by working out regularly. That habit 
had been interrupted recently, so she made sure there was an aerobics class 
at the resort. She told herself she would start working out again from that
point on.

        She arrived and checked in. The first thing she did was take a long,
hot bath, luxuriating in the oversized tub which overflowed with suds. Then
she made an appointment for a massage, relaxing as the massuesse did her 
thing. She then showered, dressed, and went to the aerobics studio.

        The usual types of people were there. Young attractive women showing
off to the older, wealthy women who panted and strained. Young men trying to
pick up the young women, and older men ogling all the women. Then there was
another woman, about her own age, her perfect body wrapped in a skin-tight
leotard. She stood a bit distant from the rest, seemingly concentrating only
on the instructor. She moved like a dancer, graceful, beautiful, and Sharon
wondered briefly about her. She wasn't the usual type you found here - but
then, niether was Sharon.

        After the session was over, Sharon went swimming. To her surprise, 
the woman from the aerobics class was there as well, wearing a skimpy bikini
which barely concealed anything. She watched as one after the other, men
would approach her, and say a few words. The woman never replied, she just
glared at them with her expression saying everything. The men walked away 
shaking their heads. As one dejected guy walked away, the woman turned and
stared straight at her. Sharon blushed and looked away. 

        As she swam, she would notice every now and then that the woman was
staring at her again. She wasn't shy about it, she looked straight into 
Sharon's eyes whenever Sharon looked her way. Sharon became uncomfortable,
and went back to her room. She changed and decided to do something she hadn't
done in years - go dancing.

        She dressed and went to the lounge. The DJ was playing music that was
a bit newer than she would have liked, but she soon found herself on the 
dance floor, happily and nervously saying thanks but no thanks to the men who
asked to dance with her.

        Then she noticed the woman again, sitting by the wall, staring. At
the end of the song, she went to the bar to try to avoid the woman's eyes. As
she sipped her drink, she looked for a table far away from the woman. She sat
down and watched as the younger crowd showed their stuff on the dance floor.

        Suddenly she froze. The woman had appeared from nowhere and was now 
sitting at her table, opposite her. She gazed into Sharon's eyes. Sharon sat
immobile like a deer caught in headlights.

        "My name is Michelle." The woman's voice was low, sultry. She held
Sharon's gaze unblinking. Sharon wanted to look away, tried to look away, but
was so surprised she couldn't move.

        Michelle spoke again, Sharon hearing but not comprehending the words.
Michelle waited for Sharon to say something, but no answer was forthcoming.
Smiling gently, Michelle said, "Are you all right?" 

        Sharon blinked several times. Realizing she was still holding her
drink, she took a quick swallow and set the glass down. "Um. I'm Sharon. Um.
Yes. I'm fine. You startled me, that's all." Michelle's eyes never wavered.

        "I'm sorry", Michelle said. She smiled again, seeming almost to be
enjoying Sharon's nervousness. "How long will you be staying at the resort?"

        Sharon, without knowing why, answered. "Just a week. I just got a
divorce, and I'm kind of celebrating..." Her voice trailed off as she 
wondered why she should tell this woman anything.

        Michelle nodded slightly, her smile growing. "I'll be here for a week
as well. Maybe we can get together for a drink at my room sometime. In fact, 
how about tomorrow night? We can talk about ex-husbands."

        Sharon stared back into those eyes and wondered why she was nodding
her head yes. 

        "Good. I'll see you at nine. My room is 1218." Still smiling at her,
Michelle rose and walked away.

        Sharon sat there for quite a while, wondering what the hell had just
happened. There was no way, she knew, that she was going to be in room 1218
at nine the next night. As she finished her drink in one huge gulp, she
noticed her hands were trembling.

        The next day she stayed in her room, not knowing where Michelle would
appear next, not wanting to face her. At seven that evening, she was watching
a rerun on TV, and found herself thinking that a woman on the show kind of
resembled Michelle. To her disgust, she then couldn't get the woman out of
her thoughts. That led her to wonder what the harm would be in going to see
her that evening. She just wanted to talk about ex-husbands, right? What was
wrong with that? She decided she was overreacting, that she was being
suspicious for no reason. Sighing, and with butterflies in her stomach, she
showered and dressed in the best outfit she had brought with her. She wanted 
to make a good impression after her embarrassing moments the day before.

        Nine o'clock found her standing nervously at the door of room 1218,
debating the wisdom of her decision. Too late now, she thought to herself. 
She didn't really notice there were only several doors on this floor, not
the usual room after room of the normal hotel floor. She knocked on the door.

        Michelle answered. Sharon found her gaze drawn again to the woman's
face and as their eyes met, Michelle greeted her in a smoky voice.

        "Hello, Sharon. Please come in, won't you?" Sharon stepped inside and
Michelle closed and locked the door behind her. "We're very glad you could
come by this evening."

        Sharon stopped at that. We? We who? Her eyes swept the room, noticing
now that it wasn't just a room, it was a suite. From the door to what might
have been a bedroom appeared another woman, dressed in fashionable business
attire.

        Something wasn't right. Sharon turned to leave but found Michelle
standing in front of the door, blocking her escape. Sharon glared at her, but
Michelle's wide, staring eyes made her heart flutter. "Please stay, Sharon",
the woman whispered. Sharon didn't move.

        Michelle reached out and took her hand. She gently led her over to 
where the other woman stood, smiling, waiting.

        "Hello, Sharon. My name is Tanya. I'm delighted to meet you." She
held out her hand, and Sharon found herself taking it. Formalities aside, 
Tanya said, "Won't you sit down? Michelle says the three of us have a lot to
talk about."

        Not knowing what else to do, Sharon sat down. She looked at the two
women, who looked back at her with confident, self-assured expressions.
Sharon felt a twinge of panic.

        "Look, I really should go. I'm not very good company these days. I
should just go back to my room now and go to bed."

        Michelle moved closer to her, looking at her intently. Sharon again
stared into those eyes and Michelle spoke. "It's OK, Sharon. Really. We
understand how you feel. Honestly. And I think you will prove to be very good
company. Please stay and talk with us for a while."

        Sharon couldn't help herself. She felt as if she was floating up into
Michelle's eyes. Something was definately wrong. What was going on here? She
tried to say something, but Michelle continued.

        "Sharon, it's all right. Everything is all right. We just want to    
talk to you for a while. You don't have to do anything right now. Just talk
with us. And right now, you don't even have to talk. I'd like to talk to you
for a few minutes. Is that all right?"

        Sharon nodded dumbly.

        Michelle smiled. "I think after a few minutes, you'll feel more at
ease, more relaxed, more comfortable. In fact, you might even feel yourself
relaxing a bit right now. Everything is fine, as you see. I just want to talk
to you for a while. You really don't have to do anything except listen. It's
so easy, you'll see. Everything will be fine. You can let yourself relax more
now, feel yourself becoming calmer, more at ease. More calm, more relaxed.
Everything is fine. So calm, so relaxed. You feel much better about things
now, Sharon. You feel much more calm, much more relaxed, don't you?"

        Sharon's eyes remained locked on Michelle's as she slowly nodded her
head. Michelle's smile grew, and she went on.

        "Yes, Sharon, you feel much more relaxed now, much better. So much
better. Everything is fine. You even find you are enjoying yourself a little
now, aren't you, Sharon?"

        Sharon tried to think about what was going on, to rationally explain
why she was suddenly feeling the way she did. But she found it increasingly
hard to think about anything. All she could really say was that she didn't
seem to be at all nervous any more, and she actually was enjoying this odd
sensation. She nodded.

        "Very good, Sharon. Very good indeed. Now you feel so relaxed, so
calm. You feel so good now, Sharon. Everything is fine. You don't have to
worry about anything. Just listen to my voice and you can relax even more.
More and more relaxed, every word I say to you helps you to relax even more
completely. You don't have to think about it at all, but you know, way down
deep inside, that you've been looking at me as I've been talking to you. You
have noticed the color of my eyes, you have watched my eyes as my eyes have
watched you. You even feel that looking into my eyes comforts you, helps you 
to become even more calm, more relaxed. You find it so easy to just look even
deeper into my eyes, listen to my voice, and relax. You are relaxing, Sharon.
My eyes float in front of you, drifting, floating. You might not even be
aware of the rest of my face as you focus completely on my eyes. See them
floating before you, allowing you to relax even more."

        Michelle paused, silently holding Sharon's unblinking gaze. Sharon
again felt as if she was floating towards Michelle's eyes. In the back of her 
mind, she wondered once again what was happening. But as Michelle stared down 
at her, those deep blue eyes made it immpossible to think. Sharon finally 
gave up trying.

        As Michelle saw Sharon's eyes dim slightly, her heart beat faster.
This was always the fun part, she thought. Watching a woman surrender her
mind. Michelle knew exactly what Sharon was feeling right now. She had
surrendered to Tanya several months ago. As she stared down at Sharon's dazed
face, she pictured herself sitting in the very same chair. She remembered the
confused thoughts, the apprehension she had felt as she had entered Tanya's
room. She remembered how quickly that apprehension had faded as Tanya had
calmly talked to her, gazing easily into her eyes. She remembered the strange
and yet pleasant sensations she had felt as Tanya had gradually tightened a
soft web around her. Everything Tanya had said seemed so logical, so right.
Michelle couldn't help but agree with everything Tanya said. And then, Tanya
had closed the web around her completely, trapping her inside a soft, warm
place where only Tanya's voice mattered. And now, Michelle would close the
web around Sharon.

        Tanya watched approvingly as Michelle easily held Sharon's eyes, her 
voice guiding the woman down, down, deeper and deeper into the web. The web 
closed, with Sharon helpless inside it.

        "Completely relaxed now, Sharon. It feels so good. Now, all you have
to do is take a very deep, gentl breath, and as you exhale it, you will feel
your eyes closing, all by themselves. It feels so good, Sharon. You feel your
eyelids closing, you feel every muscle and nerve in your body relax, and go
limp. Your body can relax now, in a deep, restful sleep, while you continue
listening to my voice."

        Sharon's eyes closed. Michelle took a deep breath and turned to
Tanya. Tanya smiled gently, came over to Michelle, and kissed her gently.
Michelle smiled gratefully, happily, and once again turned her attention to
Sharon. 

        "Now, Sharon, you feel more relaxed than you've ever dreamed of. Just
flosting, drifting, nothing can disturb your feeling of total relaxation, of
total peace. Just let my voice guide you in this place. And, Sharon, you may
also hear another voice. That is all right. You can listen to both voices,
you can allow both voices to relax you, to guide you."

        At her cue, Tanya spoke. "Sharon, you have done very well. You are
now relaxed and calm, all nervousness and tension is gone. Soon, however, it
will be time to open your eyes and return to the real world."

        "Listen closely, Sharon. Allow yourself to remember this. Each and
every time you are in this room, you are a very special woman. You have very
special abilities in this room, Sharon. You have the ability to let yourself
go totally, instantly, into this same deep state of relaxation, any time you
hear myself or Michelle say the words, 'Sharon is asleep'." You know you have
the power, the ability, to relax yourself completely, to close your eyes and
let go, the instant you hear Michelle or I say those words. Once you have
relaxed, you can let our voices guide you once again."

        "Sharon, when you awaken, you will also notice something else about
yourself. You will no longer be afraid, nervous, worried when you are in this
room. This room is a place of pleasure, of relaxation for you. And, Sharon,
know this. Michelle and I can give you pleasure. We can give you much
pleasure, Sharon. So much pleasure. Pleasure you never imagined. So much more
pleasure than your ex-husband could provide. You may not be aware of it now,
Sharon, but you do want to feel pleasure again. True, pure, sexual pleasure.
Michelle and I can provide that pleasure for you, Sharon. There will be no
conditions, no risk to yourself. We can provide so much pleasure for you,
Sharon. All you need do is ask."

        "And now, Sharon, it is time to leave the place you are now in, this
place of total relaxation. As I count from one to five, you will find that
you are becoming aware of your surroundings. You will feel yourself slowly
drifting back to this room, to the chair you were sitting in. When I count
five, your eyes will be open and you will be wide awake, totally refreshed,
totally calm. All tension will be gone. You will be free, free to do and 
say whatever you feel. You are free, Sharon. Free from worries, free from
cares, free from your husband." Tanya nodded to Michelle, who counted from 
one to five. 

        Sharon's eyes opened slowly. She looked at Tanya and Michelle in
confusion for a moment. Her mouth worked, and after a moment, she whispered,
"What happened?"

        Tanya answered. "Sharon, the only thing that has happened since you
came into this apartment is that you have relaxed. You no longer doubt your
decision to come here tonight, you are no longer nervous about the situation.
Does that sound about right?" Sharon found herself nodding in agreement.

        "But what..."

        "Michelle cut her off, gently. In a soft voice, she said "It doesn't
matter, Sharon. It doesn't matter at all. Tell me, how do you feel now?"

        Sharon thought about it for a moment. She felt good, she realized. In
fact, she felt great. She felt better now than she had after her massage, and
she said so.

        Tanya and Michelle exchanged a quick glance. Tanya nodded just enough
for Michelle to notice. Sharon missed this exchange, still marvelling at her
relaxed feelings.

        Michelle gazed deep into Sharon's eyes. "Sharon, if you would like,
Tanya and I can massage you as well. In fact, I think it's safe to say you
will enjoy a massage here more than you enjoyed your previous massage."

        Her mind a blank, any thought instantly disappearing into Michelle's
eyes, Sharon listened. The word 'massage' stuck in her mind for a second, and
then it, too, was pulled into Michelle's eyes. Sharon dimly realized she 
wanted a massage, she enjoyed massages. Sharon nodded her head.

        Michelle smiled and looked at Tanya. Sharon, released from Michelle's
gaze, blinked in confusion. What was going on? Tanya took her hand and led
her slowly, uncertainly, into the bedroom. Why am I letting this happen,
Sharon's clouded mind wondered. She stood still and quiet as Michelle fixed
those wonderful eyes on her and Tanya proceeded to undress her. This isn't 
real, Sharon thought woozily. This woman is undressing me. I'm staring at a
complete stranger while some woman is taking my clothes off. But as she 
stared deep into Michelle's eyes, all the nervousness quickly floated away
just as her concious thoughts quickly did. Michelle's eyes were a magnet, 
pulling Sharon in.

        Sharon stood nude, unwavering gaze locked on Michelle. Tanya took a
bottle of massage oil from a dresser drawer and disappeared for a moment. 
Michelle held Sharon's attention while Tanya warmed the oil. Tanya reappeared
and Michelle gently guided the unresponsive Sharon onto the bed. Released
again from Michelle's gaze, Sharon felt a twinge of panic. My GOD, her mind
screamed, I'm in bed, nude, with two women looking at me. This isn't right.
I'm being... I'm being... Her thoughts faltered as she felt Tanya's soft
caress, the warm oil coating her skin. Oh, this felt nice. Pampered, her mind
whispered to her. I'm being pampered. She lay there dreamily for what seemed 
like forever as Tanya massaged her. Then, her body limp and loose from the 
massage, her mind open and quiet from listening half-conciously to Michelle's
whispering voice, Sharon surrendered to a deep, comfortable sleep.

        Tanya and Michelle continued for a while, making sure Sharon was
deeply entranced. Finally, Michelle gently suggested that Sharon's arm felt
light as a feather. A few more similar suggestions and Sharon's arm flew up
into the air, pointing up at the ceiling. Michelle allowed the arm to return
to the bed and stood up. Tanya, as well, stopped her massage.

        They looked down at Sharon, nude, covered with oil. Her breasts rose
and fell gently in harmony with her deep, regular breaths. Within seconds, 
Tanya and Michelle were nude, grasping at each other, fingers probing each
other as Sharon lay unaware on the bed. Michelle and Tanya tumbled to the
floor, arms and legs entwined in a passionate jigsaw puzzle. Fingers and 
tongues flashed back and forth as the two women came again and again. Then,
just as Michelle felt yet another orgasm building within her, she felt Tanya
drive an oil-soaked finger deep into her ass. Michelle came, both holes
filled by Tanya's talented digits. Then, spent, Michelle relaxed and let
the familiar post-encounter trance slowly wash over her. Tanya held her
gently as she fell irresistibly into a deep hypnotic state.

        Slowly, Tanya stood, stretching up to the ceiling. As she did, she
glanced at herself in the full-length mirror on the closet door. Still
pretty damn good-looking for someone pushing fifty, she thought. She gazed
down at Michelle, and bending over, tenderly kissed her sleeping form. 
Michelle, deeply entranced, didn't stir.

        Tanya stood again and looked at Sharon. Yes, she thought, Sharon
would be a welcome addition to their little group. Knowing Michelle would 
awaken in five minutes or so, Tanya climbed onto the bed next to Sharon.
Hoding her gently, she whispered to the sleeping woman.

        "And now, Sharon, you may allow yourself to awaken. Remember, Sharon,
that in this place, within these walls, you are very special. You are able to
relax deeply and completely whenever you hear Michelle or I say 'Sharon is
asleep'". You are indeed very special, Sharon. You have a very powerful 
effect on others. You may be slightly aware of the power Michelle seems to 
have over you, Sharon. You probably enjoy the experience when you feel 
Michelle's power. You can allow us to help you develop that power, Sharon.
The power to help others to relax, to be free. The power to once again feel
true sexual pleasure. Does this appeal to you, Sharon?"

        Tanya already knew the answer. She had known it as soon as she had
seen the faint smile on Sharon's lips as she had succumbed to Michelle's
hypnotic suggestions and her own gentle massage.

        Sharon whispered yes.

        "Would you like to experience pleasure right now, Sharon?"

        "....yes....."

        Michelle, having awakened from her trance, quietly climbed into bed
opposite Tanya. Sharon lay dreamily between them.

        "Then, Sharon, allow your eyes to open. Allow yourself the freedom
of doing anything that pleases you, anything at all. You are free, Sharon.
No inhibitions, nothing at all standing in your way. You are free to allow
yourself to do anything you wish to bring you pleasure. And, Sharon, if you
desire, you may use Michelle and myself." Tanya fell silent.

        For several moments they watched as Sharon returned slowly, 
reluctantly, from the depths of her trance. Finally, her eyelids flickered,
and opened. She looked at the ceiling, confused. Then she became aware of
the women lying beside her. Her eyes widened in shock for just a moment, and
Tanya leaned over and gently kissed her. Sharon quickly responded.

        Tanya and Michelle both paid special attention to Sharon in the
hours that followed. Hours spent nuzzling a partner's neck, spent exploring
a partner's breast with an eager tongue, spent hungrily lapping a partner's
juices as they came time after time, over and over. Neither Tanya nor
Michelle attempted any hypnotic coercion of Sharon, who willingly submitted
herself to their care. In return, she uncertainly provided them pleasure as
well, wondering vaguely why as she licked, sucked, and fingered them with
more eagerness than ability. 

        As Michelle's burrowing tongue brought her to yet another tremendous
climax, Sharon thought to herself that she had never felt as alive as she did
with these two - women. That thought still amazed her as her body shuddered
again and again.

        Finally, the three woman lay silent, nestled into each other's arms.
As programmed, as always, Michelle dropped off into a trance. Sharon looked
at her curiously as Michelle's eyes closed. Tanya smiled and decided it was
time to allow Sharon the same opporunity.

        Sharon, totally spent, listened to Tanya's voice telling her how easy
it was to let go after love-making. How easy it was. The individual words
blended into one sound, the sound of Tanya's voice. What was she saying? It
didn't matter, Sharon decided as her concious mind winked out. She kept on
hearing Tanya's voice, but none of it made sense. Then, suddenly, things were
back to normal. Tanya was telling her how relaxed she must be feeling. A
feeling of closeness, of togetherness, such as Sharon had never know came to
her, and she reached out and held Tanya tight. Tanya smiled and said three
words. Sharon's eyes closed instantly, just as they would from now on, after
every love-making session with Tanya and/or Michelle.

        Sharon opened her eyes to find herself sitting in the living room, as 
she guessed it was called. Tanya sat beside her. Michelle wasn't in sight.

        "How do you feel?", Tanya asked.

        Sharon thought for a while, but the words didn't seem to be there. 
She just smiled at Tanya, who nodded.

        "I'm glad, Sharon. Will we be seeing you again?"

        Sharon said yes unhesitatingly, just a dim flicker of uncertainty
that was quickly blown away by Tanya's bright smile.

        "Goodnight, Sharon." Sharon got up and went to the door. Once there,
she paused, looking back. Michelle had come into the room and was holding
Tanya's hand. Michelle blew her a kiss as the door closed. 

        Sharon went back to her room with her feet not even touching the
floor. She would go back there tomorrow night, she knew. And the next night.
And the next. Every night of her vacation, she would be in room 1218 with
Tanya and Michelle. A brief fantasy about moving in with Tanya came to her,
and she was grinning broadly as she went into her room. She didn't realize
that Michelle had already had that thought, and had acted on it with Tanya's
blessing.

        As she showered and went to bed, thoughts of the evening came back to
her piecemeal. Michelle's eyes. Tanya's hands against her skin. Michelle's
fingers. Tanya's voice. Michelle's voice. Lying between them, feeling safe
and secure. Being pampered. Relaxing.

        As Sharon drifted off to sleep, her hand, which had been absently
stroking her pussy, slowly stilled. She lay quiet, dreaming of tomorrow, of
all the new things that awaited her in her new life.
                                  
                                  THE END
