
                        Dleeann.txt -- M+/F, WIFE, INTER



                                  Dirty LeeAnn
                                 By Dan Bourke

                      Stolen From unREAL People Issue #68

      My wife, LeeAnn, has been fucking Black men for about four years now.
Originally she decided to have a sexual affair with one guy she knew at work,
and found his big cock unbelievably good.  What had been planned as a
one-or-two-time thing became an on-going fuck and suck bout.  Three or four
times a week she was spreading her luscious thighs for her Black cock, giving
him her asshole and sucking him off to the point where she would come home with
residual come still clinging to her chin.

      LeeAnn loved dressing as a slut for him: tiny mini-skirts with no
panties, braless with a transparent blouse, etc.  They would go to clubs and as
they danced he would push her skirt up and fill his hands with her asscheeks.
Other Blacks would take immediate notice of LeeAnn, a honey-blonde with big
tits, slender waist and legs to dream about.  And her Black boyfriend began
passing her around to his friends.  LeeAnn surely approved, and her constant
Black cock feeding became a source of excitement for me.  After her dates she
would regale me with tales of being thourghly used, revelling in her status as
a White whore for the innumerable Black men who fucked her.

      Her Black men knew that I knew they were fucking her.  When I would
answer their phone calls they would simply ask for "the whore," and I would
call LeeAnn.  Around the house she wore only a lose fitting shirt, open down
the front to expose her heavy tits.  She flaunted her thick, furry bush and
when she talked to the men on the phone she would open her legs and idly stroke
her cunt.

      That cunt had become very stretched from the heavy cock she was
constantly taking.  When I fucked her, my cock cock seemed almost lost in her
big pussy, and she would smile as she rolled her hips and ask me if I enjoyed
fucking a Black man's whore.  I always answered a dreamy, "yes..."

      LeeAnn knew how exciting her interracial sex was for me, and she knew I
would love to watch.  Finally the day came when LeeAnn told me she had arranged
for me to watch her.  There was to be a bachelor party for one of the men and
she was the entertainment.  She asked if it would bother me, warning that it
would be messy but like a moth to a flame I was drawn -- I had to see her being
fucked by Black men.

      And that is how I came to be sitting near the bed, LeeAnn's legs were
spread wide and bent at the knees.  A Black man fucked her deeply, his hips
pounding a thick Black cock into her cunt.  Sounds filled the room: the gently
creaking of the bed, the wet squish of hard cock pumping into a soupy pussy,
the low murmers of appreciation from the eight or nine men assembled at my
wife's sexy body, the rustle of skin on skin on sheets, LeeAnn's staccato
grunts in a rhythm matching each thrust into her cunt, low, throaty groans and
ragged breathing.  When the Black man between her thighs shot his sperm into
her hole, he would withdraw and move to her face, where he would slide his
slimy, sticky cock into her mouth to be sucked clean.  His place would be taken
by another, who would mount my wife and shove his cock into her gash.

      LeeAnn's face was a criss-cross lattice of grayish-white semen.  Her hair
was matted on her forehead from sweat and cum.  Beneath her nose, around her
lips and coating her jaws and chin, a heavy layer of semen jiggled as she
jerked her headed under the thrusting cock in her hairy hole.  Sperm puddled at
the small of her throat.  Dollops of goo covered each nipple and smeared her
tits.  Between her legs, each thrust of an inky Black shaft pumped an ooze of
semen out of her quim to run thickly down into the crack of her ass.  Her legs
bounced in the air as she gripped each new man between her thighs.  As she
opened her mouth to take a new cock, strings of cum stretched between her lips
and snapped as her mouth sealed tightly around the new dick.

      My wife was fucked all night long, and as she begged for more the men
laughed and rubbed their dicks across her cum-coated face.  She told them she
was their whore, begging to be used and made dirtier and dirtier.  And when
they finished, LeeAnn turned her wet, creamy face towrads me, reached down
between her thighs and brrought two fingersful of semen to her mouth, sucking
them clean.  She smiled as her tongue swirled through the gray goo and
whispered hoarsely, "I'll always be a whore for Black meat..."

