Archive-name: 3plus/dnrpart1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Dinner Party, The - 1

                  
     The dinner party was coming to an end. The guests were Jane, Jenny,
Louise, Lucy and John. The hostess was Lesley. They had been drinking
beer most of the evening, and had had a good meal of steak and chips with
bread rolls. The party was taking place in Lesley's kitchen, furnished in
vinyl and lino. They had just finished coffee and liqueurs when Louise
asked where the loo was. 'Oh shit,' Lesley said, 'I knew there was
something I meant to see to. I'm afraid the drains are blocked.' This was
bad news for the rest of the company too, since they were beginning to feel
that their bladders could do with emptying before long. 'What have *you*
been doing, then, Lesley?' Lucy asked. Lesley coughed embarrassedly and
glanced towards a red plastic bucket in the corner of the kitchen. Now
they were all pretty drunk and feeling horny enough, but none of them was
quite prepared for what came next. As cool as a cucumber, Louise got up,
walked over to the bucket, lifted her shortish denim skirt to expose her
mass of pubic hair, crouched down and started peeing into the bucket,
grinning up at the shocked but fascinated faces of the others round the
table. John started rubbing his quickly-growing erection and even Jenny
blatantly unzipped her jeans and put her hand in. When Louise had
finished, she wiped her crack on her napkin and threw it into the bucket,
then came back to the table. When she saw Jenny's hand in her jeans, she
said, 'Right dear, let's see how wet you are, then,' pulled out Jenny's
hand and put her own in, making Jenny squirm with pleasure. It was only a
matter of minutes before they were writing on the top of the table in a 
69, wildly licking and sucking each other's cunts. When they came, Jenny
announced that she was needing a piss, and without further warning released
the contents of her bladder into Louise's eagerly-waiting mouth. Louise
didn't swallow it, but she let it flow all round her lips and down the
sides of her mouth to form a pool on the table beneath her. When Jenny had
finished she pulled on her jeans and looked rather guiltily at the others.
     But they had loved it. Jane had pulled her cords down and had one
hand in her own knickers and the other up Lesley's dress. Lesley in turn 
had extracted John's cock from his trousers and was now sucking it
vigorously. Lucy, although turned on, was thinking more of her own
lavatorial requirements and wondering whether she dared do what whe needed
in public. After a while she decided on a compromise. She stood up on the
table and took off her skirt and tights. Then she stood facing the others,
slightly crouched, pulled her knickers aside at the crotch, and released
a
stream of golden piss onto the table. The others stared at the piss
streaming out of Lucy's warm, open cunt. John was turned on so much that
he gave his hostess somthing warm and white to swallow in return for her
kind hospitality. But none of them was prepared for what came next. When
she had finished, but without wiping herself, Lucy let go of her knicker-
crotch and then turned round, still slightly crouched, so that the others
had a perfect view of her bum. After a second or two they heard a 
squelching noise and watched a great bulge form in Lucy's panties as she
shat herself. Of course, by this time they were so far gone that this
turned them on even more, so that when she had finished and looked round
rather self-consciously, she saw nothing but lewd approval on the faces of
the others. She was still not sure how disgusting she should be, however.
Perhaps it would be better to take her knickers off and leave them in the
bucket. But having gone so far and having turned the others on, she
decided to go all the way. She put her skirt back on and sat down on the
chair she had been sitting on, feeling the shit squashing warmly under her.
     It was now John who, having come in Lesley's mouth, was bursting for
a
piss. He knelt on the table facing the girls, and said to Lesley, 'Here's
something to wash your mouth out.' She giggled and opened her mouth to
receive the jet of piss which he directed at her. But he didn't stop
there. He pointed it at each woman in turn, making sure their faces, and
their mouths if they opened them, were streaming wet with his pee. Louise
leant forward and he squirted the last few drops into her waiting mouth 
before she sucked him 'dry'.
     Lesley and Jane were now wanking each other off furiously and soon
they had a massive multiple climax. Jane was lying naked on the table in
a 
pool of piss, but Lesley was still wearing her dress. When they had come,
Lesley stood up, lifted her dress and crouched over Jane's still-open hole.
She parted her cunt lips and started pissing onto Jane's pubic hair,
letting it run down Jane's crack onto the table. Before she had finished
she stood up then crouched again over Jane's tits, facing away from Jane.
By this time it was no holds barred and she did a huge brown shit right
between Jane's tits. Lucy watched enviously, wishing she had been the
first to shit in public properly. But even she might have stopped short of
what Lesley did next, although she didn't really object to it. Lesley
asked her to get up onto the table and pull down her panties. A little
reluctantly, and aware of the smell she was making, Lucy climbed up, lifted
her skirt and stickily pulled her knickers down, exposing a rather messy
bum, to say the least. But Lesley was even more turned on and, picking up
the shit she had just done on Jane, she rammed it up Lucy's bum and pulled
Lucy's panties up for her. She then wiped her hand on a napkin, decided
it was still messy, pissed on it to clean it and got down off the table.
Lucy, now completely turned on, pulled her knickers aside at the front and
rammed an empty wine bottle up her hole. After  a little clitoral help from
Jane she came, then pulled her skirt back into place and sat down again.
     Jane was still lying on her back on the table with her legs wide open.
Having warned the others, she released a beautiful golden stream of piss
into the air. Perhaps it was because she had held out till last of all to
pee, or maybe she had a larger bladder than the others, but she must have
been lying there peeing for at least a minute. When she finished, the
others watched her arsehold expectantly, but she got up off the table,
pulled her tight black cords on over her soaking legs and sat down again.

The Dinner Party -- Part 2
