Archive-name: 3plus/dnrpart2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Dinner Party, The - 2


     By this time they were all enjoying themselves
immensely. Their only worry was that they had now all
peed and it might be a while before they would need
again. But Lesley, who had hosted similar parties before,
was prepared for all eventualities. She fetched three
two-litre bottles of beer from her cellar and they
started drinking them. Then she went into her bedroom and
came back with some panties and bras for anyone who
wanted them, apologizing for the fact that she had
already worn them, and put a pair on herself. She also
brought a couple of towels for any of the girls who
wanted to dry themselves. At this point Lucy decided
enough was enough. The shit in her knickers was beginning
to ooze out and drop onto Lesley's floor and she was
extremely smelly. She asked Lesley if she could have a
shower. 'Of course, dear,' Lesley said, 'give us a minute
to get some beer down us then we'll come and watch you
while we're waiting for it to go through us.'
     So they spent the next fifteen minutes or so drinking
their way through as much of the beer as they could in
such a short time. They had already had quite a lot to
drink at dinner and by now they were getting pretty
drunk, especially Jenny, who was very giggly and kept
pressing her stomach, trying to make herself pee again.
When they had finished the beer, they went through to the
bathroom with Lucy and watched as she carefully stepped
out of her skirt, gradually peeled her knickers away from
her bum and dropped them on the floor. Lesley picked them
up, somehow managed to scrape some of the shit off into
the loo pan and promised Lucy she would wash them for
her. Suddenly Louise said, 'Just a minute, Lesley, I
thought you said the drains were blocked? How come Lucy
can have a shower, then?'
     Lesley looked very embarrassed and eventually admitted
that the story about the blocked drains was a complete
lie, invented to try to encourage the sort of situation
that eventually did arise. Fortunately for her everyone
was so pissed and enjoying themselves so much that no-one
minded. Lucy cleaned off the worst of the shit with some
loo roll and stepped into the shower, leaving the door
open so they could watch her as she soaped thoroughly
round her arsehole, washing away all the shit that was
still sticking to her. Suddenly she gave a gasp of
pleasure as Louise reached out and grabbed her crotch and
started rubbing. When she got out of the shower, she
suddenly found they all wanted a feel. She had never had
her private parts felt so much in her life. Louise and
Lesley had inserted a finger each into her cunt; Jane had
two fingers up her newly-scrubbed arsehole; John was
French kissing her and Jenny was sucking her nipples and
massaging her clitty. No-one actually put it into words,
but what they were effectively doing was congratulating
her on her filthy performance previously.
     When they were sure she was satisfied, they withdrew
and helped her dry off. Then they went back into the
living-room, where Lucy put on a pair of the panties
Lesley had brought, and had some more beer and some
cheese and crackers which Lesley produced from the
kitchen. They had split up into three pairs: Jenny (who
was giggling and telling everyone she would soon be
needing to go to the little girls' room, to which Lucy
replied that this *was* the little girls' room) was
sprawled with Lucy in a large vinyl armchair, while
Louise and Lesley had bagged the sofa. As soon as they
had come into the living-room, John had announced that he
wanted a fuck and had grabbed Jane, ripped off her black
cords (with some difficulty since they were still
sticking to her wet legs), flung her to the floor and
started shafting her vigorously. Jane was giving every
sign of loving every minute of it.
     Meanwhile, in the armchair, Lucy had started sucking
Jenny's nipples while Jenny went on pressing her stomach
and rubbing her crotch. Although usually considerate of
her partners' needs, she was so far gone by now and so
obsessed by the idea that she was about to piss that she
was not doing much for Lucy, although Lucy was just as
glad since she was still feeling slightly sensitive
between the legs after her experience in the bathroom.
But she was quite happy to pleasure Jenny, who seemed to
be enjoying it. Lucy's fingers moved down from caressing
the tit she wasn't sucking, to the zip of Jenny's jeans,
which she slowly undid and helped Jenny slide them off.
Then she slid two fingers into Jenny's extremely wet hole
and started moving them in and out vigorously, using her
thumb to rub Jenny's little button. Jenny moaned with
pleasure but then suddenly said, 'Wait, I'm needing a
pee! No, leave your fingers where they are. I wonder...'
With some surprise Lucy kept her fingers inside Jenny's
crack and watched as a thin jet of pee started spurting
from between Jenny's labia, wetting her fingers. Lucy was
amazed. She hadn't realized it was possible for a woman
to pee with anything up her fissure. She eased her
fingers out slightly and started rubbing the pee all over
Jenny as she was doing. Eventually Jenny dribbled to a
halt and collapsed in a fit of giggles as Lucy started
licking the piss from her crotch, letting Jenny suck her
dripping fingers.
     Meanwhile, Louise and Lesley were on the sofa. Louise
was lying flat out frigging herself with one hand and
squeezing one of Lesley's tits with the other. Lesley was
crouching over Louise's face letting Louise lick the
delicious juices that were streaming out of her crack.
Louise had the most incredibly long tongue and was moving
it agonizingly slowly towards Lesley's little clitty,
which had popped out of its hood and was clearly visible
to Louise, who was teasing Lesley by avoiding it
deliberately with her tongue. Eventually Lesley came and
watched with interest as Louise frigged herself to an
incredible orgasm accompanied by a lot of moaning and
gasping. When she had eventually finished she lay back on
the sofa in exhaustion and spent a few minutes catching
her breath. It was then that she realized she was needing
to go to the little girls' room again. Since Jenny had
peed while sitting in the armchair and their hostess had
made up the story about the drains being blocked in the
first place, Louise didn't think Lesley would mind if she
saved herself the trouble of going upstairs to the
toilet. She took Lesley's panties, which were still
dangling round one of Lesley's legs, and put them on.
Then she crouched over Lesley's crotch and started
wetting herself. The jet of golden piss rapidly found its
way through the thin cotton and streamed down between
Lesley's legs, eventually soaking into the sofa beneath
her. When Louise eventually trickled to a halt, Lesley
squeezed some of the remaining pee out of the sodden
material of her panties and rubbed it into her own cunt.
But Louise hadn't finished. She asked Lesley, 'How would
you like something more, dear?' with a strange inflection
in her voice. Lesley caught on immediately, grinned and
said, 'Mmm! Yes please!', so Louise, still wearing
Lesley's dripping knickers, crouched over Lesley's face
and started soiling herself. Lesley heard a slight
squelching noise and watched in excitement as a huge
bulge formed in Louise's knickers about half an inch
above her face. Almost immediately she caught a whiff of
the familiar aroma and started rubbing herself again.
When Louise had finished she looked at Lesley as if she
didn't know what to do next. But Lesley knew well enough.
'Take them off,' she ordered Louise. Louise did as she
was told. The shit had come away cleanly and she was able
to take them off in such a way that most of it remained
in them. Lesley then took them, put them on and
decisively sat down, squashing Louise's shit into her
arse. Louise gaped at her. 'You never cease to amaze me,
Lesley,' she said. Lesley looked innocent. 'Well, they
*are* my knickers, you know,' she said with mock
indignance. Louise then made the mistake of asking Lesley
for loo paper to wipe her bumhole on. 'Loo paper? We
don't need loo paper here, we've got plenty of tongues.
Turn over!' was Lesley's reaction. A little hesitantly,
Louise turned over and stuck her bottom in the air. She
needn't have hesitated: she almost came instantaneously
at the feeling of Lesley licking her soiled anus clean
for her, a task which Lesley didn't stint on, making sure
that Louise's bottom hole was completely clean inside
too.
     While all of this had been going on none of them had
been paying much attention to John and Jane, but they had
been enjoying themselves too. At the beginning Jane had
still been wearing her damp black cords, but John soon
ripped them off and started  shafting her. She let out an
audible gasp at the first shock but soon got used to the
rhythm and felt she was heading towards a massive climax
when John withdrew his cock and said, 'Right, other
hole'. Jane understood at once, rolled on top of John and
gradually let him slide his slippery prick into her
arsehole while his fingers worked overtime at her crotch.
     After a while John came and withdrew his dripping cock
from Jane's arsehole. Almost immediately he told her he
was bursting for a pee. Obligingly, having already had
two of her holes filled by him, she opened her mouth and
let him put about half the length of his cock in before
closing her lips round it. She almost choked as the pee
filled her mouth and came streaming out of the sides of
her lips and down onto her tits. She swallowed as much of
it as she could but it seemed that as well as coming in
huge quantities John could also piss in huge quantities.
Eventually the stream hitting the back of her mouth
lessened as John came to a halt. Gently releasing his
prick from her mouth, she smiled and exchanged a French
kiss with John. Much to his surprise, he got half a
mouthful of his own piss that Jane had kindly kept in
reserve for him.
     By this time it was extremely late and when Lesley
suggested bed no-one argued. Nevertheless, none of them
had any illusions that they would be going to sleep. They
all helped to carry the double bed from Lesley's spare
room into her large bedroom and placed it next to her own
double bed. She had obviously been planning this for some
time because both beds were fitted out with plastic
undersheets to save the mattresses.
     More or less by common consent it was decided that
Jenny, John and Lucy would go in one bed and Lesley, Jane
and Louise in the other, although they were so close
together that it might as well have been one huge bed.
Jenny took off her jeans, looked round and put on a pair
of the knickers that Lesley had brought earlier. Without
asking permission, she started rummaging through the
drawers in Lesley's bedroom and found herself a short
nightie, which she put on. John and Louise were both
naked and showed no signs of doing anything about it.
Louise was looking in admiration at John's cock, which
was erect yet again. Jane borrowed a sexy black nightie
from Lesley and Lucy kept her panties on. What perhaps
surprised them most was that Lesley, who was still
wearing the knickers that Louise had peed and shit in,
kept them on to go to bed. This obviously turned John on
even more, because as soon as they were in bed he stuck
one hand down the front of Lesley's sodden panties and
the other into Lucy's knickers. After a while Lesley
started squirming and said, 'Do you know something? I
think I might be needing a wee-wee. How inconvenient, the
loo's at the other end of the corridor.' Lucy immediately
replied, 'But Lesley, the drains are blocked, don't you
remember?' and grinned at her friend. Lesley grinned
back, not having thought of this, and said, 'Oh, yes, so
they are. Oh well... does anyone object to a spot of
bedwetting?' Five eager voices indicated they had no
objection at all to a spot of bedwetting. Lesley stood up
on the bed, throwing the duvet aside, pulled her damp
knickers aside at the crotch and crouched slightly. The
others watched in a state of high excitement as Lesley
held her lips slightly apart and a golden jet of piss
came streaming out of her cunt, splattering onto the
sheet underneath. John started rubbing his hard-on wildly
but Lucy grabbed it for him and he reciprocated with four
fingers in her hole. Eventually Lesley dribbled to a halt
and Lucy licked her dripping crack for her. Lesley let
her knicker-crotch go and lay down again in the pool of
her own piss and started licking John's bottom while Lucy
was sucking him off.
     Meanwhile, in the other bed there was a lot of
whispering and giggling going on. Jenny had whispered
something to Jane and Louise and they had giggled with
pleasure and excitement and they all now seemed to be
debating what to do. Eventually Lesley, in the other bed,
noticed this commotion and asked what was going on. After
a lot of prompting, Jenny told Lesley she was needing a
bigjob and would it be all right if she did it in the
bed?
     Lesley immediately reacted with enthusiasm to this
proposal, and suggested they should all watch. Lucy
stopped sucking John's cock and they all watched Jenny
enviously as she pulled the duvet aside, took her panties
off and crouched on the bed. First she let a little pee
out, then gave a little grunt and obviously tautened her
muscles. The others watched in delight as Jenny's
offering slowly started sliding out of her bottom. When
it eventually dropped away, Jane said, 'I thought you
were never going to stop!' Jenny just grinned and said,
'I think there's a little more to come!'. They kept
watching as she pushed another couple of little pieces of
shit out. Then she sat down on it. Although they had all
known that Jenny would not be planning to clear the shit
away before getting into bed again, they hadn't expected
it to be quite so sudden and two of the girls gave a
little gasp of pleasure. Jenny then rolled over onto her
front to show them the result.
     All hell broke loose in the bed. Louise and Jane
suddenly went crazy with excitement and started rubbing
Jenny's shit all over themselves and each other. Jane got
a handful and plastered Louise's tits with it, and Louise
stuck several fingers up Jenny's slippery arsehole. Jenny
herself had virtually the whole of her right hand in her
cunt and was rubbing her clitty with her left hand,
moaning with pleasure at the smell and feel of the shit
on the sheet beneath her.
     In the other bed, Lesley and Lucy were indulging in
some French kissing and clitty-tickling when John let out
a terrific fart and suggested he might like to soil the
bed too. Lesley and Lucy looked at each other and
giggled. John remained lying flat but bent his knees and
opened his legs wide - so wide that Lucy started licking
his arsehole for him. She got a couple more farts right
in her face before the tip of his shit appeared and she
withdrew so that Lesley could watch as well. The shit
slowly curled out of John's hairy arsehole onto the white
sheet. Like Jenny's, it was enormous - John explained
that he hadn't been since the previous morning - and very
smelly. When he had finished, Lesley, whose panties were
still full of Louise's shit, picked it up from the sheet
and shoved it down the front of her own knickers. The
other two gaped for a minute as Lesley squeezed her legs
round it and pulled the front of her knickers open to
show them the result. John's hard-on got even bigger at
this, helped by the fact that Lucy was licking his
arsehole clean for him. After a little while he grabbed
her and started fucking her for all he was worth while
Lesley licked his balls and fingered herself. Before long
John and Lucy came with lots of moans and shrieks. John
was about to withdraw his cock, although it was still
quite rigid, when Lucy said she was needing a pee and
would like to try to do it with him inside her. After a
lot of straining and concentration on her part, a thin
jet of pee spurted out of her piss hole but soon she had
to give up and ask John to pull his cock out of her.
Almost as soon as he did, a proper jet of pee started
flowing from between Lucy's legs and she crouched over
Lesley's shit-covered genitals to do it. Despite the
shit, Lesley had a hand in her panties and was
frantically frigging herself, eventually coming to a
massive climax.
     In the other bed, Jenny had obviously been doing some
thinking. 'Jane,' she said, 'you're the only one of us
who hasn't done a bigjob yet. You didn't go before you
came to the party, did you?' Jane answered that she
hadn't been since the night before and reassured Jenny
that she would soon be ready to make a contribution to
their bed. And indeed, before much longer she announced
she was ready to wet and soil the bed. Louise begged her
to pee in her mouth, so Jane lifted her nightie slightly,
crouched over Louise's mouth and started filling it with
her warm golden jets. All three of them were still
plastered with Jenny's shit and  some of it had found its
way into Jane's pubic hair. When Jane's piss eventually
petered out and Louise had swallowed it all, they knew
the serious business was about to begin. Jane moved down
the bed slighly so that she was now crouching over
Louise's large boobs, which had already received their
fair share of Jenny's bigjob. But they weren't prepared
for what came next, although Jane had had a good idea.
Suddenly Jane deposited a large quantity of diahorrea on
Louise's tits, which immediately began streaming down
onto the sheet. The liquid shit seemed to stream out of
Jane's anus forever and the girls and John in the other
bed looked across with great interest. When Jane
eventually sputtered to a halt she looked at Louise
slightly shamefacedly. 'Should I have warned you?' she
asked. Louise grinned, as well she might from the
sensations she was getting from fingering herself, and
told Jane the surprise had been wonderful. Lesley,
dropping bits of shit out of the sides of her panties,
crawled over into their bed and rubbed her boobs against
Louise's while Jenny licked Jane's bottom for her.
     By now they realized they were spent. They had all come
so much they were exhausted, and they knew that their
bladders and bottoms had been emptied for the night. They
went to sleep in beds sodden with piss and soiled with
shit of both the solid and liquid varieties, all
acknowledging that the best thing about Lesley's sort of
dinner party was the social intercourse with the hostess
not only while they were eating and drinking, but also
while they were relieving themselves afterwards. All went
to sleep happy, fulfilled and ready for the morrow.
Because, of course, there was breakfast to look forward
to...

--
