The phone was ringing when I walked in the house. Dropping the mail and
my purse, I rushed to answer it.

"Hello, Jessica? This is Dr. Stevens, I was calling to remind you about
your appointment this evening at 7pm.," his voice sent shivers up my
spine.

"DR. STEVENS?," I giggled nervously, "My, aren't we formal today! I
meant to call you and cancel. Keith, I can't go through with this."

"Young lady," he replied sternly, "you made an appointment and you
agreed that I would receive 24 hours notice if you needed to cancel. You
have exactly 3 and one half hours to get that cute little ass of yours
to my office or you are going to end up over my knee. Which do you
prefer?"

I gulped, "Please, I changed my mind, can't we just go out to dinner and
forget this whole thing? Or maybe I could get a raincheck?"

"Jessica, I made you a promise that I would not allow you to back out.
As I think you know by now,  I always keep my promises. Now which do you
prefer? Keeping your appointment, which you will find enjoyable, or
finding yourself staring at the floor while I blister your ass, which I
am sure you will find very unenjoyable? Which one, Jessica?" This time,
it was clear I was not going to be able to plead for mercy.

"I will be there.," I murmured quietly as my heart beat quickened in
fearful anticipation. What was he going to do to me?

"Good girl, I will see you at 7 this evening. Wear something easy to get
out of and remember, from the moment you step into my office, I am the
boss. Don't eat anything between now and then, we will eat dinner after
your appointment. Good-bye." Click, the phone went dead in my hand, he
was gone.

I hung it back up and retrieved the mail that had been dropped in my
haste to get to the phone. I was trembling slightly, why had I agreed to
this? I hated doctors, what made either of us think that he could make
it 'enjoyable'? We hadn't really discussed what he was actually going to
do with me once I got there, was I making a mistake going there?
Wouldn't the spanking be easier? Sure, it would be a punishment
spanking, and he would be disappointed in me, but how bad could it be?
Very bad, my mind thought and I rubbed my ass as I thought about the
last time he gave me a punishment spanking. It had hurt for several
hours but the worst part of it was that he didn't allow me to call him
for 3 days after it. Sure, he held me until I stopped crying from the
spanking, and he made sure that my head space was all right, but he told
me that I was in disgrace for 3 days and not allowed to talk to him. I
had let him down and I knew it, I couldn't risk letting him down again.

After doing a few things around the house, I climbed into the tub to
soak for a bit. While in the tub, I shaved my pubic hair stubble off so
that I would be freshly shaved for him, just the way he liked me. Mmmm,
the water felt very nice, but I couldn't risk staying in and falling
asleep so, reluctantly, I climbed out and dried off.

I stood in front of my closet, trying to decide what to wear. 'Easy to
get out of'? That left out about 2/3 of my closet's contents. Then my
eyes found my black stretch dress, the one that clung to every curve.
Perfect! I placed it on the bed then took a black push-up bra, silk
thong, and stockings out of my lingerie drawer. After dressing, I looked
approvingly at myself in the mirror. As I was admiring myself, it dawned
on me that I had just turned an 'easy to get out of' dress into a suit
of armor. Sudden inspiration took over and I took off the thong, bra and
my stockings. "Better", I thought with a wicked grin, "wouldn't he be
surprised?"

I arranged my hair, added a trace of makeup, a hint of perfume, then
slipped into my high heels and grabbed my purse. I got in the car and
started the engine. Before I could pull out of the driveway, I started
thinking about where I was driving to and turned the engine off. "Maybe
I should go back and put my panties and stockings back on, or maybe I
should fix my hair differently, maybe I should just call him up and tell
him I am waiting for my spanking." My brain was rushing around trying to
find an excuse, any excuse, not to go in for this 'appointment'. Hopping
out of the car, I went back in the house to call him before I could lose
my nerve, I dialed his number and waited for him to answer.

"Hello, Keith?" The shaking in my voice was unmistakable.

"Yes, Jessica? I was just thinking about you, I am looking forward to
seeing you in half an hour. You will be here won't you?" I imagined him
leaning against the wall, the phone in his hand, a smile on his face as
he listened knowingly to the indecision in my voice.

"No, you will have to come spank me. I am not going to be able to keep
my appointment. I just can't do it, I am sorry." The words rushed out of
my mouth, almost tangling up in one another in their haste.

"So am I, Jessica, so am I. Three hours ago you told me that you would
keep the appointment we made. You are just going to have to come in for
your appointment, I don't want to have stayed after-hours to keep the
office open for you only to have you stand me up. I will see you in 25
minutes. Don't keep me waiting young lady or I will see that you get
both a spanking and an exam."

That no arguments tone, well, so much for getting out of going. I had
better hurry or I would be late. I hurried to the car and drove over to
his office. Parking the car, I rushed into the office before I could
lose my nerve. The waiting room was deserted but a bell rang when I
opened the door so he knew I was here. After waiting  standing up for a
few minutes, impatient over took me when he didn't show up so I walked
through the door to the examination rooms and his office. He was sitting
in his office acting as if he were working but it was obvious he wasn't.


"Hello, Jessica, I will be with you in a moment, please go back to the
waiting room and wait. It is not quite 7 yet." I was about to storm out
in a huff when he glanced up, winked at me and added, "Please?"

I went back out towards the waiting room but my curiosity got the better
of me and I peeked into the examination room that had its door partially
open. There were all types of instruments on the tray, speculums, rubber
gloves, a thermometer, various swabs and other things that were very
frightening looking. Oh, my gosh! Was that an enema bag? Before I could
contemplate the meaning of all these things, I heard a cough behind me.
Spinning wildly to face the door, I found Keith grinning at me.

"This is not the waiting room young lady, I thought we agreed that you
were going to obey me starting with the moment you stepped inside my
office. As long as you are here, please take off your clothes. There is
a gown there if you wish to change into it." He closed the door and
leaned back against the counter not taking his eyes off of me.

I blushed but I did as I was told, stepping out of my high heels first.
Then, not meeting his eyes, I very slowly pulled my dress off. He gasped
in amazement as the realization that I was naked under it sunk in, but I
didn't dare meet his eyes. He walked over, placed his hand on my chin
and raised it until my eyes were staring right into his.

"You amaze me sometimes. How are you doing? Are you ready for this?" His
voice could have melted butter. Closing my eyes, I nodded hesitantly.
"You will be fine." Suddenly, he had my head tilted back was kissing me
reassuringly.

Stepping away again, he dropped back into character. "Please hop up on
the scale." Doing so, I realized to my astonishment  that he had a chart
he was writing in, I had thought he was teasing about this being a
'real' exam! He wrote down my height and weight then asked me to climb
up on the table so that he could take my temperature, pulse and blood
pressure. After taking my pulse and blood pressure he ordered me to lay
face down on the table so that he could take my temperature rectally.

"What? Why do you need to take it that way?" Instantly, I was trying  to
get down from the table only to find him blocking my way.

"Young lady, you agreed that when you walked into this office I was
boss. Now please, roll over on your tummy." His voice told me that he
wouldn't take no for an answer.

Resigned, I rolled over and closed my eyes. I heard him putting on
rubber gloves and then felt him parting my ass cheeks gently. His finger
massaged my asshole, making it open to his touch, allowing the lube to
be carried inside so that I was very lubed up. I felt the cold
thermometer being inserted and whimpered in humiliation as I felt my
pussy grow wet and my nipples harden.

Did he have to keep caressing my ass? Moaning I tried to move away.
"Shhh, almost finished, just hold still for me.", he soothed as he
continued to caress my ass cheeks. After an eternity, it was over and I
was allowed to sit up, hoping he didn't notice the damp spot on the
paper covering the table.

I sat up for him to check my ears, nose, eyes and so he could look down
my throat. He listened to my chest with his stethoscope after warming
the instrument in his large hand. His gentle, slow motions made me
relax. He had me lay back down on the table, face up this time. I
shivered, thinking of how exposed I was. "Cold? Would you like me to
cover you with a sheet?," he asked with a chuckle in his voice. I
blushed yet again, cursing silently knowing his eagle eyes had seen the
wet spot.

His hands felt my throat and the lymph nodes under my arms, his fingers
teasing, tickling almost, despite his very professional attitude as his
hands dipped lower.

"I am going to do a breast exam now, please try to relax, if there are
any tender spots let me know." I closed my eyes again to prevent looking
directly into his, for fear of giving myself away. One look at my eyes
and he would know how aroused he was beginning to make me.

His hands went through the familiar motions of a breast exam, somehow
continuing to arouse me while he did it. His hands didn't seem to linger
anywhere, they just sent fire through me as they touched me. My back
arched on its own and I heard a moan escape me. "Oh, I am sorry, is that
spot tender?" I shook my head and closed my eyes even tighter as I felt
my skin turn red again. He chuckled almost imperceptibly, making me
blush still darker.

He felt my stomach, making me giggle because it tickled a bit, then he
told me to please scoot down to the end of the table. He adjusted the
stirrups and guided my feet into them. I considered asking him not to do
a vaginal exam then realized that he would not give me any choice. I
hesitated when he asked me to move further down the table. "Jessica,
move down into position, it will be all right. Just take a few deep
breaths for me. That's right. Feeling better? Good girl! Now move down
just a little more, perfect!," he coaxed. He draped my legs with a sheet
and pulled a stool over so that he could get comfortable before putting
on his gloves.

I began to tremble a bit and was on the verge of tears, he had been told
that I didn't like pelvic exams, why did he have to do one? "Hey now,
you are all right, come on, deep breath, it will be over in a minute or
two. Close your eyes and imagine yourself somewhere else if you need to
calm yourself down." As he was talking he was very gently caressing my
inner thighs and my stomach, "You did a very good job shaving and you
sure startled me with your 'easy to get out of' clothes! Did I ever tell
you what a minx you are? That's right, relax for me, I'm not going to
hurt you. Let me show you how nice these exams can be." His hand began
to touch my pussy, gently at first, teasing my clit, letting me get used
to him touching me. He examined the outside of my pussy in this manner,
making me wet, aroused and much less nervous before he slipped the
speculum inside me gently, surprising me that it didn't feel
uncomfortable like it always had before when other doctide me, violating
me by looking in my private spaces and I tensed up again. Instantly, the
speculum was uncomfortable and I was begging him to stop. I didn't mean
to tense up, it just happened. Just as instantly, he released the
tension on it, withdrew it and began to relax me again using his fingers
and this time, his tongue. His velvety tongue soothed the tender spots
that tensing up had caused, made me arch into him. After he 'soothed and
calmed me' in this fashion, he asked me if I was ready to try the
speculum again. I said yes and he eased it in while continuing to caress
my clit with his hand. His tongue found a sensitive spot on my inner
thigh and he licked and nibbled it while he gently opened the speculum
once again. His thumb replaced his tongue and he made little maddening
circles on my inner thigh, making me wet and more relaxed. "This might
be uncomfortable for a second," he warned. I felt a twinge as he swabbed
my cervix for a pap smear but I was too busy feeling his thumb caressing
my inner thigh to even whimper. "Good girl, that part is all finished,"
he encouraged as he removed the speculum slowly, being careful not to
pinch me with it.

Next thing I knew, he was saying "I am going to put my fingers inside
now, just keep taking deep breaths." I arched into his hand, helping his
fingers enter me and began to move back and forth on them eagerly.
"Easy, easy, I can't examine you when you are moving so fast. Hold still
for a moment.," he remarked with a smile in his voice. Embarrassed, I
stopped moving and held still, feeling his fingers slipping in and out,
touching spots that made me have to force myself not to wiggle. Finally,
I was unable to keep from wiggling and I didn't bother to try to stop
myself. It dawned on me that he was not attempting to stop me either as
I brought myself very close to orgasm. I began to beg, knowing it was
expected of me, knowing that I would not be allowed to climax without
asking, terrified that he was going to say no and stop this delicious
moving before I could climax. I shouldn't have worried, he gave
permission almost right away and I tumbled over the edge, feeling wave
after wave of pleasure wash over me.

I must have passed out for a moment because when I came to he was
standing at my side, looking into my eyes, asking if I was all right and
was I ready for him to continue. I smiled up at him and managed a small
nod, it was the best I could do at the moment. After leaning down and
kissing my forehead, he returned to the end of the table. I was puzzled
when he didn't take the sheet away and lower my feet from the stirrups,
what else was there to do down there? I felt his fingers begin to probe
my tight asshole and I wiggled a bit, remembering now that rectal exams
were common when you got a vaginal exam. His finger went in, gently,
steadily pushing, making me open to him, waking all the nerve endings
and making me moan.

His fingers stopped probing soon after he started and I whimpered for
him to continue. "I am afraid you are going to need an enema, Jessica.
Would you like me to strap you down for it or would you rather hold
yourself still? Either way is fine with me." Instantly I was sitting up,
demanding to know why I needed one, begging him not to give me one,
telling him that an enema hadn't been part of the deal. "I guess you
prefer to be strapped down, I thought you might." Smiling, he reached
for the Velcro straps he had set out for this purpose. I started to get
off the table. Looking straight at me, moving slowly and deliberately he
began to unbuckle his belt. Stopping, I sat back down, watching him
warily. "On your back, legs in the stirrups again, hands over your head
please." I followed his instructions, pleading with my eyes. "Don't look
at me like that, you will enjoy yourself if you just relax."

After I was strapped securely to the table, he leaned over and kissed me
long and hard on the mouth, taking my breath away. "Don't go anywhere, I
will be right back." He picked up the enema bag and walked over the
sink. I couldn't see him because the sheet he had replaced over my legs
was blocking my view but I could hear the water being turned on then
splashing into the bag.

"Do you do this to all your patients when you examine them? If you do
it's a wonder you have any patients at all!" Oh, I knew I should not be
rude to him but I felt very helpless, extremely vulnerable, and rather
embarrassed.

"What Jessica? Did you ask if I was adding soap to the water? Why, dear?
Would you like me to? There is a bottle right here.", He sounded as if
he were laughing at me and that made me twice as mad.

"Sure, add all the damn soap you want, add the whole damn bottle for all
that I care!" What in the world had possessed me to say such a thing?
Now I was in for it! There was no doubt about his laughing now, the
small room was filled with the echoing sound of it.

Once he had composed himself and stopped laughing, I heard the soap
bottle being snapped open and the splash as it and more water were
added. There was the sound of him releasing the air from the tube, then
he came into view again, carrying the steaming enema bag. He hung it on
an IV tripod that I hadn't noticed before. I shuddered as I caught the
scent of soap wafting out on the curls of steam rising from the bag. I
closed my eyes when he looked straight into mine and grinned. "I have to
hand it to you, you sure have a spunky attitude. Is there anything else
you want to say before we get started or should I gag you to save you
from yourself?" More laughter directed at me, I had to bite my tongue to
keep from blurting out something else. Tears of silent rage ran down my
cheeks and he leaned over to kiss them away. "Shhh, I didn't add the
entire bottle of soap, the bottle was only half full actually." My eyes
opened with a start and I stared at him in horror until I realized that
he was only teasing, or was he? Oh damn! Now the beast was laughing
again. Just wait until I was untied! "GAG ME!" I said much louder than I
meant to and he stopped laughing long enough to find a gag and
obligingly fasten it securely behind my head.

Once he stopped laughing, he kissed a trail from my neck to my breasts,
lingering on the nipples. He stopped too soon and returned to the foot
of the table. I felt his hands spread my ass cheeks apart, and again his
fingers probed me, making sure I was well lubed. The nozzle was inserted
deep inside me and I squirmed, trying to get away from it. Immediately
his hand was resting on my leg, his voice talking, calming me until I
held still. He started the water flowing and I yelped around the gag.
The warm soapy water stung, and the water pressure was painful as well.
I heard his gloves being replaced with fresh ones and I wondered what he
was doing until I felt his hands on my pussy. One of his fingers slipped
inside and the other stayed outside to tease and torment my swollen
clit. "Relax, that's the way, see, it doesn't hurt. Does it?" My mind
was in agony, the water and the soap were causing cramps and his fingers
were causing intense pleasure, the combination was nearly unbearable. I
wanted the gag off so that I could beg him to please stop, I couldn't
take all this water. I settled for whimpering around the gag. "Come on
Jessie, you can take it for me, it's only two and a half quarts of
water. It's almost all in you now, just relax. My, you are very wet down
here, feels good doesn't it?" All of a sudden, I relaxed enough for the
pleasure to overtake the pain and I was cumming fast and hard, no chance
to ask, no way to ask because of the gag. Almost before I had stopped
cumming, he had the nozzle out of me and I was unstrapped. A wave of
pain overtook me and he helped me quickly to the bathroom. As soon as he
helped me sit down, he unfastened the gag, kissed my bruised mouth and
was gone, mercifully shutting the door behind him.

I came out of the bathroom, feeling very tired and very embarrassed over
cumming from an enema, not wanting to look him in the eyes. He had spent
the time I had been in the bathroom cleaning up the enema bag and the
speculum, as well as putting clean paper on the table. I blushed to
realize that I must have left a large wet spot from the strong orgasm I
had had. I climbed back on the table and sat there, quietly, staring at
my hands.

He came to me and put his arms around me. "How are you doing?" he asked,
kissing my neck. I just nodded and kept staring at my hands. "You did
ask for that soap, you know it too. I am not going to apologize for it,
I should have spanked you as well."

He walked over to the counter, opened a drawer and took out a syringe
and a vial of something. My heart jumped, "I don't want a shot, that
isn't fair!" "Shhh, quiet, it will only hurt for a moment or two. I want
to get this over with now so that we can go on to pleasanter things.
Where do you want it, your arm or your hip?" I didn't answer, I just sat
there, tears welling in my eyes. He loaded the syringe then sat on the
table and patted his lap. "Over you go, let's get this done while you
are still in such a submissive mood." I hesitated. "Do it now Jessica,
or I am going to take off my belt. You need this booster shot, you have
been putting off getting it for far too long. I would be lax in my
duties if I did not make sure your boosters were up to date." His tone
was gentle but stern and it left no doubt that I was going to get the
shot plus a spanking unless I did as I was told. Despite the threat of a
spanking, I backed towards the bathroom door begging him to give me the
shot at a later date.

Before I knew what happened, he had grabbed me gently but firmly and was
removing his belt before pushing me over the table, ordering me to stay
there and not to move. He made that horrid, dreaded snapping sound with
the belt, and I was standing up, pleading with him, half sobbing,
forgetting I was not supposed to move. OWWW!!! The belt slapped down
hard against my upper thighs, the pain causing me to hold still,
bringing tears to my eyes. "Young lady, I will not tell you again, bend
over and stay there. Please do not make me tie you into position or I
will have to give you your lesson in obedience only on your upper
thighs." Trembling, I bent over the table, silent except for quiet
tears. Ten times the belt came down after that, stinging my ass cheeks,
welting them slightly. I remained braced against the table, howling in
pain, knowing better than to beg for mercy. After it was over, I stayed
in position, whimpering loudly and trying not to dance from side to side
to relieve the pain from my flaming bottom. I heard his belt slipping
back into the belt loops, slowly being fastened and then the sounds of
him breathing, watching me.

"Now, let's try this again.", He climbed onto the table after retrieving
the syringe and the swab. "Over my lap, and behave yourself this time.
If you had listened to me the first time, the shot would have hurt much
less. Now I fear, you will have to take it on your well-spanked ass."
Not daring to hesitate this time, I laid down over his lap, burying my
face in my arms. His hand stroked my hair for a moment before he opened
the alcohol swab and gently swabbed my right ass cheek where he was
going to give me the shot. "Take a deep breath for me Jessie, it will be
over in a moment." The needle slid in and I yelped, trying not to jump.
"Easy, it's almost over now" The medicine burned as it went in, bringing
tears to my eyes. Finally, it was over and the needle was taken out
again. It still burned, and to make matters worse, he rubbed the knot
that the shot had left to help disperse the medicine, I tried to get
away but he had ahold of me far too well for that. Defeated, I sobbed
into my arms, no longer caring that I was an adult not a child.

He just held me and snuggled me, rocking me gently back and forth until
the pain had eased somewhat and the tears had stopped. After a while, he
sat me back so he could look at me, smiled and asked, "Ready for the
rest of the exam?" I warily nodded then leaned over and kissed him.
"What's the rest? Do I have to be tied down for it?"

His deep laugh rang out again, "Only if you want to be darling, only if
you want to be!" Then, seriously he added, "Are you doing ok.?" I nodded
and rubbed my bottom a bit resentfully, it still hurt and it was rather
unfair of him to decide to add that to the exam though I suppose I did
need it.

What was he going to do to me next? I couldn't think of anything else
that happened when you went to the doctor's office. I didn't have long
to wait because he was stripping off his clothes and placing them on the
counter. Soon, he was naked in front of me, very hard and glistening
with sweat. He motioned for me to lean over the table and no sooner had
I done that than I felt his cock pressing against my ass. I pushed back
against him, eager to feel him inside me, eager to feel him stretching
my asshole. Stretch me he did, it felt like a truck was entering me, I
struggled against the pain for an instant, then allowed my body to go
limp. He grabbed my hips and began to pump inside me, in and out,
slowly, so slowly I couldn't stand it. Momentarily, the pain stopped and
pure pleasure overtook me and I begged for him to hurry, HURRY. "Easy
now, I don't want to tear you, you are tight!" Again, I tried to speed
him up, the slowness was teasingly agonizing and this time he obliged
me. We fucked for what seemed like hours, I must have cum a dozen times
or more when I felt him speed up and then he was cumming, spasming
inside me, shooting his cum deep inside my ass.

Afterwards, we took a shower, put our clothes back on then finished
straightening up the room and shut out the lights. As we were getting
ready to leave, he turned around and went back to his appointment book.
"So, is this time next year all right for your appointment? Same time,
7pm?," he asked with a wink. "Am I up to date on my booster shots now?,"
I asked, rubbing my sore ass that had a painful knot from the shot not
to mention welts from the spanking. He looked up raising his eyebrows at
me. "Yes, you should be up to date for about 5-10 years, why?"  "Good,
then do we have to wait until next year for another appointment? Can't
we make it next week?" The shocked look on his face was priceless and
this time, it was my laughter that echoed off the walls.
