My Morning at The Doctor's


I had a bit of an unusual experience yesterday when I took my wife to the doctor's.  It was time for her annual visit to the gynecologist and her car was in the shop so I told her that I would take her.  We got to the doctor's office and went into the waiting room.  She went up to the counter to tell the receptionist she was there for her appointment and I went and sat down.  You should have seen the looks I got from the other women there.  It was if I knew that they would soon all be stripping nude and allowing some guy to check out their pussies.  It was cool.  There was one young blonde who was just gorgeous!  She couldn't have been more than 18 or 19.  She gave me the nastiest look when I smiled at her.  Bitch.  The receptionist came in and called the blonde into the back and I watched her sexy ass as she disappeared behind the door.  What a body; what a lucky doctor.  At any rate, after two pots of coffee, my bladder was bursting, so I got up and asked the receptionist if there was a bathroom I could use.  She pointed down the hall.  I went through the door the blonde had just gone through and found the head.  I went inside and closed the door and began to relieve myself when I heard a muffled sound coming from behind what seemed to be a small sliding panel along one wall.  The only thing I can figure was that it was to pass urine samples through.  I stuck my head up to the sliding panel and eased it open to about a quarter of an inch.  The sight that I beheld when I peeked through was beyond my wildest imagination.  It was an examination room with whom else in it but that luscious blonde.  The nurse had just handed her an examination gown and told her to undress.  The nurse left the room, leaving the blonde alone.  I couldn't believe my luck.  I was able to see the whole room through that small crack.  The blonde slipped off her jacket and unbuttoned her blouse.  She pulled it off of her shoulders and turned away from me.  Just my luck!  She reached behind and unsnapped her bra, but because her back was still toward me, I really couldn't see a whole lot.  She then unsnapped her skirt and stepped from it, leaving herself standing there in her white panties and high heels.  I was going nuts!  I concentrated as hard as I could, trying to will her into turning around so that I could gaze upon her melons.  But no luck.  But all was not lost!  She eased her panties off her hips and bent straight over to pull them off, affording me a great view of her ass with her little blonde pubic hairs poking out from between her tight cheeks.  Well, that was enough.  I just had to rub one out there so I dropped trow and unlimbered my timber.  FINALLY she turned around and I almost blew my load!  She had larger than average breasts, but what really stood out was her areolas.  They were the size of silver dollars and really puffy too. I mean they really stood out from her breasts!  They were a light shade of pink and seemed to stand at attention.  I know I was.  She struggled with the gown and sat up on the exam table waiting for the doctor.  No sooner had she sat on the table, than the doctor came in.  They exchanged pleasantries.  He studied his chart for a while and then motioned her over to the scale.  She climbed up on it and the doctor took her weight and height.  The whole time, the back of her gown was open so I got a lengthy look at her ass.  Tight as a drum!  He told her to sit on the table, so she went back.  I swear she saw me but if she did, she didn't show it.  I thought I was a dead duck, but I just couldn't look away.  I was held in the iron grip of lust!  She sat on the edge of the table while he took her blood pressure and felt around her throat.  All right, already, I thought.  Let's get on with it.  No sooner said than done.  The doctor reached behind her gown and undid the string that held it together and asked her to lower the gown.  She seemed to hesitate, but did as she was asked, exposing those glorious globes again.  The doctor then began to feel around them, squeezing them this way and that.  They really looked firm.  But this was only the beginning.  After he was finished feeling her tits, he took each of her nipples between his fingertips and began to slowly squeeze and roll them.  In no time at all, they were fully erect and rigid, sticking out from her tits at LEAST half an inch.  I could tell that she was really embarrassed because her face was red as a beet.  I could just imagine myself making an afternoon of those puppies.  After examining her breasts, the doctor told her to lie back on the exam table.  Now there was one really fortunate thing.  The foot of the table faced in my direction so I knew I was going to be in for a real treat.  She laid back on the table and the doctor continued with his examination of her breasts.  They didn't even flatten out when she was laying there.  He moved his hands slowly down her chest, working his was toward her abdomen, which was still covered with the gown.  He reached under the edge of the gown, feeling all around.  I could tell exactly when he touched her mound, because her eyes closed and her mouth parted slightly.  He then told her lift her rear end and as she did, he slipped the gown down off of her legs, leaving her laying there stark naked.  I always thought that the woman got to cover herself with something, but I guess this doctor wanted to see her in all her glory.  The way she was laying there, I could look right up between her long legs and clearly see her slit.  I didn't have a lick of hair on it.  I guess because she was a real blonde.  The doctor then seemed to concentrate on her pussy (as I would have done).  He stood to one side of the table, giving me a clean shot of his fingers as they probed and parted her outer labia.  This went on for what seemed like several minutes, each of which I thoroughly enjoyed. She was a light virginal pink inside and as soon as he let go of her lips, they closed back together tightly.  I could tell that she hadn't been tapped too many times.  I knew what was coming next, but I still couldn't believe I was about to witness it.  He brought the metal stirrups out from the side of the table and told her to scoot down and put her feet in them.  He moved between her legs as she did, blocking my view.  He helped her put her feet into the stirrups.  I thought I was going to be robbed of the view of a lifetime, but I was not disappointed. He moved back out of the way and went over to a counter to get something.  The sight that laid before me was the most incredible thing I had ever seen.  Her knees were up and her legs were spread wide apart, totally exposing her pussy to me.  Because her legs were so far apart, her outer labia had really parted, fully exposing her inner lips and clitoris.  The doctor came back with a small stool on wheels and I thought that the show was going to be over, but he seemed to sit off to one side, leaving me a full view of her naked genitals.  The doctor then snapped on some rubber exam gloves and began what surely must be the most envious job in the world: examining the pussy of a 18-year-old.  He gently parted her outer lips and started a very thorough study of her outer and inner lips.  He then said something about a pap smear and took a speculum from a drawer at the foot of the exam table.  He held it in one hand for a minute, I guess to warm it, and then took the other and spread her pussy open.  He brought the tip of it to her vaginal entrance and as soon as it touched her, her hips rose slightly from the table.  He slowly eased it in sideways, sliding the whole thing into her vagina.  He then turned the handle down and opened it up.  It was fucking unbelievable!  Her formerly tight little pussy was now stretched into this wide oval.  He took a small flashlight and peered up into her, studying the inside of her vagina.  He then took this cotton swab and stuck it up her.  He rubbed it around for a minute and then pulled it out and rubbed then end in a small glass dish.  He closed the speculum and pulled it out, but her pussy stayed slightly open.  He then took two fingers and stuck them up into her, while feeling her abdomen with the other hand.  She didn't seem to like this too much because every once and a while, she grimaced in pain.  He then took the hand that was on her abdomen and stuck a finger into her asshole and began to feel around.  Well, that was all she wrote.  I blew a huge load against the wall as I watched these proceedings.  He finished and told her to get dressed and see him in his office.  I don't know how he could be so business like.  I'd have 20 Shangri-la's a day in that job.  I slid the little hatch shut and cleaned up the wall and went back to the waiting room.  My wife wasn't there, so I assumed she was now getting similar treatment.  Just then, the door to the back office opened up and out came the blonde, looking a little disheveled and I knew why.  I smiled again at her as she left.  I am now going to insist on taking my wife to the doctor's every time!