This is a true story that happened to me 6 months ago.

I was reading a story in an adult magazine about this girl that
was eaten out and fuck by a German Shepherd dog.  Now to some of
you, this probably sounds gross.  However, this chick was turned
on and wanted to read more stories like it.  Well I never found
any.  I am sure that there is a mag out there that has lots of
stories like it, just haven't found it yet.

Anyway, one day I was talking to me friend Terry and the subject
came up.  She had never read such a story before.  Since we were
at my house, I got the magazine out and let her read it.  She did
not get as turned on as I did, but said that she could watch
someone do that and get horney.  She also said that she doubted
that she would get horney enough to do it with the animal.  I
told her that it made me very horney and that I didn't think I
could do it, but I did want to read about other people doing it
with animals.

Well, that subject was dropped, we continued to talk about other
things while drinking wine.  After two bottles we got very tipsy
and started talking about sex.  The next thing we knew, we were
naked and in the pool, having a great time.  Well, I have had sex
we women before, but never with Terry.  I didn't know how she
felt, and never asked.  Well I noticed her staring at my 38-26-36
body.  I got out of the pool and posed.  I said, "What do you
think"?  She said that I had a great body and a nice pair of
tits.  With that, I jumped into the pool grabbed her head and
shoved it between my tits and said, well if you like them so much
why don't you suck them.  I was ready for her to protest, but
instead she said okay, and suck my tits so gently.  She said to
me, I have wanted you for the longest time but didn't think you
would.  We dried off and went into my bedroom and made love for
three hours.  When she left to go home, she invited me over the
next day to "Play around some more".

Saturday afternoon I went over to Terry's house to play.  She
invited me in.  She was wearing a black leather mini, black
blouse, black fish net stockings and garters, and high heels. 
She was hot.  I was also wearing a mini, I also had on a halter
top, and heels.  She told me to get on my knees and look under
her shirt.  What I saw was a beautiful, clean shaven cunt.  I
reached up to touch her but she stopped me.  She said that I
would first have to touch my own shaved cunt.  She said she would
shave me like she did herself this morning.  We went to the
bathroom and she undressed me.  What I great sensation it was to
have her shave.  When she was done she cleaned me off, grabbed me
by the hand and led me to her room.  She told me to lay on the
bed and play with my new cunt.

As I laid there, I began to rub my cunt, what a feeling.  I went
wild.  It felt so good.  No pubic hair, just skin, sensitive
skin.  She watched me as she got undressed.  She got into the bed
with me and moved her cunt to where I could eat her.  She was,
and still is, so sweet tasting.  As I ate her she played with my
cunt, sticking in a finger then rubbing my clit.  She would stop
as I got to excited.  I ate her and she came twice, yet she
wouldn't let me cum.  She then got up and left the room.  She
came back with some nylon straps and said that if I wanted to cum
I would have to let her tie me to the bed.  She said she would
not hurt me.  I agreed.

She tied my wrists and ankles to the bed so that I was spread
eagle.  She then got out a vibrator and began to work on my
sensitive clit.  The vibrator made me so horney, but she would
not leave it on my clit long enough to make me cum.  I tried to
thrust my hips to meet the dong, but to no avail.  She would then
stick the dildo in and slowly pull it out, then repeat the
treatment on my clit.  I was begging to cum.  She bent between my
legs and tasted my juice hole and said that I was wet enough to
get my SURPRISE.  Again she left the room.  When she returned she
was followed by my SURPRISE.  It was her Great Dane, Toby.  She
asked how horney was I and I knew what she meant.  I shook my
head yes.

She patted the bed and Toby jumped up.  She then took the dogs
nose and stuck it between my legs.  I must have been twice as wet
by now.  The dog knew exactly what to do.  He began to lick my
hole.  I couldn't stand it and I came twice, right away.  This
made him lick even faster.  I could not believe the feeling. 
There was no strong probing like a humans tongue, just enough
pressure and entry to do the job.  As the dog continued to eat me
out Terry unfastened me from the bed.  Then felt the dog's cock. 
She said that it was hard.  She grabbed a couple of small pillows
and placed them under my ass.  Then guided the Toby on top of me. 
His face was next to mine, I could feel his hot breath on my
face.  His hairy body resting on my stomach.  Terry put her hand
on his cock and gently guided it toward my fuck hole.  As soon as
the dog felt my wetness, nature took over.  He fuck fast and was
fairly deep.  I came again, and again.  Then I felt him squirt
inside me.  He slipped out and shoot some cum on my stomach. 
Then hoped off and left the room.

As I laid there, I thanked Terry for what she did and told her
that it was great.  Since then I have fuck her dog twice.  He is
not always in the mood.  I have fuck Terry some many times I can
not count them.  Terry now says that she thinks she will try Toby
the next time he is ready.  

I can't wait.