Dog Show

The phone rings. He answers it. The caller is speaking spanish. They chat for 
a while, then the caller says "The old film, it is getting a bit worn. And 
now we have this new projector, Dolby, everything - we should make a new 
film. Can you get anyone?" "Perhaps. How much is it worth?" "Four, five 
hundred maybe. This isn't LA, you know." "I'll see"

She liked her new lover a lot, but sometimes he scared her just a little 
bit. Most of the time it just added a little zest to their relationship, like 
the time he'd produced the handcuffs and they'd made love in the shower with 
her secured to the faucet. Today he seemed quite edgy. He'd offered to take 
her to see a show in Tijuana. "What kind of show?", she asked. "A sex show, 
silly. Really neat stuff you can't see up here". She had agreed readily, so 
now they were driving into this seedy looking bit of the city in Mexico. They 
park the car and go into a building with some garish posters on the wall. She 
can't read the writing.

At the desk her lover is greeted by the proprietor. They talk for a while, 
then the mexican hands her lover several hundred dollars. They talk a bit 
more, and he hands over more bills. "What was all that about?", she says. 
"Oh, he owes me some money" her lover replies.

They go through to a small theatre. There is a movie screen pulled down over 
the stage, and the film is obviously already well under way. They make their 
way nearer the front and sit down.

The film is rather grainy and scratched, obviously an old 16mm production. On 
the screen a woman is kneeling on some kind of bench. A large dog is licking 
her between the legs. The woman appears to be enjoying this. After a while 
the dog mounts her from the rear, enters her and starts fucking in earnest. 
The woman on the screen is panting, apparently in the throes of a powerful 
orgasm.

Watching, she finds the scene initially repulsive, but shortly she feels 
herself becoming aroused. She wonders what sort of woman would agree to 
perform with an animal like that, and if it is really as enjoyable as the 
actress makes it seem. Her lover nudges her "Really something, isn't it? Bet 
you'd like that". She squeezes his thigh and mumbles something. He slips a 
hand under her skirt and gives her a quick grope. Her pussy is slightly damp.

On the screen the dog has stopped humping. The camera pans across for a last 
look at the woman, then fades to credits to the accompaniment of distorted
music.

She expects the lights to come up and the audience to make for the exits, but 
nothing happens. Perhaps there is another feature, she thinks. Suddenly she 
is aware of two men standing in the row just behind her. One of them leans 
over and with a practised movement forces a rubber gag into her mouth. It is 
an inflatable gag, and while one man holds her firmly the second one inflates 
the gag to an uncomfortable, though not painful, tightness. She can not make 
any sound past the gag, but looks urgently at her lover in appeal. He looks 
back, seemingly unconcerned, with a slight smile on his face.

The two men walk her down the aisle, then up some steps st the side of the 
stage. The screen rises to the ceiling, stage lights come on and she sees a
black leather bench in the centre of the stage. It looks rather like the kind 
of bench weightlifters use, but the legs have been modified so that they are 
spread apart like a  sawhorse. It has been carefully made and the chrome 
gleams brightly in the lights. To one side she sees a cameraman, filming her. 
Now she has some inkling of what is going to happen,  but her struggles are 
futile in  the grip of the two muscular men. They force her to kneel down at 
one end of the bench, with her upper body resting on the padded seat. One of 
them pulls her sweater and blouse upwards and secures a wide leather strap 
around her waist, fastening her to the bench. While the other man holds her 
legs, the first pulls her clothes over her head and arms and tosses them to 
one side. He then fastens another strap around her back, just below her arms. 
Drawing her arms down, he secures them to the legs of the bench on either 
side with more straps, two around each wrist and two near her elbows. 

Having effectively immobilized her upper body, they turn their attention to 
her legs. They unfasten her skirt and pull it down, then her panties. Her 
efforts to kick them are almost completely futile. One of the men makes some 
adjustment to the bench, moving the rear legs somehow. He then fastens her 
legs to the legs of the bench, one each side, so that they are spread apart 
about two feet at the knees. He fastens a strap around each thigh just above 
her knees, then another at the top of her thighs. Her sex is now completely 
exposed to view. He then fastens her ankles to two bars that extend 
horizontally from the bench legs, so that she cannot move her legs at all.

Next, one of the men positions a large mirror in front of her, angled 
slightly up. In it she can see the audience behind her, staring hungrily at 
her naked body. He then deflates her gag and removes it. Before she can do 
more than lick her lips, he proceeds to fit her with another, different, gag. 
This is a double gag, made in two pieces. First he fits a ring shaped piece, 
which is made of rubber covered steel. It is about an inch and a half 
diameter, with two U-shaped pieces that extend a short way forward, out, then 
back on either side. At the end of these Us is a hinge, with a metal bar 
attached. Leather straps are attached to each bar. The device looks a bit 
like a pair of sunglasses for a cyclops. He positions the ring between her
teeth, then fastens the straps fairly tightly behind her head. She can close
her lips almost fully and  the U shaped sides mean that the corners of her
mouth assume a fairly natural position without being pulled back.The hinged
bars prevent her from tipping the ring on its side and closing her mouth. 
Satisfied with the position of the ring, the man then inserts the centre 
portion of the gag, which is another inflatable type. He fastens the strap 
behind her head, then inflates the gag fairly hard. He then produces a small 
metal frame with two legs which he inserts into sockets on either side of the 
bench, so that it is positioned across her back. In the mirror she can see 
that it has a concave center portion, and short padded arms either side. He
pulls her head back and secures it in the center of the frame with a strap
around her forehead, then adjusts the arms so that they grip her head on each
side firmly. She is now unable to move her head more than a slight amount. 
The position of her head, tilted back so that she faces straight ahead,  is
not particularly uncomfortable as the frame bears most of its weight. 

Meanwhile the other man checks the straps around her legs, then wipes her 
exposed sex with a silk handkerchief that feels slightly damp on her skin. In 
the mirror, she can see another camera set up in the audience. The audience 
seems to stir excitedly. The two men have left her now, and she wonders what 
is going to happen. Then in the mirror a large dog moves into view. He is 
undecided for a moment as the audience wait quietly. Smelling her, he moves 
toward her cautiously. She tries to scream, to shout, to kick out but it is 
impossible; she is too well bound and gagged. Sniffing her hindquarters, he 
comes closer. Why did I ever come here with that treacherous lowlife, she 
thinks, as she tries to make some movement to repel the dog. Suddenly, the 
dog starts to lick her, his long tongue working up her crack, between her 
lips. It feels really good; no man ever had such a tongue. He keeps licking, 
working up the mouth of her vagina and rubbing her clitoris. She tries to 
resist, but it is too intense. Her body betrays her with a sudden orgasm.

After what seems like a long period of licking, the dog, his penis now erect 
and glistening slightly, moves forward to mount her. She finds this concept 
degrading, and tries to pull away, but her bonds do not permit more than a 
fraction of an inch of movement - hardly enough to disturb the dogs actions. 
It climbs up on her back and grips her around the waist with its front legs, 
then pumps forward to insert its penis. Her sex is open and well lubricated 
by this time and the dog has no trouble, ramming its penis well into her 
vagina. She can feel the soft fur on the inside of its legs rubbing against 
her legs and buttocks. Some men in the audience cheer as the dog gets into 
its stride, pumping vigorously. The dog seems tireless, and she feels 
another orgasm coming, then another, and another.

Finally the dog ejaculates into her with a last, strong, thrust but does not 
withdraw as a man might since the engorged knot on its penis is caught in her 
vagina. There is silence for a moment, then some stirring in the audience as 
one of the two handlers comes up on stage and removes the center, inflatable, 
portion of the gag from her mouth. Again she barely has time to moisten her 
lips, but this time the man thrusts his erect penis into her mouth. She is 
unable to move her head away, and the ring of the outer gag prevents her from 
closing her teeth upon his member. He thrusts deeper into her mouth, pushing 
his penis into the upper part of her throat, which is held open by the 
position her head is secured in. Suddenly he comes, sending bursts of semen 
straight down her throat. When he withdraws, she can see that the members of 
the audience have lined up beside the stage, and that another penis is ready 
for her. As it is thrust home in her mouth, she realizes that she is 
expected, or rather constrained, to service at least thirty men one after the 
other.

After maybe a dozen men have had their turn, the dog finally withdraws and is 
led away. One of the men takes this opportunity to enter her from behind, so 
that she feels two penises pumping into her simultaneously. At last  after 
what seems like an age the men have all satisfied themselves, and she hopes 
they will finally release her. There is some discussion between the handlers 
and the audience, and to her dismay the dog is lead back on stage. This time 
it is brought around in front of her, and she realizes what they intend. With 
some encouragement, the dog is persuaded to mount her from in front, its 
penis now thrusting into her mouth. She can feel the different shape of the 
dogs penis as it pumps away. After a little while she feels some sort of 
cool, wet substance being smeared between her buttocks, and she is aware that 
one of the men has decided to use another entrance. With a quick thrust 
her enters her, stretching her anus to accommodate his erect penis. As he 
thrusts from behind, the dog continues to pump away in her mouth, finally 
ejaculating down her throat. Again, the knot in his penis is enlarged, and 
cannot withdraw past the ring, so she waits, her view of the mirror obscured 
by the dog's body. This time, several of the men take turns to fuck her from 
behind, either anally or vaginally. At last, the dog withdraws, and the men 
finish with her. 

Surely now, she thinks, they will let her go. They must have enough material, 
filmed enough perverted acts. But no. One of the handlers reinserts the 
inflatable gag and pumps it up firmly, and to her horror she sees in the
mirror the other handler leading a donkey onto the stage, towards her. 

The End

