     I had just come home from work and had let Bosco, my german shepard 
out to the back yard to relieve himself. I remember feeling sorry for 
myself as I sat on the sofa moping. My boyfriend and I had broken up 
last month and it seemed that this time we would not be getting back 
together again. I came home one day and he was gone. He left a note 
apologizing for falling in lust with another woman and that I could keep 
the dog. I started thinking about all the love making we did. He was 
excellent at eating pussy. And could he fuck. Many times all night and 
in every hole in my body. I took off my panties and began to feel up my 
pussy. I stuck 1, 2 and then 3 fingers as deep as they would go up my 
snatch and with my other hand I savagely went at my clit. I was in a 
deep trance and could almost feel my "X" eating my pussy. I lifted my 
legs up into the air and spread them wide apart so he could also get to 
my ass. I could feel myself orgasm as I reached for his head  and
thrusted it up and down. 
     I suddenly came out of my trance and realized that everything felt 
too real. Who was between my legs eating my pussy? Who just made me have 
an orgasm? And who's head was I holding between my legs? I opened my 
eyes and could not believe what I saw. There was Bosco, my german 
shepard, between my legs going at my pussy with all of his might. He had 
come in and just helped himself to a little pussy. Well I let out a yell 
and closed my legs fast as he took off for the bedroom. I felt disgusted 
at what just happened and went right into the shower where I stayed for 
nearly an hour cleaning myself off of his germs. I even douche my pussy. 
I could not believe I had sex with my dog. I know some women get into 
that sort of thing, but I never thought I would ever stoop down that low 
and allow this sort of thing to happen to me. But it felt so good and so 
real. Like a real man. 
     I began to feel real strange. I began thinking about Bosco and what 
he did to give me pleasure. The thought of me getting into beastiality 
was turning me on. Before I knew it, I had a hand between my legs 
rubbing myself and thinking about Bosco. I now new what I wanted to do. 
I was going to do it with my dog. The one that just disgusted me was now 
making me horny.
     I came out of the bathroom, still naked and walked into the bedroom 
where I was met by Bosco. He was wagging his tail as if nothing had 
happened. I kneeled down next to him and said what a naughty thing he 
did to me. He just wagged his tail and began licking my face. Soon he 
moved down and began licking my breast. You don't waste any time, I said 
to him. My nipples were getting hard as he brushed them with his tongue. 
My tits were soaked with his saliva. Well, are you going to eat my pussy 
out again or are you just going to lick my tits for ever, I said to him. 
He just kept licking my tits and stomach. I was curious to see what size 
cock he had between his legs, so I laid down on my side towards his 
rear. At that moment he sniffed a little and found my now moist pussy 
waiting for him. He wasted no time as he began licking my pubic hairs 
and then my clit. I opened my legs to accommodate him. We were in sort 
of a 69 position but not directly under him, sort of on his left side. I 
could see his cock clearly now. It was bright red and had a pointed tip, 
a thick center and a knot at its base just in front of his 2 balls. Only 
half of his cock was sticking out of its cover. By my estimates it had 
to be 8 inches long overall. I was glad that he had a large cock. 
     I put my hand around it and began stroking it. It was smooth and 
slippery. With that he began to thrust his rear forward and was fucking 
my hand. At the same time, his cock began to grow and became completely 
exposed. The whole thing just came out of its cover. It was huge. He was 
humping my hand faster now and I could hardly hold on to it. It soon 
slipped out of my hand and he lunged forward still thrusting his rear 
and wound up behind me. He then turned around, and mounted me. I could 
feel his cock rubbing up against the side of my thigh. I knew he wanted 
to plow that huge tool into my waiting pussy and I knew the time had 
come to let him in.
     I thought for a few seconds how we were going to do it and what 
position to take to get as much of that cock into me as possible. I 
decided to do it the way nature intended it to be done. They don't call 
it doggie style for nothing. I called him off me and got up to assume 
the doggie position. I got on all fours and shoved my ass up to his 
face. He wasted no time. He licked my entire pussy and ass until they 
were soping wet. He then put one paw on my back and lifted himself up 
and over me. He was quite heavy and huge, covering me almost completely. 
I was having a hard time holding him and myself up. I didn't think it 
would work. He then wrapped his paws tightly around my waist and began 
thrusting his rear forward. I was at the point of no return now. There 
was no way of stopping this animal. He was going to fuck me now and that 
was that. 
     I could feel his cock poking around at my rear as he tried to find 
my love cave. His cock was a little low cause I felt it brushing against 
my pubic hairs and massage my clitoris. I then lowered my rear end a 
little. I felt his cock nudge at the entrance to my pussy and knew he 
was getting close. I then felt his cock start to enter me. I felt a 
small amount of pain on my vaginal walls  as  they  stretched  to
accommodate his huge penetrating cock. I felt him go deeper and deeper 
inside me as he fucked me faster and harder. It was all I could do to 
hold on for the ride of my life. Soon I felt the tip of his cock nudge 
at my "G" spot. The feeling sent chills up and down my spine as I 
achieved one of many orgasms that night. He fucked me for what seemed 
like 10 minutes. He'd slow down for a while and then speed up again. He 
growled at me a few times for moving and making his cock slide out. It 
quickly found its way up in me again. 
     I felt something growing inside me. It felt like a baseball was 
forming at the tip of his cock. I wondered if it was that knot in his 
cock I noticed earlier. Anyway this thing kept growing inside me. It 
felt great at first but kept growing and became uncomfortable. When the 
knot grew to its full size, Bosco stopped fucking me and began to 
dismount. Only problem was he couldn't get his cock out of my pussy. The 
huge knot at the end of his cock was preventing him from pulling out of 
me. He did manage to swing his rear leg over me and dismount but we were 
still stuck, only he was facing the other way and his cock was bent back 
and inside me. I began to worry that we would stay in this position for 
ever but remembered that dogs always got stuck for a while then separate 
after the male finishes shooting his load, so it must also be true that 
when a dog fucks a woman, they too will get stuck. Anyway I  felt
something hot coming from his cock and figured it was him starting to 
ejaculate. It soon began seeping out between his cock and my vaginal 
walls and running down my legs. It was a gush.
     I made the best of it and for the next half hour I massaged my clit 
till I came several times. I also played with his balls a bit. This made 
him pant faster and get more excited. I soon felt the knot start to 
deflate fast and in an instant his now limp cock slid out of me. He 
licked his cock clean and went off to sleep for the night.
     The next morning Bosco was standing over me on the bed. His cock 
larger than ever. I guess he was waiting for me to suck it or something. 
He wouldn't leave me alone till I satisfied his sexual needs. I reached 
under and began stroking it gently at first then faster till it grew to 
full length. I got under him and drew his cock to my mouth and took it 
in. I proceeded to give him a blow job and drew his entire cock almost 
down my throat. He soon ejaculated in my mouth and I swallowed every bit 
of it.
     Well I'm sure glad my "X" boyfriend gave me Bosco. He helped me 
forget about him really fast.
