
                               FEMALE, BESTIALITY

                                 Title Unknown
                                 Author Unknown

                          Snagged off another pathetic
                             FIDO-hell BBS 12/30/92

      I'd just come home from work and had let Bosco, my German Shepard out to
the backyard to relieve himself. I remember feeling sorry for myself as I sat
on the sofa moping.

      My boyfriend and I had broken up last month and it seemed that this time
we wouldn't be getting back together again. I came home one day and he was
gone. He left a note apologizing for falling in lust with another woman and
that I could keep the dog.

      I started thinking about all the love making we did. He was excellent at
eating pussy. And could he fuck. Many times all night and in every hole in my
body. I took off my panties and began to feel up my pussy.

      I stuck 1, 2 and then 3 fingers as deep as they'd go up my snatch and
with my other hand I savagely went at my clit. I was in a deep trance and could
almost feel my "X" eating my pussy. I lifted my legs up into the air and spread
them wide apart so he could also get to my ass. I could feel myself orgasm as I
reached for his head and thrusted it up and down.

      I suddenly came out of my trance and realized that everything felt too
real. Who was between my legs eating my pussy?

      Who just made me have an orgasm?

      And who's head was I holding between my legs?

      I opened my eyes and couldn't believe what I saw. There was Bosco, my
German Shepard, between my legs going at my pussy with all of his might. He'd
come in and just helped himself to a little pussy.

      Well I let out a yell and closed my legs fast as he took off for the
bedroom.

      I felt disgusted at what had just happened and went right into the shower
where I staid for nearly an hour cleaning myself off of his germs. I even
douched my pussy.

      I couldn't believe I'd sex with my dog. I know some women get into that
sort of thing, but I never thought I would ever stoop down that low and allow
this sort of thing to happen to me. But it felt so good and so real. Like a
real man.

