Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



"Doggies"

 My Tape Diary, by Debbie Maxwell

	Today me and Ginger were lying out by our pool 
sunbathing. We were wearing the new bathing suits my Daddy 
bought us when he came home from his trip last week. It's the first 
time I've had a really nice bathing suit, a bikini, and it's really small, 
just a triangle of cloth about four inches on a side over my trickle, 
and two little triangles about two inches on a side where my titties 
are starting to grow. Ginger's suit is the same size, even though 
she's got nice big titties and hair on her trickle. She calls it her 
cunny, but I still call mine my trickle cause that's what Daddy and I 
have always called it. I like Ginger. She used to live next door but 
after Mummy left she came and started helping Daddy around the 
house and now she lives with us. She's really old. She's 21. 

	When Daddy gave us the new bathing suits we put them on 
and showed him how nice they were. I'd better trim the hair on my 
cunny said Ginger because this suit is so small it sticks out around 
the edge! She was right too because there was her reddy hair all 
around the little patch of cloth. I don't have to worry about that I said 
because I don't have any hair there and Ginger and Daddy looked 
at my suit  where it was over my trickle and Ginger said that my hair 
would start to grow soon because my titties had started to grow. 
When your hair starts to grow  there it won't me so easy to see 
where your crack is, she said and I looked down and my suit was 
partly slipped into my trickle crack and  you could see the bumpy 
lips parts on both sides of my crack sticking out and I said Oh! and 
Ginger said It's okay honey, I used to love it when mine was like 
that because men always like to look at little girls in their bathing 
suits, don't they Henry and she looked at my Daddy and he said  
'm, yeah, yeah they do and I liked it that he liked looking at me 
Tcause he must think I'm pretty and I like it that my Daddy thinks I'm 
pretty.

	Anyway today we were lying by the pool and after awhile I 
looked over and Ginger was reading a book, something about  
keeping your dog clean I guess, called Golden Shower Doggy. 
She had her other hand down the front of her bikini bottoms. I 
could see the way her fingers were moving under the little piece of 
cloth and it looked like she was scratching herself. Is your trickle, I 
mean your cunny itchy Ginger? I asked her and she looked over at 
me and said A little, I think it's this new bikini, it seems to slip into 
my crack. Does yours do the same? I looked down at mine and it 
was a little into my crack because I could tell where my crack was 
just by looking at it, just like when Daddy was looking at me. See, 
she said, it's slipping into your crack. If it bothers you, just put your 
hand down the front and adjust it. But I left it the way it was, I kind of 
liked the way it rubbed inside my crack when I moved my legs. I  
went back to sunbathing and Ginger went on with her book.

	Then one of our two golden Labs came round the corner 
from the side of the house. Really they're Ginger's dogs but she 
brought them with her when she came to live with us because we 
have a nice private back yard and they stay off the street that way. 
Anyway Flash came over to where I was lying and sniffed at right at 
my trickle! His cold nose felt funny because it bumped up against 
my leg right up where they come together and on my trickle bump 
too. Oh Flash! I said and laughed at what he was doing. Ginger 
looked over and said What's Flash doing honey although she 
could see what he was doing. He's sniffing my trickle I said Why is 
he doing that? 

	Ginger put her book down and turned sort of halfway over to 
look at what was going on. I guess her trickle was still itchy 
because she still had her hand in her bikini bottoms. Dogs sniff 
everything she said, they like to know what everything smells like. 
What does it feel like? she asked and I said his nose feels sort of 
nice when it bumps against my trickle. Let him get a good sniff and 
he'll probably be happy and go away she said. I said it feels nice 
and I don't want him to go away when it feels nice and I let my legs 
go open off to the sides and he came right up between them. Open 
your legs nice and wide, honey, said Ginger, and let the nice 
doggy get a good smell of your trickle, so I lifted my legs up and 
spread them off even wider. That's right said Ginger, now maybe 
he can't smell you well enough because your bathing suit is in the 
way. If you want you can pull it off to the side and let him smell your 
trickle without your bathing suit being in the way. Gosh I don't know 
I said wouldn't it be naughty to let the doggy sniff my bare naked 
trickle. Naw she said, it's okay, I think it's good to be friendly with 
your pets.

	Just then the other dog came out and she said See I'll show 
you what I mean, if you like you copy what I do with Squirter. She 
lay back on her back and lifted and spread her legs like mine. Here 
Squirter she said and Squirter ran up to her and got in between 
her legs and sniffed at her cunny. Here, boy, she said, and pulled 
her bathing suit bottoms off to the side and I looked over and her 
cunny was all bare naked and open wide. I could see her fine 
reddy hair and all the parts inside her cunny slit. Well I thought If 
Ginger does it, it must be okay and I pulled my bathing suit bottoms 
off to one side and looked down to see what Flash would do. 

	He sniffed at me a little and then I felt his cold nose on my 
trickle just by my pee hole and I  giggled and looked over at Ginger 
to see if she was watching me. But she was looking down between 
her own legs at Squirter and he was sniffing her cunny. Then I saw 
his tongue come out and he licked at Ginger's cunny! Oh! I said 
Squirter licked you right on your trickle - your cunny! Ooo, I know! 
said Ginger, pushing her cunny up a little so it was closer to 
Squirter. That felt nice, do it again, doggy! she said and she held 
her cunny at both sides and spread her crack open some more. 
Squirter looked up at her and wagged his tail and then looked 
back down at her trickle and licked it again. His tongue went all the 
way up Ginger's crack right from the bottom up past her pee hole to 
her bumpy place at the top. Aaaah! she said and pushed her cunny 
up again.

	Wow I thought Ginger really likes it and I looked down at 
Flash and he was looking at me wagging his tail and I said Come 
on Flash, lick my trickle! He wagged his tail again and I said Lick 
me Flash! and right while I was watching he gave my trickle a big 
long lick right from the bottom to the top! Wow! I said, Wow wow 
wow! because it felt so good I never felt like that before. Lick it 
some more, Flash! I said and I copied Ginger and held my trickle 
crack wide open so he could lick me all over inside it and he did.

	The doggy licked my trickle and made me feel all funny. I 
didn't want him to stop. The more he licked me the better it felt and I 
liked watching him do it, too. The feeling made me want to push my 
trickle up and down and help him, so I did and  he did it some 
more. Ginger watched the doggy licking my trickle and said Feels 
good, huh, and it was funny like I couldn't breathe fast enough and 
I said It sure does! and the feeling got better and better and wow 
wow wow I can still remember how good it felt and I'm holding onto 
my trickle right now while I'm talking into my tape recorder and ooo, 
it feels good! Ummm, wow!

	Anyway, after I felt good he went away and I just lay and got 
my breath back. After awhile we went inside and Ginger asked me 
where the dog made me feel good. In my trickle I said and she said 
Show me so  I pulled my bikini off to the side like when the doggy 
licked my and she knelt down in front of me and said Open your 
little cunny crack, honey and show me where the nice doggy made 
you feel all good. So I made my legs go all open more 
and I showed her and she touched me there and rubbed my 
bumpy place a little.  We lay down on her bed and she asked me 
where I liked the doggy licking me. I showed her and she said she 
would pretend she was a dog  and said Woof Woof and sniffed me 
all over and down between my legs. Then she licked me like Flash 
did and sucked on my trickle too and after she made me feel good I 
did it to her. She said we could do it any time we wanted to.
	
Then we heard the doggies coming and they came in and jumped up 
on the bed with us and we petted them and they wanted to lsniff us 
again in between our legs so we let them because it felt so nice. After 
they did it for awhile Ginger said My goodness look Squirter has a 
funny thing sticking out from his tummy I wonder what it can be and 
I looked underneath Flash and he had one too! I wonder what they are, 
and what will happen if we play with them said Ginger. I don't know I said 
What sort of games can we play with them?

Let's play leapfrog said Ginger and she got on her hands and 
knees in front of Squirter and said Up boy! But Squirter didn't jump 
over her, he just put his front paws around her waist like he was 
hugging her. He's hugging you I said he must be showing that he 
loves you. I know he does said Ginger He's a nice doggy, aren't 
you boy I'm going to pat him and she reached back between her 
legs and her hand touched his long thing. Oh, it's all cold she said, 
I bet he needs to get it warm and she lifted it up and put the tip of it 
by her cunny hole. Squirter pushed forward and pushed his long 
pointy thing into her cunny hole!  Gosh Ginger why is he doing that 
I said I don't know she said His thing was pretty cold, maybe he 
wants to warm it up by putting it inside me. See if Flash wants to 
get his thing warm she said and I made Flash get on top of me and 
pushed my bum up and he squatted down and put his thing in my 
hole to warm it up. But his thing wasn't cold, it was nice and warm, 
and long. He couldn't seem to decide whether he wanted it in or 
out because he kept taking it out partway and then putting it back in 
again. He did it slow at first and then he did it faster and faster and 
it felt really good when he did it and I said Wow Ginger he's making 
it go in and out of my hole! and Ginger said That's funny, that's 
what Squirter is doing with me and then I got the good feeling and 
just after that Flash stopped moving and sort of shivered and I 
could feel his thing way up inside me and I felt that stuff was 
coming out of it and going into my insides. 

Oh! I said and Ginger said What? and I said I think Flash is peeing inside 
me, I can feel something coming out of his thing way up inside me and she 
said Oh no honey that's not pee, he's just putting some nice cream in 
your hole to make you feel nice, it feels nice, doesn't it and I said 
Yeah it does! I wonder how he knew that, he must be a clever 
doggy! And then Ginger said Ooo, Squirter's putting his cream 
inside me now, ooo it feels so good! When the doggies finished 
making their cream go inside of us they got off us and I was all tired 
and feeling lazy and so was Ginger and we both lay down and let 
the doggies lick our trickles again because we wanted them to do 
all the work! Ginger showed me how to reach inside my hole and it 
was all gooshy inside from the creamy stuff. She said to get some 
of the doggy cream on my fingers and see what it looked like and it 
was sort of whitish and a little runny and she said it tastes good too, 
look and she licked her fingers off and I copied her and it did taste 
nice and I could taste some of my own taste on my fingers too, 
mixed with the doggy stuff. Then we made our legs go open again so they 
could lick us some more because it felt so good.

	Daddy came home while the dogs were licking us and 
Ginger told him what the doggies had been doing playing leapfrog 
but not leaping over us, just getting their things warm in our holes 
and then putting the cream in them and  then she said I bet your 
little girl would like to show you how Flash put his thing in her hole 
and I thought it would be neat to get my Daddy to put his thing in 
my hole just like the doggy had done so I got down on my hands 
and knees and he got behind me and I said You have to pretend 
you're a doggy, Daddy and he said Woof Woof then and I laughed 
and Ginger laughed and he put his thing by my trickle and then I 
helped him put it in me by holding my trickle hole open. 

	It was a little longer than the doggy's thing and thicker too 
and it felt all nice when it went in and I said See this is what Flash 
did Daddy, isn't it a funny thing to do? and he said Yeah, and I said 
is your thing all nice and warm inside my trickle hole Daddy? and 
he said oh yeah and he started moving it in and out and I giggled 
and said That's what the doggy did, he couldn't decide whether he 
wanted his thing inside my hole or not and he kept changing his 
mind and first taking it almost out and then putting it back in, just 
like you're doing and Daddy said I guess I'm just like Flash then 
woof woof! and I laughed and I said Are you going to put cream 
inside my hole like the doggy did? and he said Would you like me 
to? and I said Oh yeah, it felt really neat, I could feel it splashing 
inside me and besides I got the good feeling when he did it and 
Daddy said okay they I'll do it for my little girl and soon I felt the 
squirt squirt squirt of the stuff up inside me and I felt so good! I got 
the good feeling and just kept getting it, one time after another 
while he did it to me.

	I'm going to go to sleep now, but first of all I'm going to play 
with my trickle and make myself feel all nice. I bet we'll have more 
fun tomorrow!















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....