Subject: Repost: A Guide to Canine Sex
From: zilch@flatearth.xs4all.nl (Zilch)
Date: Tue, 14 Mar 1995 16:43:00 +0100
Message-ID: <031495164336Rnf0.79b6@flatearth.xs4all.nl>

>Subject: Doing it with Dogs
>Date: Sun, 10 Jul 1994 15:23:23 GMT
>Lines: 705


---------- A Guide To Canine Sex -----------


Zoofili, sexual intercourse with animals, has for a long time
been a forbidden subject, considered 'sick', unethical and
'kinky' to name only a few classifications. With this text I
would like to illuminate one of the kinds within animal sex,
namely Canine sex, Dog sex as you would call it. The reason
why I write this is to share my knowledge of this kind with
other women, who have a similar interest, or who have considered
having sex with dogs, but not dared to, or who have not known
how to go about or who have not known it existed.


HISTORY
Zoofili isn't something newly invented, something our 'modern
depraved human brains have fallen into', in fact it goes
thousands of years back in time, believe it or not.
Allready before the Hellas Empire (the Greek) there are
legends of humans having intercourse with animals, or half
animals. It's quite interesting to read those stories, as a
woman, the male is played by an animal and the female by a human
woman. Oftenly the texts are very detailed, and most of the
times the women get pregnant, giving birth to gods, half-
animals or humans with animal looks.
Wether one should believe these stories or not, I don't
know, but at least it shows us that even before our so called
modern time there was some thought of animal intercourse.
Whether it occured or not, we don't know for sure, but the
thought isn't hard.

With the increasing technology mankind left the fields for the
cities, and by doing this we also left the farms, which has
created a large gap between man and animals, so you could
probably think that zoofili has decreased dramaticly, but it's
not that simple. Moving to flats in highly populated areas has
of course led to having only some pets in the homes, with this
the closeness pet-human has increased, and many households
have shown that pets, especially dogs, have become a part of
the Eastern way of living, the dog has become almost a member
of the family, sleeping, eating and beeing a part of the daily
routine in a home. This has increased the chance for women to
enjoy animal sex, most of the sexual relations has in fact
started quite innocent. Some of the women I have met tells me
that it started after looking at the dog doing his daily
cleaning - that is licking himself and that they had started
to fondle with his penis, others tell me their's started by
accident when the dog was sexual active and sniffed between
their legs, some say it started with the dog trying to hump
their legs, as dogs can do when they seek sexual relieve.

It's quite hard to give any accurate figures in sex with
animals, it's after all taboo, but some reports like the German
'The Haffner Sex Report', from 1992, tells us that about 14%
of the farmers on a regular basis practises sex with animals,
this includes all kinds of animals found on the farm and of
course even men included in the practicing of animal sex.
The report also tells us that another 3% of the farmers have at
some point 'fooled around' that is, masturbated the animal,
played with its genitals etc. This German report based on
several thousands of interviews also shows that about 2-3% of
all women has at some point tried some kind of dog sex, most
of these from populated areas. About 80% of these women have
continued having dog sex on a regular basis.
This I know from experience, that is if done correctly. Dog
sex can be very stimulating, and if done the 'proper' way even
more exciting than a 'normal' human to human intercourse...
It's very easy to go on with animal sex, most women have fantasies
about animal sex, to be taken by a wild animal, to enjoy it as
much as the animal, to feel that specific animal lust within your-
self... women thinking of animal sex might seem rare, but the
truth is contrary. Psychological studies shows that more than
80% of all women has at some point fantisized or dreamt about
begin taken by an animal, so it's merely a decision of actually
doing it, and if you dare, you will be very happy you tried,
believe me...


INTRODUCTION
Last but not least, I would like to introduce myself to you
before we continue in this introduction to Canine Sex. My name
is Anna, the rest I wish to keep unknown for the readers, due
to the fact I'm a rather respected person in society. I have
been a dog fanatic all my life, and I hope that my knowledge
will make it easier for those who would like to try dog sex or
allready have tried and want some hints to make it even more
pleasing. I have been having sexual intercourse on a regular
basis for almost 18 years, the first time was when I was
pretty young, about 16, and unexperienced, but liking to
experiment with my body. I had had 2 or 3 boys before that
encounter, but they were as unexperienced as me, and I hadn't
received any pleasure at all. Making love to my dog changed
all that for me, it was in fact my dog who gave me my first
orgasm, and it was a reel one. At the age of 23 I started a kennel
club on the Italian Riviera, including breeding facility. The
kennel is quite respected, mostly dealing with pure races or
mixed ones of 'high quality'. During this time I have made
love to hundreds of dogs, just enjoying to do it with
different ones, but of course I have had my favourites. I have
dog sex almost every day, and sometimes on weekends when the
staff is away, and I'm alone with my husband, I let the dogs
make love to me several times, just lying helpless, enjoying
orgasm after orgasm. As I told you I like to make love to
several dogs, and on weekends when the kennel is closed, I
oftenly make love all day with my husband and 6-7 favourite
dogs. We both enjoy it immensly, my husband isn't the jealous
one, at least not when it comes to dogs making love to me, and
he enjoys watching me receiving orgasm after orgasm.

I have 2 small children, a boy and a girl, so on the exterior
you might say my family look's like an 'ordinary' one. But you
don't have to be different because you make love to dogs, the
differenc is that you have discovered how more pleasing it is.

I hope that what I hearby share with you will come to good use,
and that you will enjoy dog sex, and the fantastic joy you can
experience...

In this guide I will cover cunnilingus, vaginal sex and last
fellatio. Anal sex can be performed, but I find that you have
to be very experienced with anal sex when you want to make love
with a dog in that way, so I have decided not to cover that
subject.


CUNNILINGUS
Cunnilingus is when someone (in this case dog) uses his
tongue on the woman's genitals. Anyone who have experienced
cunnilingus with a man, or a woman, knows that it is extremly
pleasurable, however it's very tireing for the person who does
it. The dog's tonuge is build completly different from a
human. His tounge has big muscles wich he can use a longer
time without getting tired. But what makes cunnilingus so much
better with a dog is the construction of his tonuge, and the
eagerness he oftenly does it with.
The dog's tonuge is, as you probably know, quite big. Thin but
broad and long, and very flexible. Anyone who has been licked
by a dog (on hands etc...) knows that the surface of it is
much rougher than a human's.
To a male dog, cunnilingus is something natural to perform. As
I told you earlier, many of the relations between woman and
dog has started by accident. The female odour from her vagina
reminds the male dog very much of the bithes'. Especially if
the woman is having her period, during this time the vagina is
giving out a specially strong odour. When it comes to dogs and
mating procedure, that is the signal for the male dog. When a
bitch is in heat it's genitals gets bloodfilled, swollen and
gives out a higher amount of odour. The bitch will then, when
given a chance, turn her back to the dog, to show the dog that
she is ready to be mounted. The male dog will then oftenly
sniff att her vagina and lick at it for some time. It's not
known why dog's do this, but it's a reflex. After some time he
will mount her.
This procedure works the same at women. When a dog feels the
scent he will approach you and start to sniff, after that he
will try to lick you. It's good if the dog is very young and
unexperienced, then you will be able to train him to lick you
the way you want to, because when it comes to sex, the dogs
are very quick learners... more about ages of dogs in the
chapter about Basic Canine Sexual Understanding.
There are several ways to let the dog perform his cunnilingus.
The easiest, and the one that gives you most control, and also
lets you see most of the act is when you lie on your back, the
dog between your legs, on the ground or in bed. Oftenly the dog,
if he is unexperienced in making love to women, is a little
frustrated, he doesn't recognise this. It doesn't remind him of
making love to a bitch. Therefore it's positive if you guide him
with your hands by grabbing gently around his neck. Once he
sniffs and starts licking you can let him go, he will remain down
there all by himself.
The feeling of getting licked by a dog is undescribable. The
roughness of his tonuge touching your lips, his tongue
massaging your clitoris....well you just have to experience
that yourself.... By parting your legs as much as possible,
you will give your lover maximum access to your femeninity.
And by parting your legs, your lips will also part, making the
clitoris fully exposed to your lover's tongue. Doing this he
will also try to insert his tongue inside you, seeking the
source of your secretions and cum. All you have to do is to
lean back and to let the expert on this do the job, enjoy!

There are several ways to let him lick you which you can
enjoy, another one is by putting a big pillow under your
buttocks, by doing this you will give him more access to your
love hole. The next one which I like to use most of the time
is when I place myself with the back of my legs towards the
bed, and then 'fall' backward on the bed, leaving my legs
hanging down from the knees towards the floor. This position
is very comfortable and gives your lover full access to your
love cave. These possitions assure you that you have full
access to what is happening, and that you are in control and
can supervise the sex act which only intensifies the orgasms.
At the same time the dog will not be able to mount you, even
if he tries to. All you have to do if he tries and you don't
want to is to close your legs...
A more daring position to receive cunnilingus which is very
pleasurable is when you stand 'doggie-style', that is on all
four with the dog behind you. The reason why it's daring is
that the dog will probably after some cunnilingus try to mount
you, due to the fact that you reassemble to the more natural
position he knows so familiar. If he tries to mount you it
might be difficult to escape his eagerness, that is if you
really don't want to 'go the entire way'. One way to 'escape' is
to raise yourself up on your knees, making it impossible for
him, but if he is heavy, you might be too weak to lift his
front paws off the ground. This position is for the more
experienced ones, that is, when you have had sex with your dog
several times, and you know him better. This position is also
very pleasurable. In this position you can part your legs
quite much, giving him full access to your crack. The
difference is that you will also give him access to your anal
opening. When he then performs his licking technique on your
vagina,  he will also give your anal region lovely tickeling
feelings. What is important is that your personal hygene has
to be very good. You have to make sure that you have washed
yourself before the act, especially around the anal region.
The reason, well there are all kinds of bacterias around
the anal opening, and his tounge will then spread them to your
vagina. It's not too risky, since his tongue wont get deeper
than a couple of centimeters, but you have to be very careful
with washing yourself so that you don't receive any infection
in your vagina. I should mention that the dogs mouth and
tounge is very clean, as clean as a human's. So you can't get
any infections from his tonuge at cunnilingus, it's only when
he licks your anal region he might spread the bacterias to
your vagina.

The male dog will lick you for quite some time at cunnilingus
bringing you off in an orgasm after another, his tonuge will
lick inside all folds, seek deep inside your body for the
juices your love cave produces, like no man has ever made.
However, if you have a problem with him licking you, maybe he
gets too eager and wants to mount you, or he looses interest
after some time, there is a way to improve his cunnilingus.
By applying some powder sugar from time to time on the opening
of your pussy, he will get more eager about licking you, the
double effect, caused by the sugar and your odour will drive
both him and you crazy. This way he will not go as deep as
earlier inside you, he will more lick your outsides. If you
wish him to put his tonuge inside you, there is another trick.
However this is quite 'messy'. Therefore it's good if you have
a big towell under you and another one to dry you off from
time to time, since your genitals will get all moisty, and
dripping with his saliva. The trick is as follows: You apply
some honey on your inner lips, around the clitoris, and then
you try to insert some honey into your vagina. The deeper you
get, the deeper he will seek for it with his tongue. The more
you apply the longer will he be at it. To apply it in your
body you can use your fingers or the ultimate way, a drop-
bottle, for instance an eye-dropper-bottle or similar. By
inserting it a couple of centimeters and letting a larger
amount of honey enter you, the liquid will be in your vagina,
spreading neatly. And when the tongue seeks for it, the honey
will try to move out of the pressure inside your vagina, thus
giving a constant pouring source, which will make your dog even
more eager in licking you, and which will make it the most
delightful orgasm you have ever received.

By also applying some honey or sugar on your tighs, breasts,
buttocks and belly, your dog will give you a lovely cleaning
act in which he washes your entire body clean with his tongue,
giving you great sensations...
However it is very important that you don't do this too often,
at the beginning of a relationship you can use this method to
train him, the reason is that too much sugar and honey will
cause your dog toth problems....


BASIC CANINE SEXUAL UNDERSTANDING
Having sex to a dog requires pretty much from the dog too. The
first time dogs have sex they learn their 'male' part, and
it's harder to change his way to act after he has learned
his part once. Therefore, if you want the ultimate experience
and life companion lover, then you should start with a puppet,
or a dog about 12-18 months old without any earlier knowledge
in sexual intercourse. Now I know that this is quite difficult
to arrange, after all you'll have to use what you have. As a
consolation I can assure you that training with the dog a
couple of weeks oftenly improves the act.

Although ultimate feeling, physically as well as mentally, is
when a dog makes love to you, you don't have to go the whole
way... although that is oftenly the highlight in the relation-
ship. But for those who think of having intercourse I would
like to say some things about the dogs' penises... Most think
that the dogs penises are huge or extremly tiny, this is a
normal missunderstanding. It's hard to give any accurate
figures about the dogs' penis when at erection due to the fact
that dogs have for a long time been mixed at breeding, creating
new breeds, with completly new features, as well as size of penis.
In this chart I have tried to give you as much of the truth about the
dogs, I have oftenly referred to the 'clean-breeds' that is the more
unmixed breed, but many dogs lack their ancestor's genes.


Breed                    Length (cm/inch)      Diameter (cm/inch)
________________________________________________________________

Cocker Spaniel           5  - 6    2  -3       1.5-2    0.5-1
Greyhound                6  - 7    2.5-3       1.5-2.5  0.5-1
Bulldog                  6  -12    2.5-5       2  -3    1
Dalmatian                8  -12    3  -4.5     2  -3    1
Collie                   10 -13    4  -5       2  -3    1
Labrador                 11 -15    4  -6       2.5-3    1
Red Setter               12 -15    4  -6       3  -4    1  -1.5
German Shepherd          12 -17    5  -7       3.5-5    1.5-2
Great Dane (Danois)      13 -20    5  -8       4  -6    1.5-2.5

For Comparison:
Male Human penis (avrg)  12 -18    4.5-7       3  -6    1  -2.5
________________________________________________________________


As you can see, the size of the penis when it's erected,
follows the size of the dog. The bigger the dog, the bigger
the penis. And if you compare it with the human male penis,
you find that several of the dogs have an average size equal
to the human. When speaking of human penises the size is not
so important they say, well I don't know if I can agree
completly. Of course it's the technique and the passion that
decides whether it feels good, but a thick penis feels even
better than a thin, due to the fact that the friction towards
the clitoris is higher, caused by the enlargement of the vagina.
When it comes to dogs, the size looses almost all importance
due to the way it's built. A dog's penis looks completly
different, at first sight, if compared to a male human. Instead
of having a foreskin like the human, it's entire shape is like
the tip of the human male, that means reddish, and very sensitive
to touches. The lack of foreskin, which has a function of
protecting the sensitive tip of the human penis, is equaled by
a 'coat' in which the entire penis withdraws when it's not erected.
This coat is furry, and denotes at first look if it's a male or
a female dog. The penis is much larger than the sheat is,
and when erected it draws back, at the same time the penis pushes
out and enlarges outside the sheat.
The penis is also looking different in it's basic looks.
Instead of having the so familiar and sensitive 'mushroom', like the
human, it is pointy at the tip, then growing larger after 2-3
cm. As you read earlier, the entire penis is as sensitive as
the human's tip.
At the front of the penis the dog has a small hole from which
he ejaculates, this looks a little different than a human
penis, which has a crack, otherwise the function is the same,
the size almost equivalent, but the pleasure can be even
greater... The reason, well, the dog is one of few animals
that have special 'features'. When a dog gets aroused his
penis erects and leaves the protective sheat. Unlike a human
the dog creates the sperm while his penis is erected, and he
is aroused. Another thing that differs is that the dog's penis
will 'cum' during the entire sex act, from the first moments
of erection to the end of the intercourse, this makes the
intercourse more pleasurable in many ways, which I will cover
later.
Another very interesting feature, is the one that makes the
sex act extremly pleasurable, the knot. When a dog enters the
bitch and starts his humping motion in her vagina, he also
starts cumming instantly. But after some time, when the male
dog reaches 'reel orgasm' then the base of his penis will
swell. The male dog will then try to push this knot inside the
bitche's vagina. Once inside he will not move any longer,
instead he will keep a constant pressure to assure that the
knot is really inside. During these seconds the knot will
start swelling even more inside the vagina to such a size that
it won't be able to extract. During this time the dog will
start to ejaculate even more intensly inside the vagina. The
knot's function will then be to keep the mating couple
together for some time, which I will cover later. The reason
is to ensure that the sperm is deposited deep inside the
vagina and to increase the chance for insemination. Many
women I have introduced to dog sex find that once performed,
it's the knot that really attracts them to making love with
the dog, and I do nothing but agree...

Now I know that women who look at the erected penis might
find it slimy and 'dirty'. The truth is it's more clean than a
human's penis. The dog licks himself clean several times a day,
now, how many times a week do you think a man washes his
penis? 3,4 or maybe even 5? The slime, is actually not slime.
The penis has a more 'rubber-like' material which makes it
'glancy'. Of course it's a little damp, but the wetness is
secretion, and when erected it's mostly pre-cum.


VAGINAL SEX
Finally you have decided that you want to go the whole way
with the love making, and I do nothing than congratulate. If
you follow the advice given in this text, and you're a lucky
dog owner, then you can experience one of few moments a woman
can. However, dogs are a lot like men, the first time with a
dog can be pretty frustrating. You might be unfamiliar with
the dog's reactions, the dog might be too excited and you
might be scared of the act afterwards. The first times it's
just like making love to a teenage boy, too hot... in other
words you might not enjoy it the first times, but training and
practice will after a couple of times bring you off in
fantastic orgasms, even better than an 'ordinary'-making would.

Making love to a dog can be very simple, as simple as making
love to a man, or even easier, since the dog wont have 'modes'
of readiness, he will always be ready for you. However I
recomend you to have these items handy when the itch starts,
just to make your pleasure even greater and to make it good
and unharmful for you.

- 2 pairs of socks, (4 socks- small size), the socks you will
put on your lover's paws to prevent them from scratching you.
This is of course not needed in all positions, but in most
you'd prefer to have the socks on his paws.

- 1 big towell, for placing under you, (or him), so that sperm
and your cum wont stain the bed, carpet, chairs, or whatever
you decide to make love on.

- 1 small towell or napkins, to dry your genitals from time to
time and after the session.

- 1 or several pillows to make it comfortable for you and to
place your vagina in such an angle to his penis it's both easy
and pleasurable for you and your canine lover.

- (small table- optional, directions for a good table will be
given later)

Now it's time to start the session. By letting the dog lick
you for some time, he will also get aroused from the act,
since he recognises your vaginal odour. Thus his penis will
erect. But if it's not fully erect you can help him get hard
by massaging the sheat for some time until the tip of his
penis appears. Then, by pulling the sheat forwards, and
backwards, just like you would do on a man with his foreskin,
you try to erect his entire penis. At the beginning it might
take you some time to understand what kind of treatment your
dog gets aroused from, but the dog's penis is very sensitive,
so you wont have too much trouble getting your lover hard and
ready for the joy.
You wont have to think too much about lubrication. If you let
the dog lick you for some time, that oftenly is enough, and as
you already know the dog starts cumming almost instantly when
his penis erects, at the beginning the spurts are very slow
and the amount of liquid is very small, but the more aroused
he gets the more liquid will he produce. It's important that
you dont arouse your dog more than needed with your hands,
because if he is unexperienced or it's the first time he makes
love to you, he might reach his orgasm very early, and then
I know that I would like him to be inside my body...
Now being prepared to make him enter you, you should be aware
of the fact that it will be quite 'messy' and you shouldn't be
afraid of getting his semen in your body, in fact it's very
hard not too when you want to make love to a dog. Therefore
it's wise to have a big towell under you so that his cum wont
stain any precious items. I should add that a dog's sperm CAN
NOT get you pregnant! Therefore you don't have to be afraid of
that problem.

There are several positions in which you can make love to your
dog, however the number of positions are fewer than making
love to a man due to the fact your lover is 4-legged. Each
position has an advantage, but it's good if you know something
about all positions, which one gives the most pleasure, in
which the penis enters you the deepest, in which your clitoris
is mostly stimulated and the most important, in which position
you are likely to end up in a 'tie' with the dog. Down here
follows a few of the positions, these are the ones that work
the best, but of course experimenting is the best way of
finding out which position you enjoy the most...

- Missionary position.
The missionary position is probably the most used position
thru time. In the missionary position the woman lies on her
back and the man is above. The missionary position can also be
used when making love to a dog, it gives the woman a chance to
supervise the entire session and to see the entire process.
The missionary position can be performed in bed or on the
floor. If the dog is a big one, it's good if you have 1 or
more pillows, the big 'hard' model is preferable, which can be
placed under your body. By placing them under your buttocks,
the lower part of your body will be in such an angle that the
penis can be inserted easily into your vagina. When in
position you guide your lover's penis, to make it easier for
him to enter you, and when he is inside you just try to relax.
The lubricating semen of his will make it extremly easy, and
within a few seconds he will start to make the so familiar
'humping' motions.
What is interesting and enjoyable is that the rythm is pretty
fast and the session is very wet.
The time the dog will hump depends very much on the dog and
his experience. The first times for a dog can be very fast, in
some cases less than a minute, in more trained dogs over 4-5
minutes, but don't be frustrated if the dog doesn't hump for
more than 2 minutes or so, he will learn to keep up with it
for a longer time by training with him often.
During the entire session the dog will cum inside you,
lubricating the walls of your vagina. But when a dog approaches
'reel' orgasm his penis will start to swell even more,
especially the base of his erection. Now this is the moment to
decide whether you should let him cum inside you and to let
him get in a tie with you or not. If you don't want to then
you try to push him away by grabbing gently around the base of
his penis, however it's the tie that makes it extremly
pleasurable, and by not coming in a tie with your lover, you
wont get the ultimate feeling. If you let him keep
humping you his penis will swell even more, and suddenly he
will stop with his entire shaft inside you, at the same time
you will feel how warm semen spurts inside you, his penis
pulsing. The amount of semen in each jet is increased, and the
waterish and tranparent appereance of it is changed into a
more whitish liquid which reminds very much of human sperm.
Just a few seconds later his penis reaches such a size that
the base of it will be up to 3 times the diameter. You might
think it will hurt immensly, this is however not true. The
base of the penis that has swollen to such a size is located
just inside the vagina, and the reason why it doesn't hurt is
that the vaginal opening isn't stretched. The knot will be in
your vagina where it's very flexible, instead of feeling pain
you will feel your body filled in a very pleasurable way. A
dog's body temperature is very much higher than a human's,
therefore you will feel his warm seed spurting deep inside the
vagina, and due to the pressure caused by his enlarged penis,
it will soon spread in your entire vagina, however nothing
will leak, due to the knot. During a minute or two you will
feel his penis swell even more, and you will probably panic at
some point when you think that he will swell to such a size he
will trash you... but that's not so. The vagina is very
flexible, don't forget that it's built in such a way it can
accomodate a babies head and body if needed to, but it's not
needed to when making love with a dog. The enlargement comes
slowly and the vagina accomodates to the size easily. During
the tie the dog might start to lick your face, the reason a
dog does this is to show his appreciation, to show his mate he
is thankful that he has been chosen to make her pregnant.
What is important to give a thought to before you end up in a
tie is that you don't really know how long you will be in a tie
with the dog. 'Normal' time for being in a tie is about 5-15
minutes. However it's not rare you find dogs end up in a tie
over 30-45 minutes, especially the bigger dogs. I can give you
an example, with a lover I have been in a tie for about
4-5 minutes which is the shortest, but with the same dog I
have been in a tie for over one hour. Therefore you should be
calm and have more free time than you would when making love
to a man. This is the main difference in the sex act between a
man and a dog. A dog wont leave you after he cums, instead he
will remain hard inside you, cumming all the time he is in you.
NOTE: that when you end up in a tie with the dog, don't try to
use force to pull out his penis. This can be painful for you
and can hurt the dog for life. Therefore it's important you
don't have to suddenly go to the kitchen to take something out
of the owen or similar.
When the knot has swollen in such a size it reaches it's
maximum your vagina will probably be full of his seed, and
there is more to cum... A dog produces about 2-6 times the
amount of sperm a man does! But after all that's not the thing
that will bring you off.
The missionary position will give you a maximum of clitorial
stimulation. But you will also get stimulation of your
clitoris and breasts by his fur, and it feels extremly
exciting having his humping body in contact with your naked
skin...
If you don't get yourself off before the tie (the thing I like
to do is to time my orgasm with the tie), you have plenty of
chance during the tie. Due to the knot just inside your
vaginal opening your labia will pout out, making the clitoris
protruding very much from between the vaginal lips. This gives
you an excellent chance to masturbate. It oftenly doesn't take
more than a few touches due to the fact his knot is pulsing
inside you, stimulating the clitoris from inside. It's during
these moments you can, if you're lucky, receive something
called Multiple Orgasms. This is something only women can
receive, not men. During multiple orgasm, your body will be
flooded by an orgasm after another, your vagina twitching and
squeezing your lover's penis uncontrollably for several
minutes, leaving your body in a state of frenzy! This is the
ultimate feeling a woman can receive from a penis and only 10%
of all women will receive this ultimate feeling when making
love to man. Now I know from experience that that chance is
increased immensly when making love to a dog, due to the
presecne of his penis, and the fabulous knot inside, which
gives unmerciful stimulation during the entire tie.
During the later part of the tie you will feel your lover's
penis start to get smaller, and you will also feel that his
spurts aren't as powerful as earlier. The liquid will also
consist of less sperm and a more clinging substance. The
reason of this is to 'close' the entrance to your womb, to
create something like a plug to hold the sperm that has
entered in your womb inside it. This plug has the function of
assuring that a high amount of the dog's sperm will remain
inside the womb and to make a pregnancy possible. However, you
can't get pregnant, but you can enjoy the new sensation and
the knowledge that your womb and vagina is filled with doggie
sperm. When the dog finally pulls out his penis a lot of the
sperm he has deposited in your pussy will gush out, therefore
it's wise to have a small towell or napkins to dry yourself.

You might think that the sex act is ended by him pulling out,
but you are probably wrong. If your dog is a 'well-behaved'
dog he will do something that will astound you. When two dogs
have had sex together the male will start a licking session of
the bitche's cunt, the reason is that this gives a signal to
the bitch that the intercourse is ended. And by doing this 
