          A True Account Of My Encounter With Dolphins

By Vincent

Eight years ago I had an experience that I doubt few people have ever had,
and for a long time (actually up to about a year ago) I had never spoken of
it to anyone else, thinking that they would consider me perverted.  During
that time I have lived with the realty that I will most likely never have
another opportunity like I had at that time, and believe me it has been
very hard.

I have since had sex with other animals, including dogs, ponies and most
recently horses, but they will never rival my experience with the Dolphins.
Here is what TRULY happened.  I can offer no proof other then my own
word. And for my own protection I will not divulge locations, names, etc.

Eight years ago I lived in a city that had an aquarium that kept performing
Dolphins.  By pure chance the aquarium was an assignment I had when I was a
security guard for a national security company.  Since I was new, and had
little seniority with the company I would always get the cruddy shift that
no one else wanted...and the aquarium was one of those shifts since it was
always a midnight to eight shift.

It really was a pretty cushy place to work since I didn't have to punch
clock. (Ever carry one of those security clocks around.  They must
weigh fifteen pounds!)  I just had to kind of wander around and keep an
eye on things.

It would get pretty boring at night, and after a while I took to playing with
the Dolphins.  I would come in during the weekends to watch the shows and
eventually I picked up some of the hand signals that the trainers used.
With a bit of practise I could get the Dolphins to perform just about any
behavior that the trainers had them perform.

Dolphins really are quite intelligent.  After a while I found myself talking
to them and I swear that if they had vocal cords they would have talked back
to me!  Their body movements and gestures where extremely animated and very
communicative.

After several months I got to the point where the nights I spent with the
Dolphins became my own private world.  They all knew me and came to know my
schedule and habits intimately.  It was at the point that I decide it was
time for a swim.

Now, you have to appreciate the circumstances.  I was alone all night with
these creatures, I was somewhat of a loner, and had no personal life to speak
of, and I had developed a deep bound with at least two of the Dolphins.  It
was easy to keep the shift since no one else liked the hours.

Finally, one night I brought my swim suit.  Around 2:00 a.m. I changed, and
after being sure that the place was locked up tight, I eased myself into the
pool.  At first they simply vied for my attention as they always did, but
after a bit, things got pretty rough.  I wasn't sure why some of them were
getting so excited, when I noticed that one of the males had a hard on!

Now that really fascinated me.  They never acted like this around me before,
and I was not sure what to do.  Except I did get out of the pool until they
calmed down a bit.  While sitting on the edge of the pool, one of the Dolphins
swam in front of me on his side.  I stroked his belly with my hand and
instantly his dick was thrusting in the air.  Boy did I find an erogenous zone!

Before I go on, I should give you a little more background.  First, to my
surprise, Dolphins do not feel slimy.  Their skin feels more like a wet inner
tube, and is very soft and sensitive to the touch.  They are fiercely
independent creatures and if they don't want to do something, then no amount
of prodding will make them change their minds.  If you ever go to an aquarium,
watch them long enough and you will notice that they spend almost 80% of
their time thinking and doing sex.  You think humans are obsessed sexually?
Believe me the Dolphins have it all over us.  Although being in a tank 24
hours a day probably has a lot to do with that kind of behavior.

The night that I first went for a swim was an experience to say the least.
The frenzy that I started kind of unnerved me to the point were I got out,
got dressed, and avoided the pool for the rest of the night.  Needless to
say, the next day I didn't get much sleep.  I could not stop thinking about
the wild possibility of actually having sex with them.

One part of me kept saying what a crazy idea that was, while another part of
me created the most wonderful fantasies.  My emotions were on a rollercoster.
I don't think anyone will ever appreciate the way that I felt.  The bond
that I had formed with a couple of the Dolphins was powerful.  It was almost
as if they had seduced me by pure empathy.

In any case, I decided that the next night I would take the plunge.  I could
hardly wait for my shift to begin.  It seemed like everyone lingered around
forever.  And then waiting until it was late enough to safely go into the pool
was almost unbearable.

Finally things quieted down and I got undressed...this time no swim suit.
I sat on the edge of the pool, and like the night before the Dolphins gathered
around to play a bit.  This time I was careful not to get them too excited
right away, waiting for most of them to swim off on their own so that just
the two that I was closest to were with me.

I should explain how the pool was laid out.  As a part of the show the
trainers would have a couple of the Dolphins beach themselves in a very
shallow part of the water.  This part was just deep enough for the Dolphins
to swim in...about a foot deep.  It was my strategy to get the two Dolphins
into the shallower water.

After the Dolphins left, I lowered myself into the water and very carefully
started to stroke them.  I eased my way toward the shallow water, and as I
had hoped, they followed.  Once I was able to sit on the bottom of the pool
I coaxed them along side of me, and I carefully started to rub their bellies.
I started with him first.  Just as the night before I got an immediate response
from him.  He rolled on his side and as I had hoped he had a huge hard on.
Now my heart was pounding so hard I was sure it could be heard from 30 feet
away.

I carefully eased my hands down his belly toward his cock.  I was very careful..
.
a full grown Dolphin can weigh in from 350 to 600 pounds.  And while they can
be quite gentle, I was not sure how he would react when I started to rub his
dick.  Despite my confidence in his gentleness, I was relieved when he simply
went limp when I started to stroke his cock.  in fact he went so limp that
at first I thought he may have died!  But after a moment he opened his mouth
about as wide as he could, his tongue doing a sort of aerobic dance.

I slipped my hand up and down his shaft, carefully squeezing it every so often.
It felt much like the surface of his skin, that is very firm but still soft.
It was sort of knife shaped, that is wider then thick, and you could feel it
move in your hands.  It was about eleven inches long, about two inches wide
and one and one half inch thick.  The tip thinned to nearly a point and crooked
down a little.  Overall it was shaped nearly like his own body...very sleek
and streamlined.  When not in use the cock is retracted completely into the
Dolphin's body through a long slit just below his belly.

The slit in the male and female Dolphin are almost identical, making sex
determination tricky.  The best way to tell apart the sexes is by looking at
the forehead.  The male Dolphin's forehead, or melon, is actually a little
bigger then the female's.  Of course if the male has a hard on then it is
pretty easy to tell males from females!  When the cock is erected the slit
parts in such a way that it is oval shaped.

It is said that the Dolphins cock can be used like a finger and has a great
deal of dexterity.  That may be true, but on this occasion he did not
demonstrate that ability to me.  Perhaps he was to wrapped up in the
experience.  I found that the Dolphin seemed to like having the base of his
cock rubbed the best.

I slipped my hand up and down his shaft carefully squeezing it ever so often.
This went on for about five minutes and then he started to shudder...as if
he was very cold.  His mouth remained open wide and every so often I would
rub his tongue.  (All dolphins love this...I have no idea why.)  His eyes
remained tightly closed.  All the while he was totally silent.

Assuming that he was about to climax I started to rub his dick a little harder
and faster.  His tail started to sweep back and forth really hard when suddenly
he raised his tail high out of the water and with the first sound that he had
made all evening he shot his load.  There was not as much as I thought there
would be...perhaps about two tablespoons.  It was quickly washed away in the
water but it appeared to be kind of clear and about the same consistency as
human cum.  What really surprised me most was the pressure of his ejaculation.
It come out incredibly hard and fast, his penis contracting suddenly with the
ejaculation.

He then relaxed and went totally limp.  I kept on stroking his penis but after
a few minutes he withdrew it back inside of him.  It was only at this point
that I noticed that I had a real boner myself.  Hard as steel and throbbing.
Don't think I've had one like that before or since.

I must say that after eight years, the mere act of writing down what happened
has rekindled some powerful emotions.  While my encounters with other creatures
have been strictly on a sexual level, my encounter with the Dolphins was a
much deeper emotional experience.  It has been said the Dolphins are highly
intelligent creatures.  That they are.  More then anyone really knows.

After resting for a few moments the Dolphin left for the deeper water.  I
started looking for the female, hoping that she would allow me to satisfy my
throbbing dick.  Apparently she had got bored with the whole affair and was
off playing with the others.

I slapped the top of the water to try and entice her back, and after a bit
of coaxing I finally got her to come over.  My legs were dangling over the
edge of the shallow part into the deeper water.  When she got close enough
she unexpectedly grabbed my foot with her mouth and pulled hard.

I don't think she meant to hurt me, but over eighty short conical teeth can
leave quite a bite mark and my foot ached for a few days after.  When I
re-surfaced, I found myself about six feet from the edge of the pool and
started to swim for it.  She had other plans though.  She quickly swam between
me and waters edge and started to push me toward the middle of the pool.  Her
actions alarmed me somewhat and I was getting just a little bit scared.

It was at this point that I began to respect the strength of these creatures...
something that I had badly underestimated.  If she wanted me to stay in deep
water, there was damn little I could do about it.  I decided to cooperate and
I swam a little ways out and started to tread water.  In the meantime she
started to circle around me, each time her circle getting a little smaller
until her beak was almost touching her tail...with me in the middle.

I tried to stay calm, not knowing what to expect next, when she started to scan
me with the most intense sound.  As you are probably aware, Dolphins use sonar
to 'see' with.  Their eyesight, while not poor, is not their primary sense.
Using sounds that range in frequency from as low as 300 Hz to as high as 150 kHz
and higher, it is believed that Dolphins are actually able to 'see' what an
individual is feeling.  For example, if you are in a state of anxiety (as I was!
)
then your churning stomach would easily give away your state to a Dolphin's
probing sonar.  Their sonar has been compared to the sound scans used by doctors
on pregnant women, except that the resolution is a thousand times better.

Being scanned by a Dolphin is in itself a unique experience.  The sound
penetrates and resonates your body in the most peculiar way.  While the Dolphin
is scanning, you can actually hear the lower frequency sound waves increase
and decrease in frequency.

When she started to scan me I noticed that the other Dolphins where swimming
around the two of us, and if any of them got too close, she would chase them
away.  This went on for about twenty minutes.  She would scan and probe my
entire body.  She seemed to especially enjoy nibbling at my ankles.

About this time I was starting to get pretty tired, and thought I better try
to ease my way toward the shallow water.  She made no effort to stop me, but
she did continue to swim around and around until I finally felt the ledge of
the shallow part of the pool.

I pulled myself into the shallow water and rested a bit.  The Dolphin in the
meantime had wriggled her way into the shallow water and laid very still on
her stomach.  I began to pet her and rub my hands up and down her sides.  She
just laid there and did nothing.  I decided that now was the time, and I
grabbed her pectoral fin and rolled her on her side.  She cooperated completely.

>From my earlier observations I had never noticed the folds of the female
dolphins slit to be all that distinctive.  But when I rolled her on her side
her slit was definitely enlarged and had turned a deep pink colour.  I could
only assume that she was waiting for me to mate with her.  Now I was really
in uncharted waters.

Whenever I watched the Dolphins have sex the actual act of penetration was
always very brief, lasting no more then ten seconds.  The pair would be very
excited, the water boiling around the mating couple.  For the Dolphins to mate
it is necessary for the female to roll over on her back and expose herself
to the male.  The male would then jump over the female and attempt to hit the
mark with his erected cock.  Foreplay would consist of very fast swimming,
both animals crashing into each other, and a lot of biting.

And yet, what was happening now was exactly the opposite.  Here she was,
totally relaxed, quite, and obviously very cooperative.  I decided not to
waste the invitation and started to initiate some foreplay.

I slid my hand along the edge of her slit and kind of eased my fingers into
her vagina.  The folds of the slit where very soft and squishy.  The muscles
of her vagina tightened on my fingers and would not let me probe any deeper
than the palm of my hand.  Not knowing too much about female Dolphin anatomy,
I thought that maybe the male's penis kind of laid along the length of the
slit.  I rubbed her for a while and she continued to simply lay quietly,
occasionally taking a breath.

While I was treading water my hard on had kind of withered away.  Nervousness
over the position I was in probably had a lot to do with that.  But after some
time with her in the shallow water, my penis started to firm up again.

I eased myself along side of her belly and slowly started to guide my dick
into her.  She felt my body draw close to hers and for the first time since
we started foreplay, she moved around a bit.  Rolling a little farther on her
side and arching her back.  She obviously wanted me to enter her.

Taking a deep breath, I slipped inside of her.  To my surprise, my cock went
all the way in!  She relaxed her vagina and allowed me to move into a more
comfortable position.  My next concern was the fear that she would roll over
on top of me.  But fortunately she didn't.  Instead she simply wriggled herself
around so that we were both comfortable.

Within a few seconds my dick had become rock hard again, and she repeatedly
tightened and relaxed her vagina.  In twenty seconds I was ready to climax.
I held back as long as I could, but the kneading action of her vaginal muscles
was just too much.  I came hard, and was so wrapped up in my own climax that
I did not even notice if she was reaching orgasm, although I would like to
believe that she did.

When I was finished I held on to her tightly, wrapping my legs around her tail.
My cock was starting to fail me and despite my best efforts I could not sustain
the erection.  She just remained still, occasionally sweeping her tail back and
forth.  The kneading action of her vagina continued but a slower pace.  I kept
splashing water on her side to be sure that her skin did not dry out.

I don't remember how long we embraced, but it must of been for at least twenty
minutes or so.  Looking back, I am not sure what I enjoyed more, the actual
sex act or the time I spent holding her.

It was getting close to 4:00 am and since the trainers would sometimes come
in as early as 4:30 I decided I'd better get changed.  It was hard to leave.

Over the next few days I felt about as good as I ever had in my life.  My
emotional state was exuberant.  I was already making plans for more encounters
with the Dolphins when I started back to work the next week.  But it was not
to be.  The next week the aquarium staff started to come in at night to do
maintenance and I was never alone long enough to go swimming again.

And then a few weeks later I was reassigned to another building.  From the
highest high in my life I went into a pretty deep depression.  I still don't
think I am over it...even after eight years.

Since that time I have spent a lot of time researching and studying about
Dolphins.  it has been an enlightening time.  Now whenever I see a captive
Dolphin, my heart breaks.  While in the wild their life span is thirty to
forty years, in captivity it is typically only five.  Where in the wild their
dorsal fin stands erect, in captivity it begins to flop over on its side.
Where in the wild they can attain speeds in excess of thirty miles per hour,
in captivity they are restricted to swimming around and around in circles.

Being three dimensional creatures, accustomed to boundless freedom, it must
be a horrific experience for them to live in a tank that is typically no more
then fifty feet across.  I can no longer bear to even go to an aquarium
anymore.  I now see them differently then most people.  If you observe them
long enough you may understand what I mean.

Hopefully in the future things will change so that the only Dolphins you see,
are those that swim free in the ocean.

So there you have it.  Perhaps my memory of the incident is clouded by
too much emotion, but as far as I am concerned it is what really happened,
and no one will ever take away the memory.
