(c) Copyright 1997 RWEIII    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.





"DOM"

Written by:  RWEIII

     Almost everyone knows that there are dirty old men in the world, but only a few seem to know
that there are just as many horny little girls out there too. This is a story written by one of the
dirty old men and it's about his imaginary experiences with some of the horny little girls.
     To begin with, I need to tell you that I am a voyeur and an exhibitionist. Watching girls
masturbate, play with themselves, or whatever else you want to call it, turns me on. It also turns
me on when I do the same thing for a girl if it gets her excited. By a ‘girl' I mean a female human
being who's old enough to have sexual feelings. For some that starts at five. Others don't start
until their mid teens. No matter what her age, the girl has to at least get ‘tingles' for me to be
interested in her. Without that, she's just a warm body that will eventually turn into someone
who's sexually desirable.
     The first girl who I truly enjoyed in that manner was named Ruth. I eventually got to call her
Ruthie. This is the story of how we first met.
     It was about ten o'clock on a Thursday morning. The Summer sun had already started to heat
the parking lot at the 7-11 where I usually get my morning paper. This particular 7-11 is at the
end of a strip-mall. I walked inside and bought a doughnut and a newspaper. When I returned to
my car, I noticed two girls playing inside of the van that was parked next to me. It had those glass window panels with curtains, which were all the rage in the late 1980's. The girls didn't look like they could have been any older than nine or ten years old.
     I set my paper and breakfast on the roof of my car and then fumbled for my keys. As I did this,
one of the girls rolled down the passenger's window on the van and whispered quite loudly, "Hey mister, look in the window and you'll really like it, okay?" I looked over my shoulder and saw the other little girl with her bare bottom pressed firmly against the glass. I nodded my head a couple of times and then said, "It looks good. Can I have one of those?" Then I laughed. The girl in the front seat of the van actually answered, which kind of surprised me. She replied, "No, but you can watch if you'll do the same thing for us. Is it a deal?"
     The thought of watching a little girl pressing her butt against a window didn't really appeal to
me, but I figured that I'd see how far it would go. "What about your mom or dad? Aren't they
coming back soon?" I asked. The little girl pointed to one of the shops as she answered, "No. Her mom's in there getting her hair done and we have to wait here." "What exactly do you want me to do?" I asked. "Get in your car and pull out your wiener so we can see it," she answered. I figured what the hell.
     Luckily, we were in the  last two stalls next to a cement retaining wall. There was really no
way that anyone could see in either of the two vehicles unless they walked right between them. I
got into my car, rolled down the window, and then unbuttoned my jeans. I had to slide them down
a bit for my cock to spring out, but I knew that I could pull them back up in an instant if I needed
to.
    The girl in the front seat turned to the one in the back and said, "Oh wow! He did it!" With
that, the girl in the back jumped up to the front seat and poked her head out of the window. Then
she asked, "Are you going to jerk off now?" I shrugged and answered, "I wasn't really planning
on it." Then I asked, "Do you want me to?" "Do you want to watch me rub?" she asked. I
shrugged again and said, "Sure." Then her  show began.
     She wasn't bad for a little kid. She tried to act sexy, but it was obvious that her talents in that
department did not come from experience. I did get a bit harder when she started rubbing circles
around her little clit. It was too small for me to see through the van window, but I knew what she
was doing. Her show lasted about two minutes and then she did her impression of having an
orgasm. By her actions, I could tell that she'd seen a porno somewhere.
     When it was over, she came back up front and asked, "Did you like it?" The other girl just sat
there and giggled. I nodded and said, "Yeah, it was pretty good." The little girl who'd been
playing with herself beamed. "You gunna do it now?" she asked. I answered, "I will if you want
me to." She said that she did and her friend agreed.
     It didn't take very long for me to cum. I'd been jacking off since I was about ten, so my
control in that department was pretty good. I even aimed for the window of the van when I came.
It fell short by about a foot though. "Ewww! That's gross!" the two girls exclaimed in unison. I
smiled and said, "Hey, it just happens." Then I asked, "Haven't you ever cum when you did it?"
The two whispered to each other for a minute and then the one who'd given me the show
answered, "Sure. We do it all the time." I knew that she was lying, but it didn't really matter to
me.
     "Want to meet me at the park later and do it again?" the bold one asked. The other girl pushed her friend and exclaimed, "Ruthie!" I gave them a moment and then Ruthie asked again, "Do you want to?" "Which park?" I replied. Ruthie pointed and replied, "The one over there by the hill."
"What time?" I asked. Her friend pushed her again and said, "I can't believe you're doing this!"
Ruthie fought off her friend for a moment and then replied, "How about three o'clock?" I smiled
and asked, "Three o'clock by the drinking fountain at the bottom of the hill?" "Okay," Ruthie
Answered. I said goodbye and Ruthie asked, "What's your name anyway?" I had no intention of
giving her my real name so I said, "It's Don." Ruthie said, "It's been fun doing this Don. Oh, I'm
Ruthie and this is Melissa." Melissa again pushed her friend and said, "Ruthie!" "Yeah, I'll see
you at three," I said. Then I pulled up my jeans and left.
     The rest of the morning was pretty boring. I just went home and cleaned until about 2:30. I
didn't think that little Ruthie and her friend would show up, but I thought it might be fun if they
did. My house was only a block and a half away from the park, so I walked. It didn't take very
long and I saw Ruthie sitting on the bench by the drinking fountain before I even got to the park.
It didn't look like Melissa was with her though.
     I crept up behind her and said, "Hi Ruthie." The little girl turned around with a start and said,
"Oh, hi Don." Then she stood up and said, "I didn't think that you'd really show up. Melissa said
that you wouldn't either." I just smiled and said, "Well, here I am." Then I asked, "What are we
going to do now, Ruthie?" I never really was one much for beating around the bush. Ruthie
replied, "Um. That one thing, right?" I could tell that my question had caught the little girl off
guard. "That sounds good to me," I answered. Then I asked, "How about up there behind those
bushes?" She seemed shocked again and asked, "You know about that?" I nodded and answered, "Yeah, I found it the other day." In all reality, I'd known about it for several years.
     The spot that we were talking about was a clearing in a Pyrocantha hedge that afforded plenty
of privacy and quite a bit of space. It was about three feet wide and ten or so feet long. Best of
all, there was only one small hidden opening and I planned to have my back to that.
     Ruthie agreed and up the hill we went. She was a bit nervous when I took my shirt off and
covered the opening with it. I think that she was even a little surprised that I had crawled through
behind her with such ease. "We don't have to do this if you don't want to, okay?" I asked. Ruthie
shrugged her shoulders and said, "It's okay, but we don't touch each other unless I say so, okay?"
I agreed. Then Ruthie asked, "Do you want us to both be naked?" I replied, "Ruthie, we can do
whatever you want." I wanted her to feel that she was in control. She thought for a moment and
then said, "Okay, let's be naked."
     As we got undressed, I asked her age, what she liked to do, and generic questions like that. I
found out that she was nine years old, that she was living with her mom, and that she was
generally an average kid. When I asked her if she did this sort of thing very often she said that she did. It just confirmed my belief that she was a bad liar. I took a blanket out of my day-pack and laid it on the ground. "We can sit on this if you want," I said. 
     Little Ruthie and I just starred at each other's bodies for a while and then I told her that she
could touch me if she wanted to, but that I wouldn't touch her unless she wanted me to. Then she
sat down as far from me as she could without being off of the blanket. "No. That's okay. Maybe
later, okay?" she asked. I sat in front of her, with my legs extended and replied, "Okay."
     She asked, "Have you ever really done it with a girl?" I nodded and answered, "Yeah, but
never with anyone as young as you." Then I said, "I think it's kind of cool when girls haven't
done much, so it's cool if you haven't really done anything with a guy." Ruthie smiled and asked, "Why do you think it's cool?" I answered, "Because sometimes I can teach them fun things that way." "Fun things like what?" she asked. Then I asked if she'd move a little closer and put her legs out like mine were. She didn't question me. She just did it. "Is this close enough?" she asked.

I answered, "A little more would be better, but that's okay if you don't want to." "Why?" she
asked. I smiled at her and answered, "So I can see the parts of you that I want to talk about."
"Oh, okay," she said as she scooted up so that her knees were between my feet. I said, "That's
good."
     "What fun things did you mean?" little Ruthie asked again. I answered as I spread my legs
apart wider, "Things like where you can touch to make you have orgasms, and make your boobs
grow, and stuff like that." Ruthie just nodded knowingly. I had to figure out a way to make her
stop acting like she knew more than she really did. I thought about it for a moment and then
asked, "How about if you act like you've never done anything before? Would that be okay?"
Ruthie nodded and said, "Okay." Then I said, "Let's test it out."
     "Ruthie, do you know what an orgasm feels like?" I asked. She started to say that she did but
then caught herself. "No," she answered. "Want me to tell you?" I asked. She answered, "Yeah. If you want to." It was working beautifully.
     I began my explanation, "Ruthie, an orgasm is a really good feeling that you get when you do
certain sex things just right." Then I pointed to her little muff and asked, "Do you ever get tingles
when you touch yourself there?" She smiled and said, "Yeah. Sometimes I get lots of tingles."
"Do you like the tingles?" I asked. She just nodded and mumbled a yes. I tried to explain in more
detail. "Do you think it would feel really good if you got all the tingles that you've ever had all at
the same time?" I asked. 
     Ruthie was obviously confused, but then the light went on. "You mean like feeling every single tingle all at once?" she asked. I nodded and said, "Yes." She answered, "That would feel sooooo good!" I smiled and said, "That's what an orgasm feels like." Ruthie then asked, "Really?" I nodded and answered, "That's what I felt like when you and Melissa were watching me and the white stuff squirted out." Little Ruthie said, "That was gross!" I just nodded.
     "What about boobs? How do you make them grow?" asked Ruthie. I had thought that one
would get her attention. I explained how the hormones, that are released into a girl's body when
she has an orgasm, are the same ones that make breasts grow. I don't think that she quite
understood, but she did want larger boobs. 
     Then we talked about everything from ejaculation to oral sex. It took about a half-hour to
answer all of her questions. My cock had gone limp after about the first ten minutes, so I had to
explain how that works too. All in all, Ruthie got her eyes opened to what sex was all about.
What she hadn't done was anything to experience it yet. I intended to change that as soon as
possible.
     "Want to try it?" I asked. "You mean like screwing? NO WAY!" she answered. I laughed a
little and then answered, "No Ruthie. Like touching yourself and having an orgasm." Her defiant
glare turned into a sheepish grin. "Umm. Yeah. If you want me to." I told her that I did and we
began.
     A little bit of coaching was all that it took. Nine-year-old Ruthie bucked against her fingers
like a bee had stung her. I don't think that she knew what had happened, but she had certainly
enjoyed it. There was even a bead of moisture in her little pink slit. "Like it?" I asked. She was
still panting as she answered, "Was that an orgasm?" I nodded. "Those are great!" she exclaimed in a loud whisper. I told her to keep doing it and she'd have another one. She looked at me as if to say, "Nobody could have more than one of those!" but she started at it again. Ruthie's second and third orgasms had actually gotten me kind of horny. Watching this little girl devour herself with sexual desire had actually turned me on. There wasn't really much time between them, but I counted each one separately.
     Ruthie was determined to have at least four. I had to tell her to go easy because I knew that
she'd be sore as hell the next day if she wasn't more gentle. She let up a little bit, and then I asked her if she wanted to watch me do it while she was doing it. She said, "Sure," and I started jacking off.
     Within a few minutes I could feel the tension in my body starting to rise. I knew that Ruthie's
hymen would prevent anything from ever getting inside, but I asked her if she wanted to feel
something really neat anyway. She was still hard at it when I asked. "Neat like how?" she asked.
"Neat like feeling what only a real woman gets to feel inside her," I answered. "What do you
mean?" she asked in a shaky voice. She was about to cum again. 
     I didn't want to upset her orgasm, but I knew my own wasn't far off. I said, "Well, I could
hold my cock right in front of your pussy and let some of the white stuff squirt in it just like adults
do." She was right at the brink of her own orgasm and answered, "You can do it if you want, as
long as it won't hurt or anything." I thanked her and told her to lie back so that I could do it.
     I held back my orgasm and quickly positioned myself so that my cock was right at the opening to her vagina. Her fingers were still working frantically on her little clitty as I did. Then, just as I placed the tip of my cock between the base of her pussy lips, she started bucking again. My glans actually slipped inside her a tiny bit when she bucked. It felt incredibly hot and wet. I pumped on my cock like mad and caught up with her. She was still bucking furiously and I wanted to cum at the same time. 
     I held her thighs down so that she couldn't really move them, pushed with my cock and
popped just inside of her vagina with the head of my dick. Then I came. Oh boy did I cum! It
squirted out around the edges of my cock and Ruthie got wilder. She squirmed and writhed for a
good ten seconds after I came. Then her body stopped moving and she just lay there quivering.
     The tip of my cock was still inside her. I asked, "Did you like it that way?" There was no
response. I asked again, "Did you like it Ruthie?" "You weren't supposed to put it inside!" she
exclaimed, as she pushed me away and out of her. It was loud this time. I did my best to quiet her down and then I explained what I'd done. It took a bit of convincing, but she finally agreed to feel inside of herself to see that her hymen was still intact. She was much happier once she found that out. She asked, "So nobody will ever know, right?" I answered, "Nobody will ever know a thing, honey." "Promise?" she asked in a doubting voice. "Cross my heart," I replied as I gestured the same. 
     "Now put your finger in your mouth," I suggested. "Why?" she asked. "Just do it and I will
tell you after you do, okay?" I asked. She put her finger in her mouth and tasted our mingled cum.
"Do you like it?" I asked. "It's kind of salty and sweet. It's okay, I guess." she answered. I
answered her previous question, "That's what it tastes like when guys and girls do it for real too."
Ruthie seemed indifferent and then asked, "But not when they really screw, right?" I nodded my
head and answered, "Just like when they screw. You got to taste what only grown-up women
usually get to taste." Her indifference changed to a bit of pride.
     We spent the next hour discussing all of the new feelings and experiences that Ruthie had just been through. When we were done, she was quite pleased with what had happened. She was especially hopeful about the possibility of larger breasts. After we had gotten cleaned up and dressed, Ruthie asked, "Do you want to do it again sometime Don?" I told her that I'd like that very much. We finally agreed on a time that she could make it without making her mom wonder where she was. It was to be the following week at my house.
     That was my first experience with a horny little girl. When the truth be known, she wasn't
really all that horny. She was just a show off and a curious little girl. What we had done made me look at little girls in a completely different way though. Don't get me wrong. I still enjoyed
getting laid whenever my girlfriend was in the mood; it was just something different that I knew
was out there for me.

     My second experience with a little girl was a bit different. I was actually out looking for one
when I found her. I noticed her in the back of a pickup with what appeared to be her little brother.
It was again in a parking lot, only this time it was at a local mall. 
     The girl's brother looked to be about seven years old. The girl appeared to be twelve or
thirteen. He was sitting on a box, with his back to me. She was standing and looking straight at
me. Then she lifted her dress defiantly and continued to stare at me. I knew what to do next. I
unbuttoned my jeans, pulled them down a bit, and pulled out my cock. It was limp, so I had to
jack off a bit to get it hard. That was evidently what the girl had wanted me to do. Her eyes were
glued on me. Her dress was still in her hand, but I could see that she'd forgotten about the view
that she was giving me. I stopped jacking off when I was satisfied that I was hard enough. Then
the girl came out of her daze and let her dress down. 
     I was prepared for the situation and had written my telephone number and the name ‘Don' on
a full sheet of typing paper. I dropped it out the window of my car, waved to the girl, and then left
for home.
     It was several hours before the girl called. It took a while to get her to even admit that she'd
seen me, but she eventually said that she wanted to see me up close. I suggested the park again, only this time it was going to be close to dark before she was going to meet me. I remember thinking that the girl must have stupid parents to allow her out at such a late hour. Eleven o'clock was when it was all to happen.
     At eleven-fifteen, I thought she was going to be a no-show. Then, just as I was about to start
walking back home, She appeared. "Don?" she asked shakily. "Kristine?" I replied. It was really
quite dark and I didn't think that using a flashlight was a very good idea. I didn't want to have
some security guard asking me what I was doing with a thirteen-year-old girl in the bushes.
Kristine solved the problem for us. "I guess we'll have to just have to use our hands to see with,
okay?" she asked. I was stunned. "Sounds great to me," I answered.
     Once we were safely inside the protection of the bushes, Kristine immediately got undressed.
"What are you waiting for?" she asked. I was again stunned. "Um. Nothing," I replied and started
to peel off my clothes.
     Kristine was not the amateur that Ruthie had been. She knew what she wanted and she got it. I licked her for several hours while she did the same for me. This was no girl. Except for her age,
she was most certainly a woman in every sense of the word. After the oral sex was complete, she insisted that I fuck her doggy-style. I was happy to do it any way that she wanted, but I slipped on a condom just to be safe.
     Hot and extremely wet are the words that best described Kristine's muff. She knew how to
fuck and it showed in every wiggle of her butt. It was as though she was milking orgasms right
out of my cock. I'd never really been much for doggy-style, but Kristine made me change my way
of thinking.
     "Aren't you going to cum?" Kristine asked after having better than a dozen orgasms of her
own. "I've been holding back," I replied. Then she boldly asked, "Had an AIDS test recently?" I
told her that I'd had one last month. "That works," she replied. "Take off that stupid rubber! I
want to feel you cum inside me!" Kristine demanded. I hesitated and then agreed to her demands.
     If you've never had sex with a thirteen-year-old, I can assure you that you have no idea what
muscle control is. This girl practically sucked my cock up inside her as soon as I slid it back in.
With her butt grinding against my hips, she said, "Not until I tell you." Then the contractions
started. I could feel that they were forced at first, but then they became more fluid and
uncontrolled. 
     Kristine was starting to cum again. "Everything! Now! Shoot it!" she exclaimed. I did too. I
fucked her hard. Her butt sounded like it was being spanked with every slam into her I made.
"Faster!" she continued. She was actually starting to piss me off. I thought to myself, "No little
piece of ass like this is going to tell me how to fuck!"
     I reached around and found her rather large clit. Then I pinched it hard as I continued to slam
away at her. Then I came. I didn't let go of her clit either. The more I came, the harder I pinched.
It had shut her up, but it had also turned her pussy into a whirlwind of spastic activity. She was
cumming down both of our legs. When I was out of steam, her pussy continued to milk my
softening cock. I was still trying to make it work, but there was really nothing left.
     I pulled out and defiantly asked, "Well Kristine, did you like that?" She responded with open
hostility, "It hurt like hell you bastard, but it made me cum so hard I thought I was going to pass
out!" She continued, "Where the hell did you learn how to do that anyway?" I just smiled in the
dark, turned her around to face me and replied, "Same place I learned how to do this," as I
rammed three fingers into her sopping wet hole. 
     Kristine gasped. "Oh fuck me!" Kristine exclaimed. "Surprise you?" I asked, as I fast fucked
her with my fingers. She started to cum before she could answer. I knelt down and held her butt
so I could really give her a hard and fast fingering. The noise of her sloppy pussy being slammed into by my fingers was probably loud enough to be heard anywhere in the park. I didn't give a shit. I wanted to make sure that this little girl knew who was in charge when it came to sex.
     Kristine's muscles almost crushed my fingers when she came. There were five hard
contractions and then she collapsed. She literally collapsed right on top of me. The girl had passed out.
     I debated whether to just leave her there or not, but decided against it since her pussy was full of my cum and she had my phone number. The last thing that I needed was to be brought up on statutory rape charges! With that in mind, I started to clean her up with a few paper towels and baby-wipes that I had put in my day-pack for that very reason. As I cleaned her off, I could feel that she really did have a beautiful body. My anger subsided as I continued to wipe the smooth curves of her developing pussy. Little Kristine was no woman. She knew hot to act like a woman, but her body was far too young and tender to be that of a woman. I started to feel bad about what I'd done to her.
     I had finished cleaning her up and was sitting beside her when she woke up. My hands were
massaging her thighs when she finally spoke. "That feels really good, " she said in a soft and
humble voice. "I'm sorry I was so hard on you Kristine," I replied. I could see the silhouette of
her face as she shook her head. "Don't be," she said. She continued, "My stepfather used to rape me when I was little, so I turn into a real bitch when I fuck sometimes." I really felt like shit after she said that.
     I apologized again and asked if she was all right. She told me how she'd told her mother about it and been told that she was lying until he anally raped her little brother and he told too. I pitied her. "Is that why you did this with me?" I asked. "Sort of," she said, "I was forced to learn how to have orgasms when I was four. I didn't like being raped because it made me feel wrong for having them. Now I do it because it feels good." I lay my head on her chest and said, "I'm so sorry honey. I wouldn't have been so mean if I'd known."
     Then I made love with the same thirteen-year-old girl whom I'd fucked only moments before.
I'm pretty sure that it was the first time that she'd had sex in a gentle and loving way. She
responded differently too. It wasn't a frenzied tangle of spastic muscles inside her body. It was a
controlled and rhythmic expression of what she felt. Kristine cried when it was over. I must have
held her and comforted her for two more hours after that. It made me realize how delicate little
girls are, even when they appear to be as tough as grown women.
     I wanted to take her home, nurture her, and hold her all night. I even told her that. She kissed
me softly again and said, "I'd love that Don, but my mom might notice that I'm not in my bed
when she gets up." I hugged her tightly and said, "Kristine, if there's ever anything that you need
or any way that I can help, you just call me and I'll be there for you, okay?" She hugged me back
and replied, "God, I bet this is what it's like to have a real father. I really wish my mom would at
least tell me who my real dad is sometimes." I had no words for her, only the warmth of my body
and a newfound love.
     Kristine comes over sometimes now when things get too out of control at home. As far as my
neighbors know, she's my niece. We do make love sometimes, but I will never again fuck her like I did on the night that we first met. She deserves far better than that. She might be treated like shit by her mother, but she's a very important person to me.
     
      So now you know that I can be both a heartless bastard and a somewhat nice guy. I think that
we all have both of those qualities in us somewhere. We also carry inside us the desire to return to childhood. That's what this last experience that I'm going to tell you is about.
     Ruthie kept her word and called me the morning before we were to meet. I knew that I was in
deep trouble when she started out with, "Now Don, I want you to promise that you won't get
mad, okay?" I did my best not to let my mind wander. Then I said, "Okay Ruthie, what is it that
I'd be mad about?"
     Ruthie went on to tell me how she'd invited all of her closest girlfriends to a secret sleep-over
at my house. They were all to meet at her house, but then they would all walk to my house for the night. Mental images of a horde of little girls walking across my lawn popped into my head. I was not going to allow something like that to happen! 
     I knew that Ruthie's mom was going to be out very late that evening. That's why we'd chosen
it to be our night of fun. I also knew that Ruthie had asked her mother if she could spend the night at a friend's house for a sleep-over. That was part of the plan too. Filling my house with her little friends, on the other hand, was not a part of the plan. I had to think. I tried to hide my concern and said,  "I'll call you back in about a half-hour after I'll think about it, okay Ruthie?" She agreed.
     At first I thought about renting a motel room. That was another mental image that I'd just as
soon forget. From there I tried to think of any friends who were out of town on vacation. There
was Paul, my publisher's son, but he was unpredictable. The last thing that I wanted was for him
to walk in and find me and five or six naked nine-year-olds. Somehow I didn't think that would
go over too well with his father. Then it hit me.
     The house on the other side of the fence, behind mine, had been vacant for several months.
The owners had put it on the market almost a year before, but it had never sold. Now it was just
sitting there unused. The owner had been transferred and his company had already made some
sort of a deal with him when they moved him. There was no furniture, water, or electricity, but it
would make a wonderful place to do what Ruthie had in mind. At least I thought I knew what she
had in mind. It was completely surrounded by a tall fence and hedges, and I thought I remembered a back window into the basement that was left open for ventilation.
     I walked to my back yard and pretended to examine the wood fence. There was one section
that I knew would open into the other yard. It had during fallen over the previous winter in a
heavy snow. The only real support that it had was a couple of wires that connected the posts on
each side. I removed them and set the section of fence in the vacant yard.
     I walked up to the window as though I owned the place. I'm sure that nobody could really
have seen me, but it made me feel better anyway. I crawled down through the open window and
checked the place out. 
     It was completely carpeted. I also found that there was running water. The gas and electricity
had been turned off, but the water still worked. I remember how grateful I was for that when I
tried to think of five or six little girls trying to flush a toilet with no water. I searched further and
found that the water heater was electric. What a stroke of luck! With an extension cord, I could
turn this into a fairly comfortable situation. 
     I spent then next hour getting everything ready. A heavy-duty extension cord, some lawn
furniture, a portable TV, and a VCR had turned it into a completely viable arrangement. Then I
thought, "Oh Shit! I've got to call Ruthie!" I went back home and picked up the phone to dial. It
took me a minute to remember that I didn't have her number. She had to call me! Oh shit!
     I waited impatiently for the next twenty minutes. Then the phone rang. It was Ruthie! I told
her that I'd messed up when I told her that I'd call her, and we laughed about that for a moment.
Then I told her what I'd been doing. She was excited. "Then we really can do it?" she asked. "I
don't see why not," I answered. After that, I gave her the address of the house and explained how to get there from her house. Now it was only a matter of waiting until ten o'clock.
     I had made the largest basement room very comfortable when I spruced up the old neighbor's
place. I'd also made it impossible to see in from outside. Thick cardboard over all of the basement windows would make it look completely empty if anyone wanted to check. I'd also rigged the extension cord directly into the wall outlet, so the house had total electricity as long as my fuse didn't blow. That wasn't enough though. I had to find something that would make this a totally unique experience for these girls. I thought of it soon after I'd hung up the phone with Ruthie.
     I hunted in the garage for quite a while before I found the box of Visqueen. Then I carried it
back and dropped it through the window. It didn't take long for me to stretch it out either.
Cutting it properly wasn't so easy though. I fumbled on top of the thick plastic until it was all out
of shape. Then I finally got the extra cut off. Two rolls of masking tape later, it was well stretched
and ready for a couple of cans of Crisco. After completing that, I went upstairs and unlocked the
front door. That was it, I was ready.
     Waiting isn't something that I'm usually very good at. This was no exception. Then I
remembered how kids usually like drinks and munchies. Pornos might be okay, but junk food and soda pop is essential for kids. It gave me way to keep myself occupied.
     I wasn't sure how many kids we were talking about. I should've asked Ruthie that when she'd
called back, but I was too excited to think about it. Instead, I bought enough food and drinks to
feed her whole class. I knew it wouldn't go to waste if things turned out well. I was planning to
have more of these little get togethers if everything went smoothly.
     At nine-thirty, Ruthie called again to make sure that everything was still okay. I told her that
everything was fine and then asked her how many girls there would be. "Ummm . . . There are
eleven of us here now and we still have to wait for three more," Ruthie answered. "Fourteen?" I
asked. Ruthie confirmed the number. Then she said, "Wait. Here they are. We'll be over there in a few minutes, okay?" I became quite nervous. "Do you want me to be there when you get there?" I asked. Ruthie was a smart little shit. She answered, "Don't worry Don. We all know what this is going to be like and we all want to do it. I even made everyone promise to take off all of their clothes as soon as we get there, okay?"
     I didn't know what to say, so I asked, "Do you want me to be naked when you get there too?"
I heard Ruthie asking if the girls wanted me to be nude when they arrived. There were a few
moments of giggling in the background and then Ruthie told me that they all thought I should be
nude when I answered the door. I explained how I didn't want to answer the door because it
might attract attention, but she insisted. I agreed and then it was time.
     My wiring job hadn't worked as well as I thought it had. The only circuit that worked was the
one in the basement. That meant that the doorbell didn't work either. Luckily, there was a
bathroom, with a shower, in the basement.
      I was really quite nervous when I heard the light knocking on the door. I peered outside
through the front window and saw a crowd of little girls standing quietly in a row behind the
door. I cautiously opened the door to let them in.
     Ruthie held her finger to her mouth to let me know that she wanted me to be quiet. Then she
shook my cock as if it were a hand and walked past. That was how they all entered. My poor
cock had fourteen little girls' hands wrapped around it before I could close the door. They were
all standing silently in the empty living room as I closed and bolted the door. Then I walked to the doorway to the basement and opened it. The light from below acted as a guide for the girls. They followed Ruthie down and I followed right after the last of them. Then I closed the door and
hoped that things would work out.
     The girls were wasting no time in undressing. They piled their clothes in little bunches by the
far wall. Ruthie was one of the last to finish taking hers off. Then she wiggled her little butt,
turned to them all and said, "Everyone, this is Don." The giggling began. Each girl walked up to
me, took my hand in hers, placed it on her little muff, and then introduced herself. Ruthie had
outdone herself. 
     I was amazed at how casual little girls could be about mingling nude with an adult man. I was
even more amazed when Ruthie told everyone to sit in a circle and touch the girl on her right's
pussy. I knew right then that this was going to be a night to remember. 
     It was all very scientific at first. Ruthie explained things to them that I had explained to her
only a week before. She would ask me for pointers along the way. Then the girls started asking
me questions directly. Not only did they want me to answer questions, but they also wanted to
touch my cock. I had become the hot item of the evening.
     Once I could see that all of the girls were right at home, I figured that it was probably a good
time to show them around. Several girls wanted to try the Crisco room as soon as I showed it to
them. Several more wanted to sit and watch the pornos. They all went nuts when I showed them
the munchies and told them to help themselves. But, the order of the evening was sex, and I
wasn't about to miss out on it. 
     Ruthie announced that she had a surprise for me and that everyone had to watch. I had no idea what it could be, so I watched too. Then she told me to lie on my back and close my eyes. I did as she asked. Then she smeared something warm and slippery on my cock. It felt nice and I told her so. Next, I felt her straddling my legs. I thought to myself how much fun it was going to be to get a blowjob with thirteen other girls watching. 
     Heat. I felt heat. I felt a wonderful heat that engulfed my cock. As I opened my eyes, I looked
into Ruthie's face. She was grinning from ear to ear. Then I looked down and saw what the
source of the heat was. Ruthie had somehow removed her hymen and stretched her pussy in less than a week. I was sunk up to the hilt in a nine-year-old's pussy! "Everyone come and feel it," Ruthie announced. There were Oooos and Aaaas from all of them. One asked, "Does it hurt?"
Another asked, "Can I do it too?" But, they all touched it all the way around to make sure that it
wasn't some sort of a trick.
     I was speechless. I was also about to cum from all of the attention being paid to my balls. I bit
my cheek to hold back. I couldn't make Ruthie's first fuck a bad one. Then Ruthie started
massaging her little clit. "Do it like this," she said. They all sat and started rubbing their little clits.
One girl, I think her name was Rachel, had a clit that any grown woman would have been proud
of. I pointed to her and asked, "Ruthie, will you have her come over here so I can help her?"
Rachel happily appeared beside us and I asked her to sit on my chest so that I could reach her
little button. She arched her back as soon as I took it into my mouth and started sucking. 
     Ruthie eventually came. I didn't really notice it until she started squirming. Then I thrust
upward a few times to help her out. It did help too. My cock felt as though it was in a very hot
vice. Then it was flooded with little girl's cum. There's something about a little girl's cum that no
woman can claim. It is extremely warm and slippery. I had no choice when she came but to cum
myself. I jerked a few times and then unloaded deeply inside her. Strangely enough, her tightness kept me from going soft. I'd never felt that before. 
     Right after Ruthie and I came, Rachel started whimpering. She asked, "Is this going to hurt?" I
tried to smile and mumble out that it wouldn't hurt at all. Ruthie filled in for me and told her
friend to relax and enjoy it. Rachel did enjoy it. I soon had a mouthful of the sweetest liquid that
I'd ever tasted. I had to hold her tiny butt to keep her from standing up. She was completely at a
loss and then she just melted.
     I kissed Rachel's little clit one more time and then asked, "Was it fun?" She was dazed. "Oh
yeah!" she replied. Then it was another girl's turn. That's when I realized that Ruthie hadn't
invited a single girl who was really overweight. Tracy was a big girl for nine, but she wasn't really overweight.
     We went the rounds with all thirteen of the others. My erection didn't leave Ruthie until the
last one came. Then she asked, "Do you want to squirt in me again?" I had already cum in her
three times, but the thought of another orgasm certainly didn't bother me. "Okay," I replied.
Ruthie then asked, "Will you do it with me like I was a lady? With you on top of me and doing all
that stuff like the movies?" I told her that she was a lady and that I'd be honored to do that with
her. "With kissing too?" she asked. I nodded and said, "With kissing too."
     Having sex with a nine-year-old is a wonderful thing, but it requires a great deal of lubrication.
Luckily for me, Ruthie somehow knew this and had brought her own. Don't get me wrong. She
was really wet, but her cum just didn't seem to last very long. No matter, Ruthie and I fucked like
she wanted and both came several times. My cock was beet-red when Ruthie and I finally stopped going at it. It hadn't had a chance to go limp in more than an hour. I actually enjoyed it when it did. 
     Then came the Crisco room. Several of the girls had already been in there playing with each
other. They were covered with the stuff. Within a few minutes, the rest of us were too. It was
incredible. Tiny, oily fingers tried to grab my cock, but they couldn't keep hold of it. A few of the
girls used the opportunity to press a tiny boob in my mouth or my finger into their hole. I was
engulfed in little girl sex.
     I had no intention of taking a single cherry that night. The Crisco room blew that plan all to
hell. Little squirming bottoms were fighting me. Most of the girls at least tried to get my cock
slipped up inside of them. The ones who were best lubricated succeeded. I think there were seven or eight of them in all.
     When Tracy tried it, they all cheered and pressed her forward. I can still picture the look in her eyes as I tore through her hymen and she slid me all the way in. It was a look of shock, terror, and bliss. For some reason, all of the girls wanted me to fuck Tracy. I never did find out why, but I did what they wanted. 
     I had to really work at getting Tracy to cum. She'd done it when I sucked her off, but this was
different. It took a lot of patience and slippery fingers on her clit to get her to finally explode.
Then there was no stopping the little girl. She rode me like a prizewinning pony for at least twenty minutes. Talk about creating a monster! By the time that all of the girls fell asleep, I had been inside all but two of the girls. I had fucked twelve of fourteen nine-year-old girls. What's more, I'd loved every minute of it.
     It was nearly five o'clock in the morning when the last of them fell asleep. Ruthie was snoring
up a storm. There were two girls left and I was feeling like a greedy bastard. I slipped a finger in
the first one and found that this would not be her first time. The other was the same. Maybe if
they were virgins I would have behaved myself, but since they weren't, I didn't.
     I carefully crawled on the larger of the two girls, Amy was her name,  and started kissing her
neck. She woke up slowly. "Can I make love with you?" I quietly asked. "My daddy does it
sometimes and it hurts," Amy quietly answered. I looked over at the other girl and wondered if
her story was the same. "Do you want to try it and stop if you don't like it?" I asked.
     Amy agreed and I carefully lubed her up. Then I very slowly and carefully slid into her. "Yours
feels good," the girl purred. I thanked her. I began with very slow strokes and carefully increased
the pace as her activity increased. Within a few minutes I was feeling the telltale flood of hot little girl's cum on my balls. With that, Amy pushed her friend's shoulder to wake her up. The other girl, Michelle was her name, looked horrified when she saw what I was doing with Amy.
    Amy pressed her finger to her lips and said, "Shhh. It's okay. His doesn't hurt. You should try
it." Michelle hesitated but rolled onto her stomach as her friend was. "You can do it, but you
gotta stop if I say so, okay?" the girl reluctantly asked. I nodded and pulled out of Amy's tight
little vagina. More lube made for easier things. Michelle got more than any of the others had. I
applied it liberally to both her pussy and my cock. 
     There was really no resistance at all as I slipped into Michelle's little hole. She sighed loudly
when I was all the way in. "It didn't hurt," she said in a disbelieving voice. Amy smiled and then
lay her head back down to go to sleep again. "I won't hurt you Michelle," I said in as reassuring a voice as I could. 
     "You don't know how badly it hurts sometimes when my brother makes me do it," the girl
said. I said, "We don't have to do it Michelle. I just wanted you to know what it feels like if
someone does it right." She seemed absolutely amazed that there was no pain. I asked her if her brother ever used anything to make it slip in easier. She told me that he didn't. With that, I told her what to buy and how and where to buy it so that she wouldn't be embarrassed. Then I made love with her.
     Little Michelle had been badly abused and I did my best to make up for it. She came seven
times. When I was finally about to cum, I asked her to look into my eyes. She watched as her
body made me feel wonderful. Being inside her, with her permission, had made me feel like she
had so many times. I thanked her and held her until we both fell asleep.
     I woke up to Michelle's tiny lips kissing me. As I opened my eyes, she mouthed the words,
"Thank you." I was still inside of her, but was as limp as could be. I smiled a big smile and
mouthed the words, "You're welcome." Then she pushed herself up with her arms, lightly thrust
her hips a few times, and whispered, "Will you let me feel it grow inside me?" I wasn't sure how it would work, but I replied, "I'll try, honey."
     We both worked at getting as much of my limp cock into her as we could. She was good at
wiggling, so it was more or less all the way in. Then Michelle started grinding and swaying with
her hips. It was working. I felt myself swell up inside of her tiny little body. I was almost fully
erect when her eyes glazed over and I felt the familiar flood of hot juice. She paused for a moment and then said, "Now it's your turn, and I want to watch your eyes again."
     I was still rather groggy, but Michelle played with my balls to help things along. Within a few
minutes I was shooting gobs of cum into her. She smiled broadly and said, "That's what I wanted
to feel. You know, this is the first time I've ever wanted to feel that?" I had no idea how to
respond. Michelle continued to smile and said, "Now when my brother does this to me I can
remember this exact second and I won't want to die any more."
     By Noon, all of the girls had showered and left. The rooms stunk from all of the cum, but it
wasn't hard to clean up the Visqueen room. I just wrapped it all up and put it in the garbage can
outside the garage. Then I collected all of my stuff, removed the cardboard from the windows,
and put the fence back together.

     I'm sure that many people would call what I imagined myself doing to be a terrible and
unforgivable act. I took the virginity of eleven little nine-year-old girls in one night. That's true. I
did that. I also taught fourteen little girls how to have real and powerful orgasms. I won't deny
any of it. There was at least one good and unselfish thing that came out of it though. Tiny little
Michelle will probably make it to age ten without slitting her own wrists. In the same way, homely
little Amy knows that her daddy isn't the only one who can put things inside of her. And when he
does, maybe she'll have something nice to remember too.
     There's a lot of abuse going on out in the world today. There are many men out there who
want to feel powerful and in control by hurting little girls. To be honest, I wouldn't be at all upset
if they were all dead. The problem isn't that some children are having sex. The problem is that
some, and perhaps many, of them are being forced to have it against their will. 
     What I ask is that any  men out there, who are thinking of raping a child, reconsider. You
don't have to cause them pain in order to feel power. You don't have to make them bleed to be in
control. I think that you'll find much more power, and true devotion, if you'll simply spend the
time and energy to make any sexual experience with a child good for them. If there's no way of
talking you out of doing it, it might take a month or two for a little girl to be receptive to your
cock. So what? Take the time. Start out with something small. Let them explore themselves
before you push an adult penis inside them. Also, and I can't stress this enough, excessive
amounts of lubrication are essential! 
     I'm sure that you're aware that there are literally hundreds of lubricants available. Don't use
any of the Motion Lotion types of products with a child. Just having your cock stuffed up inside
of them is more than enough trauma. The heat produced by Motion Lotion is more than they can
handle. Vaseline is another no-no. It's way too thick to be a good lubricant. There's a simple test
that any man can use to know if it's a good lubricant for a little girl's muff. Smear it on your lips.
If it feels extremely slippery and doesn't dry out, it's probably going to work just fine.
     Two last things before I get off of my soap box. First, little girls do cum. They cum quite
easily. Look into their eyes. Tell them what they mean to you, and explain every detail of how
they are making you feel. They don't have all of the notions about sex that adult women have.
They don't think that swallowing cum is bad. They don't think that cumming in your mouth is
bad. It just takes patience and understanding. If you've already decided that you're going to have sex with a little girl, make sure that she cums! The more that she cums, the more that she's going to want to do it. She's also going to feel like a participant rather than a victim. Participants don't tell people about sex, but victims often do. Second, if, like me, you can keep all of the ‘action' in your mind, then absolutely nobody gets hurt. There are no extended prison sentences for vivid sexual fantasies. You don't often have to explain your actions to the mother of a fantasy. If you do, you usually get to do her as well! 
     As for why I just wrote all of that, I have several close friends who were abused as children;
one was ‘abused' with her consent. She is healthy and ‘normal'. The others still carry the
emotional, if not physical, scars of what happened to them. No, I have never participated in any
real act involving a child. (Well, I did but I was a child, too, so that doesn't count. ;>) Have I
fantasized about it? Hell yeah! Fantasies are still free in this country. It will probably take at least another year of the Clinton Administration before they are either taxed or taken away completely.

--