			    Domestic Affair

  After Paul fucked his wife Carole, he said to her  quietly,  "I
have  this  fantasy that you fuck Chuck." Chuck is their 18-year-
old kid. "I want you to seduce him  and  tell  me  what  happens,
maybe  sometime I will even watch!" he continued while still col-
lapsing over her. Running her fingers through  his  hair,  Carole
giggled slyly, "I will try that tomorrow, Darling."
  The next days afternoon, Chuck lying lazily in his bed when his
mother passed by him and asked, "Are you free for an hour, sweet-
heart?" "Yes, mom," he answered.  "Then come with me, will  you?"
"Sure!"  he  jumped  off the bed and followed her to her bedroom.
She reached for a baby oil bottle. Handing him  the  bottle,  she
said,  "I  feel very tired, you may give me a good massage to re-
lax!" He sat on the edge of the large bed as she started shedding
her  clothes. She started by taking off her white T-shirt reveal-
ing her firm tits semi-covered by a white bra. Then off come  her
faint  blue  jeans  shorts leaving a pair of shear panties hardly
covering what is inside. She then unclasps her bra and  threw  it
off jiggling her tits to let them feel free. Finally she took off
her panties and lay prone on the  bed  saying,  "Now,  let's  get
busy!"  "I  have  never  given  a massage so I need a lot of gui-
dance." he answered. "OK," she said, "start with  my  shoulders."
He sat by her side and opened the oil bottle.
  He poured and spread oil over her shoulders and neck and start-
ed  rubbing  gently with his palms. "Harder," she encouraged, and
he started rubbing harder and kneading the muscles  in  her  neck
and shoulders. "Oh, yes, that's it, baby," she moaned. He contin-
ued doing so and moving slowly down her back. He rubbed along her
spinal cord kneading the muscles in circles. He gently rubbed oil
into her sides when he reached her waist. He then started rubbing
with  his  finger tips. "Do you want me to rub your ass, mom?" he
asked innocently. "Yes, kid." She said. He poured  oil  all  over
her  cheeks  and  started  rubbing  gently  getting harder by the
second. When he started kneading her  cheeks,  she  moaned,  "Oh,
yes,  that's so good, keep going." He did. When he started moving
down, she said, "rub me inbetween, baby." He poured oil onto  her
crack  and  started  rubbing  along  her  cleft. "Oh, yes, rub my
asshole," she moaned.  He  started  rubbing  circles  around  her
asshole  pressing against the sphincter. Then he let his thumb go
knuckle-deep in and out of her extracting approval  sighs  as  he
proceeded.  He  slowly  rubbed  down her thighs kneading the soft
flesh. Then he did her calves and ankles. He rubbed also her feet
rubbing each toe generously.
  She rolled over on her back saying, "Now my  tits."  He  poured
oil  over  her tummy and started rubbing all the flesh around the
tits. Then he stroked gently over her  tits  getting  to  rubbing
harder  and  harder as she relaxed with closed eyes. He squeezed,
rolled and twisted her tits getting the nipples to full  hardness
without  touching  them  until she begged, "Do my nipples, pinch,
squeeze, twist them." He  complied  extracting  excitement  moans
from  her  lips.  Then without any encouragement he bent over and
started licking  around  the  nipples.   Driving  her  wild.  She
managed  to  say between moans, "Oh, baby, suck, that's it, don't
stop. You know last time you sucked on them you were a baby!"  He
sucked and nibbled on them getting more moans as he nibbled hard-
er. His hands glided down her  belly  slowly  rubbing.  He  said,
"That gets us to the end," removing his hands off her. "No, baby,
you got to do my thighs and ass real good  now."  He  poured  oil
over  her  thighs and started kneading all around her thighs back
to her cheeks. Going up her thighs towards where  they  meet  and
stopping  there, he got new instructions, "Continue, baby, rub me
between my thighs." She parted her thighs.
  He paused and said, "You are  soaking  wet  down  there,  mom."
"Yes, son, in anticipation of a good massage there!" He just used
the natural lubrication there to rub over and around  her  pussy.
First  he stroked gently, then applying some pressure. He pressed
his palm against her pussy and started pushing her flesh  up  and
down  and from side to side driving her real crazy between moans.
When she could not stand it any longer she screamed, "Stick  your
fingers in, baby." He got a thumb grinding her clit and started a
finger in and out of her quim.  The  finger  rubbed  against  the
walls  of her cunt. Later a second finger joined in then a third.
He twirled and bent his fingers within her. Then his lips  joined
those  lower ones of hers in a honey-sucking kiss as he assumed a
kneeling position. He licked her juices which flowed down to  her
ass.  He  took  her  clit between his lips and started teasing it
with his tongue as his fingers continued pumping  her  cunt.  She
felt  his swelling cock inside his shorts and said, "You got here
something that needs immediate attention. I will give it the best
attention,"  pulling  his  shorts  and  pants  down. He murmured.
"Thanks, mom," between sucking and licking sounds at her slit and
kicked  his  pants  off.  Her fingers started gently stroking him
down his balls and shaft and he twitched to the  sensation.  Then
she  teased  his glans with her thumb. She pulled him towards her
and he responded by straddling her face.  She  gripped  his  ass,
pushed  her  head up and licked his anal cleft down to his balls.
She took each ball into her mouth and sucking  them  gently.  Her
tongue  traced  his  shaft  to  the glans.  Meanwhile, his tongue
flicked inside her slit as he pulled her  pussy  wide  open,  His
glans  disappeared  into  her  mouth, the rest of his cock slowly
joined until her lips met his balls. He almost came there feeling
that completely new sensation but she pressed against his pereni-
um. Her lips slid slowly up and down his  shaft.  When  there  is
only  the  glans  in her mouth, she would nurse at it for a while
and then take the whole thing slowly inside. He  started  bucking
to the rhythm of her mouth. Her arms tightened around his ass and
her lips tightened around his cock screaming as she  gushed  into
his mouth. He kept sucking until she finished her orgasm.
  They split and she took off his shirt  and  pushed  him  gently
back on the bed.  After caressing his chest, she squatted astride
him gripping his hard-on and slowly  lowered  herself  until  his
glans  touched  her  pussy. She rubbed his glans against her lips
and eased his cock all the way into her welcoming cunt  squeezing
the  base  of  his  cock  to keep him off coming so soon. Gliding
smoothly up and down along his cock, she bent  over  and  started
kissing  him,  her  kisses  becoming wetter and wetter. His hands
kneaded her tits and squeezed her nipples letting her  moan  into
his mouth. Then she pushed her tits forward letting a nipple drop
into his mouth which sucked and nibbled really  well.  His  hands
travelled down her back reaching for her asscheeks. His hands be-
gan kneading the flesh pulling the asscheeks apart  and  together
again.  With  one hand pulling a cheek out, he let the other hand
rub along her anal cleft with an ever so slowly increasing  pres-
sure  until  her  sphincter  started yielding to the pressure and
took a finger in. The intruding finger started massaging  in  and
out  and  around and around. Then that finger yet invited another
finger to join. No sooner he did so than he felt her ass  tighten
around his fingers and her cunt drench his cock.
  He pumped her very hard until  she  recovered  herself  of  her
violent  orgasm. She dismounted him and he rolled her over in the
doggy style. He dived into her cunt and started sucking  her  out
into  frenzy. He knelt behind her and rubbed his cock up and down
her soaking lips. He pressed his cock against her  asshole  which
soon  welcome it in starting in the head. The boy ground his hips
around as to ream her hole and then resumed pushing in,  all  the
time  she  was gasping and moaning in response to the cocktail of
sensations sweeping up and down her whole body.  When he was  all
in,  he  started the real hard work thrusting back and forth into
her gripping hole. (I do not know how in the hell he did not come
yet!)  He continued plowing her deeply with his hand tickling and
rubbing her pussy and nibbling at her earlobe. When she was close
he  left her pussy and worked harder in her ass throwing her into
a deep orgasm and loud moans. The clenching and expansions of her
muscles  around his cock got him real close. He spurted the first
jet into her ass and rapidly moved  into  her  pussy  spurting  a
stray  jet  between  the  two holes. He slammed like mad into her
pussy throughout his climax getting her an extra new orgasm which
further drove him crazy. After this crescendo he collapsed on her
back with her ear still between his teeth.
   When his cock softened and fell out of her  pussy,  he  rolled
her  over  and  ate  her  to a thrashing orgasm reviving his cock
again meanwhile. He straddled her and pumped between her tits for
a  while  getting  to it. Then he shoved his cock down her throat
and pumped passionately a couple of thrusts and  he  was  soaking
her swallowing mouth. They lay on the bed limp and sated.


