                               MASTER OF THE HOUSE
                                    CHAPTER 3

         "Bring the stupid cunt here."   Master Ronald's loud command  awoke
     Melissa from  her  reverie  as  Mistress  Helga  yanked  on  the  leash
     connected to her nipple clamps, causing her to stumble and fall at  his
     feet.  "You clumsy slut.  You can't do anything right."  said  Mistress
     Helga as she let the whip find Melissa's ass twice before she could get
     her hands in  place to cover  her tender butt  cheeks.  Ronald  reached
     down with his  leather gloves with  the spikes in  the palm and  finger
     tips and grabbed Melissa  by the left breast,  the spikes digging  into
     the soft whiteness and  causing Melissa to  scream with the  unexpected
     pain.  His hand forced her to her knees as she scrambled frantically to
     escape from  the glove,  the  spikes causing  blood  to seep  from  the
     pinholes in her breasts.   He reached for  her other breast and  cupped
     each one  in  the palms  of  the  gloves, the  spikes  penetrating  the
     tenderest flesh on the underside of her breasts and causing her to moan
     with the pain.  As she involuntarily flinched backward, the spikes  dug
     in even farther, increasing the pain  until she thought she would  pass
     out.   But then  the pain  started  changing to  pleasure as  the  heat
     radiated to and  from her clit.   She started  rocking back and  forth,
     causing spasms  of pain/pleasure  to flow  through her  body until  her
     orgasm caused her  cunt to drip  moisture onto the  carpet between  her
     thighs.

         "She's learning  that  pain and  pleasure  are one,  and  that,  by
     increasing pain, she increases her  own pleasure." Mistress Helga  said
     smugly.   She  reached  down  and removed  the  clamps  from  Melissa's
     nipples, the pain  as they  were removed  causing another  mini-orgasm.
     Ronald told Debee and  Brenda to hold Melissa's  arms while he  pierced
     her nipples so that she could have a chain permanently attached to  her
     tits.  She struggled as the other two maids grabbed her arms firmly and
     held her  in place  as Ronald  brought his  thumb and  forefinger  near
     Melissa's nipples, the sharp spikes  shining in the sunlight.   "Either
     I'm going to pierce your nipples with my gloves, or I'll let you do  it
     yourself with the regular piercer.  Which do you want?"

         Helga held up  what looked  like a pair  of pliers  and opened  and
     closed the jaws  as Melissa  watched Master Ronald's  fingers begin  to
     close on her nipple.  "Noooo" she moaned.  "I'll do it myself.   Please
     let me do it.  Please don't use those gloves on me again."

         At a signal  from Ronald,  the two girls  let Melissa  go as  Helga
     handed her the pliers.  Melissa opened the pliers and shuddered as  she
     saw the long needle protruding  from one jaw that  went into a hole  in
     the other.   As she slowly  moved the  piercer to her  breast, she  was
     aware of the other two maids watching intently, each of them with their
     own pliers in place near their own breasts.  As she closed her eyes and
     gritted her  teeth,  she started  to  squeeze the  needle  through  one
     nipple.  The pain was too great and she couldn't get her hand to  close
     any further.  She opened her eyes quickly as she felt the glove at  her
     other nipple, and shook her head from  side to side as she grabbed  the
     handles with both hands and squeezed as hard as she could, driving  the
     needle completely through her nipple and causing a massive orgasm.  She
     heard the gasps as both Debee and Brenda came at the same time, and she
     watched as a  thin trickle  of milk  dripped from  Debee's long,  thick
     nipples.  She realized that now she was trained so that she could cause


                         Quality Erotica from Solitaire 
     her own orgasms through control of her own pain.  She pulled the pliers
     from her  nipple and  quickly  placed it  on  the other,  squeezing  it
     quickly as her orgasm gave her additional strength.

         After Helga inserted two golden rings in Melissa's pierced nipples,
     Ronald took a small gold chain and attached it to each ring, the simple
     chain glittering  as it  picked up  the sunlight  in the  room.   Helga
     strode to  the cabinet  and removed  a leather  and wooden  contraption
     which, with the help of the two maids, she strapped to Melissa's  body.
     The wooden shaft ran down her  back and the leather straps attached  it
     to her body as they  ran around her arms  and legs.  Leather  handcuffs
     and ankle cuffs were attached to chains which ran from the ceiling  and
     Melissa was hoisted to a horizontal position about three feet from  the
     floor.  With the wooden shaft  keeping her body straight, Melissa  hung
     there with her legs  and arms spread,  completely vulnerable and  ready
     for anything Ronald desired.

         He strode over beside her and let her look at the iron ring at  the
     base of his cock.  The one  inch spikes gleamed as he stroked the  head
     of his cock.  "I'm going to fuck your virgin asshole.  I'm gong to  sit
     below you and let you fuck yourself on this rod, forcing the spikes  to
     penetrate your ass as you fuck me."  He moved a couch below Melissa and
     lay down so that she was suspended above him, his stomach only an  inch
     from her buttocks so that his cock was rubbing up her naked pussy.   He
     moved slightly and  Melissa felt the  head beginning to  force its  way
     into her ass and she involuntarily contracted her arms and legs to  get
     away.  While she was safe for a while, she knew that she couldn't  hold
     her weight for long  and that, eventually, she  would tire and her  ass
     would have to receive his cock.  She held it as long as she could until
     the pain  from  the muscle  strain  became  too much  and  she  relaxed
     slightly.  She felt a sharp pain as the head of his cock penetrated her
     sphincter, feeling like  she was  being torn apart.   Suddenly  Helga's
     whip struck her pussy, causing her to jerk away involuntarily,  forcing
     his cock even deeper and  the spikes to drive into  her ass.  Her  legs
     reacted and pulled  her away from  the raping cock,  only to be  forced
     down by another blow from the whip.

         She had no control  over her body.   It was almost  as if she  were
     outside her body  watching her hips  jerk up and  down trying to  evade
     first the whip, then the spikes.  All of a sudden she realized that she
     wasn't trying to evade  the pain, her  body was seeking  it!  Her  hips
     were jerking upward toward  the whip and then  down toward the  spikes.
     She couldn't help herself.   Spasms of orgasm  wracked her body as  she
     felt his cock began to expand and stiffen  as he shot wad after wad  of
     hot cum up her asshole, the lubrication causing his cock to slide  even
     easier as she continued seeking the pleasure from the rape.

         Finally she had had  enough.  Her body  slumped over Master  Ronald
     with his cock still forced up her ass, the spikes still penetrating the
     flesh around her ass hole.  As the spasms subsided, she could feel  her
     sphincter grasping his cock, bringing him pleasure.  The chains hoisted
     her erect and Debee and Brenda helped her out of the harness.  She  was
     so weak that she couldn't  stand so they had to  carry her back to  her
     room where  they again  soothed her  body with  oils.   After they  had
     completed taking care of her, they put  her to bed in the satin  sheets
     and left her alone.  She tried to  make herself sleep, but she was  too
     keyed up for that.   As she  thought of what had  happened to her,  she


                         Quality Erotica from Solitaire 
     began to rub her clit, trying to  bring on another orgasm.  She  rubbed
     as hard and fast as she could, she tried to be gentle and smooth.   But
     nothing worked until she took the chain between her teeth and pulled it
     so that her nipples were distorted by the rings, the pain bringing  her
     to the  peak.   As she  was daydreaming,  Ronald strode  into the  room
     dressed for riding.

         "What have you learned today, cunt?" he inquired.  Melissa  thought
     for a  moment and  then replied,  "I guess  I learned  that I  can  get
     pleasure from pain, and that giving you my body lets me feel all of the
     pleasure I can  stand."  "Are  you ready  to remain here  as my  slave,
     doing whatever I want without question?"  Melissa thought for a  moment
     before answering,  "Yes,  Master,  I  want  to  remain  here  for  your
     pleasure, letting you do anything to my body.  I want to be whipped and
     fucked, raped and tortured for your  pleasure.  Giving you pleasure  is
     the greatest pleasure I can have."

         Just before he left  the room, Ronald told  her that, tomorrow,  he
     wanted to watch her fuck one of his polo ponies.








































                         Quality Erotica from Solitaire 

                                                                                            