                               MASTER OF THE HOUSE
                                    Chapter 2

         When Melissa awoke the next morning,  she was in a four-poster  bed
     with a white canopy, lying on perfumed satin sheets.  As she  stretched
     she could feel the  satin slipping easily against  her naked body,  and
     she realized with a start  that she was a  prisoner in this mansion,  a
     love-slave to Ronald,  the Master of  this house.   She remembered  the
     beatings and  pain he  had caused,  but as  she began  to remember  the
     pleasure he  had drawn  from her  body  with his  whips, she  felt  the
     familiar stirring in her cunt.   She remembered with pleasure what  had
     occurred after he  had fucked her  mouth, using her  throat as a  cunt,
     shooting his sticky wads  of cum into her  mouth, overflowing her  lips
     and dripping down into her nostrils.  As she sniffed, it was almost  as
     if she could smell  the cum and  leather again, and  she felt her  clit
     erect even more.  After Ronald  had finished with her, two other  maids
     had come into the  room and had  helped her to  this room, bathing  her
     with soft sponges  and scented  oils in a  hot bath,  their soft  hands
     smoothing the pains from her body.  After the bath they had helped  her
     to a  massage table  where she  lay on  her stomach  while they  poured
     soothing oils  on her  body,  the blond  starting  her massage  at  her
     shoulders, the redhead taking  her feet and legs.   She remembered  how
     soothing and relaxing  their hands  had been,  making her  feel like  a
     princess.    After  completing  their   massages  with  both  of   them
     concentrating on her buttocks, kneading the strong muscles and  sliding
     their fingers up  and down  her crack, their  fingertips gently  poking
     into her anus and tickling the  sensitive skin between her ass and  her
     pussy, she turned over and they started on  the front of her body.   As
     the blond poured  warm oil over  her breasts and  began to massage  the
     welts away, she was  startled to see that  the blond's tits, while  not
     nearly as large as her own, possessed fantastically large nipples, over
     an inch in length  and as big around  as her middle  finger.  When  she
     reached over and touched  the nipple, the blond  laughed and said,  "Do
     you like them?  Master Geoffery has me wear a suctioning device to  bed
     every night so that they get bigger.  They've grown at least a  quarter
     inch in the last  year and now they're  big enough so  that he can  hit
     just the nipple with the whip instead of wasting his blows on my tits."

         "Who is  Master  Geoffery?" Melissa  inquired.   "He's  my  Master.
     We're on loan to Master Ronald to help with your training.  My name  is
     Debee and that's  Brenda.   She belongs  to Master  David and  Mistress
     Helga who you  met when you  came in."   Melissa remembered the  stern,
     blond teutonic woman who she had assumed to be the housekeeper and  she
     cringed internally as she thought of  the cold eyes of Mistress  Helga.
     "Brenda and I have been slaves for over a year, and we were trained  by
     Master Ronald's previous slave before she became too old and had to  be
     replaced with someone young, like you."

         All the  time  they  had  been talking,  Brenda  had  been  rubbing
     Melissa's cunt hairs, massaging  the area between  her stomach and  her
     thighs.  Now she took a razor and began to quickly strip Melissa of all
     covering, leaving  her pussy  as naked  and  shining as  a baby.    She
     brought a mirror and held  it so that Melissa  could see her own  naked
     pussy, and she realized that her clit was poking into the air,  parting
     the front of her  pussy as it  erected.  Brenda  giggled and stuck  her
     finger into her mouth, wetting it in her saliva before beginning to rub
     Melissa's clit with circular motions.   Melissa groaned and parted  her


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     legs, shoving her pelvis into the  air, searching for more pressure  as
     the gentle stroking continued.   Even though  the circling finger  gave
     her pleasure, it didn't quite bring her to the edge. She could feel her
     pussy juices running down her ass and dripping onto the white marble of
     the table, but she couldn't cum, no matter how she tried.

         Debee walked over  to a counter  and returned with  a leather  mask
     which she slipped over Melissa's head.  The mask covered her face  from
     the top of her head to her  lips, and the pungent aroma of the  leather
     permeated her  nostrils,  causing her  to  soar higher,  but  not  high
     enough!  Debee whispered into her ear,  "Do you want to cum?  You  know
     what you need!  You  need to feel pain in  order to feel pleasure.   If
     you want me to help, you have to ask for it."

         "Oh, please help me cum!  I need  to cum!  Please help me.   Please
     bite my tits so that I can cum."  She felt Debee lean over her body and
     felt her  teeth grasp  her nipple  gently as  she felt  Debee's  nipple
     poking at her lips.  She opened her  mouth and began to suck on  Debee,
     feeling the reciprocation as Debee matched her actions.  She bit  Debee
     and felt the bite in return.  As she increased her own pressure,  Debee
     did likewise, pulling on her tit with her teeth and bringing her to the
     edge.  All  of a sudden  she felt  another mouth on  her other  nipple,
     grinding the tender  flesh between  incisors and causing  her to  spasm
     into a  fantastic orgasm,  her cunt  lips opening  and closing  as  her
     internal muscles simulated grasping an  intruding cock.  Her own  teeth
     ground into Debee's nipple,  and she was startled  to taste some  warm,
     sweet fluid in her mouth.

         She pulled  her head  back, afraid  that she  had caused  Debee  to
     bleed, and pulled the mask from her head.  Debee laughed and said, "Did
     you think you had hurt me?   I came at the  same time you did and  that
     caused my milk to start flowing.   My Master gives me injections  which
     cause me to lactate.  He likes to watch me milk my tits while he  beats
     them with a whip.  He likes to watch the whip splatter my milk all over
     my body.  Watch...",  she said as  her fingers began  to milk the  inch
     long nipples, pulling and squeezing until a solid stream of white fluid
     began to  run down  her  body, disappearing  between her  smooth  white
     thighs.  She  leaned over  Melissa and began  to squirt  milk into  her
     face.  Melissa  opened her  mouth and licked  the milk  from her  lips,
     rolling the sweetness around in her mouth.

         Brenda moved to  one side  and began to  suck one  large nipple  as
     Melissa copied her moves, drawing gasps  of pleasure from Debee as  she
     felt their teeth digging into her tits and dragging her long, sensitive
     nipples into peaks of pleasure  as they drained her  of her milk.   She
     grabbed Melissa's tits and began to  squeeze, letting her nails dig  in
     as she scratched and clawed Melissa, driving her into another orgasm.

         Finally, two of the girls were sated, but Brenda still hadn't  cum,
     so Debee  led her  into the  bedroom where  she cuffed  Brenda to  some
     chains that were attached  to the wall and  handed Melissa a four  foot
     long whip with evil  looking knots in the  end of the multiple  strands
     that drooped from the handle.  Brenda begged, "Please whip me!  I  need
     to cum...I can't stand it anymore...please hit me!"

         Melissa swung the whip gently and  hit her across her stomach,  but
     not hard enough to cause any pain/pleasure.  "Please, don't torture  me


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     anymore." Brenda begged.  Debee took the whip away and hit Brenda  with
     her full force,  driving the  knots into  her tits  and chest,  causing
     Brenda to  spasm into  a full  blown orgasm  which continued  as  Debee
     whipped her thighs,  stomach and tits,  bringing intense pleasure  with
     the pain.

         "If you want us to help you find pleasure, you can't refuse to help
     us when we need it!" Debee said as she handed Melissa the whip.   "Now,
     really beat  her until  she cums  again."   Melissa drew  back and  hit
     Brenda with all her  strength, driving the  knots into Brenda's  tender
     white tits,  drawing blood  where the  knots dug  into the  soft  skin.
     Brenda gasped  and began  to spasm,  drops of  cunt juice  hitting  the
     carpet between her feet  as orgasm after orgasm  washed over her  body.
     The whipping continued  until Brenda, exhausted  from all the  orgasms,
     hung limply from the chains, blood  seeping from a dozen places on  her
     body.  Debee and Melissa took her down and back into the bath, and  now
     Melissa helped wash and massage Brenda's beautiful white body, soothing
     the hurts and healing the cuts.

         Suddenly the door opened  and Mistress Helga  strode into the  room
     dressed in black leather boots and leather bra and panties, carrying  a
     long black whip.  Awakened from her memories, Melissa realized that her
     cunt had soaked the satin sheets, causing a wet spot that spread for  a
     foot around her pelvis.  "What are you doing?" Mistress Helga  shouted,
     the whip curling  over the end  of the  bed and snapping  into the  wet
     spot, driving a  sharp pain through  Melissa's cunt as  the end of  the
     whip found the tender flesh  of her clit.  "Get  out of that bed.   I'm
     going to  have to  teach you  some manners,  you stupid  little  cunt."
     Quickly Melissa got out of bed and ran to the corner where she  cowered
     and tried to disappear.  As  Mistress Helga strode over to the  corner,
     Melissa knew she was going to regret her daydreaming.

         "Get over here, cunt!"  she ordered as she  let the whip flick  out
     quickly and snap at  Melissa's left breast, leaving  a bright red  welt
     across the white flesh  and causing Melissa  to cry out  involuntarily.
     She ran  and knelt  at  Mistress Helga's  feet,  begging her  to  allow
     another chance.   Mistress Helga strode  to the closet  and took out  a
     leather outfit  which  she threw  at  Melissa.   "Put  these  on,"  she
     commanded as  she strode  to the  chair, sitting  down as  she  watched
     Melissa dress.  The bra was of hard, shiny black leather and had a hole
     cut in the tip,  exposing Melissa's erect nipples  to view.  Since  the
     cup was smaller than Melissa's normal  "D" cup, the tender skin  around
     the areola was forced to bulge out of the leather.  The garter belt and
     panties were also made of hard  leather, but the panties had some  form
     of elastic  device  where the  crotch  should  have been.    Since  she
     couldn't figure out how to don the panties, Melissa concentrated on the
     long black stockings and  thigh high black  boots before she  confessed
     that she couldn't figure out how to wear the panties.

         "Pull them up your legs and come here, you stupid little ass hole,"
     she responded as Melissa pulled the waistband around her waist and  let
     the elastic dangle between her legs.   Mistress Helga reached down  and
     opened the five inch clips attached to the elastic and clamped one clip
     over each cunt  lip, squeezing  each lip  between the  jaws which  were
     studded with  tiny teeth,  just like  the nipple  clips of  yesterday's
     session.  Tears came to Melissa's eyes as Helga attached the elastic to
     the panties,  forcing  the clips  to  spread  her cunt  wide  open  and


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     available for  anything.    Reaching  up  with  gloved  fingers,  Helga
     squeezed Melissa's clit, pulling  it further out of  its skin fold  and
     making it stand out prominently in front.  "You dumb cunt, you seem  to
     like this.  I'm going to enjoy using the whip to split your flesh  wide
     open while Ronald fucks your stupid little ass hole."

         Mistress Helga took  a chain with  nipple clips from  her belt  and
     clamped one on each  nipple, causing more tears  as the clips dug  into
     the wounds from yesterday.  Leading  her like a dog, Helga strode  from
     the room and down the stairs to the same room where Ronald had  started
     her training yesterday.  As  she stumbled into the  room at the end  of
     the nipple leash, Melissa cringed as she saw Ronald sitting in a  chair
     completely naked with his cock fully erect as Debee licked the head and
     Brenda licked his cum-bloated  balls.  The thing  that made her  cringe
     was the large iron ring around the base of his cock with one inch  long
     nails protruding up toward the head  and the black leather gloves  that
     had what looked to be thumb  tacks protruding from the palm and  finger
     tips, the  sharp tips  ready  to penetrate  her  soft flesh.    Melissa
     wondered if she would survive the fucking.








































     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

                