                               MASTER OF THE HOUSE
                                    Chapter 1

         Melissa was nervously awaiting her first meeting with the master of
     the house.   She had been  hired directly  out of high  school for  her
     first job: housemaid in the mansion of a wealthy young man whose  great
     interests were horseback riding and fox hunting.  She wondered why  she
     had been ordered to meet him in  such a skimpy outfit:  other than  her
     starched white maid's cap, she was wearing only a velvet ribbon  around
     her neck and a  sexy black garter belt  and black silk stockings  under
     her little black maid's apron.  Her black shoes had five inch  stiletto
     heels that forced her to take only short, small steps, causing her hips
     to undulate as she moved.   She was self-conscious that her huge,  firm
     breasts were bare and she was aware that her red nipples were erect and
     poking out from  the darker red  circles that covered  the tips of  her
     creamy white tits.  She hoped that the supervisor of maids would return
     with the rest of the outfit.

         Suddenly she  was  confronted  with  the master  of  the  house,  a
     handsome young  stud  named Ronald.    He  had just  returned  from  an
     afternoon of riding and he looked  dashing in his jodphurs, tall  black
     boots, and natty blue shirt.   She liked his looks right off,  admiring
     his curly brown hair and muscular  arms.  However, she didn't like  the
     looks of that whip he carried,  a thick blacksnake that looked like  it
     could be used more for  disciplining a recalcitrant breeding bull  than
     for guiding a thoroughbred horse.

         Ronald swung  right  into  action, intimidating  the  girl  as  she
     quivered and covered her  naked breasts with her  trembling hands.   He
     ordered her to kneel at his feet and that was easy for her to do  since
     her knees had turned to water and she wasn't sure that she could  stand
     much longer.  "Move your hands!" he commanded as her fingers  continued
     to hide her breasts.  As her head  shook side to side, he let the  whip
     uncoil and drop to  the carpet.   As his hand took  the whip back,  she
     moaned, "Noooooo."  and she  let her  hands drop  to her  sides,  fully
     exposing her breasts  to his gaze.   She  felt a blush  start over  her
     breasts and her nipples  erected even more under  his steady gaze.   He
     rubbed the cold leather  of the whip handle  over her breasts,  bending
     her nipples up and down as it pressed into the tender flesh.

         The powerful young  stud strode to  the bureau and  opened the  top
     drawer, producing a pair of black  leather shackles held together by  a
     chrome-plated chain.   As the girl  looked on aghast,  he shackled  her
     ankles with the strange device.  She was at once horrified and  excited
     for the soft leather  had a warm  and pleasing odor;  and when the  man
     came close, the scent from his sweaty riding pants and high boots added
     to the heady sensations.

         He asked Melissa her name and  when she replied he said,  "Melissa,
     I'm going to show you who is boss  on this estate.  I'm going to  teach
     you who the Master is."

         Melissa tried to rise,  but he caught her  ankles by the chain  and
     dragged her to an easy chair as she squirmed and tried to get away.  He
     brought the whip  sharply across her  ass and told  her, "If you  don't
     stop squirming  I'm  going to  have  to really  beat  your ass!"    The
     intensity of the pain had subsided somewhat, but Melissa had no  desire


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     to feel another blow, so she lay  quietly sobbing on the carpet.   "Get
     on your knees." he commanded as he  sat on the edge of the easy  chair.
     Melissa got on her hands and knees in  front of him as he put his  hand
     under her chin, turning her  face toward him.   "You are going to  feel
     pain and  you are  going to  experience  pleasure.   You are  going  to
     perform acts you never dreamed of  and you are going to experience  the
     true pleasure of serving your Master.  Your body belongs to me.  I  can
     do anything I want with it:  I can whip you until you bleed, I can  tie
     you up and leave you hanging from chains, I can make you do anything  I
     want.  If you  fight me, your  pain will be  greater and your  pleasure
     less.  If you cooperate, I'll  make sure you experience the heights  of
     orgasm over and over."  As he increased the pressure of his fingers, he
     asked, "Do you understand?"

         Melissa nodded through her tears.  What could she do?  There was no
     one to help her and they were too far from any other houses for  anyone
     to hear her  screams.   She had  no where  to run  or hide.   She  felt
     trapped in the great mansion of this powerful young man.

         He pulled her erect  so that she was  kneeling between his  leather
     covered legs.   He  reversed the  whip  so that  the thick  handle  end
     protruded from his fingers as he rubbed it between her heaving  breasts
     and pushed it into the tender tit flesh under her nipple.  He drew  her
     trembling body to him as he felt her bare pussy and let his fingers rub
     gently up and  down the  moist opening  of her  cunt.   As his  fingers
     explored her pussy, Melissa felt the familiar throbbing in her clit  as
     it began to  peek pinkly  out of its  sheath, poking  stiffly into  his
     finger as it continued to bring  her pleasure.  The whip handle  rubbed
     down her belly as it traveled to her cunt.

         "Oh, please don't," she  begged, but it was  too late.  Ronald  had
     inserted the whip handle  between her legs and  was rubbing it  through
     the wetness his fingers had  created.  Melissa felt strange  sensations
     as the cold black leather intruded into her cunt lips and massaged  her
     clit.  The girl felt strange sensations ripple through her body.  Never
     in her life had she felt anything  like this before.  She was  starting
     to get wildly turned on by the  forcefulness of this macho man, by  the
     scent of all that  leather and sweat,  and by the  action of the  thick
     leather whip handle dragging back and forth across her tender clit.

         Ronald arose and returned to  the same drawer, returning with  what
     looked like  a wide  leather belt  which he  fastened around  her  slim
     waist, buckling  it  so tightly  that  her  flesh was  pinched  by  the
     leather.  He  got two leather  handcuffs which he  enclosed around  her
     wrists and connected to rings on the side of the belt, imprisoning  her
     hands at her side and making it impossible for her to protect any  part
     of her trembling  body.  He  placed a leather  collar around her  neck,
     buckling it at  the back.   She felt  the coldness of  two chains  that
     dangled from the center of the collar and ran between her breasts.   At
     the end  of each  chain was  an evil-looking  alligator clip,  and  she
     shuddered as she realized their purpose.

         The next time he returned from  the drawer, he was holding a  weird
     implement the likes of which she had never seen before.  It was a short
     whip of black leather, thicker than  a rider's crop, with curlicues  of
     leather up the business end.



     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

         "Have you ever felt the blows from something like this?" he  asked,
     and when she shook her head no, he  took her by one arm and raised  the
     whip.  "This  is a  jockey's bat,"  he said,  his eyes  burning like  a
     couple of red-hot coals.  "It's used when a filly will not do as she is
     told.  For the next five minutes you must be completely quiet.  If  you
     make any sound at all, I'll whip your ass until you learn to obey me."

         He lay the bat on the chair and grabbed her left breast, forcing it
     up toward  her face,  his fingers  digging into  the tender  flesh  and
     distorting her beautiful tit.  His other hand took one of the clips and
     brought it in front of  her eyes, opening the jaws  to let her see  the
     tiny teeth before he slowly brought  it close to her sensitive  nipple.
     He enclosed her erect nipple in the jaws of the clip, and she  couldn't
     stifle the moan that escaped from her  lips as she felt the sharp  pain
     of the teeth  pinching her nipple.   As  he reached for  the whip,  she
     quickly shook her head from side to side, begging him with her eyes  to
     give her another chance.  He grabbed her other tit and bruised it as he
     forced it upward.  As  he pulled on the  chain, it slipped through  the
     ring in the  collar, pulling  her left  tit upward  and increasing  the
     pain.  He had to strain to get  the clip on her right nipple, but  when
     he was finished, the  short chain pulled both  tits upward and  exposed
     the tender white flesh of the lower breast.

         She gritted her teeth against the  pain as her head twisted  wildly
     from side to side.  As the tears  ran from her eyes, she saw a drop  of
     blood  where  the  clip  had  torn  her  left  nipple  and  she  moaned
     involuntarily.

         "I told you  to be silent!",  Ronald roared as  he whipped the  bat
     across her unprotected ass, driving a scream of pain from her  tortured
     throat.   She fell  backward onto  the carpet,  trying to  protect  her
     bruised butt, and Ronald slashed her across her stomach, barely missing
     her pussy lips as the jockey bat curled between her legs.  She  twisted
     and turned, trying to protect her innocent body, but no matter how  she
     moved, she couldn't escape the blows that rained across her soft  skin,
     bring bright red welts everywhere they landed.

         Finally, nearing exhaustion, she silently sobbed as Ronald gave her
     some respite, the sobs  wracking her body but  not causing any  sounds.
     As she  lay there  with the  sharp pains  starting to  dull, she  heard
     Ronald gently tapping the whip across his leather boots.  She heard him
     walk to the  bureau and return  to where  she was curled  in the  fetal
     position, her cuffed wrists keeping her from soothing the worst of  the
     welts.  She felt his  toe push her onto her  back as he ordered her  to
     open her legs.  Through  the haze of her  tears, she saw the  monstrous
     black dildo in his  hand and she instinctively  clasped her knees  more
     tightly.  He  reached behind for  the whip and  slashed her across  her
     tortured nipples, crushing the toothed clips into her poor nipples  and
     causing her to pass out with the pain.

         When she awoke, her entire body was on fire with the dull aching of
     the whipping she had endured.  She tried to move but found that she was
     securely strapped to some kind of table with her legs held wide open by
     chains that  reached  from  the  ceiling.    Two  thick  leather  belts
     encircled her  body  just below  her  tits  and just  above  her  hips,
     completely restraining her.  The collar and clips had been removed, but
     she gasped involuntarily as she saw the blood drying on the torn  flesh


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     of her sensitive nipples.   She could see  the deep indentations  where
     the clips had clamped her tender  nipples, the marks of the tiny  teeth
     appearing as deeper dots in the skin.   As she looked through the V  of
     her legs,  she  could see  Ronald  working  on some  kind  of  machine,
     adjusting screws and straps.   She tried  to lick her  dry lips and  he
     noticed that she was awake.  He strode to the bureau and returned  with
     a handfull of one inch  wide Velcro straps which  he lay on the  tender
     skin of her stomach.

         "Well, Melissa, are you ready to continue your training?  You  have
     such a lovely body, but I think your tits could use some assistance  in
     standing even prouder." He  moved to her side  and leaned down to  grab
     her nipple between  his teeth, pulling  her tit into  prominance as  he
     wrapped one  of the  straps  tightly around  the  base of  her  breast,
     forcing the pink flesh to bulge tightly above the strap.  She could see
     his teeth digging into  her nipples and she  moaned as the sharp  pains
     increased as he strained to pull her  nipple even higher.  He placed  a
     second and third strap,  each one even tighter  than the previous  one,
     compressing her tender tit so that it stood up from her chest almost as
     if it was a separate part of someone  else.   She could see the  saliva
     gleaming from  one proud  nipple as  he proceeded  to strap  her  other
     breast, using his teeth  again to pull her  tender flesh.  The  trapped
     blood caused her  tits to  blush pinkly and  her nipples  to expand  to
     their fullest extent,  standing bravely  erect as  his fingers  started
     twisting and squeezing the tortured red buds.  Involuntarily she moaned
     deep in her throat as he pulled her nipples as if he was trying to pick
     her up by the nipple alone.

         "You still haven't learned to be silent, have you?", he inquired as
     he began to  slap his hand  across both  of her tits,  the sharp  claps
     echoing through the room.  "Since you are a slow learner, I've  brought
     something to help you."  He described the purpose of the machine  which
     she had glimpsed between  her legs.   The motor drove  a large disk  to
     which was attached a rod and  a large dildo with half inch  protrusions
     all around its circumference.  He had a remote control in his hand that
     controlled both the speed  of the motor  as well as  the length of  the
     stroke imparted to the dildo.  He moved the machine into place and  put
     the dildo into her cunt, forcing the pink flesh to open before the huge
     invader.  She felt the dildo start forcing its way up inside her pussy,
     the protrusions dragging her cunt walls as it moved relentlessly up her
     body.  Just when she  thought that it would try  to force its way  into
     her stomach, it reversed and started to emerge, dragging her pussy lips
     as it moved.   Even though she was  aching from the previous  whipping,
     she started  to  feel her  pussy  moisten  as the  combination  of  the
     movements of the  dildo started  merging with the  hopelessness of  her
     situation.

         As Ronald increased the speed of the machine, her pains started  to
     subside, being replaced with the  pleasure she felt radiating from  her
     cunt as her pussy juices flooded out  of her cunt and dripped onto  the
     table.  She shut her eyes and gave herself over to the impending orgasm
     until she felt a searing pain across her  tits.  Her eyes flew open  as
     he said, "You  can't have an  orgasm until I  permit it.   And I  won't
     permit it until you recognize that I am your total Master."  He whipped
     her across her nipples again causing her to buck involuntarily.




     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

         As the dildo continued  to rape her poor  cunt, she could feel  the
     orgasm starting to  radiate from  her cunt, sending  waves of  pleasure
     through her body.  Just as she was about to cum, he turned the  machine
     off, leaving her  hanging on  the edge  but unable  to get  over.   She
     squeezed the muscles  of her  cunt, trying to  get the  dildo to  start
     fucking her again, but it was no use.  He rubbed the jocky bat  between
     her legs, the  curlicues of leather  stimulating her clit  as it  poked
     pinkly from her dark bush, and she could almost feel the orgasm coming.
     He brought the whip to her face where she could smell the pungent  odor
     of the leather mixed with her own  fluids.  "Clean it off!" he  ordered
     as he forced it into her mouth.  She could taste herself as her  tongue
     licked the end of the whip, cleaning it of all the moisture.

         He started the  machine again, and  she could feel  it invade  her,
     pushing its  way deep  into her  cunt and  bringing her  pleasure.   He
     rubbed the tip of  the whip over her  clit and increasing her  pleasure
     threefold, her  groans  filling  the  air  as  she  worked  toward  the
     pinnacle.  Each time she almost got to  the top, he would slow or  stop
     the machine, but he kept  the whip rubbing over  her clit and kept  her
     right on the edge.  Finally she moaned, "Oh please, Master, please  let
     me cum.  I'll do anything you want.  You can fuck me.  You can beat me.
     You can do anything you want if only you'll let me cum.  Please Master!
     Please let me cum."

         Without using  the  machine,  he started  gently  whipping  Melissa
     between the legs, the action of the whip striking her clit and  causing
     her a combination of pain and pleasure.  All of a sudden she was there!
     Melissa soared over the top into the most pleasure she had ever felt in
     her eighteen years.   The  orgasm shook  her entire  body, causing  her
     nipples to expand and her cunt to flood with moisture.  He continued to
     strike her clit gently with the whip as waves and waves of glory washed
     over her until she couldn't take  anymore and nearly passed out  again,
     this time from pleasure instead of pain.

         When she regained her senses, she realized that Ronald had  removed
     the machine  and was  using only  the  whip to  gently beat  her  clit,
     bringing her  back up  to the  peaks  of pleasure.   As  he  continued,
     Melissa had orgasm after orgasm, each one cresting just as the previous
     one ended.   Suddenly  she realized  that  he was  training her!    She
     noticed that  he would  beat her  gently  for a  while and  then  would
     increase  the  pressure,  the  additional  pain  causing  her  to  have
     additional pleasure and causing the orgasm.   But she didn't care!   As
     long as he gave her pleasure, the pain was worth it.

         "Don't stop, please don't stop!" she begged as he moved to the head
     of the  table.   He pushed  a button  and the  table dropped  out  from
     beneath her shoulders and her head  snapped back until she was  looking
     directly at his monstrous erection which  he had freed from his  pants.
     "Open your mouth and suck my cock!" he ordered as the shiny rod pressed
     at her lips,  coating them  with the  pre-cum which  covered the  head.
     She shook her head and refused to unclench her teeth.  She could  smell
     the sweat and leather of  his crotch as he  continued to rub his  prick
     across her face,   the   aroma   of   the  leather   causing   her   to
     remember  the beautiful whip which had given her such pleasure.

         He took a different whip, one  that was very thin and pliable,  and
     began to thrash her tits, sometimes  on the erect nipple, sometimes  on


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     the engorged flesh of her bound breasts.   Each blow on her tit left  a
     white line  temporarily radiating  through the  pinkness,  disappearing
     after a few moments as another blow left its mark.  As he whipped  her,
     she could feel the pleasure start  to bloom in her pussy,  concentrated
     in the protruding pink clit  which was searching for  the whip.  As  he
     increased the  speed and  strength  of the  blows across  her  breasts,
     Melissa began to moan, not from  pain, but rather from the pleasure  he
     was giving with the beautiful thin whip.

         He pulled her  head up so  that she was  looking directly into  his
     eyes as he threatened, "I won't let  you feel the pleasure of the  whip
     anymore until you suck my love  juices down your throat."  She  wiggled
     and tried to get into the pleasure zone again before realizing that, in
     order to get her way, she was going to have to give him his.

         She opened her mouth and licked her lips, looking into his eyes  as
     his large prick  shoved deep into  her throat, causing  her to gag  and
     choke.  As he drove  deeply into her throat,  her eyes were focused  on
     his hairy, swinging balls that bumped her forehead each time he  fucked
     her mouth.  She could smell the sweat and leather of his scrotum mixing
     with the pungent aroma of his  pre-cum which he had smeared around  her
     nose and lips.   As he continued  to fuck her  beautiful red lips,  she
     learned to  relax her  throat  and to  breath  between strokes  as  she
     watched his  prick,  glistening with  her  saliva, pistoning  into  her
     mouth, the large veins on the side swelling as his pleasure  increased.
     Finally, he  started to  lash her  body in  tempo with  his  movements,
     causing her to depend on the mouth fucking just as she was depending on
     the whipping to bring on her orgasms.  She felt the rod begin to  swell
     even more and knew that he was just about to cum, and she increased the
     suctioning pressure on  each stroke.   Just as  she felt  the blast  of
     sticky cum coating her tongue, his hand became a blur, driving the whip
     faster and  faster across  her  body, causing  her  to spasm  into  one
     pleasure dome after  another, faster  than her  mind could  comprehend.
     The only thing she knew was  that she associated intense pleasure  with
     the taste of cum and the smell  of leather, a secret that Ronald  would
     exploit as he continued her training.























     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

                                                  