                           DOMINIC AND CHRIS
                           =================


Dominic was the most wonderful youth Chris had ever seen.  He was both
handsome and cute at the same time, and was very intelligent and
talented. His face had a cute, slight pug nose with dark eyebrows and
deep eyes. He was missing his two canine teeth leaving his four front
teeth and showing that he was at the wonderful age of blooming
adolescence. Freckles were scattered lightly about the close set
features of his face enhancing the cuteness. His light brown hair was
combed in a slightly mused wave with a part near the center. He had a
dark golden brown tan over his entire body.

His shoes were worn grey white with a sharp contrast to the bottom of
his tanned legs. His ankles were covered with sexy hair, but his thighs
had the smooth hairlessness of youth. His shorts were grey and wrinkled
where his legs moved. His shirt was white with thin black stripes, the
shirt sleeves rolled up to the elbows, and a pocket over each side of
his chest. The top two of three buttons at the neck of the shirt were
opened giving a glance of the dark tan of his upper torso.

Chris had watched Dom for several days.  When it was finally sunny,
Chris stayed as close as possible to Dom without raising suspicion.
Chris laid to suntan near Dom and his girl friends.  Dom's chest was
wonderful in the brilliant sunlight.  His chest was slight, but well
formed with two prominent nipples.  His stomach muscles formed into firm
squares, or stretched to a cavity when he put his graceful arms behind
his head and laid with the sun glinting off his brown chest.

Dom slipped on his purple muscle shirt as he walked with Chris to go get
some soda pop.  They talked together about the lines of his girl
friend's swimsuit, and they climbed through the window to Chris's room
to get the pop.  Chris watched Dom vault his athletic body through the
window with enjoyment.

Later that day, they all decided to play volleyball.  When Chris saw Dom
take off his shirt, Chris knew he had to play the game.  Chris was often
distracted through the day as he watched Dom's wonderful chest muscles
ripple as Dom jumped to serve or hit the ball.  When they finally broke
up for dinner, Dom put his shirt on, but Chris still enjoyed watching
Dom while he ate.

The next day, when Chris went swimming, Dom was there with the glory of
his wonderful adolescent body.  Chris helped Dom get wet in the cold
water and watched the droplets glisten in the sun on Dom's athletic
chest.  Chris loved to watch Dom's cute face as Dom swam around.

When Chris went to the beach on the last day he would be near Dom, he
saw Dom lying chest down on the dock, looking at the people on shore
with his cute face accented by the sunlight.  Then Dom lowered his body
into the water as Chris watched his cute chest, and swam to the shore to
dry off in the sun.  Chris enjoyed seeing the nipples protrude from
Dom's wet chest.  Chris knew he was irrevocably in love with Dominic.
